 chapter 1 just walk away . 
 `` can i have an iced mocha latte with skim milk and whipped cream ? '' 
 yeah , the whipped cream cancelled out the skim milk , but at least i attempted to be good . 
 besides , it had been my breakfast for the past four years of college . 
 `` that 'll be three dollars and thirteen cents . 
 please pull around . '' 
 i loved routines , my life , and the future that i was going to have . 
 i could n't believe that i 'd finally graduated and was now able to start my life . 
 after i 'd found a job , it was my plan to go back to school and get my bachelors degree . 
 i ca n't remember a time when i was n't ambitious . 
 it was in my blood , with my parents both being doctors . 
 they 'd wanted me to follow in their footsteps , but i still was n't sure that was the right career path for me . 
 the hardest part was the fact that i had n't been home in years . 
 it was n't because of my parents and it was n't even because of my sister , well , not directly because of her . 
 she could n't have known what was going on inside of my head . 
 no , there was someone else that i could n't face ; someone that i 'd be forced to be around if i went home to visit . 
 stoshua wheeler . 
 i guess to better understand my reasoning , i 'll have to go back to my senior year of high school , the year when everything happened . 
 it was then that i decided that i needed to be as far away from my twin sister , and this town , as i could get . 
 growing up , and being just minutes apart , was awesome having a twin . 
 we talked alike , dressed alike , and shared everything . 
 every memory i ever had as a little girl , my sister was with me . 
 we were inseparable and the best of friends . 
 imagine having someone that is the mirror image of you . 
 we shared the same friends and even interests . 
 then high school happened . 
 it was the first day of our senior year . 
 my sister , being captain of the cheerleading squad , changed her outfit at least six times . 
 she could n't decide on putting her hair up or leaving it down . 
 while she had a nervous breakdown , i straightened my hair and put on the outfit that i 'd picked out the night before . 
 i 'd already looked up my syllabus and known my schedule , since i volunteered at the school during the summer . 
 the one thing i hated about high school , was having to share a car with my sister . 
 sure , it was a bmw , and all of our friends envied us , but my sister had the crazy social life . 
 i was usually stuck bumming a ride with one of my friends . 
 as usual , i ended up being the first student to arrive in class . 
 most people would n't enjoy ap chemistry first thing in the morning . 
 i felt it to be invigorating . 
 the class filled with familiar faces . 
 when you were enrolled in the classes that i was in , you were always stuck with the same people . 
 it was good to have the same friends , even though my studies were more important than any kind of socializing . 
 i 'd been on a mission ever since middle school . 
 my focus was to have the best grade point average that was possible . 
 i was prepared for the new school year . 
 nothing could distract me . 
 well , that 's what i thought . 
 five minutes after the bell rang , the most handsome specimen of a man walked into my classroom . 
 his hair was wavy and he was so tan . 
 even before i saw his blue eyes , i think i knew they were going to make me melt . 
 the teacher took his schedule and looked out at us . 
 the only empty seat was next to me . 
 i usually preferred sitting alone , so that i could focus . 
 `` what kind of name is stoshua ? '' 
 `` joshua was already taken , '' he replied sarcastically . 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 a couple students turned around and gave me a dirty look . 
 when i looked up at the front of the classroom again , the new guy was looking right at me . 
 i did n't know what to do , so i looked down at my hands and refused to look at him again . 
 my cheeks were rapidly growing hot and my heart was pounding out of my chest . 
 i was n't used to feeling so embarrassed , but this guy was so gorgeous . 
 to make matters worse , the teacher had him sit right next to me and assigned him as my lab partner . 
 it was the first day that i did n't want to be in chemistry and also the first time i 'd had a panic attack . 
 as the months went by , my obsession with the new guy , turned into an infatuation . 
 the more i tried to stay focused on school , the more i fantasized about stoshua . 
 we got to know each other and became close friends . 
 i was too shy to admit that i was interested in him . 
 i 'd never dated and i did n't know how to be in a relationship . 
 he became my second best friend . 
 on the weekends , we 'd watch eighties movies and hang out , studying or going places together . 
 we talked about everything and had each other on speed dial . 
 with my sister being so involved in herself , stosh was my only confidant . 
 sure , i could never admit how i felt about him , but it did n't matter . 
 all i wanted to do was be with him , every second of every day . 
 i fantasized about changing my last name to wheeler . 
 i designed my wedding gown in my head and named our first born son . 
 do n't act like you 've never done it before . 
 we all fantasize about being swept away by our own version of prince charming . 
 for me , he was my kryptonite . 
 i lived and breathed to be near him , all in hopes of one day to become mrs. stoshua wheeler . 
 at the end of the school year , a few weeks before prom , i had this feeling like he was going to ask me . 
 since we had even more classes together that semester , we were together all of the time . 
 he 'd come over to study and stay for dinner , or i 'd do the same at his house . 
 even though i did n't know for sure , i believed that he liked me as much as i liked him . 
 i 'll never forget practicing over and over what my conversation with stosh was going to be . 
 at first , i wrote him notes . 
 after going through almost an entire notebook of paper , i decided that it was better if i just came out and said what i was feeling . 
 gaining the courage to put myself out there was nerve racking . 
 once any other logical option was exhausted , i knew i had to go for it . 
 my sister knew i was up to something immediately . 
 this particular year had been harder for me . 
 as focused as i was on school , i felt like she was leaving me out of things . 
 she hung out with her friends more than she spent time with me . 
 most nights , she snuck in the house after curfew and smelled of booze . 
 her defiance was associated with her popularity and the type of people that she hung out with . 
 in some ways i was jealous . 
 ivy was always having fun , where i was always focused on being the best person i could be . 
 responsibility was important to me , but not my sister . 
 with prom being so close , it also meant that finals were even closer . 
 i 'd studied for weeks and was sure to ace all of my exams . 
 ivy came to me one day in tears . 
 `` will , you have to help me . 
 i 'm in big trouble . '' 
 only two people called me will . 
 ivy and stosh . 
 `` what 's wrong now ? 
 did you break a nail or something ? 
 did you lose your favorite mini - skirt ? 
 is your period due ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrow , like i was out of line . 
 `` i 'm being serious ! '' 
 she pushed me and sat next to me on my bed . 
 `` if i fail my exam , i wo n't graduate . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes and stood up to admire herself in the mirror . 
 `` it 's biology . 
 you know i hate that class . 
 the teacher is pissed at me because he 'd never have someone like me . 
 he has it out for me , i swear . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 my sister could never admit that something was her fault . 
 `` so , you want me to help you study ? '' 
 she gave me a dirty look . 
 `` are you kidding me , right now ? 
 um , hell to the no . 
 i want you to take the exam for me . '' 
 `` you 're crazy ! 
 i 'm not doing that ! 
 besides , i would miss my own final to help you . '' 
 she must be insane if she thought i would be willing to trade places with her and let her take my test . 
 my sister was beautiful and very popular , but she sucked at anything that had to do with academics . 
 `` i am going to hook that day . 
 the makeup exam will be the following day and you 'll be all done . 
 please will ? 
 i do n't want to fail my senior year . 
 i 'm begging you . '' 
 i walked over to my window . 
 did she even know what she was asking me to do ? 
 how could i possibly do something so illegal ? 
 how could i chance losing everything that i 'd worked for ? 
 i 'll tell you how ... i did it for my twin sister ; the one who shared the egg that created us . 
 she was my partner , no matter what the sacrifice . 
 i 'd do anything to make her happy . 
 in fact , i could n't be happy unless i knew she was too . 
 that was my biggest mistake . 
 i was already disappointed in myself , but it was something that i felt obligated to do , no matter what the risk was . 
 `` fine . 
 you owe me big for this one . '' 
 `` anything ! 
 you just name it . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` what would i do without you , sis ? '' 
 `` apparently , flunk biology . '' 
 she snickered as she started to walk out of the room . 
 `` now that you 've helped me solve my itsy bitsy problem , i can concentrate on getting myself all sexified up for this party tonight . 
 everyone is going to be there . 
 i 'm so excited . '' 
 everyone was n't going to be there . 
 i 'd be catching up on biology , in my room , alone . 
 i only studied for a few hours before i got bored and my mind went back to stoshua . 
 i was running out of time to tell him how i felt . 
 it was going to happen . 
 there was a big end of year assembly for the seniors . 
 we were both on the clean up committee and would have to stay after school . 
 when we were alone , i was going to tell him everything . 
 he would finally find out just how crazy in love with him i was . 
 since i was so sure he felt the same way , i was excited and optimistic . 
 the assembly was focused on superlatives , which my sister won a lot of . 
 she was most beautiful , most daring , and most popular . 
 everyone cheered when she went up to collect her little awards . 
 i spotted stosh in the crowd and caught him looking back at me three times . 
 it gave me even more courage . 
 after the assembly was over , i weeded through the crowd to find him . 
 i should have known when i saw him standing in front of my sister that something was wrong . 
 it just did n't dawn on me that it would go the way it went . 
 they both saw me heading their way . 
 my smile turned upside down and my heart was beating a thousand times too fast . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 they looked at each other and then back at me . 
 `` stoshua just asked me to prom . 
 we are going to be the hottest couple there . 
 i just know it . '' 
 she put her arm into his and waited for me to reply . 
 of all the people on the entire planet , nobody could have hurt me like my sister did at that very moment . 
 i was literally crushed into a million pieces . 
 `` i did n't know you guys liked each other . '' 
 they both looked at each other and shrugged . 
 after all of this time , i 'd thought he was interested in me , when the whole time he 'd only been into my sister . 
 she 'd probably told him to be nice to me . 
 i felt like such a fool . 
 `` that 's great . '' 
 i could feel the burning in my throat . 
 i was choking back my own pain to try and be happy for my sister . 
 it was impossible to even look at stosh . 
 i wanted to die ! 
 the next week was even worse . 
 ivy drug me all over town , looking for the perfect dress . 
 she said she needed to be the hottest girl there . 
 when she found her version of a perfect dress , which consisted of it just ending at her ass and showing entirely too much cle ** age , she got even more annoying . 
 `` you know , you should come to prom . 
 we could get matching dresses , like we did when we were kids . '' 
 `` no thanks . 
 prom is n't my kind of scene . 
 i 'm just going to catch a movie . 
 you know , the statistics show that drunk driving is heightened during events such as dances . 
 drug use is even worse . 
 i prefer being home by ten and knowing i will wake up in one piece . '' 
 she rolled her eyes at me . 
 `` whatever ! '' 
 while admiring herself in the mirror , `` i seriously wonder what planet you came from sometimes . 
 i mean , do you even hear yourself ? '' 
 if she was n't my sister , i knew we 'd never be friends . 
 we had nothing in common except our looks . 
 `` i ca n't help who i am . 
 when i 'm out of college and i have a good job , i 'll have plenty of time to go out and have fun . 
 i just do n't want to make a mistake that could cost me the future that i 'm working so hard for . 
 you ca n't hate me for being responsible . '' 
 `` you really need to live a little . 
 your vagina is going to shrivel up like an old lady if you do n't use it ! '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` my vagina is fine , thank you very much . '' 
 `` do n't say i did n't warn ya . '' 
 she continued admiring herself in the mirror . 
 `` just because i 'm saving myself , does n't mean i 'm a prude . 
 i 'm happy with my life . 
 one day i can look back and be happy with my decisions . 
 i do n't want regrets , ivy . '' 
 she was going to have them . 
 everything my sister did made me wonder what the hell she was thinking . 
 since dress shopping had been a nightmare , i avoided my sister until the big day . 
 i 'd had my moments and it was a blessing that we did n't share rooms . 
 i 'd cried myself to sleep every night and being in school was n't easier . 
 i had to maintain my friendship with stosh like nothing had happened . 
 he was into my sister , which meant he had never been into me . 
 it was like a slap in the face to have to put on a smile everyday and pretend that our friendship had n't been tainted . 
 when he started asking me questions about my sister , i wanted to scream . 
 then they became more than just prom dates . 
 i saw him walking her to class and she kissed him right in front of me . 
 i wanted to cringe . 
 the two people that i loved the most were into each other . 
 i was the odd person out . 
 nothing was going to be the same . 
 as upset as i was about their situation , i did switch places with my sister and take her exam . 
 for some reason , i did n't think about having to pretend to be her around stosh . 
 he found me walking down the hall and grabbed my hand . 
 i 'd pictured it for so long and wondered what it would be like to have his large hand holding mine . 
 he kept looking at me and smiling , but did n't say anything . 
 a few people passed us in the hall and he spoke to them , but not to me . 
 when we arrived at my sister 's class , i knew we had to say something . 
 `` thanks for walking with me . '' 
 `` it was my pleasure . '' 
 he played with my bangs , causing me to blush . 
 i was so hot for him but , i could n't tell him . 
 i bit down on my lip . 
 `` willow is n't here today . '' 
 `` really ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` she 's not feeling well . '' 
 it was n't totally a lie . 
 i felt like i was going to puke . 
 `` good thing she finished her exams . 
 i just thought we could hang out in the library . 
 oh well , i guess i 'll just take a nap . '' 
 i thought he was just going to walk away . 
 i mean , he started to , but all of the sudden he turned around and pulled me into his arms . 
 butterflies filled my stomach as he closed his eyes and pressed his warm lips on mine . 
 i would have been able to manage with just a peck , but it escalated quickly . 
 his tongue intruded it 's way into my mouth and found mine . 
 i just could n't help myself . 
 i 'd dreamed of kissing this fabulous guy for so long . 
 i had to feel what it was like once . 
 i 'd never seen him kiss my sister so intensely . 
 he grabbed the back of the hair on my head and kissed me again and again . 
 i never even noticed that the bell had rang until the teacher cleared his voice . 
 `` do you plan on taking your final exam , ivy ? '' 
 stoshua pulled away , but not before placing a small kiss on my forehead . 
 `` it was worth it , '' he whispered before walking away . 
 i walked into the classroom with my heart beating out of my chest . 
 from just one kiss , i 'd fallen more in love with him . 
 my sister was never going to forgive me and i did n't even care . 
 well , i did n't care about anything ivy related until i got home and heard her talking about him . 
 she was all excited and trying on her dress for the twentieth time . 
 `` i ca n't wait until tomorrow . 
 we 're going to have such a good time . 
 he 's going to have a night he will never forget . '' 
 i was so jealous that i could n't help myself . 
 `` we kissed today . 
 he thought i was you . '' 
 her eyes got huge and she walked over to me . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 i talked to him right before he walked into school and told him i was n't going to be there . '' 
 i was speechless . 
 stosh knew he was kissing me . 
 maybe i was wrong about his feelings . 
 maybe i really had a chance . 
 `` but , he ... '' `` he was probably just playing the part . 
 he kisses me every day before that class . 
 wow , he is an awesome boyfriend , do n't you think ? '' 
 she was oblivious to what i was thinking . 
 i did n't care what ivy thought had happened . 
 i 'd felt the connection between us . 
 it was real , i could have sworn it . 
 while i retreated to my room to relive the most magical moment of my life , i got a text from stosh , saying that he missed me at school . 
 it made no sense . 
 ivy swore he knew it was me the whole time . 
 choosing to ignore him , i tried to stay in my room when he came to pick up my sister in the limousine . 
 i did n't even want to peek out the window to see them together . 
 it just hurt too much . 
 it was n't until my mother came in and pulled me out to take pictures with them , that things got even more confusing . 
 she positioned me on the opposite side of stosh . 
 when i felt his arm around my shoulder , the same sensations as before went running through my body . 
 i looked up and saw him looking down at me , with a big smile on his face . 
 after a few more pictures , and me trying to hold my breath , i ran back into the house and never looked out the window to watch them leave . 
 my sister never came home that night . 
 i knew what it meant . 
 she 's slept with stoshua . 
 my whole world was shattered . 
 i hated her for being with him and she did n't even know it . 
 it took three days for them to stop talking to each other . 
 summer had begun and my sister never had a boyfriend during the season of bathing suits and beach weather . 
 she could have cared less about stosh and what they 'd done at prom . 
 the pictures came and they were placed on the mantel with all of our other family photos . 
 i hated going into the living room . 
 about five weeks after school ended , i found my sister in my room sitting on my bed . 
 she was crying and holding something in her hand . 
 i sat down beside her . 
 `` ivy , what 's wrong ? '' 
 she sniffled and leaned her head on my shoulder . 
 `` i f ** ked up . 
 dad 's going to kill me . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she handed me the pregnancy test . 
 `` this is the third one i took . 
 what am i going to do ? '' 
 that was the exact moment when i knew i 'd lost him forever . 
 i was speechless . 
 all i could do was hug my sister , because my mind was on me never being with the only guy i ever loved . 
 after the truth came out , stosh 's family insisted on him doing the right thing by ivy . 
 they were married in a small ceremony at our church a month later . 
 i remember it raining it 's ass off and her hair getting messed up . 
 in eighteen years , i 'd never wanted my sister to suffer . 
 something had changed between us . 
 i was done giving up things for her . 
 i needed a new start , away from my sister and her new husband . 
 they were going to have the family that i wanted with him . 
 i decided to take the scholarship that i 'd earned to a college out of state . 
 in fact , i 'd already moved in when my mother called to tell me that ivy lost the baby . 
 although i felt her pain , our time apart had n't mended my heart . 
 i had animosity toward my sister and knew that as long as she was with stosh , i could n't be around them . 
 he and i stopped talking altogether . 
 it was extremely difficult to be cordial when i heard about them . 
 in just a few short months , i 'd lost my two best friends . 
 i felt saddened and completely alone . 
 every second of every day , i 'd always known that i had someone by my side . 
 my whole life was immediately turned upside down and i could n't deal with it . 
 i had to get as far away as i could . 
 i did n't care about anything anymore . 
 why bother , when you can end up losing in the end ? 
 my sister and i kept in touch , but nothing was ever the same as before he came into our lives . 
 she could never know what she 'd taken from me . 
 i loved her enough to never hurt her like that . 
 so i thought ... chapter 2 the mirror has two faces . 
 i should probably explain the conversation that put all of this into play . 
 the call from my sister came around four in the morning . 
 when my cell phone started vibrating across my bedside table , i should have known it was her . 
 since i 'd left for college , she never called unless she needed something , or wanted to brag about her perfect life . 
 i shared a house with four other girls and our lease was up in one month . 
 since we 'd all graduated , we 'd already started packing up our things . 
 i attempted to reach for my phone with my eyes still closed , but ended up knocking it into a box on the floor . 
 the vibrating stopped and then started back again . 
 i finally felt it and pulled it out to see my sister 's face displayed on the screen . 
 i doubled checked the time before answering . 
 hello ? 
 it 's me . 
 i 'm in trouble and i need you to come home . 
 ivy , it 's four in the morning . 
 call me back in a couple of hours . 
 i ca n't . 
 look i do n't have time to explain . 
 i need you to come here . 
 will , i need you to be me for a couple of days . 
 i sat up straight . 
 are you crazy ? 
 no . 
 i 'm desperate . 
 please , will . 
 please help me . 
 she started to sob and i immediately felt sorry for her . 
 i 'm not doing anything until you tell me what 's wrong . 
 where 's stosh ? 
 why ca n't he help you ? 
 he ca n't know ! 
 he ca n't ever find out . 
 that 's why i need you to be me . 
 you 're crazy . 
 he 's your husband . 
 he 's going to know i 'm not you . 
 no , he really wo n't . 
 we barely see each other . 
 he is obsessed with work and does n't pay attention to anything i do . 
 ivy , this is insane . 
 i have a life here . 
 i ca n't just get up and be you . 
 it 's not feasible . 
 will , i 'm begging you . 
 it 's life or death . 
 what ? 
 what have you done , ivy ? 
 how fast can you get here ? 
 she was n't going to take no for an answer . 
 i do n't know . 
 will , please . 
 i would n't ask you if it was n't so important . 
 please . 
 i have to leave today . 
 i do n't have a choice . 
 her cryptic reasoning was making me worry . 
 my sister was always an open book . 
 ivy , if i drive four hours and this is over a past due electric bill , i am going to kill you . 
 meet me at the airport at noon . 
 i will explain everything . 
 you better ! 
 she was still crying when we hung up . 
 something was wrong and i hated that i did n't know what it was . 
 i felt like i wanted to call stosh and ask him what was going on , but ivy insisted that he could n't know . 
 i knew it was n't my parents . 
 she would have told me something like that . 
 without knowing what could have been going on , i got out of bed and packed a bag . 
 there was a chance that i 'd be heading home once i heard her out . 
 i sucked down my latte as i headed toward the interstate . 
 it was going to be a long lonely drive . 
 luckily , my vehicle had satellite radio . 
 i hated commercials and needed my fix of nineties music . 
 i arrived into town a little before ten . 
 there had been two accidents that caused major delays . 
 since it had been so long that i 'd been home , i was surprised to see that the small town had built up . 
 convenience stores and fast food restaurants had been added , as well as a super walmart . 
 since i was so early , i decided to get out at a local park and do my morning run . 
 it usually took about an hour and it was a perfect day . 
 changing in my car was n't so hard considering that i was already wearing a pair of yoga pants . 
 i took off my flip - flops and put on my tennis shoes . 
 after pulling up my long hair , i headed out to take in the fresh air . 
 this particular route of my run was a little scenic trail on the one side of our town . 
 i ran past the high school and thought about all of the eventful moments that i 'd spent there . 
 it made me run faster , causing me to get out of breath much sooner than i was used to . 
 after getting myself so upset , i rethought my decision and considered turning around and heading back home . 
 there was nothing left here for me . 
 sure , i could move on easily . 
 i 'd dated in college and even had one serious relationship . 
 unfortunately , none of them gave me the same feelings that stosh had given me when he kissed me . 
 i know it was hard to believe , but i knew i 'd been in love with him . 
 my feelings were true and i was n't sure if they 'd ever be able to completely go away . 
 now that he 'd been married to my sister for four years , i 'd spent that time being cordial with him on the phone . 
 he would say hi , but our friendship did n't survive their relationship . 
 i kept our conversations to a minimum and could n't deal with hearing my sister go on and on about the little things he did that annoyed her . 
 i hate to say this , but i almost hoped that they would get an annulment just to calm the stake that was permanently being stabbed into my heart . 
 i 'd deleted my facebook page , because i got tired of my sister posting statuses involving places that his parents and my parents were taking them . 
 jealousy had gotten the best of me , that 's for sure . 
 by twelve , i 'd been sitting in my car , in the airport parking lot , for more than an hour . 
 when i saw my sister pulling up , i knew that i could n't turn my back on her , even if it was what i should have done . 
 it was just a couple of days . 
 what could go wrong ? 
 when i first saw her sitting down , i could tell that she 'd been through something . 
 she appeared to have been crying for days . 
 `` spill it , ivy . 
 i just drove all this way and deserve to hear what the hell is going on . '' 
 she covered her face into her hands . 
 `` you would n't understand . 
 ca n't you just take my word for it ? '' 
 `` you 're asking me to be you . 
 not only is it against the law , but i ca n't be someone that i have n't been around in years . '' 
 she ignored my comment and ran her fingers through my hair . 
 `` our lengths are almost identical . '' 
 i pulled away from her . 
 `` ivy , are you freaking serious ? 
 i ca n't believe i was so stupid . '' 
 she stood up and put her hands on her hips . 
 `` will , please . 
 i 'm begging you . '' 
 `` do you even understand what you 're asking me to do ? 
 i ca n't be you , ivy . 
 i ca n't go and pretend to be married to your husband . 
 i do n't know where anything in your house is and i sure do n't know how to act around him . 
 he will know . '' 
 she smiled , but somehow looked annoyed . 
 `` you do n't know anything about marriage . 
 not only will stosh not notice , but you may not even have to see him . 
 he 's playing cards with his friends like he does this same time every week . 
 when he comes home he 'll be so drunk he 'll pass out on the couch . 
 tomorrow he has an appointment with a buyer out of town . 
 he usually stays the whole night there and does n't come home until lunch time the next day . 
 he 's got bowling the following night after work , so you 'll be fine until i get back . '' 
 i hated that she 'd planned this all out in her head , knowing i would come running to her rescue . 
 i may not have been with her much in the past four years , but that did n't mean i was n't bailing her out all of the time . 
 it never failed . 
 my sister was terrible with money . 
 i was forever sending it to her . 
 in fact , i think i 'd paid her phone bill three times in the past year . 
 she was so irresponsible . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` look , i do n't have time to beg , will . 
 i need you , more than ever before . 
 just do this for me . 
 i wo n't ask for anything else . '' 
 she sounded like a kid instead of someone who was twenty two . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll do it , but as soon as someone realizes that i 'm not you . 
 i 'm out of this convoluted plan of yours , got it ? '' 
 she hugged me . 
 `` thank you , will . 
 i knew i could count on you . '' 
 a short while later , i watched my sister wave good bye to me . 
 she left me with her keys , her car , her purse , her cell phone and her wedding ring . 
 she 'd also called a local salon for me to have my hair cut and colored to match hers . 
 i should have known that she was going to extreme measures to make me look like her for a reason that was n't good . 
 she refused to tell me what she was involved in and i figured that the less i knew the better off i would be . 
 as long as i did n't have to be around stoshua , i knew i could get through the next couple of days and go back to my normal life . 
 since i had n't been in town in so long , it took me a while to find the house . 
 they 'd moved three times and were renting the pool house of someone my father worked with . 
 it had a separate entrance and there was n't anyone at the main house when i pulled in . 
 their place was cute for the two of them . 
 when i unlocked the door , the first thing i noticed was that the place was even cuter on the inside . 
 then i noticed how messy it was . 
 ivy was n't ever the kind of girl to keep her room neat and tidy . 
 her clothes were always thrown all over the floor and the bathroom that we shared was always a mess . 
 as i walked around the house exploring , i felt like we were back at home . 
 dishes were in the sink , even though they had a dishwasher . 
 magazines were all over the living room floor and the couch looked like it was used for a bed instead of a place to sit down and relax . 
 in the bathroom , there were more products than one could possibly use in one day . 
 there was no way i was going to be able to stay in this house without straightening it up . 
 i started in the bathroom and then worked my way through , until the house was spotless . 
 it also helped me manage some of my frustration for signing onto something so stupid . 
 my sister was a grown woman . 
 i never should have helped her with anything . 
 it was n't like i owed her . 
 she owed me more than she 'd ever be able to pay back . 
 after i had explored the house , including every closet and drawer , i sat down on the couch and watched television . 
 my sister had assured me that i would n't see stosh , so when i heard keys dropping on the table , i started to panic . 
 i heard him walk into the kitchen and open the refrigerator . 
 `` what the hell happened in here ? 
 i know you did n't do all this . '' 
 it was n't how i imagined a husband greeting his wife . 
 i watched him take a swig of beer , before emptying his pockets and walking into the bedroom . 
 he must have been shocked that i 'd put all of his clothes away , because he peeked his head out the door and started to say something . 
 i thought he 'd figured it out without me even talking to him . 
 after he gave me a questionable look , he smiled and walked back into the bedroom . 
 i did n't know what to do , so i got up and looked for something to cook . 
 my sister did n't have much . 
 she never could cook anything . 
 i found a couple steaks , an opened package of bacon , half an onion and a can of beans . 
 in the freezer was a pack of sausage and some frozen green beans . 
 it was enough to work with . 
 while getting the steaks marinated in some red wine vinegar and worchester sauce , i cooked the bacon up . 
 after separating some for the beans and some for the green beans , i mixed in onions and sausage to half of it . 
 when the meat was fully cooked and the onions browned , i poured in the can of beans . 
 i fried the green beans in bacon and a few diced pieces of onion , while broiling the steaks . 
 it took me fifteen minutes to create a nice meal . 
 stosh came walking out with an empty beer bottle . 
 he had a smile on his face , but still said nothing . 
 i did n't know what to do when he walked up and put his arms around my waist . 
 i could feel his breath on the back of my neck as he kissed me there . 
 `` what 's all this for ? '' 
 `` i figured you 'd be hungry . 
 i know i 'm starving . '' 
 i was trying so hard to not look at him , but the more he touched me , the harder it was to attempt to ignore what was happening . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 he kissed the side of my head before turning me around and pulling me into his arms . 
 `` i missed you too . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 i 'd missed him every day for four years . 
 i could deny it to myself , but it would have been a lie . 
 in a matter of a half hour , i was right back to being infatuated with him . 
 the problem was that he was my sister 's husband . 
 he could never know how i felt or that i was n't her . 
 this was all pretend . 
 he was n't telling me that he missed me , he was telling her that . 
 he pulled away and looked me right in the eye . 
 i tried to think of what my sister would say , except i was speechless . 
 `` what do you want to do tonight ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` do n't you have cards ? '' 
 stosh ran one of his hands up my back over my shirt . 
 `` i could stay home . 
 we could hang out . 
 it 's been a while since we 've done that . '' 
 what was i supposed to say ? 
 how could i stand there and tell someone that i wanted to spend every second with , that he should get as far away from me as he could ? 
 i swallowed my pride . 
 how bad could it be ? 
 it was n't like i was climbing into bed with him . 
 i did n't want to be second to my sister , but since he thought i was her , i was n't doing anything wrong . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he seemed shocked that i agreed . 
 after taking a green bean out of the pan and popping it into his mouth , he kissed me on the nose . 
 `` go sit down . 
 i 'll make our plates and meet you in the living room . '' 
 i smiled and made my way over there . 
 a few times , i caught myself looking over at him , admiring how much he 'd changed since high school . 
 he was even more handsome as an adult . 
 stosh 's hair had gotten darker and his face had more hair on it . 
 he was still built well , just bigger . 
 when he caught me looking , he winked at me . 
 i turned my head and blushed like i was fourteen again . 
 this was n't like me to act that way . 
 i was mature and handled my relationships with a keen sense of responsibility . 
 whatever was happening , i had no control over myself . 
 when stosh came over with two plates and the bottle of ranch , i had to laugh . 
 i 'd put ranch on everything when i was a kid and so did my sister . 
 my father would always tell me that i was ruining the taste of my meat . 
 he did n't get it . 
 it was weird how stosh watched me eat . 
 who was i kidding , everything was weird . 
 this was n't my life . 
 pretending to be my sister was only going to break my heart all over again . 
 he was clearly in love with her . 
 i just wanted to know what that felt like . 
 i should have got up and walked out of the house . 
 whatever my sister was involved in , it was her problem , not mine . 
 still , after all this time , i could n't tear myself away from this man . 
 even if it were only for a couple days , or one night , this was exactly where i wanted to be . 
 i wanted to have my best friend back . 
 i wanted to pretend that he 'd never fallen in love with my sister . 
 i wanted to pretend that he was in love with me instead . 
 chapter 3 truth or dare after we ate , stosh insisted on doing the dishes . 
 i guessed that he was the one who did them every day . 
 in order to keep up with pretending to be ivy , i sat on the couch and pretended to ignore him . 
 it was difficult . 
 i 'd been away for so long that i wanted to know what he 'd been up to for the past four years . 
 surely , he 'd have a lot to tell me . 
 unfortunately , i could n't ask that , since i was suppose to know . 
 i 'd stopped asking my parents about my sister years ago . 
 when i had done it , hearing about them being so happy literally made me sick . 
 i was so jealous of their life . 
 perhaps it was immature . 
 i had run away from my problems , instead of facing them . 
 she was my twin sister and i 'd abandoned her . 
 i 'd stayed away when they lost their baby . 
 i hated him for not wanting a divorce . 
 i hated them both for falling in love . 
 for years i 'd wondered what she 'd had that i did n't . 
 we were identical . 
 stosh and i were friends , not him and ivy . 
 why would he be friends with me if he wanted her the whole time ? 
 was he that shallow in high school that he had to pick the twin that put out ? 
 it was all i could figure . 
 the thing was , i would have given him my virginity . 
 i knew it then and i would still have felt that way if i was a virgin now . 
 them being together did n't just crush me as a teenager . 
 every relationship i 'd had , i found myself comparing them to stoshua . 
 when he came over and sat down next to me on the couch , i did n't know what to do . 
 i had to focus on being ivy . 
 i looked around and thought about what she would do . 
 would she file or nails , or pounce all over his fine ass ? 
 knowing that the second choice was probably out of her idea of boundaries i could n't cross , i decided to grab the fingernail file and start concentrating on them instead of the musky scented man sitting right next to me . 
 speaking of his smell , i wanted to reach over and stick my nose right against his freshly showered skin . 
 he smelled divine . 
 he cleared his voice after flipping through the channels . 
 `` anything you want to watch ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` anything is fine . '' 
 he cocked his eyebrow and turned on a show on mtv . 
 when he sat the remote down , it took me about five minutes to realize how much i hated the show . 
 `` you said anything . '' 
 `` well , i thought you 'd want to watch something more educational . '' 
 maybe my sister had changed him . 
 he turned on some show on the national geographic channel and got comfortable . 
 after only seconds , we were both fully involved in the program . 
 i caught him giving me looks every couple of minutes . 
 at least if he figured out i was n't ivy , he would n't regret his actions too much . 
 the later the night got the closer his body ended up next to mine . 
 maybe i was inching my way toward him too . 
 i could n't help it . 
 around ten , my phone vibrated . 
 i leaned over and saw it was a text from ivy . 
 of course , it said it was from willow . 
 are you bored out of your mind yet ? 
 - i actually , stosh stayed home . 
 we had dinner and are watching tv . 
 are you dealing with things ? 
 - w i may need you to stay longer . 
 things are bad . 
 does he know it 's you ? 
 what is he up to ? 
 - i no , he does n't know . 
 what do you mean longer ? 
 i ca n't do this for long , ivy . 
 he 's going to find out . 
 what if he tries to kiss me ? 
 i ca n't sleep next to him in bed . 
 - w oh stop ! 
 stosh sleeps on the couch every night . 
 if he kisses you , just kiss him back . 
 he has to think you 're me . 
 please do whatever you have to . 
 my life depends on it . 
 - i you 're insane . 
 i 'm not kissing your husband ! 
 if you 're in trouble , you need to tell me right now ! 
 - w willow , i 'm not saying you can f ** k my husband . 
 just keep him happy . 
 i have to go now . 
 i will try to keep in touch . 
 love you . 
 - i wait ! 
 how long ? 
 - w she did n't answer . 
 `` you okay , babe ? '' 
 oh , wow , he called me babe . 
 butterflies filled my stomach and suddenly he had all of my attention . 
 `` yeah , it was just my sister . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` how is your sister ? '' 
 `` same as always . '' 
 how was i supposed to be ? 
 he played with my ponytail . 
 `` do you have plans for tomorrow ? '' 
 `` do n't you have to go away for work ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not anymore . 
 i think i want to spend the day with the woman i love . 
 is that okay with you , or did you make plans ? '' 
 this man was so sweet . 
 my sister was an idiot . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his lips kissed my chin . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to settle those butterflies again . 
 i did n't know what i was supposed to do . 
 i could n't do this . 
 i was n't the kind of person to take advantage of people . 
 she never even knew how i felt about him . 
 had she known , i would n't have been here alone with him . 
 `` i 'm getting tired . 
 maybe i should just get some sleep . '' 
 he stood up and grabbed my hand . 
 `` we can go to bed . '' 
 i looked down at the couch . 
 `` do you need me to get your blankets ? '' 
 immediately , he looked defeated . 
 `` i was thinking we could sleep together tonight . 
 i have n't been drinking , so i should n't snore . 
 besides , i was n't planning on sleeping for a while . '' 
 if it were up to me , and a perfect world , i 'd have already been naked and in his arms . 
 except my world was far from perfect . 
 he was n't mine and i just was n't willing to lose my sister completely . 
 sure , he 'd already caused a strain in our relationship , but that would end it all . 
 i was supposed to be here helping , not getting them divorced . 
 `` i just started my period . '' 
 it just blurted out of my mouth . 
 i could feel my face turning a shade of red . 
 he laughed and brought my hand up to his lips . 
 i watched him watching me . 
 `` if you do n't feel good , we can just lay together . 
 i just want to spend time with you . '' 
 as long as he knew that we were n't having sex , i could handle sleeping next to him . 
 in fact , i was looking forward to it . 
 he was secretly fulfilling a fantasy . 
 as lame as it was , sleeping next to him was like a dream . 
 it had to be enough , because it was all i was going to get . 
 i knew where my sister kept her pajamas , but unlike mine that covered my whole body , hers left little to the imagination . 
 i felt embarrassed holding up the little bit of fabric . 
 stoshua pulled off his jeans right in front of me . 
 his shirt was the next item to go . 
 i could n't help but gaze at his sculpted physique . 
 his body was even more defined than i remembered . 
 before i even knew what i was doing , i found myself licking my lips . 
 when he caught me looking , he smiled and started to approach me . 
 i grabbed a couple articles of clothing , without looking , and ran into the bathroom . 
 with my back against the door , i looked down at what i had grabbed . 
 it was just my luck that what i was holding could n't even begin to be considered clothing . 
 everything was see - through . 
 panic struck and i did n't know what to do . 
 stoshua was expecting me to join him in bed . 
 he wanted to wrap his arms around his wife and fall asleep . 
 i could n't go out there wearing my clothes and i was n't sure if i could put on any of the things that i was holding in my hand . 
 knowing that i did n't have a choice , unless i wanted to come clean about who i was , i slipped on a tiny white number and stared at my reflection in the mirror . 
 i was surprised that i actually looked decent . 
 in fact , i let my hair fall down my back and admired myself . 
 stoshua knew my sister intimately . 
 he knew every inch of her body . 
 there was no outfit that was going to make him believe that i was his wife . 
 i was scared . 
 my sister would never forgive me if i messed things up for her . 
 i had to do my best to convince him that everything was fine . 
 after taking a few more deep breaths , i opened the bathroom door and found him already tucked into bed . 
 he sat up when he saw me walking toward him . 
 `` you look so hot ! '' 
 i smiled and climbed into bed next to him . 
 this was all so wrong . 
 i knew better than to agree to something so scandalous . 
 still , i could n't help myself . 
 i was drawn to him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i got comfortable on my back , staring at the ceiling , with my hands folded across my chest . 
 being in bed with stoshua was harder than i thought it would be . 
 he was right there next to me . 
 i could have reached out and touched his chiseled chest . 
 i could have ran my hands through his dark wavy hair . 
 i could be pressing my lips against his . 
 but i did n't . 
 i remained still , just waiting for him to fall asleep . 
 `` do you love me ? '' 
 his words caught me off guard . 
 `` yes . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 after all this time , after he 'd married my sister , i was still in love with him . 
 i felt his hand running down my arm until it reached my fingertips . 
 he intertwined his with mine and just held it . 
 `` goodnight , beautiful . '' 
 stosh started to snore shortly after that comment . 
 i lay there wide awake , hearing him call me beautiful . 
 i was practically naked in bed with him . 
 we were holding hands and i was n't about to let go . 
 i had just a few days to be with him . 
 it was important to my sister that i did whatever it took . 
 i just was n't sure how far i 'd have to take things and if it came to being intimate , i did n't know if i 'd be able to say no . 
 i woke up in the middle of the night . 
 his arm was draped around me and his head was nestled into my shoulder . 
 i could n't help but take my fingers and run them through his dark hair . 
 he did n't flinch , so slowly , i reached over and kissed him right on the lips . 
 i left mine lingering over his . 
 he was warm and i wanted nothing more than to kiss him like he 'd kissed me years ago in the hallway at school . 
 i 'd spent many nights thinking about that kiss . 
 it was a good thing he did n't wake up . 
 i finally let myself fall back to sleep knowing that his body was against mine . 
 it was good that it was dark in the room , because my smile was more than obvious . 
 i did n't know what my sister had going on . 
 i had no idea where she was , or who she was with . 
 all i knew was that she 'd left me to take over her life in her absence . 
 in order to become my sister , i 'd have to become stosh 's wife . 
 for some reason , it made what i was doing worth it . 
 when i woke up the next morning , stosh was next to me with a smile on his face . 
 he ran his fingertips over my arm , giving me goose bumps . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` let 's get dressed and go to breakfast . '' 
 it was my favorite meal of the day . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i want some french toast . '' 
 he sat up in bed and grabbed his pants , before walking into the bathroom . 
 just when i thought he was getting in the shower , he peeked his head out of the door . 
 `` you going to join me , or what ? '' 
 chapter 4 i 'm bringing sexy back . 
 as much as i wanted to stand up and slowly remove my clothes , so that i could join his hot , naked body in the shower , i knew i could n't . 
 i already felt like i was stabbing my sister right in the back . 
 granted , she talked about him like he was a piece of crap and only really cared about herself , but he was still her husband . 
 he 'd made his choice and it was n't my place to come between them ; not that he would ever want me anyway . 
 i was just the old friend that he probably felt sorry for . 
 when he got out of the shower , i was already dressed and ready to leave . 
 i could n't stay in that bedroom for another minute , hoping to catch a glimpse of the water trickling down his sexy body . 
 stosh drove us to a little place that was only around the corner . 
 they served pancakes and pastries . 
 i remembered my sister eating the bavarian cremes , so i ordered one of those . 
 stosh smiled when he sat down with our food and coffee . 
 he kept smiling as he watched me eating it . 
 it was n't bad , but it was n't as good as the fresh apple critters that i knew they made . 
 i watched stosh eating one and i almost licked my lips twice . 
 `` so , i was wondering if you 'd want to go out on the boat ? '' 
 he had a boat ? 
 i 'd never known that . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 he reached over and grabbed my hands . 
 `` i just want to spend the whole day alone with you . 
 is that so bad ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , it 's really sweet . 
 i guess i just did n't think you wanted to be around me lately . 
 i , uh , i got the impression that we were n't on the same page . '' 
 what was i supposed to say ? 
 i could n't tell him that my sister had told me a whole different story . 
 he squeezed my hands and looked right at me . 
 `` the past four years have n't been easy for either of us , but i can assure you , we are definitely on the same page , babe . '' 
 every time he said something nice , i had to remind myself that he was speaking it to my sister and not me . 
 still , hearing it made me smile . 
 knowing that i was going to get to spend more time together made me even more happy . 
 `` i 'd love to go on the boat with you , stosh . '' 
 he seemed so happy as we walked back to his place . 
 for me , well , i was living a fantasy . 
 when they say absence makes the heart grow fonder , i think they meant it . 
 i was every bit in awe of this man , as i was when we were in high school . 
 i wanted to be around him , spending every second watching him smile and enjoy himself . 
 it made me happy to see him happy , even if that happiness was n't really because of me . 
 since i 'd not known about the boat , i had no idea what to expect . 
 when he started to tell me about how his dad had repaired some things , i remembered that they 'd had a nice size boat . 
 they use to take it out and spend the night on it . 
 i was going to be alone on the water with stoshua wheeler . 
 it was horrifying . 
 i had n't signed up for this . 
 as panicked as i was , i could n't just jump out of a moving vehicle to avoid the elephant in the room . 
 i had to stay focused and remember that i was ivy , not willow . 
 `` so , i 'm sorry if i 've been kind of distant lately . '' 
 `` lately ? 
 try the whole time since the wedding . '' 
 i wondered what he meant . 
 `` surely , i have n't been that awful to be around . 
 have i ? '' 
 he did n't answer as we pulled into the marina , but i wanted to know what he would have said . 
 his parents boat was nice . 
 it was n't huge , but it was n't small either . 
 when you went down underneath , it had a galley kitchen , with a table . 
 a compact bathroom followed and then there was one bedroom . 
 after looking around , i leaned back on the bed and saw him looking at me . 
 `` did you bring me here to seduce me , mr. wheeler ? '' 
 he took one step forward , but stopped . 
 `` what if i did ? '' 
 i was at a loss for words . 
 what would ivy say ? 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 yeah , i changed the subject . 
 after i 'd sampled his kissing , i knew talking about sex was going to cause me to crumble at his feet . 
 i had to keep my composure . 
 stosh made us a picnic top - side and we sat on the boat floor facing each other . 
 he leaned over and fed me a grape . 
 `` you look so beautiful , sitting there across from me . '' 
 i could feel myself blushing . 
 `` maybe it 's the new haircut . '' 
 `` no , you could be bald and still be as beautiful . 
 it 's not the hair , i can assure you . '' 
 i think i saw him blush before he bit down into a sandwich . 
 `` so , should i be worried you 're going to throw me overboard in the middle of the night and leave me to the sharks ? '' 
 `` babe , there 's no sharks in this river . 
 you know i 'd never hurt you like that anyway . 
 i love you . '' 
 as much as i liked the way it sounded coming from his mouth , i felt repulsed . 
 he should have loved me . 
 this should be my life and not hers . 
 my next sentence escaped without me being able to rationalize it away . 
 `` what ever happened between you and willow ? '' 
 he shook his head and started laughing . 
 `` i 'm not going to discuss that with you , babe . 
 not here . 
 not now . '' 
 he leaned over and tried to kiss me , but i instinctively pulled away . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i just feel like i want you to answer . '' 
 `` after all this time ? 
 what does it matter ? 
 why do you even care ? '' 
 he seemed like he was getting annoyed . 
 `` never mind . 
 you 're right . 
 it is n't important . '' 
 yes it was ! 
 we finished eating in silence and he got up to start the boat 's engines . 
 i felt relieved that the conversation was over , but scared that we were going out into the open water alone . 
 do n't get me wrong , if i died at any second , i 'd die a happy girl . 
 he was here with me and not ivy . 
 temporary or not , he was mine . 
 here was the biggest problem with pretending to be my sister . 
 i envied her life so much , that i was starting to consider what it would be like to take it for myself . 
 i wanted to know what it would feel like to touch his naked skin , to lay naked in bed next to him and to make love with him . 
 maybe my time away had changed me from a caring person to the devil himself . 
 at any rate , the more i thought about walking away , the more i wanted to stay . 
 we spent the day heading out to sea . 
 it was n't hard considering we lived right outside of middletown delaware . 
 we were practically surrounded by bodies of water . 
 it took us about two hours to get to the mouth of the chesapeake bay . 
 large cruise ships and shipping freighters shared the water with us . 
 we spent the day fishing and bathing in the warm sun . 
 it was the perfect day , and as the sun started to set , he wrapped us up in a blanket and watched it go down with me in his arms . 
 how could i not be in love with this man ? 
 he was damn near perfect . 
 did i feel bad for pretending to be my sister ? 
 i was starting not to . 
 `` this is amazing . 
 thank you for bringing me out here . '' 
 `` i used to like it when we hung around and watched movies all day . 
 things were easier back then . 
 there was no work and no drama . 
 now , i go to work and come home . 
 my days are busy and i spend my nights trying to forget about my days . 
 after a while the monotony drives you insane . 
 i tell you , i just need a damn break from it all . 
 i want to do something different than what i 'm doing . 
 i do n't want to rent a pool house for the rest of my life . 
 i want a house full of kids and to be able to coach them in sports and take them to disney world . '' 
 i heard everything he said , but only one sentence stuck in my head . 
 i remembered watching movies with him . 
 it hurt to think that my sister took that spot next to him on the couch . 
 she 'd taken everything we ever did and made their memories better . 
 i was always pushed to the side , with everything i tried to do . 
 maybe that was why i took the academic route . 
 it was the only thing she had no interest in . 
 i could n't blame her for falling for stoshua . 
 he was an all around amazing guy . 
 he was into sports , but equally into academics . 
 he was brilliant and gorgeous . 
 i could n't have been the only one to notice . 
 should n't i be glad that he was somehow always going to be in my life ? 
 had i wasted so many years of being a part of their lives over something that was just an adolescent action ? 
 i looked over at stosh . 
 he took his arm and pulled me closer . 
 we stared into each other 's eyes . 
 as much as i wanted to be the better person , i could n't imagine not having him for myself . 
 in one selfish move , i leaned up to his mouth and kissed those perfect lips . 
 while our physical contact became downright involved , i had not one single regret . 
 in fact , my sister never even crossed my mind . 
 after several minutes of tasting every inch of his tongue , i pulled away . 
 we kept looking at each other . 
 it was so intense . 
 `` i love kissing you . 
 i love everything about you . 
 i know you want to walk away from this . 
 you think i do n't want you , but you 're wrong . 
 i want you , babe . 
 you 're all i want . '' 
 it was too much to hear . 
 i 'd switched back to ivy and realized that he was talking to her . 
 he was so in love with her that this was an attempt to get them to reconnect . 
 i was giving him false hope at reconnecting with his wife . 
 it was wrong on so many levels and it made me feel like shit inside . 
 i got up , out of his arms . 
 `` i need to use the bathroom . 
 be right back ! '' 
 i hurried into the small bathroom and buried my face into my hands . 
 the tears were falling and i did n't know what to do . 
 ivy was my only sister . 
 i could n't do this to her . 
 even if she did n't want to work things out with him . 
 i could never be with him . 
 it would never work . 
 knocking caught me off guard . 
 `` babe , are you alright ? '' 
 i wiped the remaining tears off of my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just needed to freshen up . '' 
 `` i 'm going to start cooking the chicken . 
 you sure you 're alright ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll be out in a second . '' 
 i leaned over and washed my face , before looking at myself in the mirror . 
 i had to decide whether to be ivy or my self . 
 without questioning my sanity , i grabbed my phone out of my pocket and dialed my sister . 
 it went right to voicemail . 
 i called back again and this time she answered . 
 hello ? 
 hey , it 's me . 
 listen , things are getting intense and i do n't know what to do . 
 he brought me on his parent 's boat to try and work things out with you . 
 what am i supposed to do now ? 
 great . 
 i ca n't believe it has taken him this long to admit what he wants . 
 ivy , can you please just help me here ? 
 oh yeah , sorry . 
 i guess you 're going to have to keep him happy . 
 what are you implying ? 
 for christ sakes willow , i told you to do whatever you have to . 
 look , stosh and i are n't exactly on the same page . 
 what are you saying ? 
 you 're a grown woman . 
 figure it out ! 
 please do n't call me unless it 's an emergency . 
 got ta run ! 
 i found stosh standing over the stove . 
 he was preparing a nice salad in a large wooden bowl . 
 he heard me walking up behind him and he leaned back to kiss me on the cheek . 
 `` there you are . 
 i thought you got lost . '' 
 i tried to smile . 
 `` i knew where i was . '' 
 we both laughed . 
 `` would you mind setting two places and pouring us a glass of wine ? '' 
 i opened the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of red wine . 
 it was weird how my sister liked the same brands as me . 
 we 'd always been that way . 
 i 'd once saw a picture of her on facebook and she was wearing a jacket that i had just bought . 
 since we did n't even live in the same state , i knew she 'd gotten in online . 
 once the table was set , i handed stosh his glass and he tapped it against mine . 
 `` to us . '' 
 i smiled and thought about what that meant . 
 `` to us ! '' 
 the night was still young and the elephant in the room was getting restless . 
 i kept seeing that saying in my mind ` the truth will set you free ' . 
 it was n't setting me free . 
 it was making me go crazy . 
 chapter 5 sexual chocolate and rainbows and sunshine . 
 after eating dinner , and finishing off two bottles of wine , we were both feeling the effects . 
 i was n't belligerent . 
 in fact , i knew exactly what i was doing . 
 things were just way more relaxed . 
 it was a good thing that i 'd never ran out of things to talk about with stoshua . 
 to keep up with the charade , i sat across from him , discussing the economy and what it would be like to live in another country . 
 i felt comfortable , like nothing was going to happen to jeopardize anyone 's relationship . 
 that was until he brought out a bag of chocolate covered strawberries . 
 `` look what i found in the refrigerator . '' 
 he smiled , so big that creases on either sides of his cheeks looked like dimples . 
 `` i think you put them there . '' 
 i grabbed the bag and read that they had been soaked in liquor , before being dipped in chocolate . 
 my eyes got big as i looked up at him . 
 he put his arms up surrendering . 
 `` maybe i did . '' 
 he grabbed the bag and pulled one out , taking a bite , before putting it up to my lips and waiting for me to respond . 
 the way he watched me was so intense . 
 i never took my eyes off of him as he fed me . 
 he licked his lips , so i licked mine . 
 his face got closer , but our eyes never closed . 
 i felt his mouth touching mine . 
 my eyes closed and he swept me away with his erotic kisses . 
 i felt his hand grabbing the back of my head , so i grabbed his . 
 our tongues stroked and mingled together . 
 our warm , wet kisses were just the beginning . 
 his hands went right for my tank top and i did n't stop him . 
 i needed to feel them on my skin . 
 i felt him sliding them up to my ribs and right under my bra . 
 he pulled his lips away from mine , but only to start kissing over my neck . 
 i put my head to the side so i could feel his lips working their way over every part of it . 
 i grabbed his shirt and balled the fabric into my fist . 
 the more i tugged , the higher his shirt lifted . 
 with little effort , he pulled on it from behind , in between kisses , and removed it over his head . 
 i paused for a moment and looked at his chest . 
 a little patch of hair sat at the top . 
 i ran two fingers over it , learning how he 'd turned from a teenager to a grown man . 
 he was n't just sexy , he was tantalizing . 
 i was on fire for this man . 
 he looked into my eyes as he grabbed the edge of my shirt . 
 moving as slow as possible , he lifted the tank over my head . 
 i did n't feel shy or embarrassed . 
 all i felt were the butterflies fluttering inside of me . 
 i 'd waited and wanted . 
 this was my chance . 
 i stood up and unhooked my bra , twirling it around in between my fingers . 
 he leaned back , but went right for the button to my shorts . 
 i took a step closer , so he did n't have to reach so far . 
 he pulled both my shorts and my underwear down to my hips and pulled me close enough so that he could kiss me there . 
 i watched his lips trail from one hip , across my abdomen , then to the next hip . 
 i could feel the tingles all the way up to my ni ** les . 
 in fact , they hardened immediately . 
 i bit down on my lips and watched him tug them down another couple of inches . 
 thank god i 'd shaved everything when i grabbed a quick shower before we left . 
 that would have been so embarrassing . 
 it was n't like i 'd had anyone to impress . 
 it did n't look like i was an amazon woman , but it was still in need of attention . 
 my bottoms were just at the base of my pu ** y. his tongue licked the skin right above it . 
 i ran my hands through his dark hair and threw my head back . 
 i had n't been touched like this in a long time . 
 actually , i do n't know if anything had ever felt this way before . 
 this was different . 
 this was stoshua . 
 he pulled my bottoms off of me , allowing me to step out of them , then he pulled me back down to kneel in front of him . 
 he pushed the hair away from my face . 
 `` so beautiful . '' 
 i was completely naked in front of him , feeling warm and free from the alcohol . 
 he grabbed another strawberry and took a bite before feeding me the rest . 
 our next kiss tasted of fruit , but was even deeper than the first . 
 `` tell me you want me . '' 
 he requested . 
 i did want him . 
 i wanted him more than i 'd ever wanted anything in my life . 
 `` i do . '' 
 he took my hand and ran it over his trunks . 
 `` feel how much i want you . '' 
 he only had to move my hand across it once , before i slid it down the front of his shorts . 
 he was so warm , so smooth , so hard . 
 i gasped as i got my hand around his girth . 
 he groaned when i began to massage it with one hand . 
 i licked my lips again , salivating at just the idea of having it in my mouth . 
 i was n't promiscuous , but i wanted this man . 
 i wanted to feel his smooth shaft against my lips as i took him into my mouth . 
 i needed to have him . 
 i wanted him inside of me . 
 his head leaned close to my ear . 
 he kissed it before speaking . 
 `` i 'm so in love with you . '' 
 then i just froze . 
 i was kneeled in front of him , with my hand down his pants and all i could think about was him being married to my sister . 
 they 'd said vows . 
 he was in love with her . 
 this whole day was about them working things out . 
 what kind of person was i ? 
 i stood up and grabbed my clothes , covering myself with them , the best i could . 
 `` oh god ! 
 i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` babe , wait ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` stosh , i 'm so sorry . 
 i never meant for it to go this far . 
 i swear . '' 
 he tried to grab my arm , as i began putting on my clothes . 
 i was already crying , desperately trying to figure out how i was going to explain myself to ivy . 
 i was supposed to be keeping everything in order while she was gone , not seducing my way into her husband 's heart , making him think i was her . 
 i hated myself . 
 `` can you just hold on a minute . 
 we 're on a boat . '' 
 `` you need to take me back to shore , stosh . 
 trust me , this was a huge mistake . '' 
 when i had my shorts up and my bra hooked , he spun me around and held my arms with both hands . 
 `` is this because i said i loved you ? '' 
 i shook my head , but continued to cry . 
 `` you 're never going to forgive me for this . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm an awful person . '' 
 i pulled out of his hold and started to go down toward the galley . 
 i just wanted to lock myself in the bathroom until we were back . 
 `` willow , wait ! '' 
 i froze , halfway inside and yet still topside . 
 i said nothing , thinking i just imagined it . 
 i could feel him standing right behind me . 
 `` please do n't walk away from me . '' 
 he sounded like he was about to bawl . 
 i turned slowly , looking him right in the eyes . 
 he was breathing heavy and his eyes were intensely staring right at me . 
 `` i meant everything i said . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i took one step back . 
 he took one step forward . 
 `` you think i ca n't tell the difference between you and ivy ? 
 i 've been in love with you since the first day i saw you . 
 the two of you may be identical , but there 's nothing about you that 's the same to me . '' 
 i just kept looking at him . 
 i felt like i was in the twilight zone . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` since i walked into a clean house . '' 
 he took one step closer . 
 `` since you cooked me the best home cooked meal that i 've had in years . '' 
 he took another step closer . 
 `` since you sat there watching a channel that your sister ca n't stand . '' 
 he took one hand and ran it down my arm . 
 `` since you put ranch on your steak . '' 
 he brought my hand up to his lips . 
 `` since you ordered that doughnut , when you wanted my fritter . '' 
 `` you were testing me ? '' 
 for just a second , i felt played . 
 sure , i was pretending to be someone else the whole time , but it still rubbed me the wrong way . 
 `` why did you let me keep acting like her ? '' 
 `` would you have spent time with me , if you knew i knew ? 
 would you have let me kiss you ? '' 
 that tingly feeling overwhelmed me again . 
 i thought about all of the places that his lips had been . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 `` willow , more than anything , i knew it was you the first time i kissed you yesterday . 
 nobody has ever kissed me like that , except you , in the hallway when we were in high school . 
 i know you remember it . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i had to sit down , because i was feeling like i was going to pass out . 
 `` please tell me what 's going on . 
 you 're married to my sister . 
 i ca n't be with you , stoshua . '' 
 `` you want to though , right ? 
 you want to be with me ? '' 
 i wanted to answer him , but this was wrong in so many more ways than me just pretending to be ivy . 
 he had n't even asked about his wife . 
 `` do you know where ivy is ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 he sat down beside me and leaned in , like he was going to kiss me . 
 i pushed him away . 
 `` i care ! '' 
 he laughed at me . 
 `` will , you 've been gone for four years . 
 your sister has n't changed a damn bit . 
 she 's a manipulative bitch . 
 did you think you were really here to help her ? '' 
 `` she said she needed my help . 
 she said she was desperate . '' 
 now i really wanted to know why she 'd asked me to come . 
 what was he not telling me ? 
 `` she needs help , but it is n't something you can do . 
 that bitch is mental . 
 she thinks she can control people like they 're her puppets . '' 
 i could hear the hate in his voice . 
 `` stop saying that ! 
 she 's your wife . 
 you loved her and you married her . 
 i know it , because i was there ! '' 
 i pointed right at him . 
 `` i wo n't let you say these lies about her . '' 
 he shook his head and looked away . 
 `` i should have known you 'd act this way . '' 
 he got up and walked away . 
 i sat there in the pale moonlight and tried to gather my thoughts . 
 i thought about all the things that he 'd been saying since we 'd been together . 
 he was talking to me the whole time . 
 for so many years , all i wanted was to be his . 
 none of this made sense . 
 it was too much to take . 
 i felt like i was in the middle of a web of lies . 
 i found stosh sitting on a cushioned bench at the bow of the boat . 
 he had a bottle of liquor in his hand and was looking out at the water . 
 he did n't even look my way as i approached him . 
 `` if you came over here to bitch me out , save it ! 
 i 'm not in the mood , will . 
 i can say i 'm sorry a million times , but you 're never going to believe me . 
 i know i f ** ked up . '' 
 he took the bottle and threw it out as far as he could , then put his hands over his head and looked down . 
 what was i supposed to say when i had no idea what was going on ? 
 i wanted to know the truth . 
 i wanted to know where my sister was and why she 'd asked me to come . 
 how did he know me so well ? 
 why did he do all of those tests ? 
 why did he say all of those things ? 
 why did he say he loved me ? 
 `` i think you need to tell me everything . '' 
 he looked back at me and i could see the pain in his eyes . 
 `` why ? 
 it wo n't change anything . 
 i 'm married to your sister remember ? 
 i 'm a f ** king horrible person ! '' 
 `` i never said that ! '' 
 i reached for him , but he pulled away . 
 `` you did n't have to say it , will . 
 i can see it in your eyes . '' 
 i threw my hands up . 
 `` i do n't get you . 
 you played me for the last twenty four hours . 
 you knew it was me , but let me think i was ... '' `` you were ivy . 
 yeah , i did that . 
 it was only so i could spend time with you . 
 i knew you would n't stay if i told you . 
 i knew you would n't be here with me right now . 
 you 're too good of a person , too good of a sister to be with me . 
 i get it , okay ! '' 
 he stood up and started walking away from me , leaving me standing in the same place without any explanation of what was really going on . 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` you do n't get to do this ! 
 you do n't get to be mad at me , stoshua . 
 i came all this way to help my sister , not be caught up in some game that the two of you are playing . '' 
 i was getting angrier by the second . 
 `` this is n't a game ! 
 not anymore ! '' 
 chapter 6 dirty little secrets and liars unite . 
 he was n't going to let me walk this time . 
 i knew it because he grabbed me by the arm and made me look at him . 
 i was so hurt and confused . 
 there could n't be a reason that i would be able to forgive him . 
 he 'd purposely betrayed my sister and so had i. i felt wretched inside . 
 `` will , i swear that i 've thought about you , every minute of every day . 
 i know you do n't believe that , but it 's the truth . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this is n't happening . 
 you picked her , stosh ! 
 you picked my sister . 
 i was right there , waiting for you to want me . 
 your decision crushed me . 
 i left because of it . 
 i left because of you ! '' 
 i knew my words were hurtful , but it was the honest truth . 
 i did n't get how he was going to stand there professing his love for me when i 'd watched him choose my sister . 
 his put his hands up . 
 `` this is so f ** ked up ! '' 
 `` yeah , it is . '' 
 i wiped my tears away . 
 `` please , just take me home . '' 
 he scrunched up his face and nodded . 
 `` if that 's what you want . '' 
 i refused to look his way . 
 `` it is ! '' 
 a couple minutes later , i heard the anchor being pulled up . 
 he was cussing under his breath as he walked over and started the engine . 
 my body was profusely shaking and i had no idea what had just taken place . 
 i was n't sure whether to drink more wine , or crawl in a ball and cry . 
 i was a wreck . 
 it was so dark out on the water and after about thirty minutes , we got to an area where there were no other boats . 
 i was randomly watching out the small window . 
 i saw him coming underneath , even before he spoke . 
 `` will , i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't take you back without you hearing me out . '' 
 he sat down across from me and put his hands on his knees . 
 `` what could you possibly say to make any of this better . 
 i almost slept with you . 
 do you have any idea how bad that could have been ? '' 
 he let out an air filled laugh and scratched his head . 
 `` actually , i think it would have been epic . '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 my god , i ca n't believe that i 've been in love with such a douche for all these years . '' 
 my eyes went right to him , as we both realized what i had said . 
 `` so you admit it ? '' 
 i threw my hands up . 
 `` it is n't like it was a big secret . '' 
 `` bullshit ! 
 that 's where this whole thing began . 
 if you would have been honest about it , we would n't be sitting here arguing . '' 
 i was getting angrier by the second . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 where would we be ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess married , with a couple of kids . 
 or maybe we 'd be graduating college together . 
 you know i never wanted to be a part of my father 's business . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` the part about the business ? '' 
 i shook my head again . 
 `` no , the other thing . '' 
 `` i said we 'd be together . 
 you 'd be my wife , because that 's how it always should have been . 
 it 's always been you , willow . '' 
 i do n't know whether the moment was just too intense , or his words melted my heart , but i threw myself at him . 
 my arms flew around his neck and i just hugged him as tight as i could . 
 i could n't control the tears that were falling down my face and i do n't think i even cared . 
 when i felt stosh 's arms wrapping around me , i knew he was telling me the truth . 
 he grabbed my face and held both hands on my cheeks . 
 `` i ca n't imagine what you must be thinking , but i can assure you that i did n't know . 
 i did n't know how you felt about me , not until recently . '' 
 i pulled away . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he touched my lips with his fingertips . 
 a single tear fell down on his cheek . 
 `` please kiss me . 
 even if you hate me , right now . 
 i just need to feel your lips on mine , one more time . '' 
 i leaned in slowly and let my lips touch his . 
 i held them there , letting the room fill with emotions . 
 `` talk to me . '' 
 he grabbed both of my hands and looked down at them . 
 `` i really did fall for you that first day we met . 
 there was just something about you . 
 i mean , you were the whole package . 
 you were beautiful and brilliant . 
 you knew what you wanted in life and i admired that nothing could stop you from getting it . '' 
 i was blushing , hearing him put me on a pedestal . 
 `` i appreciate that you noticed me . 
 nobody ever noticed me . '' 
 `` are you kidding , will ? 
 everyone noticed you . 
 they were just too afraid to approach you because you were so out of their league . '' 
 `` yeah right . '' 
 they thought i was a nerd . 
 `` okay . 
 you were n't the one who had to hear about it every time i went into the locker room . 
 i think the whole football team wanted to nail you . '' 
 he rolled his eyes , like hearing it annoyed him . 
 `` yeah right . 
 they made fun of me . '' 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 `` who do you think . '' 
 ivy told me everything . 
 we were best friends . 
 we talked about everything . 
 `` yeah , well you can add that to the list of lies . '' 
 he started picking up and putting the leftovers away in the refrigerator . 
 i walked over and stuck a plate in the sink . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he turned around and wiped his hands off on a dish cloth . 
 `` your sister is a liar , willow . 
 if you knew the web she 's spun , you 'd never be taking up for her . '' 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` you 're just saying that . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 sit down and i 'll give you a hundred reasons . '' 
 he was scaring me . 
 surely he could n't have a hundred reasons for me to hate my sister . 
 he had to be the liar . 
 `` no ! 
 she would n't . 
 ivy 's a lot of things , but she 's not a liar ! '' 
 `` wake up , willow ! 
 she 's the f ** king devil ! '' 
 he picked up a plate and slammed it down so hard it shattered inside of the sink . 
 then he held on to the edge of the countertop like he was trying to control his anger . 
 i tried to touch his shoulder , but he pulled away . 
 `` obviously , she 's done something to anger you . '' 
 `` that 's not even the half of it . '' 
 he turned around and looked at me , but did n't touch me . 
 `` i could tell you what i know . 
 i 'm sure there 's more . 
 hell , i just found out about some of it this past week . '' 
 he grabbed a beer out of the refrigerator and handed me one . 
 `` i do n't know if you like beer . 
 i should , but that was taken away from me too . '' 
 he walked back up top - side . 
 i followed close behind him . 
 as much as i was confused and angry , i was also curious . 
 if my sister was lying , i deserved to know . 
 i had to be there to take up for her when he tried to drag her in the mud behind her back . 
 we sat down across from each other . 
 he drank half of his beer while never taking his eyes off of me . 
 i played with my bottle , peeling the wrapper off . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 he started laughing . 
 `` have you ever felt sorry for someone , so much that you want to be the one to help them ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , i guess . 
 i mean , i do save my sister whenever she calls . '' 
 he made a sound and shook his head . 
 `` not after tonight . '' 
 he took another drink . 
 `` everything changes tonight ! '' 
 i cocked my eyebrow . 
 `` are you going to explain why you think that ? '' 
 `` do you remember when you saw me with your sister before prom ? '' 
 when he shattered my heart ? 
 yeah , i remembered it in detail . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` she told you we were going together . 
 i never asked her to go with me , willow . 
 i gave her a letter that i wrote for you . 
 i wanted to ask you to prom , but i could n't find the words . 
 you were so determined to stay focused on school . 
 you never talked about prom or any other dance . 
 so , when your sister laughed in my face and read the note in front of me , i felt like a fool . 
 she said you told her that i 'd never be anything more than a friend . 
 she said you were n't attracted to me and that i did n't have a chance with someone like you . 
 she said you did n't like jocks and that dating was the last thing on your mind . '' 
 i started shaking my head . 
 a new set of tears filled my eyes . 
 `` she would n't ! 
 i mean , i did n't tell her i liked you , but i did n't want her to know . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why what ? '' 
 `` tell me why you did n't want her to know . 
 better yet , let me tell you why i think you did n't tell her . 
 i think you were afraid to tell her because she always had to have what you had . 
 i think you were afraid she 'd try to take me for herself . '' 
 what a douche . 
 `` do you hear yourself ? 
 you 're making it sound like you are royalty . '' 
 `` would you just listen ? '' 
 he sat his beer down and grabbed my hands again . 
 i started to pull away , but he held them tighter . 
 `` you know i 'm right . 
 trust me , i 've lived with her for four years . 
 all she does is take what she wants . '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` fine . 
 say that was the reason . 
 it still does n't explain why she would do that . 
 she did n't even know . '' 
 `` i thought about her motives , too . 
 i guess she could have had two reasons . 
 she could have just wanted to sabotage your chance of happiness before you could have it , or , maybe she knew how you felt without telling her . 
 i think she did it to spite you . '' 
 i stood up , pulling my hands away from him . 
 `` you 're an ass ** le ! '' 
 he chased me to the front of the boat . 
 when i was cornered , i had to turn around . 
 `` take me home or i swear i will jump and start swimming . '' 
 he just stood there . 
 `` you would n't ! '' 
 i climbed up and steadied myself to take the leap . 
 i was so angry at him for accusing her . 
 i could n't see his sincerity . 
 all i saw was him trying to swoon me into believing she could be so evil . 
 i felt him grab me and throw me over his shoulder . 
 i kicked and screamed , but he refused to let me down . 
 once we were in the bedroom , he tossed me down onto the bed and climbed on top of me . 
 he was intent and i was afraid . 
 i 'd never seen him look the way he was . 
 he grabbed my arms and put them above my head . 
 he straddled me with his heavy body . 
 i could n't move . 
 `` let go of me , stosh . 
 you 're scaring me ! '' 
 `` i do n't have a choice . 
 you wo n't listen . 
 why ca n't you just hear me out , will ? '' 
 i realized he was n't going to get up unless i agreed to listen to him . 
 i did n't think he was going to physically hurt me , but i was a little concerned about his motives . 
 `` i 'll listen . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed me , holding his lips over mine . 
 i turned to the side to break away . 
 i hated that he was in total control . 
 it was like he brought me here to take advantage of me . 
 i was alone and nobody could help me . 
 was this the same man that i had always been in love with ? 
 was he capable of being someone else ? 
 maybe my sister was running from him . 
 `` i never agreed to go to prom with your sister until she started crying , saying that she did n't have a date . 
 she said we should go as friends . 
 she told me it would make you jealous and make you want me . 
 my stupid ass believed her . 
 i was willing to pretend to be with her , if i had a chance to be with you . '' 
 he finally sat up and stopped holding me . 
 i did n't try to move away from him , though . 
 `` that kiss outside of biology ? '' 
 `` i knew it was you the whole time . '' 
 the butterflies were back . 
 unless he was really a twisted person , his story was making complete sense . 
 i 'd always wondered why he 'd kissed me . 
 it was n't to put on a show for the teachers . 
 he wanted a chance to kiss me , not ivy . 
 `` that 's why she was n't mad when i told her ? '' 
 `` now you 're catching on . '' 
 he smiled , like he had finally made some ground . 
 `` it does n't explain how she ended up pregnant . 
 obviously you liked her enough to sleep with her on prom night . '' 
 saying it out loud was like a nail being slammed into my beating heart . 
 he scratched his head . 
 `` willow , i do n't remember that night . 
 i remember being at the dance and us being invited to the party . 
 i hated being there with her , so i started drinking heavily . 
 the next thing i know , it was morning and she was asleep next to me with no clothes on . 
 i felt horrible for what i 'd done . 
 i swear to god that i never wanted to be with her . '' 
 he started to laugh a little , which was weird , considering we were talking about something so serious . 
 `` it turns out , that i never did . 
 she staged the whole thing as another notch in her ultimate betrayal . '' 
 even i started to laugh . 
 `` is this some comic ? 
 ultimate betrayal ? 
 i can believe that she did the first things , but this is going a little too far . 
 are you trying to get me to forgive you or something ? '' 
 he got up off the bed and paced . 
 `` i knew it would be too hard for you to understand . 
 i did n't want to have to show you this . 
 it 's going to hurt and i do n't want you to feel that way . '' 
 he pulled out a little brown book . 
 i recognized it immediately , because i 'd gotten the same one as her one christmas . 
 `` she did n't ? '' 
 he slid it over toward me on the bed and sat down on the edge . 
 `` willow , i have never lied to you . 
 i meant what i said earlier . 
 i 've never stopped loving you . 
 i ca n't change the past four years . 
 i am responsible for those years . 
 had i have known what was really going on , i never would have let it happen . 
 i never would have married her and promised to take care of a child . 
 i would have spent every single second doing whatever i had to do to make you fall in love with me . 
 it was all i wanted . 
 it 's all i still want . '' 
 he kissed me on the top of my head and stood up . 
 `` you 're going to be reading for a while , so i 'll be outside when you 're ready to talk . 
 please keep in mind that i was also a victim in all of this . 
 i hope you do n't hate me too much . 
 i 'd at least want to be your friend , if that 's all i can be . 
 i 've missed you like a fat guy misses a hamburger . '' 
 i started to laugh . 
 `` i missed you , too . '' 
 he walked away , leaving me staring at the book . 
 i traced ivy 's name on the front and the words ` keep out ' . 
 obviously , stosh wanted me to read it . 
 it felt wrong , but i had to know the truth , no matter what it was . 
 i took a deep breath and opened it to the first page . 
 chapter 7 back stabbing bitch . 
 we got the little books when we were fourteen , so the first couple pages were her complaining about her hair and talking about crushes she had . 
 it was n't until i got halfway in when things became apparent . 
 jan 26th once again my parents praised willow for her perfect report card . 
 do they even pay attention to me at all ? 
 i kept my room clean for the whole month and they never even walked inside . 
 of course , little mrs. perfect got to go out to a fancy dinner at the country club with dad for getting straight a 's . 
 ca n't they see that i need help with my school work ? 
 i guess they only need one child to make them proud . 
 feb 10th my sister is so oblivious to life . 
 she hides behind those books , like she 's too good for everyone else . 
 now she 's all up in that new guy 's ass . 
 they make me sick , smiling at each other the way they do . 
 it 's so damn obvious they want each other . 
 if that dude thinks the virgin mary is going to give it up , he 's going to have a shriveled up dick while waiting . 
 pathetic . 
 that 's what they are !!! 
 i was already crying after reading just those two . 
 i could n't believe she was saying those things about me and then acting like we were best friends . 
 april 15th shoot me now ! 
 i hooked up with someone at a party and i ca n't remember which guy it was . 
 randy is hotter , but ben is built better . 
 i would n't want to date either of them exclusively . 
 shoot me now !! 
 why does this always happen to me ? 
 i did n't even drink a lot . 
 maybe i should n't have taken the ecstasy . 
 my period is due in two weeks . 
 hopefully i get it and this nightmare will be over with . 
 my parents will kill me if i get pregnant . 
 they offered to get my sister an apartment at college , but have n't offered me shit . 
 i ca n't wait to get out of this hell hole . 
 i will find a way . 
 april 27th i have got to figure out how to get away from this cesspool of ass ** les . 
 it 's exhausting trying to pretend that i give a damn . 
 now i know why kids scheme to kill their parents . 
 i 'd do it myself if i was n't scared that they 've left everything to willow . 
 it 's apparent who their favorite is , so clearly they 'd leave me on the street . 
 the sad part is that willow would feel sorry for me and share . 
 why does she have to be so pathetically sweet ? 
 ugh ! 
 i hate her so much ! 
 may 20th i am so sick of hearing about my sister getting into her dream college . 
 gag me please . 
 the worst part is that she does n't know if she wants to go . 
 she says she does n't want to leave me . 
 i just want her gone ! 
 i am so sick of living in her shadow . 
 i want my own life . 
 may 22nd something amazing happened today . 
 willow wo n't know what hit her . 
 i 'm going to get that little bitch for everything she 's ever taken from me . 
 when i 'm done with her she 'll leave and never come back . 
 the best part was that i did n't even have to look for it . 
 it came looking for me . 
 may 23rd can this guy be anymore lame ? 
 i mean , who wants a guy that acts like an old man . 
 he actually opened the door for me . 
 we are n't even really dating . 
 he thinks i am letting him date me to make my sister jealous and like him . 
 what an idiot . 
 i will never forget the look on her face when we told her we were going to prom . 
 she looked like she was going to throw up . 
 i hope she did . 
 she deserves it . 
 i wish she did n't exist . 
 she gave me some excuse for not wanting to go to prom , like she was too good to be acting like a teenager . 
 gag me ! 
 i hate her so much . 
 may24th hearing my sister cry herself to sleep , never gets old . 
 that 's what she gets for making me cry myself to sleep for years . 
 she does n't know what it 's like to hear her own parents saying that she 'd never amount to anything . 
 she 's so upset over this guy . 
 soon , she will pack her shit and leave . 
 my plan could n't have worked out better . 
 only a few more little details and i 'll be waving goodbye to that bitch once and for all . 
 i slammed the book shut and began to bawl . 
 everything i ever knew about my sister had been a lie . 
 she 'd set me up and watched me fall . 
 i 'd never felt so much hatred in my entire life . 
 stosh must have heard me . 
 he came running in and wrapped me in his arms . 
 `` willow , i 'm so sorry , babe . 
 god , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 he rocked me back and forth as i let out all of the pain and frustration . 
 i felt like i 'd been abandoned . 
 everything that i ever thought was true had been a lie . 
 `` how could she do this to me ? 
 what did i ever do to deserve this ? '' 
 i could barely talk , but somehow he understood me . 
 `` i asked myself the same thing . '' 
 there was nothing he could say that would help . 
 he just held me and let me cry . 
 we 'd both been betrayed by my sister . 
 she 'd cost us our future together and we did n't even know it . 
 i could n't believe that i knew someone that was that vindictive . 
 a little while later , after i 'd cried so many tears that i did n't think i had any left , stoshua got up and got me a drink . 
 i sipped the water slowly , feeling like i was going to throw up . 
 `` you 're going to be okay . '' 
 he tried to assure me . 
 `` i appreciate that you think that , but everything that i 've ever known about my sister has been a lie . 
 i shared everything with her and she pretended to care . 
 i should have known . 
 i should have done something . 
 she blames me for everything . '' 
 i looked over at the diary . 
 he saw what i was doing . 
 `` how far did you get ? '' 
 `` the night before prom . '' 
 it was hard to talk about it , without getting choked up . 
 a couple more sobs escaped . 
 `` you do n't have to read anymore tonight . '' 
 he grabbed my hand . 
 `` why did n't you tell me about this when you found out ? '' 
 he should have called . 
 he should have told me right away . 
 `` i guess i did n't want to try to explain on the phone . 
 you would n't have believed me anyway . 
 besides ... , '' he pulled my hand up to his lips and placed small kisses over my knuckles , `` i think it worked out better anyway . 
 you 're here , with me . 
 this is where you belong . '' 
 as much as i wanted to know more , it was finally sinking in that we 'd been kept apart . 
 i was tired of hurting and i knew one thing that would take my mind away from all the pain . 
 i looked up into his eyes , while he kept kissing my hand . 
 `` make love to me , stosh . '' 
 he stopped kissing my hand and slowly sat it back down on the bed . 
 we stared at each other for a few seconds . 
 `` what about the diary ? '' 
 i grabbed the book and tossed it across the room . 
 `` what diary ? '' 
 i pulled my shirt over my head and watched him do the same . 
 it had only been a couple hours ago that he had me naked . 
 i wanted to be that way again . 
 this time , we did n't take our time . 
 i 'd waited close to five years to feel his naked body against mine . 
 nothing was going to keep us from being together . 
 clothes flew around the room as they were ripped off of our bodies . 
 our kissing intensified the more naked we became . 
 we rolled around the bed , like we were wresting . 
 his sculpted body felt smooth under the palms of my hands . 
 his ass was a masterpiece to hold . 
 it was both muscular and soft at the same time . 
 the more i touched , the less i needed to know . 
 i was memorizing every inch of his body like it was a textbook . 
 he held my hair back with his hand and pulled me forward . 
 i fell on the bed on top of him , while never taking a break from his hot kisses . 
 his tongue was like a drug . 
 the more it teased me the more i craved . 
 i could n't get enough of him touching me , watching me , seducing me . 
 he let go of my hair and put both hands on my ass . 
 with slow movements , he started guiding my ass to grind over top of him . 
 we both made sounds as the friction turned us on even more . 
 i sat up , letting my natural br ** sts free for him to see . 
 i ran my hands into my hair as i rocked back and forth . 
 he held my hips and slowed my pace . 
 `` i 've waited a long time for this . 
 i 'm not about to go fast with you , willow . 
 i want this to last all night . 
 i want you to think about being with me every time we 're apart . 
 i want you to need me , like i 've needed you . '' 
 he did n't know how much i already needed him . 
 i became his puppet and he was my master . 
 he was in control and i was n't afraid . 
 i knew i was going to love it , because i already loved him . 
 when stosh picked me up and carried me top - side , i was n't sure what he was thinking . 
 he sat me back down , on the blanket where we 'd been sitting before . 
 the night sky was the only light out on the dark sea . 
 stosh kneeled down in front of me , taking my hand and kissing his way up one of my arms . 
 i watched his every move , making sure that i held every single kiss in the most sacred part of my memory . 
 this was real and it was happening . 
 i no longer had to lay in my bed and imagine being with him . 
 i was experiencing it for myself . 
 he lifted my arm and placed it on his shoulder . 
 i ran my fingers in his wavy hair . 
 he smiled and met my lips halfway between us . 
 while still touching his mouth to mine , i felt him loosen his lips . 
 `` i never thought we 'd be like this . '' 
 `` me either . '' 
 he kissed my neck , then down to my br ** sts , taking each one into his mouth . 
 with every touch , i felt like my heart was mending . 
 i forgot what had brought us together , because it did n't even matter . 
 we were overwhelmed in each other , soaking up our emotions in our love making . 
 every kiss , every touch was euphoric . 
 he made his way down to my waist and continued on his journey until he reached my eagerly waiting pu ** y. i gasped when he kissed me there for the first time . 
 his tongue became a tool , never running out of batteries . 
 his rhythmic tongue set a pace as it put just enough pressure on my tiny bud . 
 it did n't take long for me to cry out into the dark of the night . 
 i grabbed at his hair , holding him against my sex . 
 he continued licking me , even after i 'd stopped panting . 
 i 'd never had such a powerful orgasm . 
 it made me feel lightheaded and i was n't even standing . 
 i began to tremble and , as he continued kissing me down there , i cried out even more . 
 finally , when i could n't take it anymore , he wiped away my juices with kisses that trailed up to my mouth . 
 i tasted myself on his lips and it turned me on , knowing where he 'd been . 
 i cleaned off his chin with my tongue , savoring the taste of what he 'd done to me . 
 the butterflies were still there , reminding me that this was different than anything i 'd ever experienced with another man . 
 shortly after my body relaxed , stosh took his time , sliding inside of me . 
 i would have returned the favor , but he was too involved to stop . 
 i took deep breaths letting my walls adjust to his size . 
 it fit like a glove , sliding the right amount of intensity to feel perfect . 
 our moans echoed off the still water . 
 he felt so good , going in and out of me . 
 we changed positions , with me sitting on his lap . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and rocked my body around . 
 he seemed to enjoy the way i moved my hips . 
 he grabbed the cheeks of my ass and used his strength to steady a good pace . 
 my ni ** les hardened as they rubbed over his hard chest . 
 i leaned into kiss his lips , and tease him with my tongue . 
 then i leaned back , showing him the way my own stomach muscles looked as we made love . 
 there was nothing that could stop us , short of the boat sinking , and that was n't happening . 
 we were completely alone and together as we should have always been . 
 i finally understood why he 'd wanted to bring me out into the middle of the open water . 
 i appreciated the way everything was playing out . 
 it did n't matter what the next day would bring . 
 i was n't going to be alone anymore . 
 no matter what i had to do , i was going to be with him . 
 we made love for hours , taking breaks when we became out of breath and going back at it after resting . 
 we could n't get enough of each other and i think we both knew that as long as we were making love , we did n't have to worry about anything else . 
 there would be consequences for what she 'd done to us . 
 i was ready for them . 
 i think we both were . 
 chapter 8 you were my idol . 
 i wish you were dead . 
 i 'm not sure exactly what time it was . 
 i woke up wrapped in a blanket , in stosh 's arms , on the floor of the boat . 
 the wind was brisk and the once calm waters were a bit more rough . 
 i sat up and looked around , before standing up and going beneath to use the bathroom . 
 i had n't meant to stop in the bedroom , but i wanted to grab our pillows . 
 i made it halfway to the door when i tripped over the diary . 
 my stomach dropped when i thought about the things my sister had said and done to me . 
 i felt betrayed in the worst way . 
 this was someone that i would have given my life for . 
 i 'd given her an organ if she needed it . 
 i would have done anything for her . 
 how could she hate me the way she did ? 
 how could she want to sabotage my life ? 
 who does something like that ? 
 who did she think she was , playing god like she was allowed to ? 
 i did n't even know her . 
 i certainly did n't like her . 
 i picked up the little book and opened it where i left off . 
 may 25th prom day baby ! 
 i am so excited . 
 there is a killer party tonight . 
 stoshua wo n't know what hit him when he wakes up tomorrow . 
 everything is going as planned . 
 soon , everyone will think the baby i 'm carrying is his . 
 it will not only destroy my sister , but it will kill my parents . 
 this could n't have worked out better . 
 i put my hand over my mouth , because her world started to nauseate me . 
 i could n't stop reading . 
 may 26th just got home from a night i wo n't forget . 
 i could tell stoshua hated himself when he woke up next to me . 
 that poor guy did n't even realize that nothing happened between us . 
 he believed every word out of my mouth . 
 what a loser ! 
 soon , i can tell the family that the child i 'm carrying is his . 
 i ca n't wait to give them the horrible news . 
 it will be the best day of my life . 
 june 7th we graduated ! 
 yay me ! 
 i wo n't have to share the car anymore , because my dad is planning on getting the princess a new one . 
 she still thinks she wants to stay home . 
 i can see it on her face when she looks at me . 
 she hates that i had him and she did n't . 
 little does she know , that i did n't even want him . 
 her little pathetic pity party is about to begin . 
 i ca n't wait to watch her fall off her pedestal . 
 june 20th i could n't wait any longer . 
 they all know . 
 fake baby daddy told his parents . 
 he wants to do the right thing by me . 
 i got my ticket out of here and i could n't be happier . 
 he 's going to take care of me and the baby , while we stay home and pretend to like him . 
 he never has to know the baby is n't his . 
 my sister is a mess . 
 i heard her crying again . 
 i think she may have thrown up . 
 i stayed on the other side of the door smiling the whole time . 
 she 's finally in hell , where she belongs . 
 june 22th willow is leaving town . 
 she made the announcement to me in private , but i made sure to pass it along to stoshua . 
 he seemed equally upset . 
 he 's even been drinking . 
 i guess he 's trying to numb the pain of losing his chance with her . 
 they 'll never be together now . 
 that makes me so happy . 
 july 2nd i got married today . 
 it was n't perfect or even what i 'd imagined . 
 my ass looks fat and i ca n't stand stoshua 's cologne . 
 he keeps telling me that he 'll try to be a good husband . 
 he apologizes for loving her . 
 the irony in that is fantastic . 
 july 14th willow 's gone ! 
 she 's gone off to school and to start her new life . 
 i pretended to be sad , but i was partying inside . 
 august 27th last night i had a miscarriage . 
 stoshua stayed by my side . 
 he seemed broken up about it . 
 my parents came to the hospital , but the princess never showed . 
 i thought she 'd come , but she never did . 
 i feel alone . 
 i 'm stuck in a marriage with someone i loathe . 
 he 's my only way out , though . 
 i ca n't go back to that house . 
 i 'll never go back ! 
 i guess i need to pretend to love this guy and get knocked up again . 
 the sooner the better . 
 i heard stosh clearing his voice and looked up to see him leaning against the doorway . 
 he was completely naked with a concerned look on his face . 
 `` i thought we agreed to not deal with this shit until tomorrow ? '' 
 i tossed the book to the side with shaky hands . 
 `` i could n't help it . 
 i had to know . '' 
 i thought about how he felt when he read that he 'd never slept with her . 
 `` how far did you get ? '' 
 he sat down on the bed next to me . 
 `` the miscarriage . '' 
 he laughed and shook his head . 
 `` yeah , the jokes on me ! 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 i feel like a f ** king fool , will . 
 i knew i would n't have slept with her . '' 
 i grabbed his hand and traced the palm with my fingertips . 
 `` she needs to pay for this . '' 
 `` do n't stoop to her level . 
 you 're not that person , willow . '' 
 `` i , at least , need to tell my parents . 
 they should know what she 's capable of . 
 if she has this much animosity towards me , i ca n't imagine what she 's planning on doing to them . 
 they do n't deserve it either . '' 
 he played with my hand , before looking right at me . 
 `` let me ask you something . 
 she writes about things she overheard your parents saying . 
 is there a chance that maybe they treated you differently ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i guess she could have perceived it that way . 
 i mean , i always got praise for my hard work , but it was only so that i would continue to do well . 
 i think they did it to make her try harder . 
 they 'd never pick favorites like she 's saying . 
 it 's ridiculous . '' 
 i did n't know the person that had wrote in that diary . 
 she was n't the sister that i 'd loved since birth . 
 `` we need to head back today . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i know you have to get back to work . '' 
 he smiled and leaned over to kiss me slowly on the lips . 
 `` i do n't want to go anywhere , but the longer this goes on , the worse it 's going to get . 
 she 's up to something . 
 she would n't have gone to extremes to get you here if she were n't . 
 we need to be prepared , willow . '' 
 `` for what ? 
 what can she possibly do to us ? '' 
 i did n't understand . 
 i got that they had to get a divorce , but what was n't he telling me ? 
 `` willow , i 've been married to your sister for four years . 
 at first it was just an arrangement , but at some point , before i knew what she 'd done , we tried to build a relationship . 
 we ... we did what married people do . '' 
 he looked so disappointed in himself . 
 `` stosh , i know . 
 i do n't hate you for that . 
 you did what you thought was the right thing . '' 
 just the thought of him being intimate with her made me cringe . 
 it was n't anything new . 
 i 'd thought they were together after prom . 
 for some reason this was a little easier to take . 
 `` it does n't change the way i feel about you . 
 i 've been with other people , too . 
 if we 're going to be together , we need to live for the future and leave the past behind us . '' 
 he stood up and started walking around the room , scratching his head . 
 `` i want to be with you . 
 i just do n't see it being easy . 
 have you even considered what our parents are going to say ? 
 ivy will make them all hate us . 
 are you willing to give up your parents to be with me ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but my cell phone started to ring . 
 we both looked at each other . 
 `` it 's her . 
 what do i say ? '' 
 `` she does n't know i have the diary . 
 you have to make her think everything is fine . 
 tell her you 're miserable . '' 
 i let it ring four times before i picked up . 
 hello ? 
 will , it 's me . 
 how are things going ? 
 i guess they 're fine . 
 he sat me down last night and talked about us not being on the same page . 
 i guess you were right when you said things were n't good . 
 well , what did you say ? 
 did you tell him you still want to be together ? 
 of course . 
 he drank a few beers and passed out . 
 i guess he did n't want to talk about it anymore . 
 stosh was in the corner winking at me . 
 i could hardly contain myself from laughing . 
 change of plans , sis . 
 i need you to do whatever it takes to get him back in good graces with me . 
 i do n't care how far you have to go . 
 do you get what i 'm saying ? 
 you want me to sleep with your husband ? 
 what if he does n't want to sleep with me ? 
 i had to cover the phone so she could n't hear me laughing . 
 stosh got down on his knees and started kissing my inner thighs . 
 jesus ! 
 when do you guys get back ? 
 today . 
 i have hot outfits in my dresser . 
 seduce him tonight . 
 i ca n't lose him , do you understand ? 
 yeah , i get it . 
 i just do n't think i can go through with something like that . 
 i ca n't just sleep with someone for the hell of it . 
 please ! 
 she started to cry . 
 i would n't ask if i was n't desperate . 
 i am hoping to be back in two days . 
 just hurry up . 
 i should have never agreed to this . 
 i will be back as soon as i can . 
 i tossed the phone on the bed after she 'd hung up . 
 `` she thinks we have n't been together , but she wants me to try and sleep with you . '' 
 he kissed my neck . 
 `` you do n't have to try . 
 i 'd give you anything . '' 
 `` are n't you curious to know where the hell she 's at ? 
 what kind of wife wants someone else to sleep with their husband ? 
 she claims to know how we felt about each other , but she 's purposely pushing us together . 
 do you think she 's had a change of heart ? 
 maybe she 's trying to make it up to us ? '' 
 he stopped kissing me and placed the palm of his hand on my cheek . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 you need to read the rest of the diary . 
 you need to know everything , even if parts of it hurt you even more . 
 i do n't want secrets between us . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 why would i be mad at you ? '' 
 he picked up the diary and kissed me on the top of the head . 
 `` just remember that i 've only ever truly loved you . 
 the words mean nothing without the actions . '' 
 he left me sitting there , wondering what was happening . 
 i was more afraid to open the book than ever before . 
 feb 11th things have finally calmed down . 
 my friends have gone off to college and i 'm stuck in marriage hell . 
 i can tell he 's as miserable as me . 
 he puts on a fake smile and pretends to be happy , but i know a liar when i see one . 
 i ca n't go back to my parents , so i need to do whatever it takes to make him happy . 
 it 's time i started trying to be a real wife . 
 feb 14th i gave stosh the best night of his life . 
 he 's sleeping like a baby next to me . 
 i know he liked it , because he went down on me for a good half hour . 
 he could n't get enough of my sweet pu ** y . 
 at least he 's good at something . 
 i wish my stupid sister did n't delete her facebook page . 
 i 'd love to rub that shit right in her face . 
 she says she met someone and they 're serious . 
 who knows with her ? 
 i guess i do n't care anymore anyway . 
 i stole the guy . 
 he 's eating out of the palm of my hand . 
 as long as he 's willing to do what he did last night . 
 i think this arrangement can work out . 
 march 26th stosh took me out to my favorite restaurant . 
 for the past month , we 've been a real couple . 
 i think he 's really falling for me and maybe i 'm falling for him too . 
 i can see why will loved him . 
 he 's kind and generous and well endowed . 
 good thing he 's all mine . 
 april 7th we talked about getting pregnant again . 
 i think i 'm ready . 
 we 've been so happy and i know we can make a beautiful family . 
 i 'd never pick favorites with my own children . 
 stosh will be a great father . 
 i 'm so in love with him . 
 she did n't write anything until that following june . 
 june 13th we took the test this morning . 
 he held me in his arms until both lines filled that little stick . 
 it 's too soon to tell the family , but i 've never been happier . 
 maybe all i needed was to feel loved . 
 i know i was wrong for the way i stole him away , but i do n't regret it . 
 he 's everything to me . 
 i was vomiting in my mouth reading about her devotion to stosh , so i ignored the next few months . 
 sept 1st we spent the night in the hospital . 
 the doctor said there was nothing he could do . 
 our baby is gone and my chances of having another baby are slim to none . 
 he suggested we look into other options for conceiving . 
 maybe this is what i get for being an awful person . 
 maybe i do n't deserve to be a mother . 
 stosh is a mess . 
 i saw him crying when i was supposed to be asleep . 
 he wanted that baby . 
 he wanted our baby . 
 my heart is broken . 
 i just wanted us to be able to love something together . 
 i wanted to give him something that nobody else could . 
 i never even knew she was pregnant again . 
 how sad ! 
 i had to skip a few months to read anything worth mentioning . 
 dec 24th i found out that willow is n't coming home for christmas . 
 part of me actually wanted to spend time with her . 
 it 's a shame that i do n't want her around stosh . 
 i do n't trust her with him . 
 she 's had too much time to think about what she wants . 
 what if she wants my husband ? 
 i 'd kill her before i let her touch him . 
 he 's mine ! 
 she 'll never have him ! 
 never ! 
 i had to take a break . 
 i was both disgusted and enraged . 
 my sister did n't know what love was . 
 my heart hurt when i read about her miscarriage , but i did n't feel sorry for her . 
 i flipped through a few more pages , going almost a year ahead . 
 oct 22nd stosh did n't come home last night . 
 i think he found out what i was doing at my new job . 
 i could have sworn i saw his car in the parking lot . 
 he does n't understand that i 'm just dancing . 
 i 'm not a whore . 
 his drinking is getting out of hand . 
 most nights , he passes out on the couch . 
 we barely speak . 
 it 's the reason i got the job in the first place . 
 i needed my own money . 
 i miss him . 
 i just do n't know what to do . 
 how do i save my marriage ? 
 the next couple months were all about her trying to be a perfect wife , so i passed through them with just a glance . 
 dec 31st apparently , the key to my husband 's heart starts in his dick . 
 we rung in the new year in bed and vowed to try harder in our marriage . 
 he finally told me he loved me . 
 i have n't heard it in so long . 
 he repeated it over and over , saying i was the best he 's ever had . 
 it made me feel whole again . 
 i love that man . 
 i skipped through them being all happy and in love . 
 it was enough to make me want to puke all over the pages . 
 april 6th i ca n't believe it . 
 how could he do this to me ? 
 how could he sleep with that little bitch ? 
 he thought i was working . 
 he brought her to our house and f ** ked her in my bed . 
 i heard him telling her he loved her . 
 he said she was the best he ever had . 
 i wanted to kill them both . 
 i 've never felt so betrayed . 
 my life is over without him . 
 she did n't write in her diary for a whole month . 
 may7th i ca n't be sure , but stosh says he ended things with that business associate . 
 he 's been coming home on time every night and attending church with me on sunday 's . 
 maybe i 'm trying too hard , but it ca n't hurt . 
 i just want what we had back . 
 i do n't want to lose him . 
 i skipped through the amazing sex they shared together . 
 that was nothing that i wanted to read about . 
 sept 1st i took stosh 's phone when he was asleep . 
 i found a video of him and that women he 'd had the affair with . 
 they were naked in the shower . 
 does n't he realize that i depend on him ? 
 i have nothing without him . 
 how can i stay in a marriage if i ca n't trust him ? 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 sept 4th i slept with my boss last night . 
 he bought me a necklace and told me he would give me the world if he could . 
 he 'd been begging me for months . 
 i only did it to get back at stosh . 
 when i came home the next morning and told him , he begged me for another chance . 
 maybe the video on his phone was old ? 
 now i know how to get him to love me . 
 i skipped through more pages . 
 jan 19th stosh made me quit my job . 
 he said he would buy me a new car if i stayed home and focused on becoming a mother . 
 i went to the doctor and he told me that i 'm never going to be able to carry a baby full term . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 how do i tell him that ? 
 he 's going to want to leave me . 
 i have nothing to offer . 
 she never talked about anything for two more months . 
 march 9th i 've devised a plan to have a baby with my husband . 
 it 's going to take a couple months to put together , but we 'll have a baby . 
 i 'm still not sure of the details , but hopefully things will work out . 
 i 'm going to have my happily ever after , no matter what i have to do to get it . 
 that was the last entry . 
 i 'd skipped many other entries , but those were n't pivotal . 
 my sister was sick . 
 she needed help . 
 it took a while for me to take in everything i 'd read . 
 stosh was no longer the innocent man that i 'd fallen in love with . 
 he was flawed . 
 he 'd cheated and had an affair . 
 he 'd told lies and lived a secret life . 
 it was hard to think about . 
 i had no choice , but to find him and talk about things . 
 we still did n't know what my sister was up to . 
 i had to know how he felt about her . 
 was he just with me to get back at her ? 
 all these questions filled my mind . 
 i was so confused . 
 chapter 9 a large pizza and a slap in the face . 
 we did n't get home until dinner time . 
 i refused to talk to stosh about the things that i read , until i had time to think about how i felt . 
 parts of his past hurt worse than others . 
 he was only doing what he felt was right by my sister . 
 i did n't blame him for having an affair , but i did n't like that he 'd said the same things to both girls . 
 it made me question his feelings for me , even though i felt like he was being sincere . 
 by the time we pulled up at his place , he could n't take my silence anymore . 
 `` last night was the best night of my life , willow . 
 i 've waited so long to be with you . 
 i know you 're disappointed in me . 
 i do n't blame you . 
 please , just do n't shut me out . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and waited for me to respond . 
 `` i 'm a grown woman , not a child . 
 i do n't regret anything we 've done . 
 last night was perfect . 
 i just need to know ... do you still love ivy ? '' 
 he put his hands on the steering wheel . 
 `` i never loved her like i love you . 
 i swear to god ! '' 
 `` it 's not a competition . 
 obviously , she 's in love with you . 
 we have no idea what she 's up to . 
 i just want to be prepared . '' 
 i felt like i was in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 they needed therapy and divorce papers . 
 `` i have no idea what she 's up to . 
 i ca n't believe you asked me that . 
 do you really think i 'd love someone that lied and cheated and kept me away from you ? 
 i tried to be married , to do the right thing . 
 it did n't work . 
 i slept with that other chick to get caught . 
 i figured it would get me out of my marriage . 
 instead , it made her try harder . '' 
 `` how did you get this diary ? '' 
 i held it up . 
 `` i paid some kid to break into her car when i took her to the mall . 
 we came out and everything was missing , including her hidden things in the trunk . 
 she has no clue i have it . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` what happened to the innocent man i fell in love with ? '' 
 `` he grew balls . 
 i want out , will . 
 i need to get away from her . 
 why do you think i never bought a house ? 
 i do n't want her name on anything . '' 
 `` i read the entries about when you were happy together . '' 
 he looked down , like he felt ashamed . 
 `` there was a time , briefly , when i developed strong feelings for her . 
 it 's true . 
 i got to a point where i just wanted to move forward with my life . 
 she loved me and wanted to be with me . 
 it just made sense since we were already married . '' 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` you do n't have to explain . 
 i said i got it and i do . 
 i 'm sure it hurt to read all the shitty things she wrote about you . 
 i do n't blame you for hating her . 
 as mad as i am , it 's hard to imagine hating my sister . 
 i mean , i 'm in shock , but i 'm not a fool . 
 i see what she 's capable of . 
 i just feel like when i was reading the parts about her falling in love with you , they seemed real . 
 it just proved that she still has a heart . '' 
 he gave me a strange look . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` as much as i want to be with you , i think we should wait . 
 who knows what she has up her sleeve . 
 each time she calls , she begs me to do whatever it takes to keep you happy . 
 why else would she want me to go to extremes ? '' 
 he took the keys out of the ignition and looked around , before opening his driver 's side door . 
 `` let 's finish this inside . '' 
 i carried in my own bag and sat it down by the door , while i watched him head into the bedroom . 
 the sound of the shower running let me know what he was doing . 
 i thought about joining him and feeling his warm body making me forget everything again . 
 i just could n't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen . 
 while stosh showered , i ordered us a pizza . 
 i knew he 'd be done before the delivery man showed up , but i sat in the living room anyway , just in case he drove at the speed of light . 
 stosh came out of the bedroom in a pair of shorts and nothing else . 
 he still had a couple drops of water on his chest . 
 `` we should order a pizza or something . '' 
 `` i already did . '' 
 he liked the way i was looking at him . 
 he looked down at his chest and then back up to me . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he sat down beside me and played with the collar to my shirt . 
 `` you should have joined me in the shower . '' 
 his lips were cold and wet and i could taste the water from his shower . 
 i pulled away before i lost control . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` we need to chill out until i can figure out what she 's up to . 
 she asked me here for a reason . 
 what was your schedule like before you knew i was here ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i play cards with the guys and i always go out of town for work the next morning . 
 why ? '' 
 `` she said that , but when she called and found out you stayed , she changed things . 
 she told me to do whatever i had to do to keep you happy . 
 she told me to sleep with you if i had to . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed me again . 
 `` that can be arranged . '' 
 i pulled away again . 
 `` please stop . 
 i 'm worried . '' 
 he stood up and walked over to the windows , closing all of the mini - blinds . 
 `` is that better ? '' 
 `` she has a key to the house . 
 even though she gave me her set , i 'm sure she can get in . 
 she probably hid a spare somewhere . '' 
 he approached me , breaking the distance between us . 
 i did n't have time to think before his lips were on mine . 
 i did n't fight him , instead , i kissed him back , letting him know that my feelings had n't changed . 
 it was so hard knowing that they 'd made love in this very house . 
 i thought about him whispering sweet nothings to her . 
 i wondered how she responded . 
 did he ever think of me when he was with her ? 
 did he imagine she was me ? 
 he leaned his forehead against mine . 
 `` let 's just leave . 
 we can pack our bags and get out of this town . '' 
 `` i do n't even live in this town . 
 if you were n't married to my sister that might work . 
 i just got a good job where i live . 
 if i work hard i can earn promotions . 
 i ca n't leave . 
 i start in a week . '' 
 `` i can come there . '' 
 `` she 'll follow us . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on , but i do n't want to be involved in it . 
 i have a good life . '' 
 `` what about us ? '' 
 he looked upset . 
 `` there ca n't be an us , until you 're free of her . 
 you know that . '' 
 he sat down on the couch and ran his hands through his hair . 
 `` i did n't expect this to be so difficult . 
 do you even want a future with me ? '' 
 i reached over and grabbed his arm . 
 `` of course i do . 
 it 's just , too much to handle right now . 
 i just learned that my sister sabotaged my life . 
 she 's got a vendetta against me and my parents . 
 i ca n't worry about my love life until i know what i 'm dealing with . 
 had you not married her , we would n't be dealing with this right now . '' 
 he walked into the kitchen and grabbed us both a beer . 
 `` i 'm a victim in all of this , too , will . 
 you act like i wanted this to happen . '' 
 a knock at the door caught us off guard . 
 `` it must be the pizza guy . '' 
 i went for my purse , but stosh grabbed his wallet and met the guy at the door . 
 he sat the pizza box on the kitchen table . 
 `` pineapple and ham ? '' 
 i smiled and met him at the table . 
 `` you know it . 
 i never eat a pizza without it . '' 
 he opened up the box and grabbed us each a slice . 
 `` it 's good to know that some things do n't change . '' 
 i sighed and thought about being with him . 
 truthfully , it was all i ever wanted . 
 there had to be a way for us to be together . 
 i could n't give up when my heart would n't let me . 
 `` if i could stay here with you , i would . '' 
 he sat down his pizza and reached over the table . 
 `` when is she coming back ? '' 
 `` as early as tomorrow . '' 
 it hurt me to say it out loud . 
 `` then spend the night in my arms , where you belong . 
 she 's kept us apart for too long . 
 i 'm not willing to let you go yet . '' 
 me leaving was inevitable . 
 we still did n't even know what my sister was doing . 
 she was up to something . 
 i had to know what it was . 
 stoshua may have wanted to get out of his marriage , but i wanted to figure out how i was involved . 
 maybe we could both win , if we were patient enough . 
 `` i 'd love to stay with you tonight , stoshua , because joshua was taken . '' 
 he shook his head and laughed . 
 `` you remember that ? '' 
 `` i remember everything when it comes to you . 
 i always will . '' 
 he got quiet for a second , like he dazed away . 
 `` i do n't want to have to wait long to be with you everyday . 
 i can work from home . 
 we can live wherever your new job is . 
 just tell me you 'll consider it . 
 tell me we have a chance . '' 
 i picked at my pizza . 
 `` i hope we do . '' 
 `` you do n't sound convinced that it could happen . '' 
 i hated to see him look confused . 
 i ca n't imagine what the last couple months had been like for him . 
 i understood why he hated her so much . 
 there was just pieces to the puzzle that made no sense . 
 `` baby steps , stosh . '' 
 we dropped the topic of being together , probably because i was just so unsure . 
 he was sick of hearing me say the wrong things . 
 he did n't understand that my heart had always belonged to him . 
 something was just off . 
 i needed to figure out what it was . 
 a little later , after the sun went down , we cuddled up on the couch . 
 he had his arms around me and held me tight . 
 i kissed him with passion and let my lips linger over his . 
 `` make love to me . '' 
 he grabbed my face with both of his hands and held them there as he kissed me slowly . 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 we went slowly , removing one article of clothing at a time . 
 he carried me into the bedroom and laid me down on his bed . 
 i tried not to think about what he 'd done with my sister there . 
 it was hard not to picture it . 
 of course , it only made me want to try harder . 
 i had this idea that i needed to be the best . 
 i wanted to be unforgettable , so that he never had regrets . 
 i teased him with my tongue , sliding it all the way down to his stiff erection . 
 my palm massaged his balls , while i took his girth into my mouth . 
 he closed his eyes and held onto my head as i used my mouth to pleasure him . 
 my other hand jerked the bottom of his shaft . 
 i got a rhythm going between my hand and my mouth . 
 he started moving his hips as he got closer to exploding . 
 i bobbed my head up and down harder and faster . 
 the more i worked , the louder he moaned . 
 he held my hair and pulled it as he held my head still . 
 i tasted his release on my tongue and swallowed his whole load , before licking my lips and looking into his eyes . 
 i kissed the tip and smiled . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 he pulled me up and kissed me . 
 i backed away , not understanding that he could actually want to kiss me after that . 
 but , he did . 
 he kissed me hard , like he wanted to eat me . 
 i loved how erotic it seemed . 
 i grabbed at his shoulders and dug my nails into his back . 
 he reached down and used his fingers to penetrate me . 
 i could tell how wet i was . 
 sucking him off turned me on and i was ready to do it again . 
 i enjoyed feeling his soft foreskin against my lips . 
 our tongues brushed and teased , while his thumb rubbed hard against my clit . 
 my body began to buck . 
 i filled with emotional bliss as i felt myself letting go . 
 he pulled his fingers out of me and licked them while i watched . 
 `` promise me , that whatever happens , you 'll come to me for an explanation first . 
 when ivy finds out that you know , she 'll make me look like the bad guy . '' 
 `` i promise . 
 i wo n't let her keep you from me , stosh . 
 not this time ! '' 
 chapter 10 you are dead to me . 
 it was hard for me to think about walking away from someone that i 'd fantasized about being with my whole adult life . 
 it did n't help that he was everything i imagined and more . 
 stosh had swept me away in just two short days . 
 there would never be enough time for me to be able to walk away from him and not be a mess over it . 
 we made love all night , never taking each other for granted . 
 he invaded my soul and i let him . 
 i memorized the musky scent of his skin and the way he felt against my fingers . 
 we laughed together , and even cried together , knowing that i was n't going to be able to stay . 
 as much as we tried to not think about it , i knew it was on both of our minds . 
 i had to keep telling myself that it was n't forever . 
 when the smoke cleared , we 'd be together again . 
 nothing was going to stand in our way this time . 
 in the middle of the night his phone rang . 
 i knew it must have been important , since he hopped out of bed and went running into the living room . 
 i tried not to listen , but when he did n't come back for five minutes , i started to worry that something bad happened . 
 i walked into the living room and saw him sitting there . 
 he was holding his phone with his hands over his face . 
 i rubbed his back while sitting next to him . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he shook his head but would n't look up . 
 `` stosh , please talk to me . 
 what is it ? 
 did ivy call you ? '' 
 he shook his head again . 
 `` i ca n't tell you . 
 you wo n't understand . '' 
 i grabbed his hand , but he pulled away and walked into the other room . 
 it was important for me to give him a few minutes to calm down . 
 whatever happened , had really gotten to him . 
 i noticed his phone was still on the table . 
 it was wrong for me to grab it . 
 i should n't have done it , but i could n't help myself . 
 i opened up the newest message . 
 it was from the number that ivy had been calling me from . 
 my heart started beating so fast that i thought i was going to pass out . 
 i had a feeling in the pit of my stomach that whatever it said was going to devastate me . 
 i opened up the message and saw a picture . 
 stosh was between my legs , on his bed . 
 the picture looked like it was taken from the window . 
 i put my hand over my mouth , shocked that she had been watching us . 
 i hope you enjoyed yourself . 
 did she taste as good as me ? 
 remember what we agreed upon . 
 see you tomorrow . 
 xoxo i dropped the phone on the table , causing a loud bang . 
 without even thinking about what i was doing , i ran out of the house in my underwear . 
 to say that i was hysterical would have been an understatement . 
 i was so distraught that i did n't even realize i had made it halfway down the long driveway . 
 i heard stoshua calling my name , but i refused to turn around . 
 he 'd shattered my heart worse than the first time . 
 tripping was n't in the plan , but i fell to the ground hard . 
 pain ripped through my chin and the palms of my hands stung , as if the skin had been scraped off . 
 i felt strong arms pulling me up . 
 `` you 're bleeding ! '' 
 `` screw you . '' 
 i flung myself off of him . 
 `` i saw the message . '' 
 `` let me explain . '' 
 he tried to grab me again . 
 i pulled away and started running , but i was n't as fast as he was . 
 he grabbed me again and forced me to stop . 
 `` i know you 're mad . 
 just , please , let me at least take you where you want to go . 
 please , willow . '' 
 knowing that i was n't dressed , and i had no vehicle of my own , i agreed to let him drive me to my parents . 
 from there , they could take me to my car that was parked at the airport , in the morning . 
 all i wanted to do was get out of there . 
 after getting my things together , i met stosh in the car . 
 i refused to look at him and i was crying too hard to hear what he was blabbing about . 
 i could n't believe he 'd used me . 
 thankfully , my parents only lived a couple blocks away , so i did n't have to be with him for very long . 
 he reached for my arm when i was climbing out . 
 `` willow , wait ! 
 please let me explain . '' 
 i pulled away from him and slammed the door shut . 
 `` i have nothing to say to you . 
 you took something beautiful and turned it to shit . 
 you two deserve each other ! '' 
 i walked toward the house and never looked back at him . 
 by the time i 'd made it around back , where my parents always hid the key , i heard him peeling away from the curb . 
 i grabbed the key , but sank down in a chair by the pool . 
 i did n't care if i spent the night out back of my parent 's house . 
 i just did n't want to be near him . 
 how could he have done that to me ? 
 why did he say those things to me , when he did n't mean them ? 
 why did he show me the diary , if he was just going to break my heart ? 
 none of it made sense . 
 i continued crying , losing myself in an emotional breakdown . 
 i never should have come home . 
 i should have ignored her calls . 
 i should have stayed far away from her husband . 
 all they 'd ever done was hurt me . 
 i heard laughing and someone approaching me . 
 there was no reason to turn around , because i knew exactly who it was . 
 `` i was wondering when you 'd show up . '' 
 i lunged toward her , shoving us both into my parent 's in ground pool . 
 `` i hate you ! 
 you took everything from me , you stupid bitch ! '' 
 i shoved her under the water , but she was just as strong as me and she took me with her . 
 we wrestled under the water , until we both needed to take a breath . 
 she came up in one direction and i came up at least five feet away . 
 she kept backing away from me until she reached the ladder . 
 i watched her climb out of the pool . 
 `` you deserved it ! 
 i 've waited forever to see the perfect princess fall . 
 they 'll never forgive you now . 
 you 'll be forever tainted in their eyes . '' 
 i climbed out on the other side . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` mom and dad . 
 they 've been comforting me since i found out you were having an affair with stoshua . 
 they 've known about it for days . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 i never heard from them . 
 mom would have called . '' 
 `` i have your phone , remember ? 
 it 's too bad you ignored her calls . 
 i think she really wanted to let you have it . 
 do n't worry , i saved the messages . 
 i recall one saying that no daughter of hers could ever stoop so low . '' 
 i was flabbergasted , enraged , heartbroken and alone . 
 how was i supposed to give up everything . 
 it was bad enough that my sister had betrayed me , but now she 'd told my parents a bold faced lie . 
 i 'd only come back to town because she desperately needed my help . 
 stoshua had nothing to do with it . 
 what happened between him and i was n't planned . 
 not on my part . 
 `` this is insane . 
 they wo n't believe you ! '' 
 she started laughing . 
 `` i assume you saw the photo ? 
 where do you think i got it ? '' 
 she laughed harder . 
 `` dad hired a pi . 
 he sent dad the text a couple hours ago . 
 that was all the proof they needed , being that i was here with them the whole time , crying because of what the two of you had done to me . '' 
 i ran after her , knocking her onto the ground . 
 my hands were wet , so the sting of me smacking her face must have hurt . 
 i did n't care . 
 i kept hitting her , taking out all of my frustrations on her face . 
 she tried to cover herself . 
 `` stop ! 
 you 're hurting me ! '' 
 `` screw you ! 
 screw you for all those things you said about me . 
 i never did shit to you ! 
 how could you ruin my life on purpose ? 
 how could you take him away from me ? '' 
 i felt someone pulling me off of ivy . 
 she wiped the blood away from her mouth and laughed again . 
 `` i 'm glad you know the truth ! 
 take your cunt ass out of here and never come back ! '' 
 i did n't know who had me by the arms , but i tried to lunge at her again , failing completely . 
 `` i hate you ! 
 i wish you were never my sister ! '' 
 `` i do n't care how you feel . 
 i have the life you wanted . 
 everyday , you 're going to want to be me . 
 take that and shove it up your nerdy little princess ass , willow ! '' 
 at first , i thought it was my father that had a hold of me . 
 i knew it could n't be my mother , since she was smaller and not as strong . 
 when i turned and saw stosh , i said nothing . 
 i did n't know why he was there , but i did n't care either . 
 he and my sister could have each other , for all i cared . 
 they were both dead to me . 
 `` i did everything for you ! 
 i walked away so you could be happy . 
 i covered for you our whole lives and this is how you repay me ? '' 
 i was sobbing so hard that i was n't sure they could even hear me . 
 `` cut this shit out , ivy ! 
 this has gone too far . '' 
 stosh was obviously defending me out of pity . 
 her eyes got huge . 
 `` now you 're taking up for your little conquest ? 
 does she know how i lured her here so you could f ** k her ? 
 does she know that it was all part of my plan to ruin her ? '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 i 've had enough ! '' 
 i could see the blood boiling inside of him . 
 it did n't matter that he was attempting to take up for me . 
 nothing he could say would make me forgive him . 
 he was playing a losing game . 
 `` if you leave , you 'll be sorry . 
 remember what i told you , stoshua . 
 i meant every word . '' 
 his grip loosened and finally he let go . 
 `` the keys are in my car . 
 take it wherever you need to go , '' he whispered so she could n't hear . 
 i did n't thank him for the gesture , instead i hauled ass out of my parents yard . 
 i drove his car straight to the airport , where my car was still parked . 
 i did n't care about my bag of clothes , or my cell phone . 
 i just wanted to get the hell away from all of them . 
 before i could drive home , i sat in my car and let out the pain . 
 i cried harder than ever before , only stopping to catch my breath . 
 they betrayed me . 
 my sister had ruined my chance at happiness . 
 stosh had slept with me , filling my head with false hope . 
 it was too much to handle . 
 i could n't even call my parents for support . 
 they thought i was a home wrecker . 
 i had no one to talk to . 
 i was all alone , just like ivy wanted . 
 i pulled her phone out of my pocket and threw it against the ground , smashing it into a million pieces . 
 i did n't care about getting in touch with any of them . 
 if she needed her phone , she could buy a new one . 
 my days of doing her favors were long gone . 
 i no longer had a sister . 
 when i finally got home , i was so exhausted that i landed in my bed and fell right to sleep . 
 i was glad about it , since i did n't want to have to think about them . 
 the next day , i remained in my room . 
 it took me three days to call the phone company and report my cellphone lost . 
 i received a replacement on the fourth day , but kept it turned off . 
 i did n't want to listen to the messages , or take any phone calls . 
 my new job had been postponed . 
 i was still weeks away from starting and i was n't in any condition to do it . 
 i cried all of the time , especially when the animal shelter commercials came on the television . 
 even my friends could n't get me to talk . 
 the less i said the less it hurt . 
 i just wanted to move forward . 
 talking about it , would only hold me back . 
 by the forth week , i was a force to be reckoned with . 
 i focused on packing up my things and prepared to move into my new place . 
 it was a big step for me and i needed to do it right . 
 it was n't until the night before my big day that someone got in contact with me . 
 it was n't by phone or email . 
 no , he 'd driven all the way to my doorstep for a chance that i would hear him out . 
 chapter 11 nobody puts princess in the corner . 
 `` if you were smart , you 'd turn your ass around and leave . '' 
 i could smell him from the doorway and as much as i tried not to pay attention , he looked more handsome than ever . 
 `` well , i guess i 'm not smart , because i 'm staying until you hear me out ! '' 
 he put his hands in his pockets and waited for me to reply . 
 i looked him up and down , smiled , then slammed the door in his face . 
 he did n't knock again , so i went about what i was doing . 
 all of my roommates had already moved out , so i was the one who had to go through and make sure everything was cleaned out and they did n't forget anything hidden in the corner of a closet somewhere . 
 i was so hurt and angry that i could n't fathom having a conversation with either of them . 
 why he thought it was okay to just show up on my doorstep was beyond me . 
 i focused on the task at hand and ignored the fact that he 'd come all that way to talk to me . 
 i guess he thought he had some kind of valuable information that would change my mind . 
 i cleaned and packed my ass off for the rest of the morning . 
 at about noon , i was hungry and dying of thirst . 
 i grabbed my keys and headed out to grab a bite at the corner deli . 
 when i opened the door , a pizza delivery guy was standing there , about to knock . 
 since we rented a whole house , i was puzzled how he 'd gotten confused about the address . 
 our number was in large block on the front of the house . 
 `` i think you have the wrong address . '' 
 he looked down at his paper . 
 `` no , it 's the right place . 
 someone called and paid for a ham and pineapple pizza and a two liter of soda . 
 since it 's paid for , do you still want it ? '' 
 i grabbed the pizza box and the two liter , while shaking my head . 
 `` yeah , sorry i forgot that i ordered it . 
 my mind is just crazy lately . '' 
 feeling like an idiot , i waved to the delivery guy as he walked away . 
 as soon as his car pulled away , i saw stosh leaning against his . 
 did he really think he could earn his way into my house through my favorite pizza ? 
 okay , i have to be honest . 
 for a split second i did consider slamming my door and eating the pizza , then throwing the empty box out on the street at his feet . 
 it was just for a second though . 
 instead , i walked into my house and left the door open . 
 i 'd sat the pizza down on the kitchen counter by the time i heard him approaching . 
 `` you have until this pizza is gone to explain yourself . 
 when the box goes out into the trash , you 're going with it ! '' 
 i was as serious as a heart attack . 
 he had about three minutes to explain and then he could leave the same way he came in . 
 we were not friends , and just being in the same room with him was making me uneasy . 
 he sat down on a stool next to me and we ate at the breakfast bar , since i had no other furniture except in my bedroom . 
 we were halfway through our first piece before he started to talk . 
 just hearing his voice was enough to remind me how hot it was to have sex with him . 
 `` on a scale of one to ten , how much do you hate me ? '' 
 i sat my slice of pizza down and took a deep breath before i looked at him . 
 `` twenty ! '' 
 his eyes got big and he shook his head . 
 `` i should have told you the truth from the beginning . 
 i just wanted to spend time with you before you found out . 
 i know i kept things from you , but i swear that i meant what i said . 
 i love you . 
 i always have and i always will . '' 
 `` you do n't know what love is . 
 i 'd never lie to you , stosh . 
 i 'd never deceive you . 
 i 'd do anything to keep you safe . 
 that 's what love is . 
 you did n't do any of that for me . '' 
 his expression changed . 
 `` are you admitting that you do still love me ? '' 
 `` how i feel is irrelevant . 
 i 'll never forgive you ! '' 
 i could feel the slow burn in my throat . 
 tears were coming and i had to hold them back . 
 he could n't see me in pain over him . 
 `` what if i said that everything i did was for a reason ? 
 what if i told you that i have a plan to take down your sister ? '' 
 i poked him in the chest when i spoke . 
 `` you could have given my parents her diary . 
 instead , you let her destroy my relationship with them . 
 i do n't deserve any of this ! 
 i 've been a good person . 
 i worked hard for my education , while she f ** ked her life away . 
 you could have ended this before any of this occurred . '' 
 i was so pissed that he was trying to mend things with me . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i thought about sitting them down and reading it , but your sister would somehow come out of it smelling like roses . 
 she 's not as stupid as everyone thinks . 
 she 's been one step ahead of the game this whole time . 
 she still does n't know i even have the diary . '' 
 `` what the hell are you waiting for ? '' 
 `` there 's something that i wanted out of her plan , or else i never would have gone through with it . 
 she did n't exactly tell me when you were coming into town . 
 i 'd prepared myself to be hurt , by your rejection . 
 after i found the diary , i realized that you had feelings for me the whole time . 
 then i got selfish . '' 
 i slapped his pizza out of his hand . 
 he put his head down . 
 `` what do you mean , you got selfish ? '' 
 he folded his hands and acted like i had n't violated his space . 
 `` it 's been four years . 
 you could have moved on . 
 when i realized you were there , in my house , i could n't help myself . 
 maybe ivy knew i 'd be that way about you . 
 i do n't really care . 
 from the moment that i knew you were there with me , all i wanted to do was be with you . 
 i even warned you that there were things you did n't know . 
 i wanted to tell you . 
 i would have , if you had n't have run out . 
 i never wanted things to happen the way they did . '' 
 `` great , now i feel more used than before . 
 thanks for clearing that up ! '' 
 i tossed my pizza back into the box and shut it . 
 stosh put his hand over mine , catching me off guard . 
 i pulled away . 
 `` will , i know it seems that way , but i waited for so long to hear you say you loved me . 
 do you blame me for wanting to have a couple days of heaven ? 
 did n't you feel happy too ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` of course i enjoyed it . 
 i felt like i finally had a chance at being happy . 
 i felt like i had my best friend back . '' 
 try as i may , i could n't stop the tears this time . 
 he may as well have been ripping my heart out of my chest with his bare hands . 
 he ran his hands through his hair and then covered his face . 
 `` you do n't know how much i want that . '' 
 i could tell that he was genuinely upset . 
 it was so hard for me , because i could never stop loving him . 
 sure , i hated what he 'd done to me , but my heart and my mind were not on the same page . 
 `` does she know you 're here ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` hell no ! 
 ever since that night , she 's been staying at your parents . 
 i know she 's up to something , but i have no idea what it is . '' 
 `` i wish i could believe that . '' 
 i started to turn away , but he grabbed my arm and held it tight . 
 `` what the ... '' `` listen to me . '' 
 he finally let go of my arm . 
 `` if there was a way to make things right , would you give me another chance ? '' 
 his face was dead serious . 
 i did n't know whether to follow my mind or my heart . 
 at the end of the day , i could n't see it happening . 
 `` it 's not possible . '' 
 stosh started pacing around the kitchen . 
 `` dammit , it is possible . 
 i 'm going to do whatever it takes , because those two days with you were the best days of my life . 
 i was n't lying about that . '' 
 `` i think you are going to say whatever you can think of to get in my good graces . 
 do you have any idea how i feel ? 
 do you have a clue about what you 've both done to me ? '' 
 he looked down at the ground . 
 `` yes . 
 i know exactly what you 're going through . 
 i wish i could take it back . '' 
 `` why are you here , stosh ? 
 what could you possibly have on my sister that would make everything you 've done better ? '' 
 he approached me , getting close enough to touch me , except he did n't . 
 `` i ca n't tell you . '' 
 `` just leave ! 
 drive back home and forget about ever knowing me . 
 i 'm so sick of all of this . 
 i just want to live my life . 
 i 'm tired of the drama that comes with being a part of your and my sister 's lives . '' 
 i walked over and grabbed the pizza box . 
 he saw what i was doing and grabbed it out of my hands . 
 `` you do n't mean that ! '' 
 i grabbed the box again , ripping it away from his hands . 
 `` yes i do ! '' 
 he would n't give up . 
 he grabbed the box and tossed it on the floor . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 if you love me half as much as i love you , then i know you 're lying . '' 
 he was staring right at me , challenging what i 'd said to him . 
 i did n't know how to respond . 
 even as furious as i was , he was right . 
 i was still in love with him . 
 in fact , i could n't see myself loving anyone else . 
 `` why does it even matter to you , stosh ? 
 we ca n't be together and you know it . '' 
 he reached over and brushed my cheek with the back of his hand . 
 `` ivy thinks she 's won . 
 i 've been on to her since this all began . 
 that 's why i could n't tell you . 
 i thought i could handle it all without you getting hurt . 
 i have a plan to destroy your sister , but i have to let this all play out for it to work . 
 i need more time . 
 things have to happen before i can step in . 
 i just need you to trust me . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't think i can . '' 
 he grabbed both of my hands and i did n't pull away . 
 `` you have to . '' 
 he brought my hands up to his lips and kissed them . 
 `` there 's something else you need to know , will . 
 it has to do with why your sister wanted you to be with me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what now ? '' 
 `` your sister came home one night drunk . 
 she was a crying mess . 
 after she threw up all over herself , she got so belligerent , that she admitted to not being able to have children again . 
 she cried all night about not being able to give me a child of my own . '' 
 `` and this has what to do with me ? '' 
 `` you 're a smart girl , willow . 
 think about it . '' 
 `` she wanted me to be a surrogate or something ? '' 
 `` that would have been too easy for your sister . 
 she does n't want you to carry her baby , she wants to take away yours . '' 
 my mouth dropped when it instantly hit me like a ton of bricks . 
 `` it 's not possible . 
 you ca n't get pregnant any time of the month . 
 the average woman is only fertile for forty eight hours . '' 
 `` two days , right ? 
 yeah , all it took was for you to complain to her about having your period . 
 i guess you talked to her about it ruining some plans you had a while back . 
 even i could get a calendar and look up when you should be ovulating . '' 
 i was already crying . 
 that was taking revenge to a whole different level . 
 `` why would she want me to have your child ? 
 is n't that against everything she 's ever wanted ? '' 
 he sat down on the carpet flooring and put his hands over his face . 
 `` willow , you 're twins . 
 the baby would share the same dna as if it were her own . 
 she wanted you to get pregnant and then she was going to try to get custody . 
 with your parents being so against you , she knew she had a chance of winning . 
 they see you as a threat . 
 right now , your parents are all about comforting ivy . 
 they 're going to do whatever it takes to make her happy , since we allegedly stabbed her in the back . '' 
 `` that is the stupidest plan i ever heard of . 
 how could she have known that i 'd sleep with you ? 
 who in the hell would even think they could pull off something like this ? 
 did you think you would just knock me up and steal my kid ? '' 
 i picked up a piece of packing tape and threw it towards him . 
 `` how could you use me , stosh ? 
 how could you rip out my heart like you did ? '' 
 i was so angry and hurt . 
 if i had a gun , i could have shot them both . 
 `` she said she knew it would work . 
 i did n't ask her any questions , but somehow she was sure . 
 i wish you knew how much i ca n't stand her . 
 when she woke up after her drunken confession , i told her only half of what she 'd admitted . 
 i knew that when the time came , i 'd be able to use the knowledge i had against her . 
 look , i get that you hate me right now . 
 i know i f ** ked up , but i 'm going to make it right . 
 i 'll wait for you ; as long as it takes . 
 i have a plan . '' 
 he pulled me into a hug , that i did n't respond to . 
 i just stood there frozen in place . 
 `` is that all you came to say , because i still feel like i 'm missing a big part of the puzzle ? 
 granted , learning that my sister thought she could knock me up and then steal my baby was a hell of thing to hear . '' 
 i took a couple steps back and leaned against the counter . 
 he walked over and leaned beside me . 
 `` you would n't have listened if i tried to call . '' 
 he was right . 
 `` so , you 're heading back tonight ? '' 
 `` unless you want me to stay ? '' 
 he did n't look up when he said it . 
 more than anything in the world , i felt like i had nowhere to turn to . 
 i was going through all of it alone , not to mention that i had nothing to do with all of this madness . 
 `` i still ca n't wrap my head around my sister 's ridiculous plan . 
 i 'm not pregnant and even if i were , i do n't think i would have told either of you . '' 
 `` did you get your period ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 it 's not ... what 's today 's date ? '' 
 suddenly , i felt as if i 'd been kicked in the stomach . 
 `` the fifth . '' 
 `` oh god ! 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 you have to leave ! '' 
 i walked over to my front door and opened it , waiting for him to exit . 
 he stood in the kitchen , adamant to stay . 
 `` there 's a chance is n't there ? '' 
 i shook my head and shut the door , since he obviously was n't leaving . 
 this was n't happening to me . 
 it could n't be happening . 
 i was starting a new job . 
 i had a future ahead of me that i 'd worked my whole life for . 
 we 'd spent two nights together . 
 sure , we had n't used protection , but it was impossible for my sister to know my schedule like she was claiming , unless she 'd been calculating it for months . 
 god , i wondered how many times i had complained about being on my period . 
 i thought about how she took everything i had ever told her and used it against me . 
 how manipulative can one human being be ? 
 no , it had to be stress . 
 i could n't be pregnant . 
 `` no ! 
 i must have gotten the dates confused . 
 the move has got me all messed up . '' 
 he did n't believe me , i could see it in his eyes . 
 `` if you were , i would n't tell her . 
 you 're the only person that i want raising my children . 
 i told you that before . 
 i meant every word . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i appreciate that , but i know i 'm not pregnant , besides , even if i was , i would n't want you to be a part of it 's life . 
 not after everything you 've done to me . 
 you lost your chance , buddy . '' 
 he was silent for a few moments . 
 maybe he was thinking of something he could say . 
 i just wanted to be left alone . 
 i think he got the vibe , because he walked over to the door . 
 `` willow , i love you . 
 i 've always loved you . 
 no matter what i have to do to fix this , i 'm going to do it . 
 i wo n't give up until we have the life we deserve . '' 
 he smiled . 
 i leaned my head on the door as he started to walk out . 
 `` stosh , thanks for taking the time to come here . 
 i 'm glad i know what she 's up to . 
 i know there 's more , but i have a feeling i 'm going to find out soon enough . '' 
 `` so you believe me ? '' 
 he got closer to me . 
 `` i want to . '' 
 he put his hands on my cheeks and looked into my eyes . 
 `` i 'll make this right . 
 i promise . '' 
 he kissed me on the forehead before walking out to his car . 
 i should have packed up my car and left , but i ended up sitting in the empty living room bawling my eyes out again . 
 i could n't believe my sister had the nerve to try and do the things she was doing to me . 
 it was like some crazy story you hear about on television . 
 this was n't a girl who was deprived of nice things . 
 our parents had money , and a lot of it . 
 they took good care of us and gave us equal gifts . 
 how she was so different from me , made no sense . 
 i did n't know if i could trust stoshua , but i had nothing else to go on . 
 now , my only concern was to go out and buy a pregnancy test . 
 either way , i had to know . 
 chapter 12 when it rains it freaking pours . 
 i 'd reached my breaking point . 
 for my entire life i had trusted my sister . 
 for her whole life , she 'd secretly been plotting to ruin me . 
 aside from the hurt and devastation of it all , i was just so angry . 
 stosh 's visit had n't helped . 
 it gave me more reason to be upset . 
 by the time i gotten decent enough to go out to the pharmacy , i was so worked up that i found myself dialing her number . 
 i was wondering when you 'd call . 
 i hated her tone already . 
 shut up , ivy ! 
 you need to shut the hell up and listen . 
 i do n't know what i ever did to you to make you hate me so much , but i 'm done being your little voodoo doll . 
 you want to play dirty , then so am i . 
 you could n't hurt a fly . 
 she was n't going to know what hit her . 
 it 's funny , i used to think that about you . 
 now i know better . 
 there 's nothing you can do to hurt me . 
 i have everything that i 've ever wanted . 
 not everything ! 
 you do n't have a baby . 
 in fact , you 're never going to be able to have one . 
 you bitch ! 
 no ! 
 you 're a bitch ! 
 you took everything from me ! 
 i did and i would do it again . 
 do you know how long i waited to hear our parents talk bad about you ? 
 do you know how good it feels to be the favorite ? 
 it was never a competition ! 
 i never saw our life the way she had . 
 maybe not to you , but it was for me . 
 did you ever love me , ivy ? 
 love is about respect and i lost that by the time we turned ten . 
 i feel sorry for you . 
 you 'll never know what it feels like to have someone love you . 
 i feel sorry for you . 
 you 'll die alone , you know that right ? 
 screw you ! 
 she hung up before i could say anything else . 
 i 'd made the first step at getting her upset . 
 i was n't going to stop until i had everything she 'd taken from me . 
 this was war and i was n't about to lose . 
 i did n't care about her feelings , and after what she 'd done , i did n't even feel bad about it . 
 while still in a piss poor mood , i grabbed my keys and headed for my car . 
 when i got out to the road it started to pour down rain . 
 i was so distraught , that i dropped my keys twice , trying to find the right one and unlock my door . 
 the kicker was that i had power locks , but the battery on my keypad got wet and i had yet to replace it . 
 while standing there flipping through keys , someone approached me with an umbrella . 
 figuring it was just one of my neighbors , i continued to unlock and open my car door . 
 i turned around to say thank you and saw stosh standing there . 
 it was pouring all around us . 
 `` i thought i told you to leave . '' 
 `` you 're an intelligent woman , but i do n't have to listen to you . '' 
 `` i feel like you raped me . 
 you may as well have . 
 the end result was just the same . '' 
 i had my hands on my hips , as if it made me look more serious . 
 `` that hurts . '' 
 `` well , it 's the truth ! 
 now you tell me that my sister had some scheme to get me pregnant and you were in on it the whole time ? 
 you 're sick ! '' 
 `` i wanted you and you wanted me too . 
 so what if i lied about what brought us together . 
 what we shared was mutual and you know it . 
 i would never do ... '' he was so damn adamant , but all i wanted to do was wipe the smile off of his face . 
 `` you would never what ? 
 let it happen ? 
 you 're a day late and a dollar short for that comment . 
 i wish it never happened ! 
 i wish i never went back to town and we were never together . '' 
 i climbed into my car , leaving him standing there . 
 when he never moved , i rolled down the window . 
 he looked like he was going to cry . 
 his eyes were serious and full of pain . 
 `` you do n't mean that . '' 
 `` move out of the way . 
 i have to go . '' 
 he just stood there , holding his umbrella , like he had n't heard me . 
 `` stosh , please , just go home . 
 live your life and stop worrying about me . 
 you know if ivy catches you here , she 's going to go all ape - shit . 
 i ca n't take anymore of her antics . 
 i just want to live my life , without all of this bullshit ! 
 i want to forget any of it happened . '' 
 a single tear fell down his face . 
 `` please ... do n't make me leave , will . '' 
 `` goodbye , stosh . '' 
 i started pulling the car away from the curb , before he 'd even moved . 
 he backed away quickly and watched me drive away from him . 
 i was a sobbing mess , but i kept driving , knowing that he would follow if i did n't . 
 when i pulled into the pharmacy , a rush of worry came over me . 
 i did n't have the money or the resources to raise a child on my own . 
 my sister knew that . 
 she and stosh were legally married . 
 they had a place to live and parents that could help them . 
 if i was pregnant , there was a good chance she could really win custody . 
 i was n't about to let that happen . 
 that night , alone in my house , i sat there staring at the box of tests . 
 i was upset with myself for putting myself in this exact predicament . 
 surely , we should have used protection . 
 had i not been part of some master plan , maybe i could have prevented all of this . 
 still , there i was , sitting on the floor of my empty place , in fear of what would be the result . 
 i took them all just to make sure they all came out the same . 
 there it was , right in front of me . 
 i think i was in shock ; unable to believe that it was even possible . 
 i cried and cried , not that it could change anything . 
 all my life , i 'd never considered having to get an abortion . 
 it went against everything that i 'd ever believed in . 
 after taking three tests , i was on the phone with the clinic , scheduling something that i did n't want to do . 
 i could n't raise a baby . 
 i could n't give it up for adoption , because i knew who would be first in line . 
 she 'd get wind of my situation and be there to take away my child . 
 once again , my sister was ripping my heart out . 
 had she thought about this result ? 
 had she known that i would suffer either way ? 
 my appointment was n't for two weeks and that just made my decision even harder . 
 as the days went by , my heart broke more by the second . 
 i moved into my new apartment , started my new job early , and tried to get by . 
 except , starting a new job , when my heart was elsewhere , made for bad first impressions . 
 i showed no initiative , because i did n't care about anything anymore . 
 all of the countless hours i 'd spent studying , all of the things that i 'd missed out on , had left me with regret . 
 i just did n't care about anything anymore . 
 if lightening were to strike me , or i 'd be hit by a car and die , it would have been a good thing . 
 giving up my baby , because it was the only means of protecting it , was the only option . 
 as the days got closer to my unborn child 's horrible fate , i contemplated ending my own life . 
 the idea of living a life and knowing what i 'd done was going to consume me forever . 
 now that i was out of school , and out on my own , i could n't expect an allowance from my parents . 
 not that they were even on speaking terms with me . 
 i 'd tried to contact them several instances , one time even pleading , but they refused to listen . 
 my sister had brainwashed them into thinking that i actually had tried to break up her marriage , by having an affair with stosh . 
 since they would n't talk to me by phone , i wrote them letters , in which i assume my sister intercepted . 
 it did n't even matter . 
 at the end of the day they were going to believe my grieving sister over me , even if her grieving was all a load of bullshit . 
 on the morning of my appointment i called a cab and threw up three times before the driver arrived . 
 i was shaking profusely and had no idea how i was going to force myself to walk inside of that clinic . 
 the waiting room was filled with young girls , seeking the same fate as i was . 
 we were all going to regret it , i was sure of that . 
 one day , we would walk by a mother and child and think about what it would have been like to hold our baby , to kiss our baby , to have our baby . 
 i only sat there for several minutes before i had to make a mad dash for the ladies room . 
 there , i splashed water on my face and told myself this was the only way . 
 the pain was just too new for me to be able to move on . 
 when they called my name to go back , i had to meet with a counselor . 
 it was good they had them there , for the girls who were unsure of what they wanted . 
 they wanted all options to be weighed before we took that final step . 
 several hours later , i was calling a cab and heading home . 
 i 'd made my bed , now i was going to have to lay in it . 
 i was keeping my baby . 
 determined to turn my life around , i decided not to tell stoshua the truth . 
 if he really loved me , he would want to be with me even if there was no baby . 
 it took me three days to conjure up the nerve to call him . 
 i do n't know why i had to talk to him , but something told me that i just had to know if his feelings were real . 
 i had to know if he was going to destroy my sister . 
 i called when he was at work , knowing my sister would n't be anywhere near him . 
 as far as i knew , they were n't together , but i 'd been lied to before , so i had to make sure i was protecting myself . 
 willow ? 
 are you alright ? 
 i 'm surprised to hear from you . 
 i thought you 'd written me off . 
 not yet . 
 i started to cry immediately . 
 i do n't get why , because talking to him was n't exactly difficult for me . 
 i guess i just wanted a place to belong . 
 i felt so alone , like there was nobody that could heal my heart . 
 the longer it had been from me hearing from stosh , the more i realized that i could n't just get over him . 
 i hated him , but i loved him just as much . 
 still , i needed to do this . 
 i had to go on with my life and this was the only way to make that happen . 
 what 's wrong , babe ? 
 are you pregnant ? 
 not anymore . 
 what does that mean ? 
 did you miscarry ? 
 no ! 
 tell me you did n't , will . 
 please say you did n't do it ? 
 i had no choice ! 
 the line went quiet and then i heard sniffling . 
 i started to cry harder . 
 say something . 
 it hurts . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 i just thought ... you thought what ? 
 did you think we could just run off into the sunset and raise our child ? 
 did you think that we could get away from her and her mind games ? 
 yeah , i guess i did . 
 well , you 're wrong , stosh . 
 life does n't work that way . 
 my parents would help her . 
 she has a vendetta and she wo n't stop until we both have nothing . 
 she can take away everything i have , but she could never take away my love for you , willow . 
 i know you do n't believe me , but it 's true . 
 she kept us apart for too long . 
 what 's done is done , but i still want to be with you . 
 i only want to be with you . 
 he was more serious , while i was still a crying mess . 
 you do n't know how badly i want to believe that . 
 i miss my parents . 
 they wo n't talk to me . 
 she 's got them believing all of her lies . 
 i 'm so alone . 
 text me your new address . 
 why ? 
 because , i 'm coming there . 
 i 'm tired of this bullshit . 
 she wants to play games , i 'll play my own . 
 if she wants everyone believing that we 're together , i say we give them a show . 
 stosh , you ca n't ! 
 i 'll see you soon , will . 
 i love you so much . 
 i did n't get a chance to say it back , and i was n't sure i was even ready to . 
 he knew how i felt and now i just had to figure out what that meant for us . 
 i text him my address , but he never text back . 
 a knock on my door sent me running toward it . 
 stosh stood there with a suitcase in one hand and a smile on his face . 
 chapter 13 do n't stop , wo n't stop , ca n't stop . 
 i do n't know how fast it takes the hormones to start working , but i found myself running into his arms . 
 all i wanted to feel was support and understanding . 
 i needed to know that someone still loved me . 
 i needed him . 
 `` i did n't expect that . '' 
 he smiled and pulled away far enough to look at me . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 i smiled , but remembered that this was a test . 
 `` prove it . '' 
 he raised one eyebrow . 
 `` willow , i 've spent the last two months kicking myself for what i did to you . 
 i 'll prove it to you , i promise . '' 
 i grabbed his hand and pulled him into my new apartment . 
 it was n't extravagant , but i could afford it on my salary . 
 it had two bedrooms and one bathroom . 
 since i lived by myself , i did n't need a master bathroom to make me happy . 
 the kitchen was galley style with bars on the opposite side , which happened to be in the same space as the living room . 
 it was mine and that was what was important . 
 stosh looked around the place . 
 he led me back to my bedroom and sat me down on my bed . 
 he picked up my hands and brought them to his lips . 
 i watched him close his eyes and run one of my hands over his cheek . 
 `` i think about the way your skin feels . '' 
 i could n't admit to him that i 'd practically memorized everything about him . 
 instead , i closed my eyes and imagined the way it felt when he kissed me . 
 i felt something touching my mouth and realized it was his fingers . 
 we were alone , the door locked behind us . 
 stosh came there to be with me . 
 i know i was supposed to be testing him , but i could n't hold back my need to touch him . 
 i ran my hands over his shirt , across his chest . 
 our eyes were on each other and i do n't even know if i was blinking . 
 everything in the room began to spin , when his hands went from my hips to my waist . 
 i felt his fingers sliding under my shirt . 
 right away , i lifted my arms , giving him the permission to remove it . 
 every inch gave me chills , knowing what it was leading to . 
 a moan escaped from his throat and it intensified the situation . 
 our mouths met for the first time . 
 each stroke of his tongue was like i was waking up . 
 i could feel it down to my bones and the magnificent sensations overwhelmed me , just like our first time . 
 we both had so much pent up animosity that it was hard to breathe . 
 our kisses were ravenous and the room filled with our pure lust for one another . 
 it was impossible to think about anything else except for what was happening between us . 
 i was under his tantric spell and it was intensifying by the second . 
 his lips were wet as he drug them against mine . 
 our teeth collided as he climbed on the bed on top of me . 
 i loved feeling his strong body pressed into mine . 
 i reached my hands up his shirt , tugging it off the same way he 'd done mine . 
 i wasted no time finding his belt and unhooking it , so i could reach my hand down his pants and touch what i craved to have inside of me again . 
 while i explored , he lifted my legs up , positioning me like he was ready to enter me . 
 i cried out into the room , feeling his desire matching mine . 
 my mission was to feel his love , but his need was enough to appease me for the moment . 
 the rest of our clothes came off and were thrown all over the room . 
 i did n't care about the mess or finding them later . 
 all i wanted to do was be naked with this man . 
 when all of our clothes had been removed and the dry humping was enough to pump us up , i was trembling when i felt him teasing my entrance with his hard shaft . 
 the more he rubbed it over my throbbing clit , the more i cried out in pleasure . 
 as much as i wanted him to penetrate me , i was getting off by his touch . 
 he was so hard , pushing against my soft pu ** y. my body arched as the jolt of sensations took effect . 
 i dug my fingers into his shoulders , using my own strength to grind my body against his . 
 he knew i wanted him and i did n't want to wait much longer to have it all . 
 i moved my hips , hard , causing him to groan loudly . 
 hearing his course voice making those sounds was so erotic . 
 he kissed me , teasing me with his tongue . 
 `` i want you so bad . 
 tell me i can . '' 
 `` please ! 
 i need you . '' 
 his hard shaft entered me , stretching my tight walls and making me gasp . 
 i cried out , feeling it rip me open , like it had the first time we were together . 
 my legs wrapped around his ass as we got into a steady groove . 
 he used his strong arms to pull us up to a sitting position . 
 i began to bounce my body up and down overtop of him . 
 the friction caused intense sensations and soon enough , i could feel my body giving out . 
 i let myself lose control , knowing that the euphoria i was feeing was only going to be a temporary high . 
 stosh must have gotten off , on watching me . 
 he pushed me back down and put my legs over each of his shoulders . 
 his thrusts were powerful , moving my body across the whole bed each time we smacked together . 
 it did n't take stosh long to start convulsing . 
 he held his body still and filled me with his own orgasm . 
 my legs fell down his sides and we held each other on top of the covers . 
 i felt him playing with the long strands of my hair . 
 `` i hate that i hurt you . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 he pulled me close so he could kiss the side of my head . 
 `` there 's never going to be enough time to make up for what 's been taken from you . 
 i hate myself for being a part of that pain . '' 
 i reached my arm across his chest and sat up to look directly in his eyes . 
 i could see the pain reflected back at me . 
 `` i wish i could snap my fingers and forget about all of it , but we both know that is n't how things work . 
 i need time , stosh . 
 it 's all just too recent for me to be able to fully recover . 
 the pain is still new and i need to heal inside before i can begin to forgive . 
 i hope you understand . '' 
 he looked even sadder . 
 `` i get it . 
 i mean , i do n't like it , but i get it . '' 
 he just held me for the longest time , there in my bed , without saying another word . 
 being in his arms made me feel like i was n't alone anymore . 
 part of me did n't want him to ever let go . 
 i was n't a fool . 
 i knew he 'd betrayed me , but the extent of his deception was n't unforgivable . 
 if stosh was telling me the truth , and he did do all of that for a chance to be with me , i could n't exactly hate him . 
 it was almost like a desperate plea . 
 i got that he plotted with my sister , but he was there with me , just me . 
 further into the night , we climbed under the covers and slept . 
 as much as i wanted to have hot magical sex with the man , we still needed rest to be able to perform . 
 i had so much weighing on me , especially the fact that i had n't gone through with the abortion . 
 now , i was the one keeping the secrets . 
 the decision that i 'd made was life changing , but the most important part of it was keeping my secret safe until i knew that stosh could be trusted . 
 i was n't going to be naive and let my guard down when it came to that . 
 the next morning , i woke to the smell of coffee . 
 i stretched , went in the bathroom to freshen up , and even made sure my hair was decent , before going out to look for stosh . 
 i found him watching the sports channel . 
 he had a cup of coffee in one hand and an apple fritter in the other . 
 `` good morning , beautiful . '' 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` i bet you say that to all the girls . '' 
 `` only the ones that put out . '' 
 he winked and took another bite of his fritter . 
 `` this tastes so good . '' 
 he was making these faces like it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted . 
 `` oh , sorry . 
 did you want one ? '' 
 i walked into the kitchen and found a box from a local bakery . 
 inside were three more fritters . 
 i peeked out past the breakfast bar and saw him smiling . 
 `` are you trying to earn brownie points ? '' 
 `` is it working ? '' 
 i grabbed one and took a bite , savoring the taste for a second . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` your coffee is in the microwave . 
 i was n't sure how much beauty rest was required to keep up that model like appearance . '' 
 i picked up the roll of paper towels and tossed them at him . 
 `` i 'll have you know that i look like this every day even without sleep ! '' 
 he just shook his head and laughed at me . 
 `` i bet you do ! '' 
 once i had my coffee heated , i went and cuddled up next to stosh . 
 i wrapped my arms around his upper body . 
 `` this is nice . '' 
 `` this is how it 's supposed to be . '' 
 he picked up one of my hands and intertwined our fingers . 
 i liked seeing them bound together , like we were one , and nothing was ever going to tear us apart . 
 at around ten in the morning , his phone started blowing up . 
 he finally had to put the thing on silent because we were tired of hearing it ring . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i tried to smile . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i know this is part of the process . '' 
 he kissed me again . 
 `` you 're worth it ! '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` maybe you should answer it . 
 they obviously are n't going to stop . 
 it could be something important . 
 he gave me a dirty look and picked up his phone . 
 `` hi , mom ... no ! 
 i 'm not discussing that with you ... i do n't care what she 's says ... it does n't matter where i am ... yes , i understand ... i know what 's at stake and i do n't care . 
 i will explain later . 
 just know that i 'm fine and i have my reasons ... okay , goodbye ! '' 
 i did n't want to ask what it was about . 
 it was obvious . 
 my sister had called his parents . 
 he grabbed my hand and wrapped it around his own body . 
 `` apparently , she 's keeping tabs on me . 
 i have n't even heard from her and the day i leave town she 's calling my parents . 
 she 's like a f ** king stalker . '' 
 `` i assume they 're mad ? '' 
 `` they do n't understand . 
 they think i 've been unfaithful to a perfect wife . 
 they have no clue that she 's a monster , nobody does . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do ! 
 that monster is doing her best to ruin my life . '' 
 he rubbed my cheek . 
 `` good thing your knight in shining armor is here to save the day . '' 
 `` you 're not wearing any metal , '' i teased . 
 `` keep joking and i wo n't be wearing anything '' it was a threat that i intended to see through . 
 `` i wo n't fight you on that decision , you know . '' 
 we both began to laugh . 
 things got quiet for a little while , but the longer it was like that , the longer i wondered what exactly his mother had said . 
 i wanted to know if i was the whore that ivy had made me out to be . 
 it crushed me thinking about those people hating me for something that was n't even true . 
 `` stosh , do your parents hate me ? '' 
 i lifted my head off of his chest and looked right at him . 
 `` they do n't know the truth , will . 
 it does n't matter what they think . 
 when all the truth comes out , they 'll love you as much as i do . '' 
 his words were reassuring , but they did n't make me feel any better . 
 it was hard to be hated by someone . 
 it was harder to consider that one day , they could possibly be my in - laws . 
 i did n't want that kind of animosity between us from the start . 
 we did n't have time to wait for ivy to screw up . 
 it was up to me to take her down . 
 chapter 14 twin envy . 
 it had n't taken ivy long to locate her estranged husband . 
 she should have known she could find him in my bed , where he belonged . 
 i had n't pitched my plan to stosh , but after just one night with him , i knew his intentions were real . 
 it was n't in the way he was acting , or even treating me . 
 somehow , i just knew it . 
 i could feel it every time we touched . 
 it was n't until later that afternoon that i started getting the hateful messages . 
 he 's with you is n't he ? 
 - i answer me , bitch ! 
 - i he 's mine ! 
 just remember that ! 
 he always comes running to me . 
 - i each message made me more angry . 
 i think stosh knew it , because he continued reassuring me that she was just blowing smoke . 
 i wanted nothing more than to believe him , but this was still a test . 
 i had to be sure , before i could tell him about my pregnancy . 
 the threats continued late into the night . 
 the more my phone rang , the more we ignored it . 
 however , she did manage to kill the mood for me . 
 poor stosh begged me to go out for a movie , but all i wanted to do was sulk and stay held up in my apartment . 
 i felt like if we stepped out of the building , we were n't going to be safe . 
 we ordered from a local chinese delivery and watched movies in the living room while we ate out of the little white boxes . 
 stosh tried to make me laugh , by attempting to eat using chopsticks . 
 he 'd dropped most of his food back into the boxes , by the time it made it to his mouth . 
 after dinner , his phone started ringing again . 
 like the first time , he ignored the calls , but after a while , it just got annoying . 
 he took the battery out and tossed the two pieces on the table . 
 `` where were we ? '' 
 our lips met and soon our one kiss became many . 
 just like every time something was going good , we were distracted once more . 
 this time , it was my cell phone that was ringing . 
 after three times , i ran into my room , where i 'd had it charging , to see what could possibly be so urgent . 
 the number was one that i recognized . 
 i remembered the day that i 'd given stosh that number when we first planned to study together . 
 it was my parent 's house number . 
 hello ? 
 willow , this is your father . 
 i need you to tell me the truth , right now . 
 do you know where stoshua is ? 
 i looked toward the doorway and did n't see him anywhere near my bedroom . 
 no ! 
 please do n't lie to me about this . 
 there 's been an accident and he needs to get home . 
 do you know any other way of getting in touch with him ? 
 dad , i know you do n't believe me , but i did n't have an affair with him . 
 i saw the pictures . 
 i think i know my own daughter when i see her . 
 this is n't even about that right now . 
 you 're sister has just been taken by ambulance . 
 she tried to kill herself , willow . 
 do you see what you 've done ? 
 do you see what you 've caused ? 
 i did n't do anything ! 
 this was all her ! 
 nonsense . 
 if you care about this family at all , you 'll find that man and have him come to the hospital . 
 he hung up on me before i could plead my case . 
 maybe , for a split second , i felt concerned about ivy . 
 she was my blood , and unlike her , i had a conscience and a heart . 
 still , whether this was her plan , or her really being that depressed , it was all her own fault . 
 she 'd done it to herself . 
 ivy had made the life she was living . 
 i sat my phone down and considered not telling him , but when he came into the doorway , i knew i could n't hide it from him . 
 `` that was my father . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` ivy 's in the hospital . '' 
 i looked down , afraid of what his face would look like when he heard the news . 
 `` she tried to kill herself . '' 
 the room was quiet and it forced me to look up at him . 
 he had his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` i take it she 's still alive ? '' 
 `` apparently . '' 
 he sat down and put his arm around me . 
 `` do you think she 's faking it ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` who knows . 
 i 'm the last one to ask about her actions . 
 she was someone else around me our whole lives . '' 
 `` well , you 're parents are doctors . 
 i would assume they would be able to tell , do n't you ? '' 
 `` one would think ! '' 
 i pulled away from him . 
 `` do you have to leave ? '' 
 i pushed the hair away from my face . 
 `` i wo n't go anywhere without you by my side . 
 if we go back to town , you 're coming with me . '' 
 my heart could have beat out of my chest like you see on cartoons . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you would show everyone that we 're together ? '' 
 `` you 're damn right i would . '' 
 he froze and then got the biggest smile across his face . 
 `` wait ! 
 did you just say we were together ? '' 
 `` i guess i did . '' 
 i felt a little shy about saying it out loud again . 
 `` hold on a minute . 
 did you tell them i was here ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` they just assumed ? '' 
 `` dad asked if you were . 
 i told him that i did n't know where you were . '' 
 he kissed me slowly , letting his lips linger over mine , before he pulled away . 
 `` the next time they call , i will answer . 
 it 's time that everyone knows that i 'm here with you and i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i have money saved up that ivy does n't know about , but i have to be careful . 
 she 's smart and she knows her way around a computer . 
 i caught her snooping one night a few years ago . 
 i think it hit her hard when she figured out my password . '' 
 i was a little confused . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it was willow . '' 
 i was taken back , at first , realizing that even when they were supposed to be at their happiest , i was the one who held his heart . 
 he smiled , knowing that his confession had earned him more of those brownie points . 
 i literally pounced on him . 
 while pinning him to my bed , i looked down at my willing prisoner . 
 `` i want you to f ** k me then take me in the shower and wash me . '' 
 his eyes opened wide at my request . 
 i felt his strong arms pulling me down against his body . 
 `` yes , ma'am ! '' 
 he flipped us over , wasting no time removing my t - shirt and shorts . 
 i did n't feel modest being around him . 
 he was my choice , and for that reason , it was easy to be completely naked with him . 
 after finagling his own shorts and shirt off , he pulled me back into his arms . 
 i climbed on top of him , straddling him like i was in position . 
 i reached down and began stroking him , making him even harder than he already was . 
 he ran his hands up to my br ** sts and pushed them together , licking them at the same time , while watching the expression on my face . 
 each time his tongue crossed over the ni ** les , i bit down on my lip and had to close my eyes to keep them from rolling in the back of my head . 
 he circled his own saliva around each tip and blew cold air on them . 
 my body tingled and my hand stroked him harder . 
 i began to tease my own pu ** y with his shaft , rocking my body over it . 
 i watched the tip of his c ** k rubbing against my bud . 
 he moaned and looked down as well . 
 i stroked it faster , getting a groove going with my hand and my body movements . 
 he grabbed my hair and pulled my face close enough to lick my lips with his tongue . 
 i tried to bite him , but he controlled my actions by holding my hair . 
 i liked it when he pulled . 
 it turned me on more . 
 soon , i was rocking even faster , overwhelmed with pleasure . 
 he drug his teeth over my neck and bit down as i cried out , `` more ! 
 please ! '' 
 when he knew that i was at my breaking point , he pushed my hand away and entered me , filling me with his hard cock . 
 jolts of blissful sensations filled every inch of my body . 
 i arched my back and laid down with my back on his legs . 
 he could see everything and i loved the way it felt with my body in this position . 
 `` oh yeah , babe . 
 i want you to come again . 
 show me how you love it . '' 
 he rubbed my clit , putting enough pressure to send me over the edge . 
 the whole while , he watched himself sliding in and out of me . 
 i saw his face scrunch up and his body tightening . 
 i could feel it pumping and erupting and i knew that he 'd reached his happy place . 
 once he regained enough composure , he pulled me back up and kissed me , slowly , passionately , like we were the only people to exist in the world . 
 nothing felt better than him being inside of me . 
 he abruptly separated us and stood up , his penis still half erect . 
 without an explanation , he held out his hand for me to take . 
 `` your shower awaits . '' 
 i smiled and placed my hand in his . 
 he led me to the hall bathroom and ran our water . 
 i 'd fantasized about this and it did n't compare to how it all was playing out . 
 i had to keep pinching myself to prove that i was n't just dreaming all of this . 
 stoshua was there , in my apartment . 
 we were together and nobody was going to come between us . 
 it was perfect . 
 he washed my hair , massaging it , while he scrubbed . 
 i closed my eyes and felt so relaxed . 
 i guess that 's what it took for me to be able to come up with a way out of this mess . 
 as soon as the idea hit me , i knew i had to share it with stosh , being that he would have to help me make it happen . 
 of course , i waited until he was completely done washing us . 
 far be it from me to stop a man with lathered up hands from touching me everywhere possible . 
 it was surreal , being there with him , knowing that we were together as a couple . 
 somehow , being there , was like the memory of my sister never existed . 
 we were caught in the momentary bliss of what was happening between us . 
 i did n't care that he was married , or that it was with my sister . 
 all i cared about was sharing the rest of my life with him . 
 while he washed my back , and kissed my shoulders , i thought about the baby growing inside of me . 
 even though his intentions were n't the best , we made it out of love . 
 his desperate and selfish attempts to spend a weekend with me had panned out for a lifetime of happiness , with me and his child . 
 all i had to do was make it all happen . 
 my plan was going to work , because it was something i was good at . 
 i 'd worked too hard to give up everything , but even what i was sacrificing would be enough to keep us happy and together . 
 my sister took everything from me , without any regret . 
 i was going to take it all back , and then some . 
 when i was done with her , she 'd have nothing but a ten - by - ten padded room . 
 i was nervous to tell him , at first , but when my plan started making sense , he jumped on board . 
 it was already midnight and we had a long drive ahead of us , so we packed up as much as we could and headed back to our hometown . 
 we were on a mission and nothing was going to stand in our way . 
 we 'd waited too long already to be able to be together . 
 this was our chance to take back everything she 'd ever taken from us . 
 if it all worked out , we 'd have our families on our side and a happily ever after . 
 stosh held my hand as he drove . 
 we talked about how everything was going to play out . 
 he squeezed my hand when we were half way there . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? 
 i mean , you realize what we 'll be risking ? '' 
 `` i know i could go to jail , if that 's what your implying . '' 
 i was aware that what i was doing was extremely dangerous . 
 `` she took my life stosh . 
 now , i 'm going to take hers . '' 
 chapter 15 to be or not to be ... me . 
 we made it back to town around four in the morning . 
 after stopping by the house that he shared with ivy , we made our way to my parent 's house . 
 we were only there to make sure they were both home . 
 in order for our plan to work , we had to move while nobody was at the hospital . 
 once we knew that no family had spent the night , we headed into the hospital . 
 my sister would be under a watch , since she 'd attempted to commit suicide , if that 's what she had done at all . 
 either way , she was right where i needed her to be . 
 most hospitals had different wards that they locked down after visiting hours , in which you would need a card to get in . 
 that 's where stosh came into play . 
 his job was to play the desperate husband , who had been out of town and just found out about his wife 's situation . 
 we were afraid it was n't going to work out , and did n't have another plan in order if that happened . 
 luckily , stosh ended up knowing the nurse , so he was able to slide in without a commotion being caused . 
 once inside , he sent me a message , letting me know he was in the room and she was asleep . 
 the tricky part was to get me in the room . 
 i do n't know what made him think of it , but he somehow chimed an alarm for one of the other rooms . 
 while the attending nurses went running , he came and opened the locked door to let me in . 
 we slid back into her room , without anyone even noticing . 
 my sister was asleep and strapped to her bed . 
 i think i actually smiled when i saw her like that . 
 she looked so peaceful , and in that position , she could n't hurt anyone . 
 there was never a doubt that i was going to go through with the plan . 
 taking her down was the objective , and no matter what i had to go through , it was going to happen . 
 stosh stood back and let me approach the bed . 
 he should n't have been so trusting because without even thinking , i slapped her right in the face . 
 her eyes shot open and she tried to sit up , but realized she was strapped down . 
 when she tried to scream , i put my hand over her mouth , so nobody could hear . 
 stosh pulled out the prescription bottle of sleeping pills and we shoved a few down her throat , forcing her to swallow them . 
 i forced a washrag in her mouth , to prevent her from spitting and making a sound . 
 once we knew the pills had dissolved , we had to sit there for a good thirty minutes before they started working . 
 while waiting , she desperately tried to free herself several times . 
 i loved seeing her suffer and watching her realize that her plans to destroy me had gone very wrong . 
 it was almost better than sex to see her scared . 
 this was the pivotal moment when that little bitch realized her fate . 
 since stosh and i had a long drive , we had plenty of time to get our plans in order . 
 we were going to set off the fire alarm , giving us enough time to make the switch . 
 he hugged me and kissed me on the forehead while my sister watched with wide eyes . 
 `` you ready for this ? '' 
 i looked right at her . 
 `` nothing is going to stop me from being with you , stoshua . 
 never again ! '' 
 tears filled her eyes and i knew i 'd hit a nerve . 
 i 'd finally discovered what it felt like and why she craved it . 
 i felt like i was on top of the world . 
 revenge was evil and it felt so good . 
 when her eyes started getting heavy , i leaned over close to her ear . 
 `` did you think you 'd win him back by pulling this stunt ? 
 you really think i was just going to let you win ? '' 
 i ran my fingers over her lips . 
 `` my lips are the only ones he 's ever going to kiss . 
 it will be me he comes home to everyday . 
 we 're going to be so happy . '' 
 i stood up straight at looked at stosh . 
 `` paybacks are a real bitch , sis . 
 you always said i was the smart one . 
 you never should have messed with someone that could take you down a million times over . 
 i considered lots of ways , but this one will hurt you the most . '' 
 stosh cleared his throat . 
 `` i could never hate anyone the way i hate you , ivy . 
 i never loved anyone like i love willow . 
 you 'll never be her . 
 i played you , like you tried to play me . 
 you led me right to her . 
 so , thanks for that ! '' 
 he patted her on the leg and winked at me . 
 i felt chills realizing that he was utterly and completely mine . 
 we just had to tie up loose ends , literally . 
 when ivy was finally knocked out , we wasted no time switching our clothes . 
 stosh would have only a certain amount of time to transport her out of the hospital without someone noticing . 
 we put her in a wheelchair , with one of her old purses on her lap . 
 i unfastened her hospital band and attached it to my arm . 
 stosh strapped me into the bed and kissed me passionately . 
 once i was secure , i started to panic . 
 `` stosh wait ! 
 you would n't be double crossing me , would you ? '' 
 i would just die if he left me there to rot . 
 he shook his head and started laughing . 
 `` no , will . 
 this was your idea remember ? 
 if you want to back out , we can strap her back up and leave right now . '' 
 i laughed it off . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was just wondering if i 'd just ended my existence . '' 
 he leaned over and kissed me . 
 `` i love you . 
 this is going to work . 
 i 'll see you in a couple of hours , once i get her secured . 
 it 's going to be a long day , babe . '' 
 i took a few deep breaths and looked over at my sleeping sister . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 he kissed me one more time before walking out of the room . 
 after a few minutes , i heard the alarm sounding . 
 i took a few deep breaths and watched him come in and grab the wheelchair . 
 `` see you in a bit . '' 
 he walked out and left me there , waiting and wondering if we were going to get away with it . 
 it all seems easy until we were knee deep in it . 
 then i started to wonder if i was going to spend the rest of my life in jail when we 'd been caught . 
 i wondered if stosh would be arrested as an accomplice . 
 i could have a child in jail and only be able to communicate with stosh through letters . 
 worry overwhelmed me , to the point where i felt sick . 
 of course , i was strapped to the bed , unable to change my mind about what i was doing . 
 did i really want to , though ? 
 i mean , this was what had to happen . 
 i wanted her gone . 
 i loved my sister , but she had to go down . 
 maybe , i too , had a vindictive side . 
 a nurse came in and i heard the ruckus outside my room as the emergency people scrambled to look for the fire or what had caused the alarm to go off . 
 since i could n't move , i did n't know stosh had made it out without being detected . 
 the next few hours were horrible for me . 
 all i could do was cry as i was strapped down to the bed , staring at the ceiling . 
 i could n't sleep , in fear of the police coming in and taking me away . 
 it seemed like forever had passed before stosh came walking into my hospital room . 
 he had a bouquet of fresh roses and had changed his clothes . 
 the smile on his face let me know that everything was okay . 
 he leaned down and kissed me . 
 `` i can only stay for a little while . 
 the attending physician is here to evaluate you . 
 you sure you can handle this ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 so , how was it ? '' 
 `` she slept , up until i got her in the house . 
 thank god we used those zip - ties . 
 she tried to free herself , but there was no way she could overpower me . 
 i got spit on a couple times and she called me every name in the book , not that i have n't heard it all before . 
 she threatened to kill me a few times and that she was going to skin you alive and make me watch . 
 i think that was my favorite threat . '' 
 my eyes got wide . 
 `` how did you respond ? '' 
 `` i told her that making love to you was the best thing that had every happened to me . '' 
 he kissed my lips . 
 `` i told her that i was completely in love with you . '' 
 he kissed me one more time . 
 `` i told her that i never loved her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that hit a nerve . '' 
 `` she 's pissed , not that i care . 
 i actually like seeing her suffer . 
 she deserves it . 
 all the years she kept us apart . 
 i wish i never listened to her . 
 i should have known how you felt the whole damn time . 
 i should have just asked you . '' 
 we were cut off when my father came walking into the room . 
 stosh stood up and faced him . 
 `` when did you get here ? '' 
 `` last night . '' 
 `` son , you and i need to have a man to man . '' 
 i could n't see their faces and it was driving me crazy . 
 `` sir , no disrespect , but i think ivy and i have to work things out ourselves . '' 
 `` and what about willow ? '' 
 `` that was a mistake . 
 she acted like ivy . 
 she said she was ivy . 
 it happened and i 'm sorry . 
 i get that you 'll never forget what i 've done to your daughter , but i plan on spending the rest of my life making things right . '' 
 we 'd rehearsed that part on the way there . 
 it was all part of the plan . 
 my dad put his hand on stosh 's shoulder . 
 `` i hope you make good on that promise . 
 my daughter loves you very much . 
 i know that she wants nothing more than to work things out . 
 we all make mistakes , but fixing things takes a lot of guts . '' 
 he walked over to me , rubbing the hair out of my face . 
 `` did you sleep well , sweetie ? '' 
 i missed my parents so much that i began to tear up and eventually started to sob . 
 `` i 'm sorry for disappointing you , daddy . 
 please do n't be mad . '' 
 it was how ivy would have played him . 
 `` it 's going to be alright . 
 your mother has arranged for her friend to treat you for your depression . 
 now that stoshua is here , i 'm sure we can get you released out of here . 
 i know the chief of staff and he owes me a few favors . '' 
 i was ecstatic that i could get out of the hospital before the allotted time required . 
 stosh threw me a wink . 
 `` if it 's alright with you , sir , i 'd like to take her straight home . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` dad , please ? 
 it 's what i want . 
 i want to be with stosh . 
 i just want things to go back to normal . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` your mother is going to be upset about this , ivy . 
 you know how she worries about you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 what happened last night was a mistake . 
 i wo n't do it again . 
 i promise . 
 i do n't want to die , daddy . 
 i just want to be happy . 
 i just want to go home . '' 
 i cried even more . 
 he rolled his eyes , but walked out of the room , grabbing his cell phone out of his pocket . 
 stosh came over to the bed . 
 he massaged my wrists . 
 `` are they on too tight ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 they are n't bad . '' 
 `` it 's a good thing your dad is a damn doctor . 
 i do n't know if i could handle sleeping without you tonight . '' 
 `` well , you 're getting pretty good about sneaking people in and out of hospitals . 
 i 'm sure we could have figured a way to be together . '' 
 i could n't help but feel giddy , thinking about being with stoshua . 
 he ran his fingers over my wrist restraints and removed one of them . 
 `` fuck the rules ! '' 
 i smiled and waited for my other hand to be free . 
 by the time my father made it back in the room , stosh was sitting on the bed hugging me . 
 my father looked pleased . 
 he had no clue that i was n't ivy . 
 my mother would be the one to convince , but since she had n't seen me in a while , and my father had seen me strapped to the bed , i did n't think she would question it . 
 i had to put on a show for her and the time had come . 
 she came in carrying a cup of coffee . 
 she was wearing scrubs , and i gathered that she must be performing some kind of procedure here at the hospital . 
 `` honey , i just got out of surgery . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i did n't get much sleep . 
 my stomach hurts . '' 
 my mother looked at stoshua . 
 `` you did this to her , you know . 
 you put her in this hospital bed . '' 
 he put his head down and i wondered if it was because he secretly wanted to smile . 
 `` i know . 
 how many times do i have to apologize for my actions ? '' 
 `` mom , stop ! 
 i ca n't deal with any more fighting . 
 i just want to go home and work things out with my husband . '' 
 saying that was never going to get old . 
 `` you 've been through something traumatic . 
 i 've cleared my schedule in order to stay home and care for you . '' 
 my mother was adamant . 
 `` i want to go to my house . 
 nothing is going to be solved until stosh and i can work out our problems . 
 we ca n't do that if i 'm at your house . 
 i appreciate the gesture , but i 'm going to be fine . '' 
 i was praying she would buy it . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was spend several days under the care of my doctor mother , while stoshua babysat my restrained sister . 
 she looked at stosh . 
 `` are you going to stand by my daughter this time , or run out on her again . '' 
 the question seemed funny to me , since he was still banging one of her daughters . 
 me being that person . 
 `` i promise . 
 she 's not leaving my side . '' 
 she threw her hands up in the air . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 she needs constant supervision ! '' 
 `` i 'm not a baby ! '' 
 `` you took a bottle of pain pills and drank them down with a glass of vodka . 
 i hardly think your decision making can be factored into this . '' 
 `` she 's my wife . 
 with all due respect , i 'm taking her home . '' 
 stosh had the last word . 
 my mother shook her head and gave up . 
 they all three went out in the hallway to discuss my release , while i dressed into my sister 's clothes . 
 by the time , stosh came back into the room , my parent 's had gone home . 
 he smiled when he saw me dressed and ready . 
 `` your dad made a few calls . 
 i already signed your release papers . 
 you 're free to go . '' 
 i did n't waste any time . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 we still have a lot of work to do . '' 
 he stopped me and reached for my hand . 
 `` this should have been on your finger for the last four years . '' 
 he slipped ivy 's wedding set onto my ring finger . 
 `` it 's official , you 're my wife . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` that 's funny , i do n't even remember our wedding . '' 
 `` let 's get out of here and talk about renewing those vows . 
 my wife needs to remember important moments like her wedding . '' 
 leaving the hospital was like being freed from a life time sentence in jail . 
 i almost ran out of those double doors . 
 the nurse gave me dirty looks , like my father had bent the rules and i was just his little charity case daughter . 
 i wanted to smack them all . 
 if they only knew what i 'd been through . 
 when we arrived back at his place , he leaned over and pulled me into a deep kiss . 
 `` are you ready for the second part of this plan of yours ? '' 
 `` i think i might just want to off her instead . '' 
 he got this shocked look on his face . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i smacked him on the shoulder . 
 `` killing her would be too easy . 
 i want her to suffer . '' 
 i clapped my hands together and rubbed them like i was some evil witch . 
 `` i 'm kind of scared of you right now . '' 
 i leaned over close enough to brush my lips against his . 
 `` you should be . 
 the demon in me has been awakened and it wo n't settle until she 's paid for what she 's done . '' 
 `` when your skin begins to turn green and you wear ruby slippers , i 'm ducking out of this plan . '' 
 we both began to laugh . 
 i needed to breathe and relax before we went inside . 
 it was going to be hard to torture my sister until she broke . 
 i was n't going to change my mind , but i was n't exactly cut out for torture . 
 chapter 16 may i have this dance ? 
 stosh was extremely lucky when it came to the property he rented . 
 the main house was far away from the pool house and the owners only lived in the house for three months out of the year . 
 part of stosh 's rental agreement called for him to care for the house while they were away . 
 even though nobody could hear her , stosh had still gagged her so she could n't scream . 
 i do n't think she expected to see me walking in the door . 
 she looked afraid and that was exactly how i wanted her to feel . 
 this was about torturing her to the brink of insanity and then repeating the process over and over . 
 willow was no longer the nice sister . 
 she 'd been replaced by someone who was spiteful and would n't stop until justice was served . 
 it was awesome seeing her tied to the bed and struggling to get free . 
 she knew i was n't screwing around anymore . 
 i walked over and ran my hands up stosh 's chest , making sure she was watching . 
 i grabbed the collar to his shirt and pulled him down to meet my lips . 
 i liked that our plan was working . 
 `` you like watching his lips on me ? 
 just wait until later . 
 you 're going to get the show of your life ! '' 
 i took stosh by the hand and we walked out into the living room . 
 i knew she 'd be in there , trapped and sobbing . 
 after i showered and got myself comfortable , we made sure the house was locked up and went out for a movie . 
 it was important for people to see us getting around together , like nothing had ever happened . 
 we did n't have to pretend to be in love , i do n't know which one of us was showing it more . 
 stosh could n't keep his hands off of me . 
 i could n't stop looking at him . 
 it all still felt like a dream . 
 i guess when you fantasize about something for as long as i did , it makes the reality of it hard to believe . 
 after the movie , we headed out to a coffee shop and talked about our future . 
 did i feel wicked ? 
 maybe a little . 
 i mean , i was n't an evil person . 
 i still did n't think i was going to go to hell for my actions . 
 what i was doing was n't right , but all is fair in love and war , right ? 
 we 'd been at the coffee shop for nearly an hour , when i got up to go to the bathroom . 
 some tall , attractive guy grabbed me at the waist and pulled me into a kiss . 
 i pulled away and slapped him . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` i 've been waiting all week to hear from you again . '' 
 he had an italian accent . 
 `` i do n't even know you . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and i pulled it away quickly . 
 `` cheri , surely you do . 
 i could never forget our nights together . '' 
 had my sister been having some hot affair behind stosh 's back ? 
 i wanted to know , but revealing to someone she knew that i was n't ivy , could ruin everything . 
 i had to be ivy , no matter what happened . 
 `` i 'm just playing . 
 things have gotten complicated at home . 
 we 're trying to work things out . '' 
 he raised his eyebrow . 
 `` you promised that we 'd be together soon . 
 you said it was going brilliantly . 
 tell me you have n't changed your mind . 
 we 've planned this for so long , my love . 
 you said once you ruined your sister and your husband , we could run away together . '' 
 this was a devastating blow . 
 i knew there was another piece of the puzzle . 
 stosh knew it too . 
 this was what he had n't told me . 
 `` things change . 
 people change . 
 i realized that i needed to try to be a better person . 
 please understand ? '' 
 he looked so sad and i honestly felt bad for him . 
 like one of her many puppets , she 'd strung him along . 
 maybe she really did want to run away . 
 maybe after she destroyed both me and stosh , she could finally move on and be happy . 
 it did n't matter anymore . 
 this could n't ruin my plan . . 
 we were in too deep to change our game . 
 `` please do n't say this . 
 i 've been so patient . 
 tell me we still have a chance . '' 
 i opened my mouth to speak and heard a familiar voice behind me . 
 `` leave her alone , rafe . 
 you heard her . 
 she said it 's over . '' 
 he moved in between us , like he was prepared to fight for my honor . 
 it was pretty sexy , even though the situation was n't ideal for me to be turned on . 
 rafe looked at me . 
 `` is this true ? '' 
 i looked down , pretending to be upset about it . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm very sorry . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 he shook his head and walked away without another word . 
 `` that was awkward . '' 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 i cocked my eyebrow . 
 `` were you planning on telling me that ivy was leaving you ? '' 
 `` was she ? '' 
 he scratched his head and smiled . 
 `` i did n't know that . 
 i mean , i know she was seeing him . 
 i was having them watched . 
 she was so careful about where they met . 
 i knew she was up to something , but i did n't know what it was , i swear . '' 
 `` according to him , when she was done destroying us , they were going to run away together . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 well , her plan backfired . '' 
 `` i 'll say . 
 i almost feel bad for him . '' 
 he grabbed the back of my arms and pulled me close . 
 `` i do n't . 
 for a long time i wanted her to find someone else . '' 
 `` too bad she wanted to ruin our lives before she left . 
 it would have saved us a lot of grief . '' 
 he kissed my forehead . 
 `` if you were n't such a perfect child , she would n't have become the spawn of satan . '' 
 i smacked his chest . 
 `` do n't even joke . 
 you know it was n't like that . 
 she 's loony for thinking that . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i did n't really want to go home and be around my sister . 
 `` can we go somewhere else ? '' 
 he grabbed my hand . 
 `` i know the perfect place . '' 
 he drove us to the parking lot of our high school . 
 `` did you bring me here to make out ? 
 that 's pretty cliche . '' 
 `` you love cliche . '' 
 he was right about that . 
 i did like a good romantic cliche . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he leaned over in the seat and smiled . 
 `` i like hearing you say it . '' 
 `` it 's nice to be able to . 
 i 'm getting worried we are n't going to be able to pull this off . 
 so much can go wrong . '' 
 he moved the hair away from my face . 
 `` no matter what , we 're going to be together . 
 nothing can keep us apart , willow . 
 i do n't care what we have to go through . 
 nothing can be as painful as what we 'd been through already . 
 i just feel so bad for what you had to do without me . 
 i 'd never want you to have to make that decision without me . '' 
 he was right about that . 
 i never wanted to feel as alone as i had when my sister had taken me down . 
 he was wrong about the other thing though . 
 our baby was growing inside of me . 
 i wanted to tell him , more than anything else , but we had to get through all of this crap before that could happen . 
 `` i hope one day we can be a family , stosh . '' 
 the pain in his eyes ripped out my soul . 
 i had to keep in mind that i was protecting our baby . 
 in the long run , he would respect my decision . 
 i hoped . 
 he opened his car door , but not before turning on satellite radio to the love station . 
 i giggled and watched him run around to my side of the car . 
 he opened the door and held out his hand for me . 
 i placed my hand in his and let him pull me out of the car . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 he held me close against his chest and reached our hands out like we were about to dance . 
 `` i 'm giving you the prom you never had . '' 
 we started swaying around his car to a variety of romantic songs that were playing . 
 i was n't going to argue with his cheesy attempt . 
 i actually loved it . 
 after a while , we held hands and walked out onto the football field . 
 well , we almost made it on the field . 
 stosh pressed me between the concession stand , and his body , for a hot kiss that left me weak in the knees . 
 when he pulled away i was breathless and craving more . 
 i grabbed his shirt and pulled him down to my lips for another one , this time i did n't let our lips part . 
 our tongues vigorously danced , just as we had done in the parking lot . 
 his hands explored my body , like no other man on the planet could . 
 when he reached my br ** sts and guided his fingertips under my bra , i knew what was going to happen . 
 the moment he touched my hardened ni ** les , i was his for the taking . 
 i pulled away from his lips just enough to speak . 
 `` take me . '' 
 he did n't hesitate as he lifted my shirt above my head and crouched down to suck on one of my ni ** les . 
 i leaned my body back against the building and closed my eyes . 
 someone could have been watching us , and i did n't even care . 
 in fact , it made me want to do it more . 
 slowly , stosh removed my shorts and my underwear . 
 he kissed the smooth skin over my pu ** y and then , without a second to spare , he dove in with his tongue , reaching that most tender spot . 
 his tongue was like a trained machine , offering a steady pace to my tiny bud . 
 i ran my hands through his hair and looked down to watch him enjoying how he was pleasing me . 
 soft moans were both heard and felt as they vibrated off of my skin . 
 i cried out something that was n't even a real word as he sent me to the moment of physical bliss . 
 once my body relaxed , he remained down there , placing tiny tongue filled kisses all over my lips . 
 my body trembled from desire . 
 he reached up with his hands and spread me open , kissing the most inside part visible . 
 i felt his tongue invading my canal as he moved it in and out . 
 his thumb rubbed my , now throbbing , bud . 
 i could n't even keep a hold on his hair . 
 the palms of my hands pressed flat against the concrete wall i was leaning on . 
 i cried out again , into the dark night , hearing my voice echo off the long field we were so close to . 
 stosh finally stopped . 
 `` mmm , i just ca n't get enough of you . 
 i love the way you taste , babe . '' 
 i grabbed his hair and pulled him back up to my lips , kissing him hard and tasting myself on his tongue . 
 i started unbuckling his pants and used my legs to rip them down . 
 once he was sprung free , i grabbed his ass and pulled him close to me , so i could feel his hard c ** k pressing against me . 
 i pulled away and licked his lips . 
 `` fuck me , stosh . 
 fuck me right here , right now . '' 
 he picked me up with one swoop and kept me leaning against the wall . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist and felt him positioning his stiff erection at my entrance . 
 i rocked a little , letting him know i wanted it immediately . 
 he let out a little chuckle and slammed it inside of me . 
 i gasped , feeling pain and pleasure at the same time . 
 instead of getting to a good pace , he continued to slam it in and then take it completely back out . 
 i begged for more . 
 `` please ... do n't stop ! '' 
 `` you like being f ** ked ? '' 
 he licked my lips . 
 i grabbed him by the hair and kissed him roughly . 
 feeling his tongue sliding over mine gave me more chills . 
 with our lips still together , i opened my eyes and looked into his . 
 our noses were touching and all i could feel was his hot breath against my mouth . 
 `` harder . 
 mmm , i want it harder . '' 
 he slammed into me , shoving my back against the wall violently . 
 i could feel the tingling again , more every time he slammed into me . 
 i hated when it was removed , but i loved it when it slid right back in . 
 i held onto him , so tight that we almost had to continue kissing . 
 i could feel his sweat and taste it on his skin . 
 his fingernails dug into my ass as he slammed into me one more final time before erupting his load inside of me . 
 i kept my legs wrapped around him and bit down on my lip , finally letting my head fall back against the building . 
 he buried his head into my neck and tried to catch his breath . 
 `` willow , '' was all he could say . 
 it took a while for both of us to be able to walk back to the car . 
 once our bodies separated and we were able to both stand on our own two feet , we held hands and walked slowly , enjoying the light of the moon as our guide . 
 i leaned my head against his arm as we walked . 
 `` thanks for taking me to the prom tonight . '' 
 `` the dance was worth it , considering how well you put out afterwards . '' 
 we both laughed . 
 `` you know ... i would have put out when we were in high school , too . 
 i thought about it often and had mentally prepared myself for when the time came . '' 
 he shook his head and started to laugh again . 
 `` now you tell me . 
 i think i might have beat off to your image as soon as i got home the first day of school . '' 
 i pushed him away and began to giggle again . 
 `` shut up ! 
 i do n't want to know that . '' 
 i continued laughing . 
 `` you ca n't even imagine the things i had you doing . '' 
 `` stosh ! 
 seriously ! '' 
 he came over and put his arm around me . 
 `` none of it compared to how it really feels to be with you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and smiled at him as we came up to the car . 
 `` you 're so lucky i like you . '' 
 he turned me around before i could open the car door . 
 `` will , are you sure this is what you want to do ? 
 we can think of something else . 
 we do n't have to go through with this if you 're having doubts . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 i know what i 'm risking and i know what i 'm giving up . '' 
 i 'd sent my new boss an email , telling him thanks for the opportunity . 
 i let him know that i had a family emergency and i needed to take , at least a month to work it out . 
 unfortunately , it meant i had to forfeit the job . 
 my apartment manager was n't happy with my notice , but since i had paid a security deposit and first and last months rent , he had plenty of time to find a new tenant . 
 with the plan that i had in mind , it was important that my place stay the way it was until the time was right . 
 we were risking so much and i was just praying that it was going to work . 
 chapter 17 did n't see that coming . 
 stosh opened my side of the car door and let me in first . 
 i was so fixated on watching him walk around to his side of the car that i did n't notice there was something off . 
 upon climbing into the driver 's seat , stosh and i were met with a sudden startle . 
 on the steering wheel was a post - it note . 
 i wo n't let you take her from me . 
 stosh crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it out the window . 
 he leaned his head down on the steering wheel . 
 `` are you going to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 i was kind of scared . 
 he looked at me . 
 `` this can only be one person . '' 
 he climbed out of the car and started pacing around , using profanities . 
 i jumped out and walked around to where he was flipping out . 
 `` stosh , what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` jesus , will , do i have to spell it out for you ? 
 who would be following us around , trying to get revenge ? 
 who did we run into earlier ? '' 
 `` that guy rafe ? '' 
 i could n't believe i had n't thought about it . 
 apparently , i was too caught up in what was happening in my own life to consider obstacles were n't going to come into play . 
 `` yeah . 
 that guy . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i did n't know they were that serious . 
 this could ruin everything ! '' 
 i walked up to him and grabbed his arms . 
 he was reluctant at first . 
 `` he 's just hurt . 
 it will pass . 
 i 'm sure he feels used and betrayed . '' 
 `` you better hope that 's all this is . 
 i hardly think that leaving someone a threatening note is harmless . '' 
 he had a point , but i was n't about to admit it . 
 this plan had to work . 
 we could n't risk having someone come into the picture and spoiling it all . 
 stosh looked around the empty parking lot . 
 `` we need to get out of here . '' 
 the ride home lacked any kind of romance , as stosh continued freaking out in various ways . 
 he was a kind man that had been done wrong too many times . 
 it made it obvious that he did n't want anything coming in the way of us being together . 
 i could n't blame him for that . 
 when lies have kept you apart , there is little room to feel confidant about things working out , when conflict comes into play . 
 i got why he was worried , i just chose to stay on task and ignore it . 
 when we got home , we had to check on ivy . 
 feeding her was going to be a task , but i could n't just let her starve . 
 we 'd stopped at a fast food place and got enough food to feed all three of us . 
 once we got her food all set out , stosh brought her out into the living room , while still keeping her hands bound together . 
 there was no way i was just going to let her sit with us any other way . 
 i removed the gag . 
 `` so help me god , if you scream this goes back on and you do n't eat . 
 got it ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 i removed the gag and watched her move her jaw around . 
 she looked over at stosh , but avoided eye contact with me . 
 `` what are you planning on doing ? '' 
 i grabbed her jaw and turned her head in my direction . 
 `` you ask me the questions . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` fine ! 
 what the hell are you doing , willow ? 
 you ca n't do something like this . 
 you are n't wired for revenge . '' 
 i shoved fries into her mouth . 
 `` it 's amazing how much pent up anger can do for one 's soul , my dear sister . 
 i 'm not the sister you once thought i was . 
 the new me wo n't stop until you have nothing left to live for . '' 
 `` are you going to kill me ? '' 
 she seemed afraid . 
 `` i have n't decided . '' 
 i looked over and saw stosh trying not to laugh . 
 he knew i could never do something that horrible . 
 `` willow ... will , please . 
 i 'll walk away . 
 i 'll let you have him . '' 
 i smacked her in the face . 
 `` you 'll let me ? 
 are you f ** king serious ? 
 dear sister , he was never yours to give . 
 he was always mine . 
 you were just the consolation when he thought he could never have the real thing . '' 
 she looked over at stosh and he said nothing . 
 she knew it was the truth . 
 i watched her begin to sob . 
 `` awe , what 's wrong ? 
 does that hurt your feelings ? '' 
 `` please stop ! '' 
 i 'd taken enough psychology classes to know that someone like my sister could n't take this kind of mental torture . 
 in fact , it had been that same kind of torment that left her the way she was . 
 this was just a small part of my plan to destroy her . 
 `` how does it feel ? '' 
 she cried harder . 
 `` please , willow . '' 
 `` do n't beg me . 
 you will get no remorse from me . 
 you stripped me of so much . 
 there will never be forgiveness from me . 
 i hate the person that you 've become . 
 i hate that i loved you so much , but you did n't give a damn about me . 
 i never did shit to you , ivy . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 her sobbing was exhausting me . 
 i threw my trash in the bag and stood up . 
 while looking at my sister , i leaned down and kissed stosh . 
 `` after you put away the trash , meet me in the shower . 
 there 's this spot on my back that i ca n't reach . 
 it feels so good when you do it . '' 
 i headed into the bedroom with a smile on my face , but i did n't close the door ; not when i could hear her pleading with him . 
 `` stosh , please do n't do this . 
 you know i love you . 
 ca n't you see she is the evil one ? 
 all i ever wanted to do was be with you . 
 i just wanted you to love me . '' 
 i could n't see them or what they were doing . 
 `` ivy , you do n't know how to love . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 `` you got with me to spite your sister . 
 you told me we were going to make her jealous so that she would want to date me . 
 now look at what 's happened . 
 how can you sit there and say you loved me ? 
 everything you do is some ploy to get what you want . '' 
 he was getting frustrated . 
 i could hear it in his voice . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 we fell in love . 
 you know it 's true . '' 
 `` just like the way you fell in love with rafe ? '' 
 it got very quiet . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 was she really going to play that card ? 
 i was about to go out there and bitch slap her . 
 `` spare me the act , ivy . 
 i ran into your boyfriend today . 
 he approached willow and wanted to know when they were going to run off together . '' 
 `` maybe he 's with willow ? '' 
 seriously ? 
 she was going to play that game ? 
 `` i was having you followed , you lying bitch ! 
 i knew all about him . '' 
 i wished i was in the room to see the look on her face . 
 i knew it was priceless . 
 `` stosh ... i. '' `` save it , ivy ! 
 finish eating and i 'll be back to check on you . 
 i ca n't even look at you without feeling sick to my stomach . '' 
 i was so caught up that i did n't have time to move away from the door before he came walking in . 
 i felt embarrassed about it , but he smiled and kissed me , making it a little less awkward . 
 she was yelling from the living room . 
 `` how do i eat with no hands ? '' 
 `` figure it out ! '' 
 he responded as he started tugging on the bottom of my shirt . 
 i moved my head to the side as his mouth found it 's way to the base of my neck . 
 he whispered in my ear , `` i want more . '' 
 my body became hot and a fire had ignited between my legs . 
 i lifted one , letting my knee rub against his inner thigh . 
 he pushed me down on the bed and fell on top of me , smothering me with hot , wet kisses . 
 i felt his hands pushing up my shirt and lifted my bra so that my br ** sts could fall out of the bottom . 
 he licked one of my ni ** les , then went and did the same to the other side . 
 his tongue flicked against it , making it wet and slippery when he tried to pinch it . 
 i arched my back and reached down the front of his pants . 
 when i felt the smooth skin of his c ** k against my fingers , i knew i found what i was looking for . 
 my hand wrapped around his shaft and i began stroking him . 
 our kisses became more aggressive with every one of my strokes . 
 i could n't believe he wanted me again , so soon , but i was n't going to argue . 
 i pulled my hand out and began unbuttoning his pants so that i could get them off . 
 he ran his hand up my shorts and slid my underwear to the side . 
 i felt him rubbing on my lips and then separating them . 
 i was still wet from our encounter just a short time ago . 
 that was the whole purpose of the shower . 
 still , i could n't deny what we both wanted . 
 i needed him inside of me and he needed to be there , too . 
 as soon as his pants came down , so did my shorts . 
 in fact , all of our clothes came off and we were left naked , pretzeled together on his bed . 
 he stood up at the end and pulled me down so that half of my ass was hanging off . 
 my legs were placed over each of his shoulders and he rubbed the underneath of my ass as he positioned himself . 
 i felt him sliding in and watched as he watched himself doing it . 
 he bit down on his lip and began pumping himself in and out . 
 stosh took one of my legs and leaned in , bringing it almost flat against my chest . 
 `` i 'm close . '' 
 with both of my legs now almost touching my chest and stosh 's strong arms holding them there , i felt his body tightening . 
 i opened my eyes and saw his closing as he was overwhelmed with satisfaction . 
 after a few moments , he finally fell beside me on the bed , allowing my legs to finally relax . 
 my muscles were tired and aching , but i liked knowing why they felt that way . 
 he leaned over and kissed my lips softly . 
 `` we never made it to the shower . '' 
 `` i forgive you . '' 
 `` for the shower ? 
 i did n't know i was in trouble . '' 
 he smiled and traced the skin on one of my br ** sts . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not for the shower , stosh . '' 
 he sat up and got real serious . 
 i reached up and stroked the side of his face with the back of my hand . 
 `` i just want to move forward . 
 if something bad happens to me , i want you to know that i forgive you for your part in ivy 's plan . 
 i can see how she used you , but i also feel flattered that you felt like it was the only way you could ever be with me . 
 i felt our connection . 
 as much as i try to rationalize that forgiving you is a mistake , i ca n't not do it . 
 what i want is right in front of me and nothing is going to stop me from having it . '' 
 he smiled , showing his almost perfect teeth , before letting his head fall down on my chest . 
 he brought my hand up to his lips . 
 `` so , i have my best friend back ? '' 
 i ran a hand through his dark hair . 
 `` yeah , i guess you do . '' 
 he leaned up on his chin and looked at me . 
 `` there 's just one thing that bothers me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i hate that i have to call you , ivy . 
 i want the world to know that i 'm with willow . 
 it 's just not very fair , after everything she 's put us through . '' 
 shouting started coming from the other room . 
 `` i can hear you ! '' 
 `` we do n't care ! '' 
 i yelled back . 
 `` we should probably go put her back in her room . 
 if she can hear us talking , i 'm sure she heard us f ** king . 
 i hope she did ! '' 
 we were being rude . 
 each time i started to feel sorry for being the way we were , i thought about all of the lies upon lies that she made us believe . 
 we dressed , in order to be able to go out and handle ivy . 
 we found her on the floor . 
 she 'd been trying to get into my purse with her teeth . 
 i rushed over and started putting everything back in . 
 when i picked up her cell phone , i saw it blinking . 
 when i pulled up the messages , i was shocked how many were on there . 
 we left ivy on the floor , while stosh and i sat down and looked through them . 
 what does he have on you , my love ? 
 - r please answer me . 
 - r i wo n't let you do this . 
 we are meant to be together . 
 you , me and the baby . 
 - r i felt sick reading it . 
 all along stosh had thought that her plan was to take my baby and raise it with him . 
 this guy was claiming that she had planned to raise the baby with him . 
 stosh grabbed the phone out of my hand and shoved it in her face . 
 `` is this true ? '' 
 she spit in his face . 
 `` screw you ! 
 screw you both ! '' 
 he cocked his arm back and i threw myself in between them . 
 `` do n't do it . 
 do n't stoop to her level . '' 
 he pointed at her . 
 `` if it were up to me , you 'd be at the bottom of a f ** king river , tied to a cinder block , you evil whore ! '' 
 she rolled over and tucked her body as she cried . 
 i looked over at stosh who shook his head and walked into the bedroom . 
 i think he 'd had enough of my sister for the night . 
 he came back out and went into the bathroom . 
 the sound of the water turning on let me know that he was getting a shower . 
 i grabbed her by the arms and started dragging her into the room . 
 `` get off of me ! '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 you keep digging yourself into a deeper hole . '' 
 once in the room , i let her slam back down on the floor . 
 her hands were bound tight , as well as her feet . 
 she could n't do anything to me . 
 `` you 're going to pay for this , willow . 
 rafe will come for me . 
 we have plans . '' 
 `` i saw rafe earlier , as well as mom and dad . 
 they all think i 'm you . 
 right now , they think you and stosh are working on our relationship . 
 well , i guess me and stosh are working on our relationship . 
 the new and improved version of you knows how to keep her man happy , since he 's loved me the entire time . '' 
 `` you wo n't get away with this . 
 they 'll figure it out . '' 
 `` no they wo n't . 
 you did such a good job making me look like i was crazy that they wo n't believe anything out of your mouth . '' 
 she finally realized what was going on . 
 i do n't think she got how i was going to pull it off , but it was happening and there was nothing she could do about it . 
 `` i 'll never pretend to be you , willow . 
 this is n't happening ! '' 
 it was , no matter how much she cried . 
 i shoved the gag back in her mouth and smiled as i walked out the door and shut it behind me . 
 chapter 18 tears for fears . 
 i went straight toward the bathroom , finding the door to be unlocked . 
 without hesitation , i found stosh standing in the shower , letting the water run over his body . 
 he had both arms against the wall and his head against it . 
 i took off my clothes and he did n't even realize that i 'd come into the bathroom . 
 when i slid open the glass door , he saw me and moved over to give me room . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 it was better to just wrap my arms around him . 
 `` sorry , i just lost it ! 
 i 've never hit a female in my life . 
 she 's just ... she 's not even human . 
 she 's possessed by the devil or something equivalent . 
 she has no soul . '' 
 i kissed his wet skin as i pressed my lips on his back . 
 `` she knows what to say to get you worked up , that 's for sure . '' 
 he finally turned around . 
 `` i just keep thinking we should run away instead of doing this . 
 i have a bad feeling about it . 
 so much can go wrong . '' 
 i looked right into his eyes . 
 `` i do n't want us to have to give up everything , including both of our family 's . 
 let 's just give this plan a chance . 
 she will break . 
 i may not know anything else about her , but i know she ca n't take what we 're doing to her . '' 
 he started washing my hair . 
 `` if something happens that puts us in danger , we 're out of here . 
 i 'm not going to stick around and get arrested . '' 
 `` you 're overreacting . 
 i 'm not going to jail . 
 so what if i tied up my sister and held her prisoner ? 
 she ruined my life . '' 
 he put both hands on my cheeks and looked into my eyes . 
 `` i 'm going to have a back - up plan . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` whatever ! 
 you wo n't need it . '' 
 we finished washing but stayed in the shower , realizing that ivy could n't hear us talking . 
 `` what are we going to do about rafe ? 
 we ca n't have him bringing attention to us . 
 it has to look like we are working hard at our marriage . '' 
 i ran my hands up his wet chest . 
 `` i am working hard on my marriage . '' 
 we both laughed , even though the conversation was supposed to be serious . 
 the conversation was dropped when the water began to get cold . 
 we both climbed out of the shower and made it to the bedroom before anything else was said . 
 after putting on a bra and underwear , i climbed in bed next to him . 
 he was sitting up , flipping through channels , looking for something to watch on the television . 
 i leaned over and plugged both phones in to charge . 
 when i did it , i noticed several more messages . 
 stosh was too busy with the television to pay attention to what i was doing . 
 i leaned over the bed and looked at them . 
 i need you to call me . 
 - r meet me tomorrow at my place . 
 - r please ? 
 - r i do n't know what came over me , but i replied . 
 okay . 
 - i i rolled back over to see if stosh had noticed and he had n't . 
 after realizing that he did n't have a clue , i laid there staring at the ceiling and wondering if i should tell him or not . 
 he was already freaking out about my plan not being a good idea . 
 i had to do what was best . 
 there was a baby that i had to worry about . 
 rafe could complicate things and i was n't about to let that happen . 
 i rolled over and cuddled with stosh . 
 `` i think you should go into work tomorrow . '' 
 he sat down the remote and cuddled up with me . 
 `` i told my dad that i had to stay home and take care of you . 
 i can make all my calls and do my invoices from here . '' 
 `` i was thinking of going over to my parent 's house in the morning . 
 the longer i ignore their calls , the more likely they are to come over and check on us . 
 we ca n't have that happening . '' 
 `` i 'll just go with you . 
 i 'm sure they 'd rather see us together . '' 
 i hated lying to stosh , but i was protecting him and our future . 
 `` yeah , i guess so . '' 
 i hoped this next part was believable . 
 `` oh wait ! 
 you need to stay here . 
 what will you do if rafe shows up and has a key to this place ? 
 ivy could have given him one , you do n't know . 
 if he comes in and finds her we 're screwed . '' 
 i could tell that he felt defeated . 
 `` will you at least hurry home . 
 i mean , i know you 're healthy , but i like the idea of taking care of you . 
 being without you , right now , makes me nervous . '' 
 `` i will be fine . 
 how about i pick up lunch on the way home ? '' 
 he kissed my nose . 
 `` fine . 
 you win . '' 
 i was all about cuddling with stosh , but like all cuddle partners , it gets too hot to sleep like that . 
 shortly after rolling out of his arms , i laid awake upset with myself for lying to him . 
 so many lies had already been told . 
 i could n't believe that i was telling so many of my own . 
 it made me uneasy . 
 the next morning came too fast and i knew that i had to go through with what i had set out to do , so i got dressed and headed out before stosh could argue about it . 
 i was n't used to driving my sister 's vehicle , but it was necessary . 
 after doing a search on the internet , i had rafe 's address and had plugged it into the gps . 
 when i pulled up and saw the size of his house , i was in shock . 
 my sister had picked him for a reason . 
 i was n't sure what he did for a living , but he definitely had money . 
 his house was n't a mansion , but it was damn near one . 
 i knocked on the door several times , before he answered it wearing only a robe and pair of boxers . 
 the smile on his face let me know that i still had him faked out . 
 it amazed me that all these people had no clue the kind of person that my sister really was . 
 she 'd told so many lies to so many people . 
 `` hello , my love . 
 come in , come in . '' 
 i hated feeling him put his arm around me and lead me inside . 
 `` i 'm making your favorite breakfast . '' 
 `` i ca n't stay long . 
 i have a doctor 's appointment . '' 
 maybe i should just be a professional liar . 
 i was getting pretty good at it . 
 `` we must discuss what is happening . '' 
 i sat down on the other side of the kitchen table and tried not to look around the house . 
 ivy would have known where everything was , so i had to make it seem like i was comfortable . 
 `` rafe , i appreciate that you stuck by me when things were at the their worse . 
 i just ca n't continue this with you . 
 it is n't fair to you or to me . '' 
 `` but , you were the one who said we had to leave . 
 you told me we were going to be a family . 
 i 've already paid for the house in malta . '' 
 did he say malta ? 
 holy shit ! 
 `` my feelings have changed . 
 i want to work things out with my husband . 
 i owe it to him . '' 
 he shook his head and approached me , crouching down on his knees . 
 he grabbed my hands . 
 `` please do n't say these things . 
 i love you and you love me . '' 
 i pulled my hands away from him , stood up and walked past him . 
 he was still on his knees , waiting for me to say something . 
 i saw the pain in his eyes and i knew he was heartbroken , grasping at straws for something to hold onto . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , rafe . '' 
 he shook his head and looked down . 
 he really was a gorgeous man . 
 i could see how ivy would want to be with him . 
 `` i wo n't give up . 
 you 'll come back , you always do . '' 
 he poured himself a drink , even though it was still early in the morning . 
 i could see his hands shaking as he tipped it back and sipped from it . 
 i 'd forced a man to be an alcoholic . 
 this was yet another reason that my life was off track . 
 i wondered how many times my sister had told him it was over . 
 maybe she did n't know who she wanted to be with . 
 `` look , i came to tell you in person . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you let me move on . 
 what we had was great , but it 's over . '' 
 this guy could n't take a hint . 
 he ran up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist , keeping me from going anywhere . 
 i tried to pull way , but he was too strong . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't want you to go back to him . 
 he beat you and cheated on you . 
 how could i be okay with that ? 
 you deserve to be happy . 
 i can make you happy , ivy . '' 
 i kept my body as still as possible . 
 fear was overwhelming me . 
 `` please get your hands off of me . '' 
 finally , he let go . 
 i ran out of the door and did n't look back . 
 i have no idea if he 'd followed me outside , but i did n't want to take the chance and have him catch me . 
 that man was creepy and obsessed . 
 i drove out of his private development and finally parked at a nearby grocery store . 
 i needed to relax before i walked back into stosh 's place all worked up . 
 besides , being stressed could n't have been good for the baby . 
 while i was there , i went into a pharmacy . 
 while browsing around , i finally spotted what i 'd came there to look for . 
 i grabbed a bottle of prenatal vitamins and a bottle of tylenol . 
 once i paid and got back into my car , i emptied the tylenol into another half empty bottle and filled that bottle with the prenatal vitamins . 
 then i discarded the prenatal vitamin container so that nobody would ever know that i 'd purchased them . 
 i did n't want to keep the secret much longer , but the timing had to be right for me to finally be able to tell people the news . 
 i kept picturing stosh 's face when i told him that he was going to be a daddy . 
 it was going to make him more happy than he 'd ever been before . 
 i rubbed my stomach and thought about our little bean growing inside of me . 
 i hoped that all of the stress that i was under was n't harming it . 
 the last thing i wanted was complications . 
 i just wanted he or she to be healthy and have a loving family to belong to . 
 stosh was a part of that now and i could n't wait to be able to be free of all of this bullshit that was going on around us . 
 when i got home , it was nearly twelve . 
 i 'd stopped by and grabbed two salads from a local deli . 
 i could have just bought one , considering they were enough to feed a small summer camp full of kids . 
 i went inside and sat the bag down on the countertop . 
 stosh was n't in the living room . 
 i knew he was home because his car was in the driveway . 
 i checked the bedroom and the bathroom , but he was n't there either . 
 i walked out to the main house and checked the door . 
 it was locked , so i knew he could n't be inside . 
 he was n't out by the pool or anywhere in the yard . 
 i started to panic , thinking back when i felt like he 'd betrayed me in the worst way . 
 there was one more room to check and i was too afraid to open the door . 
 what if they were in on some kind of master plan . 
 what if he 'd been lying to me the whole time ? 
 the more i stood on the other side of the door wondering , the more upset i made myself . 
 with my hand on the doorknob , i took a few breaths and opened the door . 
 nothing could have prepared me for what i saw when it opened . 
 the pain i felt was unbelievable and i did n't know what i was going to do . 
 chapter 19 what the ... i just stared for a few moments , trying to picture that what i was seeing was n't actually happening . 
 stosh was laying down on his back . 
 his eyes were closed and so were ivy 's . 
 she was laying on top of him , but that was n't what alarmed me . 
 ivy 's hands were undone and next to her lay a baseball bat . 
 i ran over toward them and pushed my sister off of stosh . 
 she did n't wake up . 
 `` stosh , can you hear me ? '' 
 i put my head against his chest and heard his heart beating . 
 that was my first concern . 
 i just needed to know that he was still alive . 
 upon further inspecting him , i noticed that he had a gash on the other side of his forehead . 
 it was bleeding down onto the carpet and there was a puddle already there . 
 i looked around the room and saw that it was in a disarray , like she untied herself and waited for him to come in . 
 what she must not have figured was that he would have fought back . 
 he started to stir and i leaned in close to his face . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he whispered . 
 `` i was so worried . 
 what happened ? '' 
 before he could respond , i watched his eyes get really big . 
 just as i turned around , i felt my sister 's fist punching me right in the face . 
 i went down hard , landing next to stosh and right in his pile of blood . 
 i could see him trying to focus enough to stand up and help me , but it was obvious he had a concussion . 
 he needed to get to a hospital . 
 i put my hand over my face to block any more blows that were coming my way . 
 `` ivy stop ! '' 
 she shoved me out of the way and made a dash for the door . 
 unfortunately , i was just as fast . 
 i grabbed the leg of her pants and sent her falling face first . 
 she landed hard on the floor and it must have taken her breath away . 
 while i stood up and rushed for the door , she remained still , trying to catch her breath . 
 i grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back in the bedroom . 
 `` get the f ** k off of me ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 i shoved her down in the corner . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 i was so mad that i threw myself on top of her and started smacking her in the face . 
 she put her hands up to protect herself . 
 i felt someone pulling me away from her . 
 stosh had blood running down his face , but he was alert enough to know what was happening . 
 when ivy saw that he was conscious , her eyes got big and she began to plead . 
 `` stosh , please . 
 i did n't mean to hurt you . '' 
 he grabbed her by the hair and shoved her against the wall . 
 `` grab her hands . '' 
 i looked down on the floor and grabbed the zip ties , before rushing over and wrapping it around my sister 's wrists . 
 once her hands were bound , it was easy to get her sitting down and attach each of her feet to the chair . 
 it was barbaric , but necessary . 
 when i knew she could n't move , i rushed over to stosh 's side and helped him get into the living room . 
 `` i feel like i 'm going to pass out . 
 that bitch hit me with a bat . '' 
 `` i saw it . '' 
 i ran over with a wet towel and started cleaning him up , so that i could assess the injury . 
 `` you 're going to need stitches , babe . 
 the gash is pretty deep and you 've lost a ton of blood . 
 i 'm positive you have a concussion . '' 
 even while he was in pain . 
 he managed to smile . 
 `` listen to the doctor 's daughter go . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` stop joking . 
 are you able to walk to the car ? '' 
 i helped him stand up , grabbed a clean shirt for him , and led him to the car . 
 the hospital was n't that far from the house and we were there in just a few minutes . 
 stosh kept closing his eyes , dozing off . 
 `` you have to stay awake . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 my eyes feel heavy . '' 
 i was so worried about him . 
 head injuries were serious . 
 someone could be talking to you one minute and dead the next . 
 losing him would crush my soul . 
 i could n't even let myself imagine it . 
 i ran into the hospital and got some attendants to come out and get stosh in a wheelchair . 
 from there , they put him on a gurney and took him right into the emergency room . 
 it seemed like forever that i had to wait to hear from someone . 
 when the nurse came out to look for me , she had this look on her face like she did n't have good news . 
 my stomach dropped and i felt like i was going to hurl . 
 i covered my mouth and ran toward the ladies room . 
 she 'd followed me in there . 
 `` ma'am are you okay ? '' 
 `` just give me a second . '' 
 i was beginning to cry and i could n't get myself calm enough to face her . 
 finally , after a few minutes , i made my way out of the stall and saw her standing there . 
 i looked her right in the eyes and waited for her bad news . 
 `` you can come back and see him now . '' 
 my face lit up . 
 `` he 's okay ? '' 
 `` the doctor will explain everything . 
 he has a concussion and we had to give him stitches . 
 he 's lucky you were there when he fell . 
 a head injury like that could be fatal . '' 
 when he fell ? 
 stosh told them he fell ? 
 i followed behind her until we got to his room . 
 his head was bandaged up , but he looked alright . 
 his face lit up when he saw me walking in . 
 `` there 's my girl . '' 
 i was so happy to see him . 
 i rushed over and wrapped my arms across his chest . 
 he struggled to breathe for a second . 
 `` easy now . 
 i 'm a little beat up . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry i left . 
 you do n't know how worried i was when i got home and found you like that . 
 i was so scared . '' 
 `` it could have been worse . 
 i got one blow in as i was going down . 
 i know the hitting a girl rule was broken , but she deserved it . '' 
 i laughed and kept holding him . 
 letting go was not an option . 
 `` i wanted to kill her . 
 seeing you just laying there , looking all lifeless was horrible . 
 i felt like picking up that bat and ending her existence . '' 
 he reached his arm up and put it around my back . 
 `` that would have messed up the plan . '' 
 `` yeah , but at least we have another option to fall back on . 
 running away with you seems better by the second . '' 
 it was true . 
 we would be giving up our family , our friends and stosh 's job , but we 'd be together . 
 somehow , that was all i cared about . 
 `` you know , i tried to call you . 
 i wanted you to grab creamer on the way back . 
 when you did n't answer your phone , i called your parent 's house . 
 it was disturbing when they said they had n't seen you . '' 
 i felt sick . 
 he 'd caught me and i was going to have to tell him that i went against his request and met rafe . 
 `` stosh , i 'm sorry . 
 i was trying to take care of the problem . 
 i thought if i could just talk to him alone , he would back off . '' 
 `` so , where were you ? '' 
 i sat up , seeing that he wanted details . 
 i could understand how he wanted us to be honest with each other . 
 after everything , it was the only way our relationship could work . 
 `` please do n't get mad at me , but i went to his house . '' 
 `` you what ? '' 
 he tried to sit up , forcing me off the bed and him to fall back down on the bed . 
 `` willow , you 're smarter than that . 
 he could have attacked you , or raped you . 
 for christ sakes , you have got to be more careful . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 i was n't thinking . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and squeezed it . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're okay , will . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do if something happened to you . '' 
 `` it was n't even worth it anyway . 
 rafe could n't take no for an answer . 
 he said he wo n't give up on our love . '' 
 i was sarcastic when i said it . 
 `` great ! '' 
 `` i told him to leave us alone . 
 he said he 'd already bought a house in malta . 
 they were going to move there and raise our baby , after ivy stole it from me and took it from you . 
 with her living out of the country , we 'd never freaking find her . '' 
 he kept holding my hand . 
 `` at least there is n't a baby for her to steal . 
 i would really kill her if she tried that shit . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do n't get me wrong . 
 i know why you did what you did , but i do want children . 
 someday , i guess . '' 
 `` yeah , someday . '' 
 i felt like more of an ass . 
 he pulled my hand up to his lips . 
 `` just promise me no more lies , will . 
 i ca n't keep worrying about you like i did today . 
 it killed me . 
 i think it 's why i let my guard up . 
 i could n't think straight . '' 
 i stood up and froze . 
 i had to tell him about the baby . 
 if i waited , he was never going to forgive me . 
 i tried to open my mouth to speak and i started to get dizzy . 
 before i could even grab the edge of the bed , i went down . 
 i woke up in a hospital bed . 
 stosh was sitting beside me and he did n't look happy . 
 the bandage was still on his head and he was also dressed in the same hospital gown as before , which meant it was probably the same day . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he gave me a funny look . 
 `` apparently , when you 're pregnant , it is important that you eat breakfast and take vitamins . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i just started to cry . 
 `` cat got your tongue ? '' 
 `` i was going to tell you . 
 i just ... '' `` you let me think you had an abortion . 
 do you have any idea how much that hurt me ? '' 
 `` stosh , it was n't like that . 
 i went to the clinic , but after talking to the counselor and thinking about what i was doing , i could n't go through with it . 
 when you came back , i needed to be sure your intentions were good . 
 the timing just never seemed right . '' 
 i could talk to him until i was blue in the face . 
 he was hurt and pissed . 
 the more i pleaded the more frustrated he became . 
 `` i 'm angry at you for lying to me . 
 i 've been messed up since you told me what you 'd done . 
 the decent thing would have been to tell me the truth . 
 i hope you get that . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 i reached for his hand , but he pulled it away . 
 `` stosh , please . 
 i just wanted our baby to be safe . 
 you have to understand that i had to know you were n't plotting anything with ivy . 
 she wanted our baby and i could n't let that happen . 
 i could n't let her find out . '' 
 `` the nurse said the baby is fine . '' 
 he sat the sonogram picture down on my stomach . 
 `` please , do n't be mad . '' 
 he stood there for a second , just looking at me . 
 then , without saying anything , he walked out of the room . 
 i was still hooked up to the monitors , so it was n't like i could just get up and follow him . 
 obviously , he needed time to be upset with me . 
 if my sister had n't tried to smash his head in earlier , i would have still wondered if he would run and tell her . 
 now that she 'd done that and i 'd talked to rafe , i knew he really was telling me the truth when he said he hated her . 
 this was n't how i wanted to tell stosh about our baby . 
 i 'd pictured being in bed and celebrating after everything had calmed down . 
 i thought about showing him a sonogram picture and being happy together . 
 now , he 'd found out while i was n't even conscious . 
 how long had i been out of it ? 
 the nurse came in to check my vitals . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` fine , i guess . '' 
 `` we are going to give you some fluids and some vitamins . 
 after we monitor you for a couple hours , you 'll be free to go . 
 it 's best that you make an appointment with your obgyn . 
 health care during a pregnancy is very beneficial to both the mother and baby . '' 
 `` okay , i will . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` your husband is in the room next to you . 
 he 's very happy about the pregnancy . 
 i take it that it was unexpected ? '' 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 `` well , i would n't be too worried . 
 he seems over the moon about it . '' 
 that was the reassurance i needed . 
 he was mad and i did n't blame him . 
 i deserved that . 
 it was still good to know that while mad , he was just as happy about it as i was . 
 there was one thing that i knew for sure . 
 that was the last secret i was ever going to keep from him . 
 chapter 20 heart attack v/s hurricane . 
 we were released from the hospital later that night . 
 neither of us was worried about ivy , since she was tied to a chair in the middle of a room . 
 i 'd locked the doors before we left and not worried if she 'd died of starvation . 
 she deserved to suffer . 
 stosh did n't say much , during the ride , except that he wanted to stop and get something to eat . 
 i did n't want to mention that i was starving , being that it would go back to me being pregnant and keeping it from him . 
 i 'd had hours to think about what i wanted to say , but i could n't come up with anything that would make him forgive me . 
 he was hurt and it was directly because of my actions . 
 i almost could n't forgive myself . 
 we arrived at the restaurant and got seated . 
 of course , we got dirty looks with stosh having stitches in his head . 
 it had n't bruised that bad around the injury , but it was enough to make it very noticeable . 
 an egg shape could be noticed from the side and it seemed shinier than his other skin . 
 as for me , well , i looked normal . 
 to everyone else , i was just a regular woman , having a meal with my husband . 
 only stosh and i knew that i was impersonating my sister and carrying his child . 
 we belonged on a talk show with big ridiculous reveals . 
 we 'd already ordered our food when stosh finally began to speak to me again . 
 `` now that i know you 're pregnant , we need to talk about changing our plan . 
 what you 're doing is too dangerous . 
 having you in jail is bad enough . 
 i ca n't sit around knowing my child could be born in a prison . '' 
 `` if we do n't go through with this , ivy wins . '' 
 `` do you know how immature that sounds ? 
 we are going to be parents . 
 i think it 's time we start making smart decisions . 
 tell your parents the truth willow . 
 they deserve to know what 's been going on . '' 
 our food came and we started to eat . 
 i considered my options while chewing my first couple bites . 
 `` ivy needs to pay for what she 's done . 
 our baby is in danger if she 's set free and you know it . '' 
 `` i did n't say she should be set free . 
 i said you should tell your parents . 
 i 'll be with you the whole time . 
 we 'll do it together . '' 
 that did make me feel better , however , it was n't enough to set my mind totally at ease . 
 my sister was smart and manipulative . 
 she would figure out a way to ruin us all over again , if she had the chance . 
 `` fine ! '' 
 `` good . 
 tonight we 'll go over and talk . 
 if they kick us out , we 're leaving this town together . 
 i have contacts in every city and i can sell anything . 
 it will be easy for me to get a job . '' 
 we finished eating and headed back to his place . 
 i brought a box of leftovers to feed ivy . 
 she did n't deserve to have a meal ordered for just her . 
 when we pulled up at the house , everything seemed fine . 
 it was n't until we walked up to the door that things were suddenly wrong . 
 the door was busted open . 
 stosh ran in first . 
 i followed behind him , running right for the room my sister was in . 
 of course , she was gone . 
 stosh ran up and looked right at me . '' 
 do n't panic ! '' 
 `` she 's gone ! 
 what are we going to do ? 
 she 'll tell everyone ! '' 
 `` hang on . '' 
 stosh ran into the bedroom and came out with the diary and a large manila folder in his hand . 
 `` go put this in the car while i call the police . 
 we 're going to treat this like it was a normal break in . '' 
 while waiting for the cops , we hid all of the evidence that my sister had been held hostage . 
 the cops came in and dusted for prints . 
 whether they would find rafe 's was the million dollar question . 
 i played the part of ivy , so nothing seemed suspicious . 
 it was all out of hand . 
 i was shaking so badly , wondering if i was ever going to be safe . 
 we 'd just left the restaurant with a different game plan . 
 now , i was going to have to tell my parents everything . 
 i had to get to them before ivy could . 
 if she talked to them before me , my life could be destroyed . 
 the police took forever . 
 they had to fill out a report and then insisted on checking out the main house to see if that too had been burglarized . 
 i was trying to be patient , but every second that went by gave my sister ample time to make her next move . 
 when the police left , we headed over to my parents . 
 there was n't anyone home . 
 i tried to call their phones , but neither answered . 
 we knew they were n't working , since stosh had talked to them earlier . 
 on occasion they would catch a movie , and honestly , i had no idea what else they liked to do since i had n't been around them in such a long time . 
 they could have belonged to a nudist colony for all i knew . 
 on the way back to the house , stosh was quiet . 
 he was still upset with me . 
 i got why he was , but he 'd also lied to me and put me through hell . 
 the only reason i had forgiven him was because he 'd done it all out of love for me . 
 i reached over and grabbed his hand . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he looked over and finally smiled . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 `` i know you 're going to be a good father . '' 
 he smiled and looked over at me . 
 `` i appreciate you saying that . 
 i hope you know that i would do anything in my power to keep you and our baby safe . 
 ivy is n't going to hurt us , as long as we stick together . '' 
 `` you think rafe helped her , do n't you ? '' 
 i think i had the same feeling . 
 my visit with him must have sent him off the deep end . 
 i do n't know how he knew ivy was inside , but together they were going to be a difficult force to be reckoned with . 
 `` i know i do . '' 
 `` yeah , it had to be him . 
 he knew where we lived . 
 maybe ivy freed herself again . 
 who the hell knows . 
 either way , i 'm sure they are together . 
 she 's going to need someone on her side for when she makes her next attack , if she even gets the chance to do it . 
 hopefully they will hop on a plane and never look back . '' 
 `` as long as they do n't steal our baby , i could care less . '' 
 he let go of my hand and reached over to place his hand on my belly . 
 it was the first time he 'd done something like that and i was taken back by his actions . 
 `` nobody is ever going to take our baby . 
 we made that baby out of love . 
 fuck your sister and her head games . 
 she 's just pissed because she 'll never have what we have . '' 
 `` i just want to not have to watch our backs every five seconds . 
 it would be great if she ran off with rafe and never came back . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 he pulled my hand up and kissed it . 
 `` i am really happy , will . 
 i know i lost my temper in the hospital . 
 it just caught me off guard . 
 i knew you could n't have just gotten pregnant , which could only mean you lied about having the abortion . 
 i do n't blame you , though . 
 i was a f ** king douche for what i did to you . 
 i should have been honest the whole time . 
 i hate that you even considered that to be your only option . '' 
 `` at the time , i just wanted to be free from it all . 
 you and ivy hurt me so much . 
 everything i ever believed about my sister had been this lie . 
 i could n't handle it . 
 my parents disowned me and i thought you were just playing with my head . 
 nothing made sense . '' 
 that was the lowest time in my life . 
 `` i know . 
 i feel like shit every day . 
 i think i 'll spend the rest of my life trying to make things up to you . 
 i know i wo n't give up until i have your complete trust . 
 it means everything to me . 
 you mean everything to me . '' 
 `` i feel the same way about you . 
 i just wish there was an easier way for us to be together . 
 i mean , you have to admit that this really sucks . 
 i want to believe that everything is going to be okay , but it 's hard when it all just keeps going so wrong . 
 now my crazy sister is out there somewhere , planning her next move on destroying us . 
 i wo n't be able to sleep until i know she 's put away somewhere . 
 she needs to be put into a mental institution . '' 
 `` right now , my main concern is your safety . 
 i want to get you home . 
 we 're going to stay in the main house and turn the alarm on tonight . 
 nobody is going to hurt you . '' 
 i liked that he was being so bossy . 
 when it came to me being safe , i needed all the help i could get . 
 `` does she know the code ? '' 
 `` hell no ! 
 i kept it a secret so i could go somewhere and she could n't bother me . 
 besides , the owners change it every time they leave . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 it felt good to know we could go somewhere and be safe from her wrath . 
 `` what if she sets the house on fire ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` the alarm company reports fires . 
 stop worrying . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 if it bothers you this much , tomorrow we can pack a bag and go somewhere . 
 we 'll just drive until we get tired . 
 hell , we can drive until you see a place that you 'd love to raise a baby in . 
 we can start over there and never look back . '' 
 selling me on running away was n't getting old . 
 the more he mentioned it , the more it seemed like a great idea . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he pulled over the car . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , seriously . 
 this has all gotten so out of hand . 
 i wanted my family back , but now i just think we 'd be better off if we got out of this place . 
 i hate everything about it . '' 
 he leaned over and kissed me . 
 `` so , it 's settled ? 
 tomorrow morning we 're getting the hell out of here and starting our new life together ? '' 
 he ran his hands through my hair . 
 `` i need to stop by the bank and close my accounts . 
 we can live off the cash until i get situated with a new job . 
 if it 's okay with you , i want to tell my parents the truth . 
 i know you want to leave everything behind , but i think they 'd be on our side . 
 i can show them the diary if i need to . 
 since i 've only worked for my dad , it 's important that we are on speaking terms . 
 i need to be able to support us and i ca n't do that if i do n't have a good job . 
 there 's a chance that my dad may even let me work remotely and stay with his company . 
 i may still have to travel , but you can always come with me . '' 
 i could n't believe he was just willing to give everything up for me . 
 it was like he had no regrets when it came to our future . 
 i felt the same way , so it made my decision so much easier to make . 
 `` i 've wanted to be with you since the day you walked into my classroom . 
 i 've loved you for almost that long . 
 all i want to do is be with you . 
 i want to raise our baby and spend every single moment knowing we finally got to have the happy ending that we always should have . 
 i know it took us a long time , but we 're together and nothing is going to tear us apart . 
 as long as i have your love , i do n't need anyone else 's approval . 
 you 're all i 've ever needed , stoshua wheeler . '' 
 we kissed each other slowly , not paying any mind to the fact that we were pulled over on the side of the road in a little development . 
 people probably thought we were teenagers , making out in the car so our parents would n't see . 
 `` when we get home , i 'm throwing all my shit in trash bags . 
 we should just leave tonight . '' 
 my heart was beating so rapidly . 
 i did n't have to think twice . 
 `` let 's do it ! '' 
 he pulled away from the curb before i finished the sentence . 
 `` the sooner we get out of here , the better ! '' 
 stosh turned the corner to drive down his long driveway and stopped the car . 
 in front of us , surrounding the little pool house , were police officers . 
 he turned off the car and we sat there as they approached . 
 one officer held up a megaphone . 
 `` stoshua wheeler and willow green , step out of the vehicle with your hands in the air ! '' 
 stosh looked over at me and reached for my hand . 
 i could see the fear in his eyes . 
 `` do what they say . 
 do n't tell them anything . '' 
 `` i 'm scared ! '' 
 i was already crying . 
 `` it 's going to be fine . 
 my parent 's will have us out by the end of the night . '' 
 we were being surrounded and running out of time . 
 we did n't have a plan for this . 
 in fact , this was the end of the road . 
 my plan had backfired and now i could n't see that light at the end of the tunnel . 
 all i saw was pain . 
 chapter 21 claustrophobia the police waited for me and stosh to climb out of the car before they slammed us against it and handcuffed our hands behind our backs . 
 stosh kept his eyes on me the whole time they were reading us our rights . 
 i was trying not to cry , but being arrested for the first time was n't exactly exciting or something that i ever wanted to happen in my life . 
 i was petrified . 
 neither of us belonged in jail . 
 sure , kidnapping my sister and pretending to be her could be construed as illegal , but my intentions were n't . 
 ivy was the bad person in all of this . 
 surely , there had to be some kind of justice in it all . 
 but there was n't . 
 wherever ivy was , she was n't handcuffed or looked at like she was a criminal . 
 no , she was probably pretending to be broken up about her husband sleeping with her sister . 
 i 'm sure she had everyone eating out of the palm of her hands . 
 as much as i wanted to focus all of my anger on my sister , i was brought back to reality when i was shoved into a cop car and separated from stosh . 
 i watched them putting him in a different vehicle . 
 there was no way out of this mess now . 
 stosh had been right all along . 
 we should have just left . 
 there was n't anything left for us in this town except jail time . 
 once i was booked , they took me to a temporary holding cell . 
 the particular area i was in was just for women . 
 a couple girls , who looked my age , were in the same cell with me . 
 i could tell from what they were wearing that they were prostitutes . 
 they looked me up and down and started to talk to each other like i had n't even been there . 
 i sat down on a bench and began to sob . 
 my life was messed up . 
 i was pregnant and sitting in jail . 
 my life could n't get any more complicated . 
 at least , that was what i thought . 
 a couple hours after being there , a guard came over and led me to another room . 
 i had hoped that i was being bailed out , until i saw my mother sitting at the table . 
 i sat down across from her . 
 `` hello , mother . '' 
 she looked so furious with me . 
 `` what do you have to say for yourself ? 
 do you realize that you 've made a mockery of this family ? '' 
 `` it is n't what you think . '' 
 how could she think that i could do something so wreckless ? 
 i 'd always been the responsible one . 
 `` it does n't even matter what i think . 
 you kidnapped your sister and pretended to be her so that you could steal her husband . 
 what kind of person would do such a terrible thing ? 
 what do you have to say for yourself ? '' 
 i shrugged and looked down at the table . 
 people had carved all sorts of things in the wooden top . 
 `` i have nothing to say . '' 
 she tapped her fingernails on the table . 
 `` i 'm not leaving here until you explain to me why you felt it necessary to do the wreckless things that you 've been up to ? '' 
 `` i did n't do anything that she did n't deserve . 
 he was mine first , mom . 
 she took him to spite me . 
 she is a liar ! 
 ivy started all of this . '' 
 i was so angry at her for not listening to a word i was saying . 
 i needed her support . 
 `` your father and i have discussed your future with our family . 
 we think it would be best if we gave you some money and sent you on your way . 
 i think it 's best that you go back to where you were living and have a life there . '' 
 i reached out for her hand , but she pulled away . 
 `` mom , please . 
 do n't abandon me . 
 i never did anything wrong . 
 i 'm the one who is being taken advantage of , not ivy ! '' 
 she shook her head and began to rub her temples like she did when she was frustrated . 
 `` i just do n't know where we went wrong with you . 
 we gave you everything you could possibly ask for . 
 you went to a good college . 
 what could your sister possibly have done to make you this bitter toward her ? 
 do you have any idea how much her marriage means to her ? '' 
 `` mom , you 're not listening to me . 
 ivy is n't the person you think she is . 
 she 's manipulative and out to destroy me . 
 she does n't love stosh . 
 did you see what she did to his head ? 
 she could have killed him . '' 
 my mother stood up . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 she leaned in , but did n't sit back down . 
 `` willow , i came here today to try to reason with you , but you 've left me with no other options . 
 i am not posting your bail , because i feel that the best place for you is in here . 
 if and when you do get out , i 'd appreciate it if you left town quietly and you stayed away from stoshua . 
 he does n't need to be involved with you . 
 am i making myself clear ? '' 
 i was sobbing . 
 my own mother was giving up on me . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i looked right up at her and gritted my teeth together as i talked . 
 `` i will not give up stosh ! 
 we are in love and nothing you could possibly do would change that . '' 
 `` we 'll just see about that . '' 
 she waved for the guard and left me sitting there . 
 i felt abandoned . 
 it was disastrous to think that i was sitting in jail while the real psycho was out planning her next path of destruction . 
 i knew what she was going to do next and there was nothing i could do about it . 
 i spent the night sleeping in a ball on a small cot . 
 the mattress was probably just as hard as the cement floor below it . 
 i tossed and turned and cried most of the night . 
 for someone that had never been in trouble for anything , having a criminal record just did n't sit well with me . 
 still , with both of us behind bars , i highly doubted that some guardian angel was going to swoop in and save the day . 
 i was shit out of luck . 
 my arraignment was horrible . 
 not only did my parents attend , but my sister was right there with them . 
 i pleaded not guilty . 
 sure , i 'd held her against her will , but she 'd done just as bad of things to me and was still walking around . 
 i saw her smiling when they walked me back to jail . 
 i thought my mother was going to bail me out , but i had no such luck . 
 she had n't had a change of heart and with my psychopath twin standing next to her , i knew i did n't have a chance in hell at ever being free . 
 i spent my second night in a cell without sleep . 
 i could n't understand how i had let myself get so consumed in this plan of mine . 
 stosh had been right to worry . 
 i was exactly where he 'd said i 'd be . 
 i missed my old , carefree , life . 
 i missed my friends and the job that i had to give up . 
 when people are at their record low , they must consider a lot of things , because that is exactly what i started to do . 
 i considered telling my mom that i would give up stosh . 
 i could leave town and somehow move on . 
 anything was better than a term in a place like i was currently in . 
 i wanted to be free . 
 my baby could n't be born behind bars . 
 he or she deserved a chance at a good life . 
 i deserved that chance too . 
 leaving stosh would be the hardest thing that i would ever have to do . 
 he 'd never stop looking for me . 
 i knew that now . 
 there was no way he was going to give up on me . 
 the more i tried to reason with myself , the more upset i became . 
 the only way out of this jail cell was to leave my heart behind . 
 i did n't know if it was even possible , or if i really wanted to try . 
 so many people had been hurt . 
 so many hearts were broken . 
 even though i was n't directly the main cause , i still played a part in it . 
 i hated myself for it . 
 at least i did n't have much longer to talk myself out of loving stosh . 
 i made bail that evening . 
 without knowing who had come to my rescue , i grabbed my personal belongings and headed out to meet whoever it was . 
 stoshua was standing there waiting for me . 
 he had a bouquet of flowers in his hand and looked like he had n't slept in a week . 
 i ran up and threw my arms around him . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 he pushed me away and gave me a once over , before pulling me back into his strong arms . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're okay . 
 you ca n't imagine how worried i was . '' 
 `` it was n't like i was in the penitentiary . 
 i did n't get gang raped or anything . '' 
 maybe sarcasm was n't appropriate , but i was just trying to add a little light to my messed up situation . 
 `` when did you get out ? '' 
 `` last night . 
 your parents came and talked to mine . 
 they tried to sit me down and tell me that i was n't to have any kind of contact with you . 
 they told me that if i bailed you out , i would n't have a job . '' 
 we 'd started walking toward the car . 
 it was dark out , but the smell of fresh air filled my nostrils . 
 `` stosh , i 'm so sorry . 
 i never meant to cause this much harm to your life . '' 
 he wrapped his arm around me and pulled me close to kiss the side of my head . 
 `` do n't even say that . 
 this is where you belong . 
 they might have blinders on right now , but i have a plan to make this all go away . '' 
 i stopped walking . 
 `` what kind of plan ? '' 
 he grabbed my hand and started pulling me along . 
 `` trust me , will . '' 
 i did trust him . 
 in fact , he was the only person in the world that i could trust . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he opened the car door for me and drove me to a drive thru , so i could fill my empty stomach . 
 `` i need to get you filled up . 
 when we get home you can take your vitamins and start feeling better . 
 you look pale , babe . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i did n't like the food they served and my stomach was too knotted to think about being hungry . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry this happened to you . '' 
 he looked sad as we waited for our food . 
 `` it happened to both of us . '' 
 stosh reached over and massaged my leg . 
 `` i wo n't stop until we nail that bitch to the wall . 
 i promise you that , willow . 
 she 's going to pay for this . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` thanks for loving me . '' 
 `` thanks for loving me back . '' 
 we ate our food like two heathens . 
 i do n't even know if we spoke while we stuffed our faces with greasy goodness . 
 after we were done , stosh started driving us back to his place . 
 i was a little worried about being there , until he pulled into the main house and parked the car in the garage . 
 `` they wo n't know we 're here . '' 
 he clicked a button and the garage door closed . 
 then he reached out for my hand . 
 `` a large bubble bath awaits you . '' 
 the idea of soaking my troubles away sounded like heaven . 
 `` lead the way ! '' 
 at that moment , i did n't care what the next day would bring . 
 i did n't care about what my sister was doing or who she was planning on screwing over next . 
 all i cared about was getting into a nice bubbly tub and feeling the touch of the man i loved . 
 he 'd come to my rescue and claimed he had a way to make everything better . 
 as much as i wanted to know the details , i also wanted him to know that i trusted him completely . 
 whatever his idea was , i just hoped it worked , because spending another second without him was never going to be an option for me . 
 i was too in love to let him go . 
 chapter 22 wet and hot . 
 i was so exhausted , but stosh insisted on pampering me in the tub . 
 far be it from me to deny the man something that made him happy . 
 since i 'd never been in the main house , i took a tour before we retired to the bathroom . 
 the house was beautiful and it was a shame that it was n't occupied year round . 
 it had six bedrooms and five bathrooms . 
 it also had a full finished basement with a home theater room in it . 
 the owner collected old arcade games and had a wall in the basement designated for them . 
 of course , i had to stop and play pac man . 
 i used to love playing that game with my parents when i was little . 
 stosh was no match for me . 
 i got four levels past his high score on my first attempt . 
 feeling defeated , i could tell he was ready to get upstairs . 
 he kissed me on the cheek and told me to follow the music . 
 i finished out one more game before i turned everything off and started making my way up two flights of stairs . 
 soft music was playing from the far end of the hallway . 
 i had to laugh just thinking of stosh trying to be romantic . 
 even though we were both grown ups , my mind always reverted back to being in high school , where we shared a love of pizza and horror movies . 
 i walked into a candle lit room . 
 stosh was already in the tub , laying back with his eyes closed . 
 i leaned against the doorframe and admired how handsome he was . 
 his face had stubble from not having time to shave , but i liked it . 
 it made him look more distinguished . 
 since he was in the tub and i was just standing there , i knew that every second i wasted was another second that we could be enjoying those bubbles together . 
 without further ado , i started removing my clothes . 
 stosh heard me and opened his eyes . 
 i liked having him watch me . 
 i smiled as i removed my bra and panties and walked over to the edge of the tub . 
 the water was nice . 
 in fact , it was the perfect temperature . 
 i took my time climbing in , on account of not wanting to slip and bust my ass . 
 he smiled when i sat down in front of him and leaned my back up against his chest . 
 nothing could have been more comfortable than being in that position after sleeping in a jail the night before . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 my finger wet his arms that were wrapped around me . 
 `` i missed you , too . '' 
 `` it will be nice when we have our own place to be able to enjoy things like this whenever we want . '' 
 it would be nice to not have to hide from my lunatic sister and her obsessive boyfriend . 
 god only knew what they were planning on doing to me next . 
 i would n't be surprised if i was carjacked and left for dead on the side of the road with a bullet in my gut . 
 `` if everything goes the way i plan , we could stay here and raise the baby . '' 
 i turned around and looked right at him . 
 `` how the hell would that ever be possible ? '' 
 he kissed me quickly and pulled away smiling . 
 `` you 'll find out soon enough . 
 i do n't want to get your hopes up , but it is possible . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` and i 'm supposed to trust you ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` yeah , you are ! '' 
 i leaned back against his chest and closed my eyes . 
 `` i do trust you , stosh . '' 
 he ran his wet hands up and down my arms . 
 `` good , because i was going to kiss you until you did . '' 
 `` it 's not a threat when it 's something i enjoy . '' 
 `` maybe i enjoy it , too . '' 
 he ran his hands under my br ** sts and then over my ni ** les . 
 i sat up so i could feel the cold air and his hot , wet hands at the same time . 
 my ni ** les hardened and i did n't want him to stop . 
 he took one hand and ran it down my abdomen until it was between my legs . 
 under the water , he began to rub on my sweet spot . 
 i felt his finger penetrating inside of me and i loved the way it felt . 
 as his finger went in and out , the water began to splash as he continued pleasing me . 
 i leaned my head back against his chest and succumbed to an orgasmic release . 
 once he pulled it back out of me , and left me trembling , i turned around and kissed him slowly , savoring his tongue as it glided back and forth against mine . 
 he grabbed my hair and pulled it up , away from my neck . 
 then , like a vampire would , he sunk his teeth against it and bit down lightly . 
 i backed away , but wanted him to do it again . 
 i matched his movements , by doing the same thing to his neck . 
 he grabbed my hair harder and pulled back again . 
 `` straddle me , willow . 
 i need to be inside of you , right now . 
 my dick is on fire for you , babe . '' 
 i reached down and felt his erection . 
 it made me moan and i could n't wait for it to slide inside of me . 
 all i wanted was to be filled by this man . 
 i wanted to feel the friction as he entered me with his length . 
 it was n't just the sex i needed . 
 i craved his touch , more than ever before . 
 stosh was my kryptonite and without him i knew i would n't want to breathe . 
 he made my dark night seem like a bright day and my heart finally feel full . 
 i lifted my body up enough to position him perfectly . 
 while sitting back down , i felt him filling me . 
 my hands wrapped around his neck and i began moving at a good and steady speed . 
 we kissed again , sharing our tongues before our lips made contact . 
 every slip of his muscle sent tingles over my skin . 
 `` you like it do n't you ? '' 
 i bit down on my lip and nodded as i looked him in the eyes . 
 `` fuck me harder , willow . 
 ride me like you want to win that race . 
 rock that pu ** y for me , babe . 
 show me how you come . 
 tell me how good my dick makes you feel . '' 
 hearing him say those kind of things was so hot . 
 `` it feels so good . 
 do n't stop talking . '' 
 he pulled my hair again and licked my neck . 
 his lips lingered on my skin . 
 `` oh yeah , your hot pu ** y feels so tight . 
 you like it when it hurts do n't you ? '' 
 i nodded again , still unable to speak words out of my mouth . 
 i was too busy moaning . 
 `` tighten that pu ** y for me . 
 squeeze me out , babe . 
 show me how you come . '' 
 i bucked around on top of him , making the water splash out of the tub . 
 i did n't care . 
 my body was giving way for the most euphoric release i 'd ever experienced . 
 i dug my nails into his shoulders and cried out as my pu ** y began to tighten , just like he said it would . 
 my muscles were pushing him out , but he shoved me down and kept moving . 
 i was still feeling the after effects of what had just happened to me . 
 there was no way i could even consider still going , but stosh was n't done . 
 he was still hard as a rock and waiting to rock my world all over again . 
 we f ** ked in the tub until the water was cold . 
 our bodies were so hot , that we had n't noticed . 
 when we climbed out , my legs felt like they were jell - o and our skin was pruned . 
 stosh wrapped me in a towel and led me into the guest bedroom . 
 there was no sense in me dressing . 
 neither one of us wanted clothes being in the way of touching each other . 
 if i had it my way , i 'd sleep with him still inside of me every night . 
 for the first time in my life , i did n't argue with staying wrapped in stosh 's arms all night . 
 being that close to him made me feel safe . 
 he ran his hand over my belly and pulled down the covers to watch himself doing it . 
 `` i think it 's going to be a girl . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugged and put his head on my stomach . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i can just picture myself carrying her on my shoulders and her calling me daddy . 
 i imagine her to have your smile and my keen sense of fashion , '' he joked . 
 `` you hardly match . 
 i would n't let you pick out our little girls clothes . '' 
 `` sure you would . 
 especially after a hard day at the office . 
 you could come home and get a kiss from your two favorite people and then sit down to a nice meal that we cooked together . 
 she 's going to be my little chef apprentice . 
 i just know it . '' 
 `` i 'll be happy no matter what we have , as long as their healthy . 
 nothing pleases me more than to know that we 're going to be a real family . 
 when i decided to not have the abortion , i wondered how i was going to raise a baby by myself . 
 i mean , i know lots of women do it , but it would be so difficult . 
 i do n't have money laying around . 
 my parents had disowned me . 
 i thought you were with ivy . 
 it was all so much to worry about . 
 now everything is different . 
 i could n't be more excited . '' 
 he kissed my belly . 
 `` me too . 
 i ca n't wait until this bullshit is done and we can finally get started . '' 
 `` do you have any family names you want to consider ? '' 
 i ran my fingers through his thick hair . 
 `` nah , but i do have one i 'd like to consider . 
 `` hetero sexual jumpsuit . '' 
 i sat straight up . 
 `` say what ? '' 
 he started laughing and even covered his face . 
 `` what . ? 
 it 's a cool name . '' 
 `` it 's a ridiculous name . 
 it sounds like a garage band . 
 where did you even come up with that ? '' 
 he was still laughing so hard that he had to wait to answer . 
 `` i made it up . '' 
 `` you 're sick in the head if you think for one second i would consider something so silly . '' 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 it was a funny joke name , though . '' 
 i shook my head and smacked him lightly . 
 `` i 'm so glad we have plenty of time to consider other options . 
 i know your name is unusual , but that is absurd . '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i 'll save that name for our first puppy . '' 
 `` poor dog ! '' 
 we both started laughing . 
 for the next hour i stayed wrapped up in stosh 's arms . 
 we talked about our future and how excited we were to finally be getting one . 
 the only thing that was n't discussed was my sister . 
 life could n't always revolve around ivy 's antics . 
 we deserved a shot to be together , without all of the bullshit that came with it . 
 ever since he 'd found out that i was having a baby , he seemed to change somehow . 
 it was n't like he did n't seem devoted before , it was just that it had been heightened . 
 his excitement was obvious and it let me know that he 'd do anything for us , as i would do anything for him . 
 we fell asleep when exhaustion made it impossible to keep our eyes open . 
 we were safe and knowing that made it easy to relax . 
 my body needed sleep and i stopped fighting to stay awake . 
 in the middle of the night i sat straight up in bed . 
 i could feel that someone was watching me , but nobody was in the room . 
 my heart was racing and stosh was snoring next to me , like nothing had happened . 
 i got up and walked over to the window . 
 that 's when i saw her . 
 scientists have proven that twins have some kind of sensing mechanism . 
 they 've claimed that in some instances , we can communicate with each other through our minds . 
 she was outside of the pool house , gathering some items and loaded them into a car . 
 i knew she had no way of seeing me . 
 the lights were out and i was peeking through a curtain that was floor to ceiling in length . 
 still , she looked right up at the window and i swear i could see her smile . 
 i backed away from the window , like i 'd been caught . 
 a couple minutes after the car pulled away , i got back in bed still totally freaked out . 
 stosh claimed we would be able to stay there and raise our child . 
 there was no way i was going to do that with my sister anywhere near me . 
 that evil witch was n't getting near my baby . 
 chapter 23 hit the road jack . 
 it took me a long time to fall asleep . 
 i sat in the bed thinking about ivy taunting us with her antics . 
 i wondered if i 'd be looking behind my back for my entire life . 
 the one thing i was sure of was that i just wanted to be as far away from her as physically possible . 
 when i woke up , stosh was already out of bed . 
 i could hear him in the bathroom and saw him walking out without any clothes on . 
 i was n't sure what turned me on more ; knowing what we 'd done in the tub , or what we could be doing right at that moment . 
 he climbed onto the bed and leaned over to kiss me . 
 i could taste the toothpaste on his lips . 
 `` good morning , beautiful . 
 are you up for breakfast with my parents ? '' 
 my eyes must have seemed like they were going to pop out of my head . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 he laughed and nodded . 
 `` yes ! 
 you need to get up . 
 my mom wants us there in a half hour . '' 
 i took a pillow and put it over my face , so i could scream in it . 
 `` this ca n't be happening . 
 they 're going to hate me , just like my parents . 
 ca n't we just stay here , in bed ? '' 
 he pulled the pillow away from my face . 
 `` as much as i would love to be naked in bed with you , we have other , more important things to do . 
 besides , i know you 're tired of dealing with all of this . 
 this gets us one step closer to being able to be accepted . 
 you said you trusted me last night . 
 i need you to trust me right now . '' 
 `` i do trust you . 
 i just do n't trust anyone else . 
 they 're going to hate me . 
 i 'm a home wrecker . '' 
 `` you are not ! 
 they will love you because i love you . '' 
 i finally stopped fighting to keep the pillow between us . 
 `` fine , since you 're so sweet , i will get up and get ready . 
 when they ask me to leave , i hope they are at least polite . 
 i do n't want your mother chasing me out of there with a frying pan . '' 
 i walked into the bathroom , so he talked louder . 
 `` i love how your imagination works , will . 
 i 'm pretty sure my mom has never even considered chasing someone down with a frying pan . 
 i think you watched too many cartoons as a small child . 
 perhaps we should prevent our child from turning out like their mother . '' 
 i had his toothbrush in my mouth when i peeked my head out the door . 
 `` shut up ! 
 i learned a lot from scooby doo . '' 
 `` like how to be stoned ? '' 
 `` no , smartass ! 
 i learned about solving mysteries and being good friends . 
 i also learned what foods i would never mix together to make a sandwich . '' 
 we could joke around all we wanted , but the fact was that stosh was throwing me right into the lion 's den . 
 i was n't sure i could handle more rejection . 
 as reluctant as i was , i still got myself ready and agreed to give it a chance . 
 stosh seemed so certain that i wondered if he 'd already told them everything . 
 i wanted to ask , but it did n't matter . 
 they were going to hate me if they wanted to . 
 when we pulled up at his parent 's house , it was just like old times . 
 we 'd studied in his basement and watched movies in the room off the kitchen . 
 i remember his parents being away and us cranking the music up as loud as it would go . 
 we kept the pizza joint in business that year . 
 we were sitting in the car outside of his parent 's house . 
 he reached over and ran his hand up my thigh . 
 `` i have a good feeling about this . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you do . 
 i feel like i 'm going to throw up . '' 
 he climbed out of the driver 's seat and i just sat there . 
 after a few minutes , he shook his head and came over to my side of the vehicle . 
 i pushed the lock down so he could n't open the door . 
 `` willow , come on . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` let 's just go home . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 he looked so serious . 
 `` open the damn door . 
 you 're being ridiculous . '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` you 're still married to my sister . 
 i 'm being reasonable . '' 
 there was no way around the weirdness . 
 nothing could ever change the fact that they were married . 
 even after time , i 'd still be the other sister . 
 it made me feel like shit . 
 he pressed his head against the window . 
 `` i want you to do this for me . 
 if you feel uncomfortable , i promise we can leave . 
 i just need you to try . '' 
 i opened the door and got out . 
 `` could n't this at least wait until things get better ? 
 i do n't want to be the other woman . '' 
 `` you 're not ! '' 
 he corrected . 
 `` you 're the woman . 
 you always have been ; even when we were n't together . '' 
 i hated when he said the sweetest things when i wanted to be mad at him . 
 it made it hard to hold a grudge . 
 he did n't knock on his parent 's front door before he opened it and walked right in . 
 i followed behind him like i 'd never been in the house before . 
 for the most part every room looked the same . 
 there were new elements that had been added , but not much . 
 stosh grabbed my hand and pulled me into the kitchen , where we could hear the clattering of pots . 
 his mother looked up and smiled . 
 she pointed right at me . 
 `` you , come here , right this minute ! '' 
 i turned around and looked at stosh before walking in her direction . 
 from the look on her face , i was sure she was going to smack me . 
 with fast reflexes , she grabbed me and pulled me into a hug . 
 `` willow , i am so sorry for what has been going on . 
 charles and i have heard all about it from stoshua . 
 it pains me to say this , but i never did trust your sister . 
 she 's never made him truly happy . '' 
 i kept my arms around her , feeling like her support was giving me strength . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` i knew my son was hot for you back in high school . 
 it never made sense how he ended up with ivy . 
 she was n't his type what so ever . 
 then when all of this stuff started happening , i had to question my son . 
 things just were n't adding up . 
 after he was arrested , he sat us down and explained everything . 
 i 'm very sorry for believing her , willow . 
 i do hope that someday you can forgive me for that . '' 
 i started sobbing . 
 `` i already do . 
 you do n't know how much this means to me . '' 
 i pulled away and wiped my eyes . 
 `` i trusted her and all this time she 's been living her life with a goal to destroy me . 
 i love your son . 
 i always have . '' 
 `` please dry your tears . 
 it 's going to be alright , child . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` everything that i 've ever known about my sister has been a lie . 
 i loved her as much as i loved myself and she never cared about me at all . 
 she 'd rather see me dead than happy . 
 in fact , she 'd do just about anything to see me miserable . '' 
 emotions were pouring out of me at this point . 
 i could n't control them . 
 so much pent up anxiety had caused me to lose it finally . 
 `` yesterday , when we got the call that stoshua needed our help , you can imagine how we wanted answers . 
 once we brought him home , he told us all about your sister . 
 forgive me for being blunt with you , willow , but you 've really been dragged in the muck for long enough . 
 i 'm not one to use profanity , but that little bitch has messed with the wrong family . 
 we had no idea about any of this . 
 i never would have accepted her into my family , otherwise . '' 
 even though a weight was being lifted off of me , it still did n't change the mess that my sister had managed to make of my life . 
 we 'd forever be judged for our relationship . 
 still , i wrapped my arms around the woman . 
 `` thank you for saying that . 
 it 's been difficult to take in , so i can understand how confusing it all must be . 
 had i known back then , things would have ended up differently . '' 
 `` and your parents are not angry with her over this ? '' 
 i pulled away and looked down at the floor . 
 `` they think i 'm the bad guy in all of this . 
 in fact , they think i pretended to be my sister to seduce stosh . 
 she told them lies about me , and about him . 
 now we 're just trying to figure out a way to be together without her finding out about the bab ... '' i realized what i said and just froze . 
 she was looking from me to stosh . 
 `` you 're pregnant ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 stosh stepped between us . 
 `` we 're having a baby , mom . '' 
 she put her hands over her mouth and just kept looking at us . 
 stosh looked at me and winked , but i was scared that everything the woman had told me was going to be retracted . 
 `` i 'm going to be a grandmother ? '' 
 he began to laugh . 
 `` yes , you are . 
 i wanted to tell you yesterday . 
 we just ca n't let ivy find out about it . '' 
 his mom seemed alarmed by his comment . 
 `` why ? '' 
 this time , i did n't care about keeping my feelings bottled in . 
 `` ivy did n't just set me and stosh up to get caught . 
 she found out she could n't get pregnant . 
 i guess it also occurred to her that she 'd never have stosh 's heart , so she did her research and found out when i 'd be ovulating . '' 
 i saw that she was lost . 
 `` come again ? 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 `` we 're twins , so my baby would be the closest thing she 'd ever get to having one of her own . 
 she wanted to steal my baby . '' 
 she looked at her son . 
 `` you knew about this ? '' 
 he held his hands up . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 she slapped her son right in the face . 
 `` you were raised better ! '' 
 he did n't back away from her . 
 `` mom , i can explain . '' 
 `` you better start ! '' 
 stosh spent the next hour telling his mother the details that he 'd left out before . 
 even i could tell how disappointed she was in him , even if his intentions were out of desperation . 
 when it was all said and done she turned her attention back to me . 
 `` willow , i am awfully happy about being a grandmother , but i would n't blame you for being angry with my son . 
 i do n't approve of his actions . '' 
 `` he was n't the only one who lied . 
 i told him i aborted the baby . 
 i had gone back to town and just wanted to forget what had happened . 
 regrettably , i did make the appointment , but the idea of giving up a baby was just too much for me to handle . 
 besides , i think in my heart , i just wanted to have a part of your son , even if he did n't want that with me . '' 
 `` so you were never going to tell him ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` this is like something i read in my novels . 
 i did n't think this kind of stuff happened in real life . '' 
 `` apparently , it does . '' 
 she pointed at both of us . 
 `` so , where do you stand now ? '' 
 he put his arm around me . 
 `` we 're together ; where we should have been all along . '' 
 `` and ivy ? '' 
 `` we do n't know where she is . '' 
 i announced . 
 `` so you could be in danger ? '' 
 if you enjoyed this book , please share a comment or review . 
 let me know what you think of this book by contacting me at the follow : `` i will keep her safe . '' 
 stosh informed her . 
 `` you 'll stay here with us . 
 i 'm not having that girl come anywhere near my grandchild . '' 
 she was adamant . 
 the last thing either of us wanted to do was stay at his parent 's house , but we knew it was a safe place to be before we could get everything else figured out . 
 the next few weeks were going to be hectic as stosh would be looking for a new job and a place for us to live . 
 since his father was n't around for the conversation , he had to sit down with him later that night and explain it all again . 
 he was as flabbergasted as his wife , but ended up being just as supportive . 
 before bed , stosh held me tightly in his arms . 
 i felt safer than i had in days . 
 `` i 'm going to see your mother tomorrow . '' 
 i sat up and looked at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's time she starts listening , will . 
 this shit has been going on long enough . 
 instead of running from ivy , we 're going to fight her . 
 she 's going down and i 'm going to do my damndest to make sure that it 's slow and painful . '' 
 `` fine by me . '' 
 he kissed me on my nose . 
 `` get some sleep . 
 you 're coming with me in the morning . '' 
 chapter 24 say what ? 
 i did n't want to face my parents , especially since they 'd just written me off without hearing my side of the story . 
 i get how things looked , but i still deserved the chance to plead my case , whether i was having an affair or not . 
 his parents stayed up pretty late , asking a million more questions . 
 i got that they were confused . 
 hell , i still did n't fully understand the complexity of everything that had been happening . 
 one thing we all knew was that my sister was sick . 
 she needed help . 
 as much as she 'd done to me , there was still this small part of me that felt like i was the only one that could get through to her . 
 contrary to her accusations of hating me , i felt like she must love me enough to want to be me so badly . 
 against my better judgment , i walked out onto stosh 's parent 's terrace with my cell phone . 
 before i changed my mind , i quickly dialed my sister 's number . 
 you have a lot of nerve calling me . 
 you have a lot of nerve saying that . 
 what do you want , willow ? 
 are you calling to brag about how you got the guy , because i do n't care anymore . 
 in fact , i 'm totally bored with it all . 
 i 'm calling because i want you to tell mom and dad the truth . 
 fat chance , sis . 
 you owe me , ivy . 
 after trying to ruin my life , it 's the least you can do . 
 i owe you nothing ! 
 ivy , please . 
 we 'll leave town and never bother you again . 
 i 'm not giving you the satisfaction of being the favorite again . 
 mom and dad are eating out of the palm of my hand . 
 they just gave me a hundred grand to start a new life . 
 you really think i 'd f ** k that up ? 
 you 're using them ! 
 of course i am . 
 just because things did n't work out with you , did n't mean that i had n't come up with a backup plan . 
 things could n't be working out better . 
 mom and dad are feeling so sorry for me that they are bending over backwards to make me happy . 
 they think you 're the worst person on the planet . 
 i love it ! 
 i know for a fact that they changed their will . 
 i get everything . 
 they 're going to find out the truth someday , ivy . 
 they wo n't find out . 
 i 'm making sure of that . 
 what are you going to do ? 
 goodbye , willow . 
 the call had been ended . 
 i was immediately petrified of what was going to happen next . 
 without regard for what time it was , i dialed my parent 's house number . 
 hello ? 
 dad , it 's willow . 
 listen to me , please . 
 ivy is up to something and you might be in danger . 
 i need you and mom to leave town for a couple of days . 
 willow , how did you get out of jail ? 
 tell us where you are . 
 you need help , honey . 
 dad , no ! 
 please ! 
 willow , you need to stop this . 
 you need to get help . 
 your sister has been through enough trauma . 
 i hung up the phone , realizing that i was n't going to get anywhere with him . 
 i 'd have to prove it to them , somehow . 
 looking back , i should have woke up stosh and asked him to go with me , but i was too worried about what my sister was planning to do . 
 for some reason , i felt like my parents were in serious danger . 
 there was no time to rationalize with my quick decision . 
 an hour after my phone call , i was already halfway down the road , in a pair of pajama pants . 
 stosh 's car was a stick shift and it was hard for me to get used to it . 
 the gears grinded as i switched from one to another . 
 the house was dark and it was quiet outside . 
 the lights were all turned out , as well as all the other houses on the block . 
 nothing seemed out of the ordinary , but i was n't going to be able to rest until i knew they were both safe . 
 that eerie feeling was overwhelming me more and more by the second . 
 unfortunately , the house was locked and the key that had been hidden , had been moved . 
 i checked under every rock , in the mailbox and even the electrical box on the side of the house with no result . 
 maybe it was the worst thing i could have done , but i started beating on the back door . 
 my parents may have wanted nothing to do with me , but i could n't abandon them . 
 i heard footsteps and someone unlocking the door , albeit the person that answered was not one of my parents . 
 rafe stood at the door with a gun pointed at me . 
 `` do n't make a scene , willow . '' 
 i immediately threw my hands in the air . 
 `` rafe , please ? '' 
 he pointed behind him with the gun . 
 `` get inside ! '' 
 he closed the door and locked it behind him . 
 i looked around quickly , but did n't see or hear my parents . 
 he turned around . 
 `` where 's the boyfriend ? '' 
 `` he 's not here ! '' 
 i wished he was , but i 'd left him sleeping . 
 `` if you 're lying , it will be the last thing you ever do . '' 
 his threat was n't taken lightly . 
 i said nothing as i backed away from him . 
 `` i swear . 
 i 'm all alone . 
 now tell me where my sister is ! 
 where 's ivy and where are my parents ? '' 
 i heard someone walking down the stairs . 
 `` well , i could n't have planned this any better . 
 did you come here to say goodbye , willow ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 are you leaving town ? 
 did you come here for the money ? '' 
 she started laughing . 
 `` the hundred grand ? 
 i ca n't survive on that . '' 
 i was scared with the way she 'd said that . 
 `` ivy , what are you planning on doing ? '' 
 `` do n't be stupid , will . 
 i think you already know the answer to that . '' 
 i shook my head and backed up against the wall as she got to the bottom of the steps . 
 her boyfriend kept his gun pointed right at me . 
 `` please , ivy . 
 please do n't do this . 
 they 'll give you anything you want . 
 please do n't hurt them . '' 
 she reached over and ran her hand through my hair . 
 i pulled away , but did n't make any sudden moves to alert rafe . 
 `` dear sister , if you only knew how happy i am that you 're here . 
 i 'd been trying to figure out how i was going to make this go off without a hitch . 
 with you here , everything just got so much easier . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she laughed at me . 
 `` you 've already been arrested . 
 the state thinks you 're a loose cannon . 
 when they see your lifeless body holding the gun that killed our parents , there wo n't be anyone to argue it . 
 i 've already practiced my part of it all . 
 after a few weeks of grieving , i 'll meet with the attorney and collect their entire estate . 
 the life insurance will take about a month to receive . 
 the hundred grand check will hold me over until that comes . '' 
 she clapped her hands together and reached for rafe . 
 he walked over to her and kissed her like i was n't in the room . 
 `` then we can run off and do anything we want , right , baby ? '' 
 `` you 're sick ! '' 
 `` fuck you ! 
 do you think i care what you think ? 
 nobody has ever cared what i thought . '' 
 `` you 're wrong ! 
 i cared . 
 i would have done anything for you . '' 
 she pushed me , sending me falling to the floor . 
 `` i did n't want your f ** king sympathy . 
 you will never understand , because you had everything i wanted . 
 they were so proud of you . 
 their sweet willow got the good grades . 
 she made the right decisions . 
 she fell for the good guy . 
 i 'm sick of it ! 
 they worshipped you while ignoring me . 
 i hate them ! '' 
 `` that is n't true , ivy . 
 they love you . 
 we all did . '' 
 she held up her hand . 
 `` just stop , willow . 
 i 'm done feeling like i will never be worthy . 
 i 've spent too much time planning this all out to back down now . 
 i want to be happy and the only way that will happen is if they 're out of my life for good . '' 
 `` murdering your family is n't going to make you feel better . '' 
 `` awe , do you think i care what you think of me or how you think i 'll feel ? 
 i do n't ! '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 if i was going to die , i wanted them to know that i loved them . 
 it did n't matter if they thought i was the traitor in the family . 
 nothing mattered when it came to being able to say goodbye when in this extreme of a situation . 
 i was already crying , in fear of my fate . 
 stosh was never going to know i was gone until the morning . 
 he 'd never get to say goodbye to me , or share in the birth of our baby . 
 no , this drastic move had sealed my fate . 
 i could feel it in my bones . 
 i was n't getting out the house alive and neither were my parents . 
 she turned her head and let out this evil kind of laugh . 
 `` you want to say goodbye , do n't you ? '' 
 there was no love in my sister 's eyes . 
 she lost all of her morality . 
 it was replaced with shear hate and nothing i could say or do was going to change that . 
 `` please . '' 
 she pointed toward me and looked over at her boyfriend . 
 `` take her ass upstairs with them . 
 make sure you watch her . 
 she 's sneaky . '' 
 he grabbed my arm and pulled me to stand up . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 my sister was talking to someone as i was pulled up the steps . 
 i could n't hear what she was saying , and i really did n't care . 
 i wanted to think that i was going to make it out alive and somehow save my parents , but it was n't going as planned . 
 rafe was a big , muscular guy , plus he had a gun pointed at me . 
 running would end my life sooner . 
 i saw my parents sitting on their bed . 
 they were tied together and had duct tape over their mouths . 
 i ran toward them , forgetting about the guy that was holding me . 
 he did n't try to pull me away as i freed myself from his grasp . 
 my parents could n't say anything , but i ran over and wrapped my arms around both of them . 
 they leaned their heads on me and i knew that they had figured out what was going on . 
 `` i love you both ! 
 we 're going to be fine . '' 
 i lied . 
 rafe got close . 
 `` sit down and shut up ! '' 
 i backed myself further onto my parent 's bed . 
 `` please , rafe . 
 do n't be a part of this . 
 you do n't have to do this . 
 ivy is sick . 
 she needs help . 
 you do n't want to kill ... '' he slapped me right across the face with the back of his hand . 
 `` i said shut the f ** k up ! '' 
 i pulled my knees up to my chest and cried on the bed , while my parents watched . 
 they were just as afraid as i was and we needed to be . 
 i saw ivy walk into the room with the diary in her hand . 
 she threw it right at me , hitting me on my ear . 
 the pain was immediate . 
 `` how did you get this ? '' 
 stosh was the last person to have the diary . 
 had she called him ? 
 oh my god , were they in this scheme together this whole time ? 
 had this all been some master plan ? 
 was he on her side this entire time ? 
 i could n't help but fear that was the truth . 
 `` tell me how you got this ? '' 
 she walked closer to the bed and pointed at the book . 
 `` i found it ! '' 
 she slapped me again . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 `` you know where i got it ! '' 
 i sat up and looked right at her . 
 at that point i had no idea how the diary got into her hands . 
 if i was going to die , i was going to fight . 
 she seemed shocked that i would get smart with her . 
 `` who else has seen this ? '' 
 i started laughing and crossed my hands over my chest . 
 `` enough people to make sure you 're put away for whatever happens here tonight . '' 
 she grabbed the book and chucked it against the wall , screaming at the top of her lungs . 
 with no regard for her losing control , she ripped the gun away from rafe and put it against my temple . 
 `` you ruined my life ! '' 
 i closed my eyes and prepared myself for my fate . 
 it would be a lie if i said i was n't petrified . 
 there was so much that i needed to say and no time left to be able to do it . 
 chapter 25 open your eyes . 
 when you feel your life flashing before your eyes , a million thoughts begin to run through your head . 
 i found myself wondering if i was going to feel the bullet as it plummeted through my skull . 
 i thought about how they would find my body and what excuse my sister was going to use to blame everything on me . 
 mostly , i wondered about stosh . 
 for a second i wondered if he was involved somehow , but then i thought about our baby , the one that would never get to be born . 
 stosh was never going to know them and his dreams of being a father would be gone again . 
 the gun was pushing into my skin and without regret , i screamed , `` i 'm pregnant ! '' 
 when the pressure of the gun disappeared , i opened my eyes and saw my sister staring at me . 
 she had it pointed at my face . 
 i held my hands in the air . 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm not ! 
 i swear ! '' 
 she stared at me like she was looking into my soul . 
 i could see how broken she was inside . 
 this was n't the little girl that i played with and shared my heart with as a child . 
 my sister was broken . 
 she 'd lost her mind as a result of jealous rage . 
 that little girl was gone forever . 
 she put down the gun and looked over at her boyfriend . 
 `` go to the store and buy a test . '' 
 `` it 's the middle of the night ! '' 
 he argued . 
 `` i do n't give a shit ! 
 if this bitch is telling the truth , i need to know . '' 
 the truth was that i 'd rather die than give her my baby . 
 telling her my most precious news was only to buy me enough time to save my family . 
 i was desperate and grasping at whatever i could . 
 `` i 'm not lying . 
 i was n't going to keep the baby , at first , so i did n't tell anyone . '' 
 she tapped the gun on the top of her head and paced around the room . 
 `` who is the father ? '' 
 `` you know the answer to that , since you planned to get me pregnant so you could steal my baby . 
 did you really think stosh would let you do that ? '' 
 `` i do n't give a damn what stosh was going to do . 
 he was just part of the plan that you messed up for me . 
 that 's what you do , though . 
 you mess up everything and come out smelling like roses . '' 
 i tried to stand up , but she pointed the weapon at me again . 
 `` do n't even try it ! 
 stay down . '' 
 `` you wo n't hurt the baby . 
 i know you wo n't ! '' 
 i was so afraid of her , but admitting that would only make her happy . 
 she was looking over at my parents and then back to me . 
 `` take her to the car and wait for me there . '' 
 rafe grabbed me by my arm and started pulling me out of the room . 
 `` wait ! 
 what about them ? 
 ivy , please do n't hurt them . 
 they love you . '' 
 `` save it for someone who cares . 
 they lost the chance to be my parents . '' 
 i tried to pull my way out of rafe 's hold , but it only sent me falling to the floor . 
 he pulled my hair and got me standing back up as he pulled me down the stairs . 
 none of the screaming or crying was getting me any pity from my sister 's partner in crime . 
 we got to the bottom of the stairs when i heard one single gun shot . 
 i screamed , loudly and collapsed to the ground . 
 neither of us knew what had taken place , so rafe went running back up the stairs . 
 while i watched him , i felt something touching my arm . 
 i screamed again , but was stopped by someone 's hand . 
 they picked me up and drug me out of the room . 
 once we were in the kitchen , the person turned me around . 
 stosh was standing there with his fingers over my mouth . 
 he leaned in close to my ear . 
 `` do n't make a sound . '' 
 `` ivy has a gun . 
 she just shot someone . 
 my parents are upstairs ! '' 
 i was freaking out and he knew it . 
 he ripped the restraint and freed my hands , then brought them up to his mouth and kissed them . 
 `` stay here . 
 call the police and hide . 
 no matter what you hear . 
 i need you to promise me that you wo n't come out . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i need to know . '' 
 we heard someone coming down the stairs . 
 `` promise me , willow . 
 please ! '' 
 he ran away before i could say anything . 
 i looked down with trembling hands at the phone he 'd left with me . 
 two voices were on the lower level . 
 i could hear rafe 's accent and deep voice as he yelled at my sister . 
 she was arguing back . 
 i heard one thing clear . 
 `` find her ! '' 
 i ducked down in the back of my parent 's pantry and made sure the door was closed . 
 they were going to find me . 
 i 'd hid in there every single time we 'd played hide and go seek . 
 with only seconds to spare , i dialed the numbers . 
 i heard the operator answer and whispered the words `` help me ! '' 
 when i knew she 'd heard me , i whispered the address and sat the phone on the floor . 
 the operator was still trying to talk to me when i heard the door to the pantry opening . 
 ivy stood there looking at me with a wicked look on her face . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 she reached in and grabbed my hand , pulling me out . 
 `` i 'm not done with you yet . '' 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 `` what did you do ivy ? 
 what happened upstairs ? '' 
 `` shut your mouth or you 'll end up just like he did . '' 
 i froze and she finally realized that my hands had been freed . 
 she reached for me , but i backed away quickly , grabbing a bottle of wine and swinging it at her . 
 the first time she ducked out of the way , but the second time i made a direct hit with the side of her jaw . 
 the bottle did n't break like i assumed it would . 
 she grabbed her face and crouched down with overwhelming pain . 
 rafe must have heard her crying . 
 he ran into the kitchen to assess what was going on . 
 i made a run for the front door , hoping to make it outside . 
 another gunshot caused me to freeze in place . 
 i turned around slowly and saw her aiming it right at me . 
 `` get your ass over here , right now ! '' 
 `` ivy , do n't ! '' 
 i saw him coming in out of the corner of my eye . 
 stosh took ivy down , sending the gun to the floor . 
 it spun around and landed under an antique table that my father had purchased in france . 
 rafe dove on top of stosh and the two of them began to scuffle around , throwing punches . 
 ivy rushed for the gun , and so did i . 
 we both knew that whoever got to it first was going to determine how all of this played out . 
 i reached my hand in beside hers , while we struggled to swing our free hands at each other . 
 i managed to climb on top of her and get a couple punches in . 
 she wrapped her legs around me and flung me onto the floor . 
 i felt her fist hitting below my eye . 
 the pain was immediate , but i kept fighting back . 
 my life was at stake . 
 i knew i had seconds to make a decision . 
 with no regard for my safety , i stopped blocking her and reached for the gun . 
 it was at that very moment that she kneed me right in the stomach . 
 it took my breath away and forced me to clench up in a ball . 
 it also gave her just enough time to locate the gun and aim it right at me . 
 i glanced over to look for stosh and saw him punching on rafe . 
 ivy was still on top of me and i was staring down the barrel of the gun . 
 slowly , she climbed off of me , never taking her aim off of me . 
 she stood up straight and smiled . 
 `` i walked in on you attacking our parents . 
 we fought and struggled over the gun . 
 it went off and then you just stopped breathing . '' 
 i heard her c ** k it back and closed my eyes . 
 `` i always loved you , ivy . 
 i would have done anything for you . '' 
 `` it 's too late to be my friend . 
 nothing can save you now ! '' 
 i 'm really not sure if he was already running toward me , but when i heard the gunfire , i kept my eyes shut and just waited to feel it taking my life away . 
 instead , i heard someone grunting and a loud crash next to me . 
 i opened my eyes to see stosh lying against the table . 
 he was holding his stomach and blood was rushing out around his hand . 
 i ran toward him , while ivy stood there in shock . 
 she got down on the floor and tried to assess the damage . 
 `` stoshua ! 
 oh no ! 
 it was n't supposed to be you . 
 no ! 
 please , be okay . '' 
 she let the gun fall to the floor and i picked it up . 
 stosh watched me , but said nothing as his eyes became heavy . 
 `` stay with me , stosh . 
 do n't go to sleep , babe . '' 
 i pointed the gun at ivy . 
 `` get your ass away from him ! 
 you just shot him and now you want to care ? 
 you 're done ivy ! 
 you are so done ! '' 
 my stomach was on fire and i knew i had to get to a hospital as soon as possible . 
 not only did i have to worry about me and getting stosh to a doctor , i also did n't know if my parents were alive . 
 it was too much to handle for someone in my situation , but i was doing it . 
 i was going to get us out of there . 
 at least , that 's what i thought , until i felt someone taking out my legs . 
 i fell down to the floor in front of my sister . 
 rafe bent over and grabbed the gun off the floor , i turned on my back to see him lifting and aiming it directly at me . 
 i 'd fought so hard to stay alive . 
 i 'd gotten the gun away from my sister and watched my boyfriend take a bullet for me . 
 i heard a gunshot go off and wondered if my parents were even breathing . 
 now my fate was being sealed . 
 with seconds left to live , i turned and looked over at stosh . 
 his face was going to be the last thing i saw . 
 he was reaching for me , his hands dripping with blood from his wound . 
 his eyes were barely open and i could tell he was in terrible pain . 
 `` willow ... '' he whispered . 
 all of the sudden the door burst open and a gun went off . 
 rafe fell down on top of me . 
 i could actually hear him taking his last breaths . 
 i struggled to get away from him , but he weighed too much . 
 loud voices filled the room and i felt someone removing the lifeless body that was keeping me pinned down . 
 police officers rushed over and everything started happening so fast . 
 i was carried out of the house . 
 medical workers ran inside , but i was to weak to talk . 
 my stomach was hurting and i 'd just felt someone die on top of me . 
 after a few minutes , i watched the crew bringing stosh out on a stretcher . 
 while looking to my left , i watched a helicopter landing on my parent 's front lawn . 
 they hopped out and lifted the stretcher into the aircraft before lifting up and flying him away . 
 i knew he was in serious condition if they were flying him to a bigger hospital . 
 while trying to contain my emotions , i watched two police officers escorting my parents outside . 
 without regard for my own health , i hopped off the ambulance and went running toward them . 
 i could see them crying even before i made it into their arms . 
 `` oh willow , we 're so sorry . '' 
 my mother gave me a once over before hugging me again . 
 `` we had no idea what was happening . 
 stoshua came to the hospital and left the diary in my office . 
 i never opened the envelope until tonight . 
 when i drove home , to show it to your father , your sister was here waiting . 
 i 'm so sorry , sweetie . '' 
 `` i thought she shot you . '' 
 it was all that would come out . 
 `` we 're going to be fine . 
 your sister aimed the gun at your father , but she could n't go through with it . 
 she shot the ceiling and ran downstairs . '' 
 my mother was crying so badly that she could n't continue speaking . 
 my father pulled her into his arms and just held her . 
 shooting pain sent me to my knees . 
 it was the last thing that i could remember before waking up in the hospital . 
 chapter 26 i ca n't lose you . 
 waking up in a hospital room and remembering how you got there is n't exactly a peaceful thing to go through . 
 it took me a few seconds to focus on the room . 
 my parents were in a chair together and they were asleep . 
 it was so good to see that they were there with me . 
 just imagining a life without them in it would be difficult . 
 they 'd never be able to meet their ... my baby . 
 i sat up and looked around again , noticing that i had an iv sticking in my arm . 
 a clear drip was being administered and i was desperate to know what was going on . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 my voice was raspy . 
 it felt so dry , like i had n't drank anything in days . 
 she stirred and rushed over to the bedside . 
 `` willow , are you okay ? 
 are you in any pain ? 
 oh my god , this is all my fault . 
 how could i have not known ? '' 
 she started crying and buried her head into my father 's chest . 
 i shook my head , but placed my hands on my stomach . 
 fear overwhelmed me when i thought about my baby . 
 i tried to sit up straight in the bed , but my mother kept me still . 
 `` mom , i. . . '' 
 `` the baby is fine , willow . 
 stosh 's parents called us from the hospital . 
 they were so worried about you . 
 we ran the tests ourselves and did a sonogram . '' 
 she lifted up the picture that happened to be in her hand . 
 `` i never would have forgiven myself if something bad would have happened to you or your child . 
 we had no idea that ivy was capable of such horrible things . '' 
 i grabbed her hand . 
 `` mom , the pain was horrible . 
 i was sure i was having a miscarriage . 
 you 're sure everything 's okay ? '' 
 `` you went through something traumatic and were injured from fighting . 
 i would imagine the pain would be unbearable . 
 i can assure you that the baby is fine . 
 it is still so small and well protected . 
 fetuses can be so resilient . 
 women have fallen down stairs and even been in accidents and still carried to term . 
 hang on a minute and i 'll prove it to you . '' 
 she stood up and messed with the monitor above my head . 
 a thumping sound got louder . 
 it sounded like a heartbeat , but was much faster . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` that 's your baby . 
 their hearts beat faster than ours . 
 we were afraid it would be too early to hear . '' 
 `` i 'm around nine to ten weeks . 
 i was four or five weeks when i found out . 
 at first i did n't know what i was going to do . 
 you and dad thought i purposely had an affair with stosh . 
 you could n't have known that it was all some scheme of ivy 's to steal my baby . '' 
 she started to turn the volume back down . 
 `` no ! 
 please keep it on . '' 
 i wanted to hear it 's little heart beating . 
 it made me think of stosh and how we were finally going to be a family . 
 she smiled and kissed my forehead . 
 `` you should rest . '' 
 `` i ca n't rest . 
 i want to know about stosh . 
 i watched him get shot . '' 
 i rubbed my stomach . 
 `` he has to be okay . 
 we have to be together . 
 he wants this baby more than anything . 
 we want to be a family . '' 
 she looked over at my father and then back to me . 
 `` he 's in surgery . 
 the bullet became lodged and they are working to get it out . '' 
 i started to cry , becoming frantic . 
 `` is he going to die ? 
 he ca n't ... i mean , he has to be okay . 
 we can finally be together . 
 he has to be alright . '' 
 i was crying so badly that the words were hard to get out . 
 i put my hands over my face and bawled . 
 my heart rate rapidly increased and my father stood up and came to my bedside . 
 `` sweetheart , you have to relax . 
 worrying is n't going to help him get better . 
 you have to stay positive . '' 
 i hated him talking to me like i was one of his patients . 
 i looked at both of them and felt myself dying inside . 
 not knowing stosh 's fate was killing me . 
 i could n't raise a baby without him . 
 he promised to be with me . 
 he told me that nothing could keep us apart again . 
 `` ivy ! 
 where is she ? '' 
 i could n't remember anything . 
 `` tell me they got her . '' 
 `` your sister was taken into custody . 
 her accomplice did n't make it . 
 she is n't going to hurt you anymore , willow . 
 we promise you that . '' 
 i could see the pain in my father 's eyes . 
 they were so disappointed . 
 who could blame them ? 
 their own daughter had planned to murder her entire family for money and a baby that was n't hers . 
 what kind of human being could be that cold ? 
 my mother patted my leg . 
 `` she 's being held at the county detention center until her arraignment . 
 when we know where they are going to send her , your father is having her evaluated by someone he works with . 
 even if your sister would ever get out of jail , she 's going to be put away in an institution for a very long time . 
 after talking to stosh 's parents , we have a better idea of everything that 's been going on . 
 we 're really sorry that we did n't believe you . 
 we just never thought your sister would be capable of such madness . '' 
 `` she wanted you dead . 
 in fact , she wanted us all dead . 
 i never had any idea how she felt about me . 
 i trusted her and all along she 's been trying to ruin my life . '' 
 my mother ran her hand through my hair . 
 `` will you ever forgive us ? '' 
 i wanted to tell them that i was still angry ; that nothing they said or did could make me forget that they 'd turned their backs on me , but i just could n't . 
 all i cared about was stosh and our baby . 
 `` i 'm not mad at you guys . 
 we were all a part of ivy 's scheme . 
 none of us could have known she was capable of such horrible things . '' 
 `` can we get you anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i need stosh . 
 please , can you just find out if he 's okay ? 
 i need to know , mom . 
 i need to hear his voice . 
 i ca n't rest until i know he 's going to be fine . '' 
 she looked over at my father . 
 `` we can go make some phone calls . 
 are you going to be okay here by yourself ? 
 i 'm so worried about you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll be fine as soon as i know he 's okay . '' 
 i rubbed my abdomen again . 
 `` we need to know . '' 
 `` you really love him do n't you ? '' 
 `` i 've loved him since the day he first walked into my life . 
 i was just too afraid to tell him . 
 ivy took advantage of that and kept us apart . 
 she told him i was n't interested and seduced him into thinking they slept together after prom . 
 you read the diary . 
 you know the truth . '' 
 i wiped my eyes again . 
 `` i ca n't lose him , mom . 
 i just ca n't , not after everything we 've been through to be together . '' 
 when my parents walked out of the room , i felt myself losing control of my emotions . 
 my life had been threatened . 
 my unborn child 's life had been threatened and their father had been shot . 
 my sister was still ruining our lives , even from behind bars . 
 while stosh fought to stay alive , she was probably sitting in a cell gloating about her accomplishments . 
 i imagined bursting into the lock up room and shooting her for the hell of it . 
 she made me sick and , for the first time , i accepted that she was no longer my sister . 
 i did n't care if she was sick in the head . 
 there were just some things in life that could n't be forgiven . 
 i 'd never forgive her for ripping out my heart and threatening my life and the people that i loved . 
 when my parents did n't come back right away , i knew something had to be wrong . 
 they did n't want to burden you with bad news . 
 the problem was that i just had to know . 
 i had to know if he did n't make it . 
 i had to know if a part of my soul was going to be lost forever . 
 it hurt even more knowing that we 'd missed so much time together . 
 we should have been the ones that were married with little children running around . 
 all of the little things that stoshua had done , while helping ivy , seemed so small in comparison to a lifetime without him . 
 i did n't care that he 'd lied to me , or hurt me . 
 he did it to be with me , because he thought it was the only way it could ever happen . 
 i think if the roles were reversed , i would have been desperate enough to do the same . 
 my love for him had only grown stronger and the baby that was growing inside of me helped me to forgive . 
 the only thing that i wanted was to be able to feel his strong arms wrapping around me . 
 i wanted to see him holding our baby when he or she was born . 
 i wanted to lay in bed with our baby in between us , while looking into each other 's eyes . 
 he was everything to me and , even when we were n't together , he always had been . 
 i waited another half hour before i sat up and started pushing the button for a nurse . 
 a woman , a little older than me came walking in . 
 `` can i help you with something ? '' 
 `` my parents ? 
 have you seen them ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm afraid my shift just started . 
 i can look around for them . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 they probably went to get something to eat . '' 
 after she walked away , i grabbed the telephone and dialed stosh 's number . 
 of course , i should have known that he could n't answer . 
 maybe i just wanted to hear his voice when the message thingy came on . 
 this is stosh . 
 you know what to do . 
 i started crying harder , just hearing his recorded voice . 
 it 's me . 
 i know you are n't listening right now , but i need you to know how much i love you . 
 no matter where i was in life , you never left my mind and my heart . 
 it 's always been you , stoshua wheeler . 
 i do n't care about the past or what we 've had to go through . 
 i just want our future . 
 i want us to be together . 
 it does n't matter where we live , or what we do , as long as we 're together . 
 we 're a family now and i need you so much . 
 do you hear me , stosh ? 
 i ca n't lose you , babe . 
 i ca n't lose the one thing that i 've always wanted . 
 we 're so close . 
 you have to fight . 
 please , just be okay . 
 i ca n't live without you . 
 if he did hear the message , i was n't sure he would be able to hear the last parts . 
 i was too emotional . 
 thinking about the possibility of him not surviving was making it hard to breathe . 
 i needed to know . 
 i had to call information to get his parent 's phone number . 
 i called three times and nobody had answered . 
 i did n't know who else i could call or what i could do . 
 knowing that they were going to come back at some point , i did n't call my parents . 
 if they were staying away , it was for a legitimate reason . 
 unfortunately , only one thing could have kept them away . 
 my fear of losing stosh was becoming a reality . 
 when my parents finally came around the corner , and my mother had tears in her eyes , i knew it could n't be good . 
 i sat up and immediately started to cry harder . 
 i felt all of my hope leaving my body . 
 my heart was empty . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shook my head while continuing to cry . 
 my parents looked at each other and then back to me . 
 i did n't take my eyes off of them as i waited to hear . 
 i wished i was one of those people that could feel nothing . 
 i wanted to be numb , instead of feeling overwhelmed with pain . 
 `` just say it . 
 i need to hear you say it . '' 
 chapter 27 i need a mulligan . 
 they came over to the bed and my mother grabbed my hand . 
 `` sweetie , stosh is n't gone . 
 he just may not be able to ever walk again . 
 the bullet was lodged into his spine . 
 he 's been in surgery for four hours and they are afraid he has spinal damage . '' 
 i did n't hear the part about stosh being paralyzed . 
 all i heard was that he was going to live . 
 `` he 's really okay ? '' 
 `` your father talked to the surgeon himself . '' 
 my mother looked over at him and gave him a nudge . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 i spoke to malcolm brodham on the phone . 
 we were colleagues a while back . 
 the bullet entered clean , but became lodged in stoshua 's lower spine . 
 they wo n't know the extent of his paralysis until he wakes up and can begin physical therapy . '' 
 `` but , he 's alive ? '' 
 `` yes , sweetheart , he 's alive . '' 
 i was so happy . 
 of course i was afraid of his recovery , but he was going to be able to hold his child . 
 he would be there during the birth and to celebrate birthdays and holidays . 
 `` i need to go there . 
 i have to see him . '' 
 `` willow , you 're in the hospital . 
 stosh would want you safe , '' my mother argued . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` please ! 
 he 's all i 've had for a while now . 
 he needs me there . '' 
 `` you are n't due to be released until the morning . '' 
 i grabbed my iv and ripped it out of my arm . 
 my mother seemed so shocked that she rushed over and tried to grab my arm . 
 `` willow , what are you doing ? '' 
 i pulled away . 
 `` take me to stosh . 
 you both have the pull to get me out of here . 
 i 'm fine . 
 you said it yourself . 
 check me out under your care . 
 you can stay with me the whole time . 
 i just need you to take me to stosh . 
 i 'm not asking you . 
 now , you can either help me , or i will call a cab and get there myself . '' 
 i hated threatening them , but nothing was going to stop me from seeing stoshua . 
 i had to be there with him . 
 nothing else mattered in my life at that very moment . 
 my parents did n't fight me after i threatened to go alone . 
 within a half hour , we were in the parking lot , headed for their car . 
 they insisted on keeping me in a wheelchair and i did n't even care . 
 as long as we were headed to the other hospital , i was okay with their insisting . 
 the anticipation of seeing him had me on edge . 
 my parents tried to talk to me during our twenty - minute ride , but i could hardly answer them . 
 all i wanted to do was wrap my arms around stosh and feel that rush of relief . 
 the worst was over and we were going to be able to breathe again . 
 no matter what he had to go through , we were going to do it together . 
 from now on , we were going to be a team . 
 nothing could come between us . 
 so i thought . 
 we arrived at the hospital and my parents were adamant about me being wheeled in . 
 i imagine running , but just knowing i would get there was fine with me . 
 they had to stop and talk to a couple people , since it was after hours and our situation was n't ideal . 
 thank god , both of my parents knew their way around a hospital , and enough physicians to be able to get around the rules . 
 stosh 's parents were both in his room . 
 they were arguing with him and i did n't understand why that would be happening . 
 i thought when he saw me ; he 'd be happy and reach his arms out for me to come into them . 
 instead , he turned his head in the opposite direction , like he had n't even seen me at all . 
 it hurt my feelings , especially considering what i 'd done to get there . 
 i looked back at my parents and told them to let me go in alone . 
 stosh 's parents both kissed my head as they walked out of the room to join my parents . 
 he still had n't turned back around , even as i spoke to his mom and dad . 
 i wheeled the chair over to his bed and reached out for his hand . 
 he pulled away . 
 `` do n't , will . '' 
 `` do n't what ? 
 i came as fast as i could . 
 i was so worried about you . 
 i thought i lost you . '' 
 he put his hands over his face . 
 `` we ca n't be together . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` look at me , willow . 
 i 'm f ** king crippled . 
 i 'm never going to walk again . 
 do you really think i 'd be a good father ? 
 hell , i probably ca n't even have sex . 
 you really want to have to take care of me , too ? '' 
 `` i will . 
 i 'll do whatever i have to . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 `` you will for the first couple of months , maybe even years , but after a while you 'll get so tired of it . 
 then i 'll just be a burden . '' 
 i shook my head and pushed him . 
 `` do n't tell me what i want , or how things will be . 
 you do n't know that . 
 i 'd never feel that way . '' 
 `` that 's what they all say . 
 all i am is a charity case . 
 nothing is ever going to be okay . '' 
 i got that he was in shock over his diagnosis , but it was no reason for him to shut me out . 
 `` stosh , please . 
 you do n't mean what you 're saying . 
 i know you do n't feel that way . 
 we 're having a baby . 
 you 're going to be a father . '' 
 he scrunched up his face . 
 `` what kind of father would i be ? 
 i ca n't raise a kid . 
 i do n't even know if i 'll be able to wipe my own ass . 
 just face it willow . 
 this dream of ours was over before it ever started . 
 ivy got what she wanted . 
 she ruined my life . '' 
 i started to cry harder . 
 `` i wo n't let you do this , not after everything that has happened . 
 i 'm not going to give up on us , not ever . '' 
 i had to cover my face , not because i was ashamed , but because the pain of it all was too much to take . 
 i had n't just gone through hell to be pushed away . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , willow . 
 you know i wanted us to be together . '' 
 i let my hands fall to my sides and looked at him . 
 it was so confusing . 
 `` you 're sorry ? 
 you 're the one pushing me away . 
 you 're the one saying we ca n't be together . 
 i do n't give a damn if you lost your arms and your legs . 
 i 'd still want you to be a father to our child . 
 i ca n't do this without you . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you can and you will . 
 you were going to do it before we got together . 
 i know you 're capable . 
 if it 's money you want , then i 'll pay child support . 
 hopefully , in time , you 'll find someone that can take you places , that will want to adopt our baby and raise them as their own . '' 
 i could see that his last sentence had gotten to him . 
 he started to choke up on his last words . 
 `` i need you to be happy , willow . 
 it 's all i want . '' 
 i walked over to his bed . 
 `` i do n't believe what your saying . 
 i do n't believe you 're going to just let me go off and live a life with someone else . 
 i sure as hell do n't believe you 're going to let someone else raise your child . 
 you can act like a total dick to me . 
 you can tell me to go away , so you can sit there and feel sorry for yourself . 
 i 'm not going anywhere , stosh . 
 i will wait for you . 
 i 'll wait as long as i have to , and when you 're ready , you 'll have that life you always wanted . '' 
 i could tell he was fighting his own tears . 
 he was devastated and i could n't blame him for it . 
 i would have reacted the same way if i thought i was n't going to ever be able to walk again . 
 it was a terrible tragedy , but it was n't the end of his life . 
 if anyone could get through it , we could . 
 he put his hands back over his face . 
 `` i ca n't do this right now . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 if you had n't snuck off on your own , i would n't be lying in this f ** king bed ! 
 now , just get out of here . 
 you 've done enough ! '' 
 i reached over and ran the back of my hand down his arm . 
 `` i love you . 
 nothing will ever change that . '' 
 it was hard for me to walk out of those doors . 
 all i 'd wanted to do was rush in and be with him . 
 i had no idea he 'd be sending me away like i meant nothing to him . 
 it not only hurt my feelings , but it made me wonder if a part of him would ever be able to get past having a disability . 
 my parents were standing with stosh 's . 
 i think they knew that things had n't gone the way i wanted them to , when i came out of the room in tears . 
 i felt embarrassed because i 'd had faith in our love . 
 it did n't make sense that stosh could just push me away . 
 did he really think i was that kind of person ? 
 neither my mother nor father asked questions on the way home . 
 they whispered things to each other , but said nothing about stosh or ivy . 
 it was n't until we pulled up at their house when they both turned around to get my attention . 
 `` we can stay at a hotel if it would be easier for you . '' 
 i was surprised that they wanted to stay there . 
 my mother did n't look too sure when she was asking . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'm too exhausted to worry about anything else . '' 
 that was a lie . 
 the only thing i wanted to do was lock myself in my old room and cry myself to sleep . 
 my heart was breaking and , this time , it was n't because someone had died . 
 it was because he lived , but did n't want to be with me , or our baby . 
 my sister had stolen my happiness , just like she 'd planned . 
 she may have ended up in jail , but in the end , she got exactly what she wanted . 
 stosh did n't want to be with me . 
 thinking about it made me break down , in the backseat of my parent 's car . 
 my mother climbed out of the passenger seat and opened the back door for me . 
 i grabbed her hand and let her pull me out of the car . 
 she wasted no time , pulling me into her comforting arms . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , honey . '' 
 `` why does n't he want me ? 
 what did i do wrong ? '' 
 `` he 's going through something traumatic . 
 until he can come to grips with his situation , it 's better if you stay apart . '' 
 `` but , i do n't want to . 
 i need him . '' 
 i heard my father getting out of the car and coming around to our side . 
 her rubbed my back while i cried in their driveway . 
 `` all of this was so that we could be together . 
 he blames me for what happened . '' 
 `` what happened to him was directly due to your sister 's antics . 
 stosh will come around . 
 i see this in all of my patients . 
 they need someone to blame . 
 it will pass . '' 
 my father tried to say something comforting , but it solved nothing . 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 it was my fault . 
 i should n't have gone there alone . 
 i should have told him . 
 things could have turned out differently . 
 this is all my fault . '' 
 `` honey , this was a terrible accident . '' 
 `` he took that bullet to save my life and because of it , he 's lost his ability to walk . '' 
 my mother grabbed me by the arm and led me to the front door . 
 `` let 's get you inside and get you to bed . 
 you need to rest . 
 the baby needs you to rest . '' 
 i think she knew if she mentioned the baby i would snap out of my self - inflicted pity party . 
 when we got into the foyer , the sun was starting to rise . 
 a bloody mess awaited us . 
 i covered my mouth with my hand and looked around . 
 there was blood spatter on the walls and a puddle of dried blood on the hardwood floor . 
 i dropped down to the floor and put my hand down where stosh had fallen . 
 with my eyes closed , i thought back to how it all happened . 
 it was still so fresh in my mind . 
 this time , my parents picked me up and forced me to go upstairs . 
 my mother pulled me up each step . 
 `` you need a nice shower and a good night 's sleep . 
 i wo n't take no for an answer . 
 if i have to lay beside you , i will . '' 
 she was so kind while getting the water to a good temperature . 
 she helped get the soiled clothes off of me and get me standing in the shower . 
 i was n't weak from being beat up ; i was weak from having a broken heart . 
 my mother waited in the bathroom until i was finished . 
 then she proceeded to wrap a towel around me and get me to my old bedroom . 
 once i was dressed and under the covers , she brought me up a cup of hot tea . 
 `` it 's decaf . '' 
 i sipped at the honey tea and sat it down on my bedside table . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` sweetie , things are going to be okay . 
 i know he loves you . 
 his mother and i talked about it tonight . 
 he 's being stubborn , like every man does when something goes wrong . 
 you just be patient with him . 
 let him get used to what 's happened to him . 
 he 's not going to let you walk away . 
 i promise ! '' 
 `` i wish i could get a do - over of the last five years . '' 
 she stroked her fingers through my hair . 
 `` we all want one of those . '' 
 `` what if he does n't want me anymore ? 
 how will i be able to raise a baby ? 
 i gave up my new apartment and my job to be with him . 
 we were going to run away and raise our baby together . '' 
 `` you 're not alone , willow . 
 your father and i will help take care of you and the baby . 
 you can move in with us and find a job locally . 
 your dad and i have plenty of connections to get you started with something here . 
 please consider it . '' 
 since i had no other options and i could n't have a do - over , i knew it was my only option . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 she leaned down and kissed me . 
 `` i would too . 
 get some sleep , baby . 
 i 'm right down the hall if you need me . '' 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she turned around and looked at me . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you 've all been so worried about me . 
 i never thought to ask you . '' 
 `` your father and i will be fine . 
 after learning everything that our other daughter had done to you , what she did to us was minimal . 
 i 'm just glad we 're all safe . 
 get some sleep . '' 
 when she closed the door , i could n't help but cry a little more . 
 i found my yearbook in my bedside table where i 'd left it . 
 after flipping through a couple pages , i got to the seniors . 
 under each picture the students listed what they saw for their future . 
 what stosh wrote finally made sense . 
 be successful . 
 marry the girl of my dreams . 
 start a family . 
 i traced over his words . 
 that statement had been about me . 
 a love like that does n't just go away . 
 i was going to wait for him , like he 'd waited for me . 
 his life with my sister no longer mattered . 
 i could n't let his past stand in the way of our future . 
 stosh was mine and i was n't letting him go without a fight . 
 chapter 28 starting a new life . 
 my attempts at getting stosh back fell flat . 
 as unfortunate as it was , i had to keep trying . 
 for the first couple weeks , my family had so much going on . 
 between my sister being arraigned and deciding what they were going to do about getting her a lawyer , they were completely on edge . 
 my father wanted her to just magically get better , while my mother thought more rationally . 
 she knew that ivy needed professional help . 
 whether it have been in jail or in a mental facility , she would n't pose a threat . 
 they argued every single night about posting her million - dollar bail . 
 i think what finally settled the quarrel was the fact that i threatened to leave if she were to come home , even for a temporary stay until her actual trial . 
 it was hard for them to have to pick which daughter to help . 
 i got that . 
 i just could n't forgive like they wanted to . 
 my days of being friends with my sister were very over . 
 ever since finding out the whole story , stosh 's mother and i had grown very close . 
 she called every couple of days and kept me optimistic about having a future with her son . 
 i knew part of it was so that they could have a life with their first grandchild , but it did n't matter , because i wanted that , too . 
 stosh was having a difficult time . 
 he 'd been released from the hospital and had started physical therapy . 
 unfortunately , since the shooting , he 'd not been able to feel anything below the waist . 
 his mother said that he was n't even back to work yet . 
 they 'd paid his rent , so that he would n't lose his place . 
 he was staying there all alone and giving up on everything that ever meant something to him . 
 it saddened me so much . 
 we could be happy together , but he insisted on being so damn stubborn . 
 i tried calling him . 
 his parents even tried to talk some sense into him . 
 nothing was helping . 
 finally , sometime during the fourth week , i could n't take it any longer . 
 going against everyone 's advice , i found myself standing outside of stosh 's place . 
 i could hear the television on , so i knew he was home . 
 i knocked twice , before i heard him yell , `` it 's open . '' 
 i assume that he figured i was his mom , when he just invited me in . 
 the look on his face confirmed my inclinations . 
 he creased his brow and shook his head . 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 i looked around and noticed all of the furniture had been moved to allow a wheelchair to get around . 
 stosh was sitting on the couch with the chair right next to him . 
 i sat down on the opposite end of the couch . 
 `` it was my decision , not yours . '' 
 `` why did you come ? 
 did you want to see how awful it is ? 
 are you satisfied , or do you need to see me struggle to get a glass of water , or watch me trying to climb on the toilet to be able to take a shit ? '' 
 i was n't prepared to feel sorry for him , but that was exactly what was happening . 
 since he had no feeling below the waist , i knew that maneuvering around was extremely difficult . 
 `` i can see it 's been hard for you . '' 
 the room got quiet . 
 i did n't know what to say to him . 
 he was miserable and i could n't take that pain away . 
 i thought about our baby and instinctively rubbed my stomach . 
 since i was jobless , all i 'd been doing was eating . 
 a little bump was starting to form and in just a few more weeks i would be having a sonogram to see what the sex of our baby was . 
 stosh saw me rubbing my bump . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not getting sick , but it has n't been easy . 
 i 'm not supposed to be stressed and it 's all i 've been my whole pregnancy . 
 my parents have been helping me . 
 they offered to let me live with them until i can get back on my feet . 
 they think i should just wait until after the baby is born to go back to work . '' 
 `` sounds like you have things figured out . '' 
 he flipped through the channels , refusing to look at me . 
 `` i miss you . '' 
 maybe i should n't have just come out with it like that . 
 i could n't sit there any longer without expressing my feelings . 
 he shook his head and turned off the television . 
 after running his hands over his face , he finally turned to face me . 
 `` will , i 'm not going to lie to you . 
 i miss you , too . 
 it 's just ... i ca n't see us ever being happy with me in that damn chair . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't see us ever being happy without being together . 
 i want you . 
 i want every part of you . 
 do n't you get that ? '' 
 i knew he wanted to stand up and walk away , except he could n't and it was driving him crazy . 
 `` do n't you think i 've thought of every possible way for us to be together ? 
 willow , i ca n't feel anything anymore . 
 do you get what that means ? 
 i may never be able to give you what you need . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` do you seriously think that all i care about is having sex ? 
 there are other things that people can do to be intimate with each other . 
 besides , i want you , not your dick ! '' 
 perhaps he was a bit shocked at what came out of my mouth . 
 he waited a few seconds before answering . 
 `` it will get old . 
 i ca n't take the rejection . 
 do you understand that i 'd rather not be together now , then spend five to ten years together and have you leave me . 
 i do n't want to taste happiness , when i know it is n't going to last . '' 
 i got down on the floor and positioned myself between his legs . 
 `` there are no guarantees in life , stosh . 
 i could walk out that door and get into an accident . 
 i could be hit by lightning and die . 
 you can sit there and say you do n't want to try . 
 you can sit there and act like a little bitch , but i know what i want . 
 i know what we 're up against and all of it is worth it , if it lets us be together . '' 
 `` did you just call me a bitch ? '' 
 i put my hands on his knees and sat up , face to face with him . 
 `` yes , i did . 
 what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 he looked hurt as he reached out and touched my face . 
 i closed my eyes , accepting his affectionate gesture . 
 `` you 're killing me . '' 
 i reached up and kept his hand on me . 
 slowly , while staring into his eyes , i brought his hand down my neck and left it sitting on my breast . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 i leaned forward , pushing him back against the couch . 
 it turned me on to be completely in control . 
 i was careful as i climbed up onto his lap . 
 `` willow ... '' i kissed his soft lips . 
 at first , he turned his head . 
 i kissed his jaw and then his neck . 
 `` tell me what you want , stosh . '' 
 i nibbled on his ear , before kissing it . 
 `` tell me that you want me to walk out that door and never come back . 
 is that what you really want ? '' 
 i nudged his face with my nose and felt him bringing his lips toward mine . 
 `` kiss me . '' 
 he kissed me slowly , holding back from what i knew he was capable of . 
 i pulled away and ran my fingers over his lips . 
 he reached his hands around my waist and groaned . 
 i swayed my hips back and forth and felt his hands going under my shirt and up my back . 
 `` you could have someone else that can walk with you and satisfy you the way i never can . '' 
 `` they 'll never give me what i want . 
 they ca n't be you , stosh . 
 they 'll never be what i want . '' 
 i kissed him again , feeling totally satisfied with just being in his arms . 
 `` i have nothing to offer you . 
 i ca n't be a good father , if i ca n't even walk around . '' 
 `` you do n't think our son or daughter is going to want to ride around with their cool dad ? 
 i do n't care about the chair . 
 i do n't care about taking walks , or what you may not be able to do . 
 i 've loved you for so long and nothing has ever changed that . 
 i 'll never be happy unless i 'm with you . '' 
 he stopped letting me kiss him . 
 i saw fear in his eyes , even before they started to water . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 i tried to kiss him but he pulled away again . 
 `` i 'm scared of losing you , willow . 
 i 'm afraid to let you in , because i ca n't live with watching you leave me . 
 i just want you to be happy , even if it 's not with me . '' 
 `` that is a lie . 
 you will be miserable and you know it . 
 words ca n't describe what i feel when i 'm with you . 
 i know you feel that way , too . 
 my sister took so much from me , but i wo n't let her keep us apart . 
 i wo n't let anything keep us apart , stosh . 
 you 're my best friend and i want to spend the rest of my life with you . 
 i do n't care if you ca n't walk . 
 i do n't care about any of that . 
 i love you for so many other reasons . 
 our baby is going to love you and you are the only father that they 'll ever have . '' 
 a single tear fell down his cheek . 
 `` please do n't say these things to make me happy . '' 
 i kissed him on the forehead . 
 `` i 'm saying these things because they 're true . 
 what can i do to prove that to you ? '' 
 i put my hands on his cheeks and made him look me in the eyes . 
 `` stop pushing me away . 
 be with me because you want it as much as i do . 
 these past few weeks have been hell for me . 
 i came here today , because i ca n't take living another day without you . 
 if you think i 'm ever going to want something else , you 're totally wrong . 
 you 're all i will ever want . 
 i know it , because every time i think of you , i get butterflies in my stomach . 
 thinking about this baby growing inside of me , and knowing we made it together , makes my heart melt . 
 i want you there when our child is born . 
 i want you there for the first steps , for the first day of school and sitting next to me when they graduate from high school . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` you 're not asking very much . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i want it all ! '' 
 he ran his hands up and down my arms . 
 `` i can see that fighting with you only makes you try harder . '' 
 `` i can sit here forever if i have to . '' 
 of course , that was an exaggeration . 
 i already had to use the bathroom and being pregnant was n't helping . 
 `` i guess there 's only one thing left to do then . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i was n't going to let him push me away this time . 
 i was there for one reason and it was n't to be rejected . 
 i was fighting for my future , a future for my family . 
 `` i guess i need to hurry up with that divorce . '' 
 `` come again ? '' 
 `` willow , i talked to my lawyer , when this all started happening . 
 he said that since ivy and i shared nothing of value , once the separation period was over , we could sign the papers and be done . 
 ivy will be locked up anyway . 
 she wo n't be able to hurt us . 
 i wo n't let her . '' 
 `` are you saying what i think you are ? '' 
 i was afraid to blink . 
 `` the way i see it , i do n't have a choice but to give you what you want . '' 
 `` it 's taken you long enough to see that . '' 
 i was so happy that i could n't stop smiling . 
 he sighed . 
 `` it 's not going to be easy . 
 i may never walk again and i 'm having a hard time dealing with that . 
 i 'm going to have to move out of here , since i ca n't take care of the main house , and that was how i got half taken off of my rent . 
 i 'll do my best to try to keep you happy and to be a father , but with no legs , it will be difficult . 
 i 'm going to need you to have patience , since i know that 's something you struggle with . '' 
 i put my fingers over his lips . 
 `` stop talking . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` just tell me what i want to hear . 
 i want you to say it without all this explaining . '' 
 `` you were right and i was wrong . 
 i have n't given up on us , because you 're all i want . 
 i miss my best friend and being without you is tearing me apart . 
 i never considered that something like this could happen to me . 
 i thought once your sister was caught , we 'd finally be together . 
 when i found myself in the hospital , crippled , i just figured you 'd be better off without me . 
 i knew you 'd fight me on it and it would be difficult . 
 i just could n't imagine holding you back . 
 i did n't want to ruin your life . '' 
 `` it was never like that for me . 
 i never even considered walking away . 
 i 'd do anything for you , stosh . '' 
 he pulled me into a hug and kept his lips near my ear . 
 `` thank you for giving me the time i needed to see it . 
 i 'm sorry i hurt you , willow . 
 i know i promised i 'd never do that again . 
 why you keep giving me chances is beyond my understanding . 
 i do n't deserve you . '' 
 `` well , your getting me anyway , because i ca n't give you up . 
 you 're all mine ! '' 
 we spent the rest of the afternoon cuddled up on that couch . 
 sure , i had to get up to use the bathroom and i made us something to eat . 
 i also had to call my parents and let them know that we were working things out and i would n't be home . 
 nothing was going to keep us apart , ever again . 
 chapter 29 so long , farewell ! 
 with each passing day , my belly grew and stosh got used to being in a wheelchair . 
 days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months . 
 we found a house and my parents helped us put a down payment on it . 
 i think they wanted to help me so much because they felt guilty . 
 at any rate , we needed it . 
 stosh finally went back to work for his father . 
 he could do everything from his new home office . 
 since he was in sales , it was n't necessary for him to go into the office . 
 all of his coworkers knew his situation and were fine with him working from our house . 
 we decided that i was n't going to work until after the baby was born . 
 stosh made enough to afford the mortgage and our other bills , so we were n't stretched on money . 
 once we 'd moved in , everything finally settled down . 
 mine and stosh 's parents insisted on buying us new furniture for our house . 
 they did n't want anything from the past reminding us of what we 'd been through . 
 i did n't mind it . 
 i think it made us appreciate each other more . 
 normally , stosh would work from nine to five . 
 of course , he had plenty of down time to spend with me . 
 we got hooked on soap operas and spent his lunch break in bed or on the couch . 
 i ate more than ever before and gained double the amount of weight i should have . 
 we were just so happy and so in love . 
 the anticipation of the new baby coming brought on all sorts of late night cravings . 
 stosh had the delivery places on his speed dial and i was pretty sure they were on a first name basis . 
 his love for me was so apparent , and the time that we 'd been apart , soon was a lost memory . 
 each day was better than the one before it and i was so grateful for the way things had turned out . 
 ivy 's trial did n't happen until three months after she 'd been arrested . 
 she started in the local county corrections center . 
 my parents had come to us the week before the trial begging me to go see my sister . 
 they said she needed to talk to me before she was sentenced . 
 my now showing belly would reveal my pregnancy . 
 even though i 'd told her i was expecting on that horrible night she 'd tried to kill us , i do n't think it really sank in as being real . 
 stosh and i talked for a long time about me going to see my sister . 
 we owed her nothing , and the last thing i wanted to do was hear her bullshit lies . 
 as the days went by , i started to reconsider . 
 there were things that i 'd been dying to say to her . 
 there were things she deserved to hear out of my mouth . 
 stosh argued with me over it , saying things were better left unsaid . 
 he said i 'd just be stirring the pot and that he did n't feel like giving her another second of our time . 
 without his blessing , i found myself sitting outside the gates to the prison . 
 it was visiting day and the last day to see her before the trial . 
 i 'd asked my parents to wait until my visit was over to come see her . 
 this was between me and my sister . 
 the visitation room was a lot like they portray them on television . 
 large cafeteria type tables were in rows . 
 the prisoner sits on one side while the visitor sits on the other . 
 i showed my i.d. and waited for them to bring her out to see me . 
 it was weird when she came out from behind the door without makeup . 
 i do n't remember seeing my sister like that . 
 even before bed she would apply some makeup . 
 she used to say that it was just in case the house caught fire . 
 she did n't want a cute fireman seeing her without her face on . 
 none of that mattered anymore . 
 she could n't primp around and pick up the new makeup when it came out at the stores . 
 her excitement was over . 
 now she 'd be trading day old fish sticks for cigarettes . 
 it almost made me want to smile . 
 the look on her face was unlike one i was used to . 
 she seemed both shocked and amused that i had showed up . 
 i folded my hands on the table as she walked up . 
 my belly was well hidden and i was saving that surprise for the very end of our visit . 
 she sat down right in front of me . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd come . '' 
 `` i was n't going to . '' 
 i raised one eyebrow and waited for her to respond . 
 i was ready for anything . 
 she played with her hands . 
 `` i thought a lot about what i wanted to say to you . '' 
 `` so spill . 
 i do n't have all day . 
 stosh is taking me out to our favorite restaurant and i promised him i would n't be late . '' 
 i loved rubbing it in that we were together . 
 it was almost as good as leaning over the table and gouging both of her eyes out . 
 `` it must be nice . '' 
 `` oh , it is . 
 everything turned out perfectly . 
 i 've never been so happy . '' 
 she placed her hands flat on the table . 
 `` how 's he doing without legs ? '' 
 `` screw you ! '' 
 i stood up . 
 `` this was a mistake . 
 you are n't worth the time . '' 
 she stared at me , but not my face . 
 i could see the tears forming in her eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong , ivy ? 
 cat got your tongue ? '' 
 she put her hands over her mouth and shook her head . 
 `` i did n't believe it . 
 i thought you were lying . '' 
 `` we kept it from you the whole time , ivy . 
 how does it feel to be lied to ? 
 how does it feel to know that i have everything you 've ever wanted ? '' 
 she shook her head and continued to sob . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i sat back down and got close to her , so nobody else could hear me . 
 `` how does it feel to know you will never have my life ? 
 you will never feel what it 's like to have someone love you and you will never , ever , know what having your own child is like . 
 you reap what you sow , sis . '' 
 i tapped on the table . 
 `` this is where you belong . '' 
 i went to stand up and walk away , but she grabbed my hand . 
 `` will , wait ! '' 
 i pulled away . 
 `` what do you want ? 
 did you think i was going to come here and just forgive you ? 
 you 're insane ! 
 you took everything from me and then tried to end the lives of everyone that ever gave a damn about you . 
 i hope you rot in hell . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i pointed at her . 
 `` you 're so lucky the charges against me and stosh were dropped . '' 
 the day after she was arrested my father made sure that stosh and i were out of trouble for what we 'd done . 
 `` i said i was sorry , '' she repeated . 
 i was so pissed off . 
 `` you 're not sorry , ivy . 
 you did it all on purpose . 
 apologies are for something you did n't mean to happen . 
 you planned all of this . 
 are you happy with yourself ? 
 how does it make you feel to know that stosh and i bought a house together ? 
 we wake up in our bed and make love whenever we want . 
 you think just because he ca n't walk that we ca n't make love ? 
 my name is the only one he says when he sleeps . 
 it 's our baby 's room that he 's helping decorate . 
 i hope you like your little ten - by - ten cell . 
 was that in your plan too ? '' 
 she shook her head and hid her face from me . 
 i had gotten to her in the worst way , without guilt . 
 `` i loved you more than anyone for our whole lives . 
 i would have done anything for you . 
 it 's a shame you did n't feel that way about me . 
 we could have been a family . 
 you could have been an aunt to my children . 
 i really do hope you 're happy with yourself . '' 
 i left my sister sitting at the table in tears . 
 whatever it was she thought she was going to say was n't ever going to be said . 
 i 'd made my peace with it all and it felt damn good . 
 stosh was anxiously waiting for me when i returned home . 
 i walked in the door with a smile on my face . 
 sure , i did feel bad for saying such mean things . 
 i reacted the way i had , because everything was so pent up inside of me . 
 i just needed to get it out , once and for all . 
 he wheeled himself toward the front door . 
 `` how 'd it go ? '' 
 i sat down on his lap and wrapped my arms around his neck . 
 `` i said some things . '' 
 `` what kind of things ? '' 
 `` imagine the worst possible things that you could ever say to ivy , then multiply that by one hundred . '' 
 i wondered if i 'd been too hard on my sister . 
 maybe that was just because i had a heart and she did n't . 
 i wanted to hate her , but somewhere inside of me , i still cared . 
 i hated being mean . 
 `` how did she take it ? '' 
 `` she cried . '' 
 he kissed me softly on the lips . 
 `` do n't tell me you feel guilty now . 
 that bitch deserves whatever is dealt to her . '' 
 i traced his lips with my fingertip . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he popped a wheelie with me on his lap . 
 i screamed and held on tight . 
 `` whoa ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 've been practicing . 
 maybe you can put me on youtube . '' 
 i smacked him on the chest for being silly . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i climbed off and walked over to our open concept kitchen . 
 `` are you hungry , babe ? '' 
 `` are you offering to climb on the countertop and spread your legs ? '' 
 he followed me and cornered me in front of the counter . 
 `` do n't you want to eat a meal ? '' 
 i was n't going to be able to resist him much longer , so i held up a box of pasta . 
 `` we can order something ? 
 we could go out ? '' 
 he grabbed the package out of my hand and sat it behind me . 
 `` i 'm craving one thing . 
 you know what i want . 
 now , get up there and take off your pants . '' 
 `` stoshua wheeler , what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 while i stood there arguing , he started removing my pants . 
 i walked out of them . 
 he grabbed me and pulled me close to him . 
 his kisses started at my belly button and started trailing down one of my hips . 
 i backed away . 
 `` how about we get in the tub ? 
 you know i like riding you in there . 
 you can wash me and do whatever you want . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he stopped reaching for me . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 i nodded and bit down on my lip . 
 `` anything . '' 
 he smiled , but did n't think very long about it . 
 `` i 'll race you there . '' 
 our one story rancher was laid out so he could get around easily . 
 i tried to keep up with him , but his chair kept me from passing . 
 it was a fun game we 'd play and seeing him smile made me realize how happy we were . 
 stosh no longer worried about us breaking up . 
 we were planning our future , a future full of children and hopes and dreams . 
 when we made it to the bathroom , i helped him undress . 
 we took our time removing each article of clothing in between ravenous kisses . 
 i watched him lift his body up and seat himself in the large soaking tub . 
 i ran the water and started to take off the rest of my clothes . 
 he licked his lips in anticipation . 
 `` hurry up , babe . 
 i 've been waiting all day to kiss those sweet lips . '' 
 it gave me chills whenever he talked like that . 
 since his accident , stosh had made it a point to satisfy me more than he 'd ever done before . 
 it was like it was necessary for him to feel like he was still capable of giving me pleasure . 
 i did n't need sex for that , but i did n't argue when he put in the extra initiative , besides he could still become erect with little stimulation . 
 his doctor said that the spinal injury had nothing to do with the nerve stimulation that came from his brain . 
 it was all beyond my reasonable thinking , but my parents said it made sense . 
 after we internet searched , we found that quite a few men were able to have normal sex , and some had even fathered children , even without being able to feel anything during intercourse . 
 i thought about what he 'd just stated . 
 i could n't wait , `` i know you are n't talking about the lips on my face . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 he looked down at my naked sex . 
 `` you know what i want . '' 
 i rubbed myself down there . 
 `` this ? '' 
 he smiled and shook his head . 
 `` it 's not nice to tease someone that ca n't run after you . '' 
 `` do n't worry , babe . 
 i wo n't run . '' 
 i took a step closer to the tub . 
 `` why would i run from something i love so much ? '' 
 `` two more steps and my tongue will having you screaming my name . '' 
 i climbed into the tub and straddled him . 
 `` show me what you got ! '' 
 his upper arm strength increased by the minute and picking me up seemed like it took no effort on his part . 
 my wet body lifted up out of the water . 
 as the brisk air in the room hit my wet body , i felt his tongue flicking my tiny bud . 
 i arched my body as he got into a rhythm . 
 i felt him sucking my entire pu ** y into his mouth . 
 he moaned and sucked harder . 
 i ran my hands through his hair and cried out in pleasure . 
 he pulled away and moved his fingers over my wet lips . 
 then , while looking right at me , he flicked my clit again with his tongue . 
 this time he did it using pressure . 
 while his hands reached up and squeezed my ni ** les , his tongue slapped and punished my tiny bud . 
 i cried out again , this time losing control of my body . 
 stosh held me still and slowly lowered me down into the water . 
 i found his lips and kissed him , teasing him with my tongue . 
 chapter 30 hey hey hey , goodbye ! 
 stosh froze in place and held me still . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 i was immediately alarmed . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 since he was able to get an erection , but not feel anything , i was starting to worry . 
 the first time it happened , we were both in shock . 
 sex was still the same for me , but he could n't feel a thing . 
 just to keep him from feeling bad , we always did other things . 
 `` i can feel pins and needles in my toes . '' 
 i was so happy that i backed away . 
 he gave me a look of disappointment , then focused back on his feet . 
 `` can you really feel something ? '' 
 i reached down and tickled the underneath . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i can feel you touching me . 
 it 's faint , but i can feel the pressure of your touch . '' 
 `` babe , do you know what this means ? '' 
 `` yeah , but we better call the doctor in the morning , just to be sure . '' 
 all of the doctors had told him that if he were to regain feeling , it could take months , but after a year the hope for that happening would dwindle . 
 i was so excited for him . 
 in college , i 'd had a friend that was reaching in her backseat . 
 she hit a corner and flipped her car . 
 after being in the hospital for nine months due to a broken back , she was left with no feeling from the waist down . 
 it took her four months to start feeling something , and six more months before she could start therapy to walk again . 
 even if stosh would be able to walk one day , the road to that victory was going to be long and hard for him . 
 for over an hour , we laid in bed and i continued to tickle his feet . 
 he was so amused by it . 
 i called my dad and told him about what stosh was experiencing . 
 he thought it was a good sign . 
 the next morning we went to the doctors . 
 he poked stosh a zillion times from his feet to his thighs . 
 when we left , we had hope that one day he would be able to walk again , after a lot of physical therapy . 
 both of our parents came over to celebrate the good news . 
 stosh 's parents did all of the cooking , while we talked about the baby and plans for the nursery . 
 after much thought , we decided to keep the sex a secret . 
 okay , it was stosh 's request and i just wanted to make him happy . 
 truth be told , i did n't care what i had , as long as he or she was healthy . 
 i 'd been through so much stress , and yet , we were still perfectly healthy . 
 maybe god was rewarding us for getting through the biggest test of our lives . 
 whatever the case , we were so thankful . 
 my sister 's trial started on a tuesday . 
 i told myself i was n't going to attend , but we were subpoenaed and all had to be there . 
 she looked even worse than when i had visited her . 
 my mother took it harder than my father . 
 she burst into tears when they brought her into the room . 
 it did n't help that she was handcuffed . 
 after two days , my sister was sentenced to eight years in jail . 
 we knew that meant that she would probably get out in only four . 
 i was glad she was going to be put away , but afraid for what was going to happen when she got out . 
 the judge ordered her to have another mental health evaluation . 
 she was ordered to spend the first six months in a facility , instead of a normal jail . 
 i did n't care where she was locked up , as long as she could n't get out . 
 stosh and i had discussed our future plans for when my sister did get out of prison . 
 our child would be four and we knew that protecting them was our main concern . 
 my parents agreed with our concern . 
 they bought a cabin about three hours from our small town . 
 they pulled out cash to make the purchase and had the deed put in a fake name . 
 sure , it was illegal , but they wanted us to be safe . 
 it was also a shame that such extreme measures had to be taken , but we all knew what my sister was capable of . 
 if ivy could retaliate , she was going to . 
 we were n't sure how long we 'd have to live in the cabin , so we spent our weekends fixing it up . 
 i think after the first weekend we fell in love with the place . 
 it was in the woods , on a mountain . 
 the cabin had three bedrooms that were upstairs and the rest of the house was an open floor plan . 
 i imagine that it was built for hunters . 
 when we were done making modifications , it was a cozy home for a little family . 
 of course , we turned the little study area into a downstairs bedroom , just in case stosh could n't make it up the steps every night . 
 i was willing to sacrifice anything , as long as we were together . 
 my parents never stopped showering me and stosh with gifts . 
 i begged them many times to stop trying so hard , even when i knew it was n't going to change anything . 
 for the months leading up to the birth of our baby , they visited my sister on weekends . 
 i hated hearing about how sorry she was , so stosh asked my parents to keep it to themselves . 
 i understood why they longed to have their little girl back , except unlike them , i knew it was just a whole new pack of lies . 
 our little house was perfect for us . 
 stosh started using crutches to get around . 
 the more he struggled , the better he did at succeeding . 
 he stopped complaining about being disabled , which was good for me , considering i was getting ready to pop out a very needy little human . 
 we 'd talked about names , but were still so undecided . 
 we knew that we were going to name the baby , if it was a boy , marcus michael . 
 the girl names were a little more tricky . 
 stosh liked unique names , where i was more into the traditional kind . 
 i was convinced that if it was a girl we 'd just call her little princess , since we could n't agree on anything else . 
 the days before i went into labor were filled will chaos . 
 my mother arranged for my college friends to come to town for a surprise shower . 
 our little rancher was filled with so many people that one could hardly get around . 
 we 'd already bought so much for the baby , so naturally the child had everything you could think of after the party . 
 i was so grateful , considering that for a while i thought that i 'd no longer have a family or anyone to lean on . 
 love had changed everything for me . 
 i had been right to follow my heart , because it led me exactly where i needed to be . 
 destiny faith was born on a sunday morning , bright and early . 
 stosh came up with the name one night while talking to my belly , like he frequently did . 
 we fell in love with her before we ever met her , but once she came out , and we saw what our love created , we realized there was no feeling like it . 
 we were a family , finally after being kept apart for so long . 
 it 's amazing how destiny played part in our story . 
 that 's why he wanted her to have that name . 
 he said all we needed was a little faith . 
 stosh took his first steps , without crutches , when destiny was only three months old . 
 we called it a miracle , while my doctor parents said it was just his body healing itself . 
 whatever the case , he was on his way to a full recovery . 
 while stosh worked during the day and went to physical therapy in the evenings , i started a web design business out of our house . 
 there was no way i was going to leave my little princess , so i took my degree and started something that i could do while taking care of her and my family . 
 it was still going slow , but at least i put my degree to use . 
 when destiny got older i could branch out and do other things . 
 stosh was n't in a hurry for me to get back out there . 
 if he had it his way , i 'd wear dresses and have dinner on the table at five every evening . 
 he loved me staying home with him . 
 on the day that he 'd been legally separated for a year , stosh filed for divorce . 
 that following saturday my parents took the papers to my sister to sign . 
 they said she did n't hesitate . 
 two months later , we were at the courthouse making things official . 
 for us , it was just a piece of paper , but it was more when it came to our daughter . 
 it 's funny , looking back , i 'd never saw a way for us to be together and be accepted by both of our families , but it was happening . 
 my sister was where she belonged . 
 one could only hope that she 'd mess up and not be granted an early release . 
 my life was too perfect to have to worry about her . 
 some nights it still hurt , though . 
 i 'd had so many memories of us as little girls . 
 i do n't know when that exact moment happened where love turned to resentment . 
 it did n't even matter . 
 i had beautiful memories of me and my twin sister . 
 there was a time when we were like one person . 
 i 'd never forget that , even after the hell she put us through . 
 somewhere in that messed up mind was that little girl that sang songs with me , braided my hair and cuddled under the covers with me during a thunderstorm . 
 i often wondered if she thought about those moments . 
 had she forgotten that special bond that only we could have shared ? 
 did she forget that we were always supposed to be best friends ? 
 as much as i hated her , my heart would n't let me forget that i still loved that part of ivy . 
 she 'd always be my sister and share my face . 
 it 's just a shame she did n't share my heart . 
 things would have been so different if she had . 
 at the end of the day , my life was where it was always supposed to be . 
 i was stosh 's wife and we had a beautiful daughter . 
 if everything happens for a reason , like i 've always believed , i guess karma played a part in everything . 
 just looking at my little girl proved that . 
 she was our world and we 'd spend our whole lives keeping her safe . 
 epilogue 2 years later the alarm had n't gone off yet , but we felt someone climbing into bed with us . 
 ever since we 'd gotten her that big girl bed , our little two year old thought it was fun to wake us up as soon as she saw daylight . 
 as i rubbed my eyes and contemplated looking at the alarm clock , i 'd made the decision that i was going to put cardboard on her windows to fool her into thinking it was always nighttime in her room . 
 her little smile was up in my face as i opened my eyes . 
 `` mommy , yook ! '' 
 she pointed her finger . 
 `` i got boo boo . '' 
 `` show daddy . '' 
 stosh rolled over and smiled . 
 `` hi , sunshine . '' 
 i climbed out of bed and headed to the bathroom . 
 there was no use trying to go back to sleep . 
 destiny would have our house burned down if we ignored her . 
 she was into everything . 
 when i came out of the shower , she was completely naked , standing in the bathroom . 
 `` wipe my butt . '' 
 with my body as clean as a whistle , i walked over and wiped the poop from my daughter 's butt . 
 i had to be thankful she was already potty trained . 
 it helped that we were home with her so much . 
 stosh came into the bathroom like he had timed it perfectly . 
 i rolled my eyes as he pulled me into his arms . 
 `` are you ready for today ? '' 
 for the past two years , my parents had been begging me to go see my sister . 
 i declined every one of their invites , until stosh finally suggested that i get it over and done with so it would stop being so annoying . 
 after stewing on his idea for nearly a month , i 'd decided to appease them . 
 stosh 's parents were going to watch des so we did n't have to worry about her . 
 `` i guess . 
 i mean , i really do n't want to see her . 
 i have nothing to say . '' 
 `` according to your parents , she has something to say . '' 
 i walked away and started getting my clothes on , since i was still in a towel . 
 `` i do n't even care . '' 
 he started brushing his teeth while des brushed hers . 
 once he finally spit and rinsed , he leaned against the counter . 
 `` yes , you do . 
 somewhere inside that sexy body of yours , there 's this curious part of you that wants to know . '' 
 i shoved him . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 the doorbell rang and stosh grabbed our daughter off the counter . 
 `` grandma 's here ! '' 
 he whisked her away while i was still getting on some shorts . 
 by the time i was decent , they were all ready to head out the door . 
 we kissed them and waved as they got her situated in her car seat . 
 once stosh closed the door , i could tell he was in one of his moods . 
 he rubbed his hands together . 
 `` i hate what you 're wearing . '' 
 he grabbed me by the hand and pulled me back to our bedroom . 
 once inside , he started taking off my clothes . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` it 's been two days . 
 i have needs . '' 
 he dropped his shorts and stood there at full attention . 
 i smiled and reached up to kiss him , but he pulled away and pointed toward the bed . 
 `` you 're bossy ! '' 
 he smacked my ass and followed me to the bed . 
 `` i 'm horny ! '' 
 i climbed up and turned around , just as he was climbing on top of me . 
 i kissed him softly on the lips , letting my tongue make contact with his , before pulling away . 
 `` hi , horny , i 'm pregnant . '' 
 our kissing halted as i watched the biggest smile come over stosh 's face . 
 he pushed the hair away from my forehead and kissed me on my nose . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i shrugged and smiled . 
 `` we were trying . '' 
 `` we just started , though . 
 i must have genetically altered super sperm . '' 
 i wrapped my legs around his back . 
 `` shut up and tell me how happy you are . '' 
 he grabbed my legs , sat up and put them on each of his shoulders , before slowly entering me with his length . 
 i gasped at first , shocked he did it without warning . 
 he scrunched up his face and got a good pace going . 
 `` you know i 'm happy . '' 
 my one leg started to fall . 
 `` hold your feet with your hands . 
 i 'm going to show you just how happy i am . '' 
 this was n't my idea of expressing happiness , but it sure felt good . 
 even , after all the time that had gone by , i think stosh still appreciated what he could do when he used his lower body . 
 not having it , makes people appreciate what they do have . 
 our bodies moved in unison , like they always did . 
 he kissed me deeply , letting me know i belonged to him in body and mind . 
 my hands caressed every muscle on his chest , which was more defined then when we were first together . 
 after his physical therapy ended , he continued to work out at the gym . 
 he thought if he did n't use it , he would lose it . 
 i ran my fingers down his biceps and admired our daughters name written in script . 
 she was his world and i could n't wait to share our news with her . 
 he thrust himself harder and harder , slapping our skin together each time . 
 he played with my br ** sts , pinching my ni ** les and rubbing them with the palms of his course hands . 
 he loved watching it go in and out of me and i loved watching him doing it . 
 i arched my body , feeling the intense friction making me hot in all the right places . 
 my breath increased and he slammed into me one last time before tightening up his body . 
 we both cried out , climaxing together , then collapsing on the bed , drenched in our own sweat . 
 he grabbed my hand , while i was still trying to breathe normally , and kissed it slowly . 
 `` thanks , babe . 
 i needed that . '' 
 i wiped the sweat off of one of his cheeks . 
 `` me too ! 
 are you ready to get dressed and get this over with ? '' 
 he sprung off of the bed and started pulling up his shorts . 
 i followed suit and was soon heading back into the bathroom to freshen up enough to be presentable . 
 twenty minutes later , we were on the road , headed to the women 's prison , where my sister was being held . 
 my palms were sweaty and i did n't say much during the car ride . 
 stosh knew i was freaking out . 
 he also knew it was best to let me handle it on my own . 
 i was a loose cannon when it came to dealing with anxiety . 
 after going through the necessary security measures , we were sitting at the long table waiting for her to be brought in . 
 stosh reached for my hand under the table and winked when he saw i was secretly freaking out . 
 i knew he was there for me , but it did n't make it easier . 
 the animosity that i felt towards my sister could n't be cured with apologies . 
 if i was ever going to forgive her , it would be after i took a long time for my heart to heal . 
 i had n't seen her in so long that i was shocked when she came walking through the door . 
 my eyes must have explained my reaction , because she looked down like i 'd broken her heart . 
 honestly , i did n't know how to feel . 
 i wanted to hate her . 
 i did hate her , but at the same time , she was still my sister . 
 ivy sat down in front of us . 
 she folded her hands and smiled at stosh and then gave me all of her attention . 
 `` hi , sis . '' 
 i squeezed stosh 's hand under the table . 
 `` hello , ivy . '' 
 she fidgeted in her seat . 
 `` thanks for coming . 
 i did n't think it was going to happen . '' 
 i looked right into her eyes . 
 `` what do you want , ivy ? '' 
 i caught her looking at my wedding rings and then stosh 's . 
 she turned her attention to him . 
 `` it 's weird seeing you with that on . 
 i used to have to fight with you to get you to wear it . '' 
 i cocked my eyebrow . 
 `` he never takes it off . 
 now , explain why we 're here , because we have a daughter to take care of . '' 
 she looked like she was in pain . 
 `` you only have her because of what i did . 
 ca n't you appreciate that something good came out of it ? '' 
 i stood up , letting go of my husband 's hand . 
 `` do n't you dare say that ! 
 whether or not you planned for things to happen , she was made out of love . 
 stosh made love to me on that boat and you know it . '' 
 i grabbed him by the arm and started to pull him away from the table . 
 `` wait ! 
 please ! '' 
 she shook her head and covered her face with her hands . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 please do n't go . 
 it 's so lonely here . 
 all i do is read and sit by myself . 
 nobody wants to be friends in here , and the ones that do , are too crazy to communicate with . 
 do n't you miss the way things used to be ? 
 do n't you miss how it was when we were kids ? '' 
 i sat back down , but kept my legs on the outside of the table , so it was easier to get up and walk away . 
 stosh stood behind me , with his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` i do miss it , but everything changed when you started deceiving me . '' 
 she looked at both of us . 
 `` look at you two now , though . 
 you 're together . 
 will we ever be able to get past all of this ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , ivy . 
 too much has happened . 
 you tried to kill us . 
 no matter how much i miss the old you , i can never trust the one that 's looking at me , right now . 
 trust is earned and all you 've done is stab me in the back . '' 
 i looked up at stosh . 
 `` we 're happy , ivy , but we would have been happy , had you not kept us apart in high school . 
 you seem to be forgetting that this was n't just about what landed you in jail . 
 for years , you 'd been planning to destroy my life . 
 yes , it worked out in the end , but that also includes you being locked up . '' 
 she started to cry . 
 `` i wo n't be in here forever . 
 do you think one day i 'll get to meet my niece . '' 
 i felt nauseous . 
 `` i do n't think that 's possible , '' stosh spoke up . 
 `` i do n't want you near my kids or my wife . 
 if we have to leave the country , we will . '' 
 she just sat there , like we 'd shattered her soul . 
 i stood up and reached over , grabbing her hand . 
 `` i hope you get better , ivy . 
 i wish things were different . 
 you could have been an amazing aunt . 
 we could have grown old together . 
 this is n't how i would of wanted to say goodbye to you . '' 
 when we walked out of there , she was crying . 
 i held my head high , until we got to the car and then i lost it . 
 stosh held me and kissed me on top of my head , but never said anything . 
 he knew i had to get it all out . 
 finally , after about fifteen minutes of bawling my eyes out , i wiped my eyes and leaned on his shoulder . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` you do n't have anything to apologize for . '' 
 `` why do i feel so guilty ? '' 
 he wiped away another set of tears that were falling down my face . 
 `` because you 're a beautiful person . 
 you 're sister made her own decisions . '' 
 `` stosh , she 's not going to stop trying to get to us . 
 hurting her is going to cost us . '' 
 he leaned over and kissed me . 
 `` she 's never going to be able to touch us . 
 i 'd die before i ever let her hurt us again . 
 besides , maybe she 's learned her lesson . '' 
 i felt content with his words , because , for the time being , we were safe . 
 we had years before we had to worry about ivy . 
 it was plenty of time for us to be prepared . 
 `` let 's go home . '' 
 he kissed me one more time before pulling out of the parking lot . 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask . '' 
 the end ! 
