 chapter 1 peyton i was applying makeup when i felt hands touching my shoulders . 
 a tingling sensation ran from my arms to my fingertips every single time the man had ever touched me there . 
 in fact , i got hot and bothered in other places whenever he touched me anywhere . 
 i do n't know what it was about him , other than secretly maybe i 'd wanted the guy for a lot longer than i cared to admit . 
 `` come on , baby . 
 do n't make me go to your brother 's house . 
 you know he does n't like me , and i 'm not in the mood to pretend we 're cool . '' 
 my boyfriend jamey and my brother shayne were constantly having words . 
 i suppose it was n't anything new since we 'd been dating for over a year . 
 `` everyone is goin ' to be there , even joey and lacey . 
 please do n't do this again . 
 you 're always the only one that does n't show up and my parents wo n't get off my back about it . '' 
 it was true . 
 my mom and dad were on my case every day about being with jamey . 
 it all really came down to my cousin ford , who was also jamey 's cousin on the other side of ford 's family . 
 we lived in a hick-town in maryland , everyone knew everyone 's business . 
 for that matter , jamey 's mother was the owner and operator of a local diner that everyone went to . 
 since we 'd all grown up attending family parties , we were assumed to be related . 
 then we started dating . 
 dirty looks were a common thing for us , not to mention having to explain how we were n't related more times than we could count . 
 for the record , growing up i always liked jamey billings , but he was a player , who thought he was god 's greatest gift to women . 
 he was a year older than me , and as a teen i watched him whoring around with any girl that would give him the time of day . 
 when we first started dating , after he 'd asked me out a dozen times , we kept our relationship a secret . 
 he was so handsome , and i suppose that in some ways i 'd always wanted to know what it would be like to have a relationship with someone as hot as he was . 
 jamey 's problem was that he knew it . 
 he worked at it , going to the gym , spending his money on nice clothes , and making sure his hair was always perfect . 
 i swear , sometimes he used more hairspray than i did , not that i was complaining . 
 the end result made me weak in the knees . 
 `` i do n't give a shit what your parents think about me , pey . 
 you should know that by now . 
 besides , i promised my buddies that we 'd go four-wheeling the day after a good rain . 
 do you see how muddy it is out there ? 
 it 's damn near perfect . 
 i ai n't passin ' the opportunity for that shit to go to some lame ass cookout with a bunch of married people . '' 
 i looked him right in the eyes , peering into his idiotic soul . 
 `` they are n't all married . 
 your brother is n't married , jamey . '' 
 `` my brother is so f ** kin ' married that lacey probably wears his balls around her damn neck . 
 do n't even try to tell me different . 
 she says jump and he asks her how high . 
 i 've seen it with my own eyes . 
 he 's pu ** y whipped , which is something his ass swore he 'd never be . 
 i 'll be damned if i ever let that happen to me . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 not because i wanted him to be wrapped around my finger , but because i wanted some sense of stability in our relationship . 
 as far as serious went , sleeping in the same bed at night with jamey was as good as it got . 
 we did n't say the traditional three words that other people said to each other at night , or when we went off to work . 
 jamey was just , well he was jamey ; a one of a kind badass that would n't allow himself to admit that he was tied down to anything , especially a female . 
 `` i 'm askin ' you for one day . 
 it 's for a couple hours . 
 ca n't you just come to the cookout and then go out with your friends later ? '' 
 `` i already messaged them , baby . 
 they 're pickin ' me up with the trailer in an hour . '' 
 he kissed my forehead , as if to tell me that our conversation was over . 
 `` i 'll see you when i get home . '' 
 heartbroken , i decided to take to smart route out , instead of getting into a knock down drag out fight with my boyfriend . 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 jamey looked into the mirror and adjusted a piece of hair on the top of his head . 
 `` you know , for someone that wants to sleep at my house every night , you sure give me enough shit . 
 you need to learn to walk away , before i replace you . '' 
 his cocky comment may have been a joke , i could never tell the difference , but it did n't rub me the right way . 
 the peace between us had severed , and little did he know that i was a match that was about to ignite . 
 i shoved him away from the mirror . 
 he fell back on the bed and started to get up . 
 with half of the makeup on one side of my face i felt the warm rush of tears running down my cheeks . 
 he did n't understand that i wanted him to only want me . 
 he did n't get that every second he spent away from me made me feel like he was doing things behind my back , with other women . 
 this was n't new ground for us . 
 we fought all of the time . 
 `` do n't threaten me , jamey . '' 
 he laughed , pissing me off more . 
 `` i can do whatever i want . '' 
 over enunciation of his words made the sarcasm leave a bad taste in my mouth . 
 `` you 're not my mother . '' 
 i climbed on top of him without struggle . 
 jamey got off on me becoming angry with him . 
 i swear sometimes he picked a fight just to get me into his bed , the backseat of his car , or wherever we were for that matter . 
 `` do n't treat me like i mean nothin ' to you , jamey . '' 
 i straddled his body with my own , waiting for him to reply . 
 the shit-eating grin across his face was about to be slapped off if it did n't fade away . 
 his next snarky comment was the last straw for my tolerance . 
 `` like i said before . 
 i do what i want . 
 get over it , or get the f ** k out . '' 
 i went to smack him , so hurt and distraught that he could play games with my emotions that easily . 
 he caught my hand before it made contact , and laughed harder . 
 i hated that he knew me so well . 
 `` fuck you . 
 you say that , but i 'm still here , lyin ' in your bed at night . 
 do n't play head games with me , jamey . 
 it 's not goin ' to work in your favor this time . '' 
 jamey pinned both of my hands at my sides . 
 i turned away , unable to look into those light brown eyes and not think about where i was sitting , or that beneath me was probably his growing stiff cock . 
 `` you 're here because we both like to f ** k . 
 we 're friends , and you belong to me . 
 those are the rules and you know it . 
 you only complain when you do n't get your way . 
 ai n't no woman goin ' to tell me what to do . 
 you got that ? 
 i will go where i want . 
 i will talk to who i want , and i will f ** k - . '' 
 i could n't let him finish . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not right and you know it . 
 it 's just me or i 'm out of here . '' 
 he let go of my hands and cocked a half-smile across his lips . 
 `` i know just what to say to get you all worked up , do n't i ? '' 
 his hand brushed over one of my br ** sts and i turned my head away from his gaze . 
 `` are you pissed ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm pissed . 
 why do you say things that hurt me ? 
 all i wanted was for you to come to the cookout with me , eat a meal with me , and be by my side . 
 you turned it into this ; sayin ' you can f ** k who you want . 
 you 're right , jamey . 
 i suppose you can . 
 i guess that if you wanted to you could tell me to go to hell and have someone in your bed by the end of the night . 
 if that 's what you want than obviously i ca n't stop you , but i can at least leave with my dignity . 
 do n't treat me like a pet . 
 i 'm either your girlfriend , or i 'm nothin ' at all . '' 
 for once i was standing up for myself . 
 he was n't going to belittle me , not this time . 
 jamey flipped us around so that he was on top of me on the bed . 
 he stared into my eyes and wiped off my tears . 
 `` are you afraid of losin ' me , pey ? '' 
 i felt his hand reach between my legs and cupped my pu ** y over the fabric of my jean shorts . 
 `` you think i 'd give up this perfect pu ** y so easily ? 
 you 're in my bed , because i want you there . 
 just because i do n't make promises do n't mean i do n't want you . 
 baby , there ai n't no woman around that makes my dick as hard as you do . '' 
 i wanted to roll my eyes , to cringe at his choice of words , but instead could only comprehend the part where he was telling me that i was the best . 
 it was little compliments hidden in his rough persona that drew me in . 
 i felt that familiar tingle happening between my legs where his hand still sat . 
 `` are you hard now ? '' 
 i moved my body ever so gently to get a rouse out of him . 
 he moved his hand away , sat up straight and grabbed mine , rubbing it over the lump in his pants . 
 `` you know the answer . 
 what are you goin ' to do about it ? '' 
 i know , i should have shoved him off the bed and left , but i could n't . 
 i was so desperate to hold onto anything that i gave into temptation every single time . 
 i bit down on my lip and silently pictured all of the things he was going to do to me instead . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he began to unfasten my shorts , and climb off the bed . 
 i watched his shirt coming over the top of his head . 
 i knew damn well what he was going to do , and i was willing to let him do it , because every second he spent inside of me was like heaven . 
 `` do n't play stupid . 
 take off your shorts and spread . 
 you get me so f ** kin ' worked up when you 're whinin ' . 
 i need release , and you 're goin ' to give it to me good . '' 
 he was right , for once . 
 i stood up on the bed and let my shorts fall . 
 standing there over him made me feel empowered , sexy even . 
 i lifted my shirt over my head and unfastened my bra . 
 left in only a pair of panties , i crossed my legs and watched my boyfriend dropping his drawers to the floor . 
 he saw my panties and tugged me forward by them . 
 `` why are these still on ? '' 
 i touched the sides of his hair , instead of the top . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was hear him complain that i 'd messed up his masterpiece . 
 `` because i like it when you have to work for it . 
 i 'm not easy . '' 
 he took his fingers into the elastic on either side of my hips and pulled them down to my knees , roughly . 
 unexpectedly , he kissed me straight on my pu ** y , letting his lips linger over my folds as he spoke . 
 `` tell me how hot i make you , pey . '' 
 i held onto his ears and let my head fall back , knowing he was right there , so close to bringing me to ecstasy . 
 `` baby , you make me crazy . '' 
 all of my anxiousness about the cookout was erased the moment his tongue came out and licked my most sensitive area . 
 i tried my best to stand still , but my knees began to shake as his tongue flicked over my clit . 
 he sucked it into his mouth and pulled away to watch my body responding to his sensual touch . 
 when he came in for another taste my knees buckled and i fell down onto the bed . 
 jamey laughed and climbed overtop of me . 
 his body lingered there , steady , and ready to please me . 
 i wrapped my legs around his back and pulled him against my skin . 
 feeling the warmth of his body , the stiff erection pressing against my eager sex made me only want it to happen immediately . 
 he reached down and teased my opening . 
 his lips coursed over mine as he spoke . 
 `` you keep comin ' back for this , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i moaned . 
 the truth was that it was n't just the sex with jamey or the fact that he made me completely crazy . 
 i was in love with him , totally and utterly in love with him . 
 the problem was that jamey was incapable of love , and that may as well have been the biggest deal breaker of them all . 
 knowing that this was just temporary was impossible for me to come to grips with . 
 i 'd never felt this way before about any man , yet knowing he did n't return those feelings hurt like a dagger driving straight into my heart . 
 i was broken , and the only way to fix it was being with him , over and over again , as if it fixed what was broken . 
 as he entered me my heart broke again , knowing that this was all we had , and that i was settling instead of being strong enough to walk away . 
 chapter 2 jamey she knew what i wanted , and was always able and willing to give it to me . 
 that 's the reason that i kept her around . 
 besides , i did n't like the idea of sharing something that was mine . 
 peyton was sexy in every way . 
 from her thick thighs to that perfectly supple ass , she had me at hello . 
 she thought i 'd never noticed her when we were younger , but the truth was that i 'd fantasized about being inside of that for a long damn time . 
 i enjoyed coming home and knowing she was lying naked beside me . 
 it was convenient and i usually did n't complain . 
 what rubbed me the wrong way was the fact that we 'd started this little thing between us with our eyes open . 
 i 'd been clear to her that we were n't going to get serious . 
 a year later she was expecting things i was n't capable of . 
 as much as i wanted to tell her to get out of my house , i could n't give up the good pu ** y , not without regret . 
 sure , peyton and i were n't just about sex . 
 we were friends long before , well somewhat . 
 we shared friends , which made seeing each other a frequent thing . 
 our small town only provided us with so many places to go , or clicks to be a part of . 
 since working at the diner for my mother i 'd met everyone that came through the door , which happened to be everyone from town . 
 once in a while a stray chick would come by on her way to the beach , and i was the first face she saw when she walked through that door . 
 i suppose that my problems started when my douche brother decided to throw in the bachelor towel and get tied down to a woman . 
 sure , she was sexy as all hell , and i did n't blame him for wanting to hit it . 
 i just could n't fathom how any woman could be good enough to never want anything else again . 
 i may be content with peyton , but that did n't mean i was n't paying close attention to what else was out there . 
 my problems were n't just with my brother . 
 peyton 's brother shayne , unlike her twin brother parker , was always up in my shit . 
 his threats were getting on my last nerve , so i refused to be around him . 
 most of that was peyton 's fault anyway . 
 every time she did n't get her way with me , she 'd run to him crying about what we were fighting about . 
 he was in our business way too much , and that did n't set right with me . 
 i took myself out of the equation , knowing she 'd still end up back in my bed at night . 
 for the past year or so it had become expected . 
 i was used to her , and as much as i could tell she longed for more , she stuck around because apparently i was just that good . 
 this time was no different . 
 she 'd started on me about seeing the family and we 'd ended up naked in bed . 
 the more pissed she made me the more turned on i got . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i liked to fight with her . 
 i enjoyed seeing her face turn red , and even the fact that i could make her emotional at the drop of a hat . 
 i had her right where i wanted her , giving me the upper hand . 
 as long as i stayed in control of the situation we did n't have to put labels on things . 
 it was n't like i was a dick all the time . 
 i bought her things and took her places a lot actually , when it was just us , and we were n't fighting about stupid shit , i actually enjoyed her company . 
 peyton made me work during sex , in which i liked the challenge . 
 being with her was like being with someone new once a week . 
 she was always changing things up , causing me to stay interested . 
 sometimes she was desperate and it showed . 
 this day had been a perfect example of that . 
 she knew if she could get me to this point i 'd crumble and change my mind . 
 she was wrong . 
 i thrust my body into hers , feeling those legs wrapped around my back . 
 my nails dug into the plump skin of her ass and i lifted her off the mattress . 
 with her halfway in the air , and me on my knees i got into a good pace . 
 peyton flicked her own ni ** les as i watched . 
 `` lick them , baby . 
 show me how you do it . '' 
 she pushed her tit up and licked over the tips of her nipple . 
 i closed my eyes for a second , trying to focus on anything but my release . 
 she bit down on that puffy lip and moaned before doing it again . 
 `` lick it with me . 
 come closer . '' 
 i slowed my pace , dropping her ass back on the bed and bringing my lips up to her nipple . 
 as my tongue brushed over it i felt her tongue traipsing over mine . 
 this time i was the one moaning as we repeated the process . 
 `` my sexy girl , '' was all i could grumble as i kissed her lips . 
 her tongue fought with mine enough to trigger that ache between my legs . 
 forcefully i filled her , stiffening my own body as she cried out and held me close . 
 our eyes met a few seconds later and i saw that spark in hers . 
 she was content and it was the perfect time for me to leave with my friends without another confrontation . 
 for the moment she was satisfied . 
 she would n't call or text me every half hour asking stupid questions , like when i was coming home , or if there were any chicks there . 
 the redundancy was getting on my last nerve , and i knew that i would n't be able to take it much longer without addressing the situation . 
 i separated our bodies and climbed off the bed , tossing her a towel off the floor to clean up with . 
 without looking back at her i redressed . 
 before i grabbed my cell phone off the bedside table i leaned over and kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` i 'll see you tonight . 
 do n't forget that i 've got to help my mom in the mornin ' , so if you end up stayin ' late at your brother 's house i 'll probably just shower and go to bed . 
 wake me up when you get home . '' 
 i walked out of the room when i saw those blue puppy-dog eyes looking back at me . 
 i could n't look at them and not want to climb back into that bed . 
 my mother was downstairs on her way out the door . 
 her hair was still wet from a shower . 
 `` do n't forget tomorrow . '' 
 `` i wo n't , mom . 
 i 've worked sundays since i was in diapers . '' 
 `` do n't be flip . 
 i know how you are . 
 one minute you say you 'll be there and the next you 're callin ' from the beach sayin ' you ai n't comin ' home for days . '' 
 `` i have n't done that in a long time . '' 
 i grabbed a couple bottles of water out of the refrigerator and stuck them in a grocery bag as i spoke . 
 `` besides , you 've hired a ton of new people to help out since joey quit . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` do n't remind me . 
 none of them are half as good as your brother was . 
 pretty soon i 'm going to have to put you in the back to cook . '' 
 i gave her a handsome look . 
 `` you ca n't hide me in the back . 
 i bring in the ladies and you know it . '' 
 my mother smacked me on the arm as we both walked out to our cars . 
 `` you 've got a nice girl upstairs in your bedroom . 
 do n't talk like that in front of me , boy . 
 you know better . 
 in fact , if you feel the need to act like that than maybe you should n't have a girl livin ' in our house . 
 i like peyton . 
 i 've known her since she was born , but that do n't make it right . 
 i 'm not wantin ' to hear anymore shit from her daddy because she 's stayin ' at our house . 
 i gave him my word that you 'd be good to her . 
 you think i do n't hear her cryin ' ? '' 
 crying ? 
 `` what are you talkin ' about ? '' 
 i played dumb , knowing damn well she was probably crying when i went out without her . 
 `` jamey , do you think i 'm stupid ? 
 i 've raised two hard-headed boys . 
 that girl is crazy about you . 
 treat her right or let her go . 
 the relationship between you two has caused me enough grief . 
 i should have never let you move her in here in the first place . '' 
 my friends pulled up in a big pickup truck that was pulling a trailer full of four-wheelers . 
 `` i 've got ta go . 
 peyton 's fine , mom . 
 she 's just being a chick . 
 i 'll see you in the mornin ' . '' 
 my mother climbed into her car after calling me a name . 
 i gave her a hard time like every other woman in my life . 
 sure , i was cocky . 
 i knew i was . 
 that did n't mean i had to change to get what i wanted . 
 i knew how to play my mother even better than i could mess with peyton . 
 women were easy to read , and even easier to control . 
 once we got the four-wheelers loaded onto the trailer i climbed into the crew cab and was shocked with the person sitting next to me . 
 her name was angie . 
 she was my friend , turk 's cousin from new jersey , and i had n't seen her since we 'd hooked up , right before i started seeing peyton . 
 her smile welcomed me , and i could n't help but smile back . 
 it brought me back to the weekend we 'd spent together at the beach . 
 `` long time no see , '' i said as we started to pull away from my house . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she licked her glossy lips . 
 `` it has been . 
 you look good , jamey . '' 
 `` you too . '' 
 i could n't lie . 
 two years had changed her for the better . 
 i looked away and saw peyton walking out to her car . 
 my jaw clenched as i thought about her finding out that i was spending the day with someone i 'd been with . 
 she 'd be pissed . 
 hell , she might even leave . 
 for the first time in a long time it made me rethink going to the cookout with her . 
 the further we got away from the house , the better i felt about my decision . 
 what peyton did n't know would n't hurt her . 
 it was n't like i was going to nail this chick next to me . 
 my dick was spent for the time being , and she 'd come home and give it to me again if i asked . 
 it was still going to be a long and very hard day . 
 chapter 3 peyton i watched jamey out the window speaking to his mother . 
 from inside i could hear his flip comments . 
 it hurt me so much . 
 i knew i needed to be strong and hold my ground , but somehow i could n't come up with the strength to do it . 
 yes , jamey was cocky and he did n't always treat me respectfully , but with the bad there was still good in him . 
 i clung to the hope that one day he 'd realize how much he meant to me , and that i 'd do anything to be with him forever . 
 i did n't bother putting on my makeup , knowing that i 'd cried off whatever i had on . 
 my family were used to seeing me without it anyway . 
 if they gave me a hard time i still had enough things at shayne 's house to reapply . 
 even though i stayed at jamey 's house , i was n't technically moved in with him . 
 most of my things were still at my brothers . 
 i kept them there for two reasons . 
 need be , if our fights got too bad i could go there and feel like i was n't without my things . 
 the other was that if we were to break up i 'd have a place to live . 
 i sort of felt like if i took everything out of the house then shayne would make it a playroom and i 'd lose my resource . 
 thanks to my brother , and his new wife , ashley , i had a job . 
 the pay was n't great , but it was n't like i had bills . 
 my dad had paid cash for my car , and the insurance was still under his and my moms . 
 my only bill was a cellphone and two credit cards for department stores . 
 i made enough for all three of those in one week . 
 unlike what my family assumed , i was saving as much as i could in an account . 
 i did n't always want to rely on my brother , but i was only turning twenty , so i figured i had time to figure out what i wanted to do . 
 my dad , who i never got along with , was too caught up with my brother parker to worry about me anyway . 
 he spent most of his days gaining gray hairs over the mess my brothers had made . 
 shayne raising parker 's twins was n't just hard on my parents . 
 shayne had taken the brutal blow of almost losing them because of parker . 
 we 'd turned our backs on him because he would n't give up hope of having a future with ashley . 
 their marriage seemed to heal a lot of damaged people . 
 my parents came around and finally really accepted her as being a permanent part of the family , and shayne had never been happier . 
 plus , he had the twins , which were the light of his life . 
 parker , on the other hand , had stayed away as if we all had the plague . 
 he could n't come to grips with the fact that ashley had given birth to twins after a one-night stand they shared together . 
 after ashley 's aneurism her memories became distorted . 
 she remembered most things , but little details still escaped her sometimes . 
 i got used to it , being around her everyday while my brother worked . 
 helping her take care of the twins felt so natural after doing it for so long . 
 to be honest i think they just kept me around because i was family . 
 ashley was fully capable of doing everything they needed , except for when she had doctor 's appointments . 
 the twins kept me busy enough to not dwell on my relationship with jamey , or lack there of . 
 i focused on them throughout the day , and went home to deal with him at night . 
 there was nothing more upsetting than pulling up at my brother 's house without jamey , again . 
 i spotted lacey and joey out in the back yard . 
 she waved when she saw me pull up . 
 i rolled my eyes and looked at the empty seat next to me . 
 jamey was out somewhere with his friends , probably not thinking about me at all . 
 i was so sick of everyone , including lacey , telling me that he was no good for me . 
 i knew how he was , but it was my choice to stick it out . 
 if joey could change then there was still hope for jamey . 
 there had to be . 
 he could n't live his whole life controlling women to get what he wanted . 
 i hated myself more for knowing he was doing it to me and i was doing nothing to stop it . 
 the truth was that i wanted to give him whatever he asked for , because somewhere deep inside i wanted to be his forever . 
 my sister-in-law , ashley , greeted me at the door . 
 she was holding a bottle of condiments in each of her hands . 
 `` hey , we were wondering where you were . '' 
 she looked past me . 
 `` he did n't come again ? '' 
 ashley was always the easiest for me to talk to . 
 maybe it was because she grew up knowing joey and his younger brother , or maybe it was because she was now my sister . 
 i did n't really care what had bonded us as friends , since most of mine had gone off to college and forgotten all about our tiny ass town , and the people in it . 
 it was n't like i had tons of friends to begin with . 
 my reputation kept girls from trusting me . 
 i was the female that the girls hid their boyfriends from , in fear of me taking them . 
 sometimes i did it too . 
 in my defense i was young and stupid . 
 ashley thinks it was because my brother parker always got all of the attention , leaving me to crave it from wherever i could find some . 
 she 'd been taking a few classes online in hopes to become a therapist . 
 she said she did n't want to be a psychiatrist that could prescribe medication , but wanted to help people by talking about their problems and coming up with other solutions . 
 she had her own demons , and a father that did his best to ruin her life . 
 another reason we were close ; our daddy issues . 
 `` he made plans with friends a while back before you told us about the cookout , '' i lied . 
 as a matter of fact , i 'd say anything to get everyone off my back . 
 ashley was only the beginning though . 
 my brother came up to me as soon as i walked out back . 
 i saw my parents pushing the twins on their matching swings . 
 they both acknowledged me as i went to say hello to lacey . 
 she was sitting with my cousin ford and his girlfriend sky . 
 it was still weird seeing all of them together in the same house . 
 i never thought shayne and joey would get over themselves to be in the same room , but love had changed them . 
 even ford , who used to date ashley , had come around . 
 i sat down with them and folded my hands , trying to get right into their current conversation . 
 lacey spoke first . 
 `` we were just talking about you . '' 
 `` you were ? '' 
 that could never be good . 
 `` we were taking bets on if jamey would show , '' ford laughed out his words . 
 i picked up a cheese curl out of the bowl between us and tossed it his way . 
 `` do n't be a dick . 
 he had something to do . '' 
 `` yeah , i bet he did . '' 
 ford rolled his eyes . 
 `` all that matters is that you 're here , '' lacey added to soften the mood . 
 they all knew the truth . 
 my lies were even starting to get on my nerves . 
 sky shoved ford before addressing the elephant in the room . 
 she leaned in as she spoke , making sure nobody else than our table could hear . 
 `` do n't let him get to you . 
 he 's cut off for going golfing with your brother yesterday , so he 's in a grumpy mood . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' he disagreed . 
 i smiled as they bickered amongst themselves . 
 when their conversation started to get personal i turned my attention to lacey . 
 `` so what 's new ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` joey 's been so busy with the restaurant that i 've barely been able to talk to sky and we live next door . '' 
 lacey 's father owned a vineyard and restaurant about an hour away . 
 since joey had returned home and begun looking for a permanent job , he 'd kind of fallen into a partnership with lacey 's dad . 
 it was weird how ford and joey both worked for their girlfriend 's parents , but both jobs did n't require them to be anywhere near each other . 
 lacey 's dad owned lots of small business ' , so him buying a restaurant for his daughter and her chef boyfriend to run made sense . 
 `` joey 's taking me to look at houses closer to the restaurant this week . '' 
 `` so you 're going to move near easton ? '' 
 `` st. michaels . 
 we want to be able to ride our bikes to work , you know to be able to work out before and after , since all the time we spend there takes away from the gym . '' 
 i looked over at my brother , shayne , and joey . 
 they were standing at the grill , and i did n't want to know what they were talking about , since most of the time they avoided each other . 
 `` that ca n't be good , '' i said as i pointed toward the two . 
 `` shayne 's telling joey about his realtor friend . 
 joey wants to buy a foreclosure that needs work . 
 as if we do n't have enough on our plate . '' 
 `` stop acting like your daddy is n't going to help you , lace . 
 you know he is , '' sky interrupted . 
 `` probably . 
 he hates our small apartment , and the fact that not even half of my clothes fit in our closets . '' 
 `` you have problems , '' i noted . 
 sky and i began to laugh , even though she was in the same situation with lacey . 
 how they ended up as a part of my extended family was beyond me . 
 `` speaking of problems , has joey talked to jamey about taking over our lease ? '' 
 lacey 's question only made me more concerned about my relationship with jamey . 
 `` i have no clue . 
 was he supposed to ? '' 
 `` he told me he did it last week some time . '' 
 that explained everything . 
 jamey and i were fighting a lot last week over a number that i found in the center console of his car . 
 he claimed that it was old , but it did n't make sense since we 'd cleaned his car a dozen times in the past year . 
 i knew he still flirted with women that came into the diner , but getting their numbers and not throwing them away was a whole different ballgame . 
 to me , it meant he was interested in them . 
 `` he probably forgot to mention it . '' 
 sky asked the next question . 
 `` are you excited about the ski trip we 're all taking together this thanksgiving ? '' 
 my heart dropped . 
 `` ski trip ? '' 
 `` yeah , we saw jamey last sunday at the diner . 
 he said to count him in for two people . 
 maybe he wants to surprise you with it ? 
 that 's so sweet . 
 do n't tell him i told you , just in case . '' 
 i tried to smile , implying that i 'd be the one that he invited , though i knew it was n't the truth . 
 as the day went by i was suddenly realizing that maybe all my efforts were for nothing . 
 jamey was n't making plans for us long term . 
 i was a temporary fix . 
 i began to cry , unable to hold my emotions in any longer . 
 i knew they 'd follow me into the house and up the stairs , expecting me to spill about what was going on with me , but i was n't prepared for what they were going to say to me . 
 i 'd made it to the bathroom before the door opened and they found me sitting on the closed toilet seat . 
 `` come out with it . 
 what 's going on ? 
 did you break up ? '' 
 i looked over through my tear-filled eyes to see lacey , sky , and ashley waiting for an answer . 
 `` you 're not going to go away until i tell you , are you ? '' 
 `` i told you he does n't treat her right , '' sky said to lacey . 
 `` we did n't break up , well , not exactly . 
 things are just complicated . 
 i love him so much it hurts , you know ? 
 i want to be serious with jamey , but he acts like that word is off limits . 
 i do n't know what else to do to make him change . 
 i try to make him happy . 
 i give him everything he wants . 
 he says i 'm clingy and pushes me away , though . 
 what am i doing wrong ? '' 
 i needed a solution that obviously i could n't figure out myself . 
 `` you need to dump his ass , '' ashley interrupted . 
 `` yeah , you should , '' sky agreed . 
 before i could argue lacey added , `` what they mean is that if you cut him off he 'll come running back . '' 
 `` what if he does n't ? '' 
 it was my greatest fear . 
 `` what if he 's only hanging on for the sex ? '' 
 lacey leaned down and touched my arm . 
 `` if that 's what he 's doing do you really want to be with him ? 
 peyton you deserve to be happy . '' 
 `` i 'm happy when i 'm with jamey . '' 
 `` no you 're not , '' ashley announced . 
 `` you complain about him every day . 
 i hear you fighting with him on the phone , and watch you read his texts . '' 
 i looked away from the women in the bathroom . 
 `` so i 'm just supposed to break my own heart to see if he comes back ? '' 
 `` honey , you 're heart is already broken . 
 do n't you see that ? '' 
 ashley came in and the other two moved aside . 
 `` your brother tries to keep quiet about it , but he tells me how worried he is . 
 when you 're with jamey it 's like you become blind . '' 
 `` he can change . '' 
 i was taking up for him , defending him when i knew it was wrong . 
 `` he just needs time . '' 
 lacey corrected me right away . 
 `` you need to be away from him , peyton . 
 just come here for a few weeks and let things settle down . 
 the two of you are like gasoline to a fire . 
 if you keep going on like this there 's going to be an explosion . 
 he talks to his brother and i know you do n't want to hear it , but he 's not serious like you are . 
 do n't keep hurting yourself day in and day out . 
 make him see what he 's lost . 
 it 's the only way you 'll know how he really feels . 
 trust me . '' 
 i wanted to trust them , not just because they had me pinned in the bathroom , but because i knew deep down that they were right . 
 jamey was using me because i was letting him . 
 as much as it broke my heart i was the only person who could do anything about my predicament . 
 `` i do trust you . 
 it 's just harder than just walkin ' away . 
 i do n't know if i can do it . '' 
 `` you have to . '' 
 they all said at once . 
 i let out an air-filled laugh behind my tears . 
 `` what if i do n't want to ? '' 
 what if i could n't was the real question that i needed to be asking . 
 walking away from something that i loved was n't going to be easy at all , not when i had this ill feeling that he 'd be perfectly fine about it , and i 'd be left all alone , feeling worse than i did . 
 `` fine , '' i began to cry more as i spoke . 
 `` i 'll break up with jamey . '' 
 they stayed in the bathroom with me until i could come to grips with my decision and calm down . 
 sky stayed with me when shayne and joey came looking for ashley and lacey . 
 i tried to change the subject . 
 `` it 's weird seeing you all gettin ' along with ash . '' 
 `` she 's been through a lot . 
 at the end of the day shayne and ford are family . 
 i can choose to hate her and stay away , or forgive her and be with my boyfriend . 
 he left the choice to me . '' 
 `` she 's changed . 
 even before the aneurism she was different , '' i agreed . 
 `` your brother saved her . 
 they 're good together . '' 
 sky knew shayne because he dated lacey . 
 she knew him as a male whore , who cheated . 
 then she watched him , just like we all did , change into the man he now was ; the devoted father and husband . 
 it was still weird to wrap my head around , but i saw that devotion firsthand , and admired that every man could change . 
 it 's the reason why i had such hopes of changing jamey . 
 `` do you think jamey loves me ? '' 
 i could see the doubt across her face before she answered . 
 it was like a knife driving into my chest . 
 `` i think jamey needs to stop loving himself before he can begin to love someone else . 
 i 'm sorry , pey . 
 i know it is n't what you want to hear . '' 
 i sniffled and looked away . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you 'll get through this . '' 
 her encouragement was n't going to help me tell jamey that i was walking away from whatever we had . 
 i was going to have to do it all on my own , and i was n't sure how i was going to find the courage the go through with it , but knew i had to . 
 i could n't face my family and friends until i was in control of my life again . 
 hell or high water , i was going to free myself of his hold on me . 
 if he came running back begging me to be with him , i 'd reconsider . 
 if he did n't i 'd have to find a way to fall out of love with him . 
 chapter 4 jamey normally i would hate that some chick tagged along with us , but ang was different . 
 she could hang out with all of us guys and not be annoying . 
 plus she looked so good covered in mud ; those perfect tits were dripping with dirt running between them . 
 i could n't help but look at her and not think about her being bent over in the lifeguard stand at the beach . 
 her hair was different from the last time i 'd seen her . 
 the brown was darker almost a black , and it was pulled back in a ponytail . 
 she wore these big zirconia earrings that attracted me to her lobes that i 'd once nibbled on . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 she 'd caught me looking . 
 `` i see somewhere i 've already been before . 
 do n't get the two confused . '' 
 i had to be cocky or else i 'd have her bent over a muddy machine while my two friends were out there somewhere chasing each other around still . 
 `` why 'd you follow me back here ? '' 
 `` i left my two waters in the truck . 
 you had nothin ' to do with it . '' 
 i grabbed one of the bottles and opened it up , dumping a few drips over my face and washing off the mud before it dried . 
 `` though i see you 're still thinkin ' about me . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she held out her hand for the bottle that had just left my lips . 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 i handed her the bottle and felt our hands touching as it was exchanged . 
 `` my cousin tells me that you 've got yourself a girlfriend . 
 i 've got to be honest . '' 
 she dumped some water on her chest and started rubbing the mud around . 
 i could n't stop looking . 
 `` i never thought you 'd settle down . '' 
 `` me ? 
 settle down ? '' 
 i let out an air-filled sigh . 
 `` that shit ai n't happenin ' . 
 i do n't know where you heard that from , but i ai n't tied down to anyone . '' 
 my mind went directly to peyton , and i immediately felt guilt . 
 i hated that she got to me like that , and was determined to make it go away . 
 if there was a chance that i could hit ang again , i wanted to at least have the option . 
 `` so you 're not living with someone ? '' 
 `` i 've got a friend that stays at my house , yes , but we 're just that . 
 we f ** k each other , but she knows how i am . '' 
 ang took a sip of water before handing me the bottle back . 
 she peered into my eyes and licked over her lips . 
 `` i know how you are too . '' 
 `` that was a long time ago . 
 i 'm surprised you remember it at all . '' 
 i had to walk away , because i did n't feel like dealing with the bullshit that would happen if i let my dick lead the way . 
 `` we should get back out there . '' 
 she grabbed my arm as i began to walk by her . 
 `` wait . 
 i 'm not finished catching up . '' 
 she pulled me her way and i smacked into her chest . 
 i looked down and saw intent on her eyes . 
 `` if you 're not with someone than why ca n't we catch up ? '' 
 her finger ran over my bottom lip . 
 i grabbed her arm and took a step back . 
 my laugh was n't because i was happy . 
 it was because i knew i had a choice . 
 sure , i could nail her and peyton would possibly never find out . 
 i kept saying that i owed her nothing , but at the end of the day , when put into these kind of situations , i always chose her , because she was the best . 
 `` maybe i do have someone at home . '' 
 `` maybe i do n't care , '' she said as she inched closer again . 
 i took both hands and shoved her away . 
 `` that 's the problem with women like you . 
 you do n't care . 
 i 'm over that . 
 besides , i 've already been knee deep inside that pu ** y of yours . 
 there 's nothin ' new there for me to be interested in . '' 
 sometimes being a cocky ass ** le came in handy . 
 not only did it drive a wedge between me and peyton , but it also drove away hoochies that spread their legs for every dude around . 
 her face changed , and i could tell i hit a nerve . 
 `` fuck you , jamey . 
 i should have known you 'd be a douche . '' 
 `` i am who i am . 
 nothin ' changes , baby . '' 
 `` that chick can have you . 
 it was n't that good anyway . '' 
 sure , it was a kick to my pride , but girls like her were everywhere . 
 i did n't need to stick my dick in new jersey for a good time . 
 `` you jealous ? '' 
 she climbed on the four-wheeler and started it before she answered . 
 `` i 'm too good for you anyway . '' 
 `` whatever ! '' 
 she was n't worth the chase . 
 it was dark before we all headed home , and ang never spoke to me again . 
 i climbed out of the truck , noticing that peyton was already home from the cookout . 
 since ang had gotten me worked up , i could n't wait to climb into that bed and feel pey 's naked body against mine . 
 something about her drove me crazy . 
 if she 'd just stop complaining about everything we 'd be good . 
 i said my goodbyes to my friends and ignored ang as i headed inside of my house . 
 all of the lights were off , and my hopes of getting a piece of ass were increasing as i made my way to my bedroom . 
 i 'd already pulled off my shirt and kicked off my boots before leaning in to kiss her . 
 `` hey . 
 i 'm back . '' 
 she leaned over and turned on the light . 
 `` you 're filthy . '' 
 `` i expected a kiss before you complained about somethin' . '' 
 `` i just got a shower , jamey . 
 maybe i do n't feel like sleepin ' in a dirty bed . '' 
 i lifted her chin up to my lips . 
 `` maybe i like makin ' the bed dirty with you . '' 
 she pushed me away , which was n't out of character , especially after i 'd been out with my friends instead of being with her . 
 `` just go get a shower . '' 
 `` make me , '' i teased , hoping she 'd want to join me , even though she 'd already gotten one . 
 i could smell how sweet she smelled and it made my dick ache even more than it already was . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't feel like arguin ' with you . '' 
 her attitude was nasty . 
 `` what 's your f ** kin ' problem ? '' 
 `` you are . '' 
 peyton got up off the bed and looked at me . 
 `` how you treat me . 
 that 's my problem . 
 i 'm not a toy . 
 i have feelin 's that you do n't seem to care about . '' 
 i put my hands up in the air . 
 `` whoa ! 
 what 's this about ? 
 what did i do to you now ? 
 is this shit because of your brother ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it has nothin ' to do with shayne or anyone else . 
 it has to do with you and me . 
 how long do you expect me to be in this arrangement without admitting that we 're somethin' more than f ** k buddies ? '' 
 `` pey , it ai n't just about that and you know it . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 when have you ever introduced me as your girlfriend ? '' 
 she asked as she started to cry . 
 `` for more than a year i 've tried to be what you wanted , but it gets me nowhere . '' 
 i was getting annoyed . 
 `` every time you 're with them you come home actin ' like this . '' 
 `` this is n't about them i told you ! '' 
 she was adamant . 
 `` then what ? 
 what brought this on ? '' 
 `` everything ! '' 
 peyton was n't making sense . 
 when i 'd left the house we 'd just screwed . 
 nothing had changed in my mind . 
 `` you 're bein ' ridiculous . 
 i 'm gettin ' a damn shower . 
 maybe when i get out you 'll have calmed down . '' 
 i left her there crying in my room . 
 it was n't like i did n't care , i did . 
 peyton was special to me . 
 she should have known that . 
 i 'd never let another girl stay with me like she did . 
 i took her places , and people knew we were more than friends . 
 so what if i did n't label it as something more . 
 it was n't necessary . 
 it was better this way . 
 if i decided that i wanted out , i had nothing holding me back . 
 i took my time in the shower , too tired to put up with another argument . 
 when i climbed out , i wrapped a towel around my waist and walked into my bedroom . 
 peyton was still crying , and she was packing her stuff in a book bag . 
 `` what now , pey ? 
 what did i do now ? '' 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore , jamey . 
 i ca n't sit here waitin ' for you to come around . 
 i want more and you 're never goin ' to give it to me . 
 why should i bother tryin ' anymore ? '' 
 her tears were real , and i 'd never paid such close attention to her as i was at that very moment , while standing in only a towel . 
 `` you 'll change your mind . '' 
 i made the statement but second guessed it as soon as she did n't respond . 
 `` i do n't get why you 're bein ' like this . 
 i did n't do shit to you . 
 in fact , i could have f ** ked this chick today , but i did n't . '' 
 that got her attention . 
 `` you said you were four-wheelin ' ? '' 
 `` i was . 
 she was there with us . '' 
 i could see the look of disappointment rush over her face . 
 `` i ca n't do this with you . 
 it hurts too much . 
 screw whoever you want jamey . 
 we 're done . 
 i 'm through with tryin ' . '' 
 `` this is all because i wo n't commit ? 
 i do n't believe that . '' 
 i followed her downstairs toward the kitchen exit . 
 `` we were fine this mornin ' . '' 
 she turned around and pointed right at my face . 
 `` you were fine . 
 you were fine with stickin ' your thing in me to shut me up . 
 you think i do n't know how you work ? 
 nothin ' was fine this mornin ' , not even when we were in bed . 
 it has n't been fine in as long as i can remember . 
 we fight all of the time , and it never gets us any closer to bein ' happy . '' 
 `` pey , wait . '' 
 i grabbed her by the arm and forced her to come to a halt . 
 `` we fight to make up . 
 you know how it is between us . 
 i thought you liked it . '' 
 `` i do n't like anything about it . 
 do n't you get it , you idiot , i want more . 
 i want a man that will take me places and hold my hand . 
 i want a man that will talk about me when i 'm not around . 
 i want a man that makes plans for the future knowin ' that i 'll be in it . '' 
 i threw my arms in the air . 
 `` i 'm not that guy . 
 i never will be . 
 you knew that from the beginnin ' . '' 
 she shook her head and tightened up her face , as if it was hurting her physically to look at me . 
 `` well i thought you 'd change . '' 
 `` come on . 
 you know me . 
 are we really havin ' this conversation when you know damn well you 're goin ' to call me later and beg me to let you come back ? '' 
 she pushed me clear across the kitchen floor and turned to walk outside . 
 i caught my footing and went after her , holding the towel so that it did n't fall off . 
 we lived in the country and i did n't give a shit if someone rode by and saw me standing outside in a towel . 
 `` i wo n't call you , jamey . 
 i 'll never call you again . '' 
 she got in her car and pulled out of the driveway . 
 i stood there watching her leave , wondering how long it was going to take her to contact me . 
 it was a good thing i did n't sit there staring at my phone . 
 peyton did n't call me , or text . 
 by midnight i shot her a message to check on her . 
 she 'd never been so distraught over our situation before , and i wondered what had brought it on . 
 are you okay ? 
 - j it took her a good thirty minutes before she responded . 
 i will be . 
 - p what was that supposed to mean ? 
 for the first time in my life a woman had walked away from me before i 'd asked her to , and i was n't okay with it . 
 it not only rubbed me the wrong way , but it left a bad taste in my mouth . 
 maybe i 'd been too quick to judge my feelings for peyton . 
 there was a good chance that she was going to make me work to get her back in my good graces , which was something i 'd also never done before . 
 like it or not , i 'd get her back in my bed . 
 just because i could n't commit did n't mean she was n't mine . 
 chapter 5 peyton it took all of the energy that i had to conjure up the courage to walk away from jamey , and every bit of strength i had to not contact him . 
 the truth was that a part of me knew we were n't going anywhere , but i was settled into the monotony of what we did have . 
 maybe the girls were right . 
 jamey was never going to change and i needed to walk away from him completely to see it . 
 when i arrived back at shayne 's house he did n't have to ask what was wrong . 
 either ashley told him , or after i 'd left everyone felt it necessary to talk about me . 
 i felt like i could n't trust anyone ; that i was all alone to suffer without the support of even my family . 
 it only took me a good thirty minutes to decide that i needed to get away from everyone . 
 i was back in my car and driving to the one person that would never give me a hard time ; the one person that knew me completely , who had enough shit on his plate to know better than to judge me . 
 parker 's dorm was locked , causing me to have to call him and pray that he answered . 
 it was nearly midnight when i reached his college campus , and i knew he 'd probably already be in bed . 
 a voice answered that i did n't recognize . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` is parker there ? '' 
 `` he 's in bed . 
 hang on . '' 
 i heard him waking up my brother . 
 `` yeah . 
 this better be important . '' 
 `` it 's me . 
 i 'm outside . 
 come let me in . '' 
 `` peyton , it 's midnight . 
 what the hell ? 
 you ca n't just come in here after hours . '' 
 `` i 'll be quiet . 
 bring me a hat or something to hide my hair . 
 i 'm wearing a jacket and i 'll sneak in . '' 
 `` you 've got to be kiddin ' me . 
 is this one of your pranks ? '' 
 `` no , you dumb ass . 
 i 'm outside and i need to come in . '' 
 i heard him shuffling and a door opening . 
 finally i saw his feet coming down the stairs that led to the front of the building . 
 he opened them and looked around before letting me in . 
 `` hurry up before someone sees you . '' 
 `` you act like girls do n't sneak in here all the time . '' 
 he waited until we reached his room to talk to me . 
 i suppose he did n't want anyone hearing us . 
 his roommate was back asleep , but had stuck headphones in his ears and did n't even notice that i was there . 
 parker sat me down on his bed and crossed his arms . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` i broke up with jamey . 
 i mean , i ended whatever it was he was callin ' it . '' 
 i began to cry and parker sat down beside me . 
 he put his hand on my leg and let me lean my head on him , like we did when we were younger . 
 `` i did n't know where to go . 
 i just had to get away . 
 i need to be where he ca n't call me and invite me over easily . '' 
 `` if you broke up with him why are you worried about goin ' back ? 
 i 'm a little confused , sis . '' 
 `` he wo n't get serious . 
 it 's all just a game to him . 
 i want more . 
 is that so hard to understand ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i get it . 
 it 's just that with your track record and jamey 's , it was kind of expected . 
 i mean , nobody thought you 'd work out anyway . '' 
 `` thanks , a lot . '' 
 he laughed and kissed the top of my head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm tired so ignore me . 
 i did n't mean to be a dick to you . 
 come on . '' 
 he pulled down his covers . 
 `` we 're goin ' to have to share , because there 's no way i 'm lettin ' you crawl in bed with chris over there . 
 he farts in his sleep , by the way . '' 
 parker was trying to make me smile . 
 it worked for a second . 
 we climbed into his tiny twin bed and i nestled my back into his chest . 
 `` this is like when we were little and i had a bad dream . '' 
 `` yeah , except you 're much taller . '' 
 i smiled again . 
 `` i know everyone is mad at you , but being here was the one place where i knew i 'd feel better . '' 
 `` we share the same dna . 
 as far as everyone else goes there 's nothin ' i can say or do that will make them see i 'm sorry . 
 shayne and dad are probably goin ' to pissed at me forever . 
 as long as i have you , i know i 'll be okay . '' 
 my phone vibrating caught me off guard . 
 parker sat up with me and watched as i checked my messages . 
 `` it 's jamey . 
 he wants to know if i 'm okay . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 i gave him my phone and watched him type in a reply . 
 when he handed me back the phone he had a big grin on his face . 
 `` what did you write ? '' 
 `` i told him that you will be . 
 it 's true . 
 he 's just a guy , pey . 
 he 's just another notch that you 'll soon forget about . 
 come on , how many guys have you thought you were in love with ? '' 
 i shoved my brother . 
 `` three , and i was . '' 
 `` no you were n't . '' 
 he shook his head before laying back down on the bed . 
 `` you just thought you were . 
 the truth is that when you find that one person you 'll know it without a doubt . '' 
 `` what if i already feel that way ? '' 
 i laid back down next to him and started to tear up again . 
 `` i do n't know , sis . 
 i suppose time will make it easier . 
 you just need to focus on now much of an idiot he is to let you go . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm hopin ' for , actually . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he sat up again and looked over at me . 
 `` do n't tell me this is all some ploy to get him to commit . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` kind of . '' 
 parker rubbed his face , seemingly disappointed in my choices . 
 `` what is with you women and your head games ? '' 
 `` this is n't a game . 
 it 's my heart , parker . 
 i want him to love me , and the girls said that if i wanted to know for sure how he felt i needed to force it out of him . 
 jamey 's taken advantage of me for a long time . 
 whether he loves me or not is yet to be determined , but either way i took myself out of the equation to let him decide on his own . '' 
 `` you 're fully prepared for him to not come runnin ' ? '' 
 my lips trembled as i answered . 
 `` not really , but i 'll have to be . '' 
 `` pey , maybe it 's because i 'm tired , but your plan sounds like an epic fail . 
 you set the guy free . 
 he 's never been one to settle down anyway . 
 you and jamey , well it was always more than he admitted . 
 just because you did n't put a stupid label on it did n't make it real . '' 
 i felt my stomach knotting up . 
 `` so you think i screwed up ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 jamey 's a douche . 
 he always has been . 
 there 's no tellin ' what he does . 
 at least he messaged to check on you . 
 that there proves that he cares . '' 
 `` i do n't want him to just care about me . 
 i already know he does . 
 he might not show it , but he does . '' 
 `` that 's just it . 
 you want him to be all in . 
 maybe he 's not capable of it . '' 
 `` just go back to bed , parker . 
 you 're making me want to puke . '' 
 `` there 's a bottle of whiskey in my top drawer . 
 i 've got class in the mornin ' so i 'm goin ' to take your advice . 
 you can crash here as long as you need to , just do n't tell them your last name in case you get caught . '' 
 i knew he meant well , but parker never held back his feeling when it came to me , especially when it had to do with some guy . 
 just like everyone else that knew me , he thought jamey was just another guy that i 'd soon get over . 
 why was it so hard for everyone to understand that this time was different for me . 
 i was in love with that man , and i had been for a long time . 
 for a while i just laid there staring at nothing but darkness . 
 beside me my brother snored lightly , while his roommate tossed and turned and talked in his sleep about some paper that he lost . 
 while trying to focus on anything besides not being in bed next to jamey , i finally dozed off . 
 the next thing i knew i was waking up alone in the small twin sized bed . 
 parker left me a little note on his pillow . 
 dear sister that woke me up in the middle of the night : i 'm having lunch with my girlfriend if you want to tag along . 
 text me and i 'll tell you where to meet us . 
 you 're going to be okay , peyton . 
 if you need me i 'm just a phone call away . 
 parker there was no way i was going to feel like the third wheel , so i did n't text my brother . 
 instead i ravaged his drawers looking for something edible to appease my grumbling stomach . 
 when i came up empty , i decided to go out and find the cafeteria . 
 after brushing my teeth and hair , and changing into clean clothes , i stepped out onto the campus and asked the first girl i came in contact with . 
 finding the place was easy , and filling up a tray full of food was easier . 
 it was deciding where to sit that was the big dilemma . 
 i never anticipated someone approaching me with an invite . 
 `` hey , you look lost . 
 i 'm seth . '' 
 his hair was a light brown , and he had these eyes that were just about the same color as his hair . 
 his teeth were perfect , but not the kind that had been through years of braces . 
 i smiled and tried to be polite , even though i had no interest in sitting with a strange guy . 
 `` i 'm here visitin ' my brother . '' 
 `` a southern drawl . 
 how sexy . 
 you want to join me and my friends while you eat ? '' 
 i looked down at the tray , and over where he was pointing . 
 at a few outside tables was a bunch of people chatting and carrying on with each other . 
 they all looked so happy , and i felt left out because i did n't want the whole college experience . 
 `` i appreciate the offer , but i 'm just going to sit inside and wait for my brother , '' i lied . 
 `` if you need a tour , i 'm your man . '' 
 he patted my shoulder and walked back outside with his friends . 
 i tried not to look too many times out the window at them , but curiosity got the best of me . 
 each time i glanced out that glass pane i saw a life that i could be having . 
 i saw a future that i could have been giving myself , had i just made the right choices . 
 it was unsettling that on top of my break-up i was dwelling on what else i could have had . 
 my appetite was definitely affected by my inability to focus on anything positive . 
 after throwing away more than i ate , i retreated back to my brother 's room to hide out . 
 the messages started coming in a little after i 'd gotten settled . 
 how long are you going to act like this ? 
 - j avoiding me does n't solve anything . 
 - j i wrote back before i could talk myself out of it . 
 i want more than you 're willing to give me . 
 - p you want something that 's impossible for me to give you . 
 we 're good together . 
 ca n't you be happy with that ? 
 - j not anymore . 
 i 'm tired of settling . 
 i deserve more . 
 you can either give me what i want or watch me walk away . 
 - p i waited for him to answer , and regretted sending him the message . 
 it was easy to be strong behind the screen of my phone . 
 have it your way . 
 do n't come back begging once you find out i 've moved on . 
 - j it hurt so much to read , but i think i did it fifteen times before tossing my phone onto the floor . 
 in my mind i knew that my family had been right about jamey , but it did n't make my heart feel any better . 
 i 'd given him too much time to let go so easily . 
 there had to be another way to get him to see that i was worth it . 
 my brother showed up some time in the afternoon . 
 since i refused to look at my phone anymore i did n't bother checking for the time . 
 his roommate had also stopped by , but only to grab a change of clothes . 
 after locating his xbox , underneath of a pile of clothes , i 'd helped myself to playing it . 
 parker plopped down on the bed behind me and tried to get the paddle out of my hands . 
 `` let me have a turn . '' 
 `` what are you five ? 
 i 'm not sharin ' . 
 i got this far and you 're just pissed because i 've always been better at this stuff than you . '' 
 parker fought me more for the paddle . 
 he knew he was stronger than me , but did n't put up a fight once i started screaming . 
 when i won the battle the game did n't seem all that interesting anymore . 
 i put the paddle down in my lap and looked over at my brother . 
 `` i know i ca n't stay here . '' 
 `` i hate that you know what i 'm goin ' to say before i say it , pey . 
 sometimes that whole twin thing ai n't what it 's cracked up to be . '' 
 `` i appreciate you lettin ' me crash here , but tomorrow i think i 'm goin ' to go back to shayne and ashley 's house . 
 i need to face the music and deal with whatever is next in my life . '' 
 he rubbed my head , as if i were a dog . 
 immediately i pulled away from it . 
 `` it will all be okay . 
 once you meet the next guy , you 'll forget all about jamey and his douche hair cut . '' 
 i should have rolled my eyes at his comment , or said something witty to reply , but instead i just stared at my brother . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 `` what 's it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i know what i have to do to get him back . '' 
 `` whatever you 're thinkin ' it 's probably a terrible idea . '' 
 his tone changed to being concerned . 
 `` i 'm just goin ' to go home tonight . '' 
 i leaned over and kissed him . 
 `` tell your girlfriend i said hi . '' 
 he followed me out to the hallway . 
 `` seriously , peyton , what are you up to ? '' 
 `` i 'm goin ' to prove to everyone that jamey loves me . 
 watch and learn , brother . '' 
 determined that my plan would work , i set out on the long road home . 
 my idea had to work , because my happiness depended on it . 
 chapter 6 jamey she was driving me crazy , but i was n't going to let her know it . 
 if peyton thought her head games were going to make me beg , she had another thing coming . 
 after our latest bouts of texts i was fuming , but i was at work and could n't get away to do anything about it . 
 my first inclination was to drive to her brother 's house and stir up some shit , because i knew he was behind this decision of hers . 
 peyton would n't walk away from me without a good reason . 
 since i knew i had n't f ** ked up in anyway lately , she did n't have a reason to get on my case and walk out like she had . 
 if she wanted to start shit , i was prepared to give her a reason to regret it . 
 i spotted ang and her cousin walking into the diner . 
 she gave me a dirty look as they sat down , and i made sure the other server knew that i 'd be taking care of them before i made my way over . 
 `` what 's up guys ? 
 you hungry or did you just come here to see me ? '' 
 i geared the last part for only ang . 
 she shook her head and looked at the menu instead of answering the question . 
 `` i 'll have a order of cheese fries , with ranch on the side . '' 
 she handed me back the menu without looking up . 
 `` you want something to drink ? '' 
 i saw those eyes looking right at me . 
 `` why , so you can spit in it ? 
 i 'd rather die of thirst . '' 
 that new jersey accent still got to me . 
 `` fine . 
 what are you havin ' buddy ? '' 
 `` give me the usual . 
 i want the burger medium , and put gravy on the fries . 
 you can bring out two cokes . 
 if this bitch does n't want it , i 'll drink both . '' 
 she handed me his menu while she crossed her arms and huffed over his comment . 
 i walked to the back to make the drinks and put the orders in , but could n't help wonder if ang would come around . 
 if peyton wanted to play the sad puppy and end things with me , it only meant that i was in the market for someone new to bide my time . 
 since i already knew she was a good time , ang would be the perfect solution . 
 besides , she was only visiting , and would n't expect anything but a good time while she was around . 
 i focused on her movements , watching her as i waited on several tables . 
 when i took them their drinks , she refused again to look at me . 
 i smiled just the same , knowing that her attempts were only going to make me try harder . 
 once the food came out , i asked someone to fill in for me while i took a short break . 
 i sat her fries down on the table and slid into the booth beside her . 
 `` so what 's new ? 
 you guys goin ' out anywhere tonight ? 
 you feel like ridin ' to the beach , ang ? '' 
 that got her attention . 
 she turned to face me and shook her head . 
 `` some things never change , do they , jamey ? '' 
 i popped one of her fries into my mouth . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` you 're pathetic . 
 you 've got a girlfriend at home , but you 're sitting here hitting on me . '' 
 `` we broke up . '' 
 i said it without feeling , not because i did n't care , but because i was playing the part . 
 had it been my mother i may have given her a different reply . 
 for the most part i was just trying to fill an empty spot in my bed , with one main purpose of showing peyton that two could play her game . 
 `` really ? 
 i did n't know you were officially calling yourself a couple . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 i get off in two hours . 
 if you want to have some fun , meet me out back . '' 
 i left the check on the table , shook hands with my buddy and walked away without giving her a single glance . 
 she could only play hard to get for so long before she gave in like every other woman . 
 i 'd rocked her world the first time we were together , and i was willing to do it again if she let me . 
 getting peyton out of my system was n't going to be easy , and i still was n't sure if i was ready to just let her go , but for now , ang could satisfy my hunger . 
 two hours later i clocked out and walked outside to an empty parking lot . 
 i stood there laughing to myself about how two women were trying to teach me lessons at the same time . 
 since i 'd technically been stood up , i climbed in my car and decided to go home . 
 i thought that i 'd be fine with stepping into my room and not seeing her there , but i 'd be lying if i went with that . 
 the room was quiet , and there was no sign left of peyton at all . 
 she 'd taken all of her things , and left an empty spot on her side of the bed . 
 i sat down and ran my hands through my hair . 
 it finally hit me that she was serious about her threats . 
 she was n't going to call me and beg me to want her . 
 she was done with my bullshit , and i had the choice to change or be without her . 
 of course , asking me to change was n't all that easy . 
 i 'd never been in such a predicament . 
 the more i dwelled on the situation , the more pissed off i became . 
 feeling like i needed to be anywhere but in my house , i changed and headed out . 
 there was no specific place i was headed , it was more to clear my mind . 
 since bars were scarce in my neck of the woods , i ended up at the only establishment that sold cold beer , at least until midnight . 
 the jukebox was playing some old ass country song as i walked in and i spotted a couple elderly folks playing slot machines against the far wall . 
 a middle-aged couple was slow dancing to the piss-poor song , swaying their bodies back and forth in sync with one another . 
 i headed straight for the bar , having only one thing on my mind . 
 that 's when i spotted her ; the blonde sitting all alone at the end of the bar . 
 i pulled a stool up next to her and called for a beer . 
 she smiled when she noticed me , but turned around before i could speak . 
 it was weird , feeling so much rejection all at once . 
 a few minutes later the chick paid her tab and left me sitting there without a single sentence . 
 i shrugged and drank my beer in silence , checking my phone more times than i wanted to admit . 
 six beers later i was out of cash , and knew i did n't want to break out the debit card , so i paid and left . 
 i had every intention of going home and crashing , except that 's not where i ended up . 
 her car was parked out in front of her brother 's house like i figured it would be . 
 at first i got out and considered leaving her a note inside . 
 i knew she left it unlocked all of the time , because everyone did where we lived . 
 i 'd like to blame my next move on alcohol consumption , since i usually did n't drink so much , but truthfully i probably would have done the same sober . 
 with no regard for the time i walked up to the front door and started banging on it . 
 `` let me the f ** k in ! 
 i need to see peyton . 
 i 'm tired of her games . '' 
 it took them forever to answer , and it definitely was n't peyton that i was looking into the eyes of . 
 shayne was standing there in a pair of boxer shorts . 
 he opened the door all of the way as he spoke to me , and i could n't help but look past him for her . 
 `` what the f ** k is wrong with you , jamey ? 
 do you have any idea what time it is ? 
 i 've got kids that are sleepin ' . '' 
 `` screw you . 
 i need to see peyton . '' 
 i was determined . 
 `` you 're drunk . '' 
 `` no , i ai n't ! '' 
 i smiled and asked again . 
 `` go get peyton for me , man . '' 
 `` you 're slurring your words and swaying as you talk to me . 
 do n't give me some bullshit about not bein ' drunk . 
 get off my property jamey . 
 i 'm not kiddin ' . '' 
 `` what are you goin ' to do , shayne ? 
 you goin ' to come outside and attempt to beat my ass ? 
 i need to talk to your sister . 
 just let me in . 
 i need ten minutes to straighten this out . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm closin ' the door . 
 you bang on it , and you 'll see my fist down your throat . 
 i 'm not f ** kin ' around . '' 
 his comment made me laugh . 
 to me , shayne was always weak . 
 we were about the same build , but he was always whining about something when we were all younger . 
 now that he was married i just assumed he was a pu ** y. `` i need to see peyton . 
 i ai n't tryin ' to rough you up or nothin ' . 
 i did n't come here to fight . 
 i came here to get her back in my bed . 
 you know how it is , right ? '' 
 he shut the door in my face . 
 i laughed and knocked quietly again . 
 `` come on , dude . 
 let me in . 
 let me see my girl . 
 she belongs to me , man . '' 
 peyton opened the door in tears . 
 `` what are you doin ' ? '' 
 i smiled and motioned for her to get in my car . 
 `` come back to bed , baby . 
 i 'll make you feel better . '' 
 i was sure of it . 
 `` bed ? 
 you came here to ask me to come back to your bed ? 
 you 're an ass ** le . 
 i ca n't believe you , jamey . '' 
 she closed the door on me again . 
 i knocked for the third time , but nobody would come to the door to let me in , so i took drastic measures to get her attention . 
 i was determined that i was n't leaving until she was with me . 
 i walked over to my car , leaned in the open window and started honking the horn continually until someone would come outside . 
 finally shayne came outside with a baseball bat pointed toward me . 
 `` get off my property or i 'm callin ' the cops . '' 
 `` call whoever you want . 
 they ca n't make me leave from the road . 
 you do n't own this , the state highway does . '' 
 shayne put down the bat , shook his head and walked inside . 
 figuring that i 'd told him , i kept honking the horn , calling out for peyton to come outside . 
 who knows how long i was doing it , but the police lights let me know that he 'd done exactly what he said he was going to do . 
 i stopped with the horn and greeted the officer . 
 `` good evenin ' officer sparks . 
 i have n't seen you at the diner in a while . '' 
 `` jamey , please tell me you ai n't the disturbance that someone called about ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 disturbin ' ? 
 nah , it ai n't me . 
 i just came to pick up my girl . '' 
 he walked toward the house and i stood there watching . 
 shayne came right out and started pointing toward me . 
 i knew i was in trouble when officer sparks started walking in my direction , so i climbed in my car and took off down the road . 
 i suppose it was probably a bad idea after drinking to blatantly run from a deputy while intoxicated . 
 i should have known better . 
 my head sank to the steering wheel as i finally stopped and realized that i was in big trouble . 
 sparks came up and opened my door . 
 `` get out of the car , jamey . '' 
 i put my hands in the air . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 i did as he told me and watched him looking me over . 
 `` you 've been drinkin ' ? '' 
 `` i had a couple drinks . 
 i 'm all good though . '' 
 he motioned for me to walk to the rear of the vehicle . 
 `` then you do n't mind me doin ' a sobriety test , do you ? '' 
 `` fuck you ! 
 i ai n't drunk ! '' 
 he shoved me against the car and started handcuffing me , while reading me my rights . 
 a few minutes later we were on our way to the station . 
 i was being booked for a dwi , and resisting an officer . 
 i could n't believe he was being such a dick to me , considering all the meals that he 'd eaten at my mom 's establishment . 
 i tried to plead my case to him , explaining that my girl left me and i needed her to come back to my bed . 
 after calling me a few names , he refused to talk to me anymore . 
 i was left in the backseat to worry about other things , like what my mother was going to do to me when she found out . 
 i do n't remember much after that , except for getting fingerprinted and actually being put in a cell with another drunk dude . 
 i used my one call to contact joey and ask him to pick me up in the morning . 
 apparently i was n't allowed to leave until i was sobered up . 
 while the drunk man sang until he passed out , i sat in the corner thinking about how i 'd gotten myself locked up . 
 peyton filled every part of my mind , and i knew i was going to have to change if i wanted her back , the problem was that i did n't know how , and it was soon going to be the hardest thing i 'd ever had to learn how to do . 
 chapter 7 peyton i could n't believe this was happening . 
 first jamey showed up at the house drunk as a skunk , trying to get me to come home with him . 
 though i took into consideration that he was making an effort , there was no way that i was getting into a car with him that way . 
 i did n't blame my brother for calling the cops , but i sure did feel bad over it . 
 jamey was going to be in huge trouble , and i felt like i was to blame . 
 if i 'd just stayed with him none of this would be happening . 
 i did n't hear from him at all as the days passed . 
 a part of me yearned to reach out to him , to see if he was okay , but my family talked me out of it . 
 they said he needed to learn a lesson , and being alone was going to teach it to him . 
 maryland takes driving under the influence very seriously . 
 two weeks after his arrest jamey was ordered to spend thirty days in jail , reduced to fifteen . 
 his license was suspended for six months , and he had to go to drug and alcohol classes . 
 what made it worse was that he never drank or did drugs . 
 this one-time occurrence had left him in a heap of trouble . 
 he called me the day before he was ordered to report to the jail to surrender himself and put in his time . 
 i did n't hesitate from answering . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` i 'm gettin ' ready to turn myself in . 
 i just wanted to hear the voice of the person who got me into this situation . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 you think it 's my fault that you drove drunk ? '' 
 i was so pissed at him . 
 `` it is your fault . 
 had you gotten into the damn car and come home with me none of this would have happened . 
 my mom has n't talked to me in two weeks , and i 'm probably goin ' to have to move out as soon as i get back . 
 thanks for nothin ' you bitch ! '' 
 `` bitch ? 
 screw you , jamey . 
 you 're just pissed because i walked away . 
 you think that you 're god 's greatest gift to women , and you 're wrong . 
 get over yourself . '' 
 `` you 're the one that wanted someone like me to love you . 
 think about that ! '' 
 `` i 'm done with this conversation , and with you . 
 good luck in jail . 
 i hope you get raped up the ass . '' 
 it made me feel good to act on his level . 
 `` fuck this , and f ** k you ! '' 
 he hung up before me , which pissed me off more . 
 while locked up , i took some time for myself to reflect on the last year of my life . 
 after talking to my parents i decided that i wanted to enroll in community college for the next semester . 
 my parents wrote the check for school faster than i could blink . 
 with all of the money that i 'd been saving , i treated myself to a new laptop to be able to do my homework efficiently . 
 i had a good month before school started , but needed to buy books and other supplies . 
 one day , when visiting the used book store for what i needed , i met this guy who began helping me out . 
 i could tell he was older , and felt comfortable when i noticed him wearing a wedding ring on his finger that he was n't just trying to hit on me . 
 his name was wayne , and by the time i 'd checked out with what i came for i 'd learned that he was a widow . 
 his wife passed away at twenty six years old from a rare form of lymphoma . 
 he explained that they 'd dated since high school , had a child before she 'd gotten sick , and married just before she died . 
 he then explained that it was the anniversary of her death . 
 i could see nothing but pain and struggle in his eyes . 
 i felt so sad for him that i went to the neighbor store and purchased two coffees , one to take back to him . 
 we sat at a reading table in the front of the store and discussed our problems , as if we were old friends . 
 i told him all about jamey , the good and the bad . 
 unlike my family he listened to every word , giving me positive advice , instead of what i was used to getting . 
 i did n't know if it was pity that drew me to wayne , or maybe just desperation on my part . 
 i wanted to feel something ; anything more than the constant heartbreak that had been consuming me . 
 i wanted to be friends with someone that wanted to be friends with me . 
 our connection was n't romantic , but that did n't mean i would n't have been open to it becoming more . 
 i liked wayne . 
 i sympathized for how hard his life had been , and how much pain he dealt with on a daily basis . 
 i 'd watched my brother suffer to the extremes , so hearing another man 's challenges from loving a woman only gave me hope that somewhere out there was a man that would treat me right . 
 after that day at the bookstore we met frequently , mostly to talk . 
 though a handsome man for being in his late twenties , i was attracted to his devotion to his wife and child , abigail . 
 his daughter , now five , was the light in his life . 
 after one week of our new friendship we 'd become social media friends and i got to see the slew of pictures that he took of his growing child . 
 each time i met with him i felt like we connected on a level that i 'd never experienced before . 
 maybe it was what happened in adult relationships . 
 i really did n't know , because i 'd only ever been young and naive . 
 jamey never called me while he was locked up , and he certainly did n't make an effort to see me once he got out . 
 if it was n't for my seeing lacey , i would have never known . 
 though my friends and family checked on me frequently i knew they all had their own lives to worry about . 
 joey and lacey were buying a new house . 
 between running a new business and packing up their things , they were n't in the mood for company . 
 shayne and ashley were always busy . 
 by the time he came home from work at night all he wanted to do was be alone with his wife and kids . 
 i understood it , but felt left out just the same . 
 it was as if i could n't ever find my place ; the feeling of belonging . 
 i 'll never forget when i saw jamey for the first time . 
 almost two months had gone by , two months of getting to know a real man with morals and manners . 
 i 'd just finished an afternoon lunch with wayne when i realized i was out of solution for my contact lenses . 
 since i hated wearing glasses , i asked if wayne could let me run in the store so i would n't have to go back out later . 
 he pulled up out front and waited for me like he said he 'd do . 
 i 'd no sooner grabbed the solution when i turned to see jamey at the register . 
 he was buying a pack of smokes , something he 'd quit when we were still seeing each other . 
 he spotted me before i could turn around and hide . 
 `` long time no see , pey . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's been a while . '' 
 i tried not to look him in the eyes , but it was an epic fail on my part . 
 all of the reasons why i loved him came rushing back into my mind , and i could n't ' stop them if i tried . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i really did care . 
 `` good , i guess . '' 
 `` i see you 're smokin ' again . 
 you should quit . 
 it 's bad for your health . '' 
 he smiled and i felt my body melting . 
 i missed being in his arms and feeling how only he could make me feel . 
 `` yeah , well it ai n't like anyone 's worried about my health . '' 
 he waited until i paid for my solution to walk me out , and honestly i 'd forgotten all about wayne being outside . 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 i stepped toward wayne 's car and it finally hit me . 
 jamey looked around the parking lot for my car , suddenly realizing that it was n't there . 
 `` i 'm with a friend . '' 
 `` a friend ? '' 
 i had my hand on the door handle when he asked . 
 `` when did that happen ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 i needed to say my goodbyes and get back in the car with wayne . 
 he did n't need to be involved in mine and jamey 's never ending issues . 
 jamey gave me this half smile and scratched his head . 
 `` i guess it does n't . 
 good to see you 've moved on . '' 
 `` you should too . '' 
 i almost choked on the words . 
 `` see you around , pey . '' 
 i got in the car and stared forward instead of watching my heart walk away from me . 
 wayne pulled away from the curb before addressing the situation . 
 `` i take it that was the ex ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i kept looking forward . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 i felt his hand grabbing mine . 
 it was the first type of physical contact that we 'd had , other than a hug here or there . 
 this meant something , and i was n't sure if i was prepared for whatever it implied . 
 `` you 'll be fine , peyton . 
 i 'm here if you want to talk about it . '' 
 just as quickly as he 'd touched me , he pulled away and put both hands on the steering wheel . 
 we spent the rest of the ride in silence . 
 i had nothing to say to what had just happened . 
 clearly i was n't over jamey . 
 just seeing him had brought back all of the feelings that i 'd been keeping bottled up deep inside of me . 
 i missed him , and the love that we shared that he never let anyone else see . 
 it was there , i was sure of it . 
 that night , while sitting in my room going over my schedule for the next day i got a text message from jamey . 
 it was n't surprising since we 'd just seen each other , but it did n't make it any easier for me to gain the courage to read it . 
 i held my phone with shaky hands and opened the message . 
 i ca n't stop thinking about you . 
 - j it was a mistake . 
 i should n't have replied , but i could n't help myself . 
 same here . 
 - p come see me . 
 - j i ca n't . 
 - p i want you . 
 - j my heart began to beat so fast . 
 he did n't know how many nights i 'd cried myself to sleep over him . 
 he could n't understand how hard it was to see everyone around me so damn happy while i was falling apart . 
 they all thought i was just some kid . 
 they 'd never think of me as a woman with needs , who yearned to be with the one man she should n't be with . 
 do n't do this to me . 
 i 'm trying to make good choices . 
 - p it 's just one night . 
 you can go back to hating me in the morning . 
 - j i do n't hate you . 
 - p then come over and prove it . 
 - j if i come over there i will never hear the end of it . 
 - p i wo n't tell if you wo n't . 
 - j i looked around the room and saw nothing but loneliness . 
 longing to be touched , appreciated , and consumed by a man had taken over all of my decision making . 
 i could n't rationalize with myself about right and wrong . 
 i had to go to him , because it was all i wanted to do . 
 i pulled up at jamey 's house and saw that only his car was in the driveway . 
 he met me at the door , leaning against it with a head full of wet hair that glistened against the outside light . 
 `` i knew you 'd come . '' 
 `` i should n't have . '' 
 i walked up each step , feeling like i was floating instead . 
 being this close to him , knowing we were all alone , it was just too exciting . 
 our faces were so close . 
 his eyes , so brown , looked almost painful . 
 `` just one night , jamey . 
 this changes nothin ' . '' 
 he reached out and brushed my cheek with the back of his hand . 
 `` i 'll take what i can get . '' 
 the moment our lips met i forgot all about our time apart . 
 it was as if the world stopped spinning . 
 i could n't understand how something that felt so right could be so wrong . 
 chapter 8 jamey it had been too long . 
 my game was off and she was the reason for it . 
 as much as i wanted to be inside of her again , the idea of her being so close to me was enough to satisfy the hunger . 
 her lips were everything that i remembered . 
 the way her tongue knew my pace , and how her body responded to my touch , it was all so natural . 
 being with peyton was never like hooking up with a random chick . 
 she knew me , and i knew her . 
 my time in jail was the most boring experience . 
 i sat in a cell with some crack head that stole a grand from his boss . 
 he never shut up . 
 at night i laid awake thinking about a lot of things , mostly peyton , and how i 'd hurt her . 
 she 'd left me for good reasons and i did n't blame her anymore for my problems . 
 i knew she was n't at fault for anything i was going through . 
 all of it was on me . 
 her kisses filled me with desire . 
 after spending the afternoon sulking that she 'd moved on i had her back in my arms . 
 she was mine , even if only for the night . 
 while pulling away from our kiss , i watched her eyes slowly open . 
 `` i missed that . '' 
 i leaned forward and pecked her lips , one at a time . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` so , you got me here . 
 are you happy with yourself ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` you are naked in my bed . '' 
 i did n't mean to sound shallow , like i only wanted to have sex with her , albeit it 's how it came out . 
 `` that 's all i am still , just a f ** k ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` prove it to me , jamey . 
 what am i to you ? '' 
 `` right now , or before you walked out of my life ? '' 
 i was confused already . 
 she pulled out of my arms and threw her hands in the air . 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 when she started to walk back down the steps i grabbed her by the arm , pulling her to face me again . 
 `` pey , wait . 
 you know you were more than that , okay ? '' 
 i saw the hate in her eyes turn to something else . 
 it was desperation . 
 she wanted me to need her and i did , however coming to grips with that myself was harder than she thought . 
 she was asking me to be someone different ; someone that i did n't know how to be . 
 i was n't romantic , nor was i the kind of guy to wear his heart on his sleeve . 
 i told it like it was . 
 i said what i wanted . 
 it was clear . 
 `` i want more . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 it was a promise . 
 i hated that she was putting her clothes back on . 
 she took a step forward , breaking the distance between us . 
 `` you better . '' 
 our lips met again , and this time i was n't willing to let them break apart . 
 i needed to be sure she was n't going to walk out on me again . 
 getting her up to my room was the only way to make that happen . 
 by the time i got her upstairs i 'd already removed my shirt and unfastened her bra . 
 peyton was n't fighting me , giving me reason to continue . 
 i 'd never needed to feel her close to me like i needed her at that very moment . 
 she 'd consumed my thoughts , and even my dreams . 
 admitting she was special was n't going to be hard , it was everything else that came with it that i would struggle with , it was coming to grips with being monogamous . 
 i picked her up and carried her over to the bed , while our lips continued our vigorous bout of kissing . 
 `` i missed you so much , '' she said in between them . 
 i missed her too , but i was making baby steps with opening up . 
 `` do n't talk . 
 we need to make up for lost time , baby . '' 
 that was as good as i could do . 
 i backed away and dropped my pants to the floor , watching her taking off hers at the same time . 
 she bit down on that bottom lip as i let my boxers fall and sprung to life . 
 it was n't just seeing her again after so long that had me so worked up ; it was because it was her . 
 i touched her bare skin , like porcelain , and licked my lips . 
 how this one chick could get me so worked up was beyond my reasoning . 
 i needed to be inside of her , and i was going to figure out a way to make her mine again , just mine . 
 peyton pulled me on the bed . 
 her tits bounced around as she maneuvered herself on top of my naked body . 
 i felt that ass of hers grinding over my hard cock . 
 `` you want it do n't you ? '' 
 she nodded and ran her hands through her long blonde hair . 
 `` you know i do . '' 
 `` take your time , baby . 
 we 've got all night . '' 
 i said it knowing damn well that i would n't last long with her . 
 i never could . 
 she worked her hips like no other , and those breast of hers made my mouth water . 
 i dug my hands over her supple ass and started controlling how she moved . 
 `` put it in . '' 
 she did as i said , wasting no time on foreplay . 
 i 'd give her a good time and she knew it , that 's why we worked . 
 peyton started her moaning as soon as we began f ** king . 
 i watched those tits bouncing around as she rode me hard . 
 soft cries escaped her lips while i filled her with my rock hard cock . 
 her skin , such a familiar scent , filled my nostrils . 
 i closed my eyes and memorized it just in case she decided to leave again . 
 i 'd had so much time to think about everything that i wanted , but the one thing i could never shake was my desire for this woman . 
 though i knew she 'd moved on , it was apparent that i still had a chance . 
 after all , she was in my bed , naked , letting me thrust inside of her . 
 `` oh f ** k , pey . 
 your pu ** y feels so tight , baby . 
 does it feel good ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she purred . 
 `` harder . 
 rock me hard . '' 
 her hips started swaying as our pace increased . 
 i suckled one of her hard ni ** les between my lips , gliding my tongue over the tip . 
 her head fell back as she gasped , so i repeated the process . 
 i could feel her body reacting and knew she was losing control . 
 her voice became hoarse as she cried out . 
 i held her tightly against my body , and pressed my lips over hers . 
 `` that 's my girl , '' i whispered . 
 peyton 's eyes opened and she looked right at me . 
 `` do n't say that , '' she spoke softly . 
 all of a sudden we both had stopped moving . 
 her breath touched my lips while i noticed the sheer hurt in her eyes . 
 `` say what , that you 're my girl ? '' 
 it felt like a quick kick to the gut . 
 `` pey ... '' she looked away and closed her eyes , as if it caused her pain to look at me again . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 she climbed off of me , separating our connection as if it had n't just been giving her fulfillment . 
 i watched her grabbing a handful of clothes and hurrying towards my bedroom door . 
 `` wait ! 
 where are you goin ' ? '' 
 she slipped on her panties and turned around so that i could only see the back of her . 
 `` this was a mistake . 
 i ca n't be here and you know why . 
 i should have never let my feelin 's get in the way . '' 
 i jumped off the bed and grabbed ahold of her before she could leave the room . 
 `` just wait a minute . 
 i get that we 're f ** ked up , but ai n't this what you want ? 
 tell me it did n't feel good to be back in my bed again , baby . 
 you know i 'm right , do n't ya ? '' 
 she shrugged and tried to look away once more . 
 `` please just let me go home . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'd waited too damn long to have her in my arms again . 
 `` you belong in that bed . '' 
 peyton snapped her head in my direction , finally showing me those bright blue eyes of hers . 
 `` that 's just it . 
 i do n't belong here at all , jamey . 
 i ca n't do this anymore . 
 i ca n't keep lettin ' myself fall back into whatever it is that we have together . 
 it 's dangerous and all that happens is me being hurt by you . 
 i 'm not willin ' to let myself hurt like that again . 
 i ca n't love you anymore . '' 
 that word always made me cringe . 
 why had someone created a four letter word with so much meaning ? 
 i would have been fine hearing her say any other word in the dictionary . 
 `` peyton , do n't start this already . 
 why ca n't we just be together ? 
 why does it always have to turn into a label with you ? '' 
 she threw her hands in the air . 
 `` because i need more . '' 
 i shook my head , feeling as if i was in a losing situation . 
 `` what am i supposed to say to that ? '' 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 her cocked eyebrow let me know she was waiting for an answer and however i did it was going to determine her next move . 
 `` i do n't want you to go . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 of course she wanted details . 
 she wanted me to say that word . 
 `` because i want you with me . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough . '' 
 peyton began to walk out of the room , pulling away from my hold . 
 `` i 'm out of here . '' 
 i chased after her , finally reaching her arm as she took the first step toward the stairs . 
 `` please wait . 
 just hold up a minute and think about this . 
 is it really that important to you to hear that word , pey ? 
 is that all you want , because i can say it , if that 's all it is . 
 i 'm just not sure it is what you want . '' 
 she turned away from me and put her head down . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it 's everything . 
 i want all of you or nothin ' at all . 
 i ca n't be one of your toys anymore . '' 
 `` you 've never been that , '' i argued . 
 `` prove it , jamey . 
 after everything can you really stand here and want to be with just me ? 
 i 'm not a fool . 
 i know how you are . 
 i 've wanted you to change for so long . 
 i 've been kiddin ' myself thinkin ' that i could change you . 
 everyone 's told me that it was impossible , but i did n't listen . 
 comin ' here was a mistake . 
 you and i both know it . '' 
 her determination was being ignored because the last thing i was going to let her do was walk away from me again . 
 `` pey , i missed you . 
 hell , i went to jail because you got me so f ** ked up in the head . 
 please . '' 
 i pulled her up against my chest and waited for her to acknowledge how close we were . 
 `` i want you to stay with me tonight , not just because i want us to finish what we started , but because you 're my girl and i 'm tired of denyin ' it . '' 
 right away her eyes lit up . 
 `` you 've said that to me before , jamey . '' 
 `` i mean it this time . '' 
 `` i want to believe you . '' 
 i could see her struggling . 
 this was n't about my past , or the way i 'd never been able to commit the way she wanted me to . 
 this was about taking our relationship to the next level , or losing her forever . 
 there was no reason to beat around the bush with excuses why i should n't do it . 
 i 'd caused her enough pain , and wasted enough time fighting what i knew was already happening between us . 
 there was n't any other woman that could get to me like peyton did , and it was time she knew it . 
 `` i want us to be a real couple , baby . 
 i want you and me to work out this time . 
 i 'm done bein ' a hard ass . 
 it 's time you and me made it official . '' 
 her eyes glossed over , suddenly displaying that tender side of her that used to annoy me . 
 it was the first time that i understood why she 'd fought me so hard . 
 `` do you mean it , because if you do n't and i take this leap with you , i 'll be riskin ' my relationship with my family . 
 they ai n't goin ' to understand this at all , and they surely wo n't believe that you 've changed . 
 jamey , i want this . 
 i want to be with you more than i 've ever wanted anyone in my life , and i know you hate talkin ' about feelin 's , but i 've got to be sure . '' 
 i let my forehead press over hers and closed my eyes as i spoke . 
 `` i 'm positive . 
 i want you . 
 i want you to be my girlfriend , and i 'm ready to tell everyone about it , starting tomorrow with my boys . 
 we 're goin ' four-wheelin ' and i want you with me . '' 
 that flicker in her eyes returned and our lips met again , coaxing timelessly as we sealed our decision . 
 peyton was mine again , and this time i was n't about to f ** k things up . 
 chapter 9 peyton i could n't stop myself . 
 i had to run to him even though i knew it was a bad idea . 
 everyone was against us , which only made me want him more . 
 jamey was my weakness , my reason for fighting , my whole world . 
 i could fool myself into thinking i was happy , but given the opportunity to be with him again had only proven that i was denying the inevitable . 
 no man could get to me the way he could , and i was beyond myself with joy to hear him saying that he wanted me , and only me . 
 he picked me up and carried me back into his room , closing his door with his foot before letting us fall back down on his mattress . 
 i 'd like to say that a lot was running through my mind at that moment , but i 'd be lying . 
 there was only one thing that i was thinking about . 
 jamey . 
 i needed to be as close to him as humanly possible . 
 this was the first time that we were real ; that he was real . 
 far be it from me to dwell on little details like my family approving . 
 eventually they 'd have to give in . 
 our families were too close to have such bad blood between them . 
 sure , jamey had made some huge mistakes , and i did n't expect my brother to welcome him into our family with open arms , but at least he could have the decency to realize how utterly complete i felt when i was in his arms . 
 i 'd loved this man for too long to let him go . 
 hell or high water , i was giving this another go , with or without the approval of my family or friends . 
 jamey wasted no time removing the clothes from her body again . 
 we lay there together as if we 'd never spent a moment apart . 
 having already memorized each other 's bodies , this encounter was more emotional . 
 we 'd always shared a physical connection , and somewhere deep inside i knew that he reciprocated my feelings , but now it was apparent . 
 he may never say those three words to me , and i was going to have to be okay taking baby steps if i wanted a second chance at happiness . 
 for now i was content being in the arms of the only man i 'd ever really loved . 
 jamey pressed his lips over mine once more . 
 our tongues began to mingle together , and soon our naked make-out session had intensified . 
 he caressed my ni ** les and leaned down to take one in his mouth . 
 i felt his tongue coursing over my sensitive tips , and a shiver went down my spine . 
 tiny butterflies filled my stomach and a heat radiated between my legs . 
 slowly jamey kissed down my belly , resting his head on it as he spoke . 
 `` you 're all mine now , pey . 
 it 's how it should have been all along , baby . '' 
 he ran his hand up the side of my waist , until the palm of it cupped my breast again . 
 `` all of this belongs to me . '' 
 jamey declaring ownership over me should have been some kind of red flag , but all i heard was him telling me that i was his girl again . 
 when you 've waited as long as i had for acknowledgment , you took what you could get . 
 i lifted my head and let my fingers run through his dark , thick hair . 
 `` only if all of you belongs to me . '' 
 he moved up to face me , grabbing my chin gently and taking another kiss from my awaiting lips . 
 `` whatever you want . '' 
 it was the magic words . 
 i was pudding in his hands . 
 far be it from me to question what he was saying . 
 i wanted jamey to make up for all of the time we lost bickering and being apart . 
 finally i was to a point in my life where i was ready to stop worrying about the small details and enjoy what was right in front of me . 
 i 'd denied myself this enjoyment ; burying my feelings deep inside where nobody could find them . 
 jamey knew the truth , and the fact that he was fighting for them meant everything . 
 he flipped us around until i was straddling him . 
 i sat up and ran my own fingers over my hardened ni ** les , moaning as i continued . 
 we 'd just f ** ked , fought , and were now right back where we started . 
 i could feel his hard dick underneath of me wanting attention . 
 the sudden urgency to please him overwhelmed me . 
 it was as if i felt i needed to thank him for finally giving me what i wanted . 
 i sank down in the bed , forgetting the fact that we 'd been intimate before . 
 i did n't care if i tasted myself when i took him into my mouth . 
 it only signified the fact that he belonged to me . 
 this was n't a chase anymore . 
 i did n't have anything to prove . 
 i 'd won the battle and this was my celebration . 
 the moment i took him into my mouth , savoring his size between my lips , he started to make sounds . 
 jamey took a handful of my hair and pushed it away from my face . 
 he liked watching me suck his dick , but liked it more when i watched him doing it . 
 i used my saliva to wet his shaft , then pulled away to look at the skin glistening over it . 
 my hands began to massage his balls , and that 's when he started moving his hips ever so gently . 
 i took him into my mouth again , using one hand to stroke his shaft , while my other caressed the smooth skin underneath . 
 the faster my head bobbed the louder his groans became . 
 this episode was n't about foreplay . 
 i was n't doing this to make him hard , or to get him to pay attention to me . 
 i was doing this because i was grateful . 
 i wanted to please him in every way possible . 
 jamey , on the other hand , did n't want his load wasted in my mouth . 
 after it had become apparent that i was n't about to stop , he pulled me off of his c ** k and made me look up at him . 
 `` get your ass up here . '' 
 i started to lift my body and then realized he was n't talking about a kiss . 
 he literally wanted me to sit on his face , after we 'd already f ** ked . 
 we 'd done some dirty things together , especially after we 'd both had a few drinks in us . 
 to say that we 'd explored our sexuality together would have been an understatement . 
 if there was something to be tried , we 'd done it , probably more than either of us were willing to admit . 
 this was different . 
 we were totally sober , and it only heightened the situation . 
 as i got my body into the sixty-nine position , i prepared to get back to the task at hand . 
 jamey 's tongue in my pu ** y stopped me from being able to reciprocate . 
 i could feel his face slamming into the skin of my ass as he f ** ked me with his hardened tongue and then licked up the skin between my ass ** le and my sex . 
 the sounds he was making was as if he was savoring the taste of me , which only made me hotter , wetter , and maybe even a little embarrassed . 
 at the same time , i was completely absorbed in feeling utterly satisfied beyond belief . 
 his tongue , forcefully trudged into my pu ** y , and all i could do was stroke him . 
 i was too aware of what he was making me feel to be able to coordinate my own body into making decisions . 
 my motor skills were unable to work , especially when his tongue got even closer to my ass ** le . 
 the more he did it , the more i heard his moans . 
 feeling the vibrations of his sounds , knowing that he was doing them out of pleasure , made me lose all control . 
 i fell down over his hard c ** k and screamed out his name , as his fingers began to flick over my swollen clit . 
 instead of stopping , he continued , causing me to keep crying out into his bedroom . 
 i did n't want it to ever stop , because never in my life had i 'd ever experienced something so amazing . 
 jamey finally kissed over the cheek of my ass before sliding me on the bed beside him . 
 he came up to face me with a big grin on his face . 
 `` ai n't nobody ever goin ' to make you cum like me . '' 
 he was probably right , and it was one of the reasons that i was so crazy about him . 
 it never mattered how much of an ass ** le he was , because i knew when we were alone in his bed nothing else seemed to matter . 
 jamey stroked my hair while he waited for me to comment on our latest escapade . 
 i could see in his eyes that he felt content . 
 it was so easy for him to not worry about what would come tomorrow . 
 as much as i wished i could feel that same way , i found myself holding a guard up , always fearing the worst so that i could n't be disappointed . 
 for the rest of the night i lay next to jamey in his bed . 
 we never dressed , but that was n't unusual . 
 his mother rarely acknowledged us being there and she always knocked first . 
 jamey fell asleep soon after we 'd had sex a second time , while i stayed up thinking about everything that had conspired in the last few months . 
 my family was going to kill me for getting back together with him . 
 imagining the conversation was making my stomach feel queasy . 
 there was no easy way around it . 
 sure , i could hide the truth from them for a while , but they 'd soon wonder who i was spending all of my time with and piece it all together . 
 when it came to me and jamey i was pretty predictable . 
 that night i also thought about the fact that , as much as i wanted it to be true , i wondered if jamey meant everything he said . 
 his soft snoring reminded me of where i was , still i wondered how long it was going to last ; how long could it be good for us before it turned to shit again ? 
 how long until someone else caught his eye ? 
 could he really be faithful to me , after living his life a certain way for so long ? 
 worry overwhelmed me , and instead of being happy for myself , i dwelled on what might happen . 
 little sleep came , and an early morning alarm woke me before i was prepared for it . 
 jamey rolled over placing his limp arm over my back . 
 i rolled over and wiped off my eyes before looking in his direction . 
 a big smile washed over his face when our eyes met . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` i almost thought i was dreamin ' . 
 i mean , do n't get me wrong , i want you here , but i just could n't believe you really came over . '' 
 it was probably too early to talk about , not that i cared . 
 `` did you mean what you said last night to me ? 
 do you really want us to be a real couple ? '' 
 he rubbed his eyes , making me feel like he was annoyed by my question . 
 then quickly he looked at me with another one of his cocky smiles . 
 `` i meant every word . 
 i know you need labels , but to be honest with you , i have n't been with anyone else . 
 yeah , i may have gotten a few numbers , but i swear you were my only girl . 
 if labelin ' this gets us back together then i know it has to be done . 
 i 'm not messin ' around anymore , pey . 
 i want you to be my girlfriend again , and if i have to beg i will . '' 
 he 'd surprised me again . 
 i 'd swore that he was sleeping around on me , denying me that `` girlfriend '' title because he knew it would blow up in his face . 
 the fact that i 'd been the only one changed everything . 
 suddenly all of my worries from the night before had vanished . 
 i climbed on top of my boyfriend , bad breath and all , and placed a big kiss over his lips . 
 he pulled away acting like my breath was horrendous . 
 even if it was , i could tell he was teasing me . 
 `` you know i want this , jamey . 
 it 's all i 've ever wanted from you . 
 i 've never stopped lovin ' you . 
 i hope you know that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the feelin 's mutual . 
 i know i do n't say it , but i 'm crazy about you , baby . '' 
 `` are you goin ' to be mad if i do n't want to tell my family for a while ? '' 
 the last thing i wanted to do was piss him off . 
 `` nah . 
 i do n't really feel like kickin ' your brother 's ass anyways . '' 
 we both laughed , but deep inside i knew that jamey was no match for my brother shayne . 
 given the opportunity i knew shayne could not only take him , but hurt him pretty bad . 
 `` i still ca n't believe this is happenin ' . 
 i mean , just yesterday we were n't talkin ' . '' 
 `` i want you to move back in here . '' 
 `` you do n't think it 's too soon ? '' 
 `` it ai n't like we 're just gettin ' to know each other , pey . 
 i want you next to me at night . 
 that f ** kin ' cold spot do n't sit right with me . '' 
 he motioned towards my side of the bed making me blush . 
 `` now , get your pretty ass up and put on some of my old sweats . 
 you 're goin ' to get dirty as shit today on the back of my four-wheeler . 
 do n't even worry about doin ' your hair . 
 we 'll wash it tonight when we get home . '' 
 i hopped off of the bed . 
 `` deal . '' 
 after rummaging through his drawers , like i was so used to doing before , i found some old clothes that i knew he would n't get upset over if they got ruined , and put them on . 
 while getting ready jamey made sure to be extra affectionate with me . 
 when we brushed our teeth together he mimicked my technique and kept winking at me , showing me those sexy eyes of his . 
 to be honest , i was in awe of him , never once considering how hard it was going to be to explain our relationship to my family . 
 a honk of a horn let us both know that our ride had arrived . 
 jamey smacked me lightly on my backside before hustling down the stairs to greet his friends . 
 i say his friends , because even though we grew up with them , they were n't exactly keen about jamey being with me , or anyone for that matter . 
 in fact , for the longest time i swore they were his alibi so that he could hook up with other random chicks . 
 they acted shady , and sometimes even flirty with me , as if jamey would have been willing to share me with them . 
 the idea of being left in a room alone with any of them made my skin crawl , because i could n't ever tell what their true intentions were . 
 as i made my way down the stairs i heard jamey talking to them . 
 the sound of the four-wheeler starting let me know that he was loading it onto the trailer . 
 i grabbed soda out of the refrigerator and headed towards the back door . 
 a female voice stopped me dead in my tracks . 
 `` peyton ? '' 
 i turned around prepared to face jamey 's mother . 
 `` hi . 
 it 's been a long time . '' 
 she cocked her eyebrow , staring with a not-so-amused stare . 
 `` what are you doin ' in my kitchen ? '' 
 `` i spent the night here last night with jam - . '' 
 she did n't let me finish . 
 her hand went up in the air and i froze in place . 
 `` just wait a cotton-pickin ' minute . 
 you mean to tell me that after everything you put my son through you have the nerve to come back into my house and sleep in my son 's bed ? '' 
 `` with all due respect , mrs. billings , i did n't do anything to your son . 
 he did that all to himself . '' 
 `` not another word , peyton . 
 you may have my son fooled , but i 'm wise to this game you 're playin ' . 
 do n't you dare think you 're movin ' back in here . 
 over my dead body ! '' 
 i could feel the tears welling up in my eyes , but not just because her words were hurtful . 
 it was more so that i knew my family was going to reacted ten times worse than this woman was . 
 my lips began to tremble as i replied to her . 
 `` i am in love with your son . 
 that 's never changed . 
 you may not believe me , but it 's the god 's honest truth . 
 jamey 's invited me to move back in with him , and i said y - . '' 
 the woman whipped past me and pulled open the storm door . 
 `` jamey billings , get your ass in here right now ! '' 
 i stood against the cabinets and watched him come into the house with a smile on his face . 
 it dissipated after taking one look at his mother . 
 `` mom , i can explain . '' 
 he already knew what she was going to say , which could only mean that she 'd talked to him about being with me before . 
 it was another blow to my heart . 
 `` you better start , because i 'm not understandin ' that you 'd invite this girl back into your bed , not after her breakin ' your heart and havin ' you locked up . '' 
 `` mom , it was n't even like that and you know it . 
 peyton did n't make me drink . 
 she certainly did n't put a set of keys in my hand , or force me to act like an ass to an officer of the law . 
 i did all of that on my own . 
 give her a break , will ya ? '' 
 their voices continued to get louder . 
 i had a choice to make , and since it was making me so over-emotional i chose to take the high road and walk out of the house . 
 tensions were too high to be caught in the crossfires of that woman and her son . 
 from the moment i stepped out the door and jamey 's friends saw me i wondered if the kitchen was going to be safer than where i was headed . 
 `` he 'll be out in a minute . '' 
 they were ducked down fastening the straps to hold the four-wheeler on the trailer as one of them spoke . 
 `` sounds like she 's pissed . '' 
 `` she 's mad about me . 
 jamey invited me to move back in with him last night . 
 she just found out . '' 
 a part of me liked rubbing in that we were back together . 
 as upset as i felt , that made my heart start beating faster . 
 `` maybe it ai n't such a good idea . '' 
 i was half-tempted to walk around the vehicle , find out who was saying it , and kick them in the balls . 
 `` jamey wants us to be together , and so do i. i do n't care what anyone else thinks about it . '' 
 i heard them snickering something , it was certainly about me , but meant so that i could n't hear . 
 a slam of a door caught my attention and jamey came walking up to the truck . 
 `` y ' all ready to go ? '' 
 `` you sure you 're done with your momma ? '' 
 they teased . 
 `` fuck you , and f ** k her . 
 if i listened to ya 'll then i 'd never have my girl back . '' 
 i felt his hand grabbing and squeezing mine . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's not let my mother ruin our day . 
 we 're goin ' to have fun . 
 i promise . '' 
 i trusted that jamey believed that whole-heartedly he was doing the right things and that we could have a chance to be happy again . 
 after all , he 'd invited me to do something that i 'd never been able to do with him before . 
 the idea of it was exciting , and i knew i could n't let her or anyone else get to me . 
 `` we do n't have room for your girl , dude . '' 
 i tried to look through the back tinted windows as he spoke . 
 seeing as there were two guys , and jamey would have to sit in the back , i knew there was still a seat . 
 then jamey grabbed my hand and squeezed it . 
 `` we 'll just follow you in my car . 
 it 's not a big deal . 
 i invited my girl , and she 's comin ' with me . '' 
 feeling content , i did n't even think about the other person in the truck , not until we started on our way there and jamey got quiet . 
 `` do you know who the other person is ? '' 
 i thought it was a simple question . 
 `` no clue , baby . 
 who knows with those two . 
 they probably picked up some douche off the street . 
 it does n't even matter . 
 you and i , we 're goin ' to have a good time , right ? '' 
 i wrapped my arm under his and leaned closer to him . 
 `` yep . '' 
 our relationship was off to a perfect start and i was so optimistic that this time it was going to be different . 
 chapter 10 jamey being with peyton again had made me happier than i 'd been in a long time . 
 the argument with my mother was n't over , but i was damn sure that she was n't going to come in between us . 
 when i stepped inside of the kitchen and saw the look on my mom 's face i could tell she was more than pissed to see peyton in her house . 
 she 'd somehow come to blame my being with peyton with me going to jail . 
 honestly , i understood how a parent would want to place the blame on someone else . 
 the thing was , i got myself into that situation , because i 'd been stupid . 
 it was my fault that peyton and i broke up , and my fault that i 'd landed in jail . 
 through it all i knew that i 'd hurt them both . 
 somehow i was going to have to get them to see that they were the most important people in my life and they 'd have to get along . 
 plus we still had her family to face . 
 if my mother could n't accept peyton and i , then her family sure as hell was n't going to give it a single thought . 
 i knew who was in the back of that truck . 
 just imagining peyton 's face when she saw ang get out was going to ruin our day together . 
 it was like no matter how hard i was trying to include her and change my ways , something was preventing it from going easy . 
 i drove behind my friends contemplating turning around the whole time . 
 i guess i should have thought out the decision to include her , but in my defense i had n't seen ang in a long time . 
 it had been even longer than that since we 'd hooked up . 
 sure , i could have f ** ked her while i was with peyton this last time around , but i had n't and that had to count for something . 
 it still did n't make me feel any better about what was going to happen when peyton saw that a chick was with us . 
 i had to keep my cool and act like it was n't a big deal . 
 if she got wind of me having history with ang everything i 'd done to get her back would turn to shit . 
 i turned to look over at peyton in the seat next to me . 
 her long blonde hair blew as the breeze came in from the window . 
 the hair stood up on my arms when i thought about the night we 'd shared together . 
 having her back in bed was only half of my battle . 
 i had to be a better man ; one that was willing to admit that i wanted a relationship . 
 i needed to be considerate of her feelings , and put her first before anyone else . 
 inevitably i 'd known all along that it would come to this . 
 peyton had always been different for me . 
 i think i only fought with her about it because i did n't want to admit it to myself . 
 like my brother , the bad-boy image was something i tried to live up to . 
 i 'd watched him toss chicks to the side without regret . 
 it was n't until he met lacey that everything changed for him . 
 at first i thought he was crazy for falling for her . 
 i mean , he had a perfect life . 
 then , all of a sudden , he was messed up in the head and miserable . 
 it was n't until they got back together that i saw the difference . 
 he was happy ; happier than i 'd ever seen him . 
 my mother was proud , and for the first time i understood why . 
 then i fought with myself over it . 
 did i really want to admit that i was wrong ? 
 of course not . 
 losing peyton was like losing control of my life . 
 the more i tried to move forward the further toward the downward spiral i got . 
 i squeezed her hand to half remind myself that she was really in the vehicle next to me . 
 `` you look sexy . '' 
 she giggled and looked away , out the window . 
 `` stop it . 
 i did n't even have time to wash my face . 
 my hair is a knotted up mess of a ponytail , and i 'm wearin ' your clothes . '' 
 `` you could n't look like shit if you tried . 
 have you seen yourself in the mirror ? 
 damn , the only thing that kept me straight while i was locked up was bein ' able to think about you the whole time . '' 
 peyton turned to face me . 
 `` you thought about me that much ? '' 
 seeing that she was intrigued , i knew my answer meant a ton . 
 `` yeah , i did . 
 did n't you think about me ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 honestly , i was trying to get over you . 
 you hurt me , and i knew i had to move forward . '' 
 it was a punch to the gut . 
 `` damn do n't get all honest on me now . 
 you know how to bruise an ego , that 's for sure . '' 
 she nestled her head against the side of my arm . 
 `` it 's not because it 's what i wanted , jamey . 
 you gave me no choice . 
 we were headed down a terrible road . 
 one of us had to be adult about it . '' 
 `` true , but you could have missed me a little more . '' 
 `` i missed you a lot , '' she admitted . 
 `` i thought about you all the time , and worried . 
 the last thing i wanted was for you to go to jail . 
 i felt like it was all my fault , especially how we left things . '' 
 i shook my head while still looking forward . 
 `` it was n't your fault , pey . 
 i was f ** ked up . 
 you had me all messed up . 
 i was a fool for not bein ' a better boyfriend . 
 you have to understand that i do n't know the first thing about relationships . 
 well , i know how to f ** k them up , obviously , but that 's it . '' 
 `` we need to start over , if that 's even possible . '' 
 `` what 's that mean ? '' 
 right away i was worried . 
 `` we need a clean slate , jamey . 
 dwellin ' on the past ai n't goin ' to get us anywhere . 
 we have to get past everything that happened , because if we ca n't do that , than neither will our families . 
 seriously , if we want this to work , we 've got to try harder and pretend that it 's a whole new relationship . 
 we 've got to promise to get over the past . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 you 're absolutely right . 
 nobody is goin ' to take us seriously unless we can prove without a doubt that we 've changed . '' 
 she hugged my arm tighter . 
 `` have we changed ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to think we have . '' 
 `` so no more lies ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` none . 
 i promise . 
 you know everything . '' 
 `` then we 're off to a new start . '' 
 even though i knew peyton meant what she was saying a part of me knew that it was n't going to last forever . 
 that 's why when we pulled up behind my buddy 's truck i hesitated before getting out . 
 the moment i saw ang jump out , i turned all of my attention to peyton . 
 she could n't see me freaking out . 
 at first peyton was too busy getting out and tending to me . 
 she disliked my friends enough to not care what they were doing just feet from us . 
 i walked up to the trailer and began to unfasten my four-wheeler . 
 with my focus on getting my atv off the trailer before anyone else , i was n't looking around to see where ang was . 
 i should have been prepared for them to see one another . 
 call me a coward , but i ignored the fact that i could hear ang talking to me . 
 i sighed and looked toward the sound of her voice . 
 `` who 's this , jamey ? '' 
 i stood up and looked over at peyton , standing there wondering the same thing about the girl with the jersey accent . 
 `` this is my girlfriend , peyton . '' 
 i watched as ang gave peyton a once over . 
 she reacted by raising her brow and doing the same thing back . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 ang , being the way she was , turned back to me and smiled . 
 `` why do n't you ask your boyfriend . '' 
 i could n't believe she was going to be a bitch the first five minutes of being around us . 
 `` ang is turk 's cousin . 
 she 's just here visitin ' . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm attending salisbury university . 
 you 're going to be seeing a lot more of me , jamey . 
 in fact i was thinking that maybe one night we could hang out like we used to . '' 
 she was messing with peyton on purpose , ruining my first day back together with her . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 as you can see , i 've got a girlfriend . '' 
 ang started to walk away . 
 `` it never stopped you before . '' 
 she was playing off my prior indiscretion and it was pissing me off , so much that i could have shoved her down on the ground , had i been willing to hit a girl . 
 `` like i said , no thanks . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 ang finally walked back to the front of her cousin 's truck . 
 knowing that i already had to get peyton calmed down , i pulled my four-wheeler off the vehicle and started it up . 
 while turning to wait for peyton to jump on behind me i caught a glimpse of her displease with what had just transpired . 
 obviously she was curious , and i was going to have to come up with something creative if i wanted to end this day as a couple . 
 after peyton finally got on , we sped away . 
 i was n't about to wait for all of them to follow us . 
 the trails that we rode on were so long with many different turns to take . 
 i knew i could lose them without a real effort . 
 peyton clung to my back as i rode hard over the rough terrain , jumping over low spots and splashing through puddles . 
 once we 'd been riding for a good half hour , i pulled off to a grassy area and turned off the engine . 
 peyton slipped down from the atv and jumped right in my shit . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 `` i told you about her a long time ago . 
 she used to come ridin ' with us . 
 it 's no big deal , baby . '' 
 `` i saw the way she looked at you , jamey . 
 that 's not what nothin ' looks like . '' 
 i walked toward her , breaking the little distance between us . 
 `` i promise you that there 's nothin ' between that chick and me . 
 she 's just bein ' a bitch because she do n't know you . 
 who am i here with , because i 'm pretty damn sure it ai n't her . '' 
 peyton shook her head , second guessing herself . 
 `` sorry . 
 i guess it 's goin ' to take me a while to learn how to trust you . 
 can you forgive me ? '' 
 it made me feel guilty , but at the same time , i knew that in this case she was wrong . 
 ang was nothing to me . 
 there was n't anything about her that even compared to my feelings for peyton . 
 `` we 're cool . 
 how about we sit over here and rest for a while . '' 
 peyton walked over to a grassy spot and plopped down on the ground . 
 i swooped in behind her , pulling her back against my chest . 
 `` it 's pretty here . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i seem to like it too . 
 the stream over there is cool . 
 sometimes the deer come over to drink while i 'm here chillin ' . 
 i do n't think anyone hunts this property , so it 's full of them . 
 we used to come out here to drink after ridin ' , but i do n't mess around with those jokers that much anymore . 
 today 's the first time in a while that i 've even seen them . '' 
 peyton played with my fingers as she spoke to me . 
 i appreciated her being with me , and valued whatever she had to say . 
 `` i used to wish you would n't hang out with them anymore . 
 they 've been trouble since we were all in school . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 they were always trying to get me do shady things for fun . 
 i got why peyton disliked them so much . 
 `` i wanted you to come with me today so you could see that when i went out i was n't doin ' nothin ' wrong . 
 this is fun for me , ridin ' and sittin ' back enjoyin ' the sunshine . '' 
 `` you sound almost poetic , '' she laughed as she spoke . 
 `` did those weeks in jail change you ? '' 
 `` they were enlightening indeed , '' i replied . 
 `` really it was n't so bad . 
 minimum security . 
 we watched television , played basketball , lifted weights , and even had internet time . 
 it was more like i was being punished in my room as a kid , just the food was shitty , and my mattress sucked . '' 
 `` did you have a cellmate ? '' 
 `` we were n't really in cells . 
 it was more like a large room with sectioned cubes . 
 there were four beds in each part and the top was all open . 
 the people i bunked with were n't hard criminals . 
 most were in for drug possession , or petty crimes . 
 bein ' in there gave me time to think . 
 it gave me a chance to realize what i 'd been doin ' wrong . '' 
 `` honestly , jamey , bein ' away from you gave me time to think too . 
 i started goin ' to college , and i really like it . '' 
 `` you also started datin ' someone . '' 
 i 'd waited long enough to ask about it . 
 the fact that there was another guy in her life , that she refused to talk about , bothered me . 
 if he was just a friend she would have spoken about him by now , and she certainly had n't . 
 `` tell me more about him . 
 did you let him into your pants ? '' 
 she pushed away from me and stood up , putting her hands on her hips as she spoke . 
 `` we said we were startin ' fresh . 
 besides , he 's more of a friend anyway . 
 he 's helped me , and i enjoy spendin ' time with him and his daughter . '' 
 `` daughter ? 
 is he a professor ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 of course not . 
 he 's a business owner who lost his wife tragically a while back . 
 he 's raisin ' his little girl alone . '' 
 `` my hero , '' i announced sarcastically . 
 `` shut up . 
 you sound like you 're jealous . 
 i thought that was n't possible . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' i lied . 
 `` just makin ' light of the situation . 
 obviously the guy uses his daughter to get pu ** y . 
 it 's the oldest trick in the book . '' 
 peyton pointed toward me . 
 `` you do n't know him . 
 he 's nothin ' like that . '' 
 `` whatever ! '' 
 i threw up my hands realizing how pissed she was becoming . 
 `` do n't get your panties all bunched up . '' 
 `` it 's not like you have any room to talk . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` you slept with her , did n't you , jamey ? '' 
 `` with who ? '' 
 i played dumb . 
 `` angie . 
 that chick i just met . 
 i could tell she was hot for you , and you were avoiding her like she had a disease . 
 i 'm not stupid . '' 
 `` i never said you were . '' 
 `` tell me the truth . 
 have you ever slept with that chick ? '' 
 i knew i should have been honest . 
 i should have just told her that we had a fling a long time ago , and done my best to convince her that it was never going to happen again , but peyton was hard-headed . 
 she was n't going to believe me , and trust was out of the question . 
 so i did what i thought was right . 
 `` no . 
 i 've never slept with that slut . 
 it pisses me off that you 'd even think it . 
 i have standards you know . '' 
 my girlfriend looked down at the ground . 
 the guilt had returned , and i felt bad immediately . 
 `` i had to ask . '' 
 `` i 'm not mad . 
 will you please come back down here and lay with me ? 
 i invited you here to be close to you , not argue about some dude , and a chick i do n't give two flyin ' fucks about . 
 she pursued me , by the way , if you wanted to know . '' 
 more lies to add to the pile . 
 next i would be sent to jail for being a con-artist . 
 my mother would be so proud . 
 peyton tackled me , throwing us both down on the course grass beneath me . 
 her lips were suddenly on mine , and nothing else mattered . 
 the more lies i told the crappier i felt . 
 it also made me paranoid that something bad was going to happen . 
 that 's why i had to savor every moment with peyton . 
 i was going to have to be a better person if i wanted a chance , because so far i was only giving her more reasons to be without me . 
 chapter 11 peyton we spent the next hour making love , in the clearing , not caring about anyone coming up and spying on us . 
 all i wanted was to be close to jamey . 
 knowing the judgment was right around the corner , i wanted to savor every second of peace we had together . 
 while my mind was in a million places , my main focus was on my inability to trust jamey . 
 for some reason i felt like he 'd been lying to me about ang . 
 even after he 'd reassured me , i just had this feeling like it was n't the whole truth . 
 it was n't until later that i would find out exactly what it was . 
 we 'd spent a while alone , ignoring the fact that his friends were somewhere around . 
 it was lunch time before we realized that the morning had gotten away from us . 
 since i 'd left my phone in the car , i had n't even paid attention to it like i normally did . 
 it felt as if time stood still when i was with jamey . 
 we heard an atv approaching and quickly put all of our clothes back on before it came into view . 
 jamey never moved from his seated position on the ground . 
 angie came into play , making my stomach turn when i saw her eying up my boyfriend . 
 she was everything that i was n't with her dark hair and those big brown eyes and a curvy body that left little to the imagination . 
 i could immediately see why any man would find her easy on the eyes . 
 what made me uneasy was knowing that my guy was probably one of them . 
 she walked right up to us , as if she had n't gotten a privacy vibe from the two of us being hidden away from the rest of the group . 
 `` we were all talking about going somewhere for lunch . 
 are you all hungry , or did you just want to stay here doing whatever it was that you were doing ? '' 
 i hated her accent . 
 she made me feel like she could have been one of those reality characters from that new jersey beach show . 
 her words had attitude attached to them , and i hated the way she stared at jamey as she spoke . 
 `` what do you want to do , pey ? 
 it 's up to you . '' 
 i shrugged and looked down at my hands as i spoke . 
 `` i 'm a little hungry . '' 
 jamey stood up and held his hand out to help me stand . 
 he kept holding me even as i got my footing . 
 `` let 's go feed you . '' 
 jamey climbed on the four-wheeler before speaking directly to angie . 
 `` we 'll meet you back at the gate . '' 
 we pulled away leaving her standing there all alone . 
 i could n't help but look back and watch her looking at us . 
 that vibe was back again , and i knew i was going to have to go to the source if i wanted to clear my conscience . 
 i needed to know for sure that jamey was being honest to me . 
 after loading up the atv 's jamey climbed in the vehicle beside me and started it up . 
 `` you havin ' fun so far ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , but we have n't done much ridin ' today . 
 i mean , we were naked for most of it . '' 
 we both began to laugh as we followed behind his friends in the truck . 
 `` so , how long have you known ang ? '' 
 `` for a while i guess . 
 she comes to visit her family every summer . 
 why are you askin ' about her ? '' 
 `` she 's pretty . '' 
 `` i have n't noticed . '' 
 he was lying . 
 jamey always noticed . 
 it made me wonder why he was n't telling me the truth about her . 
 `` jamey , seriously , if you hooked up with the girl you need to tell me the truth . 
 we said no secrets . '' 
 he pulled the vehicle over and looked out of his window for a second before looking at me . 
 `` i told you before . 
 i never hooked up with that crazy bitch . 
 just drop it already . '' 
 he was irritated with me , and maybe i should have backed off , i just could n't . 
 we made it to a food place a few minutes later , and since we 'd been outside in the dirt , i decided to go wash my hands before even ordering something to eat . 
 after using the restroom i stood at the sink primping my hair while looking in the mirror . 
 it was hard imagining jamey finding me attractive . 
 my hair was a rat 's nest , not to mention that i had n't put on any makeup before we left the house . 
 unlike ang , who was wearing a whole stick of eyeliner when i 'd seen her , i was plain with nothing on . 
 when the bathroom door opened up i knew right away who had come in . 
 her long black hair was up in a ponytail as she approached the vanity . 
 i watched as she pulled out the hair-tie and put it around her wrist . 
 `` if i were you i would n't leave your boyfriend unattended . 
 you never know when someone else might catch his eye . '' 
 i was n't taking her shit any longer . 
 she may have thought she was getting one over on me , but she was messing with the wrong girl . 
 i shoved her and walked forward breaking the distance from where we both stood . 
 `` what is your problem ? '' 
 she came right back at me . 
 `` you are , you country-fried-hoe . '' 
 i pushed her harder , causing her to fall down on the hard floor . 
 she stood up and came at me , grabbing my hair first . 
 i jabbed her in the side and felt her let go . 
 while holding my fist back ready to attack she put up her hands . 
 i knew i was then in control of the situation . 
 `` i 'm not a hoe . 
 you do n't know nothin ' about me . '' 
 `` i know more than you think . '' 
 `` screw you . 
 you 're just jealous because i 'm with jamey . 
 i 've seen how you look at him , and you 're just pissed he do n't want you . '' 
 `` honey , i 've already been there and done that , plenty of times . 
 it is n't anything to write home about . '' 
 she flipped her hair before backing further away from me . 
 i froze . 
 he 'd lied to me . 
 the truth was written across her face . 
 she was being honest about sleeping with my boyfriend , and there was only one thing left to do . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` when what ? '' 
 she crossed her arms and refused to look me in the eyes . 
 `` when was the last time you were together ? '' 
 `` four days ago . '' 
 she waited to watch me respond before continuing . 
 `` yeah , that 's what i thought . 
 you thought you were special , did n't you ? 
 let me just tell you that he 's taken me to that same spot he took you today plenty of times . 
 he 's told me i was his girl , and promised me things too . 
 the only thing special about you is that you 've been written into his little black book . '' 
 i could feel the tears welling up in my eyes . 
 she 'd not only been with my boyfriend , but recently . 
 i wanted to not only kill him , but throw up at the same time . 
 this skanky chick had probably slept in the same bed that we were together in last night . 
 the ill feeling only intensifies as she kept talking . 
 `` aw , do n't cry . 
 it 's not your fault that he likes to mess around , well maybe it is . 
 i mean , if you were good enough he would n't have to come to me to be satisfied . '' 
 i swung at her again , this time having someone grab my arm before my fist could make contact with the over-made face . 
 jamey was holding me and screaming at her the same time . 
 `` get the f ** k away from her , bitch . '' 
 `` fuck you , jamey . 
 she needed to know the truth . '' 
 next her cousin came into the bathroom and yanked her outside before i could gather my thoughts enough to respond . 
 my next move was to get free from jamey . 
 with one swift pull i was facing him . 
 my tears were apparent , and i did n't even worry about hiding my emotions . 
 jamey already knew he was screwed . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he was acting as if he had no clue . 
 `` how could you sleep with her ? 
 you lied right to my face , you son-of-a-bitch . '' 
 `` pey , wait . 
 it was a long time ago . '' 
 he came at me as he spoke , and all i could do was push him away . 
 `` get off of me . 
 you 're nothin ' but a liar . 
 i 'm a fool for trustin ' you , jamey . 
 you 'll never change . '' 
 `` pey , please . 
 i know i did n't tell you about her , but it was a long time ago , i 'm tellin ' you the truth , dammit . '' 
 `` screw you . 
 go f ** k yourself . 
 i will never believe another word out of your mouth , do you hear me ? 
 we 're done , forever . 
 i hate you ! 
 i wish i never knew you . '' 
 in my defense i had to lash out . 
 he 'd betrayed me again , and this time it was as if i was being stabbed directly in my heart . 
 while bawling , i ran out of the restaurant and started walking down the road . 
 jamey chased after me , pleading and screaming at the same time . 
 the closer he got the faster i moved . 
 `` baby , wait up ! '' 
 i turned around . 
 `` i 'm not your baby . 
 i 'm not your anything . 
 get it through your head . 
 last night was a mistake . 
 my brother was right about you . 
 they were all right about you . '' 
 one glance into his eyes left me in more pain . 
 he seemed so sincere , and a part of me wanted to fall into his arms and forget about the fight . 
 desperately i trekked on , reaching into my purse for my phone . 
 i called the one person who i knew would n't judge me ; the one person who i could count on . 
 wayne answered on the second ring . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` wayne , it 's me . 
 can you please come pick me up ? '' 
 i could hear jamey in the background . 
 `` oh that 's real nice . 
 we have one fight and you call your other boyfriend . 
 what the f ** k , pey ? '' 
 `` screw you . 
 get out of my face . 
 go back to the restaurant and buy your new york slut lunch . '' 
 `` she 's from new jersey . '' 
 `` i do n't give a shit . 
 go away , or i 'll call the police and tell them you assaulted me . '' 
 it was a threat that i was willing to make considering the circumstances . 
 `` pey , please do n't do this . 
 you 're makin ' a mistake . '' 
 `` my only mistake was lovin ' you , jamey . '' 
 `` you do n't mean that . '' 
 he looked so hurt . 
 i swallowed back more tears and looked away , turning my attention back to my phone . 
 `` wayne , are you still there ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what 's going on , peyton ? '' 
 i looked at jamey when i responded to wayne . 
 `` i made a huge mistake , and now i just need to get away from it , before something bad happens . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'll text you the name of the restaurant and the address . '' 
 `` i 'll be there shortly . 
 hang tight and do n't do anything stupid . '' 
 i sent the text message before looking over at jamey . 
 he 'd sat down on the curb and had his hands covering his face . 
 when he heard me not talking anymore he looked up at me . 
 he was n't crying , not that i ever expected to see the day that that would happen , but he definitely looked saddened . 
 `` please hear me out . 
 it 's not what you think . 
 i have n't been with anyone else since we 've been together . 
 i get why you 're mad , but it was a long time ago . 
 pey , please do n't do this to us . 
 we were startin ' over . 
 do n't walk away now . '' 
 `` i ca n't even look at you without wantin ' to kick the shit out of you . 
 i know you were with her the other night . 
 she told me herself . 
 i ca n't believe a single word out of your lyin ' mouth . 
 we 're done . 
 do you hear me , jamey ? 
 we 're through , forever . 
 get it through your thick skull and leave me be . 
 i do n't want to see that you tried to contact me . 
 i just want you out of my life , for good this time . '' 
 `` i 've changed . 
 i 'm bein ' honest . '' 
 `` you do n't know how to be honest . 
 i thought you loved me . 
 i believed it this time . 
 how could i have been so completely blind ? '' 
 `` i do , pey . 
 you mean everythin ' to me . '' 
 i swung my purse around and hit him with it . 
 `` shut up or i 'm callin ' my brother . 
 i ca n't do this with you anymore . 
 i hurts too damn much . 
 please , if you ever gave a shit about me , you 'll walk away and leave me alone . '' 
 i started to really cry , so hard that i was shaking . 
 his hands touched my arms and i jerked away , bawling harder , if that was even possible . 
 my heart was n't just broken this time . 
 i knew that we were through , and it was for good . 
 my hopes of reconciling with jamey were over , and i 'd been left with nothing but emptiness inside . 
 he 'd betrayed me in the worst way . 
 no matter how much i wished i could forgive him , i knew it was way too late for that . 
 we were over . 
 even though he had nothing left worth saying , jamey did n't leave my side . 
 he continued to beg and plead , trying desperately to convince me that angie was the liar , not him . 
 when i could see wayne 's car approaching in the distance i stood up and brushed off my butt from sitting on the curb . 
 jamey stood up and noticed that my ride was pulling in . 
 `` pey , do n't this to me . 
 please . 
 i mean what i said to you . 
 you 're different . 
 you 've always been special to me . 
 i want you in my life . '' 
 as wayne pulled the car up to where i stood i shoved jamey away . 
 the door opened and i turned to look at him one last time . 
 `` goodbye , jamey . 
 i hope your dick falls off . '' 
 in the passenger mirror i could see him watching us pull away . 
 my heart broke even more seeing the despair in his eyes . 
 wayne saw me and continued to drive as he badgered me for answers . 
 `` what were you doing with him , peyton ? 
 you told me that you were through with him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it was irrational , and pretty stupid . 
 you do n't have to remind me . 
 i just wanted to believe that he 'd changed . 
 he told me that he wanted another chance . '' 
 i cried harder , imagining never being in his arms again . 
 last night had been different , and somehow i knew it was going to be harder to let him go this time around . 
 i had to do it though , because i could n't degrade myself anymore than i already had . 
 `` can we go back to your house ? 
 i do n't feel like seeing my family today . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i wiped my eyes and looked in the visor mirror . 
 `` i 'm pathetic . '' 
 wayne reached over and put his hand over mine as he drove . 
 `` you 're human , peyton . 
 you love him . 
 that does n't make you pathetic . 
 it shows how forgiving you are . 
 look , i do n't know that guy back there , but he 's a fool for taking you for granted . 
 if you were my girlfriend i 'd appreciate you , and cherish our time together . '' 
 i looked toward wayne and smiled . 
 if he was hitting on me i was n't getting that vibe . 
 this was him being a genuine friend , caring about my feelings more than he needed to . 
 `` thanks for sayin ' that . 
 i 'm a mess right now . 
 i think after i get a nice , hot shower i 'll feel better . 
 i just want to put this day behind me and move on . 
 if i never see that man again it will be too soon . '' 
 after we pulled up at his house i started to relax . 
 jamey would n't be able to find me . 
 in fact nobody would . 
 i was safe and with someone who would make sure i did n't pick up that phone and call the one person that i knew i should n't want to talk to . 
 the hot shower felt amazing , but it did n't take away the heartbreak . 
 i longed to understand why jamey was fighting so hard for me to stay , when all the other times he 'd just let me . 
 something was off about the whole ordeal . 
 the more i thought about jamey the harder i cried . 
 it got so bad that i heard the bathroom door open . 
 without even thinking about the repercussions i opened the curtain and saw wayne standing there with a towel spread out in his hands . 
 i turned off the water and stepped out , falling against him as he wrapped me in it . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry to put this on you . 
 i did n't know who else to call . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head and led me into his bedroom . 
 after sitting me down he went into his dresser and pulled out some clothes for me to put on . 
 `` i 'll be in the living room when you 're dressed . '' 
 he 'd seen me totally naked just then and never said a word about it . 
 if i did n't know that he was married before i 'd wonder if he was g * y. surely he noticed everything i had to offer , yet his eyes never left my face . 
 i could n't believe that there was a man out there that would n't at least peek . 
 after putting on clean clothes i curled up in bed and sobbed . 
 i could hear wayne tending to his daughter , abigail , and knew that he was giving me space . 
 i closed my eyes succumbing to my own exhaustion , relieved that my body was giving up , so i 'd be spared time to not have to think or hurt . 
 i 'd got myself into this situation , and i was determined that i 'd get myself out of it . 
 chapter 12 jamey it was just a little lie , nothing so horrible that it would have left me feeling the way i was . 
 after seeing her pull away from the curb i went inside to deal with bitch that had just ruined my chance of being with peyton . 
 ang sat at a table ordering food with a smile on her face . 
 her cousin saw me coming first , not saying anything as i approached and placed my hands firmly down on the table between them . 
 `` give us a second , miss . '' 
 the waitress nodded and walked away , followed by my buddies , who obviously did n't want to be any part of my conversation . 
 `` what the f ** k is wrong with you ? '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she reached over and touched my hand with hers . 
 i pulled away disgusted . 
 `` keep your f ** kin ' hands away from me , bitch . 
 do you have any idea what you just did ? '' 
 she laughed again and bit down on her lip . 
 `` aw , are you really going to stand there and pretend that she meant something to you ? 
 come on jamey , we both know how you roll . 
 that chick was a dime a dozen when it comes to you , and you know it . 
 stop trying to kid yourself . 
 if it 's pu ** y you want , i can give you good time . 
 remember how fun it was when we got together ? '' 
 `` look , cunt . '' 
 i 'd had it with this chick . 
 she deserved the name . 
 `` that girl that you just started somethin' with was my girlfriend . 
 she was n't some slut that i picked up to bang . 
 she means somethin' to me , and now she thinks i cheated on her . 
 the fact that you can sit there thinkin ' i would want to f ** k you again is beyond me , because i ca n't f ** kin ' stand to look at you . '' 
 i could see her confidence vanishing . 
 she looked down at the table and played with her hands . 
 `` i thought you liked me . 
 you know we always have a good time . '' 
 `` that was a long time ago . 
 shit has changed , ang . 
 i 'm with someone . 
 well i was before you f ** ked it to hell . '' 
 `` i can make it up to you . '' 
 she looked at me with this spark , as if i was going to fall to my knees and beg her to make my anger go away . 
 little did she know that it was taking everything i had not to strangle her . 
 `` how ? 
 are you goin ' to call her and tell her that i never cheated ? 
 that 's what it 's goin ' to take to win peyton back . 
 she 's done with me now . 
 in fact , i doubt she 'd even listen to you . 
 somehow you 're goin ' to make this right for me . '' 
 ang stood up , showing the person that i knew she was . 
 her attitude was apparent . 
 `` you think i 'm just going to tell her the truth ? 
 you 've got another thing coming . 
 i wo n't help you get her back , jamey , because i do n't want her to have you . '' 
 i ran my hand through my hair and turned to let out an air-filled sigh . 
 `` you 've got to be kiddin ' me . 
 you think i 'd want you ? 
 there 's not a chance for that ever happenin ' . '' 
 `` you 'll change your mind . 
 you always do . '' 
 she seemed convinced . 
 i bunched up my face . 
 `` are you f ** kin ' kiddin ' me right now ? 
 you 're makin ' this shit about you ? '' 
 `` you and i are the same . 
 we were both put on this earth to have a good time . 
 come on , jamey . 
 you know i 'm right . 
 you and i are n't capable of settling down . 
 we ca n't be with just one person , not in a monogamous way . 
 sex is like a drug to us . 
 we need it . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're wrong . 
 i 'm not that guy anymore . '' 
 angie began to laugh , so loudly that it was obnoxious . 
 `` give me a break . 
 you ca n't change . 
 it 's in your blood . '' 
 `` stop wastin ' my f ** kin ' time . '' 
 i pulled out my cell phone and started the record process . 
 `` say you were lyin ' . 
 tell peyton that it was all a ploy . 
 tell the f ** kin ' truth . '' 
 she leaned forward and drug her lips over my phone as she spoke . 
 i do n't know whether she really believed in herself , or if she was just bat-shit insane . 
 either way she did n't have a f ** king clue what i wanted . 
 `` the truth is that you 've never said no to me , jamey . 
 i 'm not going to tell her anything , because you know as well as i do what really happened . '' 
 `` nothin ' happened . '' 
 `` are you denying that we 've been together before ? '' 
 why was she playing this game ? 
 `` stop screwin ' around . '' 
 ang looked right into my eyes as she spoke . 
 `` when you 're done being ridiculous we can talk . 
 now get out of my face . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 before i could respond to her madness , i was pulled out of the establishment by my friend . 
 `` what 's your problem ? '' 
 `` that 's enough , dude . 
 leave angie alone . '' 
 `` are you kiddin ' me ? 
 did you see what that bitch did to me ? '' 
 i pushed my friend away from me to stand my ground . 
 `` i do n't give a shit who ang is to you . 
 what she did was f ** ked up . 
 peyton 's never goin ' to believe me now , because of that lying whore . '' 
 he pointed at me with serious eyes . 
 `` i 'm goin ' to let that slide since you 're pissed . 
 go home jamey . 
 peyton 's just a chick , man . 
 she 'll be back . 
 bitches always come back . 
 you know that . '' 
 he was wrong though . 
 peyton was n't just another f ** k buddy for me . 
 she was special , which was something that none of my friends could understand . 
 we 'd both gotten around in our younger years , and with reputations like ours it was impossible for people to accept that we could change . 
 since i knew i 'd regret fighting with my friends , over something they had nothing to do with , i hopped in my vehicle and drove to the one place where i knew i would get support . 
 my brother 's house . 
 he and his girlfriend lacey had begun moving into their new house , located much closer to their jobs . 
 he 'd offered me the apartment , and i 'd planned on asking peyton to move in with me when we went back to my mother 's house after riding four-wheelers . 
 that was all messed up now , and i was n't exactly sure i even wanted to move out . 
 joey was outside drinking a beer while barbequing on the back porch . 
 he waved me to walk around the house as soon as i got out . 
 `` what 's up bro ? 
 you want a steak ? 
 i can have lace thaw another one . 
 we got them at the butcher last night . 
 look how thick these things are . '' 
 he held up the steak as i approached . 
 `` i 'm not real hungry , man . '' 
 joey put his arm on my shoulder . 
 lacey came outside carrying a marinade , and from the look on her face i could tell that she knew something was wrong . 
 `` you okay , jamey ? '' 
 i sat down on a lawn chair and ran my hands through my hair . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm pretty f ** kin ' screwed up . 
 that 's why i came . 
 i need some advice , because obviously i do n't give a shit about relationships . '' 
 `` did you meet someone ? '' 
 lacey asked . 
 i think my brother knew the answer even before i said it . 
 `` not exactly . 
 it 's peyton . '' 
 `` her again ? 
 boy , you do n't know when to quit . 
 you two are like fuel to a fire . '' 
 `` come on , bro , not you too . 
 i need help here . '' 
 my brother began to laugh hysterically . 
 `` you 're kiddin ' , right ? 
 i mean , the last time we talked you were all about hittin ' whatever young ass came your way . 
 what changed ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i realized that she 's different . '' 
 `` jamey , are you in love with peyton ? '' 
 lacey asked . 
 i looked down when i answered . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think i might be . '' 
 `` does she even know ? '' 
 her questions were hard for me to hear . 
 the ` l' word was always off limits . 
 i used to cringe when peyton used it . 
 `` i tried to tell her . 
 then things got all crazy . 
 now she 's not talkin ' to me at all . 
 in fact , i 'm pretty damn sure she 's never goin ' to speak to me again . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 my brother asked . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` she thinks i slept with this chick . '' 
 `` well did you ? '' 
 joey 's smile made me feel like an ass ** le . 
 obviously they thought the worst of me . 
 `` am i really that bad of a guy ? '' 
 joey started to answer , but lacey threw up her finger making him hold off . 
 `` you just have n't found your way yet , that 's all . '' 
 `` bro , did you sleep with the other chick ? '' 
 `` yes , but not for a long time . 
 she 's from out of town and it happened years ago . 
 i swear . '' 
 joey shook his head , while lacey continued to communicate with me . 
 `` why would peyton never want to talk to you again ? 
 were you with her when it happened ? 
 i 'm a little confused . '' 
 she sat down on the chair across from me while my brother continued flipping the meat . 
 he was such a perfectionist when it came to cooking . 
 secretly i hoped to be as good as he was one day , albeit i 'd never admit that to him . 
 `` last night i convinced peyton to come over . 
 one thing led to another and you know how it goes . 
 we ended up in bed . '' 
 `` as if that was n't your plan all along , '' my brother said sarcastically . 
 `` that was n't the only reason that i wanted her to come over . 
 i missed her . 
 anyway , we fought and then we talked , and then we fought some more . 
 by morning we 'd decided to give us another try ; a clean slate . 
 we promised no more lies . 
 i admitted my feelin 's for her , and invited her to go ridin ' with me today . 
 things were good . 
 it was like nothin ' we 'd ever experienced before . '' 
 `` how did things get messed up then ? 
 it sounds like you worked everything out . '' 
 lacey was confused , but no more than me . 
 i was in uncharted waters and felt as if i was drowning in my own stupidity . 
 `` that chick that i slept with was there today when we went ridin ' . 
 she told peyton that we slept together a few days ago . 
 i tried to convince her that the bitch was lyin ' , but with my track record she would n't believe me . 
 she had some dude pick her up and told me that she never wanted to see or talk to me again . 
 you should have seen her face when she said it . 
 she hates me . '' 
 i put my head down and heard the door opening . 
 a few seconds later my brother came out and handed me a beer . 
 `` i think you need this . '' 
 i opened the top and took a sip . 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 `` it sounds like that girl wants you all to herself , '' lacey suggested . 
 `` it 's not goin ' to happen . 
 even if peyton never talks to me again , i 'd never give that bitch , angie , the time of day . 
 she 's made sure of that . '' 
 `` the first thing you need to do is give peyton some time . 
 you could send her a message , but do n't go crazy with it . 
 tell her you need to talk , but leave it open for her to contact you . 
 if you bother her about it , she 'll only get more upset with you . 
 trust me when i say that sometimes being apart makes the heart grow fonder . '' 
 `` i doubt she will come around . 
 you did n't hear her . 
 she 's done with me . '' 
 instead of asking them for advice about getting peyton back i should have been asking them how to forget about her , because surely it would hurt a lot less if i could do that instead . 
 `` lacey 's right . 
 just be patient . 
 if it 's meant to be all will work out . '' 
 `` i think i 'd rather head to the beach , get f ** ked up , and bang some chick i do n't even know . '' 
 `` that 's the dumbest idea you 've ever had , jamey . '' 
 i could tell that i 'd disgusted lacey . 
 she was always so devoted to my brother . 
 the idea that we 'd both slept around in younger years made her skin crawl . 
 it was sort of cute how much she had forgiven my brother for his past . 
 when she looked at him it was intense . 
 i wanted that with peyton . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i was just thinkin ' it could make it not feel like i 've been kicked in the balls , at least for a little while . '' 
 `` that 's not the answer to your problems . 
 it will only make you feel worse about yourself . 
 this chick sounds like a little whore who just wants attention . 
 just take my advice and give peyton some time . 
 the next time i see her i 'll make sure she knows that joey and i believe you . 
 i do n't think you 'd come here and tell us a lie just to help your cause . 
 you seem pretty broken up over it , besides , i never thought i 'd hear you admit to loving someone . '' 
 there was that word again . 
 `` yeah , do n't get used to it . 
 i 'm thinking about retiring it forever . 
 all it got me was a kick in the genitals . '' 
 joey started laughing and shaking his head . 
 `` come on inside . 
 let 's eat . 
 there 's plenty to go around , and you obviously need the company . 
 you can crash here tonight . '' 
 i appreciated my brother 's hospitality . 
 we may bump heads a lot , but he 'd always been around when i needed him . 
 our mother had taught us that . 
 a couple hours later , after a six-pack of beers , i sent peyton the text message that lacey suggested . 
 it was simple and to the point . 
 i really need to talk to you , but i can wait until you 're ready . 
 i 'm sorry about today . 
 love jamey i do n't know why but i stared at my phone for a long time , waiting for a reply to come through . 
 finally sleep came , and all i could hope for was to dream about being in that green pasture with peyton , because that was the happiest i 'd been in forever . 
 chapter 13 peyton i woke up in a strange bed , all alone . 
 after realizing that i was still in wayne 's bedroom , i headed out to look for him . 
 on the couch , he slept sound , like a real gentlemen should . 
 i grabbed a blanket off the back and covered him up , kissing the top of his forehead out of appreciation . 
 his eyes opened and i felt sort of stupid for doing it , like it implied something i was n't ready for . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah , just woke up and wondered where you were . '' 
 he rolled over pulling the blanket with him . 
 `` just get some sleep . 
 we can talk in the morning . '' 
 `` i can sleep on the couch . 
 it 's not a big deal . 
 you do n't have to sacrifice your bed for me . '' 
 this man had already done too much . 
 i felt bad for depending on him . 
 `` peyton , we 're friends . 
 it 's not a big deal . 
 let me be a gentlemen and offer you my bed . 
 i owe you . '' 
 he owed me ? 
 that was a first . 
 nobody ever owed me anything , because i 'd always been so selfish , thinking of my own needs before anyone else 's . 
 `` if you insist . '' 
 `` i do , now go get some rest . 
 i promised abigail bacon in the morning . 
 hope you like it crispy . '' 
 i smiled , realizing that he was n't going to let me sleep on that couch , no matter how many times i offered . 
 i thought about seeing abigail , and eating that crispy bacon , instead of dwelling on the negative in my life . 
 having this friendship meant so much to me . 
 he did n't owe me anything , because i would never be able to repay him for what he continued to do for me . 
 i found it hard to fall back asleep . 
 after tossing and turning around in the bed , i located my phone and turned it back on . 
 a text message from jamey made my stomach knot up . 
 i knew i should have erased it , but i could n't bring myself to do it without seeing what it said . 
 i read the message three times , and wondered why he was trying so hard to convince me otherwise . 
 it was hard to turn off the phone and get back under the covers . 
 i was surprised when i managed to do it without breaking down again . 
 i suppose i was going through the motions . 
 first there was the pain , and now all i felt was anger . 
 i 'd been betrayed by the one man i 'd given my heart to . 
 it was going to take a ton of time , but i would get over this , and possibly have a future with someone that understood me ; someone like wayne . 
 the sunlight let me know that morning had come . 
 wrapped in the blankets like a cocoon , i rolled over to see that it was past nine in the morning . 
 the house was still quiet , and i certainly did n't want to wake wayne or abigail by getting up , so i lay there looking around the room . 
 on the bedside table was a picture of wayne and his wife . 
 it must have been before she got sick . 
 her auburn hair was long and full of curls . 
 her belly had a bump , letting me know that she was carrying abigail . 
 wayne was n't looking at the camera when the picture was shot . 
 instead he was looking at his wife with a huge smile on his face . 
 i picked up the photo and traced the figures in the picture , wondering if i 'd ever be able to experience that kind of love . 
 while in deep thought the door creaked up . 
 i looked up to see wayne standing there , looking down at the frame i now held in my hands . 
 `` sorry , i was just - . '' 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 i put the frame down and moved over on the bed . 
 wayne sat down next to me and picked up the picture . 
 `` she was so beautiful . 
 even when she woke up after a rough night 's sleep , all i saw was perfection . 
 i used to watch her sleeping . 
 she was so peaceful . 
 after she was diagnosed it was the only time that she seemed at peace . 
 this picture was taken right before abigail graced us with her presence . 
 god , we were so happy back then . '' 
 i could hear it in his voice that he was getting choked up . 
 `` wayne , you do n't have to talk about it . '' 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 it helps . '' 
 he let out an attempt at a laugh . 
 `` you know , she made me promise that i 'd find someone to live my life with . 
 she was adamant about it , making me do this stupid pinky promise , like little children do . 
 even when i did it , i knew i 'd never find someone like her . 
 i miss her so much , peyton , but every single day that i wake up and see our little girl i know i have a piece of her with me . '' 
 he put his hand on my leg , catching me off guard . 
 `` breakfast is ready in the kitchen . 
 abigail helped me make you teddy bear shaped pancakes . 
 they look like blobs , so just pretend that they 're perfectly shaped , so she can be proud . '' 
 he stood up , disregarding the fact that he 'd just broke down in front of me . 
 i guess it was how he coped . 
 it broke my heart . 
 before getting up out of the bed i looked back at that picture . 
 the love he had for her was indescribable . 
 i longed for that kind of devotion , and knew i was never going to have it with jamey . 
 it 's what really helped me be sure about not calling him again . 
 if love like wayne 's really did exist than i wanted to find it . 
 i owed it to myself to be strong and move on . 
 after a delicious breakfast , i spent the afternoon in the backyard with abigail , while wayne went to the bookstore . 
 we played princesses , and pretended that her plastic playhouse was her castle , and the backyard her kingdom . 
 it was fun , and even better than playing with my brother when we were younger . 
 he 'd always insist on being the prince , which would in turn mean that he would be crowned king , while i remained a princess . 
 abigail was n't like my twin brother , though . 
 she 'd been taught to share , and wanted us to be equals . 
 i loved how beautiful she was , and the innocence that she carried with her . 
 as we were cleaning up she asked me a question that caught me off guard again . 
 it was something that i was obviously not prepared for . 
 `` peyton , are you going to be my mommy now ? '' 
 not only did it make me sad , but it also scared me . 
 i did n't want wayne to get mad at however i was going to answer . 
 `` your daddy and i are just friends , abigail . 
 that does n't mean that i do n't love you . 
 in fact , you 're pretty much my best friend . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you are the only girl that i love spendin ' time with . 
 you 're a true princess . '' 
 she flipped her hair in a cute kind of way . 
 `` daddy says that one day a prince will come for me . 
 do you think he will like cupcakes ? '' 
 `` who does n't like cupcakes ? '' 
 i answered her with enthusiasm . 
 she giggled , letting me know that i 'd amused her . 
 `` what about daddy ? '' 
 `` he likes cupcakes . '' 
 `` no silly , '' she corrected . 
 `` what about daddy finding a queen ? '' 
 i sighed , knowing that all i had was a head full of wrong answers . 
 `` you 'll have to be patient with daddy . 
 one day he 'll find his queen . 
 right now he 's too busy raising the perfect princess . '' 
 i tickled her to get her to change topics , before i said something that would upset her , or wayne . 
 they meant a lot to me and i did n't want to ruin that . 
 by the time wayne walked in the door from work , abigail was asleep on the couch with a animated movie playing in the background . 
 to make the time go by faster i decided to clean the house , starting with the bathrooms . 
 i was on the kitchen floor when i saw him step in front of me . 
 `` hey , no footprints on the clean floor . '' 
 `` why in the world are you cleaning my house ? '' 
 `` i got bored . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and lifted me to stand . 
 `` please stop doing it . 
 you 're our guest , peyton . '' 
 `` it keeps my mind off of things . '' 
 `` why do n't i drive you to your house to change your clothes and we can all go see a movie . 
 you need to get out of the house , before you shine it to death . '' 
 his sarcasm lacked something , but i could n't ever put my finger exactly on it . 
 for the most part he was n't that funny when it came to trying to cheer me up . 
 i gave him an a for effort . 
 his attempts kept me interested , and distracted . 
 `` a movie sounds like a great idea . '' 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 he froze in place and turned to face me . 
 `` not that kind of date of course . '' 
 i nodded , agreeing that a real date would be too awkward at the moment . 
 he and i both knew i was n't ready for anything like that . 
 his companionship was enough for me . 
 thankfully , my brother , his wife , and the twins were n't home when i stopped by to change . 
 after ten minutes i was out the door with a fresh outfit , and my hair in a loose french braid . 
 abigail was wearing a matching one from when we 'd played princesses . 
 she giggled when i climbed into the car with mine . 
 it was pleasing to hear her so happy . 
 we ended up seeing a new spin on a fairytale . 
 wayne and i sat on each side of abigail . 
 her eyes were glued to the film , while mine wandered around the theater . 
 it was full of families , all so seemingly happy that it was bittersweet . 
 i was still young , had my whole life in front of me . 
 why was i so broken up over a little breakup with someone that i crushed over in my teens ? 
 it made me feel so immature . 
 when the movie was over we grabbed a bite to eat , and wayne drove me to jamey 's to pick up my car . 
 i hated the idea of pulling up out in front of his house , but was relieved that he was n't there . 
 by the time wayne pulled away i was already crying again . 
 being alone was the trigger . 
 i started my car and looked around at the empty driveway . 
 jamey 's whereabouts should n't have been my concern , but curiosity got the best of me . 
 i wondered if he 'd run right to that bitch that had come between us . 
 maybe they 'd been seeing each other the whole time he 'd been seeing me . 
 she obviously was n't from around . 
 maybe she 'd moved closer to be with jamey , and she 'd finally gotten her wish . 
 my dinner came back up before i could pull away from the curb . 
 i left the disgusting puddle of bile there hoping that jamey would come home and find it , realizing that i was n't some toy he could toss around . 
 he 'd destroyed me , physically and emotionally . 
 he deserved to have his dick chopped off and fed to piranhas . 
 wishing him death was n't going to give me closure , but it sure as hell made me feel better . 
 chapter 14 jamey i 'd like to say that it got easier as the days went by , but it would n't have been the truth . 
 the more time that passed only made me wish i could go back and do things differently . 
 i never realized how much peyton meant to me until she was gone from my life . 
 what was the most surprising was that it was n't the sex that i was missing so much . 
 it was her smile , and the way she looked at me like nobody else in the world existed . 
 she took care of me in a sense , nurtured me to push me to be a better person . 
 i felt lost , completely out of my realm . 
 after spending the night at my brother 's house that first night i knew i could n't sleep in my bed and not think about her , so i agreed to go ahead and take over the lease to his place . 
 i also took on more hours at the diner to stay busy and make extra money to be able to afford a place on my own . 
 after two weeks of being miserable i helped my brother move into his new house . 
 since lacey wanted new furniture , they left me almost everything . 
 it was nice not having to move twice in one week . 
 i do n't really understand why , but i started hanging out with my brother more . 
 it was as if me being let down had opened up a door for us . 
 we did n't bicker , and he was constantly inviting me to things that he 'd never done before . 
 it was also nice to hang out with my cousin ford . 
 since lacey and sky were best friends they were together all of the time . 
 the house they purchased needed work , so every night they 'd meet over there and help out . 
 it was n't until a couple weeks after the whole ordeal with peyton that i started to feel like the fifth wheel . 
 joey and ford had women that loved them , while i usually sat in a chair away from them watching how happy they all were . 
 i was jealous . 
 it really made me realize all that i 'd been denying myself , and i knew that my brother had been right before . 
 once he met lacey everything about his life had changed . 
 she made him see that being alone was n't all that it was cracked up to be , not when something so amazing could be waiting at home for him every night . 
 i got that now . 
 i understood what it was that he was talking about , and it hurt a little more that i 'd had the chance to have it and somehow let it slip away from me . 
 on a monday when we were n't too busy my mother pulled me aside to have a chat . 
 after the last argument about peyton i was n't really sure of her motive . 
 `` jamey , i want you to be honest with me when i ask you this , because to be perfect blunt , i 'm worried about you . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i shot her a sarcastic grin , like she was way off base . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` do you really believe that you can bullshit a bullshitter ? '' 
 i shrugged and looked down at the table . 
 grabbing the salt shaker to avoid eye contact with my mom . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm not okay . 
 are you happy now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she crossed her arms and waited for me to look at her . 
 when my mother spoke she required eye contact , and she 'd stand there silent until she got it . 
 `` is it because you moved out ? 
 i knew it was a bad idea . '' 
 `` it 's not that . '' 
 `` then what , jamey ? 
 you 've been moping around for weeks now . 
 hell , even some of the customers have noticed . '' 
 as scared as i was to mention her name , i knew i had to come clean with my mother . 
 she had the ability to cut me off from a job if she wanted to , and from the way she was talking it seemed as if she was more concerned about my performance at the diner . 
 i was getting that vibe from her . 
 sometimes she was extremely hard for me to read , or maybe i just sucked at understanding women period . 
 `` i 'm havin ' girl problems . 
 before you say somethin' you need to know that i 'm not foolin ' around anymore . 
 this shit is for real . '' 
 `` i figured as much , since i have n't seen her around . '' 
 `` you can say her name , mom . 
 i know you hate her , but you do n't have to pretend that you have n't known her since she was born . '' 
 `` i do n't hate peyton , son . 
 i hate what she does to you . '' 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong . 
 all she ever wanted was to be with me . 
 everything that happened between us was on me . 
 i did n't understand the hype about bein ' with one person . '' 
 `` jamey , part of my problem with peyton was the fact that our families are so close . 
 i knew that by you two dating each other it would only cause problems . 
 so what happened ? 
 did she finally wise up ? '' 
 `` it did n't exactly happen that way . 
 you remember that chick angie from jersey ? '' 
 `` she 's hard to forget with that accent . 
 why ? '' 
 `` she told peyton that we were together when we were n't . 
 she ruined everything we had goin ' , and i do n't get why she did it . 
 peyton did n't deserve that shit . 
 now she refuses to speak to me . 
 in fact she told me that she never wants to see my face again . 
 the hardest part about it was that i finally realized what i wanted . 
 i made a promise to her for us to be together , and it 's all over now . '' 
 i sat down the salt shaker and leaned back in my seat , running my hand through my hair as i waited for my mom to reply . 
 `` sometimes it takes something drastic for people to see how important things are in their life . 
 your brother had to leave the country to see it . 
 i do n't know how i raised such hard-headed boys . 
 i thought i 'd taught you to respect yourselves , and the women that you got involved with . 
 a part of that blame should fall on me . '' 
 she leaned forward so that she could talk in a lower tone . 
 `` i do n't like seeing you hurting the way you are , but if peyton ca n't see the truth you need to move on . 
 you ca n't live in limbo while she 's out running around . 
 it 's not healthy . '' 
 `` mom , i respect your advice , but you 're wrong again . '' 
 she raised her brow , silently demanding a further explanation . 
 `` i do n't care how long it will take , or what i have to do to prove it . 
 i 'm goin ' to get her back . '' 
 `` you 're in love with her . 
 i get that . '' 
 that word was getting easier to hear . 
 `` it 's more than that . 
 i know we 're young , and maybe too naive to understand what it takes to be in a relationship , but i need to at least try . 
 if you taught me anything it 's to never give up . 
 i 'm not goin ' to leave the country like joey . 
 i 'm stayin ' and i 'm fightin ' for what i want , even if i have to go through shayne . '' 
 `` i 'm not the best at giving advice considering my track record . 
 i met your daddy when i was just eighteen , and when he moved us over here i never thought i could be happy . 
 after i got the diner i ignored his needs , focusing all my energy on making this business work . 
 even though i learned my lesson when he left us , i was n't that upset about it . 
 i 'd worked too hard to make a name for myself . 
 it 's hard for me to see you and your brother struggling with relationships , especially when i 've never felt the way that you feel . 
 sure , i loved your daddy , but it was n't that forever kind of love . 
 some people just never find that . '' 
 i leaned forward to match her position . 
 `` mom , i 'm not askin ' you for advice . 
 hell , i do n't even know what i 'm doin ' right now . 
 all i know is that i need to change . 
 i can accept that peyton may never speak to me again , but i do n't want to ever feel like i do now . '' 
 my mom finally smiled . 
 `` it gets better with time . 
 as far as you and peyton go , i hope things work out . 
 i know i 'm hard on you about her , but it 's only because you two were so rocky that i knew it would cause problems . 
 if she means that much to you , and your happiness is being affected , it 's best that you try to make amends , or else it will eat at you because you never found closure . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what i 'm afraid of . 
 the problem is that she wants nothin ' to do with me . 
 i 'm pretty sure she 's seein ' someone else . 
 when we had our fallin ' out he came to pick her up . 
 she says that they 're just friends . 
 i really do n't know . '' 
 i thought about that dude picking her up . 
 she jumped right in the car with him like he was her hero . 
 whoever he was , i hated him . 
 `` jamey , do you think that maybe your history with females had led you to believe that no one of the opposite sex can be friends ? '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 she had a point . 
 i 'd never been interested in being just friends with a chick . 
 they either wanted to f ** k me , or nothing to do with me at all . 
 `` perhaps this man is just a friend . 
 if i know anything about peyton it 's that she 's crazy about you . 
 i highly doubt she had someone on the side who was willing to wait and see if you two worked out . '' 
 i put my hands over my face for a second and tried to make sense out of the whole ordeal . 
 `` mom , that 's just it . 
 the night peyton came over it was n't to get back together , not at first . 
 she could have been involved with this guy the whole time and not told me . 
 sure , she picked me , but as soon as she thought i 'd screwed up it all changed . '' 
 `` you wo n't know for sure unless you ask her . 
 do n't assume and get yourself pissed off . '' 
 `` she 's not talkin ' to me . '' 
 `` jamey , there 's no real immediate solution to this . 
 you can either wait it out or figure a way to move forward . 
 i just hate seeing you moping around . 
 enough is enough . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i need to snap out of it . '' 
 she reached across the table and touched my forearm . 
 `` i love you and your brother with all of my heart . 
 if you need to talk , or spend the night at home , it 's okay with me . '' 
 i almost wanted to laugh at her . 
 basically that meant that she missed us being around . 
 the house was too big for just one person . 
 it was a good thing she 'd been seein ' someone . 
 `` thanks . 
 i will keep that in mind . '' 
 i did n't want to make her feel worthless . 
 i already felt that enough myself . 
 `` i 've got to get back to work . 
 let me know how things go . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 i waited until she turned around before continuing . 
 `` thanks for the talk , and if she decides to give me another chance , which she probably wo n't , i hope you 'll be able to accept us . '' 
 `` i promise that i will be happy for you , only because i feel like you 've finally learned how to be in a relationship the right way . 
 treat her right , jamey . 
 that 's the key . '' 
 `` i know . 
 if she gives me another chance i 'm goin ' to . '' 
 when my mom walked away i sat there looking around the diner . 
 though it was semi-empty there were several couples and families eating . 
 i watched them interacting , smiling , frowning , and laughing . 
 as they all went through different emotions they all had one thing in common . 
 they were n't alone . 
 i did n't have many goals in life . 
 my job was given to me before i was even old enough to work . 
 to want something so bad that i could taste the happiness was unbearable . 
 i was n't giving up on peyton , and i was willing to do whatever it took to change her mind about me . 
 chapter 15 peyton it had been three weeks since i 'd last heard from jamey , and a lot had happened since then . 
 school kept me busy during the week , and when i went home at night i spent most of my time helping my brother and ashley with the twins . 
 since they knew nothing about what had happened with jamey , they never asked me about him . 
 i found that comforting to know that being at home was a safe place . 
 wayne and i spent the weekends together , mostly just hanging out and doing fun things with abigail . 
 each time we were together i found myself drawn to the type of man he was . 
 we 'd kissed a few times in a chaste kind of way , but never anything that led me to believe that we were anything more than friends . 
 it was a good thing knowing that he did n't expect things out of me . 
 when i was younger it was all guys ever did . 
 i 'd slept with my fair share of them , regretting it the next day almost every time . 
 jamey had been the exception , but our relationship was rocky at best , when he even admitted that we were anything at all . 
 for the most part i 'd never had a long-term relationship that i was able to brag about . 
 it made me sad admitting it . 
 wayne had listened to my sob story more than once , and never had he complained that jamey was all i talked about . 
 his kind soul made me feel like i mattered , which was something i 'd never been familiarized with . 
 on a sunday , after spending most of our day at a local state park , we headed back to wayne 's to cook out on the grill . 
 he was making us his famous chicken and went on and on about his secret seasoning . 
 the meal tasted delish , but abigail was so tired that she started falling asleep at the table . 
 wayne got up and carried her to bed before returning . 
 it was one of those awkward moments where we were fully aware that we were alone . 
 suddenly it was as if neither of us could conjure up the nerve to speak . 
 i cleared my throat and did my best to break the ice . 
 `` it all tastes great , wayne . 
 thanks for havin ' me over . '' 
 `` it 's my pleasure . '' 
 `` abigail was worn out . '' 
 `` yeah , she sure was . 
 she really likes you , peyton . 
 i think you came into our lives at the perfect time . 
 you know at night she asks about her mother . '' 
 he took a sip of iced tea before continuing . 
 `` it 's hard to talk about her to my daughter . 
 every time she asks me something all i can think of is that she 'll never know her mother . 
 it damn near kills me inside . 
 you being around makes it a little easier . 
 i hope you know how much you mean to us . '' 
 was this his way of telling me that he wanted to be more than friends ? 
 i was a little caught off guard . 
 `` wayne , you two mean a lot to me as well . 
 it 's just that - . '' 
 he held up his hand . 
 `` maybe it came out wrong . 
 forgive me . 
 i 'm not used to being alone with women . 
 my wife always used to say i was horrible at this . 
 she teased me whenever she got the chance . '' 
 he wiped his mouth with a napkin . 
 `` there i go again , talking about her . 
 sometimes i ca n't help myself . 
 it 's like she 's with me all of the time and i 'm constantly mentioning her to impress her . 
 i 'd never want her to feel like i 'm trying to replace her , because honestly , i do n't think i can . '' 
 i felt a knot forming in my throat . 
 it happened every time he talked about his love for her . 
 `` wayne , it 's okay . 
 she was the love of your life . 
 maybe she is here with us . '' 
 `` she 'd like you . 
 you both have this similar spunk about you . '' 
 `` i wish i could have met her . 
 it would be nice to have a female to talk to about my problems . 
 she seems like she was great for advice . '' 
 `` she was a people person , a busy-body . 
 though she never snooped , she knew everything about everyone , in a sincere way . 
 it was as if she was put on the earth to spread kindness . 
 does that make sense or am i sounding completely irrational ? '' 
 wayne second guessing his sanity was pretty funny in itself . 
 he was the most intelligent person i 'd ever met , and certainly as sane as they come . 
 `` i agree . 
 from what you 've told me , she was an all-around woman . 
 wayne , i appreciate it so much that you talk about her the way you do . 
 you say abigail will never know her mother , but she lives through you . 
 even i can feel it . '' 
 wayne caught me off guard again when he reached across the table and grabbed my hand . 
 `` you do n't know how much that means to me . '' 
 he started to cry , and i felt it necessary to get up and wrapped my arms around him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , peyton . 
 sometimes i just want to give up . 
 you do n't know how hard it was watching the person that i loved more than life itself dying . 
 that day that we found out the treatment was n't working i could n't look at her . 
 i could n't let her see how much pain i was in . 
 i could n't let her hurt for me . 
 i had to put up a facade and be strong , even when my whole world was coming to a crashing end . 
 while she lay in that hospital clinging to life , i was at home staring at a little girl who 'd never understand why her mother would n't be coming home . '' 
 he cried harder , causing me to react in the same way . 
 when you 're young you never give much thought to things like death . 
 you say things like you would die without the person in your life , but the reality is hard to grasp . 
 my brother knew that fear that wayne felt firsthand . 
 he 'd had to sit back not knowing if ashley was ever going to come home . 
 he 'd never given up hope , even when we 'd all had our doubts . 
 `` i ca n't even imagine what that was like for you , wayne . '' 
 `` i dream about her . 
 it 's not every night , but most . 
 i swear , sometimes i just want to sleep because i know there 's a good chance that i 'll see her again . 
 i know it 's ridiculous , but to me it 's so real . 
 it 's like she knows it 's the only way we can be together . '' 
 this poor man was broken , and i knew i had to be there for him . 
 my problems did n't compare to the life-long pain he was suffering from . 
 all selfishness aside , they needed me . 
 `` i 'm here for you . '' 
 after i got wayne calmed down enough to move to the living room , i went back into the kitchen to clean up dinner . 
 in all honestly i needed to do something to keep from losing it myself . 
 sometimes being around wayne was too depressing , not that i 'd ever admit that to him . 
 the last thing he needed was to feel like he was annoying me . 
 i would n't have even called it that anyway . 
 there were just times where i did n't know what to say . 
 i found wayne had fallen asleep when i finally finished up with the dishes . 
 when i went to cover him , he grabbed my hand . 
 it startled me and caused me to abruptly pull it away . 
 he looked at me with desperate eyes . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 i stood up straight and put my hands on my hips . 
 he needed companionship , and i was n't about to walk away when he was so emotional . 
 `` i 'm not lettin ' you sleep on the couch again . 
 it 's my turn this time . '' 
 wayne sat up straight and looked right into my eyes . 
 he grabbed both of my hands as he spoke . 
 `` peyton , i was wondering if you 'd be willing to sleep next to me tonight ? 
 i promise that i wo n't try anything . 
 i just do n't want to be alone . '' 
 if this was any other guy i 'd think he was trying to get into my pants , but wayne was different . 
 i trusted him . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll stay with you . '' 
 wayne stood up and turned off the lights before leading me into his bedroom . 
 he pulled off his shirt , and for the first time i 'd seen his bare chest . 
 his small patch of hair on his chest was sort of sexy , and i was surprised at how slender he was . 
 all those polo shirts did n't do him justice . 
 he did n't have a bad-boy body like jamey , but his distinguished look made him just as handsome . 
 not knowing how i should react , i slid off my shorts , but left my tank top on and climbed into the other side of the bed . 
 wayne did the same , rested on his side and looked right at me . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i 've slept in the same bed as someone over the age of five . 
 forgive me if i do n't know how to act . 
 if you want to put a pillow between us it 's okay . '' 
 for some reason i took offense to his comment . 
 not in a way where i was mad , but more like he could n't let himself feel comfortable . 
 in order to rectify the situation i knew i needed to make him see that i was n't nervous being around him . 
 i scooted closer and intertwined our fingers together . 
 i get that this was n't what normal friends did , but wayne was n't what anyone would call normal . 
 he lived his life for his daughter , because she was all that kept him going . 
 he needed to know how to live again , even if it was just the two of them . 
 he let me hold his hand and sit it on my hip over the covers . 
 for a while we just lay there looking into each other 's eyes . 
 it was intense , but at the same time therapeutic . 
 when he let go i started to worry until he reached over and brushed the hair away from my cheek . 
 `` thank you , peyton . '' 
 `` you do n't have to thank me , wayne . '' 
 he gave me this look and i do n't know what came over me , but i leaned forward and attempted to kiss him . 
 at first it felt like he was responding , until he pushed me away . 
 `` if i 've given you the wrong impression i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't ask you to sleep with me tonight so that we could be intimate . '' 
 i was n't offended . 
 he was freaked out , and i was going to be understanding . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just thought we were havin ' a moment . '' 
 i went to turn but he stopped me . 
 `` peyton , if i was a whole man again i 'd want to be with you in every way possible . 
 my feelings for you are there , and i hope you know that i appreciate what we have , but i ca n't pursue them . 
 it 's not fair to you . 
 i 'm man enough to admit that if i ca n't love you completely , i wo n't try to waste your time . 
 our friendship is too important . '' 
 `` should i feel rejected , because for some reason i do ? '' 
 he touched my cheek , causing me to close my eyes . 
 `` no . 
 you should feel like you 're important , too important to be hurt again . 
 as much as i want you in my life , and i most certainly do , i know it wo n't be fair . 
 you deserve more . 
 no woman wants to be burdened with a man 's dead wife . '' 
 `` she would n't want you to live like this . 
 you said it yourself that she wanted you to be happy . '' 
 i was n't trying to get him to change his mind . 
 honestly i knew i was too hung up on jamey to get involved in a serious relationship with wayne . 
 `` i know , but that 's just it . 
 the only way i will be truly happy is if i 'm with her . 
 i know it 's not possible . 
 trust me , i 've been to my share of therapist meetings to know that i 'm being intolerable . 
 i 'm thick-headed , and devoted . 
 what everyone does n't take into consideration is that i promised to love her forever . 
 i did n't say the part where it included till death do us part , because i wanted to love her forever . 
 if we 're reincarnated then i wanted to love her in that life too . 
 nobody gets it . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 my sudden admission made him stop and stare . 
 `` so you do n't think i 'm crazy ? '' 
 i touched his cheek , the same way he 'd touched mine . 
 `` of course not . 
 i think that you are the most devoted man i know . 
 do n't you get it , wayne ? 
 you give me hope that every man can love wholeheartedly . 
 you made me open my eyes and see that it was worth the fight that it was worth the pain . 
 as much as you 've been through , it 's unconditional . 
 i have to believe that it 's goin ' to get better for you , because you deserve to be happy . 
 you deserve to smile again and not feel guilty about it . '' 
 `` i ca n't help it . '' 
 his lips started trembling again . 
 i touched them softly as i spoke . 
 `` i 'm here if you need to cry , scream , smile , whatever . 
 i 've never thought you were crazy , and nothin ' you say could ever make me think that . '' 
 wayne leaned forward and pressed his lips against mine . 
 it was out of character , so i got that it was for the appreciation he felt for me . 
 `` you 're so special , peyton . 
 do n't let anyone tell you different . 
 that boy does n't know what he lost . '' 
 that night i let wayne wrap his arms around me and hold me . 
 as much as he needed it , i think i felt the same way . 
 it was so good to feel nurtured for a change . 
 even though our relationship was plutonic , it was the most serious i 'd ever experienced . 
 by being with wayne , i was learning what i wanted out of my life , and the kind of man that i deserved to find . 
 i was learning that in order to find my own happiness i needed to love myself first . 
 i was n't the slut that everyone saw . 
 i was a human being that only ever wanted to feel appreciated . 
 for the time being i was finally content with what i had in my life . 
 i was striving for a career , had the best friend a girl could ask for , and my future was in my own hands . 
 chapter 16 jamey i waited a month before i tried to contact peyton again . 
 one night , alone in my apartment , i scrolled through social media sites trying to figure out what she 'd been up to . 
 a picture of her and a little girl caught my attention . 
 the caption just said the little girl 's name , but underneath was a comment from a guy named wayne . 
 it made me so uneasy to see her interacting with another male , and after i 'd checked out his profile i was sure that it was the guy that had come to her rescue , which obviously meant they were still hanging out . 
 while i was trying to figure out a way to get her back , patiently waiting until she 'd had enough time to calm down , she 'd already moved on to someone else , with a kid . 
 maybe i should n't have commented , but i let my jealousy fuel my next move before i had time to reconsider . 
 underneath the picture , and comment from wayne i posted . 
 `` nice built-in family . 
 must be nice . '' 
 not even five minutes later i got a notification that she 'd commented back . 
 `` i should n't have unblocked you . 
 please leave me alone . '' 
 that only made me angrier , so i replied . 
 `` for someone that 's so judging it 's nice to see that you were screwing around the whole time we were trying to get back together . '' 
 i watched as a reply instantly appeared on the screen in a private message between us . 
 do n't you dare compare my life to yours . 
 i never cheated on you . 
 - peyton i saw that dude with you twice . 
 you mean to tell me that you were n't seeing him the whole time ? 
 you 're a hypocrite . 
 - jamey i do n't have time for this . 
 i 'm deleting you . 
 - peyton fine . 
 do whatever you want . 
 just know that i did n't sleep with that bitch like she said . 
 believe whatever you want . 
 i meant every word i said to you that day , peyton . 
 if i could do things differently you 'd be with me instead of him . 
 - jamey you do n't know that . 
 - peyton yes i do . 
 i 'll leave you alone like you want . 
 i 'll stop talking to you and move on . 
 just answer me one question . 
 can you do that ? 
 - jamey one , and then you leave me alone . 
 - peyton do you still love me , pey ? 
 - jamey i waited patiently for a reply , but got none . 
 after thirty minutes i shut my computer realizing that she was n't going to answer me . 
 it could mean two things . 
 she still loved me , or she hated me . 
 either way i 'd never know . 
 peyton deleted me from her account that evening , still without replying to my question . 
 it got me so angry that i felt the need to confront her about it . 
 against the advice of my family , i text her . 
 why wo n't you talk to me ? 
 do you have any idea how hard this is ? 
 - jamey i saw that she read the post , but i did n't get a reply until that night , probably when she was lying in bed alone or her boyfriend had fallen asleep . 
 you know why i do n't want to talk to you . 
 do n't make me change my number again . 
 - peyton i miss you so much . 
 if you 're trying to make me suffer you 're doing a great job . 
 - jamey i really do n't care how you feel anymore . 
 you hurt me . 
 you lied to my face . 
 you cheated on me . 
 what part of that is my fault ? 
 everything you 're feeling is because of the things you did . 
 - peyton fine . 
 i 'll take the blame . 
 i did lie . 
 in the beginning i cheated on you . 
 however , i did not sleep with that chick like she said . 
 i have n't been with her in a long ass time . 
 she was doing that to get to you . 
 i swear on my life , pey . 
 - jamey save your story for someone who cares . 
 i 'm over it . 
 move on with whomever you want . 
 i 'm not wasting anymore time on us . 
 - peyton so i guess this means you do n't love me anymore ? 
 is it that easy for you to move on , because i 'm having a hard time thinking about anything besides you . 
 - jamey you ca n't do this to me . 
 - peyton do what ? 
 care ? 
 i need you . 
 - jamey you need to get your dick wet . 
 i know you , jamey . 
 this is n't about feelings . 
 you 're too selfish to care about me the way i wanted you to . 
 i know now that there are other men out there that can be real . 
 - peyton who ? 
 that wayne guy ? 
 - jamey none of your business . 
 stop messaging me . 
 i do n't want to talk to you . 
 - peyton i 'm not stopping until you answer me . 
 i wo n't give up until i know for sure that there 's no chance for us . 
 i 'm going to prove to you that i 've changed . 
 - jamey the answer is no . 
 i do n't love you anymore , jamey . 
 in fact , i do n't know if it was ever love . 
 now leave me alone . 
 - peyton i traced over her words and felt sick to my stomach . 
 she 'd given me the devastating blow that i was afraid of getting . 
 she 'd made it clear that we did n't have a chance . 
 i 'd screwed up and lost out on being with her . 
 my ego could n't take anymore negativity . 
 since my brother and lacey were spending a week at the beach i decided to drive the half hour and go hang out with them . 
 after being rejected by peyton the last thing i wanted to do was sit alone at my apartment thinking about what could have been . 
 joey and lacey were pretty cool about me staying with them . 
 the place they were staying in was owned by her family , and it had plenty of room for me to stay out of their way . 
 ford and sky showed up the next day , and once again i felt like the odd man out . 
 on the third night , which happened to be a friday , we all went out to a local restaurant , which happened to have entertainment after nine . 
 they 'd planned to get a bite to eat and stick around until the band started . 
 i had n't been out in so long , and it was n't like i felt like going . 
 still , the girls convinced me that i needed to break out of my shell . 
 we 'd been there for about an hour when i saw someone who literally made my head turn . 
 first i spotted shayne , his wife , and the twins , but at the same table as them was peyton . 
 she looked so beautiful . 
 her tan made her skin glow , and her blonde hair looked almost white . 
 i sat there on a barstool staring at her , until joey saw who i was looking at . 
 `` did you know she was at the beach ? '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 she likes it here . 
 her family comes a few times a year to stay at their place . '' 
 `` are you goin ' to talk to her ? '' 
 he was almost having to shout over the loud crowd of people that surrounded the bar . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 `` that 's your call , bro . '' 
 joey went back to talking to our group , while i sat there watching the woman i was in love with . 
 she was smiling , laughing , and seemed happy . 
 it was a surefire kick in the testicles . 
 i could have been the one making her smile . 
 instead i was sitting at a bar creepily stalking her . 
 in a matter of minutes the situation changed . 
 peyton stood up from the table and started to walk toward the bathroom . 
 i could n't help but get up to beat her there . 
 she did n't know it was me until it was too late for her to turn around . 
 i did n't smile , or say something to draw a reaction . 
 instead i stood there staring into her eyes . 
 `` jamey . 
 what are you doin ' here ? '' 
 `` i 'm here for the week with my brother . 
 what about you ? '' 
 she was talking to me normally , and i knew i could n't push it . 
 we were being cordial for once . 
 `` same . 
 shayne and ash asked me to come . 
 i told them i 'd babysit if they wanted to go out a few nights alone . '' 
 `` that was nice of you . '' 
 she got this disgusted look over her face as she replied . 
 `` i am a nice person , jamey . 
 i guess you were too busy when we were together to notice . 
 if you 'll excuse me , i need to go to the bathroom . '' 
 she walked inside without waiting for me to respond . 
 for a few moments i stood wondering what i should do next . 
 i surely did n't want to stop talking to her , so i followed her into the restroom . 
 there were only two stalls , and i could see her feet under the door . 
 i leaned against it as i spoke . 
 `` pey , we need to talk . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 get out of here . '' 
 i almost laughed . 
 `` i 'm not leavin ' until you hear me out . '' 
 `` i 'll scream . '' 
 `` please . 
 just listen to me . '' 
 i heard the toilet flushing and moved away so that she could come out . 
 i saw her feet approach the door , but she never opened it . 
 `` so talk . '' 
 `` you 're not goin ' to come out ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just say what you need to say and then go . '' 
 i leaned my head on the outside of the door and traced the paint as i spoke to her . 
 this was my chance to make things right . 
 she was listening , whether she wanted to or not . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` for which thing ? '' 
 she was n't going to make this easy . 
 `` for all of it . 
 for lyin ' to you . 
 for cheatin ' on you a long time ago . 
 for takin ' you for granted , even when i knew you were the best thing about my life . '' 
 `` did you rehearse that ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to rehearse the truth . 
 i mean every word . '' 
 `` i wish i could believe that , jamey . '' 
 i could hear her voice cracking , as if she was getting emotional . 
 if that was the case then it meant she did n't hate me , not completely . 
 `` it 's all true , baby . '' 
 `` do n't call me that . '' 
 `` you 'll always be my baby , pey . 
 that name is yours forever . '' 
 `` how can you say the words forever to me ? 
 how dare you say that after all we 've been through . 
 i begged you to be with me , to want only me . 
 you could n't do it . 
 this conversation is a waste of time . 
 you love yourself . 
 everything else is a game to you . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 i hate myself , especially for what i did to you , to us . 
 you show me where there 's a time machine and i 'd go back and make it right . 
 i would n't take you for granted , not a single day . 
 i would n't pick my friends over you , and i sure as hell would n't even look at another woman , unless it was to compare how they would never be you . 
 do n't you get it . 
 i want to be better , and the only way i see that happenin ' is bein ' with you . 
 i made mistakes , i know that . 
 i get that i hurt you , and i understand how you do n't trust me . 
 all of that can be fixed with time . 
 i can prove it to you , if you just give me the chance . '' 
 i was pleading , and i was okay with it . 
 it was how i knew for certain that my feelings were real . 
 it got quiet for a few minutes , and then i felt the door unlocking . 
 peyton walked out to face me with tears in her eyes . 
 i could hear her sniffling as she conjured up enough nerve to speak . 
 `` i waited so long to hear you say that . '' 
 i took a step forward , breaking the distance between us . 
 i reached for her face , watching as her eyes closed when i touched it . 
 `` please give me another chance . 
 i 'll do anything . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't do it again . '' 
 `` this is n't like the other times . 
 i 'm pourin ' my heart out to you . 
 ca n't you feel the difference ? 
 ca n't you see how much i need you , how much i want you ? '' 
 she shrugged and leaned against the stalls . 
 `` i do n't know what 's happenin ' . 
 jamey nothin ' about this is easy . 
 no matter what i choose someone will get hurt . 
 do n't you see ? 
 we do n't work . 
 we never did . '' 
 it hurt so much to hear her saying it to my face . 
 she was right there in front of me and i could n't convince her that i was sincere . 
 `` if this is over than can i just have one more kiss ? 
 just let me say goodbye the right way , please ? '' 
 peyton did n't answer with a response . 
 she simply nodded and let my lips come closer to hers . 
 i closed my eyes as they made contact and savored how familiar it felt to kiss her , how natural it was . 
 pain overwhelmed me as our kiss intensified . 
 peyton was giving me one final kiss , and she was definitely showing me everything that i 'd be without . 
 our tongues collided , while my hands found her tiny waist . 
 i pulled her closer to me , as i poured my heart into the embrace . 
 breathless , i pulled away after feeling her tears reaching our lips . 
 i licked over mine to taste her salty pain . 
 i 'd never wanted to cry in front of anyone , but this moment between us was almost too intense to hold it in . 
 her bottom lip trembled as she spoke . 
 `` i will always love you , jamey , but it hurts too much to be close to you . '' 
 she ran out of the bathroom leaving me there to indulge in the worst pain i 'd ever experienced . 
 chapter 17 peyton had that really just happened to me ? 
 i could n't believe it , and i certainly was n't going to stick around for more . 
 i needed to get as far away from the restaurant as possible . 
 without explaining the root of my desperation to my brother and ashley , i stopped by the table to tell them that i was n't feeling well . 
 if they saw jamey they could figure it out on their own , without me having to go into detail with an explanation . 
 i took the bus back to the beach house , crying the entire way . 
 an older couple handed me a travel sized pack of tissues , in which i filled every single one with tears and snot . 
 it did n't matter how much time had passed . 
 seeing jamey face to face had brought back every feeling that i 'd felt for him . 
 i could n't shake him , no matter how hard i tried . 
 it was as if no time had passed . 
 when we kissed every rush of emotions came back full-force . 
 i did n't just miss him , i longed for his touch , for that affection that he 'd always given me when it was just the two of us . 
 by the time i made it inside of the house i was a nervous wreck . 
 i plopped down on my bed and bawled like a baby . 
 then my phone started to blow up with text messages . 
 i knew it was him , and even though i should n't have looked , i could n't resist . 
 are you okay ? 
 - jamey god , it was crazy how that kiss had affected me . 
 i do n't know . 
 - peyton it was the truth . 
 i did n't know what was going on inside of my head . 
 all that i 'd promised to myself was going down the drain after seeing him again . 
 how could he get to me the way he did ? 
 i was pathetic . 
 i am a mess now . 
 - jamey do n't say that . 
 - peyton it 's true . 
 i missed those lips . 
 i miss everything . 
 - jamey we ca n't . 
 i wo n't . 
 - peyton come out with me . 
 let me take you on a real date . 
 if you still hate me afterwards i 'll stop trying . 
 just give me the chance to say how sorry i am . 
 give me two hours , pey . 
 let me take you to dinner . 
 give me one more night . 
 - jamey i already gave you one last kiss . 
 what do you expect out of this ? 
 i wo n't change my mind . 
 - peyton i was n't too sure about that . 
 it 's just dinner . 
 we never have to touch . 
 i promise . 
 - jamey i already ate . 
 - peyton tomorrow night . 
 i will meet you at blue crab 's at seven . 
 you do n't have to tell anyone who you are meeting . 
 it can be our secret . 
 - jamey this is the last time , jamey . 
 if i agree to this then you need to promise you will stop all of this . 
 i ca n't take it anymore . 
 - peyton i promise . 
 one last night . 
 so , will i see you tomorrow ? 
 - jamey yes . 
 - peyton i 'd agreed to go on a date with jamey , knowing darn well that i would n't be able to resist him . 
 i would n't be able to look into the deep brown eyes and tell him that i did n't want him . 
 it was impossible . 
 before tomorrow night i 'd call and cancel . 
 i was sure of it . 
 except i did n't . 
 with little sleep i woke up the next morning feeling terrible with only one thing on my mind . 
 our kiss consumed me , so much that i found myself touching where his mouth had been just one day before . 
 i longed for more . 
 wrong or right , i could n't send that message , because telling him no was like breaking my own heart . 
 i had to do this , for myself , for closure that we both needed . 
 i changed my outfit three times before putting the first thing back on . 
 my hands were so shaky that i poked myself in the eye with my makeup twice . 
 if my brother did n't already suspect something was up , my actions gave it away immediately . 
 he was waiting on the balcony for me when i was about to leave . 
 as soon as ashley told me i knew that he 'd figured it out . 
 the sliding glass door had n't even shut all the way when he started talking . 
 `` pey , what are you doin ' ? '' 
 `` do n't start , shayne . 
 i 'm a grown up . 
 i can make my own decisions . '' 
 `` how many times are you goin ' to run back to this fool ? 
 he 's no good for you . '' 
 `` you sound like dad . '' 
 i knew that would hit a nerve with him . 
 `` i 'm lookin ' out for you . 
 someone has to . 
 did n't you learn your lesson the last time ? '' 
 it was funny , because shayne did n't even know about the last time i 'd been with jamey . 
 i 'd never told him about it . 
 `` obviously not . 
 look , it 's my mistake to make . 
 at the end of the day i 'm the only one that has to live with my choices . 
 besides , it 's just dinner . 
 it 's not like i 'm goin ' to end up in bed with him . 
 i know better than that . 
 we 're tryin ' to be friends . 
 ca n't you understand that ? '' 
 suddenly realizing that i was full of shit , i knew i had to get out of there , before i dug myself into a deeper hole with my brother . 
 `` do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 i kissed him on the cheek . 
 `` i love you for worryin ' about me , but i promise that i 'm fine . '' 
 i left before ash could give me her two-cents . 
 just like he 'd promised , i found jamey standing in front of the restaurant waiting for me . 
 he smelled like heaven , and unlike how he used to gel it down , his hair was blowing in the breeze . 
 i got goose bumps the closer i got to him . 
 `` you made it ? '' 
 `` i told you i would . '' 
 he opened the door for me . 
 `` i checked my phone twenty times to make sure you did n't cancel . 
 you look amazin ' . '' 
 a compliment . 
 i was n't used to that . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 when we reached our seat jamey rushed over and pulled the chair out for me . 
 he sat down across from me and waited for me to open my menu before he did the same . 
 `` i have n't been here in a long time . '' 
 `` me either . '' 
 i had to peek at him , to see the perfection of his face up close knowing that this was our last date . 
 he caught my stare and sat his menu down on the table . 
 i felt his hands coming across the table and did n't pull mine away . 
 i was too mesmerized in the moment . 
 `` you 're so beautiful . '' 
 `` stop bein ' so nice . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` i am simply observin ' what 's in front of me . 
 if this is our last date then i need it to be perfect . 
 tonight i 'm puttin ' my heart out on this table . 
 i realize that it 's not goin ' to get me anywhere , but i appreciate you givin ' me the opportunity to do so . '' 
 it was too much to hear , too much to handle . 
 i stood up and grabbed my purse . 
 `` i need to use the ladies room . '' 
 jamey stood up and i turned around quickly . 
 `` i 'll be back . 
 i promise . '' 
 the last thing i wanted was for him to follow me into another restroom . 
 besides the fact that i was afraid of what i would do given the opportunity to be alone with him again . 
 once inside of the lavatory i leaned over the vanity and stared at myself in the mirror . 
 `` what was i thinkin ' ? 
 this is the dumbest idea you 've ever had , peyton , '' i whispered to myself . 
 not wanting to mess up my makeup , that i 'd almost lost an eye over , i did n't splash water over my face to calm down . 
 instead i just stood there taking deep breaths . 
 i had to get through this night if i wanted to be able to move on . 
 when i got back to the table jamey had already ordered us drinks . 
 he had his hands folded over the table and smiled as i sat down across from him . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 he paused for a moment . 
 `` i know i am . '' 
 it was relieving knowing that we were both feeling the same . 
 `` i do n't trust myself with you , jamey . '' 
 `` i wo n't try anything . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` so what 's new with your life ? '' 
 i had to change the subject . 
 `` i moved into my brother 's old place , and picked up more shifts at the diner to pay the bills . 
 that 's about it . '' 
 he had to have been dating . 
 jamey did n't go without sex . 
 `` so you are n't seein ' anyone ? '' 
 he cocked his brow , as if my question had offended him . 
 `` no . 
 what about you ? 
 are you still seein ' wayne ? '' 
 i almost laughed thinking about my complicated friendship with wayne . 
 `` wayne is my friend , jamey . '' 
 `` so you 've never slept with him ? '' 
 his question was direct . 
 it bothered him that i could be with someone else . 
 `` i 've slept in the same bed as wayne , but we 've never had sex . '' 
 `` wow . 
 he 's takin ' the word slow to another level . '' 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 `` yeah , i bet . 
 there 's no way in hell he 's laying next to you at night and not thinkin ' about bein ' with you . 
 he 'd have to be g * y . 
 you 're the sexiest woman i 've ever met , and you 've got the heart of gold . 
 trust me , he wants you just as much as i do . '' 
 `` i 'm goin ' to ask you to talk about somethin' else . 
 it 's makin ' me uncomfortable . '' 
 our waitress came up at that exact moment , breaking up the awkward feelings i was having . 
 once we ordered she left us alone again . 
 `` so , do you see yourself becomin ' serious with this guy ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` jamey , i do n't want to talk about wayne . 
 it 's too complicated . 
 did you really ask me here to talk about some guy you do n't know ? '' 
 `` honestly , i came here tonight to convince you that i 'm the man you belong with . 
 the rest is just my nerves . '' 
 i giggled at his admission . 
 it was just like him to act that way . 
 `` you told me that this was our last date . '' 
 `` i will keep my promise as long as you keep an open mind . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i promise to be open-minded . '' 
 jamey reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a velvet bag . 
 i knew it contained a present , but was stunned when he passed it to me . 
 `` this is for you , but before you open it i want you to know what it 's for . '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` since this is out first official real date , and our last , i wanted you to have something special . 
 i also know that when we were seein ' each other i was n't exactly a gentlemen on birthdays , and holidays . 
 for two years i dodged those days so that i did n't have to buy you anything sentimental . 
 i was a total douche , and you should have left me a long time ago . 
 last night messed with my head . 
 i thought about all of the moments where i could have changed our future . 
 so i spent my whole day looking for the perfect gift . 
 open it and see what it is . '' 
 i reached into the small velvet bag and pulled out a pandora bracelet that was full of charms . 
 as the tears rolled down my face to see that he 'd given me a real piece of jewelry , he started pointed to the charms , one at a time . 
 `` the crab represents our love for the beach . 
 i would have given you this charm on your birthday . '' 
 he pointed to the next . 
 the suitcase reminded me of all the times you packed your bags to be with me , and then to leave me . 
 i should have bought you this when i first realized that i was losing you . '' 
 he pointed to the third charm . 
 `` the j is my initial . 
 after our first year i should have given this to you to represent that you were my girl . '' 
 he twisted the bracelet around and pointed to the next charm . 
 `` the present charm represents all of the gifts that i should have bought you . '' 
 moving onto the next one jamey started to get choked up . 
 in turn i began to cry harder . 
 he touched a charm that was a couple . 
 `` this should have been you and me . '' 
 then he pointed to the last one . 
 `` the heart charm means the most to me , because i should have known a long time ago what love felt like . 
 this represents my heart , and whether you decide to give me another chance , or say your goodbyes , i wanted you to have it anyway . '' 
 jamey stared at me for a second before standing up . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 i watched him walk to the restroom and go inside . 
 he 'd just given me something beautiful , so filled with emotion that i did n't know how to react . 
 this was the man that i 'd always wanted him to be . 
 how was i supposed to walk away from him ? 
 then i started thinking . 
 was he doing all of this to win me back ? 
 if i agreed would he go back to his old ways ? 
 i did n't know what to believe . 
 by the time he returned i was even more confused . 
 i held out my arm . 
 `` can you put it on me ? '' 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` i love it . 
 i 've never owned somethin' like this . '' 
 the smile on his face made me do the same . 
 suddenly all of the bad seemed irrelevant . 
 he was doing it to me again , and i was letting myself fall for it . 
 how i was going to walk away from this man was becoming a mystery that i did n't know how to solve . 
 agreeing to this date was a mistake . 
 my brother was right , because the only thing it was going to get me was a trip to jamey 's bed , and i could n't begin to stop myself . 
 chapter 18 jamey i was doing everything in my power , that i could come up with , to get her back . 
 with the help of lacey and sky i 'd bought her the bracelet and charms . 
 there was no need to rehearse what i wanted to say to her , because every bit of it was from my heart . 
 for the first time i was nervous , so much that i felt like i was going to get sick . 
 it was do or die . 
 she was n't going to give me any more chances . 
 the bracelet was just the beginning . 
 by the end of the night peyton was either going to believe me , or not . 
 while we ate our meal she kept looking at her bracelet , touching it as if she were worried it was going to fall off . 
 i appreciated how much she liked the gift . 
 it made me regret how many things i could have given her if i 'd just gotten my head out of my ass for five seconds to see it . 
 `` you know , livin ' alone has givin ' me a ton of time to think . 
 i was an arrogant bastard to you . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she sat down her fork and wiped her face before responding to me . 
 `` i think we should use tonight as a way to get past everything we 've gone through together . 
 if tonight is about sayin ' goodbye then maybe we need to lay all of our dirt on the table . '' 
 as much as i feared the topic , i knew i had to appease her . 
 `` sounds like a good idea . 
 i 'm ready for whatever you have to ask me . '' 
 `` how many times did you cheat on me , jamey ? 
 if this dinner is about closing doors then finally tell me the truth . 
 i 'm tired of not knowing , and it is n't fair that i have to hear shit behind my back . '' 
 she was n't going to ease into the questions at all . 
 `` you want a number ? '' 
 `` i want whatever you 're willin ' to tell me . '' 
 i sat my fork down , unable to take another bite when my food was creeping back up my throat . 
 `` i have to think about it . 
 do n't get pissed . 
 just give me a second . 
 there were several times when we were broken up , so they do n't count , right ? '' 
 `` i 'll give you that . 
 just the ones that you snuck behind my back with . '' 
 `` does phone calls count ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` jesus , are we talkin ' hundreds ? '' 
 `` god no . 
 hang on . '' 
 i thought back to every number that i 'd got at the diner , and then decided it was best if i just showed her . 
 i pulled out my phone and slid it across the table . 
 `` tell me a name and i 'll tell you what happened . '' 
 she scrolled through my phone . 
 `` well the first name is angie . 
 how about we save that for last ? '' 
 `` good call . '' 
 `` becky . '' 
 i thought for a minute . 
 becky had come into the diner with her father . 
 she 'd slipped me her number while coming back from the bathroom . 
 i called her a couple of times , but she lived too far away to go out . 
 `` never dated her . 
 she gave me her number at work . 
 we talked for a few nights and that was it . '' 
 peyton shook her head and moved to the next girl . 
 `` carrie . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i slept with carrie last year . 
 remember when we broke up before valentine 's day ? '' 
 i could tell it pissed her off . 
 `` how many times ? '' 
 `` once . '' 
 `` where at ? '' 
 `` in the backseat of my car , behind the diner . '' 
 her eyes filled with tears . 
 i think peyton assumed that it was our special spot . 
 it just so happened that when i got off work girls liked to meet me there . 
 we ended up never leaving the parking lot . 
 she slid the phone back to me . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 just tell me how many other girls you slept with behind the diner . '' 
 i swallowed the lump again and looked down at my shaking hands . 
 i could n't answer her . 
 `` how many , jamey ? '' 
 ` three in a span of two years . '' 
 she covered her face with her hands . 
 `` i ca n't believe you . 
 how could you do that to me ? 
 was i at your house waitin ' for you ? 
 was i in your bed while you were f ** kin ' them ? '' 
 i lost it . 
 she was calling me out and i could n't hide any longer . 
 i felt my eyes welling up and refused to look at her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 peyton stood up and threw her napkin in my face . 
 `` you disgust me , jamey . '' 
 i was about to yell that i 'd used protection , but all that would have gotten me was a punch in the face . 
 `` for the record i did n't cheat in the last year . 
 i swear . 
 it 's only been you . 
 i 've talked to girls on the phone , but nothing more . '' 
 `` what about angie ? '' 
 she turned and asked . 
 `` what about her ? 
 i told you . 
 we were n't together at all . 
 she tried when we went ridin ' one day , but i told her i could n't . 
 that 's the truth . 
 she made that story up , peyton . 
 i swear it . '' 
 i pulled out my wallet and tossed money on the table . 
 i was n't sure how much i 'd just tipped the chick , but there was plenty to cover the meal . 
 we made it all the way outside of the restaurant to the edge of the beach . 
 peyton kicked off her shoes and darted for the water . 
 i chased after her . 
 feeling the sand going inside of my shoes . 
 `` please wait . '' 
 she stopped when she could n't run any further . 
 hunched down crying , i reached out to comfort her . 
 peyton jerked away from me and slammed me in the side with her purse . 
 `` i hate you . 
 i hate you so much . '' 
 i felt wetness running down my cheeks as i pleaded with her . 
 `` baby , please . 
 you asked me to tell you everything . 
 i 'm tryin ' my hardest here . 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` what do i want ? 
 you want to know now ? 
 i want you to die . 
 looking at you makes me ill . 
 you are the scum of the earth , jamey billings . '' 
 i reached for her again , this time grabbing the fabric of her dress . 
 she turned to look out into the ocean . 
 `` you do n't mean that . 
 you would n't have come to dinner if you hated me . 
 you would n't have kissed me last night . '' 
 `` it was a mistake , '' she interrupted . 
 i placed my hands on her shoulders and felt her body shaking as she cried . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 you do n't make mistakes , peyton . 
 i 'm the one who f ** ks everything up . 
 i 'm the one who could n't see what was right in front of me . 
 you 've always been perfect . '' 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 she wiggled until my hands were n't touching her , then turned to face me . 
 her finger pointed in my direction . 
 `` you ripped out my heart . 
 so many nights i sat up waitin ' for you to come home to me . 
 i loved you with everything i had in me and you shit on it . 
 you shit on me , and everything i thought we had . '' 
 i pointed back at her , noticing the sun going down behind the horizon . 
 `` i told you not to label what we had . 
 i never promised to be faithful , and you know it . 
 i never gave you false hope . 
 you 're the one who insisted that we be monogamous . '' 
 she slapped me hard across the face . 
 i grabbed her wrist and held it as she spoke . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` you do n't . '' 
 i let her hand fall and grabbed her by the waist pulling her against me . 
 `` if you hated me then it would n't hurt so much . '' 
 she refused to look at me . 
 `` just leave me alone . 
 i ca n't forgive you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you slept with them . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 you 've destroyed me time and time again . 
 i feel like an idiot . 
 you were out f ** kin ' girls while i sat in your bed waitin ' for you . 
 how many times did you come home and f ** k me right after them ? 
 how many ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 there was a couple times where i could have , but i would n't have done that to peyton , even though she was better than all of them put together . 
 `` i may have screwed around with them , but they 'd never be you . 
 none of them have ever been in my bed . '' 
 `` oh that 's just great . 
 should i feel special now ? '' 
 her sarcasm was better than getting hit upside the head again . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 she refused . 
 `` god damn it , peyton , look at me . '' 
 she turned slowly , finally gracing me with those tear-filled eyes . 
 then she saw what she 'd be refusing to notice . 
 she saw my pain , my regret , and my loss . 
 `` i 'm in love with you , peyton . 
 ca n't you see that ? 
 look at me and tell me that i 'm lyin ' . 
 jesus , how much more do i have to sacrifice to prove it to you ? '' 
 she just stood there , crying while looking at me . 
 her lack of words let me know what i feared . 
 all of my efforts had been for nothing . 
 `` we 're over for good are n't we ? '' 
 she nodded , but did n't answer . 
 i could n't take it anymore . 
 there was n't any way i could stand there watching her break my heart again . 
 i 'd done everything she 'd asked me . 
 i 'd come clean . 
 i 'd changed . 
 i 'd worked so hard to make her see . 
 nothing worked . 
 i had to walk away . 
 i never looked back as i walked away from her . 
 the waves came in soaking my ankles , but i kept moving until the dark of night filled the sky . 
 when i knew i was all alone i sat down underneath a lifeguard stand and finally let my emotions go . 
 i did n't care if someone heard me , because my reason for living hated my guts . 
 chapter 19 peyton it was the hardest thing i 'd ever had to do . 
 unlike the times before it , this one stung unbelievably . 
 my heart felt like it was shattering inside of me . 
 i felt as if a dagger was being stabbed in my back . 
 when i arrived at the beach house i was met with two sets of concerned eyes . 
 ashley did n't question me as i fell into her arms . 
 i clung to her , letting the tears pour down my face . 
 `` i told you this was a bad idea , peyton . 
 what were you thinkin ' ? '' 
 `` do n't , babe . 
 give it a rest until she can tell us what happened . '' 
 ashley was determined to shut my brother up , and i loved her for it . 
 once i finally calmed down enough to take a drink of water , ashley sat down next to my brother and waited patiently for me to respond to their concerns . 
 `` i had to leave . 
 i could n't hear it anymore . 
 it hurt too much . '' 
 my words came out with so much emotion that i was n't sure they could understand me . 
 `` what are you sayin ' ? 
 did he hurt you , because if he did i 'll - . '' 
 `` no . 
 he never laid a hand on me . 
 jamey would n't do that . '' 
 `` then what . 
 pey ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 ashley was so kind with her questions . 
 it was the mother in her . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' i kept rambling . 
 `` i love him . 
 it 's hurts too much . 
 we ca n't be together . '' 
 `` you 're not makin ' any sense , sis . '' 
 i collapsed , falling to the floor before i could explain . 
 i understand how irrational i must have seemed , but my body would n't let me respond in any other way . 
 i was giving up , and letting myself succumb to the depths of loneliness . 
 my very concerned brother picked me up and carried me to the bedroom . 
 ashley followed close behind making sure i was comfortable , and that i did n't need anything . 
 i rolled over so that they could n't see my face . 
 the agony of what i was going through had been brought on from devastation . 
 i knew better than to ask about things i never wanted to know . 
 now i had to live with the truth , knowing that it would forever taint the love that i had for jamey . 
 after trying to pry what happened out of me with no result , my brother finally gave up , leaving me alone . 
 once they 'd all gone to bed i lay there restless . 
 i knew that jamey cheating was nothing new . 
 i 'd suspected it for a long time . 
 i think hearing him admit to it opened up a lot of old wounds that i 'd buried deep inside . 
 the sound of something on the window startled me . 
 i sat up in the bed and pulled the covers over my body . 
 a mini-blind prevented me from seeing outside , but the image of a person stood on the other side . 
 without looking i knew who it was . 
 last year i 'd told him what window was mine so that i could sneak him inside without my brother seeing us . 
 ever since our dad had given him back his key he 'd acted like he was in charge of who was allowed to come inside . 
 this time i was n't excited to see him . 
 in fact looking at him was only going to make matters worse . 
 on the other hand the pain of what had occurred earlier had made me irrational . 
 the mere thought of jamey being able to take the pain away gave me some kind of false hope . 
 i knew it was n't real , but i was desperate to feel it . 
 it 's what made me rush to that window and unlock it . 
 jamey stood there , in the dim lit yard . 
 his eyes were glossed over and puffy . 
 i could n't look at them without feeling more hurt . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 `` because i care about you . '' 
 `` you should have thought about that before you cheated on me . '' 
 the mere mention made me jealous . 
 he scratched his head , but climbed through the window after a second 's thought . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 `` i did n't say you could come inside . '' 
 `` i 'm not a f ** kin ' vampire , pey . 
 i do n't have to be invited into your room , and i certainly do n't have to have permission to do this . '' 
 he reached over and pulled me against his chest . 
 i wanted to hit him , to scream out so that my brother would come in and kick his ass , but my bones would n't let me . 
 i stood there motionless while his arms wrapped tightly around my back . 
 `` please do n't push me away , pey . 
 i 'm so sorry , baby . 
 i know you 'll never be with me , but i ca n't stand to watch you hurtin ' . 
 just let me hold you . 
 please , just let me . '' 
 i nodded and sobbed against his chest , feeling him kissing the top of my head . 
 `` this changes nothin ' , jamey . 
 i ca n't forgive you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 trust me , i know . '' 
 my arms clenched the back of his shirt as if i was holding on for dear life . 
 having him there , comforting me , it was n't like anything i 'd ever experienced with him . 
 while i was crying , i could feel his own shaking . 
 never in my life could i imagine jamey breaking down the way he was . 
 knowing that i was the reason made me sympathize with him . 
 i may have hated what he did to us , but i still loved him . 
 i 'm not really sure how it happened , but we ended up back in my bed , dressed of course , and not in a romantic way at all . 
 jamey was behind me , with both of his arms wrapped firmly around my torso . 
 i do n't think he would have let go even i tried to get away . 
 i could n't admit it to him , but i did n't remember the last time that i felt so safe . 
 being in his arms , having him hold me so desperately , it gave me this sense of security that i 'd obviously been lacking in my life . 
 this was the man i loved , no matter what he 'd done i could n't stop . 
 i know i said that i hated him , but it was n't true . 
 i was just so angry , so damn hurt that the lies kept piling up . 
 i knew they were a long time ago , but it felt the same as being only days before . 
 betrayal was evil . 
 it was a deadly sin that no person wanted to deal with . 
 after being silent for a little while , jamey adjusted to face me . 
 he ran the back of his hand over my jawline . 
 `` are you mad at me for comin ' over ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you want me to leave ? '' 
 i could see the torture in his eyes as he waited for my reply . 
 `` you probably should . '' 
 i paused , knowing that if i asked him to leave i 'd be alone again , left to cry in misery . 
 `` but i do n't want you to . '' 
 he smiled , while still looking deep into my eyes . 
 `` why ? '' 
 it was a difficult question to answer . 
 i did n't want to give him false hope , but i certainly did n't want to lie . 
 `` i do n't want to be alone . '' 
 `` your family is here with you . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 he kissed the side of my head . 
 `` i know what you meant , because i have n't been able to sleep in weeks . 
 nothin ' feels right . 
 i 'm just goin ' through the motions , tryin ' to figure out how to make things right . 
 i know you told me to leave you alone , but i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't get you out of my head . 
 it 's makin ' me crazy . '' 
 jamey picked my hand up and kissed it . 
 i hated how connected i felt to him . 
 where i should have been disgusted , all i wanted was to be right where we were , in a full-on embrace . 
 `` just hold me , '' i felt myself getting choked up again as i spoke . 
 `` do n't talk . '' 
 jamey did i as requested and held me in silence . 
 the room felt like it was spinning around as every different emotion possible came to mind . 
 i 'd confronted my demons and left myself vulnerable , and weak . 
 i was n't able to sustain from wanting him close to me . 
 as impossible as my situation was , i knew that i was n't going to let him leave my bed . 
 a little while later jamey had fallen asleep . 
 i continued to lie there staring at him resting so peacefully . 
 then i did something that i knew was a bad idea , yet i still went through with it . 
 i leaned forward and pressed my lips against his , just wanting to feel what it was like again . 
 i was gutted , yet still needed his touch . 
 his eyes opened with surprise . 
 for a moment i thought he was going to pull away . 
 surely he had n't come for this . 
 jamey began reciprocating immediately , reaching for my waistline and pulling off my top . 
 i did n't want this . 
 it was all i wanted . 
 i removed his clothes as if we had no time to spare . 
 seeing and touching his naked body gave me chills . 
 i had to feel every inch of him , no matter what the repercussions would be afterwards . 
 i needed to be completely overwhelmed by pleasure , if only temporary . 
 once we both were naked , sitting up facing each other , jamey stopped kissing me and brought his attention back to my eyes . 
 `` are you sure this is what you want ? 
 we can stop . 
 i just do n't want to hurt you any more than i already have . '' 
 i reached between his legs and took ahold of him , stroking him as i spoke . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 he lifted me then sat me back down slowly , maneuvering himself inside . 
 it had been so long that it was almost painful at first . 
 i began to bob my body up and down over him , feeling him touching my br ** sts . 
 his thumbs played with my ni ** les , flicking over them until they hardened to extremes . 
 the sensations made me lose track of my senses momentarily . 
 then i came to the realization of what we were doing , unprotected . 
 `` whoa . 
 stop , '' i wailed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're not wearin ' a condom . '' 
 `` we 've done it a million times without protection , pey . 
 i hate to break it to you , but i did n't bring anything . 
 you told me you hated me earlier , so i just assumed i did n't need it . '' 
 `` i do hate you . 
 that has n't changed . '' 
 he snickered and scratched his head like he did when he was in deep thought . 
 `` so what do you want to do ? '' 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 it 's different now . '' 
 `` look whether you believe me or not , i 've never had sex without protection with anyone but you . 
 i swear on my mother 's life . 
 i never f ** ked up with that . '' 
 i sat quiet for a second , taking in the fact that he 'd sworn on his mother 's life . 
 besides himself jamey only cared about few people . 
 she was at the top of the list . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? 
 this is a mistake . '' 
 before i could pull away from him anymore , jamey grabbed me and held me still . 
 `` no . 
 please do n't do this . 
 do n't make me leave . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 that much i was sure of . 
 `` i suppose if you were carryin ' some disease i would have already contracted it , right ? '' 
 he gave me a disgusted look . 
 `` come on , pey . 
 i was safe , and if you 're worried i just told you that it 's been a long ass time since i was with anyone . 
 it 's just been you . 
 i swear . '' 
 regardless of what was at stake i sat up straight on top of him and grabbed a chuck of his hair with both hands and tugged . 
 with a fistful of what was once his prized possession i stared into those brown eyes as if i were peering into his soul . 
 `` close your eyes . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 close your eyes . '' 
 i waited and watched as jamey reluctantly did as he was asked . 
 then i looked at his face , seemingly innocent , but harboring demons . 
 i needed to be free of him , of it all , except the idea of that made me feel like i wanted to give up completely . 
 i have to find reprieve , even if it were in the arms of my deceiver . 
 my lips pressed over his passionately , painfully , with so much regret . 
 i closed my eyes , not willing to see those eyes that knew me so well . 
 he was my love , my illness , and my greatest mistake , but without him my heart was empty . 
 all i wanted was to feel alive again . 
 i needed to know what it felt like to give myself to him once more , no matter what the consequences were . 
 he was my weakness , and i his . 
 together we had passion , apart we were nothing . 
 the second time he entered me i was fully aware of what was going on . 
 i 'd had time to reconsider . 
 he 'd given me a way out , and perhaps i should have taken it . 
 still , feeling him inside of me gave me power , but i wanted more . 
 our lips clashed together . 
 his tongue found mine , and as they mingled together i found myself wanting to cry out in passionate bliss . 
 our pace increased , while jamey clung tightly to the underneath of my cheeks . 
 he guided me over his c ** k with a sporadic rhythm . 
 each time he thrusted deep it would tease my clit . 
 i leaned back and held onto my tits , watching him watch me . 
 as i climaxed for the first time something happened to me . 
 i felt compelled to give jamey something that he would never forget . 
 i lifted myself off of him , leaving him wondering what was going on for only a second . 
 the moment i scooted down and took his full-on erection between my lips his reaction changed . 
 i felt him grabbing my hair as i bobbed up and down , massaging his balls with my fingernails . 
 i started rocking his dick with both my hand and my lips . 
 the harder i sucked the faster i moved my hand . 
 saliva ran down his shaft , lubricating it after i 'd licked off all of my own juices . 
 this was my cock , and he needed to know what he was about to lose out on . 
 jamey 's tug on my hair let me know he was about to blow his load . 
 i pulled away and licked the tip , feeling as if i was in control of what was happening between us . 
 he pulled me back onto his lap , noticing how much wetter i 'd become from sucking him off . 
 he licked my bottom lip before sucking it hard into his mouth . 
 i could feel the blood rushing to it suddenly as he let it go . 
 our tongues met outside of our mouths leading to a powerful kiss . 
 i began rocking back and forth again , feeling fulfilled both inside and out . 
 i reached around and dug my nails into jamey 's back as i started to climax again . 
 our mouths stayed together as i cried out in passion . 
 sweaty , and out of breath , we sat there holding each other , like we knew that it was the end . 
 i was going to regret it in the morning that i was sure of , but in that very moment all i could think about was never letting him go . 
 chapter 20 jamey i was at a loss for words . 
 after battling my own conscience over what i should do , i 'd managed to end up standing outside of peyton 's families beach house . 
 i should have known better than to walk up to that window she used to sneak me in , and knock on it . 
 my hands were shaking as i watched the image of her approaching that window . 
 when she let me inside i was prepared for anything , but not willing to walk away until i told her something that had been burning a hole in my heart for too long . 
 just a little while later we were tangled together , naked , and exhausted . 
 peyton had let me be with her , and it meant more than she 'd ever know . 
 what sucked was that it made it harder for me to be able to accept that we were over . 
 trust was the biggest issue for us , and without that i had no idea how we 'd ever work out , but i had to at least try . 
 i could n't give up on something that made me feel so right . 
 i had to find a way to prove to her that i 'd never take her for granted again . 
 sometime in the middle of the night we both found ourselves awake . 
 before any words were spoken we 'd already become engulfed in each other again . 
 just before we came together for the second time i sat her up and brought her lips to mine , holding them there while i spoke . 
 she needed to know once and for all that i was ready to be the man she wanted me to be . 
 maybe it was too late , but i was willing to try anything . 
 `` baby , wait . 
 there 's somethin' that i need to say . '' 
 she moved back enough to be able to look at me . 
 `` what is it ? 
 is there somethin' else you did n't tell me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do n't do this to me . '' 
 she shoved me away and moved to other side of the bed . 
 `` it 's nothin ' bad . 
 come back over here . 
 i need you to look at me when i tell you . 
 please , it 's important . '' 
 slowly she made her way to the middle of the bed where i sat . 
 i grabbed her hand and pulled it up to my lips , tenderly kissing her skin . 
 `` i 'm listening , '' she whispered . 
 it was hard for me to find the courage to talk about something so serious . 
 i 'd never had to do it before , but knowing what i was about to lose was making me desperate and able to do things that i never thought possible , to feel things that i never knew i would . 
 `` peyton , i 've been a f ** kin ' fool . 
 i never should have takin ' you for granted , but it happened , and i 'm so sorry that i hurt you . 
 you 've got to believe me when i say that . 
 i came here tonight because i could n't breathe knowin ' that you were so upset , and i was the reason . 
 god , i 'm so f ** kin ' pathetic . 
 i let my damn ego get in the way of everything . 
 i let my friends dictate my actions , and put myself before you , more times then i care to admit . 
 again , i apologize . 
 you 're probably never goin ' to forgive me for all that i 've put you through , but i could n't let you go without tellin ' you that . 
 when i 'm done this you can tell me to leave , and i promise to respect that decision . 
 i deserve to be kicked to the curb , and called more names that you 've already chose for me . 
 i 'm everything you never wanted . 
 why i am even this close to you right now is beyond me . '' 
 `` jamey , do n't . 
 we should n't talk . '' 
 she wanted me to stay , and i hated myself for agreeing to it , because we both knew that it was n't going to get better . 
 peyton and i had our chance at being together , and obviously she was n't the one to screw it up . 
 `` i need to say this . 
 i may never get another chance to tell you . '' 
 `` spit it out then . '' 
 i looked down at the sheets on the bed , and then back up to her , knowing that if i was going to do it i had to be respectable . 
 `` i love you , peyton . 
 i think i 've loved you for a long time , and just been too stubborn to admit it . 
 i wanted - . '' 
 she did n't let me finish . 
 her lips found mine and i felt her arms clenching to my shoulders . 
 then she started to tremble , causing me to open my eyes and see what was happening . 
 peyton was crying . 
 tears streamed down her face and a pair of glossed over eyes stared back at me . 
 i took my thumbs and wiped her cheeks . 
 she turned away and then smiled . 
 `` i 've waited so long for you to say that . '' 
 `` i know , baby . 
 trust me , i know . '' 
 i pulled her against my chest and held her tight as she continued to be emotional . 
 my confession was bittersweet . 
 even though i knew it was important , i 'd also turned a special moment into a tear-fest . 
 she cried in my arms for the longest time , unable to say much of anything . 
 finally her sniffles became less , and she looked up to respond . 
 `` i 've been in love with you for as long as i can remember . 
 i do n't know how to not love you , jamey . 
 the harder i try to get you out of my head the more i need you to stay . 
 i 'm so confused about all of this . 
 i know i should n't trust you , and that you 'll probably end up breakin ' my heart over and over again . '' 
 `` i know you feel that way , but you do n't know that for sure . 
 what if i 'm ready to be that guy you need ? 
 you wo n't know unless you try , right ? '' 
 she nodded , but i could tell she was n't buying it . 
 `` i feel like i 'm on this road that never ends . 
 we keep drivin ' it , but we never really get anywhere . 
 honestly , jamey , i do n't know whether to veer off and go a different direction , or refill my gas tank and force myself to keep goin ' . '' 
 i took a deep breath and kissed the top of her head , taking in the scent of her shampoo as i did it . 
 `` i wo n't give up on us , even if you decide that 's what you want to do . 
 i promise to not bother you , but i will find a way to change your mind , no matter how long it takes . 
 you 're worth it . '' 
 peyton sniffled again with her head still buried in my chest . 
 neither of us had paid much attention to not being clothed . 
 we 'd come to a point of comfort , where little things such as clothing no longer mattered . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 it was music to my ears . 
 `` i love you , peyton . 
 it 's not goin ' to change . '' 
 we finally got back under the covers and held each other again . 
 `` just stay the night , jamey . 
 we can talk in the mornin ' . '' 
 i could hear it in her voice that she was falling asleep , and honestly i was just as tired . 
 feeling content with being so close to her i closed my eyes and finally found rest . 
 it was n't the sunshine coming in through the window that woke us up . 
 it certainly was n't the sound of birds singing out in the trees . 
 it was having someone grab my ankles and rip me out of the bed . 
 peyton grabbed the sheet and began screaming as shayne yanked me off the mattress . 
 luckily in the middle of the night we 'd been smart enough to put our underwear back on , not that it made a good bit of difference . 
 shayne saw me in his sister 's bed and he was out for blood . 
 while peyton screamed and begged her brother to stop , i tried to figure a way to flip us around so that i was the one throwing the punches on top of him . 
 in only a bra and panties , i watched her jump on shayne 's back trying to defend me . 
 knowing that her brother would never hurt her he finally backed off . 
 i moved away from him and held up my hand to hold him off . 
 `` just calm down . 
 let 's be rational about this . '' 
 `` rational ? '' 
 he yelled back . 
 `` i just caught you in bed with my sister . 
 we 've been through this shit before , jamey . 
 i told you to stay the hell away from her . '' 
 `` she 's a big girl who can decide what she wants for herself , '' i defended . 
 `` you think she wants you ? 
 you 're nothin ' but a piece of shit . 
 do us all a favor and get the hell out of here . 
 leave my sister alone so she can move on . '' 
 peyton was already in a nervous wreck . 
 i could see her crying as she fought to get shayne 's attention . 
 `` please stop it . 
 i asked him to stay with me . 
 this ai n't his fault . '' 
 shayne pointed at me . 
 `` do you have any idea what you 've put her through ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 i 'm tryin ' to fix things , man . 
 i 'm tryin ' to make it right . '' 
 `` make it right ? '' 
 he let out a obnoxious laugh . 
 `` there 's no way to make this right . 
 you two ca n't be together . 
 it ai n't happenin ' . '' 
 `` it 's her decision , not yours . '' 
 i could see the hate brewing in his eyes . 
 if peyton had n't been holding his arms he would have pounced on me again . 
 `` shayne , i love her , dude . '' 
 `` you love her ? 
 you do n't know the first damn thing about love . '' 
 `` stay out of this , shayne ! '' 
 peyton came to my defense . 
 `` put some clothes on and leave us alone . '' 
 peyton shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not leavin ' you two alone . 
 please do n't fight , shayne . 
 you 're makin ' it worse for me . '' 
 `` i 'm helpin ' you , pey . 
 this is for your own good . 
 i wo n't let this joker drag you down anymore . 
 how many times are you goin ' to let him treat you like shit ? '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 i 'd had it . 
 this was between me and peyton . 
 shayne came at me . 
 we wrestled to the ground and i felt him getting the first blow in to my face . 
 i aimed for his side and nailed him with my fist . 
 we both tried to be the first recover , but peyton had something else in mind . 
 while screaming at both of us she jumped between our bodies . 
 her fear was apparent and i backed off immediately , holding my hands up as if i surrendered . 
 `` i 'll leave , '' i announced , after seeing how upset she 'd become . 
 after grabbing my clothes , and making sure shayne did n't follow me , i walked out onto the porch to get dressed . 
 it was n't like he was willing to let peyton and i talk things out . 
 her family was n't ever going to accept me , we both knew it . 
 once i had my shorts back on i started walking away from the house . 
 it was n't until i was about a block away that i heard her screaming my name . 
 `` jamey , wait up . '' 
 i stopped dead in my tracks and turned to see her running towards me . 
 she jumped up into my arms wrapping her arms and legs around the back of me . 
 `` what are you doin ' ? '' 
 `` i 'm gettin ' away from shayne . '' 
 that was n't the answer that i wanted to hear from her . 
 she dropped down to stand in front of me and all i could do was smile . 
 peyton was n't smacking me in the face or calling me names . 
 she wanted to be around me , and last night we 'd made love and held each other . 
 it had to mean progress . 
 i felt happy when we walked into my brother 's condo holding hands . 
 it also felt nice to see people smiling at us envying our connection . 
 i 'd always considered it annoying , so it was all a new learning experience for me . 
 joey , lacey , sky and ford all looked at us like we had three heads . 
 `` hey guys , do you mind if peyton hangs out with us on the beach today ? '' 
 ford took a bite of an apple and just shook his head , while my brother whispered something in lacey 's ear . 
 sky was the only person who had anything to say at all . 
 `` sure . 
 the more the merrier . 
 how have you been , pey ? '' 
 i left the girls to talk while i went to take a piss . 
 after brushing my teeth i stepped out to find my brother and ford standing there ready to hound me . 
 `` where were you last night ? '' 
 ford has his arms crossed as he demanded an answer . 
 `` i stayed with peyton . '' 
 `` do n't tell me shayne was there . 
 is that what his call was about ? '' 
 `` he called ? '' 
 i wanted to know what he told them . 
 `` i did n't answer . 
 we knew you did n't come home , and we ran into them last night . 
 it does n't take a genius to figure out who you were with . 
 i just do n't get why you keep diggin ' your grave deeper . '' 
 `` screw you both . 
 it 's different now . 
 i told you , i want to be with peyton . 
 i 'm done playin ' games . '' 
 joey laughed . 
 `` so you keep sayin ' . 
 i 'll believe it when i see it . '' 
 `` yeah , '' ford agreed . 
 `` i do n't care what either of you ass ** les say about me . 
 i 'll prove you wrong . 
 just wait and see . '' 
 my brother chimed in again . 
 `` i just want to know how you convinced her to hang out with your ass . '' 
 `` it 's a long story , that 's none of your damn business . 
 she 's here , and neither of you are goin ' to say anything to piss her off . 
 you got that ? '' 
 they both threw up their arms as if they were innocent . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 peyton 's here because she 's fightin ' with shayne . 
 she does n't trust me right now . 
 hell , i do n't know if she ever will again , but i at least have to try . 
 a little support would be nice . 
 i 'm really tryin ' to not f ** k up this time . '' 
 ford nudged my brother . 
 `` it would be good if you kept that little dick in your pants . '' 
 they both laughed at my brother 's comment . 
 `` you can suck my little dick , both of you . '' 
 they kept laughing , so i walked out on the porch . 
 they could joke all they wanted , and the girls could fill peyton 's head with nonsense . 
 at the end of the day this was all between her and i . 
 there was no way for me to know what was going through her head , or if she was just using me to get away from her brother . 
 all i knew was that i was going to do my damndest to change her mind . 
 chapter 21 peyton `` so what happened ? '' 
 lacey asked as soon as the guys walked out of the room . 
 i played with the bracelet that was still on my wrist . 
 `` where do i even begin ? '' 
 `` we want details , '' sky added . 
 `` jamey asked me to go to dinner , as a last date kind of thing . 
 i was reluctant about agreein ' , but we all know that i find it hard to tell him no to anything . 
 so i agreed , and at first it was perfect . 
 he was a gentleman , and he gave me this bracelet , which you already knew about . 
 thanks for that by the way . 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` so then what happened ? '' 
 sky interrupted . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i asked him about things i really did n't want to know . 
 the date went downhill pretty fast after that . '' 
 just talking about it got me choked up again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't help but get emotional . '' 
 lacey walked over and hugged me . 
 `` i know it hurts . 
 you have to realize that it was a long time ago . 
 jamey 's talked to us about all of this . 
 i really do n't see a reason for him to lie . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i wish i could get past it , i do . 
 jamey means everything to me . 
 no matter how hard i try i ca n't let him go . '' 
 `` that 's what love is . 
 you 're both so young . 
 it takes a long time to learn how to forgive and move forward . 
 you two are both going through your own kind of hell . '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` i 've been cheated on , peyton . 
 it sucks big time . 
 what you need to keep in mind is that it was never about you . 
 guys cheat because they need to feel empowered . 
 do n't get me wrong , they are ass ** les for doing it . 
 i just think that jamey saw joey 's old lifestyle and thought it was cool . 
 he did it because in his eyes he did n't need to ever be serious with someone . 
 i do n't think he ever anticipated falling in love with you , but that 's exactly what happened . 
 now he 's a crazy mess . 
 the problem is that this all falls on you . 
 whether or not you two work things out is all in your hands . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to do . 
 jamey 's the only person i 've ever loved . 
 even when i hate him , i still want to be close to him . 
 it makes no sense . '' 
 lacey and sky looked at each other and shook their heads . 
 after taking a sip of her coffee , it was lacey who chimed in next . 
 `` pey , how long have we been friends ? '' 
 i 've known her for years . 
 she 'd dated my brother before she got with joey . 
 `` a long time . '' 
 `` have i ever given you bad advice ? '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 if anyone made me feel better it was lacey . 
 she was always just a phone call away . 
 her kind heart had gotten me through a bunch of dark times . 
 `` it 's none of my business , and you can certainly tell me to go to hell , but if i were you i 'd try to figure things out with jamey . 
 you ca n't live your life in the past . 
 if you 're that distraught over losing him , then why put yourself through it ? '' 
 `` what if he cheats again ? '' 
 i was petrified of it . 
 `` peyton , you ca n't dwell on the past . 
 you either have to forgive him , or let him go . 
 it 's as simple as that . 
 do you love him enough to let go ? '' 
 sky asked . 
 my hands were shaking so badly while i considered those options . 
 it was so hard for me to make that kind of choice . 
 i knew that no matter what i wanted , i 'd always worry about jamey straying again . 
 while i fought with myself , two concerned friends awaited my reply . 
 `` i just do n't know . '' 
 `` do yourself a favor then . 
 do n't lead jamey on while you 're deciding . 
 we all know he is the reason that everything is a mess . 
 perhaps he needs to be taught a lesson . 
 if you ask me , he 's punished himself for a long time already . 
 both of you need to be on the same page , and it sounds like right now you are n't at all . '' 
 she was being honest with me on purpose . 
 i appreciated that sky would tell it to me straight . 
 still i felt offended . 
 i did n't want them to feel sorry for me , but i certainly did n't want them to feel sorry for the person i was still angry with . 
 `` maybe i should go home . '' 
 `` sky did n't mean to upset you , '' lacey reassured . 
 `` it 's not that . 
 she 's right , though . 
 i need to stop this back and forth . 
 it 's been goin ' on for too long . 
 i ca n't keep at it . 
 somethin 's got to give . '' 
 `` peyton , do n't you dare leave without telling jamey . 
 he 'll freak out and chase you down . '' 
 lacey was right . 
 jamey was determined to be with me , as if his presence was going to be the deciding factor in my choice . 
 `` i 'll talk to him . '' 
 when i left the kitchen i was more distraught than before . 
 my mind was in a million places . 
 i had so many people trying to tell me what i should do . 
 the bottom line was that it was my choice . 
 i found jamey standing outside . 
 ford and joey saw me approaching and went back inside of the house . 
 jamey smiled as soon as he saw me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` we should probably talk , '' i addressed . 
 he looked out onto the beach . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 `` you know i love you , jamey , that 's never been a secret . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` this back and forth is killin ' me . 
 it 's torture . '' 
 he finally turned to face me , leaning on the porch rails . 
 `` what are you gettin ' at ? '' 
 `` i need time . 
 i need to be away from you to be able to wrap my head around all of this . '' 
 `` let me ask you this , peyton . 
 if angie had n't have said those things where would we be right now ? 
 would you have started over with me like you wanted to ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i suppose . 
 it 's what i wanted the whole time . '' 
 he reached in his pocket and handed me his phone . 
 `` i get why you have to leave , but i want you to take this . 
 if i have to earn back your trust i want you to be in control of findin ' the truth . 
 i did n't sleep with her when she said i did . 
 i do n't care what you have to do to find the truth . '' 
 `` how do i know you have n't set this all up ? '' 
 i was n't born yesterday . 
 people snuck around to save their asses all of the time . 
 `` i 'm tryin ' here . 
 it 's the best i can do . 
 i have n't seen that bitch or talked to her . 
 i 'll give you a copy of my phone calls from the past six months . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat , realizing how far he was willing to go to prove his cause . 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 `` i get that i could have called her from another phone , but i 'm tellin ' you that i have n't . 
 she cost me you . 
 i want nothin ' to do with that common whore . 
 that 's the truth , baby . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around him . 
 it took him a second to respond . 
 his arms held me tight . 
 `` no matter what happens between us , i will always love you , jamey . 
 nothin ' can change that . '' 
 i pulled away and looked into his glossy brown eyes . 
 `` i have to go , because if i stay it solves nothin ' . 
 i do n't trust you , and gettin ' past that is what i 'm strugglin ' with . 
 to be honest with you , i do n't know if i 'll ever be able to . '' 
 `` i get it . '' 
 he looked down at the ground . 
 `` i think you already know your answer , and you 're just tryin ' to get away from me without a struggle . '' 
 i could n't answer him , because i truthfully did n't know . 
 this was the easiest way . 
 `` call me when you are on your way home . 
 i 'll bring your phone back to you then , if that 's okay ? '' 
 i was beginning to feel dizzy with anxiety . 
 it was important to make a quick exit . 
 `` sure . 
 keep it as long as you need to . '' 
 `` jamey , this does n't mean that we 're goin ' to be together . '' 
 i held up his phone . 
 `` i just need to get away from you so i can decide things on my own . 
 i ca n't be around you and think , '' i reiterated . 
 he grabbed me when i started to pull out of his hold . 
 `` wait . 
 do n't go without kissin ' me goodbye . 
 i may never get another one . '' 
 he did n't know how true his statement was . 
 i smiled , even though it was probably inappropriate . 
 `` what happens every single time we do goodbyes ? '' 
 it was difficult not to tear up . 
 inside i was falling apart . 
 he laughed and shook his head . 
 `` it wo n't this time . 
 i promise . 
 one kiss is all i want . '' 
 i leaned forward , hoping for a chaste kiss . 
 instead i got a lot more than i wished for . 
 his tongue was like poison to my soul , able to change my mind so quickly . 
 before i could reciprocate and get lost again , i pulled away and wiped off my lips . 
 `` this is why i need to get away from you . '' 
 `` you just kissed me like you wanted to stay . '' 
 `` i kissed you goodbye . '' 
 i gave him a smile as i walked away trying to calm my breathing . 
 he was too addictive to be around and think clearly . 
 i needed distance . 
 my brother was displeased to see me . 
 i saw him checking out behind me as i walked inside of the door . 
 `` i 'm not here to fight with you . '' 
 `` you could have fooled me when you pulled that shit earlier . 
 pey , what were you thinkin ' ? '' 
 `` i was thinkin ' that i wanted to be happy for once . '' 
 i crossed my arms and stood there by the front door , not willing to get any closer while he was still fuming . 
 `` i 'm only lookin ' out for you . 
 jamey is bad news . 
 i knew that when you first started datin ' each other . '' 
 `` i love him , shayne . 
 it 's complicated . '' 
 `` he does n't love you . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 his words were like daggers to my heart . 
 i hated that he was so hell-bent on making up my mind for me . 
 `` he disrespects you . '' 
 `` people can change . 
 you of all people should know that . '' 
 he put up his hands . 
 `` i give up . 
 it 's like talkin ' to the damn wall . 
 you 're never goin ' to learn until he completely destroys you . '' 
 `` it 's my decision . '' 
 i stood my ground . 
 shayne got up and walked out of the room without saying anything directly to me . 
 i could hear him talking under his breath , but did n't care much about whatever he was spewing . 
 while gathering my things i say goodbye to ash and the twins . 
 i could tell she felt sorry for me , but did n't want to piss off shayne by telling me . 
 the short drive home gave me little time to rationalize . 
 where i should have driven to my empty house , i headed for the one person who would give me the best advice . 
 wayne was surprised to see me walk into the bookstore . 
 he was sitting behind the counter with his head in a book . 
 after marking his page , he sat it down and shot me a worried glare . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be on the beach basking in the sun ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that was the plan . '' 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` jamey . 
 my brother . 
 drama . '' 
 wayne snickered . 
 `` why am i not surprised ? '' 
 `` because it 's like my life is on repeat , '' i suggested . 
 `` you know , you could change that if you wanted to ? '' 
 `` wayne , i need your advice . 
 i 'm so confused . '' 
 he walked toward me and wrapped his arms around me . 
 `` first things first . '' 
 i smiled knowing that he cared about my sanity . 
 `` i needed that , '' i said as he pulled away . 
 he led me over to a round table and we sat down across from each other . 
 `` it 's been quiet in here all day , so give it to me straight . 
 what happened ? '' 
 i sat there for the next hour explaining every detail of what had transpired at the beach . 
 wayne listened patiently , without interrupting . 
 when i finished i sat there waiting for him to give it to me straight . 
 `` what a mess . '' 
 `` i know , '' i admitted sadly . 
 `` peyton , i could give you advice , and tell you what i think you should do , but the question here is what do you want ? '' 
 `` i want to feel free , like nothing is bein ' hidden from me . 
 i want to be happy . '' 
 `` does jamey make you happy ? '' 
 `` yes , but he also makes me hurt . 
 he scares me . '' 
 `` i hate to break it to you , but this decision is yours to make , peyton . 
 you 're either going to take the risk or learn how to let it go . '' 
 `` if you found out your wife had cheated on you , what would you have done ? '' 
 wayne looked down at his hands . 
 i could tell it was a hard question for him to answer , as anything about his late wife was . 
 `` she and i talked about this once when she was sick . 
 she kept telling me to go out and find someone to keep me occupied so i would n't dwell on her being so sick . 
 of course i could n't do it . 
 anyway , i 'll tell you exactly like i told it to her . 
 my love for her was too strong to let go of . 
 we 're human , and it 's in our nature to make mistakes . 
 if she loved only me and wanted us to work i would have forgiven her , because i 'd rather know she was still mine , then lose everything we had . '' 
 it was shocking . 
 `` really ? 
 you 'd be able to get past it ? '' 
 `` i would never forget it happened , and i 'd always be cautious of what she was involved in , but i would forgive her . 
 my situation is much different than yours , peyton , and i realize some people find cheating as an endgame . '' 
 i stood up from the table and looked directly at wayne . 
 `` i need to go . '' 
 he stood up . 
 `` wait ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 there 's just somethin' that i need to do . 
 i 'll call you tonight . 
 we can have dinner or somethin' . '' 
 wayne waved to me as i ran out the door , not really explaining what had come over me . 
 i must have seemed like lunatic to him , not that i cared . 
 i had an idea and i prayed that it was going to work . 
 once i got back to my house in the comfort of the bedroom , i sat down on my mattress and pulled jamey 's phone out of my purse . 
 i scrolled through the names of females , feeling instantly nauseous how many he had , finally coming to angie 's number . 
 the text was to the point . 
 what 's up , sexy ? 
 - jamey she responded immediately . 
 i did n't think i ever hear from you again . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 did blondie finally give up ? 
 - ang i cringed reading her message , but jumped to respond back . 
 that bitch is crazy . 
 you were right . 
 - jamey i guess you want to hook up ? 
 - ang there was a few seconds where i wanted to throw the phone against the wall . 
 i was just thinking about the last time we were together . 
 i dreamed about it last night . 
 - jamey wow you remember that ? 
 it was so long ago . 
 - ang has it really been that long ? 
 i guess time flies when you 're having fun . 
 - jamey it 's been over a year . 
 i still have that shirt you gave me from the concert we all went to . 
 it has the date on it . 
 - ang i was shaking so badly , partly because she was talking about being on a date with him , but mostly because she was admitting they 'd never been together in recent months . 
 jamey had been telling me the truth the whole time . 
 you should n't have lied to peyton like you did . 
 i would have dumped her anyway . 
 _ jamey i was doing you a favor . 
 we both know you do n't do relationships . 
 - ang ang , that 's where you 're wrong . 
 i love peyton . 
 thanks for giving me the proof i needed to get her back . 
 - jamey i did n't want her knowing it was me . 
 after watching four messages come through , that i ignored responding to , i put his phone back in my purse and began to sob . 
 i 'd gone through hell because of that stupid bitch . 
 sure , he 'd cheated , but his honesty had been a breaking point for us . 
 wayne had been right . 
 i could spend my whole life miserable , or be with the man i loved . 
 i had a lot to do to make things right . 
 the first call was to my brother . 
 `` did you make it home safe ? '' 
 `` yeah , listen , i 'm goin ' to be with jamey whether you like it or not . 
 i hope that in time you can get past your feelin 's and get along , for me . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` yes , i am . 
 shayne , i do n't expect you to ever understand , but you can at least be supportive of my decision . '' 
 `` supportive ? 
 that son-of-a-bitch just showed up and started with me again . 
 i will never support you bein ' with him , that 's why i called the f ** kin ' cops . 
 your boy just got taken away in handcuffs , and i 'm guessin ' since he 's still on probation that his ass ai n't gettin ' out anytime soon . '' 
 i was in shock . 
 he could n't have gone there with intent to stir up something with my brother . 
 he had to have been mistaken . 
 `` please tell me you 're jokin ' . '' 
 `` do i sound like i 'm jokin ' ? 
 that little bastard ai n't comin ' on my porch disrespectin ' me . 
 i let him get one punch in before i called the authorities . 
 for the last time , peyton , stay away from him . 
 he 's bad news . '' 
 i hung up the phone before i could come up with something to say . 
 it made no sense at all that jamey would have gone and done that . 
 before i had time to think about what i was doing , i 'd gotten back in my car and started driving to the beach . 
 i had to fix this . 
 chapter 22 jamey about an hour after peyton left me standing on my front porch i decided that if i wanted another chance at being with her i had to make amends with shayne . 
 he and i had n't seen eye to eye ever , so i was aware of the challenge it would be to convince him that i 'd changed . 
 from the moment i arrived at his door all hell had broken loose . 
 shayne came at me , armed with a damn baseball bat . 
 he backed me up off of the porch while screaming . 
 `` get the f ** k out of here ! '' 
 i put my hands up signaling that i did n't want any trouble . 
 he needed to know that i was n't there to piss him off . 
 `` shayne wait . 
 i just want to talk . '' 
 `` bullshit ! 
 there 's nothin ' you can say to me that i have n't already heard . 
 i told you to stay away from my sister , but you did n't listen . 
 now she 's all f ** ked up again . 
 why ca n't you learn to leave things alone ? 
 has n't she been hurt enough ? '' 
 `` i 'm not tryin ' to hurt her . 
 i 'm tryin ' to make things right . '' 
 he pointed the bat at me . 
 `` get off my property or i 'll call the cops and tell them you 're harassin ' us . '' 
 `` i 'm not harassin ' shit . 
 if anyone 's bein ' ridiculous it 's you . '' 
 that 's all he needed to fuel his motivation . 
 he came at me , dropping the bat just moments before i could push him away . 
 i supposed i should have backed up and claimed some kind of self defense . 
 in the heat of the moment i was n't thinking rationally . 
 i came there for a talk , and now we were rolling around on the front lawn , getting in as many punches to each other as we could . 
 a neighbor that probably had been outside for the whole ordeal ran over and got between us . 
 once we were pulled away from each other , i sat back and listened to shayne spinning the whole story around to make it like i 'd come there to attack him . 
 the next thing i knew the cops were pulling up , putting me in handcuffs and shoving me into the back of their car . 
 it was like history repeating itself . 
 after being processed i sat in a cell waiting for my brother to show up to get me out . 
 unfortunately i discovered that i had to wait until the next morning for my arraignment . 
 in the meantime i was stuck without a way to contact peyton and let her know that i had n't done what shayne was obviously going to tell her i had . 
 that 's why it came to be a great surprise when i was visited by the person who had got me locked up in the first place . 
 with only a thick amount of glass separating us , i picked up the phone while never taking my eyes off of him . 
 `` are you happy now ? '' 
 `` that depends . '' 
 we both knew he was holding all the cards . 
 `` on what ? '' 
 `` how you want to handle this . 
 you see , jamey , i want you out of my sister 's life , and i 'm willin ' to protect her however i can . 
 since she ca n't seem to stay away from you on her own , it 's up to me to make it happen . 
 now you have two choices . 
 you can either agree to push her away , and leave her alone , or you can stay locked up and pray that they do n't make you serve more time . '' 
 `` you 're f ** kin ' blackmailin ' me ? 
 you 've got to be kiddin ' . 
 i knew you were an ass ** le , but this is bullshit ! '' 
 `` i do n't ' care what you think . 
 my family has had enough problems . 
 all you 've done is bring my sister down . 
 i 'm tired of seein ' her hurt . 
 i 'm doin ' what needs to be done . '' 
 `` this will destroy her . '' 
 `` no , you 're doin ' a fine job of that on your own . 
 this will save her . '' 
 `` you 're insane . '' 
 he was n't going to dictate my choices . 
 `` that 's an opinion . 
 make a decision so i do n't have to look at your face any longer . '' 
 `` you want me to choose between my freedom and your sister ? 
 that 's f ** ked up . '' 
 i could n't make that decision . 
 `` how will your family feel when they find out you 're goin ' back to jail ? 
 how about your mother ? 
 will she still support you , let you live in her house , and work at the diner ? '' 
 `` i do n't care about any of that right now . 
 i care about your sister . 
 i wo n't hurt her . '' 
 `` either way you 're goin ' to lose her , jamey . 
 face it , you 're out of options . '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 `` so you pick jail ? '' 
 he started to get up with a smile on his face . 
 i waited until he was about to hang up the phone before stopping him . 
 `` wait . '' 
 this was killing me inside . 
 `` i need time to think about it . '' 
 `` i wo n't make my statement until tomorrow mornin ' . 
 that should give you time to make your decision . '' 
 `` you 're a piece of shit , you know that ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` it takes one to know one . '' 
 i watched as he hung up the phone and walked away . 
 immediately i was taken back to my holding cell . 
 no sooner did i get back when they came and got me again . 
 this time the person waiting for me was my brother . 
 i picked up the phone , first listening to him scream at me , and then finally settling down to hear me out . 
 i proceeded to explain everything that had taken place between us . 
 by the time i was done my brother looked more pissed than me . 
 he wiped his face with his hands while he considered what to advise me to do . 
 `` bro this ai n't about just you and peyton anymore . 
 our families are connected . 
 if there is drama with the two of you it trickles down . 
 you know how pissed our aunt and uncle get . '' 
 `` man , now you ? 
 i need support . '' 
 `` jamey , we all like peyton . 
 it 's obvious you 're crazy about her , but enough is enough . 
 you need a break at least . 
 my advice to you is that you take shayne up on his deal . 
 let him drop the charges and get you out of this dump . 
 you can let peyton down easy , then after some time you can convince her that you were wrong . '' 
 `` do you have any idea what you 're askin ' me to do ? '' 
 my brother looked at me and shook his head . 
 i could see that he sympathized with my situation . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . 
 i do n't know what else to tell you . 
 this is ugly , and it ai n't goin ' to get any better with you bein ' locked up . '' 
 `` i ca n't hurt her again . '' 
 `` jamey , as your brother i 'm tellin ' you to make a wise choice . 
 in the long run it will all work out . 
 besides , you two can use the time apart to figure out if bein ' together is even what you both want . '' 
 `` do n't try to make me feel better . 
 nothin 's goin ' to help me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , bro . 
 you want me to talk to shayne ? '' 
 `` hell no . 
 you two have had enough beef . 
 i sure as hell do n't want you in here with me . 
 things have been mellow between you , and i know lacey appreciates it . 
 i 'll figure it out . '' 
 my brother stayed only to assure me that he 'd have my back with whatever decision i made . 
 i knew what had to be done , but going through with it was n't going to be easy . 
 shayne must have returned the next morning , because i was sent on my way a little after nine . 
 i did n't bother calling joey to come pick me up , because someone was already there waiting for me to come outside . 
 even though i could tell she 'd spent most of the night crying , from the swelling underneath her eyes , she still looked beautiful . 
 her arms were around me before i could prevent it . 
 she felt so good close to me , but i knew it could n't last . 
 her ass ** le brother was probably around the corner watching us . 
 `` i 'm sorry , pey . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 shayne said you attacked him . '' 
 i opened my mouth to argue , but knew this would give me the opportunity to break things off with her mad at me . 
 it was better this way . 
 `` he 's right . 
 i did . 
 i went there to give him a piece of my mind . 
 i 'm sick of his shit . '' 
 `` jamey , why ? '' 
 she backed away from me . 
 `` why would you cause more drama ? '' 
 i smiled , pretending that it made me happy to mess things up . 
 `` you were right all along , peyton . 
 i ca n't change . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why are you sayin ' that ? '' 
 i watched the expression on her face change from angry to painful . 
 `` we can be together now , jamey . 
 i forgive you . 
 do n't talk like that . '' 
 `` i 'm sayin ' it because it 's true . 
 i 'm never goin ' to change , and the sooner you realize that the sooner we can stop playin ' this game . 
 it 's not fair to you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't believe that . 
 i know you did n't sleep with angie . '' 
 she pulled my phone out of her purse . 
 `` i text her pretendin ' to be you . 
 she admitted you were never together on that day she claimed . '' 
 i could n't let her forgive me . 
 she had to be angry . 
 it was the only way to ensure she would n't keep trying . 
 `` i saw her last week and told her you 'd be callin ' . 
 i gave her a password , so she 'd be able to tell the difference between me and you . '' 
 she began to sob heavily . 
 `` you 're lyin ' . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 waves of anguish washed over me as i lied to the only woman i 'd ever loved . 
 this was torture that even i did n't deserve . 
 she was being crushed and i knew i could n't comfort her . 
 this was sealing our fate forever . 
 shayne was getting what he wanted , and i was losing everything . 
 `` look , baby , i 'm sorry . 
 i thought i could make it work , but it 's not possible . 
 we both need to go our separate ways . '' 
 peyton turned and ran away without saying anything more . 
 realizing that i 'd just ruined my life , i started to run after her . 
 i watched her pulling away from the curb as she rolled down the window and tossed out her bracelet on the street . 
 i picked it up and stared down at it . 
 this was what it felt like to hit rock bottom , to be completely alone without hope . 
 maybe i deserved this ending . 
 maybe peyton was too good for me . 
 i would never know the answer , because i 'd been pushed into a decision that would ruin me forever . 
 i had to let her go . 
 chapter 23 peyton how was it possible that this was happening to me again ? 
 i 'd fought so hard for answers to find a way to forgive jamey for what he 'd put me through . 
 he 'd done so much to prove to me that he 'd changed , and now he 'd just thrown me away as if i never meant anything at all . 
 i was so distraught that i had to pull off the road to calm down . 
 i picked up my phone and sent jamey a message to try to figure out what was going on , because none of it made sense . 
 talk to me . 
 - peyton jamey , please answer me . 
 - peyton do n't do this . 
 - peyton my messages were left unanswered . 
 ii had no clue what was going on . 
 the last time i 'd seen jamey he was doing everything he could to get back together . 
 now , just a day later , he was pushing me away . 
 none of it made sense , and i was too devastated to figure it out . 
 when my phone rang i thought it was jamey , so i picked it up on the first ring . 
 `` hey . 
 what are you up to ? 
 i was just thinking about you and wanted to make sure you were okay . '' 
 wayne 's voice was not who i wanted to hear . 
 my instant sobs let him know that i was far from okay . 
 `` peyton , talk to me . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` jamey got arrested for fightin ' with my brother . 
 now all of a sudden he wants nothin ' to do with me . 
 he pushed me away , wayne . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` in my car . '' 
 `` you need to calm down . 
 you ca n't be driving around in that condition . 
 peyton , you 've got to get yourself together . '' 
 `` i ca n't think straight . 
 it 's all happenin ' so fast . 
 i thought we were goin ' to start over . 
 why does n't he want me anymore ? 
 what did i do to deserve this , wayne ? '' 
 `` peyton , can you make it here , or do you need me to come and get you . 
 abigail and i can drive as far as we need to . '' 
 i shook my head , even though he could n't see me . 
 `` no . 
 i can make it . '' 
 `` hang up the phone and keep your focus on the road . 
 we 'll figure this out . 
 i promise . 
 if you need to pull over to gather yourself just call and let me know . 
 i 'm worried about you . '' 
 `` i 'll be there soon . '' 
 i hung up the phone and immediately started bawling again . 
 no matter how i tried to calm down it was n't happening . 
 jamey had destroyed me , and i just did n't understand why . 
 by the time i pulled up at wayne 's house he was outside on his porch waiting for me . 
 he ran to the car before i could even get out . 
 the moment his arms wrapped around me i collapsed . 
 wayne was n't a big guy , but he managed to pick me up and carry me inside . 
 he sat me down on his bed and left the room , only to come back with a glass of water and a pill . 
 `` take this . 
 it will make you feel better . '' 
 i sat and took the glass in my hand . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's a xanax . 
 the doctor gives them too me for anxiety . 
 trust me , you need it . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be a zombie . '' 
 `` silly woman , it wo n't knock you out . 
 it will just help you to relax . 
 now if you add a few glasses of wine with it , well that 's a different story . '' 
 he winked and waited for me to take the medication . 
 `` thanks , '' i said after i 'd swallowed . 
 `` i hate seeing you like this , peyton . 
 you 've got a lot going for you . 
 you 've got your classes , and a big family that loves you . 
 plus you have me and abigail . 
 i know you feel like you 're alone , but you 're not . '' 
 i wiped my tears away with a tissue and looked up at him . 
 his comfort meant the world . 
 `` thanks , wayne . 
 you 're always here for me . 
 i 'll never be able to make it up to you . '' 
 `` being my friend is good enough . '' 
 he picked up the box of tissues and grabbed me some more . 
 `` why do n't you go get a bath . 
 there 's shirts and shorts in my third drawer down . 
 abigail and i were just about to make ice cream sundaes , so once you 're done come out and eat them with us , okay ? '' 
 i grabbed his hand before he could walk out of the room . 
 `` how did i get so lucky to find you , wayne ? '' 
 `` i was the lucky one , '' he replied . 
 it took me a while to get up and head into the bathroom . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was take care of myself . 
 my whole world was turned upside down . 
 i wanted to go to sleep for a month so that i did n't have to feel the pain of it all . 
 soaking in the hot water did n't help at first , well not until the medication kicked in . 
 then i just felt calmer . 
 it was n't like it stopped me from feeling , or crying . 
 i could have filled the tub with all the tears i had left inside of me . 
 when i climbed out of the tub and headed back into the bedroom to get dressed i sat down on the bed wrapped in a towel , grabbed my phone out of my purse and dialed jamey 's number . 
 i just wanted him to explain to me what had happened for him to not want to be with me . 
 `` this is jamey , leave me a message . '' 
 i waited for the tone and tried my best not to cry as i spoke . 
 `` it 's me . 
 i do n't know what 's goin ' on . 
 last night you told me you loved me . 
 i felt it . 
 i know you were n't lyin ' . 
 i just do n't understand what 's goin ' on . 
 what did i do to make you push me away ? 
 did i say something that pissed you off ? 
 is it because i - . '' 
 the phone disconnected before i could finish . 
 i tossed it back into my purse and buried my face into a pillow . 
 it was n't like he ever listened to his messages . 
 he told me one time that he only set it up so that people would n't keep calling . 
 after getting myself together enough to stand up , i walked over to the full-length mirror and let the towel drop . 
 there had to be something about me that turned jamey off . 
 if it was n't my personality , or the way i acted , then maybe he did n't find me attractive . 
 the sound of the door opening made me reached down and cover myself back up . 
 wayne stood there in front of me . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was just checking on you . '' 
 i do n't know what made me do it . 
 i 'd like to have blamed it on the pill he gave me , but i knew it had nothing to do with my actions . 
 i let the towel drop , revealing my fully naked body to wayne . 
 i watched him take a deep breath and let his eyes wander . 
 i took a step forward and reached for his hand . 
 when he did n't pull away i got even closer . 
 while on my tippy toes , i reached up and kissed him on the lips . 
 wayne leaned against the door and fastened the latch before turning around . 
 he pressed me onto it and picked me up in his arms . 
 our lips clashed together almost violently , like he 'd gone too long and could n't control his sexual desires . 
 i tugged on his t-shirt and easily lifted it over his head . 
 our mouths met again sending us in a whirlwind of kissing . 
 i needed to feel wanted , and wayne just longed for some kind of release . 
 within minutes he 'd spun us around and tossed me down onto his bed . 
 i could feel his stiff erection pressing into me as he began kissing my neck and moving downward . 
 i reached to unfasten the buckle of his jeans and all of a sudden he froze . 
 he looked up at me with petrified eyes and then quickly climbed off the bed . 
 by the time i sat up he was already putting his shirt back on . 
 `` peyton , i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't , we ca n't do this . '' 
 i covered my face with my hands . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i do n't know what 's come over me . '' 
 he sat down on the bed next to me and handed me the sheet to cover up with . 
 `` you 're in a real bad place . 
 you 've just been traumatized by your ex , and it 's only natural for you to seek out some kind of attention . 
 i 'm not mad at you . '' 
 i reached for his hand , but he pulled away . 
 it made my lips begin to tremble . 
 `` oh god , please tell me that you do n't hate me now too . '' 
 he laughed and shook his head . 
 `` of course i do n't hate you . 
 it 's just that i ca n't do that , not with you or anyone else . 
 it still feels like i 'm cheating , and i could n't live with that . 
 peyton , i told you before how special you were to me , but we ca n't be anything more than friends . 
 i love you , but it 's not the way you need to be loved . 
 be honest with yourself , is it me that you want to be with , or jamey ? '' 
 i let my head fall against his arm . 
 `` you 're right . 
 wayne , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'd never use you . 
 what is wrong with me ? '' 
 he looked over at me and wiped the tears off of my cheeks . 
 `` you are coping . 
 you 've got every right to be irrational . 
 i wo n't tell anyone . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i would n't want it getting out that i stripped down to nothin ' and still got rejected . '' 
 we both started to laugh . 
 my head was pounding , and i knew i had to calm myself down . 
 `` you 're a godsend . '' 
 he finally grabbed my hand . 
 `` our friendship is important to both of us , peyton . 
 get dressed and come out for some ice cream . 
 abigail probably ate all the sprinkles by now . '' 
 i watched him stand up and head toward the door . 
 `` wayne ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he turned to look at me . 
 `` will you sleep with me tonight , like we did before ? 
 i just do n't want to be alone . '' 
 he smiled again . 
 `` as long as you do n't snore like the last time . '' 
 i let out a little laugh as he exited the room . 
 he 'd gotten me to do it and i was appreciative . 
 for a moment i forgot about my problems . 
 i needed to teach myself how to do that if i was going to be able to get through this disaster in one piece . 
 i had to put on my big girl panties and figure out how to get over jamey . 
 when it was time for bed i cuddled up next to wayne . 
 though i felt awkward about what had happened between us earlier , being close to him still made me feel safe . 
 `` you can stay here as along as you want , peyton , '' wayne whispered . 
 `` i do n't want abigail to get the wrong idea . '' 
 `` she knows we 're friends . 
 she asks me almost every day . '' 
 i turned to face him . 
 `` she asked me before too . '' 
 `` yeah , she 's curious . 
 it 's only natural . 
 i like to think that you being around is good for her . 
 plus she likes your southern accent . 
 she wants to know why i ca n't talk to like you do . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` i do n't have an accent . '' 
 `` yes you do . 
 it 's cute . '' 
 i got quiet for a moment . 
 there was a time when jamey used to call me cute . 
 it hurt to think about him in anyway , and i could n't help myself . 
 `` do you think i 'll ever be able to get over him ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it may take time , but you 're going to do it . '' 
 `` i appreciate the optimism , especially when i feel like it 's impossible . '' 
 `` try to get some sleep . 
 i promise it will help . 
 if anyone knows how to deal with a broken heart it 's me . 
 i think about her everyday , peyton , but i keep going , because i know i have to . 
 you 'll figure out a way to do the same . '' 
 `` what if i do n't want to ? '' 
 wayne pulled me closer and kissed the top of my head . 
 `` you 're strength is empowering . 
 if you do n't want to give up i imagine you 'll find a way to get what you want . '' 
 when i closed my eyes i did n't think about what i 'd lost . 
 i thought of ways to get it all back . 
 chapter 24 jamey `` that 's enough rum , jamey . 
 the bartender is about ready to ask us to leave . '' 
 joey was n't in charge of my alcohol consumption . 
 i had everything under control . 
 `` one more shot ! '' 
 i went to push the stacked shot glasses toward the bartender and they all went crashing behind the counter . 
 i could hear them shattering as they hit the floor . 
 `` all right . 
 that 's enough . 
 get this guy out of here . '' 
 the middle aged man was not to happy with me . 
 `` come on . 
 it was an accident . '' 
 i felt my body being pulled off of the seat . 
 ford had one arm while joey had the other . 
 i tried to fight them off , but both were bigger in stature than me . 
 `` i 'm not goin ' to let you ruin this night for me . '' 
 i looked over at ford confused . 
 `` what are you talkin ' about ? '' 
 `` we did n't want to tell you , since you and peyton broke up , '' joey explained . 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 `` ford and sky set a date . 
 we were comin ' out tonight to celebrate . '' 
 i took my eyes off of my brother and looked at my cousin . 
 i suppose i should have been happy for him and sky . 
 they were happy , and the best of friends . 
 i 'd given up my happiness , and my very best friend . 
 i reached down the bar and grabbed someone else 's drink , holding it up in the air . 
 `` here 's to your f ** kin ' happiness . 
 hopefully she does n't have a brother that takes everything you love and turns it to shit ! '' 
 i down the concoction without even looking to see what it was . 
 the next thing i knew i was being dragged out of the establishment . 
 joey tossed me down on the curb . 
 `` you need to get yourself together . '' 
 `` fuck you . 
 this is the new me . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 `` look , i do n't know what happened to you today , but you need to chill the f ** k out . '' 
 he had me by my shirt , and all i could do was laugh . 
 it pissed him off even more , so much so that he tossed me back down on the concrete and walked back inside of the bar . 
 i sat back up and looked around at the empty street . 
 i 'd been drinking since lunch time and had no idea what time it was now . 
 i did n't even care . 
 nothing mattered to me , because i 'd done everything in my power to win back my girl only to lose her again for something that i had no control of . 
 she was out there somewhere hurting and i knew that i was to blame . 
 forget about my dignity or pride . 
 i did n't care who saw me acting like a little bitch . 
 i had nothing left to lose . 
 shayne had stripped me of it all . 
 he had to pay . 
 i pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and dialed her number . 
 she needed to know what her brother was up to , and what he 'd done to keep us apart . 
 i could n't lose her like this . 
 she was worth going to jail over . 
 i 'd made a mistake . 
 it rang four times before her voicemail picked up . 
 `` you 've reached , peyton . 
 leave me a message and i 'll call you right back . '' 
 `` pey , baby it 's me . 
 i need to tell you a secret . 
 you 're brother , shayne , is a douche . 
 he 's like a f ** kin ' cock suckin ' prick . 
 are you there ? '' 
 i looked at my phone and saw that it had turned off from a low battery . 
 i was so pissed about it that i tossed it across the street and watched it shatter into pieces . 
 i looked behind me to make sure that my brother was n't watching my back . 
 when i knew he 'd left me all alone i got up and started walking back to our place . 
 on the way i made a pit stop at peyton 's beach house . 
 shayne 's car was parked in the driveway , so i took it upon myself to piss on his tires . 
 he 'd probably never know the difference , but i 'd never forget it . 
 then as i was walking away i felt it necessary to let the whole world know how much of a prick he was . 
 the only problem with that was the person sitting on the front porch . 
 i was n't sure who it was until she stood up . 
 i started to walk down the street , but she kept following me . 
 after passing two more houses she caught up . 
 i turned to see how close she was and she shoved me to the ground . 
 `` jamey , what do you think you 're doin ' ? '' 
 `` ash , this does n't concern you . 
 just go back to your dickhead husband and mind your business . '' 
 `` are you kiddin ' me ? 
 you 're drunk and you just pissed on my car . 
 i should call the cops again . '' 
 i grabbed her by the arms abruptly . 
 `` please do n't i lost peyton because of it . '' 
 `` what are you talkin ' about ? '' 
 `` it was shayne . 
 he told me he 'd drop the charges if i broke up with peyton for good . 
 he said if i did n't then he 'd make sure i got locked up again . 
 i should have picked peyton and just done more time . 
 i know that now . 
 i made the wrong choice , ash , and now she 's gone . '' 
 ashley looked behind her to make sure nobody was looking at us . 
 to be honest i think it was late , because everyone 's lights were turned off in their houses . 
 `` you 're tellin ' me that my husband blackmailed you into breaking up with peyton ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i watched her silently freaking out . 
 `` listen , jamey , you need to understand that he 's just worried about his sister . 
 we were there when you broke her heart over and over again . 
 i 'm sorry that he made you do that , but it 's not too late . 
 peyton 's a grown woman . 
 she can make her own choices , and i know how much she loves you . 
 i 'll talk to shayne . 
 i 'm not makin ' any promises , but i 'll try to get him to back off of you . '' 
 she could n't begin to understand what was going on . 
 `` ash , you do n't get it . 
 peyton and me are through . 
 i told her i lied and cheated so that she 'd never want to talk to me again . '' 
 `` you what ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 i watched the mother in her coming out . 
 she cared about peyton , and i 'd made her upset . 
 i sat down on the curb when it started to feel like i was spinning . 
 my life was out of control . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 ashley kicked me in the shin . 
 `` boy , i ought to kick your little ass . 
 how could you do that to her ? '' 
 the better question was how could she marry such a loser . 
 `` maybe if you 'd kept a leash on your douche of a husband i would n't have had to do anything . '' 
 she paced around in the street . 
 `` i need to call her . 
 she must be a mess . 
 i wonder if she went to wayne 's house . '' 
 hearing his name pissed me off . 
 peyton said they were just friends , but at this point any other man was a threat to me . 
 she was beautiful and kind . 
 it was only a matter of time before he saw that and took full advantage of her vulnerability . 
 `` wayne ? 
 you think she 'd run right to him ? '' 
 `` after what you did to her there 's no tellin ' where she 's run off to . 
 i can promise you this , if she 's hurt herself in anyway i 'm holdin ' you and shayne personally responsible . 
 that girl 's been nothin ' but good to both of you . '' 
 she 'd been too good to me . 
 she 's loved me and forgiven me when i did n't deserve it . 
 i stood up and tried to calm her down . 
 `` ash , i love her . 
 i love her so much it 's killin ' me inside . 
 i f ** ked up again and again , and i have no idea how to make it right . '' 
 she looked me right in the eyes . 
 `` go home , sleep off the alcohol , and make things right in the mornin ' . 
 i will deal with my husband . '' 
 `` you goin ' to divorce him ? '' 
 i hoped she was . 
 `` of course not . 
 i might feel like kickin ' his ass , but you do n't give up on the people you love , especially not after all we 've been through . 
 if anyone can get through to him it 's me . 
 i 'm sorry this happened to you , but you 're the only person who can make it right . 
 go home , jamey , before my neighbors call the cops again . '' 
 i walked the rest of the way home in silence . 
 getting drunk and fighting with my brother had led me to talk to ashley . 
 maybe it was n't such a bad idea after all . 
 now i just had to convince peyton to forgive me for the hundredth time . 
 chapter 25 peyton i woke up only when i felt the bed moving . 
 wayne had climbed out and headed for the bathroom . 
 the clock read eight , so i pulled a pillow over my head and closed my eyes . 
 my head was still pounding and i knew it was a result of all the crying i 'd been doing . 
 honestly , i was tired of feeling this way . 
 i wanted to be strong and independent . 
 my time of dwelling on what i could n't have needed to end . 
 wayne started a shower and closed the bathroom door . 
 since i knew he would n't want me doing it , i pulled out my phone and peeked while i knew he was indisposed . 
 there was a missed call from jamey . 
 i do n't know why it got me excited , because he could have very well called to tell me to stop leaving him messages . 
 i called the voicemail to see if my waiting message was from him . 
 `` pey , baby it 's me . 
 i need to tell you a secret . 
 you 're brother , shayne , is a douche . 
 he 's like a f ** kin ' cock suckin ' - . '' 
 the message cut off . 
 i looked down at my phone wondering why in the hell he 'd call me to cut down my brother like that . 
 it was obvious that they 'd gotten into a fight , but after hurting me so terribly he 'd think it was okay to belittle my family on a message ? 
 it made me so angry . 
 when i heard wayne coming out of the bathroom i turned off my phone and put it back in my purse . 
 he walked out in a towel with his chest bare . 
 wayne was an attractive man , his light hair and honest eyes always made me feel safe . 
 `` good morning . 
 do you feel any better ? '' 
 i reached up and touched my swollen eyes . 
 `` my head is killin ' me from all this cryin ' , and i probably should n't tell you this but i got this message from jamey on my phone last night where he called my brother a few choice names and then hung up . 
 now i 'm more pissed off at myself for being stupid enough to sleep with him again in the first place . '' 
 `` you did n't mention that you slept with jamey . '' 
 i 'd neglected to share every detail of what had transpired between us . 
 there were just some things that i did n't like talking to wayne about . 
 the last thing i needed was for him to think i was becoming a whore . 
 i 'd already been called that in high school , and vowed to never be that person again . 
 `` it was a small detail that i left out . 
 it 's not like i planned it . '' 
 `` you know what i think ? '' 
 i climbed out of bed and headed toward the bathroom . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was fully prepared for a lecture . 
 sometimes wayne was as bad as my own mother , except i could avoid seeing her much easier . 
 `` i think your brother might have said something to jamey yesterday . 
 think about it . 
 he was set on doing whatever it took to get back together , and then after fighting with your brother he changed his mind , telling you it was all some kind of mistake . 
 unless your boyfriend has a mental illness like bi-polar disorder i 'd say that someone was forcing his hand . '' 
 what wayne was saying made sense . 
 it would explain why jamey was all over the place , and also why he 'd pushed me away so abruptly at the police station . 
 `` it 's possible . 
 my brother had him locked up before for drinking . 
 it caused a lot of problems . '' 
 `` that 's when we became friends . 
 i remember you telling me about it . 
 do you think your brother is capable of doing something so severe to protect you ? '' 
 `` i suppose . 
 he hates jamey so much . 
 i would n't put it past him . '' 
 `` peyton , you need to get to the bottom of this . 
 if your brother did this to you than you still have a chance to work things out . 
 as your friend , who does n't want to see you suffering , i 'd suggest you get this all figured out , sooner than later . '' 
 i sank down on the mattress . 
 `` god , you 're right . 
 what am i goin ' to do ? 
 how will i know ? '' 
 `` i 'd call that boyfriend of yours for starters . 
 he 'd probably come clean before your brother . 
 i 've got a feeling that if this is all true shayne is n't going to broadcast that he was the reason for your pain . '' 
 i 'd been angry at shayne a million times in my life , but for him to mess around with my relationship was beyond wrong . 
 i picked my phone back out of my purse and dialed someone who i could talk to about our brother . 
 `` hey , sis . 
 how 's it goin ' in farmville ? '' 
 `` it blows . 
 listen , i 'm callin ' because i need your advice . '' 
 `` what have you gotten yourself into now ? '' 
 leave it to my twin to assume i was in some kind of trouble . 
 `` i have n't done anything . 
 it 's shayne . '' 
 `` what did he do ? 
 did he cheat on his wife ? 
 did she cheat on him ? '' 
 `` jesus , will you shut up and listen to me ? 
 it 's nothin ' like that . '' 
 the line got quiet . 
 `` is somethin' wrong ? 
 tell me , pey . 
 i can hear it in your voice . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i think shayne my have sabotaged my relationship with jamey . 
 it 's a long story , but i wanted your advice on how i should handle it if it 's true . 
 i live with him for christ sakes . 
 how can i look at him and not want to kill him in his sleep ? '' 
 my brother burst into laughter . 
 `` you 're not goin ' to kill him . 
 do n't even say that . 
 if you 're that pissed you can always move back in with mom and dad . '' 
 `` that will never happen . '' 
 `` then make amends with your boyfriend . 
 just know that if i find out he 's cheatin ' i 'm going to have his balls removed with a steak knife . '' 
 i cringed just thinking about it . 
 `` i 'll deal with shayne in my own way . '' 
 `` let me know if you want to come visit . 
 my girlfriend wants to get to know the family more . 
 it makes me nervous knowin ' what shayne has over my head . 
 she ca n't know about the twins , pey . '' 
 `` parker , i do n't have time to discuss this . 
 i 'll call you back when i get things figured out . 
 do n't worry about your girlfriend . 
 i 'll come to visit as soon as i can . '' 
 `` love you , sis . '' 
 `` yeah , i love you too . '' 
 wayne handed me a cup of coffee when i walked out into the kitchen . 
 i could tell he was waiting to hear about anything new i 'd learned . 
 `` no new news yet . 
 i 'm trying to conjure up the courage to call jamey . 
 it 's hard to know what to expect . '' 
 `` you wo n't know until you try . '' 
 i pulled out my phone and dialed his number while wayne watched like a hawk . 
 after four rings it went straight to voicemail . 
 i dialed again , getting the same result . 
 `` i do n't understand why he wo n't answer . 
 jamey would n't listen to my brother . '' 
 abigail came running in , making me spill my coffee down the front of wayne 's t-shirt . 
 `` shit . '' 
 `` i 'll clean it up . 
 go change so i can throw that in the washer with the load that just started . '' 
 `` you 're such a homemaker , '' i teased . 
 `` i 'm a jack of all trades . 
 be jealous . '' 
 we both laughed for a moment , and i appreciated even the smallest of happy moments . 
 i headed into the bedroom to change my shirt and heard wayne come in behind me . 
 `` do you want us to go with you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i need to handle this on my own . 
 i 've already burdened you enough . '' 
 `` we 're here if you need us . '' 
 i hugged wayne , knowing that without him i 'd be a mess . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's what is keeping me calm . 
 i 'm just goin ' to - . '' 
 waves of nausea hit me all at once . 
 i ran into the bathroom just in time to vomit in the toilet . 
 when i was finished i walked over to the sink to rinse out my mouth . 
 wayne handed me a washrag . 
 he had a frown on his face . 
 `` has that ever happened before ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 have i ever thrown up ? 
 of course . 
 it happens . '' 
 `` you 're missing the big picture . 
 peyton , is there a chance you could be pregnant ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no way ! '' 
 `` well are you on birth control ? '' 
 `` come on , wayne . 
 it 's just a little puke . '' 
 he was freaking me the hell out . 
 i had enough problems . 
 the last thing i needed was to turn up pregnant . 
 `` you gave me that pill last night on an empty stomach . 
 i 'm sure it was that . 
 besides , jamey and i have had unprotected sex on and off for two years . 
 i 've never missed a period . '' 
 `` so you did n't miss any lately then ? '' 
 i looked away and tried to think of what the date was . 
 i 'd started school , and been dealing with so many things in my life . 
 between wayne and abigail , homework , and my feelings for jamey i 'd been preoccupied . 
 he chased me out of the bathroom . 
 i pulled a calendar up on my phone and sat down on the bed . 
 `` oh , god . 
 this ca n't be happenin ' to me . 
 it 's got to be stress . 
 i read somewhere that some women do n't get a period when they are stressed out . '' 
 wayne went right into dad mode . 
 he grabbed his keys and headed for the front door . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 if you 're pregnant you 're goin ' to need to see a doctor . 
 i 'm going to the drugstore around the corner . 
 keep an eye on abigail for a minute . '' 
 `` wayne , seriously , i 'm not pregnant . '' 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 i waited until he left to start freaking out . 
 not only was i single and alone , but jamey had made it clear we were through . 
 i knew a pregnancy would only make him hate me more . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 i 'd certainly never been one to consider abortion . 
 when wayne got back i 'd thrown up again . 
 convinced that it was just my nerves , i was contemplating refusing to take the test , on account of his idea being ridiculous . 
 one look into his concerned eyes let me know that he was n't going to leave me be until i proved him wrong . 
 i took the first stick in the bathroom and peed on it . 
 since i was sure it would be negative , i left it alone on the counter and walked away . 
 not even two minutes later wayne was holding the stick . 
 `` i think you need to sit down . '' 
 `` stop messin ' around . 
 just admit you wasted your money . '' 
 if this was his way of making a joke i was n't finding it funny . 
 `` peyton , there 's no easy way to tell you this . 
 `` you 're pregnant . '' 
 i walked up and grabbed the stick , glancing at it for only a second before my legs gave out on me . 
 `` this ca n't be happenin ' . 
 my whole life is a mess . 
 this ca n't be true . 
 i 'm in no condition to be a mother , wayne . 
 what am i goin ' to do ? '' 
 `` it 's important that you try to remain calm . 
 it 's not good for the baby . 
 i feel like shit for giving you that pill last night . 
 you 're going to have to tell the doctor that when you go in . 
 i 've read a ton of books on pregnancy and hopefully your still early enough along that it wo n't affect anything . '' 
 his words were becoming muffled . 
 i felt dizzy , like i was going to pass out . 
 `` stop . 
 please stop . '' 
 wayne sat down by my side . 
 he put his hand on my knee . 
 `` what can i do , peyton ? '' 
 `` get me my phone . 
 i need to make a call . '' 
 i was going to have to make a lot of calls with this kind of news . 
 dialing my brother 's number was n't the hard part . 
 it was hearing him answer . 
 `` where are you , pey ? '' 
 `` did you send jamey away , shayne ? '' 
 i was already getting emotional . 
 `` did you make him break up with me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 where are you ? 
 you better not be with him . '' 
 i do n't know how i could tell , but i knew he was lying to me . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talkin ' about . '' 
 `` let me just tell you that you 've pretty much ruined my life . 
 you may think jamey 's bad for me . 
 you can hate him forever , but that does n't give you the right to break us up . 
 i love him , shayne . 
 you know firsthand what 's that 's like . 
 how dare you mess with my life . '' 
 i was so angry . 
 he 's betrayed me more than jamey cheating . 
 my own flesh and blood had interfered in my life , and whether he admitted it or not , i knew it was true . 
 `` i 'm movin ' out , shayne . 
 i 'll be gone before you get home . '' 
 i started to hang up the phone when i heard him talking . 
 `` i did what was best for you . 
 someone had to do it . 
 he 's been dickin ' you around for years . 
 i knew he was trouble , but you refused to see it . '' 
 `` so you what ? 
 did you blackmail him ? 
 did he even assault you , shayne ? '' 
 the line got quiet . 
 `` i hope you 're happy with yourself . 
 you just lost a sister , and i want to thank you ahead of time for runnin ' away the father to my unborn child . 
 i 'll never forgive you for this . '' 
 i hung up the phone before he could reply . 
 nothing he said was going to makes amends for what he 'd done to me . 
 just to be sure i went into the bathroom and took the second test . 
 it immediately reflected a positive result . 
 after pulling out my phone again i saw that i 'd actually missed two periods , which meant i was probably eight weeks or more pregnant . 
 i was going to have to tell jamey , and it was going to have to be in person . 
 shayne started blowing up my phone after i 'd hung up on him , i was sure he was probably freaking out , not that i cared . 
 i had something more important than my brother 's issues to deal with . 
 after assuring wayne that i 'd visit with the doctor , i got into my car and started to drive back to the beach . 
 since jamey refused to answer his phone i was going to have to hunt him down . 
 when i pulled up at the beach house i saw my brother standing outside . 
 he must have assumed that i 'd been with jamey when i called . 
 fear swept over me when i thought about him finding out my news from shayne . 
 i rushed toward the house , before being stopped by my brother . 
 `` get your hands off of me . '' 
 `` i need to talk to you . 
 where have you been ? '' 
 ford 's voice made shayne let go of me . 
 `` give the girl some space , shayne . 
 you 're not her keeper . '' 
 i shoved him back . 
 `` go home , shayne . 
 this does n't concern you . '' 
 `` pey , we need to talk about this . 
 it 's serious . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? 
 because of you i may have to do this on my own . 
 i 'll deal with you later . 
 now get out of my face . 
 i need to talk to jamey . '' 
 he tried to grab me again . 
 i pulled away and darted inside of the house . 
 ford would protect me , and if he was n't willing i was certain joey would . 
 lacey and sky looked surprised to see me . 
 they were sitting in the kitchen looking online at wedding dresses . 
 `` is there something i should know about ? '' 
 the whole family knew that both of them had talked about marriage . 
 `` sky and ford set a date . 
 is n't it exciting ? '' 
 lacey seemed just as excited as her best friend . 
 `` congratulations . 
 that 's wonderful . '' 
 i gave her a hug before addressing why i was really there . 
 `` i need to talk to jamey . '' 
 `` he 's still in bed . 
 last night he got kicked out of the bar . 
 he went on and on about how he lost his cell phone . 
 you should have seen how drunk he was , '' sky explained . 
 jamey never went anywhere without his phone , except for when he let me take it . 
 i knew he was pissed about losing it , but it explained why he would n't answer my calls . 
 he also did n't drink , not since he 'd been in trouble . 
 for him to go out and get shit-faced meant he was upset . 
 it actually gave me hope that we still had a chance . 
 i found him in the back bedroom . 
 the shades were pulled down and he had his head covered with a pillow . 
 i sat down on the foot of the mattress trying to come up with a good way to tell him about my situation . 
 regardless of what was going to happen between us , he needed to know the truth . 
 i was going to figure out a way to keep the baby . 
 i loved children , and after seeing what both of my brothers had been through i knew i could never give up my child . 
 i felt the bed moving and turned to see that jamey was sitting up . 
 he looked like hell . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` pey , what are you doin ' here ? '' 
 `` did you really think my brother could keep me away ? 
 i know what he did . '' 
 he scratched his head . 
 `` how did you find out ? 
 did ash tell you ? '' 
 `` she knew ? '' 
 `` she found out late last night . 
 i remember talkin ' to her . 
 she said she was goin ' to take care of your brother . 
 is n't that why you 're here ? '' 
 `` not exactly . 
 i mean , i know that shayne made you push me away . 
 i still want to know why you did it . 
 i mean , i thought you said you 'd fight for us . '' 
 `` he was goin ' to have me locked up again , and i knew i 'd lose you anyway . 
 i just felt like it was best if i let you move on . 
 all i 've ever done is hurt you . 
 it 's not fair to ask you for another chance . '' 
 i shoved his leg over . 
 `` you big idiot , do n't i get a say in who i want to be with ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i did n't sleep with ang , pey . 
 i lied to you yesterday to make you hate me . 
 i never called her and told her to go along with it . '' 
 i looked down at my hands and thought about how hurtful his words had been the day before . 
 `` you hurt me , jamey . 
 i felt like i was nothin ' to you . '' 
 he put up his finger . 
 `` hold that thought , baby . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 i watched him leap over the bed and run into the jack and jill bathroom . 
 the water started running and i could hear him brushing his teeth and then rinsing . 
 he came back into the bedroom and sat down next to me . 
 `` sorry , i had to piss , and i was afraid i was n't goin ' to be able to hold it . '' 
 `` how sexy , '' i teased . 
 `` where were we ? '' 
 `` i need to tell you somethin' , and i do n't think you 're goin ' to like it . '' 
 jamey seemed worried . 
 `` did you hook up with that guy , wayne ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not that . '' 
 i played with my hands while trying to get my nerve up . 
 we 'd been through so much already , and this was tipping the pot . 
 there was no other way to get the nerve to tell him . 
 `` so , i 'm pregnant . '' 
 jamey , who 'd been close enough to kiss me , backed away . 
 he stared into my eyes , waiting for me to announce i was joking . 
 `` yeah right . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i found out this mornin ' . 
 i mean , i still have to call a doctor but i took two tests . 
 i did n't know . 
 with everything that 's been going on , i was n't keepin ' track . 
 i 'm probably eight or more weeks along , and before you try to talk me out of it , i 've already decided that with or without you i 'm keeping the baby . 
 it 's my decision and it 's final . 
 i know this probably changes everything , and you did n't sign up for all of this when you were tryin ' to win me back . 
 i did n't plan this either , but i 'm not goin ' to get upset over it . 
 this is a new start for me . 
 i 'll be a good mother , and i 'll do whatever it takes to make sure my baby is cared for . '' 
 `` you know , my new place has two bedrooms . 
 i 'm sure the other one could be a kickass nursery . '' 
 he shocked me . 
 `` you still want to be with me ? 
 it 's more than you bargained for . '' 
 `` jesus , pey , you just told me that we 're goin ' to have a baby together . 
 last night i thought i lost you forever . 
 this is the best damn news i 've ever heard . '' 
 i fell against his chest and started to cry happy tears . 
 `` i thought we were through . 
 it hurt so much . '' 
 he kissed me tenderly . 
 `` i know , baby . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i thought i was doin ' the right thing . 
 i regretted it immediately , that 's why i was goin ' to tell you the truth . 
 i could n't live with that decision . 
 the next time i see your brother he 's gettin ' an earful . '' 
 `` my brother is outside , jamey . '' 
 he got up and went running for the door . 
 i chased after him , coming to a halt when we made it outside . 
 jamey was standing right in front of shayne , while ford and joey were off to the side . 
 ford made the first comment . 
 `` we 're all family here . 
 let 's keep this cordial , so nobody has to get hurt . '' 
 it was a threat that we all knew ford would make good on if things got out of hand . 
 `` shayne owes his sister and me an apology . '' 
 i watched my brother clenching his jaw . 
 `` what you did was wrong , shayne . 
 i know you thought you were helpin ' me , but my life is n't yours to control . 
 i love him . '' 
 `` and i love her , '' jamey added . 
 i could n't help smiling when he said it . 
 `` i 'm havin ' his baby , shayne , and i know you do n't want me doin ' it all alone . 
 you of all people know how hard it is to raise a child on your own . '' 
 i heard the responses of my whole family , and jamey 's too . 
 then i felt him grabbing my hand . 
 `` your sister is movin ' into my place , and i 'd appreciate it if you could eventually give us your blessin ' . 
 in return i promise to treat her right , and take care of her . 
 you do n't have to answer today , but i 'd appreciate it if we could at least call it a truce . 
 i need to be around for peyton , so bein ' locked up for some bullshit fight is out of the question . '' 
 shayne knew he was outnumbered . 
 as much as he hated jamey , he could n't bad mouth him in front of everyone else . 
 my brother stuck out his hand and shook jamey 's . 
 `` fine , but if you hurt my sister , if you even call her a name and i find about it , i 'm kickin ' your ass . '' 
 we all started to laugh . 
 shayne threw up his arms like he 'd given up . 
 `` i need to get back to my wife . 
 i 'm on her shit list for this one . '' 
 i think we all knew he was still pissed . 
 jamey was going to have to prove to my brother that he was in it for the long haul , not to mention proving it to me . 
 at the end of the day , i was happy to have him by my side . 
 i still had to tell my family , and he had to tell his mother , but we could do it together , the way it should be . 
 chapter 26 jamey i probably should have been freaked out about becoming a father , but i was n't . 
 in fact , it made me feel closer to peyton , as if it gave us yet another reason to solidify what we both knew how we felt about each other . 
 she moved into my apartment three days later , and we did n't leave the bedroom for another two . 
 after her first doctor 's appointment we made plans to tell our parents . 
 peyton was more nervous than me . 
 my mom had been itching for a grandchild for a long time . 
 she would be ecstatic . 
 peyton 's parents were the ones that had issues with me in particular . 
 i did n't blame them . 
 i 'd given them a million reasons to hate me being with my daughter . 
 i was going to have to spend a million more trying to regain some kind of relationship with them . 
 dinner at our house was the plan . 
 we 'd get them all together and spill the beans . 
 peyton knew her dad would n't be disrespectful if my mom was around . 
 instead of cooking , we ordered a big meal from a local italian place . 
 it put less stress on peyton , who 'd scrubbed every corner of our place several times . 
 she was nervous , and i could n't blame her . 
 after shayne found out , peyton called to tell parker . 
 it was n't surprising that he took the news as bad . 
 it upset peyton , since she 'd been happy about it . 
 parker had issues , we all knew that , but it still hurt me to see peyton let down . 
 after our parents arrived i could tell she was freaking out . 
 what made matters worse was an unexpected set of visitors that would potentially ruin everything . 
 i opened the door to see shayne , ashley , and the twins standing on the other side . 
 we were n't exactly friends , so it stunned me that he 'd show up at my house . 
 `` what are you doin ' here , shayne ? '' 
 he took a deep breath and gave it to me straight . 
 `` i came here to support my sister . '' 
 `` we both did , '' ashley added . 
 i opened the door all the way so that they could enter . 
 once ash had the twins inside , shayne pulled me back to talk . 
 `` i need to say somethin' to you . '' 
 `` this ai n't the time , shayne . '' 
 `` just hold up . 
 i 'm not here to start trouble . '' 
 that was hard to believe . 
 `` what do you want then ? '' 
 `` look , we 're goin ' to need to deal with each other for the next eighteen to fifty years . 
 if i want to know my niece or nephew i 'm goin ' to have to get past my beef with you . '' 
 `` so we 're just supposed to act like friends now ? '' 
 i was n't buying it . 
 shayne held out his hand . 
 `` please . '' 
 even though i was mostly annoyed , i shook his hand as a peace offering . 
 if he wanted to try to work things out i 'd do it for peyton . 
 `` i 'm doin ' this for your sister , because forgivin ' you for havin ' me locked up , twice , ai n't easy to get over . '' 
 `` yeah , it was an ass ** le move , but it did get you to wake up and see what you were doin ' to my sister . '' 
 i started to walk back in the house . 
 `` just come in and shut up . '' 
 when i got back inside i saw peyton holding eli . 
 she seemed so happy when they were near her , and i could only imagine her being a great mother . 
 as scared as i was about being responsible for another human being , i knew she 'd keep me straight , and honestly ever since we 'd been back together i had n't even noticed another female . 
 i guess i finally learned my lesson after almost losing her . 
 our struggles had made us stronger , and even though we 'd been rocky from the start , our new start had only brought us satisfaction . 
 at dinner we all sat around the living room in a circle . 
 i 'd brought chairs in from the kitchen and some of us just sat on the floor with a plate in our laps . 
 i could tell that peyton was itching to tell everyone the news . 
 she was picking at her plate with an ill look on her face , so i took it upon myself to give the hard news . 
 `` so we did n't invite you here to just celebrate us gettin ' back together . 
 we got some news that we wanted to share with all of you . '' 
 my mother could n't hold in the excitement . 
 `` oh my god . 
 are you pregnant ? '' 
 i looked over toward peyton was saw her afraid face . 
 `` yes . '' 
 my mom put her hands over her face in an excited way , while peyton 's mom and dad sat silently for a second . 
 i knew it was up to me to put their minds at ease , but shayne took it upon himself to cut in . 
 `` mom , dad , before you say anything i want you to know that i 've talked to both of them about this . 
 they know what 's to come , and in my opinion they 're goin ' to make it work . 
 jamey 's got a good job and peyton 's in school . 
 she wo n't have to work , because their rent is cheap . 
 ash and i can babysit if they ever need help . 
 we 're all in shock about this , but it does n't have to be a bad thing . 
 peyton knows how to take of a baby . 
 i would n't have been able to get through what i did without her . '' 
 `` it 's just a surprise , that 's all , '' peyton 's mom commented . 
 `` it 's not that we are n't happy for her . 
 she 's so young , and the two of them just moved in together . '' 
 `` we 'll figure it out , '' i reassured her . 
 `` i love your daughter , and i 'll do whatever i have to do to prove that i 'm goin ' to take care of her and our baby . 
 i promise . '' 
 peyton stood up and walked over to her father . 
 `` daddy , i love you , but i 'm not a little girl anymore . 
 i know i 'm the baby , but it 's time for me to make my own choices . 
 even if you ca n't be happy for me , can you at least be supportive ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 for the next half hour we did everything we could to reassure her parents , while my mother went on and on about being a grandmother . 
 i do n't think peyton started to relax until they left . 
 the only people that remained was her brother and ashley . 
 the girls were putting away dishes while shayne and i watched the twins running around the house . 
 `` thanks for what you did earlier , shayne . '' 
 `` i did it for my sister . '' 
 `` it still meant a lot to both of us . '' 
 believe it or not i was considering forgiving him for helping us out of a tough situation . 
 `` you 're welcome , but if you mess this up in anyway , i will make your life a livin ' hell . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` i hear you . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 that was the end of our conversation , and i was content over it . 
 shayne was making an effort whether it was for his sister , or his family . 
 i 'd prove to him in time that i could be counted on . 
 after they 'd finally gone home i pulled peyton into the bathroom with me . 
 `` you look tired . '' 
 `` i have to watch abigail for wayne tomorrow , and i 'm afraid i 'm going to be a zombie . '' 
 wayne and i had been hanging out more , and i found that he was a great guy . 
 for some reason he did n't give me any kind of vibe of being a threat , and i was crazy about his little girl . 
 i only hoped that if i had a daughter she 'd be as cute . 
 even though we were getting along i knew i 'd keep my eyes on wayne . 
 i was n't willing to let anything come between me and my girlfriend again . 
 `` i 'll help . 
 if you need to take a nap i 'll keep her occupied . 
 she can help me make the soup for the diner . '' 
 peyton rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure that will be fun for a five year old . '' 
 `` i 'll make it fun . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around my neck . 
 `` i can already tell you 're goin ' to spoil our kid . '' 
 i shrugged with a ornery grin . 
 `` is that so bad ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's sweet . '' 
 my lips reached for hers , and from the moment they connected i felt myself becoming aroused . 
 `` we got through today , baby . 
 i did n't kill your brother . '' 
 `` he 's tryin ' . '' 
 i picked her up and sat her on the vanity . 
 `` let 's not talk about your brother . '' 
 her shirt was easy to pull over her head , and her bra came off after i unfastened the hooks . 
 we kissed again , this time both knowing what was to come . 
 i dropped to my knees and pulled off her shorts , taking her panties with them . 
 peyton sat there naked and fully exposed to me . 
 i kissed her inner thighs as i made me way to her prize . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 she ran her hands through my hair and leaned back against the mirror . 
 the palm of my hand ran over her pu ** y to get a reaction . 
 her legs spread farther apart and i buried myself between her legs . 
 the taste of her salty arousal forced the bulge in my pants to jump . 
 it was n't just her pu ** y that i wanted to taste . 
 i needed to be inside of her , feeling as close as we could possibly get . 
 i flicked over her clit several times with my tongue , feeling her legs shaking on either side . 
 i held her tightly until i felt her letting go . 
 her release came quick , only making the urgency to switch positions apparent . 
 i stood up and let my shorts drop to the floor . 
 our lips met , and i savored the way her tongue meshed with mine , while slowly entering her . 
 she wrapped her legs around my back and held me as i worked our pace . 
 i watched her tits bouncing around while i continued to pump my swollen c ** k inside of her . 
 each time she cried out , or closed her eyes , i knew it felt good to her . 
 in no time at all i was finishing , filling her with everything i had to give . 
 we held each other for longer than usual , while she sat on the cold porcelain . 
 i do n't know why it felt so emotional for both of us . 
 perhaps it was the fact that our secret was out in the open . 
 we no longer had to deal with the stress of telling everyone . 
 no matter what the case , we shared a moment of euphoria that had never happened before . 
 it was n't because we 'd just had sex either . 
 this was because we were finally on the same page in every aspect of our lives . 
 we 'd grown apart , and found our way again . 
 this time i knew what i wanted , and one thing i 'd never do again was take her for granted . 
 maybe shayne had taught me a lesson . 
 it had certainly opened my eyes to life . 
 i 'd never admit it to him , but i was grateful for his part in it all . 
 it resulted in me getting peyton back , which turned out that it had been the only thing i ever really needed . 
 we had a lot of growing to do , but i knew we 'd do it together , and that was what made our moment so perfect . 
 the end 
