 chapter 1 parker `` chug , chug , chug , chug , '' my frat brothers were yelling as i competed in drinking the boot filled with warm beer . 
 it was n't my best moment of the night , but it sure as hell beat being considered a pu ** y on my own stomping grounds . 
 i 'd set out to stay sober all night , on account of promising my girlfriend that i 'd behave . 
 that all went to shit once i felt the pressure of impressing my peers . 
 i would n't consider myself a follower by any means , but there was a different kind of gratification when i entertained the people around me . 
 seeing as my fraternity brothers were the only family communicating with me , at the moment , i never wanted to disappoint them . 
 that could only mean that with their bad influences , i 'd be left to argue with my pissed off girlfriend in the morning . 
 somehow i 'd come up with a convoluted excuse to wean my way back into her good graces . 
 after all , cameron was n't just the prettiest girl on campus . 
 she was also the most kindhearted . 
 still , there were several occasions where her pristine past reminded me just how much i did n't deserve a girl like her . 
 in some ways i think loving her makes me want to be a better person . 
 anything would be better than the man i saw when i looked into the mirror each morning . 
 i 'm not talking about the blonde headed , handsome gentleman , with kind blue eyes . 
 i 'm talking about the evil part of me that i wished was n't there ; the one who had lost the respect of his family , and kept secrets from the woman he was in love with . 
 i finished the beer and threw my hands high in the air , celebrating my victory amongst a room full of belligerent college acquaintances . 
 sure , some i knew better than others , but we were all there for the same purpose . 
 we came to unwind , and forget about everything else in our lives that we 'd been stressing about . 
 we wanted to feel free if only for one night out of many . 
 four shots later i could hardly recall being dragged to my room . 
 even as my face landed over my pillow , i never even flinched . 
 i rolled over , still fully clothed , and watched the room spinning around me . 
 my bedroom door shut as i began to laugh in hysterics at my predicament . 
 it was only a matter of time before the alcohol showed it 's pretty little face , leaving me to spend the rest of the night on the cold , hard porcelain bathroom floor . 
 my immediate fate was already determined as the first sign of a belch occurred . 
 it never failed , or maybe i should say that i never learned . 
 i 'd mix my drinks , and be up all night hurling . 
 my alarm sounded at six . 
 with my eyes still caked shut with morning gook , i felt for the tiny device that blared the loud volume . 
 after knocking it off the nightstand , i managed to locate it and tug the plug out of the wall . 
 the room was silent as i sat up and looked around , noticing that i was still wearing a pair of shoes , and jeans . 
 my shirt was bunched up on the floor . 
 when i went to pick it up to put it back over my head , i spotted a large pile of vomit on the floor . 
 realizing that i was the only person that was going to clean the mess up , i fell back down on the bed and silently cursed at myself . 
 i 'd been up for less than five minutes , and already my day was ruined . 
 twenty minutes later my phone was vibrating off the nightstand . 
 i was surprised that it had n't died overnight from not being charged . 
 there was no need to check to see who the caller was . 
 she always rang me to make sure that i was up and ready to meet her in the cafeteria for breakfast , when she had n't spent the night with me . 
 everyday was the same monotonous routine . 
 at breakfast we 'd discuss our plans for after classes . 
 cameron would then proceed to lecture me on how not to act when i was around my friends . 
 when i 'd get pissed at her , she 'd give me the silent treatment , which included cutting me off sexually , until i finally caved . 
 i supposed that this was common for relationships with people our age . 
 we wanted to settle down and have meaning , but instead fought with the simple fact that we were still finding ourselves , and forging toward our separate wants and needs . 
 one could either succumb to growing alongside their partner , or call it quits instead of doing a little bit of work . 
 i think when things got bad between us i still kept cameron around because , at the end of the day , i did n't have anyone else . 
 she was there when my family pretty much disowned me . 
 though i could n't tell her the real reason , she 's already speculated on various ideas . 
 for the most part i 'd told her a lie about interfering in my brother 's relationship , stating that his now wife had cheated on him . 
 i told her that the family hated me for being honest . 
 the only thing honest about that was the fact that i had a brother , who in turn had a wife . 
 ashley had never cheated on shayne . 
 the lie had nothing to do with fidelity . 
 the real truth was that before she and my brother got together , we 'd had a one-night stand that left her pregnant with twins ; twins that i wanted her to abort . 
 i know that makes me sound like a total ass ** le , but i had legitimate reasons for feeling the way i did . 
 that one drunken night could have ruined my chances at becoming something . 
 it did n't help that my brother took the blame and ended up falling in love with the chick . 
 he thought he was helping me , but instead had only made my life more difficult . 
 i had to see her , and face him . 
 when the time came to finally reveal the truth , i forged ahead , trying to free my brother and myself of any kind of responsibilities . 
 she had the help of her family , who wanted nothing more than to get my brother out of her life . 
 i had no idea how involved the two of them were ; or the fact that their love was so real . 
 at the time i did n't even know that kind of love was possible . 
 then i witnessed firsthand what my brother went through after the twins were born , and when ashley suffered from the aneurism . 
 i watched the man that i 'd always looked up to struggle with everything he believed just to be able to keep those kids . 
 i 'd already signed over parental rights giving him the opportunity to be their father , but only the family knew the truth . 
 my parents did everything they could to get shayne to change his mind . 
 he spent so many countless hours at her bedside , praying that she 'd one day come back to him . 
 just when we 'd all lost hope , it actually happened . 
 while my brother celebrated with his new family , i was basically shunned . 
 my parents lost all respect for me , and the measures that i took to ruin things for ashley . 
 they acted like i 'd had some kind of vendetta against her . 
 i 'd never felt so abandoned than the first time i faced my dad . 
 one look in his eyes let me know that i was no longer the kid he was so proud of . 
 i 'd destroyed our relationship , and the trust we 'd always shared . 
 with little hope of making things right , i turned to football , and the welcoming arms of cameron . 
 she may not have known the truth , or the fact that i was the world 's biggest ass ** le , but she knew that i was struggling , which in turn made her want to fix me . 
 i did n't just love her for taking care of me . 
 she held many qualities that kept me wanting more . 
 cameron has long blonde hair that hangs halfway down her back . 
 her gray-green eyes sparkled in the summer sun , and those full lips of hers kissed me like no other female ever had . 
 day after day i was in awe of her . 
 the looks were n't where my attraction ended though . 
 she had a way with words , and held herself like every aspiring attorney would . 
 her wits made her deadly when it came to arguments , and she pretty much knew everything about everything . 
 i 'm not just bragging about her smarts either . 
 when she was growing up her rich daddy sent her to the best of schools . 
 instead of making friends she studied her ass off , just to be able to follow in her father 's footsteps . 
 his law firm was well known in pennsylvania , and with little effort she 'd be set with a career alongside of him and her mother . 
 when we first started dating he freaked out . 
 the last thing he wanted was for his daughter to fall in love with some jock . 
 he 'd basically played out her future in his head , and a boyfriend was n't in the plan . 
 i met cameron on the first day of our freshman year in college . 
 she was stopped in the middle of a crowded corridor , looking down at a schedule and map . 
 someone bumped into her arm that was holding her books , sending them falling to the ground . 
 flustered , she dropped to the floor , desperate to pick them all up before stomping feet ruined them . 
 i bent down and started picking them up even before our eyes met for the first time . 
 it was a good thing i had n't looked at her first , because i probably would n't have been able to focus on helping her . 
 that very first smile i got from her captivated me . 
 she was stunning , naturally , without makeup . 
 unlike the other girls on campus , cameron did n't care about dolling herself up for classes , which i soon learned because she was only there to learn , while some of us wanted the whole experience . 
 it took me a couple months to convince her to give me a chance , and even longer to open up and admit that she wanted more out of life than just wasting away in a library for the next however many years she had to go to school . 
 our first kiss was in that very library , and from that moment on i knew she was going to be impossible to let go of . 
 my phone kept blowing up , so i finally came back to reality and decided to answer it . 
 with my best innocent voice i acknowledged her . 
 `` good morning , dear . 
 how 's my beautiful girlfriend today ? '' 
 `` do n't give me that charm this morning , parker hutchinson . 
 your face is all over the internet this morning . 
 do you have any idea what my parents would say if they knew that my boyfriend was busy doing keg stands when he was supposed to be studying for finals ? 
 this is exactly the kind of actions that makes them so judgmental regarding our relationship . '' 
 `` come on , cam . 
 i was just unwinding . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 how was i to know that people would take pictures ? 
 i mean , sure , everyone had a camera , but i had n't given them permission . 
 `` when one unwinds , they do n't purposely make a mockery of themselves in public . 
 what is this type of activity gaining you ? '' 
 `` please do n't be my mother this early in the morning . '' 
 i got that she 'd been raised a certain way , but this was annoying as shit to me . 
 i did n't need a mom . 
 i needed a companion . 
 the fact that she drilled me about right and wrong was so exasperating . 
 `` cam , i love you . 
 i 'm sorry that i let things get out of hand last night . 
 maybe if you would have taken a break from that library and come with me , for just a couple of hours , none of this would have happened . '' 
 `` maybe if you did n't feel the need to join that frat house none of this would have happened . 
 did you really think you 'd gain something worthwhile out of that place ? 
 it 's filled with losers that party away their futures . '' 
 `` not everyone can be on the dean 's list , babe . 
 besides , it was one party . 
 pretty soon once i get my room you 'll be able to spend the night . 
 calm down . 
 i 'll meet you for breakfast in a few minutes . '' 
 the line was quiet for a minute . 
 `` cam , are you still there ? '' 
 `` do i really nag you ? '' 
 her voice sounded conflicted . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i think it 's cute , '' i lied . 
 `` just please be more careful , that 's all i 'm bothered about . 
 you have potential to be great . 
 someday we 're all going to be watching you on television throwing that ball across a field . 
 little parties could end that for you , and i 'd hate to see that happen . 
 i love you , parker . 
 i 'm only thinking of our future together . '' 
 it made me smile , even though my head was pounding . 
 picturing myself with cameron in the future was easy . 
 making it happen was a whole different kind of ballgame . 
 chapter 2 cameron unlike my boyfriend , i awoke to my cell phone making a dinging sound over and over all night long . 
 i 'd been tagged in several photos while parker was at the party , suspending himself upside down to guzzle beers , and act like a moron . 
 for so many reasons i should have dumped him a long time ago , when he 'd made the decision to act like all of the other meatheads on campus . 
 there was a time when i saw him as the most charming guy i 'd ever met . 
 in all honesty , he was one of the only males that had ever looked my way . 
 i supposed for lack of better judgment , i was immediately captivated by his interest ; although , the days of him trying to impress me were in the past . 
 now i spent most of my free time trying to push some sense into his incredibly shrinking medulla oblongata . 
 opposite from my boyfriend , i was raised with the knowledge of what i was going to be , and how i was to achieve it . 
 my parents instilled me early on with the provisions that would enable me to excel . 
 i did n't have a normal kind of childhood , per se . 
 for as long as i could remember i 'd been tutored on the weekends , instead of being able to run free and play like the other kids . 
 it was okay for a while , since we lived on ten acres in a waterfront estate . 
 our property was too large for me to notice the kids playing next door , or hearing their laughter when they were having fun . 
 my fun time was going into my secret hideout underneath our back staircase with a good book . 
 it was n't exactly a secret , since my parents had a contractor come in and install carpet , lighting , and bookshelves inside for me . 
 i think i read little women at the age of five , and the secret garden sometime after that . 
 i 'd also found my dad 's stash of his favorites , including the hardy boys , nancy drew , and sherlock holmes . 
 while other children were just beginning elementary school , i was learning how to become a sleuth , who solved the most heinous of crimes - in a young girl 's mind , of course . 
 for christmas one year i actually wrote a list for santa that included a pipe , trench coat , and gentlemen 's hat . 
 it was that same year when i learned that santa was a made up character . 
 so , no . 
 i never got that pipe , jacket , or hat . 
 my childhood was n't all work and no play . 
 the maids and my nanny would sneak in fun time , with tag , or hide and go seek , albeit that 's as far as it went . 
 when i was ten my father opened his own firm , and spent lots of time away from the house . 
 my mother , who is also a lawyer , had to be at his side . 
 they sent me to boarding school in new york . 
 at first i was petrified . 
 you can imagine how reluctant i was to leave the only place i 'd ever called home . 
 much to my displeasure , the conditions were far from what i was used to . 
 i 'd never been around so many girls my age before and honestly did n't grasp how to act . 
 i 'd studied etiquette from a bunch of adults , and could n't comprehend that i 'd seem stuck up to all the other children . 
 they loathed me immediately , eschewing me from their little clicks . 
 i supposed it was an effective consequence . 
 it enabled me to remain focused on my goals . 
 one day i knew i 'd be a lawyer , who would take possession of the family firm . 
 i did n't return home permanently until i reached the age of seventeen . 
 for my senior year i was sent to an all girls catholic school locally in pennsylvania . 
 just like my first year at boarding school , i was the outcast . 
 my gpa was well above normal , and with little effort i breezed through their curriculum . 
 one of the books that were on the syllabus i 'd read when i was around nine . 
 i liked it so much that i perused through it until the spine started to wither away . 
 in my honest opinion i believe that i knew more about it than the teacher herself . 
 by the time i graduated in the top of my class with honors i 'd already been accepted to several colleges . 
 my plans were obvious - prelaw , and then on to harvard . 
 i knew the drill , as it had been the topic of many dinner conversations at home . 
 that was all altered when my mother was diagnosed with lymphoma . 
 they immediately started a vigorous treatment , making her extremely ill . 
 with the firm doing so well it was incomprehensible for my father to be at home often . 
 as reluctant as i was to offer , i 'd settled to make the decision to stay local until she was recovered . 
 my father was not contented with my deferring our plans , but he loved my mother enough to know that it was the appropriate resolve . 
 even with my abnormal upbringing , one thing remained in my family . 
 we loved each other , and this was something that could rip us all apart . 
 my mother had treatment once a week at the local hospital near the campus during my freshman year . 
 i made sure not to have classes on that particular day . 
 her driver would bring her , and i 'd sit with her the entire time . 
 as opposed to telling her about my new boyfriend , we 'd run out of conversations quickly . 
 it was enlightening to see a spark in my mom 's eyes as i explained my relationship with parker . 
 for the first time in my life i could convey that perhaps her beliefs were n't all the same as my father 's . 
 with iv 's stuck in her hand , she reached over and put her palm over mine . 
 through her pain , she smiled , speaking softly . 
 `` if i 'm going to die from this , i want to see my daughter happy . '' 
 right away i knew i had to be optimistic . 
 `` mom , please do n't say that . 
 you 're going to be fine . 
 you 've got the best oncologist in the state . 
 he studied at hopkins . '' 
 her eyes were painstaking . 
 `` the odds are against me , cameron . 
 we all know it . 
 this strain is too advanced . '' 
 i had to turn away as my eyes filled with warm fluid . 
 it burned as i fought for it to go away . 
 the idea of losing this woman , especially when she was so acceptant to it happening was beyond heart wrenching . 
 this was my mother ; the one who i 'd missed out on so many years with . 
 i needed her . 
 she went into remission in the beginning of my sophomore year , exactly around the time when i 'd been with parker for a whole three hundred and sixty five days . 
 we celebrated our anniversary in boston , watching the phillies take on the red sox . 
 it was n't exactly romantic until afterwards , when parker took me to salem , giving me a tour that included the purchase of a magic wand . 
 since harry potter were the only books parker had ever enjoyed , i was inclined to read them all , this beginning my love for magic . 
 he 'd gone into a store while i waited outside . 
 when he came out , he dropped down on his knee , and presented me with a fancy leather box , in which he opened up revealing the wand . 
 knowing about my lack of childhood , he knew how much i 'd love it . 
 `` i present to you , my love , your first wand . 
 now , this particular wand is very powerful . 
 it inhibits many magical qualities . 
 use caution when operatin ' it , unless of course you want to influence my grades positively this semester . '' 
 there it was ... the sense of humor that made me crazy for him . 
 i knew it was just a silly magic wand , but it meant everything to me . 
 i 'd gotten plenty of jewelry and fancy gifts growing up , but nothing so sentimental . 
 parker knew what i needed , and the fact that he was giving it to me only reminded me how much i 'd fallen in love with him . 
 just imagining that brought me back to our current conversation . 
 `` parker , what am i going to do with you ? '' 
 `` as long as you still love me , we 'll figure it out . '' 
 his southern drawl sometimes gave me chills . 
 `` of course i love you . 
 i just wish you 'd grow up a little and be more responsible . 
 i ca n't keep watching you make such juvenile mistakes . '' 
 i knew i sounded like a nag , but looking at him from my point of view only made it obvious he was barking up the wrong tree for friends . 
 i suppose it was easier for me since i never had any myself . 
 parker was an overachiever in that department . 
 he had more friends than he could probably count . 
 where i excelled in being educated , he outrivaled me with social skills . 
 i think together that 's one of the reasons we meshed so well together . 
 parker was everything that i 'd never been . 
 it seemed like everything in our lives was the exact opposite . 
 parker wanted to get done with college and become a famous football player , while i would be working my ass off in a courtroom . 
 he had a slew of friends . 
 i felt all right with being a loner . 
 i had an admirable relationship with my parents , as parker struggled with his . 
 we 'd been together now for over two years , and i 'd watched his relationship with his family crumble , while mine prospered . 
 even though he would n't speak about it much , i could sense that it was difficult for him . 
 since family was all i ever had , it was important for me to help him see that he needed them . 
 i did n't know how i was going to approach it , but my determination would enable it to happen . 
 when i put my mind to it , there was nothing that i could n't resolve . 
 that 's why i knew that i 'd be a great attorney one day . 
 my ambition to succeed was my drive . 
 no matter what obstacles came my way i 'd face them head on and seek out the best resolution . 
 i was going to aid my boyfriend in getting back what he 'd pushed away , because at the end of the day i knew it was important to him . 
 i know i nagged him too much at times , but it was only because i knew he could be better . 
 he did n't have to stoop to everyone else 's immature levels to be accepted . 
 parker was handsome , strong , and above all a good man . 
 it did n't take a genius to see that . 
 since he was the only man i 'd ever loved , it was important to me to keep him around . 
 it was n't just a law degree that i aspired for any longer . 
 a part of me longed to know what it was like to be married and have a family . 
 chapter 3 parker feeling like i was going to be punished like a child , i persevered to the cafeteria to meet my girlfriend . 
 she greeted me with a quick kiss on the cheek before sitting down in front of her large tray of breakfast essentials . 
 of course , the food was mostly for me , since she usually only ate a piece of fruit , and a yogurt . 
 i dug right into my egg and bacon sandwich , praying that it had enough grease to relieve my ever-growing hangover . 
 i closed my eyes as i chewed , making a moaning sound before swallowing . 
 `` this tastes fantastic . '' 
 `` apparently . 
 so , have you gone in and untagged yourself from all of the photos yet ? '' 
 i put my hand down on her leg under the table . 
 `` cam , can i enjoy my breakfast before you get on me about pictures that i had no knowledge of ? 
 please ? '' 
 i was n't angry with her . 
 the last thing i wanted was to give her father another reason to hate me . 
 apparently my hopes of being a professional football player were juvenile . 
 since it was all i ever wanted i did n't see a problem with it . 
 i worked hard to keep my gpa afloat , and spent all the rest of my time training to be the best athlete possible . 
 i think since the whole falling out with my family i 'd been even more focused . 
 several major league scouts had come to watch me play , and i was sure that in no time i 'd be selected for at least a minor league contract to start with . 
 cameron 's father still disapproved . 
 being married to a lawyer himself , i understood exactly what he wanted for his daughter ; everything that i was n't . 
 she spooned another bite of yogurt in between those supple lips . 
 `` do n't forget that we 're going to your sister 's baby shower this weekend coming up . 
 i 've already ordered her the cutest gift . '' 
 `` i wo n't forget . '' 
 peyton was n't just my sister . 
 she was my twin , who was pregnant with her first child . 
 as reluctant as we all were to accept her boyfriend in her life , he 'd done everything he could to prove that he was worthy . 
 at any rate , peyton 's happiness was all that mattered to me . 
 for so long she 'd run around with the wrong crowds , sleeping with random guys at parties , and probably doing worse . 
 there were just some things that i refused to ask about . 
 jamey had stopped all of that anyway , and although their relationship began very rocky , it was apparent they 'd both grown up . 
 i do n't know if i 'd say they were ready to be parents , but we could n't plan out our perfect futures without obstacles . 
 my sister 's shower was to be held at my father 's shop . 
 i think my brother shayne had offered , but they 'd changed their minds when they figured i 'd be joining them . 
 i ca n't say i did n't blame him for keeping me as far away as possible . 
 every time i saw those twins it was like a kick to my heart . 
 i knew that i 'd fathered them in that one drunken night . 
 nothing could change that . 
 i was content to sign over parental rights , and get on with my life . 
 what i had n't bargained on was my brother stepping up and taking full responsibility for them , raising them as his own . 
 not only did i have to see them , but his wife that i 'd obviously slept with . 
 the worst part of it all was the fact that my entire family knew the truth . 
 how awkward was it for me to bring my clueless girlfriend into the mix and pretend that everything was n't so f ** ked up ? 
 i thought about playing the sick card , opting out of traveling with some lame ass excuse . 
 cameron liked nothing more than to be able to take care of me in my time of need , but knowing about the secret only reminded me that she would n't approve . 
 hiding something so powerful would send her packing , and i 'd lose the only part of my heart that was left . 
 `` are we able to stay at your parents ? 
 i could always message your sister and make up a story that we 're in town . '' 
 i tried to smile . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i already called pey to tell her we were coming for a visit . 
 she probably already knows about the shower anyway . 
 it 's not like any of them are good with secrets . '' 
 i almost choked on those words . 
 it could n't have been further from the truth in my case . 
 `` we 'll leave after class on friday , grab a late lunch , and be there in time to help with dinner . 
 i think she said somethin' about cookin ' on the grill . '' 
 `` that sounds like you have everything planned out . 
 good for you . '' 
 i swallowed another lump of my grease sandwich . 
 `` i 'm a work in progress , baby . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and giggled . 
 `` that you are . '' 
 her hand extended , reaching up to wipe something that was apparently stuck to my chin . 
 our eyes met and i smiled back at her . 
 `` one day i 'll teach you how to get all of your food in your mouth , instead of all over your face . '' 
 `` i was savin ' that for later , '' i teased . 
 `` you 're sick . '' 
 she started to get up from her seat . 
 i held onto her arm and pulled her back down to sit next to me . 
 `` wait . 
 you 've got a little somethin' on your face . '' 
 i did n't wait for her permission to lean in and kiss the side of her lips . 
 her eyes closed immediately , and i knew without a doubt that she was n't going to fight me . 
 `` there , i think i got it all . '' 
 as i pulled away i noticed her cheeks had blushed . 
 `` that was smooth , but inexplicably obvious , parker . '' 
 i lifted her chin and planted a kiss directly over her lips . 
 `` i was n't tryin ' to hide anything . '' 
 with a quick wink i stood up and grabbed her book bag off the table . 
 she followed my lead and we started on our way to our first classes . 
 each day i would walk her to hers , and then head over to mine . 
 we 'd hold hands , and talk about what we 're doing afterwards . 
 it had become almost habitual . 
 once we stood in front of her first class , i leaned down and kissed her on the cheek . 
 `` i 'll see you later , beautiful . '' 
 she cocked her head to the side , and i appreciated that after dating for more than two years she still got giddy over things i said to her . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i hate when you have to go , but that ass is sure nice to watch walking away . '' 
 some random guy held up his hand and high-fived me after i 'd said it . 
 cameron turned around and shook her head . 
 deep down she enjoyed my sense of humor , whether she 'd admit it or not . 
 besides , it was n't like i was lying . 
 i 'd seen that fine piece of ass naked , and it was most definitely a blessed attribute . 
 friday came sooner than i would have wanted . 
 while cameron yapped in the passenger seat next to me , i drove her mercedes to maryland . 
 sure , it was nice to be able to flaunt to people that my girlfriend came from money , but it was most definitely not why we were together . 
 i had n't even become aware of her parent 's wealth until we 'd been together for months . 
 by that time i was too head over heels for her to even care what that could mean for my future . 
 besides , i 'd never been raised to seek out some kind of assistance from someone with money . 
 sure , if i needed a good attorney i knew who to call , and probably would n't have to pay a dime , but that 's as far as it went . 
 cameron 's dad did n't like me . 
 it was no secret . 
 if he had it his way he 'd make sure his daughter wore a chastity belt until she was made partner of the firm . 
 fortunately for me , she willingly gave me her body with no regard for his set of plans for her . 
 when we were together it was apparent that i became her number one , which left him to be pushed aside . 
 no man of power would accept that his little girl had replaced him . 
 it also did n't help that i was not an aspiring lawyer , but instead a football player , with no real goals except for that . 
 it was n't surprising that he lacked enthusiasm when it came to me . 
 it was also not surprising that he took every opportunity to pull me to the side and let me know i was just a temporary fix in his daughter 's life . 
 needless to say he was wrong . 
 i was n't just some college kid trying to get into his daughter 's pants . 
 i was n't after her for the resources that her family held . 
 i sure as hell was n't in it for any other convoluted reasons . 
 i was with her because i loved her . 
 we were together , because we loved each other . 
 end of story . 
 except it was n't the end of the story ; of our story . 
 i was prepared to fight with that man until he knew for certain that she was my future . 
 i knew , feeling it deep inside of my bones . 
 nothing anyone could say or do would ever change the way i felt about her , and i 'd be damned if my stature in life was judged by how much money i made . 
 just thinking about it made me grip the steering wheel extra hard . 
 that man got under my skin even when he was n't trying . 
 cameron got my attention when she nestled her head against my arm . 
 `` are you still with me ? 
 i 've been saying your name for the past minute . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 i was just thinking about your dad . '' 
 `` i told you he did n't say anything about the photos that we were tagged in . 
 he has no idea . 
 i do n't even think he checks that page anymore . '' 
 i turned to look at her before bringing my eyes back to the open road we were driving on . 
 `` that 's just it , cam . 
 you 're an adult , and he keeps you on some leash like you 're a child . 
 he 's got your education hanging over your head , like he can take it away at any second . 
 the man treats me like shit because i 'm followin ' my dreams , but yet he ca n't let his own daughter live her life . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i could tell this was out of nowhere , and i hated myself for bringing it up , but with the impending weekend planned with my estranged family , it was all coming full circle for me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , babe . 
 forget i said anything . '' 
 cameron fidgeted in her seat before responding . 
 `` parker , this is n't about me at all . 
 it 's about you . 
 i 'm terrible with reading people , and even i can see that you 're freaking out over being around your family . 
 i do n't get it . 
 all you did was tell the truth . 
 how could they shut you out and make you feel like an outsider for doing the right thing ? 
 do they all just lack some kind of compassion ? 
 are acts of kindness over sighted in your family ? '' 
 i wished that i could explain to her why they lost respect for me , but it was never going to happen . 
 cameron was never going to find out that i was the real father of my brother 's twins , or that i 'd done everything in my power to have those children aborted before they were born . 
 she 'd see me as a cold-hearted snake ; something i 'd never be willing to let her view me as . 
 `` can we just drop it ? 
 i 'm sorry for zonin ' out , but it ai n't about my family . 
 we were clearly invited to attend the shower , and everyone will get along . 
 there 's nothin ' goin ' on that you do n't know about . 
 to be perfectly honest i was thinkin ' about how to convince your family that i was n't a piece of shit . 
 you 'd think after more than two years they 'd see that i was serious about being with their daughter , but nothin 's changed . 
 i 'll never be good enough in their eyes . '' 
 `` are we really going to do this right now ? 
 honestly , i do n't care what they think . 
 you 're my boyfriend , not theirs . 
 the choice is mine to make . '' 
 `` the same could be said about your career choice , you know ? '' 
 i 'd hit a sensitive spot . 
 she froze . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` it means that you do n't have to be a lawyer . 
 you do n't have to go to harvard , spending the next eight years or so behind books . 
 we could get married when we graduate , and start a family . 
 when i make it big we 'll travel to all of my games as a couple . 
 ca n't you just see it ? '' 
 `` do n't do this , parker . 
 i 'm not in the mood . 
 the last time you tried this it ended badly . 
 how about we focus on our visit , and not this madness . 
 i 'm going to harvard , and i 'll be an attorney , because it 's all i 've ever wanted . '' 
 i did n't believe her . 
 what i believed is that my brilliant girlfriend had been brainwashed since birth into only one scenario . 
 she 'd follow in her parent 's footsteps , without fail . 
 she did n't even know what real love from a parent felt like . 
 it was sad . 
 this visit with my family was making me a little crazy , but it was also reminding me of all the things that i still had left to lose . 
 somehow , someway , i 'd regain respect from my family , and prove to my girlfriend 's parents that there was more to me than just a football player . 
 chapter 4 cameron even though parker was n't too keen on the visit , i was excited to be around his sister and the rest of his family again . 
 it was important for me to figure out why they continued to push parker away , when i knew for so long he was like a prodigy to them . 
 his skill on the football field was so natural . 
 i 'd overheard people talking about the way he maneuvered his body around , and how they had n't seen it in anyone else in many years . 
 that alone was something to be proud of . 
 i think sometimes parker did n't think about the fact that i was an only child , or perhaps he just assumed that i liked it being that way . 
 contrary to those beliefs , whatever they were , i hated it . 
 perhaps if i had a sibling i would have had someone to confide in . 
 maybe if i had a sister i could have learned how to act around someone my age . 
 i would have known what it was like to play with a child in my own home . 
 it would have been nice to share that kind of bond with someone . 
 what kid wants their parents and household help to be her only friends ? 
 i was n't trying to make myself seem pathetic . 
 god knows i 've lived a very comfortable life . 
 my family was prosperous and i 've never wanted for anything . 
 well , not until i fell in love with parker hutchinson . 
 once i knew what that felt like everything changed . 
 i went from thinking i had it all , to realizing that i never had what i really needed . 
 i knew we were still young , and that life could throw us curveballs at any moment , but in my heart i felt like parker was the one . 
 i felt like there was no other man that i wanted to be with . 
 jamey and peyton were a cute couple to me . 
 sure , they argued from time to time about stupid stuff , but they never went to bed angry . 
 i 'd like to think that parker and i lived by that same code . 
 with him being on edge , i kept quiet when we pulled into the driveway behind his sister 's car . 
 when it came to his family , and the plans they made , parker always kept me out of the loop . 
 i went wherever he took us , and was always on my best behavior . 
 for the most part i think they all liked me . 
 i used manners , and did my best to help out with whatever they were doing . 
 that included clearing a table or doing the dishes . 
 instead of getting right out of the car he sat there , pressing his head into the steering wheel . 
 `` i 'm not ready to go inside yet . '' 
 `` i wish you 'd tell me why , parker . 
 i love you . 
 i would n't be mad , no matter what it was . 
 i 'm sure this is all going to blow over , if it has n't already . '' 
 `` you do n't know shit ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 i was so shocked that i put my hands up to my face , as if i was trying to hide my reaction . 
 parker 's shoulders sagged , and he immediately reached out for me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean - . '' 
 `` forget about it . '' 
 i climbed out of the car before we had another argument that would lead to no resolution . 
 once i grabbed my bags out of the backseat , i headed for peyton 's front door , while parker followed behind . 
 i knocked before he could say anything , but i could tell he felt bad . 
 it did n't matter . 
 the way he was acting was only confirming the fact that he had to be hiding something . 
 i clearly did n't know the whole truth to what was going on with him . 
 unfortunately , since i was an outsider , i refused to push him about it until we got home . 
 if i could n't get the truth out of his sister during our visit , i 'd just have to wait until we were back at college . 
 jamey opened the door before i could knock . 
 he had his phone against his ear while waving us inside with his free hand . 
 peyton whipped around the corner with her arms spread wide . 
 `` i 'm so glad y ' all are here . '' 
 i 'd met her a few times , but not enough to consider her my bff . 
 sure , that was probably partly my fault , considering that i had no social skills to even begin to know how to handle someone as high-strung as she was . 
 the last time we 'd been around them , which was the last time we 'd come to visit , i got along with jamey better . 
 he was quiet around crowds , and i could tell that he still did n't feel comfortable around their family . 
 parker had explained that it was because of their past , but still . 
 they were expecting a child , and living together . 
 did n't there come a time and place where people put aside their differences and got along ? 
 that 's how it was in books . 
 certainly it 's how it should have been in real life . 
 at any rate , i did my best to smile and hug her back , pretending that i knew exactly what she was going through . 
 i spotted her friend , wayne , walking out of the small kitchen . 
 following behind him was his daughter , abigail . 
 her hair was in pigtails . 
 now wayne was fun to converse with . 
 our love of books always gave us something to talk about . 
 it was funny how i was n't attracted to him at all , when i probably should have favored him over parker , for our common interests at least . 
 wayne seemed like a wonderful guy . 
 he 'd lost his wife , from what peyton told me , and i admired how much he adored his daughter . 
 it is a tragedy to lose a part of your family , but i sure was glad that little girl had a dad who thought she was a little princess . 
 had that been me , my father would have let the help raise me . 
 it disgusted me to even think about it . 
 while trying to avoid the fact that parker and i were having some kind of silent tiff with each other , i spent the next hour helping peyton get organized . 
 i honestly do n't know why she was even worried to begin with . 
 the party was supposed to be at her brother 's house , but was changed to another location at the last minute , and according to jamey , peyton was n't even supposed to know about it . 
 apparently she saw her invitation at the diner when she 'd gone to visit jamey one day . 
 he made her promise not to spoil the fun , but it did n't stop her from making sure that they brought food . 
 she 'd been told it was a cookout , so naturally they would have been expected to bring some kind of dish or dessert . 
 peyton was going all crazy with it . 
 she insisted that jamey make all these crazy things that she 'd seen on the internet . 
 when he refused to get involved , knowing the repercussions of spilling the beans , she insisted on doing it all herself . 
 by the end of the night she was so exhausted that she fell asleep at the kitchen table . 
 after he took several comical pictures of it , jamey picked her up and carried her to their bedroom . 
 he came out only to make sure that parker and i had everything we needed before he retreated to bed himself . 
 i went into the guest room first , changed into my pajamas , and then brushed my teeth . 
 when i climbed into bed parker walked into the room . 
 he said nothing as he pulled off his shirt and climbed in beside me . 
 since we always had to sneak to spend the night together , on account of dorm curfews , i appreciated the time we were away and could be together . 
 `` it 's always so fun being around you and peyton . 
 sometimes i forget that you 're twins . '' 
 he held me close against his chest . 
 `` that must be nice . '' 
 `` parker , do n't say that . 
 she loves you . '' 
 `` i do n't mean it in a bad way . 
 i 'd do anything for my sister , it 's just that all of our lives we 've had to share things . '' 
 `` like attention ? '' 
 it was very obvious that he longed for acceptance . 
 perhaps it had come from years of never being able to be the only child . 
 though , that still would n't have been the case since he had an older brother as well . 
 `` not that . 
 never mind . 
 it 's not even important . 
 why do n't you take off those panties , so we can stop talkin ' , and start gettin ' busy ? '' 
 i giggled and reached my lips up to him . 
 `` how do you know i want you like that ? 
 i might be too tired to commit to ten minutes of sex . '' 
 he laughed at my choice of words . 
 `` woman , you want some . 
 you 're always the one askin ' for it . 
 now 's your chance . 
 stand up and show me what 's under that t-shirt . '' 
 feeling a bit of arousal in the way he presented it , i did as i was told , standing up over top of him and lifting my shirt over my head . 
 my free br ** sts stood at attention as i shimmied down my panties , tossing them in parker 's face . 
 he put them over his head like a hat before placing both of his arms behind his head . 
 his interest in my naked body only fueled me to have the courage to start swaying my body around . 
 i drug my finger over my lips , letting my tongue coarse over it , and then rubbed the wet saliva over one of my ni ** les . 
 `` how 's this ? 
 does it make you want to f ** k me ? '' 
 his face seemed focused , but he refused to smile . 
 `` turn around and show me what else you 're hiding from me , cam . '' 
 i did as he ordered , turning around and giving my ass a little shake . 
 i heard a low grumble coming from him , and knew without even turning back to look , that he was turned on . 
 i used my toe to rub over his growing erection in his shorts . 
 `` bend over , baby . 
 i want to see that pu ** y up in my face . '' 
 the more he talked the more i wanted him . 
 it was crazy how he could change the subject , and leave me begging for his attention . 
 i bent over slowly , rubbing the skin on both of my ass cheeks . 
 while staring at his legs , i felt his warm hands running up the back of my legs . 
 his lips kissed the skin on the inside of my thigh , before his fingers drug over my pu ** y. i closed my eyes , still bent over waiting for him to do it again . 
 he slapped it lightly . 
 `` let 's get you excited . 
 you like that , do n't you ? '' 
 i placed my hands over his legs to keep my balance . 
 `` yes . 
 use your fingers . 
 feel how bad i want you . '' 
 parker wasted no time driving two fingers in between the lips of my pu ** y. i heard him moan when he discovered my eagerness . 
 swiftly , he spun me around , pulling me down on top of him . 
 `` you 're going to ride the f ** k out of me , are n't you ? '' 
 he rubbed my clit with force , making my body already want to contract . 
 i hungrily lunged my lips down , stealing a kiss while my hips found that magic spot . 
 i could sense the burning desire taking over my senses , leading me to do and say things that i 'd been taught were dirty . 
 being with parker was n't like the way the characters in all of my books had made love . 
 our sex was adulterated , mixed with a privation for satisfaction . 
 i did n't just yearn for his affection , or want to become one with him . 
 i wanted to feel so satiated that it was almost like i 'd left my body for a few moments in time . 
 i needed to feel like the world had stopped spinning while i succumbed to this man . 
 he continued rubbing my clit , while i took a firm hold of his rock hard erection and let it glide inside of my channel . 
 my pu ** y reacted immediately , contracting against his girth . 
 the ecstasy we shared could be felt in every kiss , in each movement of our hands , and in the way we connected , both physically and mentally . 
 we may have been young , but parker gave me that kind of thrilling overture , again and again . 
 every time we came together like this , it was as if nothing else in the world existed . 
 i was n't fighting with myself regarding my ambitions . 
 i was n't worried about my father 's aspiring dreams for me . 
 these moments were for the two of us alone . 
 my life may have been set in stone , but every so often , at times like these , they did n't seem to matter . 
 we came together , losing ourselves in a moment of elapsed bliss . 
 then there was a knock on the bedroom door . 
 `` can you two f ** kers keep it down in there ? 
 stop rubbin ' it in . '' 
 we both laughed at jamey 's request . 
 peyton had told us that she was having trouble , and the doctor asked them to take a break from intercourse . 
 i would have thought she 'd be uncomfortable doing it anyway , but i guess i 'd been wrong . 
 `` sucks to be you , dude . '' 
 parker laughed and pulled me in for a kiss after making his snarky comment to the unfortunate guy standing outside of the room . 
 while in his arms i knew i 'd soon fall fast asleep , content with my life and the future that we were going to have together . 
 chapter 5 parker i laid in bed watching her sleeping next to me . 
 she was so innocent from it all , and in every way i wanted life to stay that way for her . 
 with the looming knowledge that i 'd have to spend the whole weekend around my dad , it was difficult to close my eyes and rest . 
 even with the time that had already passed , we were struggling with our relationship . 
 it pained me to not be able to tell cameron , but i was also okay with her never knowing . 
 i knew our future together depended on it , and when we were at school it was easy to accomplish . 
 when i was at home it was a different story . 
 the next morning i woke up to an empty bed . 
 i could hear cameron and my sister gabbing in the living room as i climbed out of the warm covers and made my way to the bathroom . 
 they both smiled when i passed by , but waited for me to finish up before greeting me . 
 `` good morning , lazy . '' 
 i scratched my head and walked in the room toward them . 
 `` sorry . 
 i did n't sleep much last night . '' 
 `` you 'd think that after all that bangin ' you 'd be knocked out pretty quick . 
 cameron must have been doin ' all the hard work . '' 
 my sister and cam began to giggle , while i made a beeline for the kitchen . 
 just as i began pouring the hot liquid into a cup i saw someone pulling in the driveway out the window . 
 instantly i recognized the business lettering on the door panel of the truck . 
 the honk of the horn caused me to jump , spilling coffee all over the countertop . 
 `` shit . '' 
 `` parker , dad 's here to pick you up . 
 he called earlier and said he needs your help with somethin' . '' 
 i started wiping up the mess . 
 `` with what ? '' 
 `` well , since i 'm not supposed to even know about the party i have no clue . 
 just go help him . 
 cameron can ride with us to the shower later on . 
 i 'm sure he 'll keep you and shayne busy . '' 
 the only thing i heard was that i was going to be spending the whole morning with my brother and my dad , the two people that i resented the most for my poor choices . 
 they were seriously the last human beings on the planet that i wanted to hang around with . 
 `` i did n't agree to that shit at all , pey . 
 where the hell is mom at ? '' 
 `` she 's working on the cake . 
 shut up and get dressed . 
 the longer you make him wait the more pissed he 'll get . '' 
 realizing that my sister was right , i hurried into the guest room and pulled on a pair of jeans , followed with a t-shirt . 
 my father was standing at the front door when i came out from brushing my teeth . 
 `` well look at what the cat drug in . 
 it 's good to see you , dad . '' 
 i did n't know how good it was , but it sure as hell was the right thing to say to him . 
 `` good to see you as well , kid . 
 are you about ready to get going ? 
 your mother has a whole list for us to do today . '' 
 he put his hand on my shoulder and smiled , but it was nothing like the bear hugs he used to give me . 
 just as suspected my father cut out his kind act as soon as we climbed into his truck . 
 i had n't even buckled my seatbelt before he started on me . 
 `` we need to go pick up your brother . 
 i 'm telling you right now that i do n't want any drama between you two this weekend . 
 this is about your sister . 
 your mom is already pissed off that she knows about it . 
 something else just might set her over the edge , and i 'm not in the mood to deal with it . '' 
 `` i have no beef with shayne , dad . 
 we 're cool . '' 
 `` you say that now , but i 've seen you around the twins , parker . 
 you can fool everyone else , but i know that you lose your shit when you 're around them . '' 
 `` do we have to talk about this now ? 
 i 'm tellin ' you that it ai n't goin ' to be a problem . 
 cam is with me , and she do n't need to know what went down with all of that . 
 it 's been settled . 
 shayne 's got his family , and that 's the end of it . '' 
 `` one day you 're going to regret your decision . 
 what then , parker ? '' 
 it was the same argument as every single time i was around this man . 
 it was as if he wanted me to admit that giving up the twins was a mistake . 
 still to this day , i did n't regret it . 
 those kids were being raised by my brother , as his own . 
 he loved them as their father , and that gave me all of the peace that i 'd ever look for . 
 it was plainly obvious that i was n't prepared to be a father . 
 i get that accidents happen and people get through it , but ashley and i were n't even friends . 
 the only reason she kept that pregnancy at first was because she was trying to pawn them off as someone else 's . 
 had it not been for my brother stepping in there 's no telling what she would have done , or even if she would have kept them at all . 
 i hate to even speculate on it . 
 ashley had changed so much , and she and my brother had been through hell and back . 
 they deserved to be the happy family that they were . 
 as much as they all like to think that i was against them , i think i was cheering for them to last more than anyone else . 
 someday cameron and i would graduate college , get married , and then have a couple kids . 
 regardless who planted the seed in ashley ; the twins belonged to my brother . 
 i 'd vowed to myself , and to him , that i would never argue that fact , unless something happened to both of them . 
 shayne 's twins would still always be my niece and nephew . 
 i 'd love them forever , but not as my own children . 
 i think that 's what was so difficult for my parents to understand . 
 they did n't look at it in my perspective . 
 all they saw was me pushing off my problem on someone else , and letting my brother pick up the pieces . 
 in retrospect i could understand why they felt the way they did , but also knew that my choice was only going to benefit everyone . 
 mostly , i wanted us all to be a happy family again . 
 i turned to my father , as sure as i 'd ever been about the subject . 
 `` they ai n't my kids . 
 it 's as simple as that . 
 they 've got a dad and mom that love them like crazy . 
 why would i ever want to cause problems ? '' 
 `` son , i wish i could tell you the answer to that , but i just ca n't anymore . 
 your mother and i still ca n't wrap our heads around it . '' 
 `` well it seems like you 're the ones with the problem then . 
 i 'm happy , and i 'm doin ' my best to move forward . 
 do n't you want to get back to the way we were before ? '' 
 he was quiet for a second , rolled down the window , and lit up a smoke . 
 `` i just expected so much more out of you , maybe out of shayne , but never you , parker . '' 
 `` so you 're smokin ' again because of me ? 
 i 'm real glad i could assist you in ruining your health . 
 is there anything else you want to blame me for ? '' 
 i hated being sarcastic with my dad , but enough was enough . 
 anyone would have been frustrated . 
 it had been two years . 
 they 've had two whole years to get over it . 
 i understood that i was living away at college , and that they had a lot of pent up issues . 
 the thing was , this happened every single time we did visit each other . 
 it was the same conversation on repeat . 
 `` listen here , boy . 
 you 're lucky you 're even sitting in that seat over there . 
 if it was n't for shayne your ass would n't have been invited at all . '' 
 when everything first went down he 'd severed ties with me , a lot like he 'd done with shayne in the past . 
 it was all a ploy to make us change our ways . 
 the thing was , after the whole falling out i 'd realized more than ever that i 'd made the right decision about the twins . 
 my brother was on the birth certificate , and ashley had a backup with a signed document from me forfeiting my rights , in case the birth certificate ever came into question . 
 they covered all their bases , so the only thing holding onto the past was our parents . 
 had my mom been in the truck he would n't have pushed me the way he was . 
 my dad always mellowed out when it came to her . 
 he did n't speak to me until we pulled up in front of shayne 's house . 
 my brother kissed his wife at the front door and walked out to the truck . 
 i hopped out of the front seat to greet him . 
 we shook hands and hugged at the same time . 
 `` what 's up , man . 
 long time no see . '' 
 shayne pulled away and looked me right in the eyes . 
 `` you look good . '' 
 `` so do you . 
 married life must be treatin ' you well . 
 it looks like you 've picked up some daddy weight . '' 
 i said it loud enough so that my father would hear . 
 he was probably behind me cringing , or possibly choking on his nicotine stick . 
 `` yeah , i do n't have time for the gym anymore . 
 the kids could live on fries and macaroni , so we have it a lot . '' 
 shayne hopped in the front seat , leaving me to climb in the back . 
 i was grateful , considering that he 'd now have to be close to our dad , instead of me . 
 `` how 's cameron ? 
 did you bring her along ? '' 
 shayne asked . 
 `` yeah , she 's with peyton . '' 
 `` do n't leave them alone too long . 
 she 'll get baby fever , '' shayne teased . 
 our father had started to pull away , but stepped on the brake , jerking our heads . 
 `` how is it that the two of you can joke about shit like this ? 
 do either of you see how wrong it is ? '' 
 he asked . 
 what was wrong was the fact that he could n't understand . 
 `` dad ... i look at it like this . 
 say i went to the sperm bank and donated . 
 at some point there would be kids walkin ' around with my dna . 
 that does n't give me any rights to them , does it ? '' 
 `` this ai n't what happened , parker . 
 i raised you better than this . '' 
 `` ashley may not have gone to the sperm bank , but that 's how i see it . 
 it was a drunken night that i barely remember . '' 
 `` those are the consequences you get for being reckless . 
 you ca n't just pass your problems to the next guy in line . '' 
 i understood his point . 
 `` look , dad . 
 nothin ' i say is goin ' to make you forgive me . 
 everything turned out for the best . '' 
 `` he 's right . 
 we can sit here and be pissed at parker , or we can get over it . 
 i know it was a hard road , but i 've got two children that call me their daddy . 
 i 've got a wife that i 'd give my own life for . 
 none of that would have happened if parker had n't made that mistake . 
 ca n't we just agree that all things happen for a reason ? '' 
 i could n't believe that shayne was taking up for me , granted he had a point . 
 i suppose it was easier for him and ashley to look at me that way than as someone who completely f ** ked up their lives for a while . 
 no matter how i looked at it , i could n't seem to find a way to redeem myself for my actions . 
 my parents would never understand , even if i spent the next fifty years proving it . 
 i knew i did n't deserve it , but i just wanted to be back in their good-graces . 
 i wanted to come around more , and have them visit me like they used to . 
 for the first time in my life i felt so alone . 
 sure , i had cameron , but not the support of my family . 
 it was very difficult . 
 chapter 6 cameron since i was left alone with peyton for a while , i decided that it was as good time to pick her brain about what her brother could be hiding from me . 
 clearly something else had to have happened for their relationship to become so untethered . 
 she was already dressed for the baby shower , seemingly in a fantastic mood . 
 `` hey , i know it 's probably wrong for me to ask , but i 'm worried about parker . 
 do you know what happened between him and his dad ? 
 he used to be so close to him , and now it seems like they barely speak . '' 
 she turned her head when she spoke to me . 
 i knew from years of living with two lawyers what to look for as far as body language went . 
 peyton was about to lie to me . 
 `` my dad is a difficult man to deal with , that 's all . 
 it ai n't nothin ' personal . 
 he picks his favorites . 
 it 's like he can only have one at a time . 
 for a while it was parker , because let 's face it , he 's the one who got the full ride to college . 
 when the hype of that wore off , he focused all his energy on shayne , and his little family . 
 now , he 's all up my ass . 
 if i were parker , i 'd appreciate the break . 
 my dad can be an overbearin ' ass when he wants to be . '' 
 it was interesting how easy it was for peyton to express that to me . 
 if i had n't known that she was hiding something , i would have believed that she genuinely felt that way about her father . 
 in some ways i secretly wondered if that 's exactly how she saw the man . 
 as unfortunate as that might be , my concern was parker . 
 even if his father did have a convoluted way of giving his children attention , it did n't explain the way he 'd cut him off . 
 even his mother was in on it . 
 deciding that it was best to pretend that i believed her , i dropped the subject . 
 later on , once we 'd arrived at the party , i was drawn to the way that parker stayed by my side . 
 i watched his family interacting , seemingly avoiding contact with us . 
 i was n't any kind of social worker , but this was clearly obvious . 
 the animosity in the room could have been cut with a knife it was so thick . 
 how could everyone pretend that nothing was going on ? 
 parker kept smiling , and watching them , as if nothing was wrong . 
 it was weird , and i was about to come unhinged if i did n't do something to distract myself . 
 there was one thing that i knew was a surefire way to stay occupied . 
 i walked away from my boyfriend and headed over to where the twins were running around chasing each other . 
 eli , the little boy , lost his balloon . 
 i watched it float up to the ceiling , before hearing him start to cry . 
 with no regard for who may be watching , i reached up and grabbed the string , returning it to the little guy . 
 he looked up at me with bright blue , wide eyes and smiled . 
 `` tank you . '' 
 i bent down to be eye-level with him . 
 `` you 're welcome , cutie . '' 
 he giggled , tilting his head as if he were being shy . 
 `` wan na pay ? '' 
 `` do i want to play ? '' 
 i looked around the room full of people that i barely knew . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'd love to play . '' 
 eli took me by the hand , towing his balloon the whole time in his other hand , as he led me into a large room . 
 a bag full of toys was already opened . 
 he grabbed a handful of little characters and handed some to me . 
 after checking behind me , noticing that his sister had n't followed , i sat down and began to pretend play with the small child . 
 i 'd never babysat before , or even considered what it would be like to connect to a child , but as i sat there beside him i immediately felt something that had never occurred before . 
 i felt this longing to befriend him ; to show him as much attention as i possibly could offer . 
 perhaps it was all derived from the lack of childhood interactions in my own life , or maybe it was just me having a longing to one day become a parent . 
 at any rate , i was completely mesmerized by this small boy . 
 a few moments later his mother , ashley , came into the room . 
 there were certain things that she and i shared in our upbringing . 
 we 'd both been raised with a silver spoon , and had also been only children . 
 although we had other similarities , i 'd always been reluctant to bond with her , on account of parker being so hostile about her . 
 it was yet another unanswered set of questions that left me curious . 
 `` i was wondering where he 'd run off to . '' 
 she sat down in front of me as if we were close friends . 
 `` this boy loves to get into things when nobody is lookin ' . 
 i 'm real glad you came in here with him , otherwise we may have had marker on the walls , or maybe even urine on the carpets . '' 
 i could tell she was trying to break the ice with small talk , so i went along with it . 
 as much as i loved my boyfriend , i knew that all of my questions were causing problems between us . 
 until i could figure things out , i could n't see me dropping it . 
 `` wow , i guess you really have your hands full . '' 
 `` it gets hectic , but i would n't trade it for the world . 
 it helps that shayne 's such a good father . 
 with all of my medical history i do n't know what i would do without him . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 've seen how good he is with them . '' 
 `` you and parker seem pretty serious . 
 have you talked about havin ' kids ? '' 
 i smiled when her southern accent came into play . 
 it was n't strong , but with certain words it was apparent . 
 i let out a short , air-filled laugh . 
 `` we talk about our future , but it 's a long time away for us . 
 i 've got years of school left , and parker 's only priority is getting into the nfl . 
 there 's no time for us to even consider something like that currently . '' 
 ashley leaned over and kissed her son . 
 `` well , when you do decide to take that step , make sure you 're ready for sleepless nights , and never havin ' the bed to yourself again . 
 there are times when i wonder how women keep birthin ' children . 
 my two are hard enough . 
 have you seen that show where a couple has like twenty kids ? 
 that 's just insane . '' 
 i had n't seen the show , but it was n't surprising since i did n't watch television . 
 i had too much studying to do to occupy myself with something irrelevant to my future . 
 at times i sat next to parker , who enjoyed all sorts of shows , mostly titles that were comedy , instead of real life news . 
 he also spent half of his life tuned to the sports stations , watching highlights of games , and learning about other sport-related news . 
 `` twenty children sound like madness to me . 
 i 'd be happy with two children , after i was made partner at my dad 's firm , of course . '' 
 ashley gave me this look , as if what i 'd said had rubbed her the wrong way . 
 all i could think about was what parker had told me about the woman . 
 she had skeletons in her closet that caused a lot of problems for the hutchinson family . 
 yet , they 'd all seemed to have brushed them under the rug . 
 i could n't understand why they 'd forgive her , but not their own son . 
 `` forgive me for asking , but do you know anything about parker and his dad ? 
 has shayne said anything to you about why they no longer get along ? '' 
 i watched her body language change instantly , letting me know that she definitely knew something . 
 what was with this family being so secretive ? 
 it only made me more intrigued to learn to truth . 
 call me inquisitive or just plain nosey , but something was going on , and in order to mend my relationship with parker , i needed to figure it out . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cameron . 
 i try not to get involved with their family problems . 
 it took me a long enough time for them to accept that i loved their son . 
 meddlin ' would n't turn out good for me . 
 why do you ask anyway ? 
 is somethin' wrong ? 
 has parker said somethin' to peak your interest ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he wo n't talk to me about it . 
 we always told each other everything , and i thought he trusted me . 
 there 's obviously something going on , he just refuses to let me in . 
 i 'm afraid it might ruin our relationship if it continues . '' 
 `` for your sake i hope it does n't . 
 you 're good for parker . 
 maybe it would be better to not dwell on the past and look toward the future . 
 i had to learn that the hard way . '' 
 `` i 've heard about what you went through . 
 it 's a miracle you 're alive . 
 you 're very lucky . '' 
 she was never expected to recover as much as she had . 
 parker had told me that . 
 he also said that she 'd lost some memories , and the doctors had told her she may never get them back . 
 frankly , that helped her with letting go . 
 unfortunately , my situation was different . 
 i was determined to fix my boyfriend , no matter who i had to cross to figure out what it was that was broken . 
 chapter 7 parker cameron was being exceptionally problematic during the baby shower . 
 when she walked away to play with eli i had to ignore the way it made me feel . 
 i knew they were my brother 's children , and even though i 'd gotten past that , it did n't make it less awkward when i was around them . 
 for the most part i was scared to interact with them , on account of knowing what my family might be thinking . 
 plus i could n't let my brother feel threatened . 
 no matter what happened i 'd never try to take them from him . 
 this visit home was going worse with my girlfriend breathing down my back . 
 it was like it did n't make a difference where i turned , i could n't get free of being consumed with guilt . 
 it only reminded me again how my life was better off out of maryland and away from my family . 
 it was sad to admit it to myself , but it was the hard truth . 
 i had to keep my distance , no matter how difficult it was . 
 cameron pressed me for information the entire ride home . 
 by the time we arrived back at the college i was ready to get away from her , which was unusual . 
 normally she was my rock , except now she 'd become a pain in my ass ; a constant reminder of what i was trying so hard to overcome . 
 ashley had come to me and told me how she was asking questions . 
 she and shayne were worried about the repercussions if she found out the truth , and what it would mean for their happy family . 
 cameron could n't understand that her prying was putting my whole family on high alert . 
 our secret was to stay buried for a reason . 
 what i wished she could understand was that i was n't that guy anymore . 
 i knew what i 'd done to my brother , and my family . 
 i knew the pain i 'd caused everyone , and i promised myself that i 'd never do that again . 
 my dilemma was getting cameron to see that without explaining the reason . 
 seeing as that was going to be impossible , i did n't know what else to do but end things with her . 
 as much as it was going to hurt me , i knew i did n't have a choice . 
 i had to do this for my family , because even if they never fully forgave me , i 'd need to be able to forgive myself . 
 i did n't sleep that night , and when cameron called me in the morning she could probably tell that something was up . 
 i was extremely melancholy , and with the knowledge of what was about to happen lingering over my head , i could n't exactly seem interested in small talk . 
 i dressed and prepared to meet her for breakfast , like we did each morning . 
 forcing myself to walk across campus and break her heart was damn near impossible . 
 i loved this girl , more than i 'd ever loved anyone before . 
 when i looked into those eyes of hers i saw my future , the only life i wanted . 
 ending things was like committing suicide in many ways . 
 i was ending my life as i knew it , and my girlfriend was holding the rope . 
 i sat down at the table across from her , watching her slide a tray of food in my direction . 
 her smile beckoned me , reminding me of all the reasons that i fell in love with her in the first place . 
 this was n't just a girlfriend that i enjoyed getting into my bed . 
 cameron was the one for me . 
 she knew me better than i knew myself , and that 's why we were in this predicament . 
 she was n't going to stop until she found out the truth . 
 this had to be done . 
 i reached across the table and grabbed her hand , causing her immediate alarm . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 she raised her brow , seemingly amused by my announcement . 
 `` are you finally going to tell me the truth ? '' 
 i tried to play it off . 
 `` this is the reason we 're talkin ' . 
 you keep assumin ' things that are n't there . 
 i asked you to back off , but you could n't leave things alone . 
 now i 've got a monkey on my back , and i ca n't do this anymore . '' 
 i looked down at the table when i said the last sentence . 
 `` we ca n't do this anymore , cam . '' 
 `` do what ? 
 argue ? 
 everyone argues . 
 it 's part of normal human behavior . 
 i do n't understand why you ca n't come clean . 
 what do they have on you , parker ? 
 just tell me what happened with your family . 
 is it something illegal ? '' 
 of course she 'd think that . 
 she 'd been raised to assume the worst in everyone . 
 being a lawyer was already in her blood . 
 no matter what i did , she would n't back down until she won her case . 
 `` i need time . '' 
 `` time for what ? '' 
 i could n't look her in the eyes , because mine were already burning . 
 a lump formed in my throat and i could feel the pain radiating from my heart . 
 `` i need a break from you ; from us . 
 you 're pushin ' me away , and you ca n't even see it . '' 
 she reached for my hand , but i pulled away . 
 i could n't let her see my pain , so the only thing i could do was get up and walk away . 
 i grinded my teeth together , clenching my jaws , while standing and taking my first couple steps away from the table . 
 i heard her calling my name again and again , but i refused to look back . 
 i 'd broken her heart , probably ripped her to shreds , and it was n't even what i wanted . 
 i did it for my family , and they did n't even care . 
 for the next couple of days cameron did everything in her power to reach out to me . 
 she wanted answers , in which she deserved ; answers that i was n't willing to give her . 
 if only i could have explained how we could n't be together because she would n't leave well enough alone . 
 by the time the weekend came , i 'd suffered enough . 
 i decided to go to the one place where i knew i 'd find solitude . 
 i went home . 
 actually , i went to the beach house . 
 i arrived around ten in the morning . 
 the roads were deserted , and i cracked my first smile in days as i pulled into the driveway . 
 i knew i 'd be alone , and once my phone was turned off , i 'd be able to clear my head enough to go back to school . 
 after opening the place up , i laid down on the couch and decided to take a much-needed nap . 
 i never anticipated being woken up by my brother . 
 shayne stood over me , dressed in a business suit . 
 i rubbed my eyes to make sure i was n't dreaming . 
 `` shayne ? '' 
 `` do you have any other brothers with keys to this place ? '' 
 i sat up and watched him finding comfort in the chair across from me . 
 `` i did n't know you 'd be here . '' 
 `` you did n't mention it yourself . 
 so where 's your girlfriend ? 
 last week it seemed like she never left your side . '' 
 i looked down at the floor as i explained . 
 `` i had to break up with her , bro . '' 
 `` is it because of what she was asking ash ? 
 she told me how she was trying to figure out the big family secret . '' 
 he stretched his arms out when he said the word ` big ' . 
 i pinched my nose , trying to relieve the looming headache i 'd had for days . 
 `` do n't get me started . '' 
 `` man , i thought she was good for you . 
 is it permanent ? '' 
 i fell back against the cushions , and spread out . 
 `` i do n't even know . 
 cameron 's not one to back off . 
 when she wants somethin' she 's used to gettin ' it . 
 we both know that the truth ca n't come out . 
 i just needed to make sure that it would n't happen on my watch . 
 i 've done enough damage to this family . 
 the last thing i need is a nosey girlfriend causing more problems . '' 
 it hurt me to talk about cameron in a negative way . 
 `` the only problem that i see with your plan is getting over someone you clearly care a lot about . 
 look , parker , you do n't have to act tough with me . 
 i know what it 's like to be in love . 
 i 'm just not sure the sacrifice you made is the right one . 
 have you even considered tellin ' her the truth on your terms ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 cameron 's all about doin ' the right thing . 
 she 'd never settle for me steppin ' back and lettin ' you raise the twins . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 she 's seen me with them . 
 she knows they 're my kids in every way . '' 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` do n't get defensive . 
 i ai n't sayin ' that i 'd agree with her . 
 nobody 's takin ' the twins from you , bro . 
 i swear it on my life . 
 i hope you can trust that . '' 
 shayne shook his head . 
 `` oh man , i 'm sorry . 
 i get a little overprotective when it comes to them . 
 i 'm the only dad they 've ever known . 
 i knew we 'd have to go through this , but i ca n't ever prepare for it . '' 
 `` like i said before , you 're their dad . 
 the only regrets i have is the way i handled things . 
 all i 'm sayin ' is that cameron longs for some sort of family connection , since her upbringing was so absurd . 
 she wants to be a devoted mother someday , and that tells me how much she 'd disagree with what 's been done . 
 i also know she 'll never forgive me for my part in it all . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , parker . 
 i really am . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 for what it 's worth , i 'm glad you stopped by . '' 
 i paused for a minute , noticing again what he was wearing . 
 `` what are you doin ' here ? 
 should n't you be headed home to your family ? '' 
 `` i 've got a meeting in the morning at the inlet . 
 i thought it would be a good idea if i stopped by and checked on the place , since we had all that rain last week . 
 mom 's spendin ' the night with ash and the kids , just in case she needs help . '' 
 `` so it 's just you and me then ? '' 
 `` it appears so . '' 
 shayne stood up and motioned toward the front door . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll buy the first round . '' 
 chapter 8 cameron i could n't believe this was actually happening . 
 if i would have known how far he 'd go to keep me from learning the truth i might have taken a different approach . 
 since this was my first actual breakup , i had no idea how to handle myself . 
 it was n't like i 'd read a handbook on how to deal with being dumped . 
 all of the books i 'd read had nothing to do with sad endings . 
 they were a bunch of fairytales , giving me false hope that true love happens to good people . 
 i thought i was one of them . 
 apparently i did n't know half as much as i thought i did . 
 i often wondered why my parents were so hell-bent on keeping me focused . 
 now i knew why . 
 they saw what i would n't let myself see . 
 they knew the inevitable . 
 i was incapable of being in a real relationship , because i lacked the kind of people skills that it required . 
 for better terms i was like a child in an adult 's body . 
 i looked the part , but could n't understand basic communication . 
 if i did , i 'd have a boyfriend that i was madly in love with . 
 speaking of the word love ; it hurt . 
 in my vast vocabulary i 'd never experienced such a powerful word . 
 it brought happiness , security , hope , and then pain . 
 for the first few days i tried my hardest to convince parker that i 'd change . 
 i called his cell phone , texted messages , and even wrote him letters that i slipped under his door . 
 he refused to respond to any of them . 
 had it not been for my pushing i would have sworn that there was someone else , but i knew better . 
 he 'd asked me time and time again to stop prying where my nose did n't belong . 
 he practically begged me to let it go . 
 why could n't i ? 
 i mean , why did i even care ? 
 we had a good relationship , and i loved him with all of my heart . 
 why did his family matter so much to me ? 
 if it was jealousy then the joke was on me . 
 i was left even lonelier than i was growing up . 
 i thought that when my mother got sick i 'd cried a river of tears . 
 i knew that was n't literal , but it certainly felt like it was . 
 nothing could have prepared me to how this breakup affected me . 
 i sobbed so hard that my eyes swelled shut . 
 i could n't go to my classes , because i could n't stand to crawl out of bed . 
 losing parker made me feel like my whole life was n't worth living . 
 i felt like i wanted to give up , because my future that i longed for was n't going to happen . 
 it 's how i also knew that my feelings were real . 
 only love could hurt this much . 
 by friday i finally got the hint that he was n't going to talk to me . 
 as much as it hurt , i knew i 'd never hear the end of it if i did n't get back on track with my studies . 
 luckily i was such a good student that my professors allowed me an extension for being sick . 
 at least , that 's the excuse i gave when i emailed them . 
 since i did n't care to associate with my wild roommate , i decided to go to the library and get started on my makeup work . 
 before i knew it i 'd spent half of the night behind a book . 
 a volunteer had to come over and kindly ask if i could finish up . 
 for the first time in years i had to walk home alone . 
 parker was n't there to keep me safe . 
 i gathered my things and began on my short walk back to the dorm . 
 i made it halfway before my phone started ringing . 
 since i was n't the most popular person i knew it could be one of three people . 
 i picked up before even looking to see who the caller was . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hey , baby , it 's me . '' 
 `` parker ? '' 
 my heart immediately began to race . 
 i became so excited to hear his voice that i had to sit down on a set of steps outside to catch my breath . 
 `` yep . 
 it 's me . 
 who else would be calling you at ... '' he paused for a minute , like he was looking at the time . 
 `` quarter till twelve ? '' 
 i could hear noise in the background . 
 after concentrating on it , i realized that it was music . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm out with my brother . 
 i 've got a confession to make . 
 i might be intoxicated . '' 
 he started laughing at himself . 
 `` did you say you were with shayne ? 
 so , you went home for the weekend ? '' 
 `` i 'm at the beach . 
 i had to get away from you , and all your questions . 
 why 'd you have to pry , cam ? 
 why could n't you just stop askin ' ? '' 
 the smile left my face . 
 he was obviously drunk , asking me questions that i did n't want to get into , especially over the phone . 
 `` parker , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` you 're sorry ? 
 do you have any idea how much this hurts me ? 
 woman , i 'm f ** kin ' miserable without you . 
 all i wanted was for you to leave well enough alone . 
 we could have been happy , cam . 
 i would have spent my whole life giving you everything you deserved . '' 
 i could hear his voice breaking up , like he was fighting back his emotions . 
 i 'd seen parker get emotional after he had too much to drink , and knew it was happening again . 
 `` where 's shayne ? '' 
 `` he went to take a piss . 
 he broke the seal a while back . 
 he 's a pu ** y drinker , ca n't hold his liquor anymore . '' 
 i knew it was n't the time , albeit i could n't help myself . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i 'll always love you , cam . 
 you 're the one for me . 
 i knew it from the very beginnin ' . '' 
 it made me cry more . 
 `` i know you 're just calling me because you 've been drinking , but i missed you . 
 i just want you to forgive me . '' 
 `` no can do , baby . 
 i ca n't let you in . 
 some things are best buried in the past . 
 trust me ; you do n't want to know anyway . 
 i 'm not a good guy . '' 
 `` yes you are . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm really not . 
 i 've done things . 
 i 've hurt people . '' 
 he snickered after that then continued speaking . 
 `` hey , do you remember that time we snuck into the indoor pool after it closed ? 
 i talked you into swimmin ' in your panties . 
 i think about that all of the time . '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that was back when life was good . 
 it was when we first started datin ' . 
 i knew when i first saw you that i had to have you . '' 
 `` you 're the first boy i ever loved , '' i started to cry harder when i said it . 
 i do n't know why , because it was n't a secret . 
 parker knew he was my first love . 
 he knew everything about me . 
 `` i had to work so hard to get you to give me a chance . 
 then i finally got into those panties . 
 it was worth it , cam . 
 you 're the best . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i like how you 're so ticklish . 
 it makes me horny . '' 
 `` when will you be back ? 
 i want to see you . '' 
 i heard shayne 's voice in the background . 
 `` dude , i leave for one minute and you get right on your phone . 
 where 's the self control ? '' 
 `` i was callin ' for a pizza . 
 they are n't home . '' 
 the line went dead . 
 i sat there for a few minutes staring at the screen . 
 not only did it fail to ring , but the backlight turned off , leaving me there in the pitch black . 
 it was after curfew , and i knew i needed to head inside immediately , but all i could do was sob . 
 i was n't able to handle the bout of emotions that took over . 
 they held me there against my will , reminding me of all the reasons that i felt so alone . 
 i needed parker 's arms around me telling me that it was going to be okay . 
 i needed my best friend to make me smile . 
 he 'd thrown our love away , and i was destroyed over it . 
 i did n't understand how anyone could feel this hopeless and then go out and look for love again . 
 it was horrible . 
 i just wanted to lay on the ground in a lethargic stupor . 
 i wanted to give up on all of my dreams , because i could n't have the one thing that brought joy to my life . 
 what was my future without parker ? 
 was i just supposed to become a lawyer and come home to an empty house , with no husband , and certainly no children ? 
 is that really how it was going to turn out ? 
 surely i 'd not let myself go through this for a second time . 
 i was too smart to undergo this kind of torture twice . 
 this was it . 
 i hated love without parker , and i hated myself for pushing him away . 
 i sat up for hours , contemplating calling him back . 
 finally , when my nerves could n't take it any longer , i sent him a message . 
 i 'm glad you called me tonight . 
 i love you . 
 - cameron he never replied , and as the hours passed i knew that he probably would n't even remember contacting me . 
 i was still in the same place as before . 
 my heart was broken , and there was nothing i could do to convince him that he should forgive me . 
 a part of me wondered if i even needed forgiveness at all . 
 he was clearly hiding something , and now he 'd slipped and said more about it . 
 since i 'd lost everything , i knew i had to let it go . 
 it has cost me my happiness , and taught me a lesson about keeping my nose out of other people 's affairs . 
 maybe parker was right . 
 maybe the secret was better off buried . 
 chapter 9 parker i woke up with one hell of a hangover . 
 after sitting up in bed i realized that i was still at the beach house . 
 my clothes reminded me that i 'd changed and gone out with my brother . 
 slowly pieces of the night were coming back to me . 
 i checked my phone to find the time and saw a message from cameron . 
 that 's when i realized that i 'd called her . 
 just to double check , i looked at my call log , noticing her number close to midnight . 
 it said that we 'd talked for four minutes , but for the life of me , i could n't remember what about . 
 my biggest fears were that i 'd told her my secret . 
 then i noticed she 'd texted me well after our phone call , and it did n't seem like she was angry . 
 still , i had to know for sure . 
 i needed to make certain that cameron was n't going to cause problems for my brother . 
 i knew that calling her was only going to cause us both more pain . 
 reluctantly , i dialed her number and waited to hear her voice ; the voice of the woman that i 'd never stop loving . 
 `` parker . 
 i did n't think i 'd hear from you today . '' 
 `` yeah , i just wanted to make sure you were okay . 
 i did n't know if i said anything that might upset you . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` everything upsets me these days . 
 i guess it 's part of moving on . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed , even though i really did n't . 
 the last thing i wanted was to picture her moving on . 
 `` i wish it did n't have to be this way , cam . 
 believe me when i say that . '' 
 i could hear her crying on the other end of the call . 
 it broke my heart hurting her , especially when none of my feelings had changed . 
 this was a sacrifice that i had to make for my family , whether i liked it or not , i had to stick with the decision . 
 `` i do n't want to be without you , though . 
 this is n't fair . 
 you 're punishing me for wanting to know everything about you . '' 
 `` so obviously i ca n't be trusted . 
 that should give you enough reason to know we should n't be together . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're hiding , but i hope this was worth it . 
 please do n't call me anymore , parker . 
 i ca n't handle hearing your voice . '' 
 she hung up before i could respond . 
 it was good that she did , because every minute on the phone with her was making me feel like i needed to change my mind . 
 shayne walked into the room as i was sitting my phone back down on the table beside me . 
 `` you want some coffee ? 
 i 've got to head out soon . 
 i miss ash and the kids . 
 she 's not used to me bein ' away overnight . '' 
 `` i 'll get some . 
 you go on and head home to your family . 
 i 'm just goin ' to hang out for a while to clear my head . '' 
 shayne sat down next to me . 
 i watched his face contort , as if he was struggling to find the words to say to me . 
 `` parker , i want you to know how much i appreciate what you 've given me . 
 you 're the most unselfish person that i 've ever met . 
 it 's a shame that everyone else ca n't see it . '' 
 `` we were raised that family comes first . 
 i know i was an ass ** le , but the moment i knew your intentions were true , i had to make the right choice for everyone . '' 
 `` i know what you 're givin ' up . 
 last night you could n't shut up about it . '' 
 `` yeah , well it 's too late to change anything . 
 the damage is done , and i 'm just goin ' to figure out the best way to move forward . '' 
 my brother put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` if you need anything , you know you can call me . 
 i 'll be there for you , no matter what . '' 
 we had a moment , before he headed out , and i do n't think my brother could ever know what it meant to me to have his support . 
 he 'd be the last person that i expected to have my back , and there he was , promising that i 'd never be alone . 
 i spent the day on the beach , alone , listening to the waves crashing as they came to land . 
 the wind whipped , making the heat of the sun bearable . 
 i was n't there to get a tan . 
 instead , i knew it was the one place where i could clear my head , and reflect on everything that had happened to me in the last few years . 
 the ironic thing was that this all started in the room that i 'd spent the night in . 
 then we 'd ended up on this very beach that i sat on . 
 that one night had ruined my future , and if i did n't love my brother so much i would have regretted it . 
 seeing the happiness in his eyes when he was near the twins was what let me know that things happen for a reason . 
 shayne was meant to be with ashley in her time of need . 
 he was meant to fall in love with her , and stick by her side when she almost lost her life . 
 my actions all led to this very moment , and although i did n't have the girl that i wanted , i found some peace in knowing that my brother did . 
 at the end of the day i still felt like shit , but i had a better understanding as to why i 'd made the right choice . 
 this was my punishment . 
 karma was paying me back , and i deserved every bit of it . 
 it was just unfortunate that i had to hurt cam . 
 she had n't done anything wrong . 
 that 's what was eating me up inside . 
 cameron his call had n't made me feel better . 
 i had to hang up the phone , because one more second talking to him was going to kill me . 
 i do n't know why i did it , but i found myself driving to my parent 's house . 
 they 'd never been there for my personal problems , but i had nowhere else to go for advice . 
 of course , they did n't like parker , so it was obvious what they 'd want me to do . 
 i just hope they had a solution for me , because i was so distraught that i could n't focus on anything else . 
 `` what do you mean he broke up with you ? '' 
 my father was furious from the moment my breakup left my lips . 
 `` you heard me , daddy . 
 he said we were n't going to work out . 
 now i 'm a mess inside and i do n't know how to make it go away . '' 
 i started crying right in front of him , but did n't get the expected hug that most girls would get from their fathers . 
 instead he stood up and walked over to the liquor cart , filling two glasses with dark bourbon . 
 he drank half of his before responding again . 
 `` it 's for the best , cameron . 
 you 've got too much going for you to be tied down to a dreamer like parker . 
 what kind of future could he ever offer you with a career in football ? 
 even if he 's picked up for some canadian league , he wo n't be able to provide for you long term . 
 that boy 's going to end up working for his father in a garage . 
 mark my words . '' 
 my dad did n't understand that money meant nothing to me . 
 i 'd live in a tent with parker if we could be together . 
 happiness was n't justified by money ; it was about living life to the fullest . 
 the best things in my life so far had been free . 
 `` i love him . '' 
 `` you love the idea of having a boyfriend . 
 i get it . 
 i know you 've lived a semi-sheltered life , but it was only because we were able to offer you a top-notch education . 
 one day you 'll thank us for making those choices for you . '' 
 i started thinking about my arguments with parker . 
 he always said that becoming a lawyer was my parent 's dream for me , not my own . 
 i always refused to believe that , but as my father spoke i was beginning to take light of his words . 
 my parents had pushed being a lawyer on me , for as long as i could remember . 
 when i was ten he gave me a set of business cards with my name on them . 
 i still had them in my closet somewhere . 
 the whole point was that he was never going to understand my feelings for parker , or how it felt to be in love for the right reasons , instead of a good business choice . 
 if my dad had his way he 'd arrange my marriage , pawning me off on one of the younger partners . 
 `` i do appreciate what you 've both given me . 
 this has nothing to do with that . 
 i want to be with parker , because i love him , whether you choose to believe that or not . 
 i feel empty inside without him . 
 i wish you could understand that . '' 
 my mother wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` we do , but we also know that you 'll recover from this , and it will only improve the strong woman we 've raised you to be . '' 
 as quick as she 'd begun to comfort me her mood immediately adjusted . 
 `` i 've got a brilliant idea . 
 you should come with us next weekend to the lodge . 
 it would do you good to get away . '' 
 `` mom , i do n't feel like going to the pocono 's . 
 i 'd be the third wheel . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 there will be plenty of people with us . 
 half of the firm is going with their families . 
 perhaps you could even invite a girlfriend to come along . '' 
 i shrugged , feeling sorry for myself as soon as she 'd said it . 
 `` i do n't really have many female friends . '' 
 `` well that needs to change . 
 i think having a boyfriend certainly held you back from spreading your wings . 
 i assumed by now you 'd have joined a sorority . '' 
 she must have had me confused with her other invisible daughter . 
 `` that 's never going to happen , mom . 
 i 'm not into all that kind of socializing . 
 besides , dad has made it clear that my studies come first . 
 that would only be a distraction to the plan . '' 
 the plan had been drilled into my head every day of my life . 
 i knew she was just trying to cheer me up from my recent heartbreak , but joining a sorority was n't the answer . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i 'll never forget my sisters from college . '' 
 `` i 'm not you , mom . 
 i 'm going to keep my focus on school . 
 it 's for the best . 
 maybe i 'll pick up an extra class in my free time . '' 
 it stressed me out to even consider it , but i knew it would occupy my time enough to relieve some of the worrying i 'd been doing . 
 i 'd never felt so emotional , and i was afraid that it was going to lead me into a state of depression i would n't be able to get out of . 
 i could n't even remember feeling so lost in my life . 
 it was becoming a travesty . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i think i may take you up on that offer . 
 maybe a weekend away will do me some good . '' 
 my mother clapped her hands together . 
 `` perfect . 
 be here at four on friday . 
 we 'll pack up the car and head out . 
 it 's going to be a great time . 
 you 'll get to meet some of our best clients . '' 
 i was n't thrilled that they were going to take my current state of depression as a sign from above that i wanted to mingle with people the firm represented . 
 the only thing i was interested in doing was being with parker , or learning how to let him go . 
 chapter 10 parker it was difficult to focus on anything when i was occupied by my mistakes . 
 even after doing the right thing , i struggled with my decisions , knowing that the consequences had cost me dearly . 
 i 'd avoided her at all costs , finding it easy since our schedules were usually on the opposite sides of the large campus . 
 it was n't until the weekend arrived that i fought with myself over going to visit her . 
 that saturday morning i sat in my bed , after tossing and turning for yet another night , fighting with myself to be a man and accept that i could n't change what had been done . 
 unfortunately , after being so restless , i knew there was only one type of drug that would help me . 
 her name was cameron . 
 i showered and dressed quickly , all the while contemplating what i was going to say to get her to forgive me . 
 after my second shoe was on , i raced over to her dorm to find a note on her door . 
 notes for professor stein 's class are located on be back on monday i stopped the girl next door in the hallway . 
 `` hey , do you have any idea where cameron went ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` how the hell would i know ? 
 she does n't speak to me . '' 
 `` thanks anyway . '' 
 i watched her walk away before heading in the opposite direction to exit the building . 
 once i 'd made it to the cafeteria , i knew i was going to have to reach out to her . 
 there was no way i could go through another day without hearing her voice . 
 i waited until i was done eating to pull out my phone . 
 it rang four times before the voicemail picked up . 
 she 'd always answered my calls , so this worried me . 
 i started to wonder if my decision had caused her to do something out of character , or even drastic . 
 i 'd never even considered that maybe she 'd become so distraught that she 'd become sick over it . 
 i dialed again , and just before the forth ring i heard her voice . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` cam , it 's me . 
 are you alright ? 
 i went to your room and a note says you 're gone for the weekend . '' 
 `` i 'm in the poconos . 
 why ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` what are you there for ? '' 
 i had to ask , since the last time we 'd gone it had been for a romantic getaway . 
 `` i came here to forget about you , parker . '' 
 in the background i heard someone calling her name . 
 the voice was male , and it was n't her father . 
 `` so that 's how it 's goin ' to be ? 
 you 're just goin ' to move on ? '' 
 `` apparently so . '' 
 the line went silent for a moment , but i knew she was still on the other end of the call . 
 `` good luck with that . '' 
 `` goodbye , parker . '' 
 she did n't wait for a reply before hanging up . 
 not only did it annoy me , but it left me wondering if she was there with someone else , so soon after our breakup . 
 even though it was completely out of character , it still consumed my thoughts . 
 she obviously was n't planning on telling me , and it was apparent that she was n't alone . 
 if this was some stunt to make me jealous , she would have rubbed it in my face , but instead she had n't . 
 that could only mean that cameron was there on her own free will . 
 it was a definite kick to the gut . 
 for the rest of the morning i hung out at the frat house . 
 since moving there only a couple days ago , once the last guy finally moved his shit out , things had gotten easier . 
 i no longer had such strict curfews , unless it was football season . 
 my new room was n't in great shape . 
 the last person who used it had banged holes in the walls , and scratched the old hardwood floor up to shit . 
 i hung several posters , and even some pictures of cameron and myself . 
 i was pissed , although probably more jealous . 
 i finished up my game and headed in my room to rid my walls and tables of memories of us . 
 after ripping the first picture , i pulled another off the wall and flopped down on my mattress . 
 in the photo , her hair hung halfway down her back . 
 her smile was so full , and in the background was the lodge that we 'd stayed at . 
 the picture was taken in the poconos , just after a big snowstorm . 
 she 'd taken me there to ski , but we 'd spent half of the time in bed , warm and cozy in the nude . 
 she 'd been so nervous about being with me , but this particular trip had changed that . 
 it had n't been our first time together , while it was a turning point in our relationship . 
 it was where she learned to trust me ; a mistake that she probably now regretted . 
 the thought of her being there with someone else made my blood boil . 
 the ultimate payback would be to enjoy the company of another man where we 'd made memories together . 
 the longer i laid on my bed thinking about it , the more upset i became . 
 by three in the afternoon i was heading north . 
 hell or high water , i was finding her , and getting back what was mine all along . 
 i would n't let her move on without a fight , even if i had to tell her the awful truth about everything . 
 cameron why did he have to call me ? 
 it felt like every time i took one step forward , i was falling two steps behind . 
 as unfortunate as it was for my emotional state of mind , i knew it was important to make the best of my time away . 
 i turned and looked toward seth rodgers , a junior partner at my parent 's firm . 
 he 'd started his career with them as an intern , and finally made a name for himself within the company . 
 on several occasions he 'd made it very obvious that he 'd found me attractive . 
 i ignored his suggestions of having a relationship , until this very moment , when i desperately needed a distraction . 
 seth was n't a bad looking guy . 
 he had medium brown wavy hair that he wore longer on the top . 
 his eyes , a cocoa in color , were always calm , no matter what the circumstance he was dealt with . 
 i 'd gotten to know him at my home , during a crucial trial when i was just sixteen . 
 he and my parents were spending countless hours trying to go through boxes of files for a case . 
 seth stayed with us for two weeks , as we combed through phone logs , bank statements , and even emails . 
 my father thought it was good experience for me to learn the ins and outs of the business , so i worked alongside seth . 
 for me , it was easy to stay focused , even when seth made it hard to concentrate . 
 while my parents left the house to work on other business , we were left alone for hours . 
 obviously nothing major happened between us , albeit it was n't without effort on his part . 
 first came the staring . 
 then it was the countless advances . 
 one night , after i 'd turned seventeen , i 'd stopped by the office to meet my parents for dinner . 
 they were stuck in a preliminary hearing , so i decided to wait for them there . 
 seth walked out of his office , spotting me straight away . 
 he snickered to himself , held out his hand , and led me into his office . 
 i do n't know why i let him do it , or if i even wanted to , but he kissed me right there against his door . 
 his hands lingered , and for a few minutes i considered letting him do more . 
 since i was socially awkward , it was easy to push him away , and run out without an explanation . 
 after that night he 'd never tried to hit on me , until now . 
 as soon as we 'd arrived i spotted him at the bar . 
 he turned and cocked his head to the side , letting his eyes linger from my head to toes . 
 i could feel my cheeks blushing , realizing how uncomfortable it felt to be near my parents getting such inappropriate attention . 
 i immediately turned away , pretending that i 'd never noticed , all the while thinking about that heated kiss he 'd given me years ago , and how i was anxious to get my mind off of parker . 
 feeling like i was a strong enough woman now , i waited until we 'd checked in and gotten our separate rooms before heading down to the bar . 
 much to my dismay , seth was n't anywhere to be found . 
 i 'd declined dinner with my parents , on account of forging forward with my plan to get over parker . 
 by the time i ordered my first drink i was having doubts . 
 it was ridiculous for me to even contemplate hanging out with one man to rid myself of the pain i was in from another . 
 just as i was turning to head up to my room my phone started to ring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` cam , it 's me . 
 where are you ? 
 i went to your room and a note says you 're gone for the weekend . '' 
 my heart began to race just hearing his voice . 
 how dare he call and act like he cared , after hurting me so much . 
 i took a deep breath and stayed calm as i answered , just in case he wanted to make up . 
 `` i 'm in the poconos . 
 why ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` what are you there for ? '' 
 did he really have a right to ask ? 
 i thought he did n't care . 
 then i heard my named being called , and without turning around i knew who it was . 
 since parker continued to torture me , i said the first thing that came to mind . 
 `` i came here to forget about you , parker . '' 
 `` so that 's how it 's goin ' to be ? 
 you 're just goin ' to move on ? '' 
 he obviously heard seth talking to me . 
 i was going to let him think i was forging forward . 
 `` apparently so . '' 
 he did n't say anything , so i knew i 'd gotten under his skin . 
 `` good luck with that . '' 
 `` goodbye , parker . '' 
 my hands were shaking as i ended the call , and i could feel the burning in my eyes when i turned to address seth . 
 chapter 11 cameron `` seth , i thought i saw you earlier . '' 
 he put his hand on my shoulder and looked into my eyes while smiling back at me . 
 `` it 's been a long time , cameron . 
 you look amazing . '' 
 ten seconds , and i was already getting compliments . 
 `` thanks . 
 you too . '' 
 `` so where 's this boyfriend your dad keeps complaining about ? 
 i hear he 's a jock . '' 
 i did n't want to think about parker , or talk about him for that matter . 
 my face contorted as i replied the best way i could . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 i held my ground , determined to be strong . 
 after all , i was an independent woman with a great future ahead of me . 
 i 'd been raised to hold my head high , never letting anything bring me down . 
 `` wow . 
 when i first heard you had a boyfriend i wondered if it was because you wanted to get your father back for keeping you locked up for all those years . 
 looking at your face tells me that this guy meant something to you . 
 i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 first love is hard to get over ; i 'm not going to lie . '' 
 seth was seven years older than me . 
 he 'd had relationships with beautiful women . 
 `` i appreciate that . '' 
 he waved to the barmaid for another round . 
 i smiled and looked down at my hands , instantly becoming nervous , because he was insuring that i stuck around . 
 for someone that thought i wanted this , second thoughts were overwhelming me . 
 i stuck my finger in my mouth , and began to chew on the nail . 
 it was a bad habit that i only did when i was nervous . 
 seth waited until our drinks were served . 
 he slid mine closer to me and pulled my hand away from my face . 
 `` do i make you uneasy ? '' 
 i shook my head , even though he did make me feel on edge . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` i 'd never hurt you , cameron . 
 you know , i still think about that kiss . 
 you 're a hard woman to forget . '' 
 i wish parker felt that way . 
 just thinking about him made me angry . 
 i put on the best fake smile that i could conjure up . 
 `` you 're being too kind . 
 i recall that kiss as your desperate attempt to get me to date you behind my father 's back . '' 
 he took his hand and placed it over mine on the counter . 
 `` had i known that you were about to run off and date the first guy to come around , i would have tried harder . '' 
 we could sit here all night and argue about intentions , but the bottom line was that each second that passed was forcing me to rethink being around him at all . 
 `` seth , you 've known me for a long time , and you 've never been a bullshitter . 
 i knew you wanted me when i was still a teenager , but you respected my boundaries . 
 i appreciate your attraction , and so i 'm going to give it to you straight . 
 i came here to forget about my boyfriend , albeit i realize it 's not going to happen . 
 so i have a proposal for you . 
 you can walk away knowing that i 'm still not interested in being in a relationship with you , or you take me upstairs and help me temporarily forget how much pain i 'm in . 
 the choice is yours . '' 
 i gulped down the burning alcohol while i let seth make a choice . 
 this was going to be my last drink of the evening , whether we ended up in his room , or i was back in mine all alone . 
 seth took his beverage into his hand and downed it all at once . 
 he snickered as he sat it back down on the edge of the bar and turned to face me . 
 then he leaned in close to my ear . 
 `` i 'm going to make you forget all about him . '' 
 it was that very moment when i knew without a doubt i was going to go through with it . 
 desperation had led me to this point , and there was no turning back , when all i wanted to do was move forward . 
 `` what are you waiting for then ? 
 the way i see it , we 're just wasting time . '' 
 i could n't believe the words that were pouring out of my mouth . 
 this was so out of character for me , and my drinks had n't been stiff enough to cause me to be so blatant with my eagerness . 
 it was my pain that was fueling me , and my need to alleviate it in any way possible . 
 for my own sake , i waited until we were in the elevator to speak again , on account not being in total control over what i was about to do . 
 did i really want to be intimate with another man ? 
 could he actually make me forget everything about parker that i loved so much ? 
 was this man who knew me longer than parker able to help me cope with the pain of my first breakup ? 
 i was willing to find out . 
 i watched the numbers on the elevator climb , as the man behind me , whom i was about to sleep with remained silent . 
 i think he was giving me the opportunity to puss out . 
 little did he know that i was frantic to get over my boyfriend . 
 my despairing situation left me vulnerable , and that vulnerability left me accessible . 
 seth was right . 
 he 'd waited a long time to be given the go-ahead , and i knew he was going to give it his all , because he wanted nothing more than to nail the boss ' daughter . 
 whether it was some kind of attraction , or other motives all-together , my mind was only focused on my needs . 
 i honestly did n't care why seth wanted me . 
 by morning i 'd have my answer . 
 i 'd know whether sleeping with him had helped or made things worse . 
 like everything in life , it was worth the try . 
 parker `` what have i done ? 
 what have i done ? '' 
 i kept repeating it out loud as if i were going to get an answer . 
 i could n't believe this was happening . 
 i do n't know why , but i assumed in the back of my mind that we 'd eventually figure out a way to be together . 
 i never , in a million years , would have thought my innocent girlfriend was in the mountains with another man . 
 it made me wonder if she 'd had a secret friend in her life that i 'd never known about . 
 i wondered if cameron had her own set of secrets ; except that made no sense . 
 if she had she would have forgiven me for mine , instead of creating this trickle of events . 
 i was frantically trying to calm down enough to rationalize with what had happened . 
 i knew cameron , sometimes better than she knew herself . 
 her heart was broken , caused by my actions . 
 had i overheard and misunderstood ? 
 had she played me based off of my reaction ? 
 it was very possible indeed . 
 she 'd gotten her keen knack for manipulation from her lawyer parents , who always seemed to get what they desired . 
 if this was a ploy to win me back out of jealousy , she had me right where she wanted me . 
 she was an intelligent woman , who could quickly come up with a way to hurt me . 
 i deserved it for sure , but could n't fathom the idea of her actually going through with such a plan . 
 there was no way that my sweet girlfriend would stoop so low to sleep with another man for revenge , or maybe i did n't know her as well as i thought i had . 
 it was also possible that i 'd destroyed that innocent girl , and turned her into someone who would go to extremes to get my attention , or prove a point . 
 she had my full attention . 
 i was losing my shit over the phone call . 
 before i knew it , i was in my car on the way to the mountains . 
 i was going to track her down , and get her back , because this turn of events was only proving that i could n't live without her . 
 chapter 12 cameron i think from the moment my feet came off the elevator i was having anxiety . 
 my decision to sleep with seth was leaving a bad taste in my mouth already . 
 we walked until we reached the number to his room , and i watched as he stuck the key card into the slot . 
 the door opened and he turned to face me with knowledge of what was to transpire . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 i pushed him inside the room , holding his jacket sleeves for control . 
 `` you and i both know you want this , seth . 
 stop trying to change my mind . 
 i need to forget , and you said you could make it happen . '' 
 there was no reply needed as he picked me up and carried me further into the room , toward his bed . 
 we stared at each other for a few seconds before either of us made a move . 
 the moment only intensified when he leaned forward kissing me directly on the lips . 
 i started to pull away , but then was caught up in the process of actually feeling someone wanting to be with me again . 
 parker 's betrayal did n't just hurt me , it left me scarred . 
 he may not have cheated on me , but he 'd cheated on our future . 
 seth was here to make the hurt dissipate , and i was resolute to not fight him . 
 i wanted to get caught up in desire , not knowing what was to come , and where it would lead me . 
 for once i wanted to be spontaneous , willing to take risks to achieve a common release . 
 that 's exactly what happened . 
 in one quick swoop i was lying flat on my back . 
 he lingered over me looking down at my body while i was still clothed . 
 i did n't know whether to touch him or to just let him do all the work . 
 since parker was the only man i 've ever been with sexually this was all new to me . 
 i did n't know whether this man would want me to touch him or if he wanted to be in full control . 
 with my lack of experience , i probably seemed like a lost puppy . 
 while i laid flat on the bed , i watched as seth begin taking off his jacket . 
 he watched me when he loosened his tie and unfastened the buttons to his shirt , removing it next . 
 i sat up on my elbows , noticing the patch of hair on his chest . 
 it was something that parker did n't possess . 
 seth was a distinguished man . 
 he was successful , and knew what he wanted . 
 after biting down on my lip , focusing on what was to come next , i watched him walk across the room and bend over to access the mini-bar . 
 he pulled out a soda with two tiny bottles of liquor . 
 `` you look like you could use another drink , cameron . 
 are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 i stayed in the same position . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm a little nervous . '' 
 seth brought a glass over , stirring it with his fingertip . 
 when he pulled it out and handed me mine , he ran his finger over my mouth . 
 i must have seemed like a fool at first ; finally realizing that he wanted me to taste it . 
 i closed my eyes and sucked it in between my lips . 
 the rush of flavor was strong , reminding me that the glass i held was definitely potent enough to take the edge off . 
 i released his finger and downed my beverage , knowing he was watching my every move . 
 seth took the empty glass from me , finishing his off before placing them both on the dresser . 
 he then stood in front of me , unbuckling his belt . 
 `` take your clothes off , cameron . '' 
 right away i felt uncomfortable . 
 `` you want me to undress right now ? '' 
 `` i can do it for you , if that 's what you prefer . '' 
 he was n't being sympathetic , and i did n't know whether i should be flattered or feel threatened . 
 `` i prefer going slow , if that 's okay with you . '' 
 his shoulders relaxed and he spun around to sit down on the bed next to me . 
 `` we do n't have to do this . '' 
 `` i want to . '' 
 i reached for his arm , letting my fingertips glide over his hairy skin . 
 `` i 've only been with one person . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 sorry . 
 i 'm not used to taking things slow . 
 forgive me for being selfish . '' 
 he slid off the bed and kneeled between my legs . 
 i stayed on my elbows , fully aware of his new ambitions . 
 `` i ca n't stop shaking . '' 
 seth ran both hands up my legs until he reached my thighs . 
 `` you do n't have to be scared . 
 i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 i could n't stop thinking of parker , and our first time together . 
 he 'd told me the same thing , and although it had gotten uncomfortable , he 'd kept his promise . 
 `` i just want to go slow . '' 
 i felt like such an immature kid saying it out loud . 
 i did n't even want to imagine what was going through this man 's head . 
 he smiled and let his hands linger over the waist to my pants . 
 once he 'd coasted them off of my hips i knew there was no turning back . 
 the air hit my bare skin , letting me know how exposed i was becoming . 
 my lips parted the moment his fingers traipsed over the fabric of my panties . 
 `` i remember when you were sixteen , and we were working that case at your parent 's house . 
 i saw you one night , heading into the kitchen in just a nightgown . 
 i tried not to look , but you reached up and got something out of the cabinet , giving me a full view of your ass , in panties similar to these . 
 i wanted to walk right in there and take you from behind , even though i knew it was illegal . 
 you were so damn sexy . '' 
 i wiggled my legs a tiny bit , wondering if and when he was going to infringe his fingers underneath the fabric to my underwear . 
 admittedly , it was enticing hearing about him watching me years ago . 
 my ni ** les started to tingle , making me fully aware that he was turning me on with little effort . 
 in the midst of being overwhelmed with strange feelings , the alcohol made an appearance , heating up my stomach as it entered . 
 in a natural reaction , i yearned to be touched more ; to feel the physical contact of someone that desired me . 
 he grabbed my arms , tugging me to a sitting position on the bed . 
 since he was still kneeling , we sat face to face . 
 his dark eyes never left mine as he made his move in to kiss me again . 
 i savored the way his lips felt over mine , and how the stubble of his five-o'clock shadow tickled my skin . 
 our tongues brushed , then began mingling together at a constant pace . 
 he tasted of alcohol as i sucked on his bottom lip . 
 he tugged out of my grasp , looking at me with a surprised smirk . 
 `` that 's the cameron i want to see . 
 let yourself go . 
 give and you shall receive . '' 
 i snickered , imagining me doing things to him on my own , without being persuaded . 
 it was n't that i did n't want to . 
 in fact i did . 
 i wanted to be consumed in the moment , so much that i did n't dwell on any of my other problems . 
 seth lifted my shirt over my head , leaving me in only a bra and panties . 
 he licked his lips before tracing the lace on the edge of my bra . 
 i watched my chest moving as my breathing became rapid . 
 his eyes stayed fixed on my skin , and the way his touch gave me goose bumps . 
 a tiny moan escaped my lips when he tugged on the cup , releasing my nipple to be in view . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 excuse me while i just ... '' he sank down , sucking my hardened tip in between his teeth . 
 i watched them dragging over my sensitive skin . 
 while savoring the moment , i became fully aware of what was to come . 
 to my dismay , i began to panic , pushing this sexy man off of me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just need a minute . '' 
 that one minute turned into many more . 
 i ended up running into the bathroom , closing the door , and splashing cold water over my face . 
 what was i doing ? 
 a distinct knock came from the door , and i heard seth addressing me . 
 `` cameron , are you okay in there ? '' 
 i opened the door , seeing him standing there shirtless waiting for me . 
 this was my last chance to change my mind . 
 while fighting back the tears from both fear and anxiousness , i took two steps forward , breaking the distance between us . 
 my hands grasped his pants , while our lips connected together . 
 he picked me up with ease , carrying me back into the bedroom area . 
 instead of laying me back down on the bed , he sat me on the dresser , reaching around to unhook my bra . 
 i felt it loosening , and watched as he backed away to remove it . 
 now , instead of just a nipple , he was staring at everything i had . 
 instinctively , i tried to cover up with my hands . 
 he removed them , shaking his head while never taking his eyes off of them . 
 it made me uncomfortable seeing him so mesmerized by parts of my body , almost like they were some prize he 'd worked hard to acquire . 
 `` stop doing that . '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` gawking . '' 
 `` i prefer the word ogling . '' 
 i gave him a cynical gaze . 
 `` it 's the same thing . '' 
 all of the sudden his face became stern . 
 his brows furrowed , and he seemed conflicted . 
 `` i need to know you want this , because you 're confusing the shit out of me . 
 i do n't want to make love to you , and have you run to your father claiming i took advantage of you . '' 
 i slid off the dresser , tugging him to follow me to the opposite side of the room . 
 as our lips met , we both dropped down on the mattress . 
 i climbed on top of him , keeping my eyes closed so i did n't lose focus , because i was with a new partner . 
 `` indulge yourself in this , cameron . '' 
 i was certainly trying to . 
 i let my body slide down off the bed as i pulled his pants with me . 
 his bulge was apparent from beneath his boxer shorts , and i had to admit that i was eager to see the package that awaited me . 
 i licked my lips as my hands traveled back up to the elastic of his underwear . 
 i tugged them down , freeing his erection immediately . 
 hunger struck as i placed my eyes on his girth . 
 i kissed his thigh while aiming my stare on what was right in front of me , begging for attention . 
 my knees weakened when i tried to stand up to climb on the bed . 
 i was aware of my body shaking , but chose to ignore it and progress with the task at hand , literally . 
 it was apparent that he expected me to please him orally , except i was n't ready to open myself up to such an emotional connection . 
 to me that was something special . 
 i knew it was part of intimacy , albeit i could n't allow everything i 'd shared with parker to become less memorable . 
 i needed some things to stay precious . 
 he was obviously the first man i 'd done that to , and i was determined that the next man would be my husband . 
 seth did n't seem to mind when i found his lips again . 
 he flipped us around , only because he wanted to remove my panties . 
 just as i was fully exposed , completely naked , there was a knock on the door . 
 `` cameron , i know you 're in there . '' 
 i jumped off the bed , grabbing my shirt to cover my body . 
 it could n't be him . 
 parker could n't be here . 
 seth seemed irritated as he looked to me for a response . 
 i shook my head , hopelessly thinking of what i wanted to do . 
 i had two obvious choices . 
 i could get dressed and spend the rest of the night crying to parker so he did n't think i was some tramp , who 'd rebounded immediately after our breakup . 
 i could ignore the door and give into temptation , because i deserved to be happy . 
 seth did n't lie to me . 
 he 'd wanted me for years , and i 'd spent too long living in a bubble . 
 `` oh my god . 
 that 's my boyfriend . 
 how did he know i was here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'm about to find out . '' 
 unfortunately , seth took matters into his own hands , without running it by me first . 
 he wrapped himself in a towel and headed for the door . 
 i sat on the bed , staring at the ground while listening . 
 `` can i help you , kid ? '' 
 `` whatever , man . 
 i 'm looking for cameron . '' 
 `` what makes you think i know this cameron ? '' 
 `` well , for starters , the purse i bought her last year for our anniversary was sitting out here in the hallway . 
 is she in there ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she 's not in here . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm getting back to my shower . '' 
 i heard the door close and saw seth walking back in my direction . 
 the tears were already streaming out from my eyes . 
 when i looked up at seth he was smiling . 
 `` i should have known it was too good to be true . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` get dressed , cameron . 
 i 'm not in the mood to deal with all this drama . 
 maybe in a couple years , after you 've grown out of this part of your life , we 'll try again . '' 
 he walked into the bathroom , leaving me there all alone . 
 i cried while redressing , trying to come to grips with what could have happened , and what i was now left to deal with . 
 parker had come to the resort to talk to me , and now i had to explain exactly what i was doing ; not because i owed it to him , but because i could n't live with myself if i did n't . 
 chapter 13 parker i 'd driven all that way not knowing how i was going to find her . 
 the barmaid was n't very forthcoming , until i told her it as an emergency . 
 she hesitated before pulling the receipt for cameron 's tab , which she always charged to her room number . 
 i beat on her door , begging for her to acknowledge me , only to be let down when she never answered . 
 it was n't until i was leaving that i saw her purse leaning up against the wall at the opposite end of the hallway . 
 after looking inside i saw her phone and identification . 
 it was just dumb luck that there was a door right next to it . 
 the guy was a total douche , who made it clear that he had n't seen her . 
 the thing was , i could have sworn that i 'd seen him around before . 
 since cameron 's parents took this trip every year , i wondered if he was part of their firm , and perhaps i 'd met him at one of their parties that i 'd attended with her . 
 still , it did n't mean that she 'd be in his room . 
 since i was determined to talk to her , i went and camped outside her door , hoping she 'd eventually show up . 
 nothing could have prepared me for the feeling that i got when i looked down that hallway and saw her coming out of the same room i 'd knocked on . 
 her head was down , and it was obvious that she was upset . 
 she looked up and spotted me stopping immediately . 
 i could see the fear in her eyes , as my stomach knotted up . 
 she 'd been in that room . 
 with him . 
 with her head hung down low , she approached me , sighing as we became face to face . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i shook my head and snickered . 
 `` i thought i was comin ' to catch you in a lie , but apparently you were tellin ' the damn truth . '' 
 i could n't believe that my innocent girlfriend had just been in another room with a naked guy . 
 from the look of her hair , i 'd say they were doing a lot more than talking about the weather . 
 `` i ca n't even look at you . '' 
 i peered down the end of the hallway , expecting the guy to come out at any minute . 
 `` how long 's this been goin ' on ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` come on , cam . 
 do i look like an idiot to you ? 
 i just got in my car and drove hours to prove to myself that you were n't movin ' on . 
 then i get here and it 's obvious that you 're doin ' just that . 
 what i ca n't understand is how it 's so easy for you , because it 's tearin ' me apart inside . '' 
 i slid down to the floor , burying my head against my hands . 
 i 'd never experienced this kind of betrayal . 
 the pain besieged me , enough to where i could n't even talk about it . 
 we both heard a door shutting and turned in that direction . 
 thankfully it was n't her friend . 
 cameron turned and inserted her keycard into the slot . 
 she held the door open . 
 `` come inside , parker . 
 i do n't want everyone eavesdropping on our business . '' 
 as reluctant as i was , i stepped inside the confines of her room . 
 she kicked off her shoes and lifted her shirt over her head . 
 `` just let me take a shower , and we 'll talk . '' 
 that stunned me . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 do you have to wash off the proof ? 
 what 's wrong , cam ? 
 do you smell like him ? '' 
 she became offended . 
 `` screw you . 
 i came here with my parents and other partners in the firm . 
 what i do is my business , since you 're the one who clearly ended our relationship . 
 do n't you dare come in here making assumptions that are n't true . '' 
 she headed into the bathroom and turned on the shower . 
 i could hear her sobbing , and even though i wanted to , i could n't feel bad for what i 'd said . 
 she was ripping my heart out . 
 fighting back my own tears was becoming impossible . 
 i looked up into the mirror and saw myself for the first time in days . 
 my eyes had huge dark circles around them , and they were bloodshot . 
 my hair was just as disheveled as cameron 's . 
 i could hear her in the bathroom , but it did n't sound like she 'd gotten into the shower yet . 
 i walked in there and found her leaning over the sink . 
 she was bawling with snot running down over her lips . 
 we looked at each other for a brief moment before i pulled her against my chest . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , parker . 
 i just wanted the pain to go away . 
 i thought it would help me forget about you . '' 
 i squinted , fighting with the inevitable . 
 warm liquid fell from my eyes as i became aware that i 'd done all of this . 
 it was n't bad enough that i 'd destroyed my relationship with my family , but now i 'd ruined cameron too . 
 it was too much to handle . 
 for the longest time we stood there holding each other as steam filled the small bathroom . 
 finally cameron pulled away and finished undressing . 
 she turned to me before climbing into the shower . 
 it was difficult for me to understand how i wanted to be with her , even after she 'd just been with someone else . 
 it was as if i desperately needed to know she still wanted me . 
 out of that hopelessness , i began removing my own clothes . 
 beyond that curtain was my reason for existing . 
 i pulled the plastic , waiting for a response from her . 
 it was pleasing to see her motioning me to step inside . 
 the hot water beat down on my back as i made that move . 
 cameron had her arms crossed over her chest . 
 i did n't wait for her to adjust before drawing her into my hold . 
 her head once again rested perfectly against my body as i kissed her softly on top of the head . 
 `` did it help ? '' 
 as much as it hurt me to ask , i needed to know . 
 `` i do n't even want to discuss it . 
 please , can we just be here together ? '' 
 it would have been nice if i was able to do anything but think about another man 's hands on my girlfriend . 
 i thought about the way he 'd touched her , and how she 'd responded to him . 
 i imagined her lips on his , getting a bad taste in my mouth like i was going to hurl . 
 then i went straight to seeing her naked in bed with him . 
 i cringed and let go of her , looking away from the distaste of it . 
 `` how could you do it ? 
 how were you able to walk in that room with him ? 
 who is he , cam ? 
 i 've seen that guy before . 
 he works for your dad does n't he ? '' 
 she nodded , but cried harder , scrunching up her face and concealing it with both hands . 
 `` yes . 
 he works for my dad . 
 i 've known him for years . '' 
 `` so , is this the first time this has happened , or did you lie about me bein ' your first ? '' 
 since she 'd bled after our first time i knew i was overstepping . 
 from the immediate pain in her eyes i could tell i 'd hit a nerve . 
 `` how dare you say that to me . 
 you know you were my first , parker . 
 i 'd never lie about that . '' 
 `` but you 'd lie about other things ? 
 he was in a f ** kin ' towel , and the guy was n't wet . 
 it does n't take a genius to figure out that he was n't in the f ** kin ' shower . '' 
 `` he was getting in . 
 i swear . '' 
 that just made it worse . 
 `` oh really ? 
 were you plannin ' on joinin ' him ? '' 
 she shoved me alongside the tile wall . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 you have no right to come in here insinuating what i 've been doing with my time . 
 you broke up with me , remember ? 
 i can see who i want . '' 
 `` oh , and i guess you can f ** k who you want now too ? '' 
 i wanted to hear her say it . 
 i needed to know if that was how she felt . 
 our emotions were heightened , and this was the worst time to discuss something so important . 
 `` just get out . 
 leave me alone . 
 you ca n't come here and control me . 
 your opinion does n't matter anymore . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 you 've torn my heart out , parker . 
 you took our love and you threw it away . 
 do you have any idea how much it hurts ? '' 
 i shook my head , annoyed that she 'd assume it was easy for me . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 i feel like i 'm dyin ' . '' 
 `` then why did you do it ? 
 why could n't you trust me ? 
 what the hell are you afraid of ? '' 
 there it was ; the reason this conversation had to end . 
 `` just forget it . '' 
 i climbed out of the shower , grabbed a towel , and walked out of the bathroom to get dressed . 
 she 'd never be able to understand what i was going through , because i 'd never be able to tell her . 
 i was a coward , afraid to face the truth , and determined to keep her away from it , even if it cost me our future . 
 while pulling my pants back on , i heard her slipping down to the floor in the shower , and sobbing so loud that i knew the people in the next room could hear . 
 as much as it broke my heart i could n't stay . 
 she needed some kind of closure , and if finding it in the arms of someone else was the answer , i had to let her . 
 she was right . 
 i 'd ended our relationship . 
 i had no right to ask questions , or to judge . 
 the person that cameron was becoming was a direct reflection of what i 'd done to her . 
 her actions were desperate , and probably well-thought . 
 she wanted to forget about me , because it was her only way of coping . 
 i could n't blame her . 
 if there were some way for me to forget how much i loved her i 'd have done it by now . 
 nevertheless , i had a little more experience than cameron , so i knew it was n't the solution . 
 all i could hope was that time would heal our wounds . 
 her cries continued , becoming even more unhinged than before . 
 if her parents were in the next room they 'd lose their shit . 
 since they already hated my guts , it was best if i did n't give them anymore reasons . 
 i finished putting on my shoes and peeked into the bathroom . 
 `` i 'm sorry i upset you , cam . 
 i 'm just goin ' to head back to school . 
 i 'll do my best to keep my distance . 
 for what it 's worth , i love you . 
 that 's never goin ' to change . 
 i 'm not even goin ' to bother lookin ' for someone else ; because i know they 'll never be you . '' 
 i closed the door and rested my head on it for a second . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was walk in public with tears streaming down my face . 
 it was bad enough that i 'd turned into such a pu ** y. i did n't need the whole world knowing it . 
 chapter 14 cameron it was killing me knowing that he 'd caught me red-handed in such a compromising position . 
 i could n't bring myself to talk about it after feeling so ashamed . 
 i never should have even gone along with that idiotic plan of mine . 
 now i 'd messed things up more . 
 parker was never going to forgive me . 
 he 'd never want me back . 
 when i heard the door closing i knew he 'd really left . 
 panic struck me , and i rushed toward it , frantically hoping that i could make him stay . 
 i managed to grab a towel before trudging out into the hallway completely naked . 
 parker turned around when he heard me calling his name . 
 a couple things transpired all at once . 
 parker had tears running down his face . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 seth came out of his room , curious to know who was yelling . 
 my father came out of his room across the hall . 
 i pulled the towel over all of my appendages , trying my best to ignore all of their stares , and focus on parker . 
 `` please just come back inside . '' 
 he looked at my father , and then to me . 
 with his head down to the ground , he walked past me , entering the room . 
 before i could join him , and get over my newest catastrophe , i felt my dad grabbing my arm . 
 `` cameron , what 's he doing here ? 
 why are you standing in the hall this inappropriate ? 
 you know better , young lady . '' 
 i had to think of something , so that parker was n't asked to leave . 
 for a second i turned my attention down the hall , where seth was still standing . 
 loud enough so they would both hear i addressed his question . 
 `` i invited him . 
 sorry for the interruption . 
 i 'll just go inside now . '' 
 `` cameron , get back here . '' 
 i could see the anger in my father 's eyes , and knew i would n't hear the end of it in the morning , but it did n't stop me from walking away . 
 for the time being , i had to convince parker to talk to me . 
 he had to know that i was sorry for my actions . 
 once inside my room , i found him sitting on the bed . 
 his hands were up to his face , but i already knew he was upset . 
 i walked up to him , wrapping my arms around his neck . 
 he did n't look up , or push me away , which was a good sign . 
 at least he was letting me touch him . 
 after a few seconds i felt his hands over my waist , making their way behind my back . 
 he pulled me closer , holding me as he sniffled . 
 it was obvious that he was heartbroken , and the shock of seeing him that way was devastating to me . 
 it was n't just the fact that we 'd broken up , it was the idea that i 'd been with another man . 
 my actions triggered these most recent complications to our already severed relationship . 
 it killed me seeing him react this way , knowing he 'd come so far to prove my intentions were false . 
 i hated myself for bringing seth into my problems , especially now when i knew the repercussions . 
 `` parker , i need to tell you something . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hear it , cam . 
 i ca n't take it . 
 picturing you with someone else is makin ' me sick . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to leave . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 i did n't care if i 'd made out with another man , or come so close to sleeping with him . 
 i wanted to be with parker . 
 `` please do n't go . '' 
 he pushed me to the side and wiped his face with his arm . 
 seeing him in such a vulnerable state was still getting to me . 
 i began to break down uncontrollably . 
 before i could even listen to his response i was falling onto the bed beside him , losing restrain over myself . 
 parker did n't tend to me like he normally would have . 
 we were side by side , me lying down , and him sitting up . 
 he 'd seemed to calm down , while i was steady sobbing . 
 then he reached out and touched my hand with his . 
 `` i do n't want to leave either , babe . 
 it 's killing me to be here , but i do n't want to walk out that door , because i 'm afraid it will be the end of whatever we still have left . '' 
 i sat up and looked at him , even though it was difficult . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he took his hand and rubbed the back of it over my cheek . 
 i closed my eyes , appreciating his touch more than he could ever know . 
 `` do you like him ? '' 
 like was such a juvenile word . 
 `` he 's a nice man . '' 
 `` that 's not what i was askin ' you . 
 are you interested in that guy , cam ? '' 
 `` what does it even matter ? 
 just because you 're jealous does n't mean it 's going to change what 's happened . '' 
 `` yes or no . '' 
 he still would n't let it go . 
 `` i ca n't like anyone when i 'm still in love with you . 
 are you happy now ? 
 is that what you wanted ; to break me down and make me feel like shit ? '' 
 he sighed and turned to look away from me . 
 `` did you f ** k him ? '' 
 his choice of words were n't what i would have selected . 
 `` do you think i did ? '' 
 my lips were trembling even before he answered . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i wanted to . '' 
 i was n't going to lie . 
 `` i wanted to be with someone who did n't push me away . '' 
 `` good for you . '' 
 he stood up and walked toward the window . 
 in one swift move he shoved everything off the dresser , sending things flying all over the carpet . 
 `` this is just f ** kin ' great ! '' 
 i 'd seen parker lose his temper , but never been the real cause of it . 
 `` i did n't go through with it , '' i whispered . 
 he turned slowly , his eyes full of anger . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i did n't sleep with seth . 
 i could have , but i did n't . '' 
 his shoulders relaxed , and i watched as he slowly calmed down . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` you know why . '' 
 it was okay that he wanted a reason , but i was sure he already knew what it was . 
 parker closed the distance between us , coming to stand directly in front of me . 
 he lifted my chin and repeated the question . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i never flinched when i responded . 
 `` because you showed up , and i felt like i was betraying you . 
 because you 're the only man i want to be with . '' 
 he pulled me close , wrapping his arms around me again . 
 i began to cry again , losing it for the umpteenth time . 
 he had to know how much all of this was hurting me . 
 i , at least , hoped that he did . 
 `` i ca n't be without you , cam . 
 i ca n't do it . '' 
 he held both sides of my face and looked into my eyes once more . 
 `` we 've got to find a way to make this work . '' 
 just hearing him offer that brought more feelings to the table . 
 i became overawed with hope . 
 `` i 'll do anything . '' 
 he took two steps back , releasing his hands from my face . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 just tell me what you want . '' 
 `` cam , i need you to forget about the shit with my family . 
 you 've got to let it go , and never bring it up again . 
 i get that it 's askin ' you a lot , but it 's got nothin ' to do with you and me . 
 i made a promise to certain people , and i wo n't go back on it . 
 i 'm sorry , but it 's got to be this way . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he seemed shocked that i was so aggressive with my answer . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm positive . 
 i wo n't ever ask you about it again . 
 i wo n't meddle in your family drama . 
 parker , i 'll do anything . 
 i 'm serious . 
 these days without you have been torture . 
 i miss you so much . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 when i offered mine , he pulled me close . 
 our lips brushed . 
 `` i wo n't ask about you and that guy anymore . 
 we both need to leave the past alone and move forward . 
 you 're all i need in my life . 
 all the rest of the shit is irrelevant . '' 
 after being so confused i finally had parker back in my life . 
 it was going to be difficult , but i was determined to get over whatever he was keeping from telling me . 
 no matter what it was , i did believe that it had nothing to do with our relationship . 
 maybe one day he 'd want to let me in , but for the meantime , i had to respect his wishes . 
 i never did get dressed . 
 instead i climbed in bed next to parker and let him hold me . 
 it was surprising that he did n't want to be intimate . 
 i think in the back of his mind he was still disgusted over me messing around with someone else . 
 it felt like i 'd cheated , even though i knew it was n't the case . 
 it did n't matter anyway . 
 being with seth did n't keep my thoughts of parker away . 
 they 'd only made me feel worse inside . 
 it was nice to be back in my lover 's arms , having him hold me tight . 
 every once in a while we 'd kiss , and i 'd feel so overcome with joy . 
 our time apart had only proven that our love was real . 
 the intense feelings that i shared with parker had brought us back together . 
 i was fully aware of the saying ` sometimes love is n't enough ' . 
 we did n't just have love though . 
 we had friendship , and trust . 
 i knew he had secrets , but in my heart i understood why . 
 he 'd never hurt me , and i needed to make sure i never hurt him . 
 parker fell asleep shortly after we 'd climbed into bed . 
 as exhausted as i was , i stayed up for a while longer staring at him . 
 i did n't mean to gawk like a teenager , but it 's exactly what i was doing . 
 i 'd gone from falling apart to being utterly ecstatic . 
 those kinds of mood swings were n't something i was privy to . 
 i was going to need to apologize to seth for my actions . 
 i had no idea what i 'd say to him , or even if it mattered . 
 he 'd probably lost any desire to befriend me anyway . 
 not only had i rejected him , but i 'd probably humiliated him as well . 
 i was so glad that we had n't had sex , because i knew i would have never been able to forgive myself . 
 once i 'd finally settled down , i closed my eyes and found peace . 
 tomorrow was another day , but at least i knew i would n't be doing it alone . 
 i had parker back , and although things were far from perfect , i was going to take what i could get . 
 chapter 15 parker nothing was really solved . 
 i still had a huge secret that i was keeping from cameron , and she 'd messed around with a guy , which rubbed me the wrong way . 
 the damage was done , but i could n't let her go . 
 there was no way that i was going to let her slip away from me , not after feeling what it was like to be without her . 
 i woke that morning next to my naked girlfriend . 
 she was nestled up close , her arm flung over my chest . 
 i climbed out of bed to relieve myself , and returned , hoping that i had n't woken her . 
 in just those few seconds i found her sitting up looking around the room . 
 she messed with her hair , trying her hardest to settle down the mess from sleeping . 
 `` hi . '' 
 it was easy to get back into the warm bed since she was in it . 
 i pulled off my shirt before letting her climb on top of me . 
 `` my dad 's going to freak out on me . 
 we should probably leave before he gets up . '' 
 i did n't see the problem with me being there . 
 i 'd come on this trip with her for two years . 
 the first time was the worst , since we were n't allowed to sleep in the same room . 
 we still managed to sneak anyway , but it was n't the point . 
 she was over eighteen and still being treated like an adolescent . 
 in many ways i hated it , but knew i could n't complain . 
 i had my girlfriend back , and we 'd owed no one any explanations , because nobody else mattered when it came to us being together . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of your dad , babe . '' 
 `` can we just go before it causes a scene . 
 he obviously knows something happened last night . 
 i 'd rather get out of here , and avoid seeing him altogether . '' 
 i was n't going to fight with her since i could n't stand the guy . 
 my beef with him stemmed from the way he 'd brought his daughter up . 
 they sent her away , never showing her the kind of love that every child needs . 
 cameron was the smartest person i 'd ever met , but she had no social skills . 
 she did n't even have street smarts . 
 it was unfortunate , because she 'd need them when she got that law degree . 
 we packed up her things and headed out without being spotted . 
 cameron was going to have to face him at some point , and i honestly did n't want to be in the room when he addressed his concerns . 
 there had been too many times where i wished i could punch him in the face for being a douche . 
 it felt nice having her beside me as i drove back to campus , and even better when we headed back to my room together . 
 cameron stayed in the dorm , but i 'd since converted to live at the frat house . 
 i had my own room . 
 it was n't anything to write home about , but it was private , and she could finally stay the night . 
 since it was so new to us to be able to sleep in the same bed without really sneaking around , i planned on taking full advantage of it . 
 i 'd been reluctant at first to bring her around . 
 i think i wanted to know it was okay , before pissing people off . 
 after seeing several of my frat brothers having guests overnight , i was certain that it was acceptable . 
 it also made cameron feel better about my current living conditions . 
 she was n't too keen on me being around so many women , and the ladies seemed to love hanging out every night . 
 of course , i was n't interested . 
 i already had the hottest chick for myself . 
 her phone started ringing off the hook as soon as we climbed into bed . 
 each call was from the same number , and i watched her cringe every time she checked . 
 `` just turn it off , cam . 
 he 's not going to stop callin ' until you answer . '' 
 `` if i do n't answer he 'll come looking for me . '' 
 `` so what if he does ? 
 you 're an adult , and it 's time he learns to deal with it . '' 
 i was tired of watching her living under his rules . 
 `` look , if we 're goin ' to be together than i do n't want him breathin ' down our backs . 
 he needs to be engrossed in something else besides you . '' 
 finally i watched her turn off the phone . 
 she giggled and snuggled up next to me . 
 `` fine . 
 you win . 
 next he 'll probably start calling you . '' 
 `` my phone 's been off since we left the lodge . 
 it 's not like anyone would be callin ' me anyway . 
 the only person i need to hear from is you . '' 
 that would have been the truth on any day , except on this particular one . 
 not even an hour later someone knocked on my door . 
 he had the fraternity landline in his hand . 
 `` dude , your mom is on the phone . 
 she said she 's been trying to reach you . 
 your sister is in labor . '' 
 oh shit ! 
 i jumped out of bed and rushed for the phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` parker , it 's me , mom . 
 your sister went to the hospital a couple hours ago . 
 her contractions are four minutes apart . 
 i know she wanted you to be there for the birth . 
 we 're all on our way now . '' 
 `` crap . 
 i 'm comin ' . 
 i 'll be there in a couple hours . 
 i do n't suppose you can tell her to cork it up until i get there ? '' 
 `` just be careful on the road , parker . 
 i 'm sure she wo n't care what time you arrive . '' 
 cameron sat up in my bed , finally realizing what was going on . 
 i watched her jump up and start gathering her clothes . 
 we were n't naked , but we certainly were n't decent enough to go out in public . 
 `` we 'll see you soon , mom . '' 
 i hung up the phone and handed it back to my frat buddy . 
 `` thanks , man . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 `` it 's all good , dude . '' 
 he walked back down the steps , as i turned to put a shirt on . 
 one hit me in the face . 
 `` here . 
 put this one on , '' cameron ordered . 
 we raced down the road , ignoring my mother 's orders to take my time . 
 i wanted to be there for my sister . 
 it was a promise that i intended on keeping . 
 to be perfectly honest , i barely remember the drive . 
 cameron fell asleep almost immediately . 
 she 'd always been able to sleep in a car , where i 'd never mastered the technique . 
 anyway , my mind was so focused on peyton , almost like she was thinking about me , and i could feel it . 
 i know that sounds ridiculous , but we 'd always shared a special kind of connection . 
 it 's the main reason why i knew i had to be there for her . 
 when i pulled up at the hospital i spotted my parent 's truck , shayne 's vehicle , and even jamey 's suv . 
 more family was probably there , not that i was worried about seeing anyone else . 
 cameron looked at me as i put the car into park . 
 `` i 've never seen a newborn before . 
 it 's so exciting . '' 
 i had to admire her innocence , and the fact that we were back together . 
 when i got a chance i 'd explain what went down to shayne , just so he would n't get worried . 
 `` i 'm not a baby expert either , babe . 
 i think the most important thing is that we 're there for peyton . '' 
 she reached over and grabbed my hand . 
 `` thanks for bringing me along . 
 it means a lot to me . '' 
 i let out an air-filled laugh . 
 `` cam , get used to it . 
 i 'm not lettin ' you go again . '' 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i reckon it is . '' 
 it took us a while to figure out where the maternity ward was , and even longer to find a nurse to tell us what room my sister was in . 
 apparently it was a full moon , and every pregnant woman in the county was in labor . 
 okay maybe it was n't every pregnant woman in town , but it certainly was a whole lot of them . 
 doctors were running through the hallways from room to room . 
 i was surprised when we were welcomed into the delivery room . 
 my family was packed in like sardines , including jamey and his mother . 
 he nodded as we came into the room , right before i noticed my brother . 
 he walked over and put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` she 's been askin ' about you . '' 
 i headed in the direction of my sister , who seemed to be fine at that moment . 
 `` hey , you . 
 i guess i made it . '' 
 peyton tried to smile , but i could tell she was uncomfortable . 
 `` yeah , this little one 's givin ' me a fight . '' 
 her smile was fake but i could tell she was excited . 
 `` i guess when you start pushin ' they 'll kick us all out of here . '' 
 `` hell no ! 
 you 're all stayin ' . 
 you do n't have to watch my crotch , but i want you here , parker . 
 i want everyone to share this with me . '' 
 `` you 're crazy . 
 i 'm not watchin ' that thing come out of you . '' 
 i was more afraid than grossed out . 
 babies scared the crap out of me . 
 `` besides , i brought cameron with me . '' 
 peyton turned her attention to my girlfriend . 
 `` do you want to leave , cam ? '' 
 `` i can stay . 
 childbirth has always intrigued me . '' 
 of course my girlfriend would say something like that . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you want to be in the room ? '' 
 shayne and jamey were in the corner talking , i gave them a desperate look , hoping they 'd have my back , but i was n't even on their radar . 
 i think my brother was trying to prepare jamey for what was to come . 
 when my sister started to complain , i knew i had to step away . 
 the idea of it all was turning my stomach . 
 chaos broke out as soon as the doctor came in the room and looked between my sister 's legs . 
 i stayed up toward her head , hoping and praying that i would n't see anything too graphic . 
 i 'd seen guys break their legs in half , whose bones came out of their skin , and it did n't bother me as much as seeing my sister give birth . 
 there was just something so horrifying about the whole ordeal . 
 cameron hung out with my mother , coaxing peyton as she began to push . 
 jamey walked over and held her hand , while me , shayne and my father stood on the opposite side of the room . 
 jamey 's mother was behind the doctor , watching it all happen . 
 i kept looking from peyton to cameron , watching how both reacted to what was happening . 
 my sister screamed , even though i 'd been told she had an epidural . 
 with all of the people in the room , i seemed to be the only one totally freaking out . 
 then came the blood . 
 i saw it on the doctor 's gloves . 
 apparently when my sister would push , the head would come out , and then go back in again . 
 i could n't even watch peyton as she struggled to birth her child . 
 finally a slippery baby was being held up . 
 `` congratulations , it 's a girl . '' 
 the nurses took the baby and started cleaning her up . 
 i thought the worst was over . 
 just as i started to walk toward the door to use the bathroom i saw something coming out of my sister . 
 it was like she had another baby in there . 
 i covered my mouth and went running for the toilet . 
 while the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition , i struggled with keeping the last thing i ate down . 
 even though i felt horrible about it , i could n't imagine going back out there and seeing anything else . 
 shayne came into the bathroom , closing the door behind him . 
 `` i got lightheaded when the twins were born . 
 it 's nothin ' you can prepare yourself for . '' 
 `` you could have warned me . 
 what the f ** k was that shit at the end ? 
 is it normal ? 
 is somethin' wrong with her ? '' 
 he laughed at me . 
 `` it 's the afterbirth , brother . 
 it 's normal . 
 peyton is goin ' to be fine . 
 she did great . 
 her daughter is adorable . '' 
 i splashed some water on my face . 
 `` yeah , i need to congratulate her . '' 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll go with you . '' 
 i followed my brother into the room of people and found my sister holding her newborn daughter . 
 she was cleaned off , and wrapped in one of those receiving blankets . 
 i only knew what they were called because she 'd gotten a ton of them at her shower . 
 once my brother took his turn holding her , everyone turned to me . 
 before i could refuse the offer , the little child was being put into my arms . 
 all eyes were on me , including my parents . 
 i knew what they were thinking , and i could n't help but feel guilt as i looked down at my little niece . 
 her fingers were so tiny , and she was already alert , with her eyes open . 
 it took my breath away , and it was in that moment when i finally realized just how precious this was . 
 it was also in that moment where i knew i needed reprieve from all of the emotions that were consuming my thoughts . 
 i had to hold it together , because my choice had already been made . 
 i could n't go back in time and change my mind . 
 what was done was done . 
 `` is n't she perfect ? '' 
 peyton asked . 
 `` yeah , sis . 
 you did real good . 
 she 's as cute as a button . '' 
 `` are you okay , parker ? 
 really , is this too much ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm here because i want to be . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 this day is all about you and this little girl . '' 
 `` her name is lyla , lyla billings , '' she corrected . 
 i watched her turn to jamey , giving him an innocent smile . 
 they now had a daughter together ; something that would bond them for life . 
 it was just another reminder of how i 'd f ** ked up in life . 
 just as i turned to hand her back to my sister , i heard cameron . 
 `` do you mind if i have a turn ? '' 
 nothing could have prepared me for the way it made me feel to watch her hold that baby . 
 chapter 16 cameron the baby in my arms was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen . 
 i could n't take my eyes off of her , and it made me sad that i had to give her over to her daddy , who 'd only got to hold her for a second before everyone started passing her around . 
 i was n't certain , but i got this vibe from parker that something was wrong . 
 it was as if he could n't wait to get out of that hospital room . 
 once we 'd said our goodbyes , and agreed to stay at peyton 's house for the night , we headed out . 
 parker never said a word until we reached the car . 
 `` that was intense . '' 
 `` it was amazing . 
 i 've never witnessed something so beautiful before . '' 
 `` cam , it was disgustin ' . 
 all that blood ; the pain she was in , it was all just too much . 
 i ca n't stand to see my sister like that . '' 
 he was cute when he was freaked out . 
 `` the baby is perfect , and your sister is over the moon with excitement . 
 i hope you know that . '' 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 sorry , i 'm not trying to upset anyone . 
 i guess i 'm not good with hospitals . 
 there were so many people in the room , and i did n't feel comfortable seein ' peyton like that . '' 
 `` so you do think the baby 's cute ? '' 
 i wanted to hear him admit it . 
 `` yeah , she 's adorable . 
 my sister did good . 
 jamey seems like he 's excited . 
 i admire him for steppin ' up and takin ' care of peyton . 
 for a while there i did n't think he had it in him . '' 
 `` he loves your sister . 
 anyone can see that . 
 now they 're a family . 
 it 's sweet . 
 i hope one day we can have that . '' 
 i felt uncomfortable talking about the future when we 'd just gotten back together . 
 i suppose it was my way of questioning parker without him being aware of it . 
 `` we will . 
 we 've just got a lot to go through before we think about startin ' a family . 
 if i 'm signed i 'll be travelin ' all the time . 
 you 've got years of school left . 
 we 'll just have to be patient . 
 it would be nice if we could break the cycle and get married first . 
 my brother and sister did it all backwards . 
 maybe my parents would respect me for stayin ' focused . '' 
 i hated hearing how long i had to wait to start a family , especially considering the excitement i 'd felt when i held that baby in my arms . 
 `` you seem like you have our lives all planned out . 
 i do n't know whether to feel overwhelmed or relieved . '' 
 he started pulling out of the hospital parking lot . 
 the roads were empty since it was late at night , and even though i 'd taken a nap , i still felt exhausted . 
 parker reached over , taking my hand into his . 
 `` i 'm awfully glad we 're goin ' to be together . 
 for what it 's worth , i 'm sorry for pushin ' you away , babe . 
 i 've been dealin ' with some personal shit , and i never should have taken it out on you . 
 you are n't the problem . '' 
 i knew i was n't allowed to ask what was . 
 i 'd promised him that i would n't pry . 
 as much as it killed me not knowing , our being together was more important . 
 many would n't understand how i could even consider trusting him again , but for some reason i was still hopelessly devoted to him . 
 if he said that we were going to be okay , i believed him , because it 's all i wanted . 
 waking up next to parker always made my mornings , especially when i knew we did n't have to get up and get ready for class . 
 while parker slept soundly next to me , i made my way into the newly decorated nursery . 
 it was a shame that the guest room had been converted since our last visit . 
 we 'd always had a place to crash when we came . 
 even though they had a sleeper sofa , it was n't exactly private since it was in the living room . 
 i glided my hands over the wooden crib , while looking inside to see all the cute stuffed animals . 
 the baby was going to sleep in a bassinet in peyton and jamey 's room for the first couple of months , so the crib was basically not going to be used . 
 i admired that they 'd gone to such trouble getting it all set up . 
 it only showed how excited they both were to become parents . 
 while standing there i felt something that i could n't explain . 
 it was stability . 
 i wanted to feel confident in my relationship with parker . 
 just because we 'd made up did n't mean all was right with us . 
 i think the excitement of him coming to the poconos blinded me from being able to accept that we had problems . 
 at some point i was going to have to address them , but now , after everything , i feared that even something as small as that would make me lose parker for good . 
 i heard him walking around , and turned to see him standing in the doorway . 
 `` what are you doin ' ? '' 
 i felt like i 'd done something wrong . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was just checking out the decor . 
 i still ca n't stop thinking about the baby . 
 she 's so tiny and fragile . 
 the closest i 've ever came to a baby before last night was a doll . 
 it 's just so surreal how another can create life like that . '' 
 `` babe , please do n't say you want to have a baby right now . 
 i ca n't even tell you how bad of an idea that would be . '' 
 `` i do n't . 
 give me some credit , parker . 
 i know what raising a child entails . 
 neither of us is in any position to do that . 
 besides , i think we need some time to recuperate our relationship before we jumped right into such an important decision , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 after agreeing with me , parker retreated to the bathroom . 
 i knew that we 'd planned on stopping by the hospital for a second time before heading back to school , so neither of us would miss classes the next morning . 
 even though my mind was consumed with the baby , parker did n't mention her even once on the way over to see her . 
 he did n't really talk about anything except having to get the oil changed in my car . 
 i found it odd that such an endearing moment with his family would n't strike his desire to be a part of it . 
 even though we were going , he seemed so withdrawn . 
 it was clearer when we went into the room and saw the baby for the second time . 
 i could n't wait to get my hands on the little bundle , while parker chatted with his sister and jamey . 
 when given the option to hold her , he flatly declined . 
 what was equally more concerning for me was that peyton did n't even seem to question it . 
 it made no sense . 
 they were twins , who 'd shared a connection since the womb . 
 how could he not be swooning over this beautiful baby ? 
 it was difficult to say goodbye when he 'd announced that we were leaving . 
 more than anything i wanted to stick around , playing with her little fingers , and memorizing that sweet face . 
 once again , parker said nothing as we started on our journey home . 
 it finally got to a point where i felt uncomfortable . 
 `` are you going to tell me what 's up with you ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he grabbed my hand and lifted it to his lips , as if nothing was wrong at all . 
 `` you 're being too quiet , and you did n't want to hold your niece . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 parker looked at me for a second before turning his attention back to the road . 
 i appreciated that he always liked to drive , but wondered if it was because i scared him when i got behind the wheel . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 i 'm tired , that 's all . 
 i 've been drivin ' around all weekend . '' 
 `` that does n't explain why you would n't hold lyla . '' 
 `` i 'm not good with babies , cam . 
 one day maybe that will change , but for now i feel uncomfortable . '' 
 he glanced at me , seeing firsthand what that statement had done to me . 
 i felt so sad , like there was going to come a time when he said he did n't want children at all . 
 he would be going back on his word , and it hurt me . 
 `` come on now , do n't get all upset . 
 just because i 'm not ready to be a dad does n't mean i do n't want kids . 
 one day i promise i 'll be ready . 
 besides , when it 's our kids i wo n't want to let them go . '' 
 that made me perk right up ; and i began wondering if i was also a little too tired to be concerned about his actions . 
 we 'd been on the road more than usual , and the added stress of friday night was really hard on both of us . 
 i did n't have to remind myself that parker was a good man , because i knew he was . 
 i closed my eyes shortly after our conversation , content with knowing that someday we 'd have a family . 
 as my body dozed off my thoughts were of a fantasy that i 'd built in my mind , a daydream of sorts . 
 parker was a loving husband . 
 i was a lawyer , of course . 
 we had three children , one of which was a little girl . 
 she had his bright blue eyes , and a set of sugar-bowl dimples . 
 her blonde hair was full of ringlet curls , and they bounced as she ran to jump into his arms . 
 his hug was the most beautiful act of love that i 'd ever witnessed , and i suddenly felt complete inside , like there was nothing more i could ever want for . 
 i knew it was just an envious fantasy that i 'd concocted in my head , but it felt so real . 
 i wanted that life , and someday we 'd make it happen . 
 chapter 17 parker last night when cameron had held little lyla , my dad pulled me aside to whisper his opinions in my ear . 
 he made it clear that watching me hold the baby made him angry inside , because i 'd given up my own . 
 after feeling so emotional over holding her , i knew i could n't let myself feel that again . 
 all i was to my dad was a disappointment , and this new addition to our family made it more obvious . 
 i would have liked to been able to spend more time with my sister , but knew it was best if we left before things got intense . 
 shayne seemed fine about me bringing cameron back into my life , and with his approval alone ; it was enough progress for me with this visit . 
 even after i 'd gotten halfway back to campus there was one thing on my mind . 
 cameron seemed to be crazy about the baby . 
 i 'd never seen her so captivated by anything before . 
 i knew she 'd never been around many little children , so it was all a new experience , but seeing her standing in the nursery was an eye-opener . 
 i did n't want her getting some crazy notion to go off her birth control pills and see what would come of it . 
 she needed to know that having a baby with me right now was the worst mistake of her life . 
 i could n't even begin to imagine what my family would do if that happened . 
 i felt content when she fell asleep , leaving me to a quiet car to calm my nerves . 
 i knew it was just excitement getting her all worked up , but it still worried me enough to where i could n't clear my head . 
 once we arrived back at the college cameron announced that she needed to go back to her room to study for an anticipated test . 
 i was n't too concerned about seeing her off , since my mind was in disarray . 
 we kissed goodbye and i watched her walk into her building before driving her car over to where the frat house was located . 
 cameron did n't care since we drove everywhere together anyway . 
 my room seemed entirely too empty without her around , so rather than beg her to come spend the night , i decided to go to sleep . 
 rest would make me feel better , and hopefully get over the strange feelings that i could n't seem to shake . 
 cameron it did n't matter how many times he 's reassured me . 
 parker was acting weird again . 
 i knew it all stemmed from that secret he was keeping , and as much as i 'd promised myself not to pry , i could n't help but wonder if there was something i could do to make it all better . 
 i 'd told a little lie to parker to keep from spending the night . 
 i 'd already pretty much memorized the topics on the upcoming test . 
 the only reason i wanted to go back to my room was because i felt irritated . 
 my head was pounding , and i knew i 'd have to deal with my parents before i could even think about actually going to sleep . 
 after changing into some comfortable clothes i turned on my phone and listened to the slew of messages left by them . 
 to say they were n't pleased with my decisions would have been an understatement . 
 i believe one of their threats included them taking my car away . 
 now i realize that they paid for the vehicle , but parker had been right to say that they were in total control over me . 
 i was an adult , and they were still punishing me as if i were a child . 
 it made me wonder if they were ever the adorning type of parents that i 'd imagined them being when i was an infant . 
 i wondered if they 'd ever swooned over me , or talked like a baby just to see me smile . 
 for as far back as i could recall i only remembered them being serious . 
 it saddened me to think about my childhood like it was a military camp , as if their only reason for getting pregnant was out of some long-term business decision . 
 who does that ? 
 with great regret i dialed my father 's number , prepared for his wrath . 
 `` it 's about time . 
 do you mind telling me what the hell is going on ? 
 we did n't teach you to have this kind of behavior , young lady . '' 
 i pinched my nose to relieve the pressure . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 parker and i resolved our problems , and then his sister went into labor . '' 
 i may have lied about the reason for leaving , but she did have the baby that night . 
 the line was silent for a second . 
 `` this does n't excuse your actions at the resort , cameron . 
 you are aware that you were in public wearing nothing but a towel . 
 a member of my firm saw you . 
 do you have any idea what kind of damage that can do to your future ? '' 
 i was so angry that he 'd brought seth into the conversation . 
 `` if you 're talking about seth then i can assure you he wo n't say anything . '' 
 `` what gives you that impression ? '' 
 leave it to my father to not take my word for it . 
 `` because he 's the reason i was naked in the first place , dad . 
 are you happy now ? 
 is that what you wanted to hear ? 
 did you really want to know that before parker showed up i was in seth 's room ? '' 
 `` seth anderson asked me if he could court you a long time ago , so no , it does n't surprise me . 
 what surprises me are your actions . 
 what made you invite parker to the lodge ? '' 
 i had to find an idea that would bring it all together . 
 `` i wanted to make him jealous , so i used seth to my advantage . '' 
 `` i 'm very disappointed in you , cameron . '' 
 `` really , because i learned to be sneaky from watching you win cases . 
 i think you 're just surprised that i 'm being honest about it . '' 
 which i certainly was n't . 
 `` this is unacceptable . 
 i will not have my daughter whoring herself around a ski resort . '' 
 i let out a sigh . 
 `` i did n't sleep with your associate , and i did n't sleep with parker that night either . 
 it 's sad that you 'd throw your own daughter under the bus , calling me with such ridiculous threats to get your way . 
 parker was right . 
 it 's time i stand up for myself , and do what i want with my life . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'll let you know once i have it all figured out . 
 goodbye , dad . 
 tell mom i 'll be calling soon . '' 
 i hung up the phone shaking so bad that i clapped my hands together to keep from noticing it so much . 
 i did n't know whether i wanted to laugh or cry . 
 what had gotten into me ? 
 apparently i 'd had enough . 
 i was sick of being controlled . 
 this was my life and i was going to live it the way i wanted . 
 the question was , if i was on the right path already . 
 i probably should have called parker to tell him about my phone call , but i was still having a hard time dealing with his actions . 
 since i did n't want to break up again , i decided that it was best to sleep on it . 
 that night my head continued to pound . 
 it became so excruciating that i took more than the normal dosage of medication to try and relieve it . 
 by the next morning it had only worsened . 
 fear struck me when i thought about ashley , and what she 'd gone through . 
 had stress caused me to have a tumor in my head ? 
 when i got up to go to the bathroom , i discovered that my underwear were soiled in blood . 
 while steadily freaking out , i managed to get parker on the phone . 
 `` good morning , babe . '' 
 `` parker , there 's no time for that . 
 come get me . 
 we need to go to the hospital immediately . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` there 's blood everywhere , '' i cried . 
 `` i 'm coming now . 
 stay where you are . '' 
 `` i 'm standing in the middle of my room . 
 i 'm so scared . 
 i sat down to use the bathroom and it was everywhere . '' 
 `` hang tight . 
 i 'll be there in two minutes . '' 
 parker stayed on the phone with me until he was knocking on my door . 
 he held my hand on the way to the car , even though it was n't necessary . 
 the whole way to the hospital he tried to coax me to calm down . 
 i knew he was just as concerned , after seeing the amount of blood on my sheets and down my legs . 
 once we pulled up at the hospital i was hunched over with pains so excruciating that i thought i was going to throw up . 
 parker offered to call my parents , but i 'd pissed my dad off and did n't want him badgering me until i knew what was wrong with me . 
 two hours later i was seen by a doctor . 
 i 'd changed into a hospital gown , and had several tests done as soon as i 'd arrived , including blood and urine . 
 they asked me a million questions , including if i thought i was pregnant . 
 i responded by letting them know that i was on birth control , and had gotten my period last month . 
 behind the doctor came a technician with a large machine on wheels . 
 the doctor felt my stomach , before letting the tech step in . 
 i was scared they were going to tell me that something was terminally wrong with me . 
 i 'd never gotten sick like this . 
 she put the device up to my stomach and started pointing to objects talking in medical terms . 
 parker held my hand , just as confused as i was . 
 she then wrapped this device around my belly and a constant thumping filled the room . 
 `` well that 's strange , '' the doctor said as he turned to address his concerns . 
 `` i think i 've figured out what 's causing the bleeding . 
 i 'm sorry to say that you 're having a miscarriage . 
 i ordered this test to make sure we did n't need to do a procedure , but in doing so we 've discovered a second fetus . 
 that sound you hear is your baby 's heartbeat . 
 it 's very strong . 
 it appears as though you were carrying twins , and one of them did n't survive . 
 the test revealed that fetus number two is intact . 
 many women have this occur , and we 'll just need to keep you monitored overnight to make sure the bleeding stops . 
 you 're going to need to contact an ob/gyn to set up an appointment as soon as possible . 
 for the first few months he or she may categorize you as high-risk . 
 they 'll have you come in more frequently , and probably do some extra tests to ensure the pregnancy is going as scheduled . 
 do you have any other questions ? '' 
 at this point i 'd lost my ability to communicate . 
 tears were streaming down my face , and i could n't even look at parker , who at some point had let go of my hand . 
 this could n't be happening to me . 
 `` i 'm not pregnant . 
 i had my period last month . 
 i take my pill every day . '' 
 `` the monitor does n't lie , ma'am . 
 you 're about ten to eleven weeks along according to the measurements . 
 some women do experience what they think is a light period during the first few months . 
 if it becomes heavier you 'll need to come back to the er . '' 
 i was n't trying to discredit his medical knowledge . 
 i think i was in such shock that i needed him to repeat what he 'd just said . 
 `` i have n't even been sick . '' 
 `` again , many women do n't experience any changes . 
 some have breast tenderness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , and even head colds . 
 the symptoms of pregnancy are n't always what people would expect . 
 every woman 's body is different . '' 
 we spoke for a few more minutes until i literally ran out of questions to ask . 
 the bottom line was that somehow i 'd gotten pregnant , and the man sitting next to me was as white as a ghost . 
 `` parker , say something . '' 
 he would n't even look at me . 
 `` parker , please . 
 i need you to say something . '' 
 he reached up and covered his face with his hands . 
 `` this ca n't be happenin ' . '' 
 `` parker , we 're having a baby . 
 i know the timing is n't what we would have liked , but we ca n't change that . '' 
 i leaned up on my elbows , concerned about his choice of words . 
 `` we just talked about this , cam . 
 i just said that i was n't ready to be a father . 
 how can you sit there so calm knowin ' how i feel ? 
 did you expect me to jump for joy ? 
 this is n't somethin' to celebrate . '' 
 before i could respond , or break into a cry fit , parker got up and walked out of the room , leaving me there vulnerable , and all alone . 
 chapter 18 parker this could n't be happening to me ; to us . 
 it was a nightmare that i swore i was going to wake up from . 
 my sister 's birth must have still been on my mind so much that it was now playing tricks on me . 
 there was no way that my girlfriend could be pregnant . 
 she was adamant about taking her pills and being so responsible . 
 as the time lapsed i was coming to the realization that it was n't a dream at all . 
 cameron was pregnant , and i was the father . 
 it was the wrong decision to make , but i had to get out of that room to get some air . 
 the cool wind hit my face as soon as i was outside , giving me more proof that i was wide-awake . 
 out of all the things that could have happened in my life this was the last thing that i ever expected . 
 i 'd already been through this ordeal once . 
 if my parents found out about it a second time they 'd disown me . 
 the worst part of it all was not being able to explain my reaction to cameron . 
 she was never going to forgive me for walking out of that hospital room , not that i could blame her . 
 i did n't deserve her forgiveness . 
 at the scariest moment in her life i 'd abandoned her , and i absolutely hated myself for it . 
 knowing that she was in there probably staring at the door , waiting for my return , i had to figure out what i was going to do . 
 the unfortunate shock had left me scatterbrained . 
 my hands became sweaty , and i could feel bile rising in my throat . 
 my head began to spin , so much that i had to sit down to steady myself . 
 for those few moments i felt like my life was going to be over . 
 then i called my brother . 
 he 'd been there for me before , and i was hoping he 'd know what i should do now . 
 it was hard to imagine what to say to someone who i 'd almost ruined their life , but i could n't think of one other person that would listen . 
 i did n't have friends that i trusted with this kind of information , and i certainly could n't call peyton . 
 she 'd just had a baby , and was settling into having a family . 
 her opinions would be biased . 
 shayne answered after two rings . 
 `` hey , parker . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i f ** ked up again , bro . 
 i f ** ked up so bad that i do n't know what i 'm goin ' to do . '' 
 `` slow down . 
 what are you talkin ' about ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 it was ridiculous to try to sugar coat it in any way . 
 shayne wanted the truth . 
 `` it 's cameron . 
 she 's in the hospital . '' 
 `` what the hell is goin ' on ? 
 did you hurt her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 of course not ! 
 i 'd never lay a hand on a woman . 
 it 's nothin ' like that . 
 she 's in the hospital because she was havin ' a miscarriage . 
 i did n't know she was pregnant , man . 
 i swear to god . '' 
 `` shit . 
 is she all right ? 
 what do you need me to do , man ? '' 
 `` shayne , it was twins . '' 
 i could n't believe that i was going to say it , so i paused to make sure i could go through with it . 
 `` one of them survived . 
 cam 's in shock and i just had to walk away . 
 i 'm losin ' it , bro . 
 i ca n't handle this . 
 what am i supposed to do now ? '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you called me with this , parker . 
 it 's messed up in so many ways . 
 i hope you know that . '' 
 the line went silent . 
 when he spoke again his voice was calmer . 
 `` there 's only one thing you can do . '' 
 i was almost afraid to even ask . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` first you 're goin ' to need to go in there and beg her to forgive you for actin ' like an ass . 
 then you 'll need to face the fact that the woman you love is carryin ' your child . 
 the timin ' may suck , but shit happens . 
 you 're goin ' to be a father . '' 
 `` i 'm not ready for this shit , shayne . 
 cam and i talked about this already . 
 hell , we just got back together . '' 
 `` parker , you know as well as i do that life takes us in directions we do n't plan . '' 
 `` mom and dad are never goin ' to forgive me this time . 
 there 's no way they 'll understand . '' 
 shayne laughed at me . 
 `` do you hear yourself ? 
 you 're an adult now . 
 it 's not their decision to make . 
 besides , they 'll forgive you , just like i have . 
 we all make mistakes . 
 look , mom and dad are going nuts over peyton 's little one . 
 do n't think for a second that they would n't welcome another grandchild into the family . 
 we 're all blood . 
 you ca n't ever forget that . '' 
 something shayne said caught my attention more than anything else . 
 `` you really think they 'd forgive me ? '' 
 shayne snickered on the other end of the phone . 
 `` you 're their son . 
 dad might be a hard ass , but he talks about you all the damn time . 
 parker , he just wants you to learn from your mistakes . 
 he wants you to be responsible . 
 this is your chance . 
 show them you can be a father to your kid . '' 
 as soon as he said it i knew he 'd get upset with himself . 
 there were still certain things that were so touchy to talk about . 
 i hated that every conversation reverted back to the twins , making my brother feel absolutely vulnerable that i 'd one day want to take them from him . 
 that alone left me wondering how my family could ever deal with this latest bout from my life . 
 it was as if everything i touched turned to shit . 
 `` shayne , i know what you meant . 
 look , i did n't call you to get you upset about the twins . 
 i told you before , and i 'll keep tellin ' ya , i 'm never goin ' to take them away from you . 
 i 'm content watchin ' them grow up under one roof with two parents that love them . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i appreciate you remindin ' me . 
 i guess we all have issues that we need to get over . 
 yours is learnin ' how to accept that we ca n't change our future . 
 you need to learn that sometimes life gets in the way . 
 i 'm sure cameron 's freakin ' out right now . 
 have you considered how hard this is for her , especially with how strict her family is ? 
 they 're goin ' to flip out . '' 
 shayne was right . 
 her dad was going to go ballistic , because having a baby put a huge damper in her future plans . 
 `` shit . 
 i need to go . '' 
 after saying goodbye to my brother , i rushed back inside of the hospital . 
 i was n't sure what i was going to say to her , but first i needed to apologize for running out . 
 we were n't in this alone , because we had each other . 
 we 'd figure it out together . 
 cameron this could n't be happening to me . 
 my life had been so strategically planned out . 
 i 'd taken my pills every single day , and made sure to mark my cycle on my calendar . 
 there was no way this was even possible . 
 parker and i had just reconciled . 
 he 'd made it clear that he was n't ready to be a father . 
 immediately after making that statement he was finding out that i was pregnant with his child . 
 not only was it horrible timing , but the lowest blow of bad news to someone that had no desire to procreate . 
 the worst-case scenario happened as i watched him walk right out of the room without saying anything to me at all . 
 it did n't just hurt my feelings , but made me worry that he might not ever talk to me again . 
 i knew that inclination was ridiculous to imagine , but more bad thoughts continued to blind my judgment of the man i loved . 
 i 'd never seen parker speechless before , and the pain in his eyes told me more than i think i even wanted to know . 
 it was n't just parker that was upsetting me . 
 the idea of being pregnant and losing a child was devastating . 
 what was even more surprising was the fact that i had n't even known i was with child . 
 how could something hurt us so much when i never had any knowledge of it ? 
 i could n't hold back the tears once they started . 
 my life was never going to be the same . 
 all of the aspirations that i had for my future were going to be over with . 
 if my body carried this child to term i was going to be a mother in less than seven months . 
 that was n't enough time to prepare mentally for a life-changing event . 
 it did n't give me a chance to break my parents ' hearts , and regain their love . 
 i did n't yet know if it was enough time to convince parker that we could be good parents . 
 the truth was that i did n't even know if it was possible . 
 he did n't want to have a child , and i knew nothing about them . 
 how could two people like us steadily begin to fathom being responsible for an innocent life ? 
 in every book i 'd ever read love prevailed , bringing happy endings to those who deserved them . 
 i needed a storybook ending or else my whole life was going to fall apart . 
 i 'd worked so hard to get the best grades , and stay focused with my studies . 
 how was i going to be able to manage school , and a newborn ? 
 how was i going to deal with parker if he left to travel with football ? 
 would he even want to come back to his college girlfriend who got knocked up by accident ? 
 i could n't stop worrying about everything surrounding this predicament . 
 i wondered if i could ever make a choice like abortion , and if it would make all of these issues go away . 
 more than anything i knew i needed to talk to parker . 
 his opinion mattered to me , and without it i did n't know what i was going to do . 
 i knew enough about science to be aware that terminating a pregnancy after the first trimester was dangerous . 
 why was i even considering this to be an option ? 
 while still having my freak out , a nurse came in and asked if i needed anything . 
 the only thing i asked for was a phone . 
 i had to make a phone call , even if i did n't want to . 
 my parents would still be at the office , so i called the main number and asked the secretary to patch me in to my mother 's line . 
 this was n't something i wanted to discuss with my dad on the phone . 
 `` catherine hynson . '' 
 `` mom , it 's me . '' 
 `` cameron , are you crying ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i hated having to say it out loud , especially after how i 'd acted toward my dad . 
 `` i 'm in the hospital . '' 
 `` oh my god , are you hurt ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay , but they 're keeping me for a while . 
 can you just come here ? 
 i do n't want to be alone right now . '' 
 `` you 're scaring me , darling . 
 tell me what 's going on . '' 
 she paused and yelled for my father , which was very unlike her . 
 it told me that she was worried , and frantic to get to me . 
 it was the kind of support i needed , especially after parker had walked out . 
 `` we 'll be there in ten minutes , cameron . 
 i 'm just going to get your father and we 'll be on our way . '' 
 when she hung up i sat there with the phone still in my hands . 
 more than anything i wanted to talk to parker . 
 he 'd been gone for a long time , and all i could assume was that he 'd left and gone somewhere to be alone . 
 it hurt me thinking about him abandoning me in a hospital . 
 that 's the main reason that i 'd decided to call my parents . 
 i knew i could n't depend on parker , since i had no clue where he was or what he was even thinking . 
 it was important to give him space , at least for a little while , so he could come to grips with the news . 
 in a short amount of time my parents , whose office was extremely close to the hospital , arrived . 
 now i had to just find a way to tell them that i 'd screwed up my life , and that i was pregnant by a guy they did n't want me with in the first place . 
 chapter 19 parker i 'd been gone too long . 
 as i turned the corner to enter her room i saw two people entering from the opposite direction . 
 their focus was on their daughter , instead of me . 
 before i got the nerve to walk inside the room and face her father , i stood and listened to what they were saying . 
 cameron was a basket case , crying so hard that i could barely make out what she was saying . 
 her father 's response was clear . 
 `` this is n't going to happen , cameron . 
 do you understand me ? 
 you 're not having this child and ruining your life . 
 your mother will call and schedule the appointment . 
 until this is resolved you 're coming home to stay with us . 
 i wo n't have that kid causing you any more stress than he already has . '' 
 i was clenching my fists , trying so hard to hold in my anger . 
 that was the woman that i loved . 
 she was carrying my child . 
 there was no way in hell that i was going to stand by and let him make the decision for us . 
 `` dad , please . 
 it 's my choice , '' she argued . 
 `` this again ? 
 your call earlier was his idea was n't it ? 
 he 's been feeding you hogwash to convince you to give up on what you 've worked so hard for . 
 now this ? '' 
 `` you ca n't control me anymore . 
 this has nothing to do with parker . 
 it 's my life . 
 this is my baby . '' 
 hearing her say that was like a kick in the gut . 
 there was a baby growing inside of her that we 'd made out of love . 
 this was n't the result of an accidental one-night stand . 
 how dare this guy treat her like it was . 
 i took a step to walk inside , just as her mother was coming out . 
 she grabbed me by the arm and pulled me away . 
 `` it 's not a good time , parker . '' 
 she 'd never been my friend before , or treated me respectfully . 
 one look into her eyes let me know that she was very emotional . 
 `` what are you sayin ' ? 
 it 's the perfect time . 
 i need to be there for cameron . 
 she needs me . '' 
 the woman shook her head . 
 `` no , you 've done enough . 
 please , just walk away from this . 
 let us handle things from here on out . 
 it 's for the best . '' 
 `` the best for who ? 
 for you ? 
 that 's my girlfriend in there . 
 i 'll be damned if i 'm goin ' to abandon her . '' 
 her facial expression changed . 
 this was an angry woman standing in front of me . 
 `` you do n't want to cross my husband . 
 he 'll make it his life 's mission to ruin you , parker . 
 i 've never seen him so upset . 
 you 've got to walk away for your own good . '' 
 i sank down to the floor and covered my face with my hands . 
 `` you ca n't ask me to do this . 
 you ca n't stand here and make threats . 
 cameron is an adult . 
 she can make her own decisions . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 you could n't even begin to know what it 's like . 
 she 's all he has , and he wo n't stop . 
 if you know what 's best for you , you 'll walk away . '' 
 i looked up to see her reaching inside of her purse . 
 she pulled out a check book , drawing my attention immediately . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i stood up and watched her writing down my name on the first line . 
 `` seriously , what is that for ? '' 
 i think i already knew what she was going to say even before she started explaining . 
 `` this buys you your freedom . 
 take this check and walk away from my daughter . 
 live your life to the fullest . 
 just disappear , please . 
 you 've done enough . '' 
 i crumbled up the paper and tossed it in her face . 
 she was n't going to f ** king buy me . 
 her attempts to rid me of her daughter 's life were only pissing me off more . 
 `` fuck you ! 
 i 'm not goin ' anywhere . '' 
 she reached down and picked up the balled check . 
 `` just take the check , parker . 
 at least go sleep on it . 
 if you still want to be with cameron , then i wo n't be able to stop you . '' 
 i sighed , and looked down at the wrinkled up check . 
 instead of causing a scene , and making things worse , i was going to agree to sleep on it , even though i knew i 'd never give up on cameron . 
 if she did n't want the baby i would understand , but i was n't going to let them make that decision for her . 
 i 'd call the hospital later when i knew they 'd gone home . 
 hell or high water , i was determined to prove to cam that i was the one person she could on count on , no matter what . 
 cameron `` please , do n't make me do this , mom . 
 you ca n't let him force me to give up my baby . '' 
 my father had stepped out to make a phone call . 
 he was probably calling his detective goons to murder my boyfriend . 
 okay , i knew my father was n't capable of murdering someone , but he 'd certainly do whatever he could to hurt parker . 
 `` he 's made his mind up , honey . 
 we check out in the morning and you 're coming home with us . 
 i 'll be with you every step of the way . 
 do n't let this tiny mistake ruin your future . 
 you 've got so much going for you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 're going to give me that same crap again ? 
 do you care about my feelings at all ? 
 i wo n't let you dictate my life like this . 
 you ca n't make me abort my baby . 
 parker will never let you make that decision for us . '' 
 `` of course i care , and so does your father for that matter . 
 this decision is for your own good , and frankly it 's not up to the father of the child . 
 it 's up to the mother . 
 being that you 're incapable of caring for a child on your own , we 're going to help make it all go away . '' 
 `` where 's parker ? '' 
 the more i thought about it the more i wondered if they 'd seen him , and made him leave . 
 i knew them well enough to know they 'd do that if given the chance . 
 in fact , they would have done anything in their power to convince him that an abortion was a good idea . 
 the bile rose in my throat as i contemplated all of the resources they had to make my life miserable . 
 `` parker went home . 
 i told him you 'd be fine for the night . 
 there 's nothing more he can do for you anyway . 
 he 's obviously done enough . 
 we told you that boy was no good for you . 
 now get up in that bed . 
 you 're only wearing that gown , and anyone could walk in here and see something you do n't want them to . '' 
 was she really worried about someone seeing my bare back and a pair of underwear , when my life was in such disarray ? 
 i had a huge pad on that felt like a diaper . 
 could n't she see that i had bigger issues than being naked in a hospital ? 
 then there were her opinions about parker . 
 do n't even get me started on how angry i felt when either of them talked down about him . 
 yes , we had issues , but parker loved me . 
 i never doubted that . 
 he would n't purposely hurt me , especially in this type of situation . 
 he may have been confused , but he would n't have left , even if they told him to . 
 he would have fought them . 
 i knew him enough to be confident about that . 
 he 'd had no problems in the past reminding me that they could never tear us apart . 
 they had to have been threatening him with something . 
 it irked me to no end . 
 i was inconsolable , and helpless . 
 `` he 's a good man , and i love him . 
 you have no idea who he is , or how he treats me . 
 you 'd rather marry me off to one of your friends , because it 's good for your business . 
 it 's disgusting . 
 nothing is going to make me stop loving parker . '' 
 that was the last straw . 
 i started to climb further out of the bed . 
 `` i hate you . 
 you 're ruining my life . 
 i need parker here with me . 
 give me your phone , mom . '' 
 i held out my hand , but she refused . 
 `` mom , please . 
 i need your phone now ! 
 he needs to know i want him here . 
 he should be here with me right now . '' 
 `` i 'm not giving you my phone so you can make another mistake . 
 enough is enough , cameron . 
 you 're not calling that boy tonight , and that 's final . 
 stop asking about it . 
 parker wo n't be returning . 
 get back in that bed or i 'll be forced to call the doctor and tell him that you 're not following his orders . '' 
 `` please , '' i pleaded , as more tears began to fall down my cheeks . 
 i could n't remember ever feeling so distraught . 
 `` please just let me call him . 
 let me tell him goodnight . 
 i know he 's upset . 
 just let me talk to him for a minute , '' i was n't going to stop desperately begging . 
 this was my well-being she was messing with . 
 my behavior may have seemed rash , but it was only because of the situation that they were putting me in . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cameron , but it 's not going to happen . 
 your father had made it clear that he does n't want parker in here with us . '' 
 my father walked back into the room , conveniently at the same time my mother was speaking . 
 `` he 's gone , cameron . 
 he 's not coming back , so i 'd appreciate it if you stopped asking . '' 
 i was speechless for a moment as his damaging words sank in . 
 `` what 's that mean ? 
 did you tell the hospital he was n't allowed in here ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you need to calm down . '' 
 `` i 'm getting the nurse , '' my mother interrupted before hauling ass out of the room . 
 i leaned against the bed , literally breaking down so terribly that i could n't hold myself up . 
 i cried loudly , not caring what my father thought about me being so weak . 
 they were keeping parker from me , i just knew it . 
 while trying to think of something to say to my parents to convince them to reconsider , my mother came in followed by three nurses . 
 before i knew what was happening , they were putting me back in the bed , and strapping me down . 
 i kicked and screamed , yelling profanities and threats . 
 another nurse came in with a needle , and proceeded to insert something into my iv . 
 the room started to look blurry , while my eyes fought to stay open . 
 then i could n't fight it any longer . 
 i knew this was my parent 's doing , and i was never going to forgive them for caring more about control than my well-being . 
 chapter 20 parker apparently my feelings were irrelevant when it came to cameron 's parents . 
 did they really think they could get rid of me that easy ? 
 i was n't going to be paid to stay out of their daughter 's life , and since they 'd even made that assumption , i was now determined to get her the hell away from them . 
 they 'd messed with the wrong guy if they thought i 'd sit back and let them win . 
 i 'd lost everything in my life except for her , and even though things were looking up , i knew i 'd never be the same without her by my side . 
 i waited until visiting hours were over before calling the hospital . 
 i knew she 'd be transferred to a real room by then , and have a direct line to call . 
 it was strange when i called the main desk and they told me that cameron hynson was unavailable to accept calls . 
 feeling like her parents had interfered again , i decided to get some sleep and head over in the morning . 
 since i was so upset over everything that had transpired , i was n't able to get much rest . 
 by the time the sun came up i was ready to head to the hospital to be with cameron . 
 as soon as visiting hours began i was walking inside of the hospital with a bouquet of flowers in my hand . 
 cameron was about to find out that i 'd stand by whatever decision she wanted to make . 
 i wanted her to know that i 'd be her shoulder to cry on , and her supporter for whatever was to come . 
 the front desk associate was a petite dark-skinned woman . 
 she smiled when i approached . 
 `` good morning . 
 can i help you with something , sir ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 i 'm here to see my girlfriend . 
 they kept her overnight , and i was told she 'd be in her own room by now . 
 her name is cameron hynson . '' 
 she started typing on the computer . 
 `` you said hynson , with a y ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she frowned , but kept typing . 
 then she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but she was released overnight . '' 
 i was at a loss for words . 
 i 'd been in the room when the doctor stated he wanted to observe her . 
 i knew he would n't have allowed her to go home unless he was persuaded . 
 it rubbed me the wrong way knowing that it concerned her health . 
 `` thanks for lettin ' me know . 
 i 'll try to reach her at home then . '' 
 i walked out of there feeling defeated , but remained determined to locate where she was staying and letting her know my intentions . 
 i hopped back in cameron 's car once i reached the parking lot , and headed on my way to her parent 's estate . 
 i was more than certain that she 'd be there , and that they were going to give me a hard time about seeing her . 
 on the way there i tried her cell phone several times , continuously getting the voicemail . 
 i did n't leave a message on account of wanting to tell her how i felt in person . 
 it was n't something i 'd ever consider leaving over the phone . 
 cameron deserved more than that . 
 until i reached that mansion , all i could think about was being in that hospital room and hearing the doctor announce that she was pregnant . 
 another thing i continued dwelling on was the fact that it had been twins . 
 had it survived , i would have been the biological father of four children before the age of twenty-two . 
 that made me very aware of how serious this situation was , and also that i needed to do the right thing . 
 all night i 'd tossed and turned imagining myself being a father . 
 i pictured the way it made me feel to hold lyla , and how i knew my own child would be more enlightening . 
 i wanted to feel that way again , even if it scared the shit out of me . 
 it was an experience that i 'd never felt before , and although it was overwhelmingly scary , it made me feel loved . 
 that child that cameron was carrying was going to love me . 
 it only made sense for me to want to have that in my life . 
 i 'd made mistakes , and maybe in many ways i did n't deserve to be a father , but it was happening . 
 i pulled up at the gates to enter into the private yard . 
 after pushing the intercom button i heard the maid 's voice . 
 she was just a nice old lady that had lived with them since cameron was a small child . 
 in many ways i think she was more of a mother than mrs. catherine . 
 while she was busy with her career , miss mary would do all of the cooking , cleaning , and also take care of cameron . 
 my girlfriend loved the woman , and every year for christmas and her birthday she would buy her something very nice . 
 sometimes i wondered if cameron also considered her and the other help her best friends . 
 it was n't like she was given the opportunity to play with other children outside . 
 their estate was a damn fortress . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 mary 's voice filled the intercom system . 
 `` miss mary , it 's me , parker . 
 can you open the gate so i can pull the car in ? '' 
 it took her a couple seconds to reply . 
 `` i 'm sorry , parker , but i 'm not supposed to let you in to see cameron . 
 mr. hynson gave me strict orders . '' 
 i could hear it in her voice that she was upset about it . 
 `` just let me in . 
 i wo n't tell them if you do n't . '' 
 suddenly the voice on the other end changed . 
 her father sounded pissed . 
 `` i 'd advise you to drive back to college and leave my daughter alone , son . 
 just turn around and head back before i call and report my daughter 's car stolen . '' 
 i beat my fists on the steering wheel realizing that driving cameron 's car had left me vulnerable to her father 's wrath . 
 he had me by the balls , and there was nothing i could do but leave before he went to extremes to get me to go away . 
 `` i 'll leave because you 're threatenin ' me , but i wo n't give up on your daughter . 
 you ca n't keep her locked up forever . '' 
 i peeled wheels down the road , unable to control my frustration . 
 they were f ** king with me because they could . 
 not only was i pissed , but it hurt me to not be able to hold my girlfriend . 
 she needed to know that i was n't going anywhere . 
 it was bullshit . 
 cameron they 'd taken me out of the hospital in the middle of the night like some secret protection agency . 
 i could n't believe how low they were stooping to keep me away from parker . 
 i awoke to the sound of someone ringing in on the intercom . 
 before i could hop out of bed and get to the hallway , where the answering device was placed , i heard my parents walking down the hall . 
 i stood , silently against my bedroom door listening to what was being said . 
 first our housekeeper answered , and i immediately heard parker talking . 
 for a moment i was utterly excited that he 'd come to see me . 
 the last time we 'd spoke he 'd walked out , and i wondered if after a whole night of thinking , he 'd decide that all of this was n't worth the trouble . 
 he could easily walk away , and my parents would help him do it . 
 just as i was about to rush out and hit the gate release button , i heard my father speaking , basically threatening that if parker did n't leave it would be bad for him . 
 i could n't believe my ears , and the lengths he was still going to . 
 i sank down on my floor and began to weep . 
 i was a prisoner in my own home , and my parents were the dictators , deciding my fate before i even had a chance to fend for myself . 
 i knew i could n't climb out of the window and run down the road after parker . 
 my pregnancy was high risk , and i was still bleeding pretty heavily from the miscarriage of baby number one . 
 i put my hand up to my stomach and left it there , reminding myself that what was growing inside of me was already something that i loved . 
 no one was going to take it away from me , not even my parents . 
 it took a while for my father to calm down from his rage induced mood . 
 he got on his phone and started giving orders to someone at the office , and then finally settled when he began speaking to my mother . 
 i heard them talking about what clinic they should take me to . 
 i felt disgusted with both of them . 
 they were n't going to get the benefit of the doubt from me as to what was best . 
 the truth of the matter was that they did n't know me at all . 
 i was a stranger to them , a pawn brought into the world to carry on their name . 
 since most of my clothes were at the dorm , i knew i could get away without having a bag strapped to my back . 
 while still listening to them having a discussion , i crept out my door , making sure it was locked , as if i wanted to be alone . 
 i was getting out of my house , and calling parker . 
 my parents were not ruining my life . 
 i froze in place when miss mary spotted me sneaking down the stairs . 
 she held her finger up to her lips , motioning me with her other hand to follow her . 
 this particular woman had pretty much always taken care of me . 
 as far as love , she 'd always given it . 
 i trusted her , and knew she 'd keep me safe . 
 once we were in the confines of her quarters , and the door was shut , she pulled me into a hug . 
 `` oh , my dear . 
 what have you gotten yourself into ? '' 
 i began to cry again . 
 `` i 'm pregnant and they want me to have an abortion . 
 they 're holding me here like a prisoner . 
 please help me . 
 i need to get to parker . 
 he loves me , mary . 
 he 'll take care of me . 
 i swear he will . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` parker seems like a nice boy . 
 here 's my phone . 
 call him and arrange to have him pick you up next door at the savage 's house . 
 i 'll call metra -lrb- who is the maid -rrb- and have her let you in . 
 mr. and mrs. savage are away for the week , so you wo n't be discovered . 
 the house is far enough away that they wo n't see you once you 're there . 
 i 'm about to go make breakfast . 
 i 'll keep your parents occupied long enough for you to leave out the side door , and make your way over there . '' 
 i hugged her tightly . 
 `` thank you so much , mary . 
 i owe you . '' 
 `` you do n't owe me anything , cameron . 
 i just want you to be happy . 
 it 's all i 've ever wanted for you . '' 
 i waited for her to walk out before calling parker . 
 my hands were shaking as i dialed his number , even though i knew he 'd come to see me , and been turned away . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` parker , it 's me . 
 how far away are you ? '' 
 i began crying just from hearing his voice . 
 i knew he 'd come to save me , and it gave me a sense of warmth and security . 
 `` i 'm not far . 
 did your parents leave ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i heard my dad saying he 's staying here all day . 
 they 're talking about taking me to have an abortion . '' 
 my sobbing intensified . 
 `` parker , i do n't want to give up our baby . 
 i can understand if you do n't want this , but i ca n't do it . 
 this baby is alive inside of me , and i already love it . 
 i know that does n't make sense , but - . '' 
 `` i know , cam . 
 i know what you mean , because i feel it too . 
 i 'm turnin ' the car around now . '' 
 `` wait . 
 i need you to go to my neighbor 's house ; the one with the big white pillars . 
 pull up to their gate and the housekeeper will let you in . 
 she 'll be expecting you . 
 i 'll come outside once i see you pulling up . '' 
 `` are you there now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'd already started heading toward the side entrance . 
 i checked my surroundings before beginning to walk towards the neighbor 's house , which was a good ways in the distance . 
 `` i 'm on my way . '' 
 `` are you sneaking out ? '' 
 i could hear the concern in his voice . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've got to get away from them . 
 you need to get me to the dorm so i can pack my things . 
 then i do n't know where we 'll go . 
 i 've got my atm card with me , so we can stop and get as much money out as possible before they realize i 'm gone . 
 i 'm sure they 'll cancel all of my cards when they discover what i 've done . '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 i 'll keep you safe , no matter what we have to do . 
 i 'm on my way , babe . 
 you hang tight , and i 'll be there . '' 
 `` i love you , parker . 
 i love you so much . '' 
 `` cam , i love you too . 
 stop cryin ' . 
 it 's all goin ' to be okay . 
 i promise . '' 
 i trusted his word , especially because i knew he did truly love me . 
 parker may have been confused , but he was supporting me . 
 for the time being it was all i could ask for . 
 chapter 21 parker i was almost back at the college when i received the call from cameron . 
 she sounded so upset , and my heart ached for what she was having to go through . 
 what parent in their right mind would treat her like a piece of property . 
 she was n't some toy they could throw around . 
 i drove as fast as i could to get to her , afraid that they 'd find out she was gone before i arrived . 
 every minute that passed left me more concerned . 
 i was n't afraid of facing her father , but i was scared about what i 'd do to the man if we came face to face . 
 he was clearly delusional if he assumed i 'd walked away from his daughter without a fight . 
 i knew the house that cameron had told me to pick her up at , it was even larger than the one her parents owned . 
 after getting through the gates i spotted her standing outside . 
 her hair was disheveled , and it appeared that she was still in her pajamas . 
 that made it apparent that she 'd left the house in a hurry . 
 i jumped out of the car as soon as i put it into park . 
 cameron very well could have climbed inside the passenger seat and greeted me , but i needed my arms around her . 
 as soon as i had her there in my hold i felt that petite body trembling . 
 she was a complete mess . 
 `` it 's goin ' to be okay , cam . 
 i wo n't let them touch you . '' 
 she pulled away , her nose dripping snot , while her cheeks were covered in fresh tears . 
 `` where are we supposed to go , parker ? 
 they 'll look everywhere until they find me . 
 my dad has resources . '' 
 i knew exactly where we could go to hide out , i just needed to make sure it was going to be okay . 
 `` do n't worry about that , right now . 
 let 's just get out of here and get your things from the school . 
 once we 're on the road we can talk about what 's next . '' 
 even i was shaking as i climbed back into the driver 's side . 
 we took off down the paved driveway , headed for the first atm machine we came to . 
 cameron hopped out and withdrew four hundred dollars , the full amount allowed from a machine in a single day . 
 then she did the same on both credit cards . 
 with more than a grand in her possession , we then went to the dorm , where she packed up her clothes in trash bags and loaded them into my car . 
 we knew they 'd be looking for hers first . 
 cameron left her keys locked in the glove compartment of her vehicle . 
 she did n't even speak as we pulled away , leaving both of our futures in limbo . 
 for a while she cried , feeling overwhelmed with fear of what she 'd done . 
 i could n't blame her for feeling so confused . 
 she been raised a certain way , and was now coming to terms with the fact that maybe it was n't practical . 
 since we had a long drive ahead of us i contacted my coach . 
 it was n't football season , but i still wanted him to be aware what was going on . 
 my father was going to be pissed , but he 'd know what was going on long before school contacted him , since we were going there first . 
 once again cameron slept in the car . 
 i knew she needed her rest , and did n't try to wake her even when i felt like i was going to pee myself . 
 we pulled up at my parent 's house sometime in the afternoon . 
 i was n't surprised that my mom was there , but was a little concerned when i saw my dad . 
 he raised his brow and looked from me to cameron . 
 `` tell me there was some evacuation at school , and that 's why you 're not there for class . '' 
 i put my hands up . 
 `` just let me explain before you freak out . '' 
 my mom held out her hand . 
 `` cameron , why do n't you come in and sit down . 
 there 's no reason we ca n't talk in the living room . '' 
 we followed my parents and sat down on opposite couches that faced each other . 
 i reached over and grabbed cameron 's hand . 
 `` i know we should be in school , but we 've got a good reason for stayin ' away . 
 cam 's in some trouble with her family , and i 've got to keep her safe . '' 
 `` what kind of trouble , '' my dad asked . 
 `` i thought her parents were lawyers . '' 
 `` they are . 
 look , there 's no easy way to say this . 
 cam 's pregnant . 
 we had to rush her to the hospital last night because she was having a miscarriage . '' 
 `` oh no . 
 i 'm so sorry , cameron . 
 i lost a baby too a long time ago before the twins . '' 
 my dad was n't like my mother . 
 he shook his head and put his arms across his chest . 
 `` you 're telling me that you got cameron pregnant . '' 
 i had to prevent him from telling her about ashley . 
 `` dad , please . 
 her parents are tryin ' to make her have an abortion . '' 
 `` i thought you said she miscarried . '' 
 my mother was so confused . 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but cameron took over . 
 `` it was twins . 
 i lost one of the babies , but the tests showed that the second fetus was in no danger . 
 my father prevented parker from staying at the hospital with me , and then he checked me out overnight . 
 they would n't allow parker on our property this morning , and were already calling places to schedule an immediate abortion . 
 please , mr. and mrs. hutchinson , i do n't want to give up my baby . '' 
 i squeezed her hand to remind her that we were together in all of this . 
 `` i ca n't let them find me , not until i 'm far enough along that they wo n't be able to interfere . '' 
 she began to cry , probably afraid that my parents were n't going to show her compassion . 
 i stared into my father 's eyes . 
 it did n't take a genius to know what he was thinking . 
 `` dad , i love her . 
 please . 
 i came here today to let you know that i 'm going to protect them . 
 i wo n't let anyone take this baby from us . '' 
 it was hard for me to say to him , not just because of what had happened with shayne , but because the more i defended this unborn child , the more i knew i wanted to be it 's father . 
 my dad did n't yell , and he certainly did n't get up and start pacing around the room . 
 as calm as i 'd ever seen him react , he turned to give my mother a once-over before responding . 
 `` parker , i appreciate you coming to us with this . 
 you know how your mother and i feel about abortions , especially after everything your brother went through . 
 it takes a real man to step up and raise a child . 
 my only concern is that you 're running from her family . 
 they 'll know you came here . '' 
 `` i was going to take her to the beach house . 
 i already talked to my coach . 
 summer 's comin ' up , and i plan on showin ' up to take my exams . 
 i 've got a term paper due in one class , and a video project in another . 
 my other two classes accept homework online . 
 all i have to do is show up on exam day and i 'll pass for the semester . 
 by the time summer 's over cam will be far enough along to be safe . 
 i get that this seems drastic , but you did n't see them last night . '' 
 `` my parents raised me to become a lawyer . 
 they see this as a terrible mistake that 's going to ruin my future . 
 they think that my dating parker is a mistake , and that he 's going to ruin my life . 
 i had to sneak out of my house to get away from them . 
 they took my phone , and had our house on lockdown . 
 they do n't care how i feel or what i want . '' 
 cameron turned and leaned her face against my chest . 
 i think she was to the point where she could n't believe what we were facing . 
 everything was about to change for us . 
 i did n't know whether i 'd be able to manage my classes from afar , but i was willing to put school on the backburner when it came to my girlfriend . 
 she was my future before anything else . 
 `` you ca n't go to the beach house . 
 her parents can go on the internet and see that we own it . '' 
 damn . 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 it had become apparent that he was going to help us . 
 in that moment i felt like i had my father back . 
 `` i 'll call your uncle and see if you can stay in ford 's old apartment at the shop . 
 you can park your car in the garage out back . 
 even if they put two and two together , they wo n't see it from the road . '' 
 my dad got up and went into the home office . 
 i heard him on the phone , obviously talking to my uncle . 
 i put my head down when he started talking about me knocking up my girlfriend . 
 `` cameron , how are you feeling ? 
 i 'm sure you 're not supposed to be doing all this running around . '' 
 my mother was concerned for her health . 
 i was too , but first we needed to be safe . 
 `` i 've been sleeping for the whole ride . 
 the cramping has stopped , and i feel a little better . 
 it 's the stress i 'm worried about . '' 
 my dad came out of the office . 
 `` all right . 
 after speaking to your uncle we 've decided that it would be best if i took your car to my shop and kept it indoors . 
 i 'll keep it covered like the other collectables that come in . 
 your mom and i will drop you off at the apartment , and we 'll run out to fetch you groceries , and things you 'll both need . 
 your uncle said he 's got an extra truck , and you 'll be able to use it whenever you need to . 
 i want you both to figure out a way to take those exams . 
 i 'll call the school in the morning and let them know we had a family emergency , and maybe they 'll be willing to work with you . 
 cam , i 'd suggest that you do the same thing . 
 i realize they may not go for it , but it 's worth a try . 
 you 're both good students . '' 
 i stood up and extended my hand out to my dad . 
 `` i really appreciate this . 
 i know you 're pissed , but it means a lot . '' 
 `` parker , right now i 'm concerned about my son , and nothing else . 
 you 're stepping up and taking care of your responsibilities . 
 it 's a step in the right direction . '' 
 `` we can talk more about this later , right , honey ? '' 
 my mother asked . 
 `` yes . 
 let 's get them over to the apartment . 
 we 'll have plenty of time to get this all figured out . '' 
 it was almost unbelievable . 
 of course , once we were outside alone , my dad voiced his opinion . 
 `` son , i do n't even know what to say to you . 
 when you were here did you already know she was pregnant ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i found out last night when she was havin ' the miscarriage . '' 
 `` this blows my mind . 
 i do n't even know where to begin with my concerns . '' 
 `` look , dad . 
 i know it 's messed up . 
 i get that you 're pissed . 
 i know how much my football career means to you . 
 it 's not that i want to give up on my chances , but things have changed . 
 they were n't planned , and god knows i would n't have wished this on myself , but i ca n't change them now . 
 i 'm scared to death , and i have no idea what i 'm doin ' . 
 i just know i 'm makin ' the right choice . 
 please , just help me out . 
 i came to you because i 'm tryin ' to do the right thing . 
 she 's pregnant , and yeah , i know what i did in the past . 
 this is different . 
 she 's my girlfriend , and i want to spend the rest of my life with her . 
 you may not understand , and i would n't blame you if you hated my choices for the rest of my life , but as your son i 'm askin ' for help . 
 i 'm desperate , dad . 
 her mother tried to pay me a hundred grand to stay away from her daughter , last night . 
 she literally wrote me a damn check outside of her hospital room . '' 
 `` no shit ? '' 
 my dad seemed as shocked as i was when it happened . 
 `` they 've got this twisted idea that cam 's goin ' to do whatever they say . 
 they actually think that they can force her into a set future . 
 she 's got no say in her own life . '' 
 he put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` we 've got issues between us , parker . 
 i 'm going to put them aside and make sure you 're both safe . 
 right now i 'm concerned about my son . 
 that 's my grandchild she 's carrying , and i 'll be damned if i 'm okay with them thinking it 's all right to just throw it away , like it 's some trash . '' 
 i sighed and looked down at the ground . 
 it was hard to not feel a little emotional when this man , who 'd i 'd let down so much , was still providing for me . 
 he had every reason not to trust me , but instead was giving me a chance . 
 soon after we loaded up their vehicle , my parents drove us over to the apartment above the garage . 
 it had been empty for months , and we had no idea what to expect when we arrived . 
 all i cared about was keeping cameron away from the two people that were determined to ruin our futures . 
 chapter 22 cameron i looked around at the small apartment above the garage . 
 even though it was larger than my room at the dorm , it did n't feel roomy . 
 the couch was old with stains all over it , and the pull out bed was full of lumps from blankets , like someone had slept there but not had the decency to pull up the covers . 
 there were beer cans on all of the tables , and on the opposite side the countertops seemed to need to be wiped off . 
 the room smelled musty , like it had been closed up too long . 
 i almost noticed a faint smell of cigarette smoke , which i could n't stand . 
 i think parker sensed my fears as he took a second glance at the condition of the place . 
 it was going to need work for us to be comfortable , which i knew he 'd be up for the challenge . 
 ever since picking me up , he 'd had this ambitious determination to make sure i was safe and cared for . 
 `` we 'll get a new couch , and i 'll paint the walls a brighter color . 
 we can hang some pictures so it 's more cheerful . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i lied , knowing we had no place else to go . 
 with only a grand in my pocket , i did n't even have the resources to make it nice on my own . 
 `` i 'll get a new sofa sleeper this afternoon , '' parker 's dad announced . 
 `` cameron 's going to need a good night 's sleep . 
 that old thing wo n't be good for her or the baby . '' 
 `` thanks , dad , '' parker said graciously . 
 we were interrupted by the sound of someone walking up the metal steps to the apartment . 
 i do n't know why my heartbeat increased , or why i began to feel like it could be my parents . 
 they had no idea where we were . 
 ford 's mother stepped inside and looked around . 
 `` i 've been meanin ' to clean up out here . 
 it 's been sittin ' like this for a while . '' 
 she sat a bucket full of cleaners and rags down on the counter . 
 she walked over and hugged parker 's dad , who i 'd learned was her brother . 
 `` i 'll make sure these two have everything they need . 
 it will give me a reason to cook real meals again . 
 we 've been eatin ' tv dinners since ford moved out . '' 
 i knew we were throwing ourselves at these people , but they were so welcoming . 
 as upset as i was about what parker and i were doing , as compulsive as the decision had been , i honestly felt like we were going to be okay staying at this place . 
 `` thank you for letting us stay here . 
 i 'm sorry we arrived without much notice . '' 
 `` honey , you 're family , and we do n't turn our backs on them . 
 now , since we 've got a lot of cleanin ' to do , and you need to get off your feet , i 'm goin ' to have parker take you up to the main house . 
 you can sleep in my daughter 's room . 
 the refrigerator has plenty of water bottles , and there 's some lunch meat if you get hungry . 
 once i get all this cleaned up , i 'll head out to the store . 
 do n't worry yourself about dinners . 
 i like a reason to cook . 
 we 'll make sure that baby has all the nutrients he or she needs . '' 
 it almost shocked me to hear that she already knew about my pregnancy . 
 i knew parker 's dad had made the phone call , and assumed that 's when they learned about our predicament . 
 `` thanks again . 
 it means a lot to have people care for me . '' 
 i felt so pathetic admitting that . 
 it was a definite shame that my parents could n't let me live my life . 
 parker took me over to the main farmhouse . 
 he got me settled into his late cousin 's room , tucking me under the covers and kissing me before walking out of the room . 
 i 'd been in this particular room before at one of the parties they 'd thrown . 
 parker had brought me upstairs so that we could make out . 
 ford ended up walking in and giving him shit since it was his sister 's room . 
 parker later told me that for the longest time they left it exactly how it was the day she passed away . 
 even though it was still decorated the same , his mother had finally let go enough to clean up her personal things and put them away . 
 while looking around i put my hand on my stomach . 
 growing inside of me was a child of my own ; a child that would one day become a teenager , and i could n't imagine for a second learning that something terrible had happened . 
 it enlightened me on a couple of facts . 
 the first was how much my parents had sheltered me from . 
 they 'd never made me feel that unconditional love . 
 both of them had always lived with giving me rules to live by . 
 i had to want to be a lawyer . 
 nobody had ever come to me and asked if i wanted to be a ballerina , or even a firefighter . 
 for a while now parker had gotten on me about becoming a lawyer . 
 he said i was only doing it for their benefit , and once i admitted that , my life would open up to other options . 
 the second thing was the fact that i 'd never been shown what unconditional love was . 
 his aunt had made it clear that they stood by their family , no matter what . 
 my parents did n't do that either . 
 it was either their way or nothing at all . 
 it was so depressing . 
 after a short nap , i woke feeling refreshed . 
 i knew my parents had most definitely discovered my absence , and could only assume that they were desperately trying to track us down . 
 there was no doubt in my mind that they knew who i was with . 
 maryland was the first place they were going to look . 
 from the outside of the apartment the door was large and metal . 
 it seemed to appear more like a storage facility instead what it really was . 
 parker and i could hide out there without worry . 
 even if my dad came looking , i was sure they would n't find us . 
 parker walked into the room carrying a tray . 
 he sat it down on my lap . 
 `` i brought you some soup , and some orange juice . 
 my mom ran out and got you these vitamins from peyton . 
 she said you should start takin ' them right away . 
 we 'll get you in to see a doctor so you can have your own prescription . 
 of course , we 'll have to use a different name , but we 'll figure it out . '' 
 `` i feel like a criminal that 's on the run . 
 this is terrible . '' 
 `` it 's just for a couple months . 
 once you reach the halfway mark we 'll get back to normal . '' 
 i looked down at the bowl , unable to face him with what i needed to say . 
 `` parker , i 'm so sorry for making you do this . '' 
 he sat down next to me on the mattress , leaning in to kiss me on the forehead . 
 `` you 're not makin ' me do nothin ' . 
 it 's my job to be by your side . 
 we 're in this together . '' 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about the way you walked out of the room when you heard the news . 
 i had no idea the doctor was going to tell us what he did . 
 it was like my heart stopped beating for a couple moments . '' 
 the news , at first , was so displeasing . 
 it was as if in just a few seconds our lives had been turned upside down . 
 `` cam , i 've got to say that i was in shock . 
 i was so worried about all the blood that i had n't even for one minute considered you could be pregnant . 
 what 's worse is the fact that we 'd just talked about waiting . 
 from the second that doctor told us about the twins i felt sick , like it was all some dream . 
 i walked out to clear my head , so i could come back and be supportive . 
 i never intended to leave you there all alone . 
 if i could take it back i would . 
 we probably would n't be in this situation . '' 
 it warmed my heart to hear his side of what happened . 
 `` i 'm sorry i called them . 
 we should have kept it a secret . 
 i was just so scared . '' 
 `` we 're goin ' to be fine . '' 
 i looked down at my food again . 
 `` i would n't hate you if you did n't want to be a part of this . 
 i know it 's not what you signed up for . '' 
 i was so afraid to look at him and see a reaction of relief . 
 instead he put his arm around me . 
 `` babe , i 'm goin ' to marry you . 
 i know it 's not how we would have wanted to plan it , but we 're in this together . 
 i 'm not goin ' anywhere . '' 
 `` did you just say you want to marry me ? 
 you 've never talked about it before . 
 i mean , i just assumed it would happen eventually , but ... '' `` if we got married you 'd be my wife , and your freakin ' parents would have to back off . 
 it 's goin ' to happen no matter when we do it , so why not just elope ? 
 what would it be hurtin ' ? '' 
 with all of the negative i 'd been dealing with , i had to admit that his idea seemed to bring a smile to my face immediately . 
 i love parker , and even though we 'd had problems , i knew he felt the same . 
 now we were having a child . 
 things may have been out of order , but i wanted to be a family , and having the same last name as my baby would be ideal . 
 i could n't think of a good enough reason to not go through with it . 
 if in the long run it protected us , it was definitely a good decision . 
 `` well , we 're both adults . 
 it 's not like anyone can stop us . '' 
 `` we 're goin ' to have to act fast . 
 i 'm sure your dad will be one step ahead of us , looking at marriage licenses in both states . 
 it might be better for us to travel to another area to tie the knot . 
 if they ca n't find us , then they ca n't stop it from takin ' place . '' 
 we looked into each other 's eyes . 
 for something that felt like a catastrophe at first , it was only leading us into a deeper commitment to each other . 
 i did n't know if i 'd use the term grateful to explain it out loud , but it was certainly how i felt about our unplanned pregnancy . 
 chapter 23 parker when cameron laid down to rest i sat in the kitchen with my parents to discuss what was next for us . 
 they were n't just going to leave without addressing their own concerns regarding the situation . 
 i folded my hands and prepared for the wrath of my father , knowing how disappointed he was at me , yet again . 
 he whispered something in my mother 's ear , assumedly speaking of how hard it was to keep his composure around cameron . 
 one could only assume . 
 `` your mother and i have been discussing this situation . 
 we both agree that we 're going to make sure cameron is safe , and your mom is going to get her medical care while she 's here . 
 since you wo n't be attending school every day , you 'll need to either work for your uncle , or with me at the custom shop . 
 i 'll leave that up to you . 
 also an option would be to float between the two , when both of us need an extra set of hands . 
 your uncle wo n't be charging you rent . 
 the place has n't been used in a long time , and you 're family . '' 
 `` that seems fair . 
 i 've got no problem havin ' a job . 
 i do n't expect any handouts , even though i know you 're all puttin ' a lot out for us already . '' 
 `` with the exception of the couch and some groceries , we are n't doing much . 
 the apartment is vacant . 
 it 's not ideal to raise a baby , but it 's perfect for the two of you until you get on your feet . '' 
 i folded my hands and placed them on the table . 
 `` you can give it to me straight . 
 i know you 're pissed off . '' 
 my mom reached across the table and touched my hands . 
 `` we just want you to make good choices . '' 
 she looked at my dad before continuing . 
 `` taking care of cameron , and being responsible is a step in the right direction . 
 we 're just worried about you being with cameron long-term . 
 what are you going to do when her parents get involved ? 
 you 've got no hold on her parker . 
 she could go to them at any time , and we 're afraid that when she has the baby they 'll keep he or she away from you . 
 after everything we 've all been through with the twins , it 's hard for us to see you with a similar situation . 
 your father and i respect that you 've made the decision to be there for cameron , but you also need to consider how this affects the future . 
 have you thought about marriage ? '' 
 i pulled my hands away and immediately began rubbing my eyes . 
 they made me feel uncomfortable . 
 it was as if they were pushing me to make another leap , after already accepting that i was going to be a father , technically for the third time . 
 `` not really . 
 i mean , i know i 'm going to marry , cam . 
 we 've mentioned it , but there 's no date or anything like that . '' 
 `` perhaps it 's time you started thinking about it . 
 if you were married her parents could n't do anything about it . 
 it would be a legal binding contract . '' 
 my father sighed and showed the palms of both hands as he spoke , like he was out of options . 
 i was n't used to seeing this side of him , who was obviously concerned for me . 
 `` i 'm not trying to push you into doing something you do n't want to do . 
 we 've been down that road , and i 'm learning that it gets me nowhere . 
 i 'm just stating an obvious resolution that you could consider . 
 the choice is yours , and we want you to be sure before making it . 
 i do n't think anyone in this family can go through what happened with the twins again , parker . 
 we 're just concerned that you 'll change your mind . 
 in this case , we wo n't have an opportunity to know our grandchild ; not if her parents have anything to do with it . '' 
 `` okay , first , i 'd never let them take my kid . 
 they 'd have the nanny raise it , and force cam to complete her studies . 
 it 's not what either of us want . 
 as far as marriage , well if she wants to elope then i 'd do it . 
 there 's no sense of waitin ' when we both know it 's what we want . 
 i think at this point she 's willin ' to do whatever it takes to get away from her parents . 
 if havin ' my name helps then i say let 's do it , and not because it 's a good idea , but because i love her . '' 
 i chuckled to myself realizing that in just two short days so much had changed . 
 `` look , i 've told you this before , and i 'll say it again , that night with ashley was a mistake . 
 we barely remember it happenin ' . 
 shayne 's a great father , and he 's my brother . 
 i 've got no regrets . 
 that being said , i know you have reservations about me being a father . 
 i do n't know the first thing about raisin ' a kid , but i do know that ever since i found out last night , i 've felt like i had to protect it . 
 i ca n't explain the way i feel , but it 's there , and it 's strong enough to make me want to do whatever it takes to protect he or she from being terminated . 
 her parents will have to go through me before they do anything , and i 'm sure as hell not goin ' to let them near cameron . '' 
 `` let 's assume that what you 're saying is true . 
 how do you plan on supporting your family ? '' 
 `` i 'm goin ' to play professional football . 
 i do n't give a shit if i 'm signed by some canadian league . 
 as long as i 'm makin ' money i 'll be happy . 
 if the football does n't pan out , i 'll take my degree and use it to get a job . 
 i 'll work two or three jobs if i have to . 
 all i care about is takin ' care of cam . 
 she needs me more than anyone ever has . 
 i 'm all she has . '' 
 `` she has us too , '' my mother added . 
 i do n't know why , but hearing my mother saying that got to me . 
 i felt like i was getting choked up . 
 `` that means a lot to me . 
 for a while i 've felt like you were never goin ' to want to be around me again . '' 
 `` we felt like you were making bad choices , and we just did n't want the past coming back to haunt you . '' 
 `` it wo n't , not if we all agree to never discuss it again . '' 
 i wanted nothing more than to bury that secret so far into the ground that it would never be recovered . 
 i was tired of it haunting me , and being reminded of it every time i was around them . 
 decisions had been made , and they were going to have a great future . 
 i had no regrets . 
 `` that 's fine by me , '' my mother said . 
 `` for now i will agree to keep the peace . 
 i just worry that somewhere down the road the truth will come out . 
 i do n't want you or your brother to have to deal with the repercussions of that . '' 
 `` dad , let 's just worry about today , please . 
 i ca n't take much more . 
 in two days my whole life has changed . 
 i 'm tryin ' to be positive for cameron , but inside i 'm scared to death that i 'm goin ' to fail . '' 
 `` you 're not going to fail , parker . 
 your dad and i wo n't let you . 
 we 're going to help you through this , and we 'll figure it out . 
 her parents will come around . 
 once they see that baby for the first time they 'll fall right in love . '' 
 i hoped that my mother was right , otherwise we were in for a long road ahead of us . 
 before making cam some soup , i sat at the table talking to my parents as if we had n't already been through hell and back . 
 i told them that i 'd called shayne and asked for advice . 
 my mom seemed pleased that the two of us were getting along , while my father remained conflicted . 
 i could understand why he was reluctant to trust my choices this time , but hoped that eventually he 'd see my feelings were genuine . 
 all in all it had turned out to be a good day . 
 for the time being i could work and make some extra money to save up for the arrival of a new baby . 
 cameron would be safe from her parents , and i would n't have to worry about what their next move would be . 
 since she 'd left both her phone and her vehicle in pennsylvania , they would n't have much to go on . 
 i 'd turned off my phone and removed the battery when we arrived at my parents . 
 god only knew if they could find a way to trace my whereabouts , and i was n't about to make stupid mistakes . 
 it was obvious they did n't want us together , so i was determined to make it my life 's mission to take care of cameron and our unborn child . 
 i 'd made a ton of mistakes , and i knew i had a lot of work to do , but her being a part of my life was so important that it was worth any changes i 'd have to make to better myself . 
 chapter 24 cameron married . 
 parker wanted to marry me . 
 i think i always assumed that it would happen , but this fast , for all of the wrong reasons ? 
 okay , maybe the reasons were justifiable , and assumedly the timing could n't be better . 
 respectively i could have looked at it with an optimistic perspective , instead of negative . 
 it was hard to do when i 'd been let down so many times . 
 still , i could n't deny that my love for parker , or the fact that i wanted us to be a family , even if there was n't a bunch of planning involved . 
 the idea of being his wife allowed me to accept his proposal without second guessing consequences . 
 parker left me alone while i ate my soup . 
 it had gotten cold during our discussion , but i was so hungry that i did n't even mind . 
 a little later i walked downstairs to find the house empty . 
 i headed to the front door and looked out to see the guys carrying a large sofa up the steep steps to the apartment . 
 after grabbing a jacket , i took the walk across the field to check it out for myself . 
 by the time i made it inside they 'd already replaced it where the old one once sat . 
 the old area rugs had been replaced with two new ones , and the place smelled fresh . 
 parker smiled when he spotted me standing in the doorway . 
 `` we were goin ' to surprise you . '' 
 `` it 's so different in here from earlier . 
 you guys did all of this while i was resting ? '' 
 `` the couch is from my mom and dad 's house . 
 it 's been in the bonus room for years , and since us kids moved out nobody uses it . 
 it 's got a mattress that is adjustable with air . 
 we can get it set to how we like it and leave it set up . '' 
 `` that sounds perfect . '' 
 `` my mom just ran out to get us a couple things for the refrigerator . 
 she 's also going to pick up stuff for the bathroom . 
 i was n't sure what we 'd need . 
 if she forgets somethin' we 'll run out later and grab it . '' 
 i turned my attention to parker 's dad . 
 `` thanks for all of this . 
 i 'm really sorry we put all this on you , sir . '' 
 he put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` sweetie , you 're family to us . 
 if you need anything else you just let us know . 
 you 'll get through this . '' 
 i tried to smile to the best of my ability . 
 it was n't like i had a ton of things to be thankful for . 
 to feel like you 're a burden was difficult . 
 it was also apparent that parker and i needed them . 
 we were running as if our lives were in danger , when in fact we were just hiding from my overbearing parents . 
 `` i appreciate that . '' 
 `` i 'll let you two get settled . 
 son , get with me on the job situation . '' 
 his dad walked out leaving us all alone . 
 parker threw his hands in the air . 
 `` so welcome home , for now of course . '' 
 i walked over and sat down on the couch . 
 `` it 's great . '' 
 `` there 's plenty of room for the two of us , i think . 
 i can set up a desk over there in the corner so we can both do our homework . 
 i already have my uncle 's wi-fi password so we 're good on that . 
 i think this will work , do n't you ? '' 
 he sat down next to me , brushing the hair away from my face . 
 it was little attentive details that made me appreciate how parker cared for me . 
 `` now that it 's been cleaned i like it . 
 at first i was a little leery about living in those kind of conditions being pregnant . 
 i 'm no medical expert , but i 'm sure that mold spores are n't good for anyone . 
 not that i do n't appreciate your family giving us this place to stay , because i most certainly do . '' 
 parker chuckled . 
 he grabbed my hand and pulled it up to his lips . 
 `` you 're so cute . 
 i knew what you were sayin ' . 
 just so you know , my mom and aunt would never have let you spend the night in this place if they thought it was n't safe . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i must sound like a spoiled brat . '' 
 `` maybe a little . '' 
 i smacked him , even though i knew he was teasing me . 
 `` cam , if i thought you were a stuck up snob i never would have slept with you . 
 okay , maybe i would have at least once , but i probably would n't have gone for the second or third time . '' 
 we both laughed . 
 then the room got quiet . 
 `` i know we have to talk about what 's next for us , parker . '' 
 `` i thought we already did . '' 
 i shook my head and looked down at my hands . 
 `` no . 
 i mean after the baby comes . '' 
 he put his hand on my knee . 
 `` i know you 're a problem solver , and that you always have to have the right answer , but we 've just gone through a shit ton of emotional stress . 
 if it 's okay with you , i 'd like to take a couple days to reflect on us bein ' safe , and then we can open that can of worms . 
 right now i need you to cooperate . 
 the doctor said you need to take it easy , and he did n't just mean physically . 
 you 've got to relax your mind , and let your body heal . '' 
 `` you 're saying that like you actually care about this baby , '' i had tears forming in my eyes when i said it . 
 i think in the back of my mind i was fearing that parker was only being supportive for my benefit , no matter how many times he 'd reiterated his feelings about us becoming parents . 
 it was n't just parker though . 
 it was everything . 
 too much had transpired for me to be able to comfortably relax . 
 i was n't wired to let things hover around without being resolved . 
 i needed closure , like a case in the courtroom . 
 just thinking about it made me think of my parents . 
 i was so angry that they treated me the way they had , but i still loved them . 
 they were all i had as far as blood relatives . 
 sure , i had a couple aunts and uncles , but they 'd used my parents for loans and get out of trouble free cards too many times . 
 we had n't had contact with any of them since i was a kid . 
 one set of grandparents were deceased , while my other two were placed in a nursing home with alzheimer 's . 
 the last time i 'd been to visit , neither of them knew who i was . 
 parker waited until i looked up into his eyes . 
 `` babe , stop . 
 i care about you , and that means that i care about our baby . 
 i 'm just tryin ' to get things figured out before we have to focus all of our attention on a newborn . 
 please trust me , we 're goin ' to figure it out , together . '' 
 he seemed like he was getting sick of reassuring me . 
 i wondered if i sounded like a broken record . 
 at any rate , parker did n't fuss about it . 
 he was so caring , and his family was even surprising me . 
 whatever their problem was with parker in the past , they 'd obviously gotten over it , or at least pushed it to the side . 
 `` do you think they 're looking for me ? '' 
 he knew right away that i was speaking about my parents . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 they want to find you and lock you up in a tower . 
 hopefully your hair will grow fast so you can throw it out the window and let me climb up to rescue you . '' 
 i finally laughed . 
 `` i 'm not a fairytale princess . '' 
 `` i know , but it would be kickass if you were , '' he added . 
 i let my head fall into his chest . 
 immediately both of his strong arms wrapped around me . 
 `` what would i do without you ? '' 
 he let out a loud sigh . 
 `` stay a virgin and take over the family business , i suppose . 
 guess i f ** ked that plan to shit . '' 
 an air-filled laugh escaped me . 
 `` yeah , i guess you did . '' 
 for the rest of the night parker and i got our things unpacked . 
 we watched some television , and snacked on fruit . 
 even though we did n't discuss anything of importance , it felt good being able to hang out without rules . 
 we did n't have a curfew , or a class to go to in the morning . 
 it felt peaceful , almost surreal that while in the midst of all our troubles , we 'd discovered a place where we could just be together . 
 i had to appreciate how much parker seemed to lighten up once his parents got on board . 
 silently i wondered if whatever they 'd held a secret had been resolved . 
 i did n't understand how my pregnancy would impact that particular issue , but i was content with seeing my boyfriend relaxed while being around them . 
 later that night i fell asleep in parker 's arms . 
 he was right about the bed . 
 once we 'd gotten it to an agreed setting we were quite comfortable . 
 my mind was able to relax , and look forward to the positive , instead of dwelling on what we could n't change . 
 chapter 25 parker i could tell that she was struggling with everything that had gone down . 
 i did n't blame her for being upset . 
 if my parents had tried to force my hand i would have been in her same position . 
 as the first few weeks passed , it was getting easier to make our own routines . 
 due to my situation with school , i was having to report to two classes a week . 
 the rest of the courses i was able to turn my work in online . 
 each tuesday i 'd take my uncle 's truck and drive the long ride it took me to get back to pennsylvania . 
 for the most part it was n't a hassle . 
 i knew that my future was more important than ever , because i 'd have a baby to support . 
 while cameron was still indecisive about what she wanted to do with the current school situation , she continued turning in her assignments , and communicating with her professors . 
 unlike me , she was able to take most of her courses online . 
 her grades were so good that they did n't even question her reasons for being away . 
 three out of her eight class workload even gave her the rest of the course material to work on from home . 
 when i traveled once a week , i 'd stop by and turn them in for her . 
 she 'd given them the reason being a medical emergency , with no real details pertaining to being pregnant . 
 it was irrelevant in the big picture . 
 no matter what her current condition was , it was the reason that she would n't be returning back to the campus . 
 after the third week i came out of class to find her father standing in front of me . 
 his arms were crossed over his chest , and the stern grin let me know that he was n't in the mood for small talk . 
 `` parker , you 're going to tell me where my daughter is immediately . '' 
 i was n't afraid of this guy . 
 `` she and the baby are safe . 
 that 's all you need to know . '' 
 `` i 've told you before not to cross me , '' he threatened . 
 `` get out of my face . 
 i ai n't crossing shit . 
 your daughter is old enough to make her own decisions . 
 if she wants to have my baby , and raise it bein ' a stay at home mom , it 's fine by me . 
 get over your god complex . 
 she 's not a tool . '' 
 `` her mother and i will find her , and when we do this will all be over with . '' 
 i laughed in his face . 
 `` the only thing that 's over is this conversation . 
 get out of my f ** kin ' face . '' 
 there was a time when i used manners , and respect , but this dude had lost that privilege a long time ago . 
 i was n't wasting my time dealing with someone who thought he could control my girlfriend . 
 `` i 'll have you followed . '' 
 his words cut me like a knife . 
 i turned around and put on a fake smile . 
 `` follow me all you want . 
 i 'm headin ' back to my frat house to take a f ** kin ' nap . 
 you really think i 'd be stupid enough to lead you right to cam ? 
 she 's in a safe place that you 'll never find . '' 
 realizing that i had to come up with a different strategy of an exit plan , i began walking away from the bastard , before i let my anger drive my fist into his face . 
 he 'd made the mistake of letting me know that someone was going to follow me . 
 i had to come up with a plan to lose them , before i hit the state line . 
 it was going to require some assistance from my family , which i already felt i 'd abused enough . 
 reluctantly , i dialed my brother 's landline , praying that ashley would answer , because everyone else would still be at work . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` ash , it 's me parker . 
 do n't hang up . '' 
 `` i 'm not that rude , parker . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 your brother is n't home . '' 
 i hated even asking . 
 `` i 'm in trouble . 
 i 'm at school , and cameron 's father has now threatened to have me followed so that he can locate where we 've been hidin ' . 
 i would n't be callin ' if i was n't out of options . '' 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 `` i need someone to drive here . 
 look , i know it 's a long way , but - . '' 
 `` i can be there in a couple of hours . 
 the twins are about ready to take a nap , so i 'll put them in the car now . 
 it 's easier if they sleep the whole way . '' 
 i could n't believe she was helping me . 
 it was n't like we were enemies , but ash had hard feelings even after i 'd done everything i could to make things right . 
 `` should we call shayne ? '' 
 i certainly did n't want to be on his shit list again . 
 `` i 'll call him . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 he 'd want me to help . 
 besides , i think it 's time that you and i talked . '' 
 i was n't looking forward to that part . 
 god only knew what she was going to throw at me . 
 `` when you get to the state line call me . 
 i 'll let you know where to meet . 
 i 'm thinkin ' i can get someone here to give me a ride . 
 it blows that i 've got to leave the truck , but i ca n't let them find her . 
 it 's a good thing that exams are next week . 
 we 'll have the whole summer to relax . '' 
 `` we 'll see you soon , parker . 
 do n't forget to call me . '' 
 the idea of her including the kids in that comment was unnerving . 
 it was n't that i did n't like them . 
 the truth was that i loved them , so much that sometimes it hurt to admit . 
 i knew they belonged to shayne , and i 'd vowed to never let anyone know . 
 every time i was around them i 'd feel uncomfortable , like if i reached out i was overstepping my boundaries . 
 i did n't want to be their dad , but the connection was irrefutable . 
 once i was back at the confines of the frat house , i spent a little while catching up with my buddies . 
 they wanted to hear all about me f ** king up and knocking up my girlfriend . 
 since weeks had gone by i 'd been able to accept that maybe we were meant to get pregnant . 
 cameron and i were at a weird place . 
 her parents had a huge hold over her decisions , and now she finally saw them for what they were . 
 also , moving in together , and sharing in what we 'd been through had brought us closer together . 
 there were many nights that i considered telling her about the twins , but i knew that there was a chance she 'd never forgive me , or be able to get past the fact that number one , i was already a father , and number two , i had twins with my brother 's wife . 
 it was a lot for anyone to wrap their head around , especially someone that i wanted to marry . 
 after giving my friends the low-down , i went to gather some more of my things from my room . 
 it was a shame knowing that i 'd waited so long to get it , and i was already having to leave it behind . 
 i snuck out the back of the house so if anyone was trying to follow me , they would n't see me leave . 
 one of my frat brothers drove me to a nearby gas station , where i met ashley . 
 i climbed in the car , greeted by her being on the phone , rebekah sound asleep , and eli smiling from cheek to cheek . 
 `` hey , little guy . '' 
 ash handed me her phone . 
 `` shayne wants to talk to you . '' 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i did n't know what to expect . 
 `` you okay , parker ? '' 
 `` yeah , i am now . '' 
 `` ash is goin ' to pick up cameron on your way back , and bring her to our house . 
 we 'll order pizza or somethin' easy . 
 peyton 's bringing the baby over and wants you both to be there too . 
 is that cool with you ? '' 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 `` good . 
 be nice to my wife . 
 you owe her one . '' 
 i looked toward ash , who was looking back at the kids . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'll be nice . 
 see you later , bro . '' 
 for the first few minutes we said nothing to each other . 
 then ashley broke that silence . 
 `` so , are we goin ' to talk about the baby on the way , or are you goin ' to pretend that it 's not happenin ' around me ? '' 
 i looked out the window , instead of in her direction . 
 `` are you worried that i might change my mind or somethin' ? '' 
 `` should i be ? '' 
 i looked right at her . 
 `` no . 
 of course not . 
 why does everyone have such a hard time about this ? '' 
 `` do n't hate me for askin ' , parker . 
 you 're back now , and it 's been weird for me . 
 i 'm not concerned for me , but more for your brother . 
 it 's obvious that you 're plannin ' on keepin ' cameron around , so it 's easy to assume that you might want to let her in on the big family secret . '' 
 `` cam wo n't ever know about the twins . 
 the secret is safe , and we need to keep it buried . 
 we 're goin ' to get married , and have our own baby on the way . 
 what you and i had on that beach is in the past . 
 shit , we were too drunk to even remember it . '' 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 look in the backseat and tell me that 's not a reminder of what we did that night . '' 
 i ran my hands through my hair . 
 `` this is not the conversation that i wanted to have with you , ash . 
 look , i 'm glad you 're married to my brother . 
 i envy what the two of you have , but i 'm not tryin ' to take your kids away . 
 i signed over my rights when you were pregnant , and i 've never regretted it . 
 cameron is never goin ' to know the twins are mine . 
 i 'll take it to my grave . '' 
 she seemed content with my answer , and i did understand why she was concerned . 
 i suppose if i were in her shoes i 'd be confused as well . 
 the car got quiet again , except for the little guy who definitely wanted out of his car seat . 
 i turned and gave eli attention , so that ash did n't have to pull over . 
 it felt good to spend time with him , and even though that secret bond we shared was apparent , i did n't address it . 
 that was something i 'd have to learn to ignore . 
 when they got older and wanted to spend time with their uncle maybe it would be all right , but if they felt uncomfortable , i would n't argue about it . 
 this was n't an easy process for me , and i knew it was even more difficult for everyone else , because they had no idea how to act . 
 i called cam a few minutes later to let her know we 'd be picking her up . 
 i could n't put my finger on it , but she seemed out of sorts . 
 `` hey , babe , it 's me . 
 i ran into your dad at college , so ash came and picked me up . 
 they invited us to dinner , so we 'll be pickin ' you up in about an hour . '' 
 `` i 'm not really hungry . 
 why do n't you just go without me ? '' 
 `` you can still come over and hang out , even if you do n't want to eat . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't feel well . 
 i would n't want the twins to get what i have , so it 's best that i stay home . '' 
 even though she was acting weird , i shook it off as hormones . 
 obviously they were going crazy from the pregnancy . 
 `` okay . 
 if you change your mind give me a ring . 
 we 'll grab you on the way . 
 i love you . '' 
 she hung up before replying , but again , i ignored it . 
 chapter 26 cameron my hands were still shaking when i hung up from the call . 
 in a matter of thirty minutes my life had been thrown another loop . 
 i felt hurt , betrayed , and most importantly , lied to . 
 i 'd been busy reading over my term paper for the second time , feeling like my eyes were going to pop out of my head . 
 there was nothing like trying to edit your own material . 
 no matter how many times i 'd comb through it there would still be issues . 
 at any rate , the prepaid cell phone that parker had given me the day after we moved in had started to ring . 
 only parker and his parents knew the number , so i got up and walked over to answer it . 
 sometimes during the day his mother would bring me things , or ask if i wanted to go into town . 
 i picked up the phone noticing parker 's number . 
 `` hey , babe . '' 
 while waiting for him to reply i started listening to the background sounds . 
 a female voice was speaking . 
 `` it 's obvious that you 're plannin ' on keepin ' cameron around , so it 's easy to assume that you might want to let her in on the big family secret . '' 
 i put my hand over my mouth , shocked that this was actually happening . 
 when i heard parker replying , i knew he 'd butt dialed me . 
 maybe i should have hung up the phone , but i just could n't . 
 curiosity got the best of me , as i sat down on the bed and received the utmost shock of my entire life . 
 `` cam wo n't ever know about the twins . 
 the secret is safe , and we need to keep it buried . 
 we 're goin ' to get married , and we have our own baby on the way . 
 what you and i had on that beach is in the past . 
 shit , we were too drunk to even remember it . '' 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 look in the backseat and tell me they 're not a reminder of what we did that night . '' 
 i 'd already begun to cry . 
 it could n't be happening , i thought to myself . 
 this had to be a nightmare . 
 was that ashley 's voice that he was speaking to ? 
 `` this is not the conversation that i wanted to have with you , ash . 
 look , i 'm glad you 're married to my brother . 
 i envy what the two of you have , but i 'm not tryin ' to take your kids away . 
 i signed over my rights when you were pregnant , and i 've never regretted it . 
 cameron is never goin ' to know the twins are mine . 
 i 'll take it to my grave . '' 
 there it was . 
 the big secret that he 'd begged me to leave alone . 
 the twins belonged to parker . 
 it explained everything , and i did n't know how in the world i 'd ever be able to look at him the same again . 
 i began to hyperventilate , falling onto the bed and pulling my legs up against my chest . 
 while trying to wrap my head around what i 'd just heard , my phone began to ring again . 
 i wondered if it was just another butt dial , and if so , what else would i hear when i picked up the call ? 
 against my better judgment i lifted the phone to my ear only to hear parker on the line , telling me we were going to have dinner with his family . 
 that was the last thing i wanted to do . 
 there was no way i could ever look at ashley and those twins the same way again . 
 the twins were parkers . 
 oh my god this could n't be happening to me . 
 my insides were being torn apart as i attempted to imagine how all of this had happened . 
 it was n't just that i felt uneasy , and betrayed . 
 it was the fact that this family had a tremendous secret that they all thought they could bury . 
 i started doing the math in my head , realizing that parker and i had started dating when ashley was pregnant . 
 i remember shayne coming around , and a certain private conversation that i 'd witnessed them having . 
 suddenly everything began to make sense . 
 the whispers at parties . 
 the way they 'd been so close to parker , and then turned their backs on him . 
 it all made sense . 
 shaking , and feeling like i was in a literal nightmare , i tried to psych myself out of my current mental state . 
 parker loved me , and i was carrying his child . 
 i had to figure out a way to get over this , so that we could be happy . 
 after nearly an hour i was sitting on the bathroom floor , vomiting , and clearly in no condition to be able to rationalize with what had occurred . 
 in a matter of seconds everything i thought i 'd known had been proven a lie . 
 i could n't deny my immediate jealousy i had for ashley , or how parker was with her , discussing the twins . 
 i wondered if shayne was aware of their friendship , or even if it bothered him at all ? 
 the longer i dwelled on the phone call , the sicker i got . 
 in fact , it got so bad that i actually fell asleep on that cold tile floor , while crying , and reaching for hope that no longer existed . 
 at some point parker was going to come home . 
 he 'd suspect that everything was okay . 
 i , however , knew i could n't look at him the same . 
 he 'd fathered two children and written them off to party at college , and date someone else . 
 how could i ever be able to accept that he wanted to be a father to my child that was growing inside of me ? 
 i woke up to the sound of the door opening . 
 being that i was till lying in the bathroom floor , i rose to my feet quickly , so that i would n't alarm parker . 
 it took me a couple seconds to recall what had put me there . 
 as soon as i walked into the main room , i saw him standing there . 
 he had a smile on his face , and seemed so content . 
 it made me cringe . 
 how could he look at me day after day , knowing he had two children , and act like he was this innocent guy ? 
 i felt like i did n't know him at all . 
 as he approached , i turned my head . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he ran his hand over my cheek . 
 i wanted to cry , but knew i could n't lead on that i knew his dirty little secret . 
 i could n't say anything at all until i could figure out what i was going to do . 
 it was n't as if i had a ton of options . 
 i could call my parents and go back to being controlled , or i could stay , forever knowing that those twins belonged to parker , not shayne . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm fine . 
 it 's been a long day and i 'm headed to bed . '' 
 `` did you finish proofin ' the term paper ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i still need to proof it a few more times . '' 
 the small talk was making my head spin . 
 `` that 's my girl ; always makin ' things perfect . '' 
 he smiled and pulled off his shirt . 
 it let me know he was going to join me in bed . 
 i did n't know how to get him to leave me alone without putting some kind of worry over him . 
 `` hey , ash said she 's been savin ' all the twin 's clothes , so whatever we have we 'll have a shit-ton of baby stuff . 
 that 's goin ' to help , do n't ya think ? '' 
 the idea of getting clothes from the woman that he shared secret twins with rubbed me the wrong way . 
 again i had something else that was making my stomach twirl . 
 `` yeah , that will be great . '' 
 i pointed toward the bed . 
 `` i 'm just going to go to sleep now . 
 i 'll keep my ear buds in so you can watch the sports network . '' 
 i kissed him on the cheek , quickly , so that i would n't get emotional from the contact . 
 `` goodnight , parker . '' 
 he followed me into the bed , wrapping his arms around me . 
 i closed my eyes , pretending that it did n't bother me . 
 `` i ran into your dad earlier . 
 that 's why ash had to come to school and get me . 
 he said he was watchin ' me , and that he 'd have me followed until i led him right to you . 
 i was so afraid he 'd find you and take you away from me , cam . 
 god , i love you so much . '' 
 he kissed the back of my head , making me feel even more confused . 
 my parents had hurt me , but parker 's secret was destroying me . 
 it 's no wonder he could n't tell me the truth , because he knew i 'd never be able to understand . 
 the fact that his brother had let parker around those kids made me wonder if he 'd lost his mind . 
 how could he be okay with knowing that his brother had slept with his wife ? 
 they obviously were n't together at the time , but it still was n't right . 
 i was in the state of utter shock . 
 while attempting to control my body from shaking profusely , parker nestled himself closer to me . 
 i felt trapped , like there was nowhere to escape from this type of horror . 
 i had a big decision to make ; one that could n't be taken lightly . 
 could i stay with parker and live with what he 'd done , or would i have to walk away , allowing my parents to do what they thought was best for me ? 
 those questions were heavy on my heart as i tried to close my eyes . 
 for now there was a baby growing inside of me . 
 i was already in love with it , and did n't know how to make a decision when all i wanted to do was be his or her mother . 
 chapter 27 parker being with my brother and his family had been enlightening . 
 watching him interact with the children always felt weird , but knowing that i had a baby on the way helped me . 
 it was imperative that i took into consideration that i 'd soon have my own family to care for . 
 maybe it would help me to overcome the hard feelings that i had when i was around the twins . 
 at the end of the day they were going to remain my niece and nephew . 
 i 'd get to watch them grow , and give them presents for their birthdays and christmas . 
 i 'd get to be a part of their lives , even if i was n't the person they called ` daddy ' . 
 it was enough for me . 
 cameron was acting weird over the phone , then once i arrived home it was apparent that something was bothering her . 
 with everything we 'd gone through it was n't surprising that she was acting different . 
 i think sometimes she got cabin fever . 
 my mom had been taking her out a couple times a week to get some exercise , and fresh air . 
 she 'd done well adapting to the changes , and every day we discussed our future . 
 we 'd decided to marry within the next month , after she had her sonogram to tell us what we were having . 
 we were still several weeks away from that eventful visit , so we had time to deal with school . 
 cameron had been on edge with finals coming up . 
 she 'd missed several classes , claiming that it would be an issue for the exam , but to be honest i was sure she knew just as much as the professor himself . 
 the girl had read as a hobby . 
 she was so highly intelligent , and i never doubted her ability to achieve what she set out to do . 
 since sex was out of the question , i 'd resorted to cuddling up next to her to show her affection . 
 on this particular night she was being ridiculously distant . 
 within no time she 'd fallen asleep , not even really acknowledging that i was holding her . 
 it took a while for me to finally fall asleep . 
 i felt like my mind was running in a million places . 
 at the end of the day all i needed was in this room lying next to me . 
 she 'd probably never know how much she 'd changed me . 
 i just hoped that i could be the man she deserved . 
 cameron i pretended to be asleep so that he 'd leave me alone . 
 i knew it was a lie , and i hated reverting to that kind of action , but i needed space . 
 at the moment i was so repulsed by parker that i knew it would cause more harm to address it . 
 i woke up early , still uncomfortable being so close to him . 
 while parker slept , i got up and dressed . 
 his aunt would be making breakfast , and having her morning coffee . 
 sometimes we 'd sit out on the large front porch watching the hummingbirds come into the feeders they had hanging up . 
 they were amazing to watch in action , so quick and accurate . 
 i snuck out the door to our little apartment and walked down the path that lead to the farmhouse . 
 ford 's mother must have seen me approaching . 
 she walked inside and came out with a tray of pancakes and fruit juice . 
 `` good mornin ' , cameron . 
 i hope you 're hungry . '' 
 `` i am . 
 thank you . 
 it 's beautiful today , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` it sure is . 
 although , every day is beautiful to me . 
 i 've been through a lot of evil , so every single day is a blessin ' for me . '' 
 i could n't put my finger on the exact reason that i liked this woman so much . 
 parker had told me all about her previous addictions . 
 he 'd also explained how the family had brought her back from the brink of death . 
 it reminded me that no matter what the reason , they always stuck together . 
 it was that kind of support that i wanted my child to grow up knowing . 
 as i sat down to eat i felt fluttering in my stomach . 
 i 'd read that it was the first signs of movement during pregnancy . 
 i giggled , while putting my hand down over my bare skin . 
 `` i think i just felt the baby moving . '' 
 she smiled and folded her hands together , putting them up to her face . 
 `` that 's so excitin ' . 
 i 'll never forget feelin ' my kids movin ' around . 
 soon parker will be able to feel it too . '' 
 as the fluttering continued i became overwhelmed with excitement . 
 my baby was alive , and while still growing inside of me , i 'd felt that first sign of life myself . 
 i immediately began to cry . 
 all of my emotions were coming into play , reminding me how important every decision was going to be to my future . 
 just considering going back to my parents last night had filled me with regret . 
 this baby was alive , and it was mine . 
 there was no way i 'd ever be able to give it up willingly . 
 the route of running back home was n't an option . 
 since i was so angry with parker i knew i was going to have to address what i 'd discovered . 
 i could n't stay in that small apartment feeling like he 'd only betrayed my trust . 
 another problem that was bothering me was the fact that he 'd been struggling with getting back into the good graces of his family . 
 with my recent pregnancy changing things , i wondered if he 'd only changed his mind about becoming a parent because he somehow knew they 'd forgive him for his mistakes . 
 if that was the case than he was just using me and the baby . 
 i 'd never be able to accept that . 
 a little later i watched parker walking on the path toward the farm house . 
 i 'd been sitting alone for a while , trying to figure out the best way to handle this predicament . 
 my heart skipped a beat when he stood in front of me , leaning down to kiss me slowly . 
 i kept my eyes open , afraid that if i closed them i 'd be captivated by his actions . 
 i could n't lose myself in him , not until all of the cards had been laid out on the table . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 he sat down next to me . 
 `` okay . 
 you seem upset about somethin' . 
 is it your dad ? 
 i told you , he 's got no clue where we are . '' 
 i shook my head and stared down at my hands , hoping that i could be open-minded enough to hear him out . 
 `` parker , i love you , and i know i promised not to ask ever again , but as your wife-to-be , i think i have a right to know . 
 what 's the secret ? '' 
 i saw his body tense , as he looked out at the field next to us . 
 `` do n't start this again , cam . 
 everything 's good between us . '' 
 `` i want you to tell me , or there wo n't be a wedding . '' 
 my lips started trembling as the words came out of my mouth . 
 i had a grand to my name , nothing to show for , and a little one that was going to be born before i could n't make enough to prepare for him or her . 
 this was n't something i was taking lightly . 
 he scratched his head , shuffling around in his seat , showing me just how uncomfortable he was . 
 `` if i could tell you , i would . 
 trust me , it 's not just my secret to tell . '' 
 my left eyebrow cocked , as i peered right at him . 
 `` if it 's not your secret then why did it cause strain between you and your family ? 
 instead of lying to me , you need to come clean . 
 look at me , parker . 
 i 'm pregnant . 
 i 'm carrying your child . 
 do you really want to risk me leaving for a secret ? 
 you can trust me . '' 
 he stood up and placed his hands inside of his pockets . 
 i watched as he refused to face me as he spoke . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 immediately , before i could react myself , he was on his knees in front of me . 
 `` cam , please hear me out . 
 this has nothin ' to do with us . 
 do n't walk away from our future . 
 i 'm beggin ' you . 
 do n't take my kid away . '' 
 i could n't help it . 
 i started laughing loudly . 
 `` i 'm just curious , is that the same sentence you said to ashley when she told you she was pregnant , or did you know immediately that you did n't want them ? '' 
 his face turned white . 
 parker 's shock caused him to lose his footing . 
 he leaned back against the porch railing and covered his face . 
 `` this is n't happenin ' . '' 
 i stood up , getting as close as possible without touching him . 
 `` oh it is . 
 you see , if you want to keep a secret from me , it 's probably best if you turn off your damn phone before climbing into a car with the mother of your twins . '' 
 i watched my tough football player boyfriend fall to shambles in a matter of seconds . 
 he fell to the ground , kneeling before me , reaching for my waist . 
 i let him hold me , but was n't by any means finished with this conversation . 
 `` did you really think it was a good idea to lie to me ? 
 were you never going to tell me ? '' 
 `` it 's not like that , cam . 
 it 's not just me that could get hurt . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? 
 do you really think i 'd want to hurt your brother and ashley ? 
 they 've been nothing but nice to me ever since i met them . '' 
 it bothered me that parker treated me like an outsider . 
 i knew it was because of this secret . 
 `` i 'm so disgusted with you , parker . 
 you 've known about those twins since we started dating . 
 the whole time we 've been together , every time you took me to bed , each and every night we laid together planning our future , you knew you had twins by another woman . '' 
 i had to get away from him , before i let my knee come up and kick him in the face out of sheer anger over all of this . 
 i do n't even know if it was my pregnancy hormones fueling this . 
 i think that i 'd never felt so betrayed in my life . 
 `` just let me explain , babe . '' 
 i pointed toward him as i backed away . 
 `` do n't you dare call me babe . 
 i ca n't even look at you without my skin crawling . 
 our whole relationship has been a lie . 
 how could i have been so naive to let you back in ? '' 
 `` we love each other , '' he pleaded . 
 `` you love me . 
 i know you do . 
 we can get through this . 
 just sit down and let me explain . '' 
 `` there 's nothing you can say that i do n't already know . 
 i 'm fully aware of what you gave up , and your reasoning for doing it . 
 i also know that you were happy when we started dating , which tells me a lot about the person you really are . 
 never once did you seem conflicted about anything . 
 you 're either a great actor , or a heartless ass ** le . 
 either way , i do n't know if i 'll ever be able to forget that . '' 
 i began walking down the path with a plan to lock him out of the apartment for a little while . 
 i needed space . 
 all of my emotions were causing my head to hurt , and my heart rate to increase , neither of which were good for my baby . 
 `` cam , wait . 
 where are you goin ' ? '' 
 i could hear him following me . 
 by this time tears were steadily falling down my face . 
 i 'd tormented myself with this truth for the whole night , and now i could n't contain the sheer pain it had brought me . 
 `` i need to get away from you . 
 i ca n't look at you right now without hating you . 
 leave me alone , parker . '' 
 `` babe , cameron , please do n't do this . 
 do n't shut me out . 
 you do n't understand . 
 our baby is n't the same . 
 i want to be a father . 
 i swear i do . '' 
 his voice was breaking , letting me know how much despair he was in . 
 i could n't turn around , because i knew i 'd want to comfort him . 
 i could n't let him see me weak . 
 `` just leave me alone ! '' 
 i whispered . 
 by the time i 'd made it to the steps i no longer heard him behind me . 
 i refused to look back to see where he was . 
 i knew he was crying , which broke me into pieces . 
 that was the man that i loved more than anything . 
 i 'd given up everything to be with him . 
 now i was carrying his child , and with the revelation of his past lingering in my mind , i wondered if anything would ever be the same . 
 it was n't hard to fall on the bed and lose myself to my own confusion . 
 i was a wreck and could n't fathom how he 'd gone for so long without seeing those twins . 
 what kind of man could sit there knowing they were his without regret ? 
 how could he look at me with that smile without breaking down ? 
 is n't that what a normal sane human being would have done ? 
 as the hours passed i 'd come up with no resolution . 
 my heart was shattered , and i could n't come to terms with what the future held for me . 
 all i knew was that i still loved parker . 
 i was angry ; so angry that i did n't want to be around him , but i still loved him . 
 a knock on the door caught me off guard . 
 it was in the middle of the afternoon , so i figured it was either parker 's aunt , or maybe even his mom . 
 i opened the door and the person staring back at me finally gave me that reason i needed , to want to stay . 
 unfortunately , it was too late . 
 chapter 28 parker after the falling out with cameron , i went straight to work . 
 my dad picked me up at the shop , immediately seeing that i was n't in any real shape to be productive . 
 once we 'd reached his place of business he put the truck into park , but did n't get out of the vehicle . 
 `` what 's going on with you , son ? '' 
 `` cameron knows about the twins , dad . 
 ashley picked me up from college yesterday , and apparently i butt dialed her . 
 we were discussing the twins , and she heard everything . '' 
 `` damn . 
 what were you and ashley saying ? '' 
 i knew he wanted details , because he did n't trust me . 
 `` she wanted to make sure that i was n't going to be a problem for her and shayne , seeing as cam 's pregnant . 
 i think ash was just scared that i 'd go back on my word . '' 
 `` son , i hate to say it , but you 've made your bed . 
 the consequences are finally coming full circle . 
 it 's up to you to make things right . 
 i wish i could help you , but i ca n't . 
 honestly , i do n't even know if i have any good advice to give . 
 this is what your mother and i were afraid of . 
 how are you ever supposed to go through life knowing they 're your children ? '' 
 i covered my face , breaking down right in front of my father . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 i cried , so hard that i could feel my body shaking . 
 this was n't just because cameron knew my secret . 
 no , this pain was deriving from almost three years of buried guilt . 
 my mind filled with becca and eli . 
 i 'd watched them growing , silently from the sidelines of my own sad life . 
 i 'd seen my own eyes in theirs . 
 had it not been for shayne and i having the same features the whole world would have known the truth . 
 my dad put his hand on my shoulder , but it did n't help with my breakdown . 
 nothing could have helped me . 
 he was right . 
 i 'd made my bed and now i had to lay in it . 
 i 'd given up all parental rights , acting like an ass ** le when all ashley wanted was my support . 
 she did n't beg me to marry her , or even be a father . 
 all she wanted was me to be civil . 
 instead i 'd been terrible . 
 i 'd pushed her away , calling her names that were n't true . 
 we 'd both been on that beach together . 
 it was n't her idea , or mine . 
 what happened was n't planned . 
 it came from a ton of alcohol , and being lonely . 
 i saw her as a drunken conquest , and she just wanted to feel like someone in the world wanted her , because she 'd just lost ford . 
 that next morning , when i realized what had happened , and my brother helped us cover it up , i should have known better than to think it was over . 
 i think from the moment i found out she was pregnant i 'd been in denial . 
 i figured that if i did n't want them then nothing in my life would change . 
 i could continue with school , date my beautiful girlfriend , and move forward , while ashley became a mother , and finally a wife . 
 my father was right about the full circle . 
 everything that i 'd swept under the rug was showing it 's ugly face now . 
 i had no legal rights over the twins , and because of my love for my family , i never would . 
 that ship had sailed , and my brother had stepped in . 
 the twins belonged to him now , and as much as i knew they 'd be taken care of , i realized that i 'd never be able to experience the love that shayne would have with them . 
 eli would never come to me for advice with girls , or when someone picked on him . 
 i 'd never be able to say that becca was a daddy 's girl , because the idea of shayne being her father was like a dagger being driven into my heart . 
 after all this time that had passed it was clear . 
 i 'd have to watch them grow up , knowing that i could have been their everything . 
 i would have made it work , somehow being the man that they needed me to be . 
 my chance was long gone , leaving a constant hole in my heart . 
 the secret was n't what i 'd been afraid of telling cameron . 
 it was the truth that i could n't bear to share with her . 
 it was the utter regret of making the wrong choice . 
 i 'd been a coward , and i deserved to lose everything . 
 i do n't know how long we stayed out in the truck . 
 my father never left my side , though he remained quiet during the whole breakdown . 
 i think silently he was smiling , knowing he 'd been right about this the whole time . 
 his pushing me away had n't been from anger . 
 it was disappointment . 
 he knew what it was like to love a child , and hated the idea that i 'd been so easy to give it away . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , dad . 
 you were right . 
 i ca n't stop lovin ' them . 
 i ca n't look at them and not see myself . 
 they 're mine and they 'll never know it . 
 how am i ever going to live with it ? '' 
 i cried , so hard that i felt like my head would explode . 
 it was n't normal for me to lose control . 
 i never cried , and the fact that this had all exploded in my face let me know just how serious it was . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` you 've got to look forward . 
 that 's the first step in getting through it . 
 i know it 's hard . 
 i feel your pain , but you 've got to be able to accept that there 's things in life we ca n't change . 
 we 've got to learn how to deal with what we 've been given . 
 cameron 's a good girl , and you 've got a second chance to be the kind of father a child would be proud of . '' 
 `` i want that . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 this whole pregnancy had n't just opened my eyes to the past , it was giving me an opportunity to be the person that my parents had raised . 
 it had matured me . 
 `` i really do . '' 
 `` i suggest you figure out a way to make things right with her then . '' 
 his wise words rang true in my mind . 
 i needed to find a way to make-up with cameron . 
 she meant everything to me , and i could n't imagine losing her . 
 i had to convince her that i was already in love with our baby . 
 `` i 'll give her some time to calm down . 
 when you drive me i 'll know what to say to her . 
 i 'll make this right . 
 i have to . '' 
 cameron this could n't be happening to me . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 the man in front of me was n't too keen on my response . 
 his grimace allowed me to be prepared for whatever he had to say . 
 `` are you going to invite me inside of this shack you 're residing in ? '' 
 i backed away from the door , ashamed that the bed was n't even made . 
 he entered and looked around , before turning his glare back toward me . 
 `` this is the epitome of an apartment . 
 is this the life you want ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's temporary . '' 
 `` it 's pathetic . 
 you 're being irrational , cameron . 
 the car is running downstairs . 
 gather your belongings and come with me . 
 i 'm taking you home , and having your doctor check you for parasites . '' 
 he looked around the room . 
 `` i 'm sure there are roaches crawling all over this place . 
 it pains me to see you in these conditions . '' 
 i placed both hands on my hips . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 it was difficult for me to argue with my father , especially after fighting with parker . 
 we 'd left things unsettled . 
 `` you will come with me , or i 'll make sure to cause parker and his football career serious problems . '' 
 `` go ahead and try . '' 
 `` you think that i ca n't make a hefty donation and persuade the scouts to look in a different direction ? '' 
 his threats were true . 
 i knew he had the power to manipulate people . 
 i 'd seen him do it before . 
 `` please do n't . 
 i love him . 
 we just want to be together . '' 
 `` i will not have my daughter living in these type of conditions . 
 pack your things or else i 'll pack them for you . '' 
 i placed my hand on my stomach , reminding myself that it was n't just me anymore . 
 `` you 're too late . 
 i ca n't have an abortion . 
 you 'd be risking my health . '' 
 `` it 's not too late for adoption . 
 i 've already called my associates to have them look for a proper family . 
 the child will grow up wanting nothing , as you have . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you take my baby . 
 i 'm an adult . 
 it 's my right to keep it . 
 get out of here , before i call the police . '' 
 i was n't leaving , and no matter what he threatened , that was n't going to change . 
 my dad pulled out his phone . 
 right away he was on the line with someone . 
 `` this is evan hynson . 
 i 'm calling to report a theft . 
 my vehicle was stolen by my daughter 's ex-boyfriend . '' 
 in one swift blow , i sent his cell phone flying across the room . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` your car has been taken to the frat house . 
 you can break my phone , but it wo n't stop me from reporting it stolen . 
 i 'll be making a complaint as soon as i leave here . 
 they wo n't have any problem arresting him , being that his fingerprints are all over the place . '' 
 i thought about parker going to jail for something he did n't do . 
 it would ruin his chances of having a career in football . 
 i waved my hands in the air , frantically struggling with what to do to protect him . 
 `` i 'll go with you . 
 just leave parker out of this . 
 i need your word . 
 promise me that you wo n't damage his chances . '' 
 he motioned toward the door . 
 `` gather your things and i 'll never make that call . '' 
 i did n't have a choice . 
 if i refused to go with my father he was going to be a threat to parker . 
 even though i was angry with him , i could n't let my dad hurt him . 
 i loved him too much to hurt his chances . 
 i closed my eyes as i spoke . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll go home with you . '' 
 my lips were trembling as i sealed my fate . 
 there was nothing i could do . 
 even if i screamed and ran , he 'd still hurt parker . 
 i grabbed my bag , throwing a few things inside . 
 `` let 's just go . '' 
 he led me outside , looking around for witnesses before walking me down the metal steps . 
 just like he 'd said the car was waiting for us . 
 as i stepped inside i looked back at the small apartment that i 'd been sharing with parker . 
 i 'd never realized that i loved it so much , until we began to pull away . 
 chapter 29 parker it took me a while to get my shit together enough to be able to work . 
 i did n't do much , not that my father complained . 
 he invited my mom to have lunch with us , and we all openly discussed how to make things right with cameron . 
 it was going to be a long road before i had her forgiveness , but i knew she loved me . 
 i was willing to do whatever it took to convince her that i needed to proceed with marrying her , not because i had to , but because it was all i wanted . 
 believe it or not , lunch with my parents was n't all that bad . 
 i felt like a weight had been lifted off of me . 
 of course , none of this meant that i 'd ever be able to go back and change things , but i was content enough to know that being an uncle to the twins was better than being nothing . 
 shayne wanted me around , and i appreciated that more than he 'd ever know . 
 our family had come a long way . 
 now i just needed to show that to cameron . 
 since this was such a huge issue for her , i decided to call and let ashley know what was going on . 
 she answered after the third ring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hey , it 's parker . 
 i need to tell you somethin' , and i do n't want you to freak out . '' 
 `` i 'm listenin ' . '' 
 `` cam knows the truth . '' 
 `` you told her ? '' 
 i could hear concern in her voice . 
 `` not exactly . 
 i butt dialed her while we were talkin ' yesterday . 
 ash , she heard everything . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 no , no , no . 
 this ca n't be happenin ' . 
 how did she take it ? '' 
 `` not good , you can imagine how upset she is . '' 
 `` that 's why she did n't want to come over last night . 
 i 'm sorry , parker . 
 i did n't mean to cause problems for you . 
 she 's been through enough already . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 it really was n't . 
 ash had every right to ask questions . 
 she 'd been through enough herself not to have to worry about me being a problem . 
 `` we both said things . 
 i should have told her from the beginning . '' 
 `` what are you goin ' to do now ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm plannin ' on explainin ' everything tonight . 
 she 's got to hear me out . 
 cam 's pissed , but she 's also compassionate . 
 she wo n't be settled until she knows everything . 
 i can only hope that after i 've explained she still wants to be with me . 
 i tell ya , i ca n't lose her now . 
 i 'll fight for her forgiveness if i have to . '' 
 `` i 'm real sorry . 
 if you need me to talk to her i will . 
 i 'm not sure she 'd want to though . 
 if i were her , i 'd be a little jealous , not because i 'm a threat , but because we were together . 
 you and i know that we do n't remember the details of that night , but she does n't . '' 
 `` yeah , she 's definitely the jealous type . 
 i 'm sure it 's botherin ' her . 
 it 's probably best if i start with your breakup with ford . '' 
 `` i ca n't help you there . 
 there 's still parts of my memory that have n't come back . 
 i do n't want to seem like an idiot . '' 
 `` i 'll take care of it . 
 if she does want to talk to you , i wanted you to be prepared . '' 
 `` good luck with your talk , parker . 
 shayne and i will be here if you need us . 
 i know this probably does n't help , but we appreciate the person you 've become . 
 we want you to be happy . '' 
 i knew in some ways they wanted me to be happy because it gave them reassurance that i would n't do anything irrational when it came to the twins . 
 at the same time , i appreciated the sentiment . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 when we hung up i felt like i had backup . 
 there was no telling how cameron was going to react to our talk . 
 i 'd given her the whole day to calm down . 
 she knew me well enough to be prepared to talk it out . 
 neither one of us liked leaving things unresolved . 
 my dad dropped me off in front of the shop . 
 i waved as he pulled away , before starting the walk up the flight of metal stairs . 
 the whole time i was thinking about what to say to her first . 
 i had to make her understand that i was sorry . 
 she needed to know that i did n't hide the truth to spite her . 
 i did it to protect everyone involved . 
 i opened the door and looked around , not seeing her on the bed , or in the kitchen . 
 figuring she was in the bathroom , i walked over and peeked inside . 
 cameron was n't there either . 
 i called out her name , `` cam ? '' 
 nothing ! 
 since she obviously was n't with my mother , i was convinced she was at the farmhouse with my aunt . 
 i 'd had a hard day , and decided to take a shower to get cleaned off before facing my angry girlfriend . 
 she 'd probably be more forgiving if i did n't smell like rotten onions from sweating all day . 
 once i got out of the shower , i headed over to our shared dresser and pulled out some clean clothes . 
 it was strange , but i could have sworn that cam 's dresser drawers were full the day before . 
 since i 'd been so distraught , i shook it off to confusion . 
 i sat down watching the sports network , waiting patiently for her to walk in the door . 
 after another hour passed , i figured maybe she had n't seen me arrive home . 
 i decided to walk over to my aunt and uncle 's house to find her . 
 the sun was already starting to set in the horizon . 
 it reminded me of a time we 'd gone out for dinner , then parked and watched the sun go down behind a mountain . 
 it was a perfect night , and we 'd made love until the sun started to come up again . 
 i wondered if i 'd have that again . 
 she 'd still not been cleared to have sex , and even though i knew it was for her health , i hated waiting . 
 now she had another reason to reject me . 
 i walked inside of the old farmhouse , smelling something cooking immediately . 
 my aunt walked out of the kitchen with oven mitts on both hands . 
 `` hey , parker . 
 is cam back yet ? 
 dinner 's just about done . '' 
 `` is she back ? 
 i thought she was with you . '' 
 my aunt shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 some car came and picked her up earlier . 
 i just assumed that you knew where she was going . '' 
 panic hit me immediately . 
 `` what did the car look like ? '' 
 `` well , it was far away . 
 i supposed it was some kind of black sedan . '' 
 `` it was a jaguar . 
 i thought the person was lost , but he said he was here to pick up cameron , '' my uncle stated as he walked out of the powder room with a newspaper in his hands . 
 `` a jaguar . 
 are you sure ? '' 
 i was already shaking . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know my cars . 
 it was definitely a jaguar , why ? '' 
 `` shit . 
 that was cam 's dad . 
 did you see them leavin ' ? 
 was he forcin ' her in the vehicle ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 she got into the passenger side all by herself . 
 if i saw her strugglin ' i would have said something ' . 
 she seemed fine , parker . '' 
 `` i 've got to go . '' 
 i ran out of the house , desperate to find out what was going on . 
 once i was back inside of the apartment , i managed to find my phone . 
 i dialed the number , trying so hard to not freak out . 
 his voice filled the other end of the phone . 
 `` mr. hynson , may i please speak to cameron . '' 
 i had to keep my cool if i wanted to hear her voice , otherwise he 'd hang up . 
 `` why should i let you talk to her ? 
 you should be ashamed of yourself for keeping my daughter in those conditions . 
 it 's a good thing she called me to come get her . '' 
 i felt like shit . 
 cameron was so angry at me that she 'd called her father to come and retrieve her . 
 she did n't want to be with me . 
 `` she called you ? '' 
 `` that 's what i said . 
 my daughter is sleeping . 
 when or if she wants to talk to you , i 'll forward the message . 
 until then , i 'd suggest that you not call this number . '' 
 `` that 's my child she 's carryin ' . 
 i 've got every right to call her . '' 
 i heard shuffling and then muffled voices . 
 just as i was about to give up hope , i heard her voice . 
 `` parker ? '' 
 `` hey . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 it felt so good to hear her voice . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you took my father 's advice . 
 do n't call me anymore . 
 we 're through , parker . '' 
 `` we ca n't be through . 
 you 're carryin ' my child . '' 
 `` i 'm giving the baby up for adoption , and getting on with my life . 
 it 's for the best . 
 i ca n't trust you , and that 's never going to change . 
 i almost wish i never met you , so i did n't have to go through this pain . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 babe , please do n't talk like that . 
 is he makin ' you say these things ? 
 just answer yes or no . 
 i love you . 
 i wo n't let you give up our child , cam . 
 please tell me the truth . 
 tell me this is all to appease him . 
 tell me you still love me . '' 
 `` goodbye , parker . '' 
 she hung up with no explanation . 
 i knew i 'd hurt her , but to go to such extremes to rid herself of me without a good talk made no sense . 
 i knew cameron , and this was n't how she handled problems . 
 once again i felt myself breaking down . 
 i 'd thought that it could n't get any worse , but i 'd been wrong again . 
 cam had left me , and no matter what her reasoning , she 's asked me to stay out of her life . 
 i thought about our baby ; a child she 'd said she was giving up . 
 it made no sense . 
 i knew she was scared , but she loved that baby already . 
 why would she say that when she knew it was part of my big secret . 
 i was conflicted . 
 my aunt came inside of the apartment . 
 i turned to face her as she spoke . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 do i need to call your dad ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 cam left . 
 she said she 's givin ' our kid up for adoption and she 's done with me . '' 
 my aunt sat down next to me , placing her hand over mine . 
 `` i find that hard to believe . 
 she felt the baby movin ' this mornin ' . 
 i saw the light in her eyes when it happened . 
 there 's no way she 'd make a decision so quickly after that tender moment . 
 are you sure she 's just not angry about somethin' ? 
 perhaps you made her angry enough to want to scare you ? '' 
 i sat there replaying our conversation in my head . 
 cameron was highly intelligent . 
 if she 'd been lying to protect me from something then there would have been a hint in our conversation . 
 that 's when it hit me . 
 even if cam was furious with my past , she would n't have told her parents . 
 instead , she would have made something else up . 
 if she was threatening to give the baby up for adoption it would please her parents to be rid of me . 
 as angry as she was , she never would have threatened me with that , not after knowing about the twins . 
 this had to be a sign . 
 she had to be sending me a message in that conversation . 
 again , she 'd not answered yes or no . 
 that was another clue , and had i not known my girlfriend so well i would n't have figured it out . 
 `` i need to go . '' 
 my aunt stood up with me . 
 `` where are you goin ' ? '' 
 `` to get my girlfriend back . 
 her dad 's holdin ' somethin' over her head . 
 i do n't know what it is , but i 'm willin ' to bet it has to do with me . 
 i 'll be damned if he 's goin ' to tear us apart . '' 
 `` parker , do n't do somethin' you 'll regret . 
 you 've got a chance to make it big , boy . 
 do n't mess it up . '' 
 i kissed her on the cheek . 
 `` i appreciate that , but i 'm startin ' to see that there 's more important things in life than professional football . 
 i 've got a child on the way , and i 'm goin ' to be there no matter what i have to give up . '' 
 chapter 30 cameron this could n't be happening to me ; not like this . 
 i may have been angry , but i did n't want parker to think i hated him . 
 while speaking to him on the phone i had to be careful with my words . 
 my dad stood over me , watching me like a hawk to its prey . 
 i could only hope that parker read between the lines . 
 he had to know this was n't my doing . 
 if i would have left him i 'd have left a note . 
 i 'd have heard him out before doing something so desperate . 
 he knew how i felt about my parents . 
 they were the last two people on the planet that i wanted to be around . 
 `` i hate you for this . 
 i hope you know that . 
 you can throw whatever you want at me , but i refuse to let you win . 
 i 'm not going to law school . 
 your high hopes of me taking over the family business are long gone . 
 do i make myself clear ? 
 i 'm done with you . 
 you 've ruined my life . 
 you 've taken away my childhood , and now you 're destroying my chances of happiness . 
 this unforgivable act is the reason that you 'll never be a part of my child 's life . '' 
 `` this is just you being angry . 
 you 'll come to your senses . '' 
 `` screw you ! 
 screw both of you . 
 i despise you . 
 you 're not parents . 
 this is not a government . 
 it 's my life . 
 the day i turned eighteen i had a choice . 
 you 've got no hold over me . '' 
 `` do n't force me to have that boy put in jail . '' 
 `` i 'm here to protect him . 
 do n't you see that ? 
 i 'd die before i let you ruin him . 
 he 's a good man , and i 'll love him for the rest of my life . 
 this baby inside of me is proof of that . 
 do what you want to me , but you 're not touching my child , and i 'll be damned if you 're hurting parker . '' 
 this was my life , and i was n't going to be told what was supposed to happen . 
 they were n't taking away parker 's dreams because of me . 
 i 'd push him away to keep him safe , and when the time is right , i 'd break free . 
 i retreated to my room after the conversation , hoping and praying that mary , our housekeeper would somehow help me escape again . 
 my parents were very mistaken if they thought they had any right to adopt out my child . 
 i was a grown woman , and this was my choice . 
 i sat in my room , writing a letter to parker . 
 he needed to know that i wanted what was best for him . 
 i 'd fight to protect our baby , but i wanted him to succeed with his football career . 
 i would n't be their prisoner forever . 
 once i knew parker was out of danger , i 'd find him and we could be a family , if he still wanted me . 
 i knew that after my baby was born everything would change . 
 i may have been temporarily stuck , but it was n't going to last forever . 
 dear parker : i hope this letter finds you well . 
 if you 're receiving this then it 's probably been a while since we last spoke . 
 i 'm sorry for the hardships that you 've endured after my departure . 
 if i had a way to go back in time perhaps i would have done things differently . 
 i never meant to hurt you , or lead you on . 
 this pregnancy caused us to act so quickly . 
 i 've never seen myself as anything except a lawyer , but that 's all changed now . 
 you were right about everything . 
 i never wanted to be an attorney . 
 in fact , i never really wanted to be anything . 
 it 's taken this pregnancy to prove that to me . 
 you see , feeling our baby moving inside of me has only showed me my true calling . 
 somehow , or someway i 'm going to be a mother . 
 i 'm going to love our child , like i was never loved myself . 
 i 'm going to give our baby the best life i can , showering him or her with so much affection . 
 i 'm going to let them play with other children , and use their imaginations to create magical lands where they live happily amongst the many friends they 've made . 
 i know you do n't understand why i left . 
 it pains me to say this now , but it was for you . 
 i could n't let my father threaten your future . 
 he said he 'd take away your dreams , and since he 'd already destroyed mine , i could n't let his power do that . 
 parker , i may not understand your past choices , and i may still be angry with you for holding that secret , but my love for you will never have ceased . 
 i 'll wake up every morning wanting to be in your arms , and i 'll go to sleep each night loving you with everything i have in me . 
 you 've taught me how to love unconditionally , and i promise that i 'll pass that on to our child . 
 please save a place for us in your heart , because once i know you 're safe , we 'll be back . 
 just be patient , parker . 
 i love you , cam with teary eyes i folded up the letter and sealed it in an envelope , before hiding it between my mattresses . 
 i 'd find a way to mail it to him , so he 'd know that i had n't given up on us . 
 if i knew parker like i thought i did , he probably already be on his way to rescue me . 
 i knew i would n't be able to leave , but at least i could give him the letter , where i 'd poured out my heart to him . 
 knowing how important football was to him , he 'd probably back off , allowing me that time i needed to get away from my parents . 
 all i could hope was that his intentions to be a family were pure . 
 if that was the case than he 'd wait for me . 
 if not , he 'd move on . 
 i 'd still raise our child as i 'd stated in the letter . 
 the first couple of hours after our phone conversation gave me time to think . 
 i 'd been so upset about my father finding me that i had n't had time to think about what was really bothering me . 
 the secret . 
 i knew i 'd forgive him . 
 that was never really a question . 
 at first i may have been in utter shock , but as soon as this new catastrophe came into play , i 'd realized what i could be giving up . 
 parker loved me . 
 that was the difference . 
 we 'd made a baby out of love , and we 'd already planned to have a future together . 
 this pregnancy was n't the result of a one-night stand . 
 it was two people that were so connected that nothing could tear us apart . 
 parker had to know that 's how i saw us . 
 he had to know that i was lying on the phone . 
 both of my parents attempted to talk to me throughout the evening , but i refused . 
 i 'd said all there was to be said . 
 we were n't a family , and we never had been . 
 they were controlling people , who 'd had a kid for the sole purpose of carrying on the family name . 
 it was humiliating . 
 after spending forty minutes trying to unravel four screws with only my fingernails , i let the small door that covered the access panel fall to the floor . 
 i knew for a fact that there was an old landline phone up there somewhere . 
 while they slept , content that i was locked in the confines of my room , i located the device . 
 it took me a few more minutes to slowly climb down safely . 
 it was even harder to slide my nightstand across he hardwood floor without making a sound . 
 inch by inch i made enough space to insert the cord into the outlet . 
 the sound of a dial tone made me giddy . 
 i was n't going to have to give parker that letter , because i 'd be able to tell him how i felt myself . 
 it was the happiest i 'd felt in the past twenty-four hours . 
 i dialed his number , praying he 'd answer . 
 as soon as i heard his voice on the other end i began to cry . 
 `` hello ? 
 cam is that you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i whispered . 
 `` tell me it 's not true . 
 tell me you did n't call them . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' i quietly sobbed . 
 `` i swear . 
 i do n't know how he found me . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 all i care about is gettin ' you home . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm calling . 
 you ca n't come , parker . 
 he 's threatening to ruin your football chances . 
 i ca n't let you take that chance . '' 
 god , it hurt me so much to tell him to stay away . 
 `` cam , i do n't care about football . '' 
 `` yes you do , '' i calmly argued . 
 `` this is your future . '' 
 `` you 're my future . 
 do n't you get that . 
 i do n't want any of it without you . 
 god , i thought you left me today . 
 i felt like i 'd ruined everything . '' 
 `` i walked away because i wanted time , not because i wanted to walk away from what we had . 
 my dad showed up and it all happened so fast . 
 he threatened to report my car stolen . 
 he said he 'd somehow dropped it off at the frat house , and that with the amount of your fingerprints he 'd be able to have you locked up . 
 i wo n't let him have you arrested for grand theft . '' 
 `` fuck him . 
 i 'm comin ' to get you . 
 we 'll get through all of this together . '' 
 `` parker , please calm down . 
 i have a plan , but it 's going to take time . 
 i need you to trust me . 
 in the meantime i can call you from this phone . 
 i climbed up in the attic through my closet and found it . '' 
 i was actually proud of myself for figuring out a way to communicate with him . 
 `` i do n't like this , cam . 
 you belong here with me . 
 we 've got issues that we need to resolve . '' 
 `` i know . 
 we will , i promise . '' 
 i heard his voice changing on the other end of the call . 
 `` i deserve this , cam . 
 i deserve all of it . '' 
 parker had begun to cry . 
 i could feel his pain radiating through the phone . 
 `` i was n't ready to be a father . 
 we spent one drunk night together , and neither of us even remembered the details of it . 
 i did n't like her , and she did n't like me . 
 it was a terrible mistake , i swear . '' 
 `` you do n't have to explain . '' 
 his pain was making me get choked up . 
 `` we can talk about this later . '' 
 `` no . 
 you need to hear it now . 
 i ca n't spend another second livin ' with this guilt . '' 
 he sniffled before continuing . 
 `` i did n't want to believe that she was pregnant . 
 at first i pretended it was n't happenin ' . 
 she wanted to get with ford , and told everyone he was the father . 
 it worked for a while , so i put it out of my mind . 
 then shayne came to visit me at college . 
 he knew the truth , and it pissed me off . 
 i was n't willing to give up my life for one night . '' 
 he paused and i heard him breaking down . 
 i wanted nothing more than to hold him in my arms as he told me the story . 
 `` i was a shitty person back then , cam . 
 i made my brother and ashley 's life hell . 
 i caused them problems , and almost allowed my actions to prevent both of them from raisin ' the twins . 
 after makin ' everyone hate me , i knew it was best to sign over rights to them . 
 shayne wanted to raise them as his own , and i was n't in any way prepared to be a parent to two children . 
 i thought i 'd made the right choice . 
 i love my brother , and i know he 's a great dad . 
 i 'm okay bein ' their uncle , but it hurts so much . 
 it 's f ** kin ' rippin ' me apart inside . 
 from the moment i found out about you bein ' pregnant it 's been killin ' me . 
 our child will have a brother and sister that they 'll never know about . 
 they 'll grow up bein ' cousins instead . 
 i hate it . 
 i hate what i 've done , and i know there 's no way to take it back . 
 it 's my burden alone . 
 ash and shayne have each other . 
 they get to be with my kids . 
 shayne gets to hold them , and hear them call him dad . 
 i 'll never have that with them . 
 i 'll never f ** kin ' have that . '' 
 he sobbed , harder and harder until i could n't understand anything he was saying . 
 i felt so worthless to not be able to be there for him . 
 this was n't the way i thought i 'd feel during this talk . 
 i thought i 'd be reluctant to give him the benefit of the doubt , but this was horrible . 
 parker was torn apart . 
 the secret was n't just to protect his brother 's family , it was to protect parker 's own sanity . 
 sure , at first he was n't ready to be a parent . 
 maybe he still was n't , but at least he was able to talk about it . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , parker . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 `` nobody does . 
 hell , i just realized it myself . 
 i 've been in denial . 
 i mean , i know my brother is a great dad . 
 it helped for a while , but now it 's clear . 
 i f ** ked up . 
 what 's done is done . 
 now i 'm worried that i wo n't get to know this child . 
 cam , i ca n't handle that . 
 i need you here with me . 
 i need to be there for this pregnancy , the delivery , even the creepy disgusting parts . 
 i do n't want to miss a minute . 
 please , say you understand . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 i was just too concerned about my ass ** le father . 
 `` i also ca n't have you in trouble with the law . '' 
 `` marry me , cameron . 
 i 've asked you before , but i 'm askin ' you again now . 
 if we 're legally wed they ca n't say shit . 
 run away with me and become my wife . 
 we 'll get through it as a team . '' 
 `` i told you before , and i 'll tell you now . 
 yes , i 'll marry you , parker hutchinson . 
 i 'd love to be your wife . '' 
 `` i 'm comin ' for you , babe . 
 hang tight . 
 i do n't give a shit if i have to climb up a ladder to rescue your ass . 
 we 're gettin ' you out of that prison once and for all . '' 
 `` you should come while it 's dark . 
 they 'll see you if it 's morning . '' 
 i was already preparing to leave . 
 `` just so you know , i was serious about the football thing . 
 it 's nothin ' without you in my life . 
 i mean that . 
 we 'll figure it all out . 
 if i 've got to take over my dad 's shop than i will . 
 nothin 's goin ' to stop us . '' 
 parker was on his way as soon as we 'd hung up the phone . 
 i pulled out the note that i was no longer going to have to send him . 
 with shaky hands i wrote one to my parents . 
 this was the last time they 'd hear from me . 
 my mind was already made up . 
 they 'd never been loving to me , and so i knew they 'd have nothing to offer my child . 
 they were both too narcissistic to care about someone other than themselves . 
 my baby would n't know that kind of selfishness . 
 dear mr. and mrs. hynson : i regret to inform you that i 'll no longer be needing a room at your residence . 
 though i appreciate the education you 've provided me with , i 'm unable to continue with the goals you 've set in place . 
 i 've been treated like a possession for entirely too long . 
 since becoming an adult , i 've learned that my life is mine to be in control of . 
 you may think you 're doing the right thing , but you 're very mistaken . 
 i 've fallen in love with someone , for all of the right reasons . 
 he looks at me like i 'm the only female on the planet , and when he holds me i 'm not afraid of anything . 
 i 'm guessing that neither of you have ever experienced something so powerful . 
 it 's a shame , because once you 've had that kind of love you know you 'll never let it go . 
 by the time you find this letter i 'll be gone . 
 you can do your best to find us , but i 'm sure you wo n't be able to accept the consequences of your own actions . 
 you see , i 'm going to be a mother ; one that adores her child , and lets them make their own choices . 
 i 'm going to hope that they will have plenty of friends , and a vivid imagination . 
 you may have kept me from a real childhood , but you wo n't have any say in your grandchild 's future . 
 most of all i 'm going to teach my baby what love is . 
 alongside of parker , we 'll do our best to provide for our family , even if we have to struggle to get it . 
 after all , it 's our love that will hold our family together . 
 if you 've ever loved me , even in your own way , please let me go . 
 i do n't plan on contacting you , and would appreciate it if you gave me the same decency . 
 it 's time for me to spread my wings and finally be free to live . 
 cameron chapter 31 parker i drove as fast as my car would go to get to cameron . 
 my father was n't too happy about picking me up in the middle of the night , but he knew it was important . 
 together we made the drive to pennsylvania to pick up cameron . 
 once we had her safe and sound , we 'd go to apply for a marriage certificate in maryland . 
 if all went as planned , we 'd be married in the next couple of days . 
 my hands were clammy on the steering wheel as i drove . 
 i could n't stop worrying about everything that could go wrong . 
 secretly i envisioned the old man coming out with a rifle , shooting me dead in front of his fancy fountain . 
 i shook my fears off , determined to get to cam . 
 `` she 's goin ' to be waitin ' for us . 
 i 'm hopin ' she 's able to walk out the front door , since her parents will be asleep . 
 just keep the car runnin ' . 
 i 'll climb the fence and signal her with the flashlight . '' 
 my dad laughed . 
 `` you seem like you 've done this before . '' 
 even i chuckled at his remark . 
 `` no . 
 i just watch a lot of television . 
 besides , i 've played this out in my head a dozen times now . '' 
 `` what if he calls the police ? '' 
 i had n't considered that to be an option . 
 `` dad , at this point i do n't care what he does . 
 he ca n't keep me from his daughter , or my baby . 
 this shit has got to stop . '' 
 my dad lifted up his phone and proceeded to be doing something so important that he could n't answer me . 
 `` what are you doing over there ? '' 
 `` i 'm buying two tickets to vegas . 
 you need to get married without him being in your business . 
 even if he suspects it , he 'll be too far away to stop you . '' 
 `` i 'll pay you back , '' i assured him . 
 `` consider it a wedding present . '' 
 i snickered . 
 `` it 's a deal . 
 look , i know you probably think i 'm crazy . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' he interrupted . 
 `` i 'm proud of you for doing this . 
 it 's a shame that cameron has to go through this , but i 'm proud of you for being responsible . 
 if that man thinks he can mess with you , i hope he 's prepared to mess with me too . 
 i 'm not having him ruin your life . 
 he 's not the lord . '' 
 `` he thinks he is . '' 
 `` yeah , well his god complex is about to be shattered . 
 you just go get that girl out of that house . 
 take her on a trip to vegas , buy her a nice ring , and then come home . 
 we 'll figure out the rest when you get back . 
 just so you know , your mother and i wo n't be angry if football does n't work out . 
 after seeing what cam 's gone through we want you to know that your life 's choices are yours to make . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 've got no idea what 's to come , but i 'm hopin ' for the best . '' 
 we pulled up outside of cameron 's house of prisonment a couple hours later . 
 hurling my body over the large gates were n't as difficult as i would have suspected . 
 i took the flashlight and stood under her window , flashing it until i saw the curtain opening . 
 only moments later i saw her coming from the side of the house . 
 she took my hand and we ran in the direction of the front gate . 
 cameron then led me to the side of the main entrance , where the rails were wide enough that she could fit through them instead of having to climb them . 
 `` i turned off the alarm , but they 'll hear it if i opened the gate . 
 come on before they wake up and check on me . '' 
 i did n't feel safe until we were in the car driving away from the estate . 
 we both sat in the back , her in my arms . 
 i refused to let go until we reached the airport . 
 cam turned and looked at me so confused . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` we 're goin ' to vegas to get hitched . 
 it 's dad 's idea . 
 we need to hurry . 
 our flight 's in an hour . '' 
 she seemed both shocked and excited . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 this old man gave me his credit card too . 
 i tried to warn him . '' 
 `` i 've still got my bank account . 
 we can stop at an atm and get more cash out . 
 he ca n't cancel anything without my permission . 
 i researched it online the last time this happened . '' 
 `` take the card just in case . 
 be safe you two . 
 call me when you get back . 
 i 'll come to pick you up . '' 
 my dad waved as we headed inside of the airport . 
 cameron had a small bag that i assumed had clothes in it , while i was going with what i was wearing . 
 i 'd buy clothes when we got there . 
 as long as we stuck to the plan , i did n't care if we wed naked . 
 the almost six hour flight was spent sleeping . 
 we both knew we were safe from her dad . 
 between the two of us we had three grand in cash , and my dad 's credit card . 
 he 'd paid for our flight , and a room package online , so we did n't have to worry about it . 
 i would have never believed that he 'd do something like that for me again , but he 'd obviously gotten over my mistakes from the past . 
 he wanted me to have a second chance , and all i wanted was to be with cameron . 
 most people planned their wedding around their careers . 
 they wanted to be financially stable before taking the leap into matrimony . 
 we both knew we were going against all of that by eloping . 
 still , i knew i 'd find a way to provide for them , just as my dad had done with us kids . 
 my dream was to be a professional football player . 
 i 'd worked really hard to make it happen , but now i saw what was even more important than that dream . 
 it was n't just my love for her , or the fact that she was carrying our child . 
 cameron was my future . 
 i knew it in the pit of my stomach , while my heart beat for only her . 
 cameron i was so nervous , yet so overwhelmed with excitement . 
 i 'd never been to las vegas , nor had i ever considered going there on little sleep to get married to the man i loved . 
 parker was on cloud-nine , gabbing the whole time we waited to board the plane , and finally until he 'd fallen asleep in the seat next to me on the large airliner . 
 i was n't used to such a long flight , but appreciated that the sun was rising as we touched ground . 
 i saw the grand canyon , before the pilot made the announcement that we were almost ready to land . 
 my eyes never left the window until we hit the runway . 
 since we did n't have anything in baggage claim , parker and i were able to exit the plane and head straight out to hail a cab . 
 he called his father to let him know we 'd arrived safely , after we 'd checked into our room . 
 since the whole vegas plan had been thrown together , we did n't even know what we needed to do , or where to go to get hitched . 
 i do n't know what other people in our situation did , but we hopped on a bus , and followed down the strip , taking note of all the wedding places , some even drive thru . 
 it was at that point when i realized that it did n't even matter . 
 our hearts were ready to become one . 
 it did n't matter if we were married by the king himself , or someone that could barely speak english . 
 as long as the documents were signed i would be content . 
 we stopped at the next place , agreeing to wait until that evening for our service . 
 after filling out the necessary paperwork , we headed out to sightsee . 
 i had no idea that he was doing it , but parker took me into a jeweler . 
 he was hell-bent on buying me something extravagant , until i explained that a simple band would suffice . 
 after all , i 'd spent my whole life getting extravagant gifts that meant nothing to me . 
 being his wife was more important than any of that . 
 after purchasing two matching white-gold bands , we spent the rest of our wait time playing the slots . 
 i 'd never experienced this before , so you can imagine my excitement when i actually won . 
 in the two machines i put money in , i won two thousand dollars . 
 parker seemed like he was shocked . 
 he said his parents never won anything when they 'd come here on vacation . 
 since i 'd won what we both considered big , we went out and splurged on something nice to wear for our nuptials . 
 i picked a white dress that did little for my growing baby bump , while parker chose a nice pair of slacks and a dress shirt . 
 we knew they 'd take pictures for us , and at least wanted to look nice in them . 
 finally , after a full day and little sleep , we held hands and walked back into the wedding establishment . 
 with strangers as our witnesses , parker and i were married . 
 it was amazing that it was all it took to get hitched , but i could n't have been more excited . 
 less than an hour after our ' i do 's ' , he was lifting me up and carrying me inside of our room . 
 i stood there , in the little white maternity dress , watching my husband approach me with determined eyes that i knew so well . 
 weeks had passed since my hospital visit , enough that we were sure it was safe if we took our time . 
 i had n't bled since a couple days after leaving the hospital , and after that my last doctor visit assured me that baby number two was n't in any danger . 
 i was still supposed to take it easy , but made the call just to be sure . 
 i think the doctor was a little shocked at me ringing her from las vegas , asking if it was safe to sleep with parker on our wedding night . 
 still , i think we were both still nervous about it . 
 parker pulled the dress over my head . 
 he sat it to hang on a chair , while unfastening my bra . 
 his eyes never left mine as he pulled my panties off at my feet . 
 i yearned to be with him , and there was no denying that he wanted the same . 
 he looked hungry , like he was starving for intimacy . 
 i could relate feeling that same pull to experience what it was like to make love to my husband . 
 we were n't used to not being able to have sex . 
 admittedly , this felt like it was the perfect moment to get back in the game . 
 i backed up on the bed , watching parker slowly remove his clothes . 
 he kicked off his pants and boxers together , before joining me on the mattress . 
 i gasped when he leaned in for our first full kiss . 
 his lips , so tender , caressed mine . 
 waves of emotions filled my senses as our tongues began to dance so synchronized . 
 our hands connected , intertwining together . 
 parker flipped us over , so that i was lying overtop of him . 
 i could feel his eagerness , and wanted nothing more than to be filled with his stiff erection . 
 `` make love to me . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . 
 you 're too important . 
 we can wait for that if we need to . '' 
 `` the doctor said it 's fine . 
 please . 
 you can be gentle . '' 
 he lifted me up off the bed , pulling me into the bathroom . 
 he turned on the shower , pulling me inside before i could oppose . 
 from there he pulled me into his strong arms . 
 his muscles flexed as he pulled me into his kiss . 
 i savored his tongue , and the way the water tasted as it splashed over our faces . 
 while the hunger continued to build , i could n't control my own actions . 
 i had n't meant to be so aggressive , but i could n't remember ever wanting him so badly . 
 `` i 'm so horny . '' 
 i shoved him against the hard tiled wall , breaking the distance between us . 
 `` if you wo n't make love to me , then i 'll just have to find a way to change your mind . '' 
 i dropped to my knees , taking him in one of my hands and shoving it between my lips . 
 his smooth skin filled my mouth as i bobbed my head , while sucking with medium force . 
 parker dug his hands into my hair and left them there as i worked on giving him pleasure . 
 i placed my thumb on the main vein that seemed to be a sensitive area . 
 as i stroked it with pressure , i could feel him reacting . 
 he pulled away from me , lifting me up to face him . 
 `` kiss me . '' 
 i did as he requested , knowing he 'd stopped me so he did n't finish too soon . 
 parker moved gradually down my body , kissing and licking me in all the right places . 
 he stopped momentarily at my ni ** les , sucking them hard enough to where i cried out . 
 he pinned my arms above my head , spinning me around and slapped on the base of my pu ** y. i leaned my forehead against the tile , feeling the throbbing beginning . 
 it was n't just the slapping that i liked . 
 the burn of that kind of action made my knees weak . 
 he shoved his finger inside of my ass , and then pulled it out abruptly . 
 i cried out , waiting for him to do it again . 
 the second time i felt him crouching down lower , until his mouth was on my pu ** y . 
 he rubbed my ass , while sucking on my lower lips . 
 i rocked my bottom over his mouth , allowing his tongue to traipse over my clit . 
 i 'd waited too long for this kind of attention . 
 as much as i wanted it to last , i cried out , losing myself to my own orgasm . 
 parker 's face lingered over my pu ** y , placing small kisses all over the outside . 
 he steadied me when he stood and pulled me against his body . 
 i watched him lick his lips as he began to talk . 
 `` i love makin ' you cum . 
 it felt good did n't it ? '' 
 i nodded , unable to talk as my lips brushed over his . 
 `` i want more , '' i admitted mid-kiss . 
 when he started to crouch back down i closed my eyes . 
 i could n't watch him licking my clit without losing immediate control over myself again . 
 i needed to savor the way it slid over my wet skin , and the sounds he made as he was sucking up the remainder of my last orgasm . 
 by the time we 'd made it to the bed , i could still feel my pu ** y quivering . 
 little touches caused me to jump , and his kisses only left me craving more . 
 i did n't know what had come over me . 
 here i was , feeling so horny that i could n't even stand up . 
 parker ran his hand over my little baby bump . 
 i felt like i looked fat and tried to cover up , but he tore down the blankets . 
 `` do n't . 
 you 're so sexy . 
 that 's my baby in there . 
 we made that together , and i 'll never be ashamed . 
 i love you , cameron hutchinson . 
 nobody will ever come between us again . 
 i promise . '' 
 we made love , slow , but passionately together . 
 after we 'd both climaxed , we fell asleep with our bodies mangled together . 
 i did n't care that we were in a city that never sleeps . 
 i was exactly where i wanted to be , in bed with my husband . 
 i held my hand up and looked at the band on my finger . 
 i belonged to parker , and we were going to make our own future . 
 i did n't have to be a lawyer . 
 the window of opportunity was open , and with all of my extra studies , i have plenty of options . 
 for now , we were safe . 
 we 'd have the whole summer to figure out school , and what would come next . 
 chapter 32 parker there had n't been another time in my life where i felt so happy . 
 she was safe in my arms , her belly a reminder of what we were fighting so hard to protect . 
 when we 'd return home there was nothing her father could do to tear us apart . 
 he could have me arrested for a crime i did n't commit . 
 he could take football away from me , but he 'd never take them ; my wife and our unborn child . 
 after all , he was just a man . 
 he 'd never know what it felt like to have a family that loved with their whole hearts . 
 he would n't know what it felt like to love his child so much that he 'd let them make their own mistakes , just because he knew he 'd be there to pick up the pieces if it did n't work out . 
 i was going to be that dad , and my baby was going to have the world at their feet . 
 it was n't surprising that cam and i spent the remainder of our trip in bed . 
 we ordered room service , and ate it in the nude . 
 we spent hours talking about the past , and how the twins had impacted my life . 
 i ca n't even explain how good it felt to have her comfort me . 
 i 'd been so afraid that i 'd lose her , and maybe i would have had it not been for the brutal mistakes of her parents . 
 maybe if cam had two loving parents she would have left me a long time ago . 
 in a way i was thankful that they were such ass ** les , because it allowed me to continue to have her heart . 
 once we returned from vegas , we went back to life as usual . 
 we drove together back to the college and took our exams with all of our classmates . 
 with summer upon us , we moved into the beach house , which was a lot more comfortable for my pregnant wife . 
 i was n't too far that i could n't still work for my dad and uncle to save up , so that we could find a place that we could raise our child in . 
 after the sonogram , we discovered that we were expecting a little girl . 
 it was bittersweet for me , experiencing all of this for the first time , even though i knew i could have done it before . 
 this was my second chance , and i was determined not to mess it up . 
 by july , we 'd found a little rancher near my parents . 
 it was a ten minute drive to shayne and ashley 's house , and about twenty minutes away from peyton and jamey . 
 on the weekends we 'd all head to the beach . 
 my mom and the females would cook , while us guys watched the kids . 
 i could n't wait to see my little girl come into the world , but appreciated that i had the opportunity to bond with the twins . 
 i knew they belonged to my brother , but they would forever have a special place in my heart . 
 i 'd promised to be the best uncle that they could ever want , and if anything happened to their parents , cameron and i would make sure they were taken care of . 
 shayne and i bonded , probably more than we had in the past . 
 i 'd like to think that somehow cameron had been the reason . 
 indirectly she 'd showed him and ashley that they had nothing to worry about . 
 my parents could n't have been more excited being surrounded by all of us . 
 it really was a special time in our lives that none of us would ever forget . 
 three months after our marriage , my parents threw us a reception . 
 cameron was so pregnant that i was sure she was going to explode . 
 nothing could have prepared either of us for when we started opening our gifts afterwards . 
 a card with only our names on the front was one of the last things we opened . 
 i 'd got up to get a drink , and heard cameron gasp . 
 she had a hand up to her face , as if she was in shock . 
 `` you 're not going to believe this , babe . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` this is from my parents . 
 it 's a check for a hundred and fifty grand . '' 
 `` no shit . 
 is there a note ? '' 
 `` yeah , it says ... dear cameron , your mother and i have given you the space and time that you asked for . 
 we 've respected your decision to marry parker , and have the child . 
 while it upsets us , we do realize that it is your life to live . 
 please accept this gift as a wedding present . 
 we hope you 'll use it to get a house that you can start out in . 
 as our only child we do hope you 'll allow us to see our grandchild . 
 when you 're ready you know how to get in contact with us . 
 love , dad and mom '' cameron stared at me , waiting for my response . 
 honestly , i was in shock . 
 her parents had made it clear that they despised me . 
 it was obvious they missed their daughter , but i could n't trust them . 
 `` babe , i 'll do whatever you think , but just know that i 'm still not over what they did to us . 
 it 's goin ' to take me more time to get over somethin' like that . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i agree . 
 i think they should suffer for a while longer . '' 
 it was the easiest decision that we 'd made so far as a couple . 
 the next one was picking out a starter house that we could raise our daughter in . 
 that also came pretty easy when the landlord we were renting from agreed to sell us the house . 
 since it needed some work , he gave a us a great price . 
 two months went by before it was legally ours , but at least we did n't have to leave with cameron being so pregnant . 
 our daughter , freya , was born on a thursday morning . 
 like my sister peyton , cameron invited the whole family to be in the room . 
 as reluctant as i was , i 'd changed my mind soon after when she started freaking out from the pain . 
 i knew i needed my mom and sister to comfort her in ways that only they knew how . 
 shayne stood alongside of me , watching and waiting . 
 finally , when it came time to push i could n't take my eyes off of what was happening . 
 i do n't even know if i blinked during the whole process of watching my daughter come into the world . 
 then , after cutting the cord , she was placed in my arms . 
 the world stopped spinning , as i looked down into those opened eyes . 
 i 'd already loved her , but this was unexplainable . 
 this was the most beautiful little thing i 'd ever seen in my life , and she was all mine . 
 `` hello there , little girl . 
 i 'm your daddy . 
 yes i am , '' i spoke like a child , making my voice high-pitched . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 i reached over and placed the little princess in her mother 's waiting arms . 
 cam looked toward me , just as i leaned down for a kiss . 
 `` we did it , babe . 
 she 's perfect . '' 
 `` i know , '' i agreed . 
 the family passed her around until they 'd all had a turn , and then finally we were all alone . 
 i looked down at my two girls , and felt like i was the luckiest man in the world . 
 cameron sometimes i felt bad about parker losing his scholarship because of what happened . 
 even though he said it no longer mattered , i did my best to try to make him proud of what we did have . 
 while i was still pregnant with freya , he 'd tried out for the baltimore ravens . 
 they kept him on until the first preseason game and then cut him . 
 i know it broke his heart , but some of the coaches had asked him to come back next season . 
 they 'd even given him pointers on what he had to work on . 
 in the meantime , parker focused on working with his dad , which also helped them rebuild their once broken relationship . 
 once our daughter was born , he changed . 
 even though he still worked out , i found that he spent more time with freya than he did on anything else . 
 from the moment he arrived home from work at night , she was his main focus . 
 it helped me out since i was still working on getting my degree in teaching . 
 with two more semesters left , i had a ton of studying ahead of me . 
 i never would have pegged my life changing so drastically . 
 given everything that we 'd dealt with , i had to say we were pretty blessed . 
 it was amazing how his family treated me like i was blood . 
 even though it took me a while , i was even beginning to build a relationship with ashley . 
 sometimes i still have difficulties seeing the twins as being shayne 's children , but i never made it obvious . 
 if parker was happy with the way life was , it was n't my place to voice an opinion . 
 no matter what , we were all family . 
 we 'd be able to watch them grow up , and celebrate every event in their life . 
 had they been put up for adoption that never would have happened . 
 it took me six months to allow my parents to meet freya . 
 even though i still had a ton of pent up anger , i knew it was important for them to meet the little girl that they did n't want me to have . 
 for the first time in my life i watched my mother cry . 
 she held her granddaughter and broke down . 
 it was the first sign of real love that i 'd ever seen her display . 
 as touching as it was , i still found myself protective of my child . 
 my father only held her for a moment , in which she screamed so loudly that i had to take her . 
 all in all it was a good visit , and a start to rebuilding whatever kind of relationship that we could ever have . 
 i was n't looking to be close to them , but i also wanted to be someone that my daughter would be proud of . 
 since everyone deserved a second chance , i agreed that i 'd visit , and see how it went after time . 
 i could tell they were still unhappy with my choice to change majors and become a teacher . 
 i had a child to raise , and wanted my summers off to be able to spend them with my family . 
 it was important to me to be able to spend as much time with my little girl . 
 i wanted to watch her experience every first , and i was n't going to hold her back from anything she dreamed . 
 i knew with parker by my side we 'd make it work , and there would be no more regrets . 
 the only thing we 'd have to worry about was finding the time to make more babies , because freya was going to need a brother or sister to play with very soon . 
