 chapter one ashley hanes smoothed her skirt and examined her worried reflection in the bathroom mirror . 
 it had been a hell of a year spent studying more than actually living , and she 'd never been more exhausted in her life . 
 of course , she 'd never been as happy , either , but the two kind of went hand in hand . 
 she 'd also been enjoying the independence that came with the single life , and tonight was definitely one of those nights . 
 because tonight she was really , really horny , and she had one goal and one goal only : find a man and bring him home with her for an unabashed , unhindered one-night stand . 
 it had been months since she 'd had any action . 
 she needed to scratch the itch before she plowed through a whole freaking pack of aa batteries in a month . 
 she knew her mission . 
 knew what she wanted . 
 she should be calm and collected and focused on finding a man . 
 and yet , she could n't even bring herself to leave the bathroom of the bar without panicking a little bit . 
 a toilet flushed behind her , and she turned on the faucet , trying to look as if she was n't loitering in the small bathroom for no apparent reason . 
 it was n't as if this bathroom was big enough for girls to hang out in . 
 it was tiny , just like the bar . 
 the green frog was a local joint that had a good mixture of locals and tourists , which was perfect for her get-laid-mission of the night . 
 but being back in rehoboth beach-her hometown-resurrected way too many memories of him . 
 ethan pierce . 
 he 'd been her best friend up until the new year 's eve of senior year when he 'd stopped talking to her . 
 she had n't seen him since graduation , but she knew he was in town at his parents ' house for the holidays . 
 but was it possible ... maybe ... that he would come here ? 
 her heartbeat sped up in anticipation of seeing his face . 
 what would she do if she saw him ? 
 how would she react ? 
 she did n't know why he still affected her after all this time . 
 all she knew was one day he 'd stopped talking to her . 
 stopped looking at her . 
 just stopped . 
 every day , he had walked by her in the hallway with that closed off expression on his face , as if they had n't been best friends only days before . 
 she had tried to get in contact with him every single day for months-calling , emailing , stalking even-until she finally got the hint and gave up . 
 she had no idea why , but he hated her . 
 even now , nine years later to the day , she had no idea what she 'd done to make him turn against her . 
 it did n't matter now . 
 she would n't let one jerk from her past ruin a potentially down and dirty night with mr. tonight . 
 whoever that turned out to be . 
 it was new year 's eve , for god 's sakes , and she was going to get laid . 
 l-a-i-d . 
 and ethan 's cold , stand-offish behavior-assuming he even showed up-wasn ' t going to stop her from getting some . 
 his problem with her was just that : his problem . 
 shaking off the past , she smoothed her hair , grabbed her purse , and left the bathroom . 
 the bar was incredibly crowded with men and women shouting into each other 's ears to be heard . 
 certainly she could find someone hot and ready for a little no-strings-attached action . 
 as she passed the bar , her friend rhiannon shoved a red tiara in her face . 
 `` put this on . 
 everyone needs to wear a tiara or a ridiculous hat if they want dollar drinks , so i stole the last of these for us . '' 
 ashley grimaced . 
 the red would clash horribly with her strawberry blond hair , but she slammed it onto her head anyway . 
 `` i guess i 'll suffer the indignity for the cheap drinks . 
 speaking of which ... where 's mine ? '' 
 `` right here . '' 
 rhiannon handed over some sort of concoction in a festive glass , her brown hair brushing the rim as she twisted . 
 `` so , do you see him ? '' 
 ashley choked on her first sip . 
 not a good sign of how tonight was going to go . 
 when she finally could breathe again , she managed to ask , `` uh , i 'm sorry . 
 did i see who ? '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 i know you heard ethan might be here , and i know it 's why you suddenly had to come , even though you 'd been planning on staying home and reading tonight , of all things . '' 
 rhiannon pointed a manicured finger at her . 
 `` i know you want to get laid and all , but the change of heart was way too abrupt to be a coincidence . 
 no one 's that horny . '' 
 ashley shook her head and tried to look innocent . 
 `` i have no idea - '' `` ashley , '' rhiannon said . 
 `` do n't even try to lie to me . '' 
 ashley blew out a frustrated breath . 
 `` oh , fine . 
 i 'd heard he might come from sharon , who talked to alex. but i do still plan on going home with a man tonight . 
 i shaved my legs and everything . '' 
 rhiannon nudged ashley with her elbow . 
 `` maybe you plan on it being ethan ? '' 
 `` puh-lease . 
 he ca n't stand me . 
 and i do n't think i 'm up for a few rounds of hate sex , even if it would end the longest dry spell in recent history . '' 
 ashley scanned the crowd and took a cautious sip . 
 `` but it does n't matter anyway . 
 i do n't see him . '' 
 was he still skinnier than her ? 
 did he still wear glasses two sizes too big for his face ? 
 did he still hate contacts ? 
 she had no idea . 
 and she did n't care , either . 
 right ? 
 `` maybe he shrunk or got fat or something . '' 
 rhiannon tossed back her drink and set down the empty glass . 
 `` it 's been nine years . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' ashley said . 
 `` i 'm sure he 's as dorky and cute as ever . '' 
 `` do n't you think it 's time to get over the ` one who got away ' syndrome ? 
 i mean , it 's not like you ever made a move on him in high school , though god knows it would 've been easy enough . 
 he wanted you so bad that he would 've blown his load the second you kissed him . '' 
 ashley snorted . 
 `` that 's not fair . 
 funny , but not fair . '' 
 ashley shrugged . 
 `` and do n't worry . 
 i 'm not making a move on him even if he comes . 
 not unless it 's my fist to his face because i 'm giving him hell for treating me like shit back in high school . '' 
 her friend squeezed her shoulder . 
 `` as upset as you are at him for not talking to you , it 's clear you never got over him . '' 
 `` i never got under him in the first place , '' she muttered . 
 and maybe that was the problem . 
 why she could never really stop thinking about him-even when she was mad . 
 they 'd never had a chance to see if their friendship could have been more . 
 if they could have been happy together . 
 she 'd been shy and focused on school . 
 he 'd been shy and completely unsure of himself . 
 they 'd never even kissed , for the love of god . 
 and they never would , damn it , because ashley was having hot and sweaty sex with someone else tonight . 
 someone who did n't know who the heck she was or what she did for a living . 
 someone who did n't know her at all . 
 yeah . 
 that would be perfect . 
 then she 'd be ready to tackle her new job as town doctor come january fourth . 
 in the meantime , she was getting started on her new year 's resolution early ... to end her obnoxiously long dry spell . 
 and i 'll forget about ethan once and for all . 
 ... when ethan pierce entered the crowded bar , he fought the urge to turn right back around and leave . 
 loud music and excessive amounts of alcohol had never been his scene , not even as a teenager . 
 he preferred the quiet solitude of the beach at night , when everyone else was busy getting drunk and being sociable . 
 but it was new year 's eve and even though he despised this town with an unparalleled passion , certainly he could find someone at the bar to spend the evening with . 
 someone who did n't expect more from him than he was willing to give . 
 and he was only willing to give the next few hours . 
 he had rules . 
 plans . 
 and none of them involved settling down . 
 never fall in love . 
 never get married . 
 never have kids . 
 and never , ever stay more than a week in this godforsaken town . 
 every time he came back home , he felt as if he took a step into a f ** king time capsule , back to a time he never wanted to relive . 
 a time when he 'd been a stuttering , scrawny , shy , and insecure kid . 
 but that was then . 
 this was now . 
 he moved toward the bar , scanning the room for a potential partner for the evening . 
 he hated spending new year 's eve alone-too many memories of an old high school rejection-so he had to move quickly if he was going to get someone in his arms by midnight . 
 the blonde by the left side of the bar looked promising , but she had already flirted with a guy who looked vaguely familiar . 
 the brunette had gone out with his brother a few times , so she was out , and the black-haired girl had been a bitch to him in high school . 
 he might not be that stuttering geek he 'd once been , but he had no interest in proving that to her , thank you very f ** king much . 
 he sighed and walked to the opposite side of the bar . 
 he hated this town and almost everyone in it . 
 he needed to get this holiday over with , spend a little more time with his family , and then get the hell outta dodge-and back to california come monday . 
 but first ... the girl . 
 ethan tugged on his shirt collar . 
 why had n't he worn a pair of jeans and a t-shirt to this damn thing , instead of khakis and a dress shirt ? 
 some things were not meant to be on a man like him-and a tie was one of them . 
 there was a reason he was an i.t. man in a laid-back company . 
 his eyes landed on a strawberry blonde facing away from him . 
 something about her reminded him of a time from long ago-and the unwelcome memory hit him harder than a kick to the nuts . 
 he clutched the flowers he held in his hand so tight it hurt . 
 white carnations , just like ashley loved . 
 they were so pure and clean . 
 like her . 
 he had just turned eighteen , and it was time to be a man . 
 make a move . 
 he was going to kiss her tonight , on new year 's eve . 
 he 'd been planning it for months . 
 he 'd written her a note . 
 she would be here , waiting . 
 and he 'd tell her he loved her . 
 he crested the hill , swiping his sweaty palm over his jeans . 
 his glasses slid down his nose , and he impatiently pushed them up . 
 he 'd tried to put in contacts tonight for her , but he 'd ripped the darn things in half with his clumsy fingers . 
 he was such a klutz ... but she did n't care . 
 she liked him anyway . 
 he still could n't believe it . 
 just like he could n't believe that tonight , he 'd be doing the one thing he 'd always been too scared to - he froze in his tracks , his heart stopping . 
 literally stopping . 
 ashley was there all right , but she was n't alone . 
 she was kissing roger hampton in their spot . 
 in their special spot , on new year 's eve . 
 his heart splintered into a thousand pieces . 
 he stumbled backwards , tripping on his own , oversized feet . 
 he fell flat on his ass , blinking back the tears in his eyes , and dropped the pristine white flowers in the wet sand . 
 all this time , she had been lying . 
 lying about not wanting a boyfriend . 
 she wanted one , all right . 
 it just was n't ethan . 
 he shook his head at his naivety , stood up , and bolted from the pain coursing through his chest . 
 he ran away from her , the image of her and roger burned into his brain . 
 he was done . 
 done . 
 he shook the memory off , rolling his shoulders in a circular motion . 
 that was a time better left in the past . 
 he 'd been eighteen and stupid . 
 he 'd treated her badly afterwards , refusing to talk to her even though she had n't done anything wrong . 
 she 'd been understandably hurt and angry . 
 after a while , she 'd stopped trying to talk to him , and he 'd never apologized . 
 he had been an ass in the first degree . 
 years later , once he grew up , he thought about tracking her down and apologizing to her . 
 by then it seemed too late . 
 and there was nothing he could do about it now , was there ? 
 but he could find a woman who would make him forget all over again ... and the one who eerily reminded him of ashley looked to fit the bill . 
 he did love strawberry blondes , after all . 
 he approached the woman , his eyes taking in her gray sweater dress and black tights . 
 she wore a pair of kick-ass red heels , and her hair flowed down her back in soft waves . 
 she looked as if she was here for the same reason as him , judging from the way her head turned from side to side as she scanned the crowd , her foot tapping in impatience as she sipped her drink . 
 she watched all of the men , studying them before passing on to the next . 
 as if she was analyzing them in the same way he was . 
 and that was the sign he was looking for . 
 game f ** king on . 
 as he got closer , his shoulders grew more tense . 
 she really reminded him of ashley . 
 last he heard , she was somewhere in d.c. pursuing her dream of being a doctor . 
 just like she 'd always wanted . 
 so , why would she be here , in the same bar ? 
 easy . 
 she would n't be . 
 he was being haunted by the ghost of new year 's past or some shit like that . 
 he brushed aside the sense of foreboding creeping up his spine , and tapped her shoulder with a smile on his face . 
 leaning close , he let his chest brush the woman 's back and lowered his head to ear level . 
 `` excuse me , but can i buy you a drink ? '' 
 she stiffened and turned around slowly , her hair tickling his nose . 
 she smelled like flowers and like ... like ... her . 
 a fist of desire slammed into his gut , almost making him fall back a step . 
 the second he touched her , he knew . 
 before he saw her face , he knew . 
 only one woman set him afire like that , and her name was ashley . 
 and after years of being a complete ass ** le to her ... he 'd just strolled on up and tapped on her shoulder like the f ** king idiot he was . 
 chapter two the breath slammed out of ethan 's chest while his stomach fisted in a tight coil of need . 
 her bright green eyes studied his face , dropped to take in his body , and then rose to meet his gaze with an unspoken challenge . 
 the way she looked at him , her mouth soft and her eyes boldly on his , told him she 'd changed as much as he had . 
 she screamed of ... confidence . 
 yes , that 's what it was . 
 she was confident , hot , and sexy . 
 that was how he would describe her now . 
 she 'd been sweet and somewhat quiet in high school-not as ultra-nerd as ethan but certainly not the homecoming queen , either . 
 she 'd been well-liked but not a ` notice me ' kind of girl . 
 yet , there was n't a damn thing about her that did n't attract notice tonight . 
 everything from the tip of her head to those spiked , red heels she wore screamed for a man 's attention . 
 and damn it all to hell , he was more than willing to be the man to provide . 
 her plump lips were tinted with pink gloss , begging to be kissed . 
 and her body ... curves once disguised underneath loose t-shirts and bulky jackets were now hugged by the soft cashmere of her dress . 
 teasing him , challenging him , reminding him of exactly what he 'd been missing all those years in high school . 
 fuck , he wanted to run his hands all over those curves . 
 a jolt of desire shot to his groin . 
 she looked tantalizing . 
 and he wanted to play . 
 his gaze fell on the ring finger of her left hand . 
 no ring . 
 she was n't married or engaged , thank god . 
 maybe he could finally get that new year 's kiss he 'd hoped for back in high school . 
 maybe he could even get a whole lot more . 
 then again , maybe she 'd slap him and throw her drink in his face for being such a dick . 
 he kind of deserved that , too . 
 `` hi , ethan , '' she murmured , licking her pink lips and watching him from under her lashes . 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 after she spoke , she bit down on her lower lip and stole a look at the woman standing next to her . 
 he did n't recognize her , but she was obviously ashley 's friend . 
 he widened his smile , determined to bullshit his way through this conversation as if he 'd known it was ashley all along . 
 as if he 'd intentionally tapped her shoulder and now was n't dying to turn around and walk away from the embarrassment of how he 'd acted all those years ago . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he rubbed his jaw and eyed her , not sure what the hell to say . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` funny that you ask that , considering you did n't bother to talk to me for the last half of senior year . 
 or any other time since then . '' 
 she gave him her back , glancing over her shoulder at him with a dismissive flick of her wrist . 
 `` but , hey , it was nice seeing you again . '' 
 he rested his hand on her shoulder . 
 even such an innocent touch made him want nothing more than to pick her up and carry her back to his place caveman style so he could show her exactly what she 'd been missing all these years . 
 what he 'd been missing . 
 and judging from the surprised flare of interest he saw in her eyes , she felt the same way . 
 `` okay . 
 i deserved that , '' he admitted . 
 she spun back around and rolled her eyes at him , but they were sparkling . 
 `` how magnanimous of you to be aware of your faults . 
 and here i thought you might be like every other man in the world and have no idea about them . '' 
 `` i 've never been ` one of the guys . ' '' 
 he dropped his hand from her shoulder . 
 `` but then , you already knew that , did n't you ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 she looked him up and down , her gaze scorching over his length . 
 `` but something tells me you do n't have such a hard time fitting in anymore . 
 not with those muscles . '' 
 he shrugged , his c ** k hardening when she zoned in on his belt buckle area as if she wanted to see if he 'd grown bigger under there , too , or some shit like that . 
 `` i do okay . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' she scoffed , tearing her eyes off of his dick . 
 `` now if you 'll excuse me ... ? '' 
 he should take the hint and leave her alone . 
 but this ashley was so different from the girl he 'd loved in high school . 
 he did n't know her anymore . 
 and he was damned intrigued to find out more about the confident , sexy woman she 'd become . 
 he 'd changed . 
 she 'd changed . 
 perhaps that meant they could put the past to rest and start something new . 
 `` can we talk ? '' 
 `` i 'm here for one reason tonight , and it 's not to talk to an ass ** le who wanted nothing to do with me back when he was supposed to be my best friend . '' 
 she flipped her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` and you 're cock-blocking me . '' 
 cock-blocking ? 
 so she was here for the same reason as he was . 
 yet , the idea of her seeking out someone else 's c ** k did n't sit well with him . 
 there was only one man for ashley tonight , and it was him . 
 `` come on . 
 ca n't you pretend to not hate me for five minutes ? 
 i 'll buy your drink , and then you 'll be free to walk away after i do my thing . 
 i swear it . '' 
 she looked down at her empty drink , then back up at him , her stunning features reflecting her skepticism . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' he reached out and tucked her hair behind her ear , watching as she flinched a tiny bit . 
 her curls were silky soft . 
 even softer than he 'd imagined , which seemed impossible . 
 all those years , as kids , he 'd wanted to do this . 
 touch her . 
 and now that he had the chance to finally touch her ? 
 he 'd be a fool to walk away from it . 
 `` please ? '' 
 he should be surprised at the level of lust she brought out in him , even after all these years , but she had n't just been a girl from his past-she 'd been the girl from his past . 
 maybe after tonight , he could finally lay his outdated obsession with her to rest . 
 `` yeah , i do n't think so . '' 
 she chewed on the corner of her lip and studied him , then shook her head slightly . 
 `` it 's been too long for you to come up to me and act like nothing happened . '' 
 `` i know ... '' eight years and six months , to be exact . 
 `` but what can i say ? 
 time flies when you 're busy being an ass ** le . '' 
 ashley 's choked on a laugh . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 did you just call yourself an ass ** le ? '' 
 `` if the shoe fits . '' 
 he held his hand out , stepping closer so his thighs brushed against her knees . 
 she did n't move away . 
 `` i 'll call myself worse names , too , if it 'll get you to agree to have that drink with me . '' 
 she looked at his offered hand , but did n't move . 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 he leaned in closer , his lips only a breath away from her ear . 
 `` yes . 
 and you can call me anything you want , too . 
 i 'm yours to yell at ... or whatever . '' 
 `` or whatever , huh ? '' 
 her hand rested on his bicep , burning through the thin fabric . 
 `` deal . 
 i 'll have a glass of pinot grigio . '' 
 he stepped back from her , his heart lurching . 
 he had a feeling she was giving the whatever portion of his statement serious thought . 
 thank f ** king god . 
 `` go sit at that table , and i 'll meet you over there . '' 
 he nodded at her friend . 
 `` it was nice seeing you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 nice seeing you , too . '' 
 as he headed for the bar , he heard ashley 's friend exclaim , `` that was dorky little ethan pierce ? 
 are you freaking kidding me ? 
 if you wo n't do him , i will . '' 
 he grinned and ran a hand through his hair . 
 interesting offer , but there was only one woman he had his eye on tonight , and she was currently spitting fire at him . 
 but even so , deep down he knew ... one way or another , tonight was going to be epic . 
 ... at the table , ashley watched ethan make his way through the crowd , with two glasses in one hand and a whole bottle of wine in the other . 
 how the hell did he morph from the scrawny , dorky boy she loved and remembered fondly into the built , muscular , brown haired , brown-eyed , and devastatingly handsome devil of a man coming her way ? 
 she 'd always liked ethan , but now ? 
 holy crap . 
 he was freaking hot . 
 so hot all she could think about was bringing him back to her place for the night and banging him out of her system . 
 literally . 
 sideways , backwards , upside down . 
 as long as tonight ended with him inside of her , she 'd be a happy girl . 
 she could n't believe she was actually entertaining the thought of taking home ethan , of all men . 
 if he 'd come over and acted as if he 'd done nothing wrong , she would have stuck to her guns and told him to f ** k off . 
 but now she wanted to hear what he had to say . 
 to see if he 'd changed inside as well as out . 
 maybe he was telling the truth about wanting to make up for his behavior back then . 
 because she certainly had some ideas on ways he could make it up to her . 
 she had no doubt that 's what he 'd meant by whatever . 
 everything about him made her want him . 
 his eyes , his smile , the way he carried himself when he walked . 
 that was all the same as back in high school . 
 yet , he was completely different . 
 self assured . 
 cocky , even . 
 oozing sex appeal and ripped from head to toe . 
 with a newly developed sense of humor about himself . 
 she liked the new him . 
 she watched the way his muscular arms strained against the sleeves of his dress shirt . 
 hot damn , she needed to touch him and see if he was as solid as he looked . 
 when ethan got closer , she sat up straighter , watching him intently . 
 he came to her side and inclined his head . 
 holding his arm out , he said , `` here you go . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she took the proffered drink and raised it to him . 
 `` no more glasses ? '' 
 he looked at her with a raised brow . 
 `` uh , no . 
 i got lasik . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , lasik ... '' she flushed , feeling like an idiot for giving such a lame response . 
 being around him was throwing her off of her game . 
 `` so , what was that about you being an ass ** le ? 
 i 'm all ears . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` it was n't right , what i did to you . 
 i should 've talked it over with you . 
 should have gotten the f ** k over it . 
 and by the time i had , it was too late . 
 we were both in different colleges ... '' `` that does n't tell me what i want to know . '' 
 she took a sip of wine and scooted closer , her knees brushing against his as she adjusted herself on the high chair . 
 god , he was tight . 
 she 'd always liked him , even back when they 'd been nothing more than kids . 
 but like was an understatement for what she was feeling now . 
 still ... `` why did you stop talking to me ? '' 
 he flexed his jaw and took a long sip of his wine . 
 `` it 's stupid . 
 i do n't even want to say it , it 's that f ** king stupid . '' 
 `` let me be the judge of that . '' 
 she pursed her lips , even more intrigued to hear the reason behind the slight than ever before . 
 `` spit it out . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i saw you with roger . '' 
 `` roger ? '' 
 she raised a brow . 
 so he saw her with her friend-her g * y friend . 
 big deal ? 
 what made him so angry about that that he did n't talk to her ever again ? 
 `` and then ... ? '' 
 `` you were kissing him at our spot . '' 
 he took a big gulp of wine and then set down the empty glass . 
 `` and instead of putting on my big boy panties and accepting that you did n't want me the same way i wanted you , i twisted them in a bunch and acted like the worst friend in history . 
 i 'm truly sorry for that . '' 
 she tightened her grip on her glass . 
 `` that 's why you stopped talking to me ? 
 oh my god . 
 you 're such an ass ** le . '' 
 `` i already agreed to that , so if you 're expecting an argument from me , you 're doomed to be disappointed . '' 
 he glared down at his empty glass . 
 `` i was a jerk to you , and i know you probably wo n't be able to forgive me ... but i had to at least apologize . '' 
 she studied him . 
 he did look sorry ... `` i see . 
 and that 's supposed to make it better ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i know it does n't . 
 but i felt you deserved an explanation . '' 
 he poured himself more wine . 
 `` i might be nine years late , but there you have it . 
 the reason i 'm a prick . '' 
 she chugged the rest of hers and then held her empty glass out for more . 
 she needed another drink after that . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it was a stupid reason . 
 and i was really upset . '' 
 `` i was , too . 
 my poor little high school heart was shattered with angst and horror . '' 
 she laughed despite herself . 
 `` stop ! 
 it 's not funny . 
 he looked up sheepishly . 
 `` you 're right . 
 treating your friends like crap is never funny . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 she shrugged , warming to his apology . 
 `` coping was never your strong suit . 
 even back then . 
 you 're kind of a runner . '' 
 his brown eyes bore into hers , direct , heated , intense . 
 `` i was a boy then . 
 i 'm a man now . '' 
 no joke . 
 he 'd certainly manned up about his behavior . 
 and his body was all man ... he filled her glass to the rim and she frowned at him . 
 `` if i can make it up to you in some way ... let me know . 
 anything . '' 
 the way he said that last word ... god , she wanted to climb all over him and have her way with him , once and for all . 
 and he was here , looking at her with those eyes she 'd never been able to resist , and she did n't want to resist . 
 sure , he 'd been a jerk to her , but that had been years ago when they 'd both been kids . 
 she 'd been crushing on him since freshman year , even if he 'd been clueless about it . 
 which meant tonight was twelve years in the making . 
 they 'd both been too shy to make a move back then . 
 she 'd be damned if she was going to shy away tonight . 
 he brought his glass to his lips . 
 she watched , way too mesmerized by how kissable his lips looked as he swallowed . 
 `` you 're staring . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking , '' she corrected . 
 `` a penny for your thoughts ? '' 
 he asked , his lips quirking . 
 she played with the rim of her glass , her finger tracing it slowly . 
 `` i was just thinking ... well , remembering actually . 
 i was n't kissing roger because i liked him . 
 it was an experiment . '' 
 he cocked a brow . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 `` he 's g * y. i was his guinea pig . '' 
 his features froze in shock . 
 `` no way ! 
 roger ? 
 gay ? 
 i never would have guessed . '' 
 she understood his reaction . 
 by all appearances , roger had been the stereotype of the quintessential , all-american , football captain straight man . 
 it had created quite the scandal once he finally came out . 
 as far as ashley knew , ethan did n't keep in touch with people from high school . 
 he 'd hated almost every second of being here and had lit out like a fire was under him after graduation . 
 she was n't surprised that ethan had n't heard about roger , given all of that . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` so i created all that drama back then over ... nothing . '' 
 he laughed but it was laced with bitterness . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 while she could n't deny the amount of time they 'd lost was a waste , she was n't going to spend another minute on what ifs . 
 that was then . 
 and tonight was now . 
 she grinned , remembering that night with roger . 
 it felt like a lifetime ago , really . 
 `` he said it was like kissing a dead fish . 
 that 's how much he enjoyed it . '' 
 ethan chuckled , then quickly forced it back down with a gulp of wine . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` i think that assessment was his problem . 
 not mine . '' 
 she leaned closer , resting her hand on his knee . 
 `` i have it on good authority i 'm an excellent kisser . '' 
 he moved his leg closer to her , shifting his position so he faced her more fully . 
 `` hm . 
 i 'll have to take your word on it , wo n't i ? '' 
 `` you 'll never know until you try it , '' she said , reaching out and laying a hand on his hard bicep , her mouth watering at the way he felt under her palm . 
 strong . 
 hard . 
 so freaking hot . 
 his skin , even through the protection of the shirt he wore , burned her . 
 `` maybe it 's time you tried . '' 
 his bicep flexed under her hand . 
 his eyes were narrow and burning a hole through her . 
 all she could think was yes , take me now . 
 he looked so determined to do exactly that . 
 she moved her fingers over the table restlessly , tracing invisible patterns in the wood . 
 he caught her hand and trapped it between his and the table . 
 her breath caught in her throat as he scooted closer , his knees touching her left thigh . 
 she drew in a deep breath . 
 after giving her a slight smile , he played with a lock of her hair . 
 when he tugged on her hair slightly , it sent shivers down her spine and heat coursing through her blood . 
 `` it might sound crazy after all these years ... '' he tugged her hair harder , and she bit back a moan . 
 how could something so stupid as him playing with her hair make her want to jump his bones ? 
 `` but i missed you so damn much , ash . '' 
 so he wanted to get all handsy on her in public ? 
 she could play that game . 
 she turned and pressed more fully against him before resting her hand on his knee , creeping upward slowly , inch by inch . 
 his nostrils flared , and he took a big gulp of his wine . 
 good . 
 he looked as affected by her as she was by him . 
 she trailed her hand a little higher up his thigh and leaned in close . 
 `` i hear you 're an it guy now . '' 
 `` i heard that , too . '' 
 he dropped her hair . 
 for a second , she thought he might be pulling away . 
 rejecting her . 
 but then his hand touched her lower back , and he urged her even closer . 
 it was like the years they had n't spoken had faded away . 
 hell , it was like the years they had spoken had faded away , too . 
 this was a whole new dynamic between the two of them , and it had been a long , long time coming . 
 god , she wanted him . 
 now . 
 here . 
 `` do you live here now ? 
 or are you just in town visiting family ? '' 
 she moved her hand a little higher on his thigh and smiled at him , her eyes lowered . 
 just right . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 he gave her a cocky look . 
 `` because we both know what 's happening here , and we both know how it 's going to end . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she leaned in even more , her nose practically touching his , until she could feel his warm breath on her skin . 
 `` and how might that be ? 
 enlighten me . '' 
 he chuckled , his hand pressing on her lower back more determinedly . 
 `` okay . 
 look . 
 i do n't play games with women . '' 
 she cocked her brow at him , and he grinned . 
 `` not anymore , anyway . 
 if i see something i want , i go after it . 
 and you know what i want right now ? '' 
 she let out a whoosh of air . 
 he was so ... so ... alpha male . 
 she could n't wait to see how take charge he was in the bedroom . 
 hot damn . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` i want you naked and screaming my name out so loud the whole town hears you . '' 
 he ran his other hand up her thigh and under her skirt , making her entire body clench down in need . 
 he stopped at her upper thigh , not even edging closer to where she most wanted him . 
 `` i want to f ** k you until you 're so sore you 'll be limping for a few days after i 'm done with you . 
 i 've wanted to have you since i was nothing more than a stuttering kid , but now ? 
 i need you . 
 so my only question is ... are you in , or are you out ? '' 
 she took an unsteady breath . 
 well , okay then . 
 that was one way to kick things off . 
 honest and forthright . 
 she could work with that . 
 `` just for tonight , right ? 
 no strings attached ? '' 
 he shrugged as if he did n't care what she wanted , as long as she went home with him . 
 `` yeah . 
 think of it as a night of fun between old friends . 
 catching up on lost time . '' 
 `` in that case ... '' she chugged the last of her wine and set it down on the table with a clunk . 
 `` my condo is a three minute walk from here . '' 
 he removed his hand from her thigh and stood up . 
 `` after you . '' 
 his cheeks went red , and she knew it was because he stuttered . 
 he always got embarrassed when he lost track of his words , but it only made her like him even more back then . 
 he had been so freaking handsome with his soft brown hair and dark brown eyes that him having a quirk that he hated only made him more real to her . 
 she reached out and grabbed his hand , squeezing tight . 
 `` ethan , i do n't care if you stutter . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , offering her a cocky grin . 
 the vulnerability was gone . 
 `` but enough about the past . 
 i 'm more interested in what happens next . 
 you ready to go ? '' 
 all of this time , she 'd been hurt-and yes , angry-that he stopped talking to her . 
 but being with him again , seeing him again , hearing his apology , made something else far too clear ... she 'd missed him , too . 
 and it was time to see what he hid under those clothes . 
 chapter three `` so this is where i live now . '' 
 ashley unlocked the door to the small condo , her hand trembling as she turned the light on . 
 so ... she was nervous . 
 good . 
 that meant she was n't sure what to expect out of him . 
 he liked that idea , because it meant she realized how much he 'd changed . 
 `` i bought it a few months ago , after my dad died . '' 
 `` it 's nice , '' ethan said , his voice low . 
 `` and i 'm sorry for your loss , by the way . '' 
 she smiled and opened the door , motioning him inside before following . 
 `` thanks . 
 after i graduated med school , i - '' the second she closed the door , ethan was on her . 
 he 'd waited his whole teenaged-life for a chance to kiss her . 
 to have her . 
 he was n't about to waste a f ** king second of tonight with hesitance or second-guessing . 
 hell no . 
 he 'd take her , and if she wanted him to ? 
 he 'd take her again . 
 simple as that . 
 she clung to his shoulders , her nails biting into his skin through his thin shirt , and moaned into his mouth . 
 when her tongue brushed against his , his c ** k hardened even more than it already had . 
 she reached down between them and cupped him , squeezing and stroking with perfection . 
 when he groaned , she slid her fingers over his length , exploring him . 
 jesus f ** king christ , the woman was going to kill him , and he had n't even gotten into her bedroom yet . 
 he backed her toward the couch , his eyes on the end goal so he did n't f ** k it up and make them tumble over a discarded heel or some shit like that . 
 luckily , she was a neat freak and nothing stood in the way of him getting her where he wanted her . 
 when the backs of her knees hit the couch , he pushed her down on it , never breaking contact with her mouth as he removed her boots . 
 his fingers working over her skin sent shivers down her spine and straight to her core . 
 her tongue dueled with his as he yanked her skirt up and brushed his fingers over her inner thigh . 
 slowly , he skimmed his hand even higher and rolled her tights down her leg . 
 every inch of skin he bared drove him even more insane with desire . 
 by the time he had them off of her , he was ready to scream with impatience . 
 he kissed her ankle , then moved higher , nipping at her calf . 
 she moaned and dropped her head back , giving herself to him . 
 he kissed her knee , then sank his teeth into her inner thigh . 
 she cried out , burying her hands in his hair and urging him even higher . 
 when she trembled and spread her legs more , granting him access to her pu ** y , he ran his fingers along her slit . 
 he slid his fingers underneath the soft satin . 
 when he brushed her soft lips , he shuddered , unable to believe he was doing this with her . 
 the woman he 'd always wanted but never had . 
 he traced a finger over her hip , directly over the line of her panties , but not going any further . 
 when she whimpered , his gut clenched with desire . 
 desire so strong and intense , he almost gave in to the urge and took her right there . 
 she dug her feet into the couch and clung to his biceps , a breathy sigh escaping her as she tried to urge him closer . 
 `` ethan , '' she gasped , her hands bunching on his arms . 
 `` do n't stop . '' 
 stop ? 
 why the hell would he do that ? 
 `` ask me nicely , '' he said gruffly , running his finger over her stomach . 
 he crept closer to her clit , but did n't touch her there . 
 `` ask me for what you want . '' 
 her fingers flexed on him . 
 `` i want ... i want you to ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 he crept even closer to her core , tracing the spot on her hip where her leg and body connected . 
 then he kissed her , deep and hard . 
 by the time he pulled back , she was whimpering , her hips moving restlessly beneath him . 
 `` tell me , ashley . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i want ... '' she trailed off , her cheeks pink . 
 after licking her swollen lips , she met his eyes . 
 `` i want you to f ** k me . 
 hard . '' 
 `` gladly . '' 
 he traced a wide circle around her clit , pulling back to watch his finger move over her black satin panties . 
 the sight of the wet fabric almost drove him over the edge . 
 `` so f ** king hot . '' 
 he flicked his tongue over her racing pulse , his grip on her tightening . 
 christ , he wanted to push inside of her and f ** k her all night , but he held himself back . 
 she needed to be as desperate for him as he was for her , damn it . 
 he gently slapped the side of her ass , the sound of his hand connecting with her upper thigh filling the room . 
 she drew in a ragged breath , her eyes wide . 
 reaching down , she yanked on his hand and pressed his fingers against her clit . 
 `` now . '' 
 he moved his fingers against her , her own pressing him even closer . 
 `` like that ? '' 
 `` god , yes . '' 
 she spread her legs wider and let her head fall back . 
 her long strawberry blonde hair trailed down the side of the couch , almost touching the floor . 
 fuck , what a picture she made . 
 perfect . 
 `` please , ethan . '' 
 the sound of his name on her lips made him growl and kiss her hard . 
 she did n't shy away . 
 if anything , she demanded more . 
 gave more . 
 he deepened the kiss , his blood pounding ferociously through his veins . 
 as he plundered her mouth with his , he reached down and ripped her panties off . 
 the sound of shredding fabric barely registered with him before he was sliding a finger inside of her . 
 she was so f ** king warm and wet and tight . 
 so goddamn tight . 
 he pressed his thumb against her clit and moved his finger inside of her , grunting when she cried out into his mouth and raised her hips . 
 she grabbed his shirt and fumbled with the top button , and he arched his neck to help her . 
 once she got the top button undone , he withdrew his fingers from inside of her and then thrust again , harder . 
 faster . 
 with his free hand , he clenched her hip , his fingers biting into her skin . 
 for a second , he thought he might be too rough with her , holding her too tightly , but she wrapped her leg around his waist , dug her heel into his ass , and hauled him even closer . 
 suddenly , she pulled away from his mouth and lifted her hips higher . 
 `` taste me . '' 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 he pulled back , his eyes on her . 
 she looked like a goddess right now , all flushed and flustered and hot . 
 he lowered himself down her body just a tiny bit . 
 she finished unbuttoning his shirt . 
 `` taste me , please . 
 and lose the shirt . '' 
 he shrugged out of the clothing . 
 `` better ? '' 
 her gaze skimmed over him , darkening with desire . 
 some small part of him had been afraid she would n't like what she saw . 
 some insecure , long-dead part of him . 
 but she reached out and touched the tribal tattoo he 'd recently gotten on his chest . 
 he 'd wanted one for years , but it had taken that long to find the perfect design . 
 she traced it with her fingers , barely grazing his skin . 
 `` much better . '' 
 he yanked her down so her hips rested close to the edge of the couch , then slowly ran his hand up her thighs , watching the way his fingers smoothed over her flawless thighs . 
 he closed his hands over the hem of her dress . 
 `` lift up your arms . '' 
 she raised her arms and let him pull her dress over her head , baring her beauty for him . 
 he feasted his eyes on her , easily removing her bra with a flick of his wrist . 
 once she was naked , he sank to his knees between her thighs . 
 she was flawless . 
 perfect . 
 the pink lips of her pu ** y begged to be touched , the wetness that glistened on her shaven skin showing him how badly she wanted him . 
 holy f ** k , he needed his lips on her now . 
 he slowly lowered his head and bit the soft flesh of her thigh just hard enough to sting , then licked the love bite . 
 she quivered and dug her hands into his hair , her nails scraping against his scalp . 
 he moved higher , tasting her again . 
 he repeated the movement again and again until he reached her pu ** y , then closed his mouth over her clit . 
 he swirled his tongue in circles , and her legs shook . 
 he pressed harder against her , thrusting a finger inside of her as he went down on her . 
 the more she squirmed , the hotter he got . 
 but he was determined to taste her as she came , her sweet juices coating his tongue . 
 when her legs tightened on his head , and she stiffened , he sucked harder . 
 her entire body shuddered , and she froze . 
 her back arched , and her eyes closed . 
 as she pulsated around his finger , he ripped his pants button open . 
 he 'd barely unzipped his khakis before she was sitting up , kissing him . 
 within seconds , she shoved him back and climbed on top of him , her hands moving over every inch of his body she could reach . 
 he fastened his hands on her hips and pulled her warmth down against his cock . 
 she tossed her head back , her graceful neck curving perfectly , and dug her nails into his pecs . 
 fuck , she was even hotter on top . 
 she looked down at him , her smoky green gaze heated , determined . 
 `` do you have a condom , or should i go get one ? '' 
 `` left pocket . '' 
 she slid her hand in his pocket , easily finding the foil packet . 
 once she retrieved it , he held his palm out . 
 `` give it to me . '' 
 instead of handing it over , she slithered down his body , running her hands down his pecs , over his abs , then to the waistband of his pants . 
 `` no . '' 
 after making quick work of removing them , she lowered her face to his aching cock . 
 within moments , her tongue was on him , and her mouth closed around his length , sucking gently . 
 he hissed and tensed , not wanting to come in her mouth . 
 hell no . 
 he needed to be buried so deeply in her sweet pu ** y he forgot anything else existed . 
 but her warm , wet mouth on his pulsing c ** k felt f ** king amazing . 
 too much so to pull her off and stop it . 
 he arched his hips slightly , going even deeper down her throat . 
 she moaned and took him in without hesitation . 
 his beautiful , shy ashley from high school had learned some f ** king skills since he 'd run away from her . 
 idiot . 
 we could have been doing this all along . 
 when she rolled her tongue over him , swirling and sucking , he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 his balls were getting tighter and tighter , and his control was getting more fragile by the second . 
 `` shit , '' he muttered before he hauled her up and kissed her , open-mouthed and hot . 
 as his lips moved over hers , he snatched the condom out of her hand and ripped it open , rolling it onto his dick . 
 once it was secured , he pressed her onto her back and moved between her thighs . 
 her knuckles whitened as she gripped the sofa above her head . 
 he snaked his hand under her ass , palming her perfect , smooth skin . 
 she fit inside his hand to perfection , and he slapped her gently , unable to resist . 
 she whimpered and shifted in his arms . 
 `` again . '' 
 he could n't believe it . 
 most women shied away when he played a little rough , but here was his ashley , begging for more . 
 he hit her again , a little bit harder . 
 he watched , mesmerized as her pale skin flushed with life . 
 then he did it another time . 
 she cried out and pushed up against him , thrusting her pu ** y against his aching cock . 
 he ran his fingers over her butt , smacking it one more time , harder than before . 
 she moaned and wiggled against him , her entire body practically vibrating . 
 when he gripped her hips and positioned himself at her entrance , she panted rapidly and said , `` yes . 
 please . '' 
 he did n't waste any more time . 
 fuck no . 
 he thrust inside of her all the way , burying himself completely inside her sweet pu ** y . 
 she shrieked and dragged her nails down the fabric of the couch , pulsating around him . 
 she was hotter and wetter than any other woman he 'd ever known . 
 he withdrew , swirled his c ** k around her entrance , making sure to brush against her clit as he did so , then thrust inside of her again . 
 he repeated this gesture so many f ** king times he lost count , stopping only when she started cursing him out and begging and crying for release . 
 as he moved inside of her , gripping her hips to hold her in place , she grew tighter and tighter until she finally came again , clenching down on him as he spurted inside of her , the force of the pleasure taking all coherent thought away . 
 he bit down on her shoulder , holding back the words trying to escape . 
 he knew if he talked now , he 'd only f ** k it up . 
 knew he 'd stutter or worse-say something about how long he 'd waited for this ... or how much he 'd always wanted her . 
 after he caught his breath , he withdrew from her and stood , heading for what appeared to be the bathroom . 
 by the time he cleaned up , regained control of himself , and came back out , she was in a silk robe , daintily perched on the edge of the couch with her chin up in the air-looking for all the world as if she had n't just been thoroughly f ** ked . 
 the only thing that gave her away was the messy hair and swollen lips-and maybe his handprints on her ass , but he could n't see those . 
 she looked up at him , her eyes uncertain . 
 `` uh ... that was ... wow . '' 
 `` wow ? '' 
 he rubbed the back of his neck , standing in front of her completely naked and trying to look as calm as she did . 
 it also gave him time to form his words , because right now ? 
 he needed all the help he could get in that department . 
 `` yeah . 
 i think that covers it . '' 
 her gaze skimmed down his body , lingering on his dick . 
 `` want to stay the night ? 
 we did agree to one night , after all . 
 i do n't see the sun yet . '' 
 yeah . 
 he really did . 
 but that 's why he should n't . 
 for her , this had been a one-night thing with a guy she used to be friends with . 
 she 'd said as much back at the bar . 
 hell , he 'd even agreed to those terms , but with her , it was never that simple . 
 for the first time ever , he actually wanted to stay overnight with a woman . 
 and that was n't acceptable . 
 no attachments . 
 no feelings . 
 no over-nighters . 
 those were just three of his rules he was already trying to make excuses to break , and he 'd only been with her a couple of hours . 
 what would happen if he spent the whole night in her arms ? 
 he was leaving town in just a few days to return to his life . 
 a life that he loved a hell of a lot more than being here in this tortured f ** king town . 
 he bent down and picked up his boxers . 
 `` nah . 
 i think i 'll head back to my mom 's house . 
 i do n't do the whole overnight scene . 
 it complicates things . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around herself and nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she looked disappointed . 
 he almost took it back . 
 almost said he would stay . 
 but then he came to his senses . 
 getting attached was a bad idea . 
 getting attached meant making life compromises that he did n't want to make . 
 he was never , ever returning to this town . 
 but still ... he could n't walk away without at least trying to see her again . 
 this was ashley . 
 maybe he could put the ball in her court . 
 if she wanted to stick with their one-night plan , then so be it . 
 he 'd honor their agreement . 
 but if she was interested in a little bit more ? 
 he 'd be there , too . 
 whatever she wanted from him over the next few days were wide open . 
 but only the next few days . 
 and only after they took the rest of the night apart to think on it . 
 bending over , he stepped into his boxers , then his pants . 
 as he shrugged into his shirt , leaving it unbuttoned , he took a deep breath and faced her again . 
 `` do you want to meet up for bowling tomorrow night ? 
 last i remember , we were tied for the championship . '' 
 she looked up at him , her eyes wide . 
 `` you have no-holds-barred sex with me and then you want me to go bowling with you ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 the pure surprise in her eyes made his mouth twitch into a smile . 
 she acted as if he asked her to go murder someone with him for sport or some shit like that . 
 `` why not ? 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 she eyed him . 
 `` so you disappear for years , and now you want to go bowling with me like nothing ever happened ? '' 
 `` i 'm not ignoring what i did , or how much of an ass ** le i w-was . '' 
 he met her eyes and broke off , taking a second to collect his thoughts . 
 there it was again . 
 the f ** king stutter he despised so much . 
 `` but i missed you . 
 i always wished i could have another chance at being your friend . 
 if you 'll let me ... i 'd like to try to make it up to you . '' 
 she sat up and lifted her knees in front of her ; her bare legs , long and lean , showing from top to bottom . 
 he remembered how she 'd wrapped them around his waist . 
 it took all of his control to not grab her and haul her back to her bedroom for an all-night sex marathon . 
 stay in control . 
 do n't lose yourself in this woman like you did back in high school . 
 `` i do n't usually do what we just did with my friends . '' 
 she lifted her chin into the air . 
 `` i do it with people i 'm never going to see again . '' 
 ah . 
 his thoughts precisely . 
 but still , it stung . 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` me , too . 
 but even so , if you 're interested ... i 'll be at the bowling alley at eight . '' 
 he hesitated at the door . 
 `` thank you for tonight . 
 it was amazing . 
 everything i 'd dreamed it would be and more . '' 
 she pressed her lips together , seeming to hold herself back from saying something . 
 then , `` i did n't know you imagined it at all . '' 
 he cocked a brow and gave her a once-over , memorizing the way her hip curved just right and the long length of her thighs . 
 the way she looked at him , with her green eyes shining , yet skeptical . 
 `` everyone knew . '' 
 pulling the door open , he shut it behind him and walked down the pathway and onto the crowded sidewalk . 
 chapter four ashley flopped back on the couch , blinking into the empty living room . 
 if she was n't sore between her thighs and favoring her right ass cheek , she 'd swear she just imagined that whole thing with ethan . 
 because that made a lot more sense than believing that her nerdy friend from high school had just given her the best sex of her life ... and then ran away again . 
 he had a thing with running . 
 she 'd known that back when they were kids . 
 but he 'd changed so freaking much , she 'd thought maybe that annoying personality quirk had changed , too . 
 but apparently not . 
 some things never changed . 
 but the ethan that had been here , the one who knew exactly what to do with her body , had been amazing . 
 so thrilling and confident and sexy . 
 everything she wanted in a lover and more . 
 well , minus the whole running thing . 
 but she could accept it about him . 
 he hated rehoboth and pretty much all of the people in it . 
 he obviously hated spending too much time here as well . 
 she could tell he would n't look back once he left . 
 and he was a bachelor who seemed quite content to stay that way for the rest of his life . 
 it 's who he was . 
 she was the type of girl who liked no-strings-attached fun , and he was leaving in a few days . 
 then he 'd go back to his life in california , and she would stay here and do her residency at the quaint , local hospital with a smile on her face the whole time because her mom needed her here . 
 and it 's what her dad would have wanted for her to do . 
 that 's who she was . 
 she was n't looking for forever , and neither was he . 
 it was a perfect , carefree match made in temporary heaven . 
 she 'd go to the bowling alley tomorrow night . 
 she 'd dress to kill , flirt , smile , and reel him in . 
 and this time , he would n't run away afterwards . 
 she 'd make it perfectly clear that she was okay with him leaving . 
 more than okay . 
 this was all about the fabulous sex , and she wanted more of it . 
 tomorrow night , she 'd go hunting . 
 and she 'd catch herself some hot , prone-to-flight , temporary , but intense fun . 
 she rolled over onto her stomach and picked up her phone , sending a quick text to rhiannon . 
 home and feeling much better . 
 it took all of three seconds for her phone to ring . 
 ashley grinned and answered it . 
 `` happy new year . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 happy new year '' rhiannon said . 
 `` did you get laid ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 very much so . 
 he rocked my world . 
 and then he took off after thanking me . '' 
 `` sounds like your kind of guy . '' 
 rhiannon laughed . 
 `` you enjoy the wham , bam , thank you ma'am variety . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 ashley twirled a lock of her hair around her finger . 
 `` he 's always been a runner , so i had a feeling it would happen . 
 i think he sleeps with a pair of running shoes on just in case . '' 
 rhiannon hooted with laughter . 
 `` oh my god , can you imagine ? '' 
 `` actually , i totally can . '' 
 ashley hesitated . 
 `` but then he broke character and asked me to go bowling with him tomorrow night . '' 
 `` bowling ? '' 
 rhiannon snorted . 
 `` you 're not going to go ... are you ? 
 that sounds like a bad idea . 
 it sounds like a date . '' 
 `` well , maybe . '' 
 ashley sighed . 
 `` but i 'm going . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she rolled over onto her back , flinching at the sensitivity between her thighs . 
 he 'd taken her and left her wanting more , despite the orgasms he 'd brought her . 
 `` i think i might want more than a night with him . 
 it was that good , rhi . '' 
 rhiannon whistled through her teeth . 
 `` are we talking the forbidden b word ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no way . '' 
 ashley rested a hand on her stomach . 
 `` he ca n't be my boyfriend even if i wanted him to be . 
 he 's leaving on monday for california . 
 and he 'd never come back here to live . 
 not in a million years . '' 
 `` so you just want a one night stand ... extended into a couple of nights ? 
 and you expect not to get attached or want more ? '' 
 rhiannon snorted . 
 `` i 'm telling you now ... bad idea . '' 
 ashley could picture the look of disbelief on her friend 's face as clearly as if she was here on the couch with her . 
 `` i know , but i 'll be fine . 
 i know what i 'm getting into here . 
 it 's a short-term fling , nothing more . 
 i just want a few more times with him . 
 hell , he could hold me over for the rest of the year if i had him enough times . 
 it 's that freaking amazing . '' 
 `` maybe i should go to that bowling alley , '' rhiannon said , her voice soft . 
 `` find your own orgasm god . 
 he 's mine . '' 
 `` caring is sharing , you know , '' rhiannon said , the music getting louder in the background . 
 `` but since you refuse , i 'm going to do exactly that . 
 find my own . '' 
 `` any prospects ? '' 
 `` i 've got my sights set on a guy , and it 's time to close the deal . 
 wish me luck . '' 
 ashley smiled . 
 `` good luck , but you do n't need it . '' 
 `` do n't you know it , '' rhiannon said , ending the call . 
 ashley dropped the phone on her chest and stared up at the ceiling . 
 it was a quarter after midnight , and she was still wide-awake . 
 she fidgeted for a little while , feeling restless and impatient for tomorrow night . 
 she wanted it to come already so she could get another taste of ethan . 
 he was addicting . 
 she picked her phone up and searched him out on facebook . 
 funny that she had n't done so before . 
 some part of her had been scared to see him again-to see if he was happily married in another town . 
 but after tonight , she wanted to know more . 
 she found his page within seconds . 
 his profile picture was of him standing on a stand-up paddle board in the water , a huge smile on his face . 
 he was wearing a pair of swim trunks and nothing else . 
 he did n't have the tattoo on his chest in the photo , but it was only two months old . 
 his abs taunted her , even through the photo , and she wanted to lick them all over again . 
 she had n't spent enough time on them , enjoying the way they played over his skin , stretching it tight ... ugh . 
 she was already desperate for more and he 'd just left . 
 she scrolled down his profile , reading his status updates . 
 with how closed off his life seemed to be to others , she could n't believe he had n't set his profile to private . 
 there were no mentions of girls or drinking or sex with strangers . 
 all he posted about was going to ball games and work and hanging with the guys . 
 there was n't a single mention of a girlfriend within the last year ... probably longer . 
 she stopped looking after a year , though . 
 next , she went through his pictures , eagerly looking at each one and reading the caption beneath it . 
 he spent a heck of a lot of time at sporting events , which was n't too much of a shock . 
 he 'd always loved sports , even if he did n't play them . 
 she shook her head and scrolled through his friends list , noticing right away that her suspicion of him not keeping in touch with anyone back home was right . 
 there was n't a single friend listed from rehoboth . 
 the only one ? 
 his brother , alex. he 's obviously put this part of his life behind him . 
 that was perfect . 
 it meant this whole thing did n't stand a risk of getting sloppy or emotional . 
 they were in the same place in their life ... and neither of them would want more than this weekend . 
 chapter five the next night , ethan entered the bowling alley at five to eight . 
 he 'd had no expectations of ashley actually showing up , but damned if she was n't standing there watching for him . 
 his heart stuttered in his chest then sped up painfully , and he waved at her with a big smile . 
 well , i 'll be damned . 
 `` you came . '' 
 he reached out and cupped her cheek . 
 he pressed his lips to her forehead , savoring her scent , then pulled back . 
 his c ** k hardened , and his heart softened just from that innocent gesture . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 she rested her hands on his chest , staring up at him with a small smile . 
 `` i do n't know why i did . 
 it 's not my thing to hang out , well , after . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` like , ever . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i get that . '' 
 he handed the man behind the counter a twenty . 
 the alley was unusually empty . 
 it looked as if they would have the place to themselves . 
 maybe everyone else was busy recovering from their hangovers . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hey , ethan . '' 
 ethan did a double take . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's todd . 
 we were in the same homeroom all of high school . '' 
 ethan studied him . 
 he ' remembered him now . 
 he 'd put on a few pounds and had lost the stoner look in his eyes , but it was todd all right . 
 `` yeah , i remember . 
 you sat behind me . '' 
 todd flinched . 
 `` yeah . 
 i used to put spitballs in your hair . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' ethan said , blinking . 
 he 'd never expected an apology from todd . 
 not in a million years . 
 `` it was a long time ago . '' 
 `` yeah , well ... thanks for being decent about it . '' 
 todd cleared his throat and turned to ashley . 
 `` hey , ashley . '' 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 she stepped closer to ethan 's side . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 `` good . 
 you two playing together ? '' 
 todd asked , his hand resting on the register . 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 one lane , two games , and a pair of men 's eleven and women 's ... ? '' 
 she leaned on the counter , her ass jutting out as she did so . 
 `` six and a half , please . '' 
 todd checked out her cle ** age , then went to get the shoes . 
 ethan fisted his hands , glaring at him , but did n't say a word . 
 it 's not as if he had a right to care if other men found her attractive , after all . 
 she was f ** king gorgeous . 
 ethan paid todd and took the shoes , inclining his head toward lane six . 
 `` after you . '' 
 she walked in front of him , her hips swinging with each step , and sat down on the seat . 
 `` i have n't been bowling in years . '' 
 `` me either . '' 
 he sat across from her and watched ashley from under the cover of his bent head . 
 `` i probably wo n't even hit a single pin tonight . '' 
 she bent down and pulled her brown boots off . 
 her hair was loose around her shoulders , and she wore a fitted pair of jeans and a snug , purple sweater . 
 her long legs teased him every time she crossed and uncrossed them . 
 he wanted them wrapped around his waist again as he buried his c ** k deep inside of her , making her scream and cry and moan and beg for more . 
 `` it 's empty tonight . 
 we 're the only ones here . '' 
 good . 
 it meant they could make this even more fun than it usually would be . 
 `` everyone is probably sleeping last night off . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 she peeked up at him , then lowered her head when their gazes clashed . 
 even the ugly pair of bowling shoes did n't take away from her beauty . 
 `` you 're staring , pierce . '' 
 yeah . 
 he totally was . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said , looking up at him and dropping the laces . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` if you do n't usually see your lovers afterward ... '' reaching out , he caught her foot and pulled it into his lap . 
 she sat up straight and watched him . 
 `` why are you here with me ? '' 
 `` we have nine years to catch up on . 
 i 'd like to think we can still talk between doing ... other things , '' she said , shrugging . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 'm only here till monday . 
 then i go back to california , and you 'll be free of me . '' 
 `` yeah , i know how much you hate it here . 
 and with my dad gone and my mom being , well , my mom ... '' she drifted off and shook her head . 
 `` suffice it to say , i 'm back for good . '' 
 `` fuck . 
 how horrible that must be . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 he could n't think of a worse punishment than having to live in this godforsaken town where everything a person ever did as a child followed him for the rest of his life . 
 `` i 'm truly sorry for your loss , though . 
 i ca n't even imagine . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 but as far as moving back here goes , i do n't mind so much . '' 
 `` more power to you . '' 
 he trailed his hand up and down her back , tracing her spine absentmindedly . 
 `` i do n't think anything could make me come back here . '' 
 hell , probably not even her . 
 she cocked an eyebrow at him . 
 `` so , hypothetically speaking , if we were to , say , agree to be together for the next couple of days ... '' she ran her finger down his chest and over his abs , only stopping when she hit the waist of his jeans . 
 `` how would you feel when that time ran out ? '' 
 `` sore , pleased , and tired as all hell . '' 
 he hauled her against his cock , biting back a groan when her soft belly pressed against him . 
 `` how would you feel ? '' 
 `` the same . '' 
 she licked her lips and fisted her hands in his sweater . 
 `` but are you sure you would n't want more ? 
 you would n't be upset or anything ? '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` i pinky-swear promise . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 she rolled her eyes but entwined her pinky with his just like they used to do all those years ago . 
 `` hypothetically ... i might be able to agree to these terms . 
 if you do . '' 
 he should probably listen to the warning bells going off in is head screaming that this was a bad idea . 
 he should probably have taken his one-night stand and been damned grateful for it . 
 because beneath the flirtatious smiled she gave him , she was still the sweet , gorgeous , caring girl he 'd once loved with all his teenaged heart . 
 only now , she was all grown up and drop-dead sexy to boot . 
 and one hell of a catch ... if he were the catching type . 
 but he was n't . 
 so why the f ** k did he say , i 'm all in ? 
 eager to regain his equilibrium , he added , `` but first , let 's see who the reigning champion is here . '' 
 she grinned and moved closer to him , hiding the fact that she cupped his cock , squeezing with the perfect amount of pressure . 
 `` care to make this interesting ? '' 
 he grit his teeth , struggling to control his libido . 
 the girl was a killer with those hands . 
 `` fuck bowling . 
 let 's go back to your place . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she let go of him and tsked . 
 `` we 're doing this . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he smacked her ass , laughing when she jumped and looked at him with heated eyes . 
 two could play at that game , after all . 
 `` but only if the winner gets to take control in bed tonight . '' 
 ... ashley laughed and nodded , rubbing her butt with false indignation and looking at him over her shoulder . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd had so much fun flirting with a guy-especially after she 'd already slept with him . 
 she usually avoided the men she had sexual encounters with more so than the bubonic plague . 
 but this time , it was n't so black and white . 
 it was a heck of a lot of grey . 
 this was ethan . 
 she could n't just walk away ... even if he had done exactly that to her nine years ago . 
 freaking , melodramatic teenager that he had been . 
 but now ... if she could get a few more days out of this affair , then she 'd gladly take them . 
 being with ethan made her feel alive . 
 free . 
 happy . 
 and she did n't do happy all that often-not with men , anyway . 
 most had been completely intimidated by her grueling med school schedule and professional success . 
 so now that she had a boy toy , she 'd enjoy it while she could . 
 she leaned against the scorekeeper and propped a hand on her hip . 
 `` if the winner gets to call the shots in the bedroom later , i better be on my a game , huh ? '' 
 `` baby , you have a better chance of getting struck by lightning than you do of beating me . '' 
 he picked up a blue ball and shot a cocky grin her way . 
 `` prepare to be amazed by my super skills . '' 
 she put a hand on her hip . 
 `` keep up that attitude , and your balls will be as blue as that ball by the end of the night . '' 
 `` touche . '' 
 he lined up with perfect form and rolled the ball ... right into the gutter . 
 `` well , shit . '' 
 she covered her mouth and laughed . 
 `` i can barely stand from all that stud-li-ness , let me tell you . '' 
 she fanned her cheeks . 
 `` whew . 
 hawt . '' 
 he shot her a mock glare then walked behind her . 
 as he waited for his ball to return , he traced the line of her butt , slipping inside of her legs for the barest of seconds . 
 holy crap , the man was good . 
 he managed to do with one simple touch what most men could n't do with a compass and a flashlight . 
 `` you just wait . 
 it 's all part of my plan . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 a plan , huh ? '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 just grinned at her and took his next turn . 
 he knocked down four pins then frowned at the scoreboard . 
 she shook her head and walked up to the lane . 
 `` so , when did you start paddle boarding ? '' 
 his brow wrinkled . 
 `` how did you know about that ? '' 
 he leaned against the scorekeeper . 
 `` wait a second . 
 were you facebook stalking me ? '' 
 she grinned up at him . 
 `` yeah . 
 what of it ? '' 
 `` hmm . 
 it 's kind of cute you care enough to look . '' 
 he reached out and ran a finger down her cheek . 
 `` and i started in college . 
 kept up with it for fun . 
 i 'm hardly a professional , but i 'm pretty good at it , i guess . '' 
 `` i saw that . '' 
 he ran his finger down her jaw and over her shoulder . 
 `` so , stalking , huh ? 
 should i be flattered or scared ? '' 
 `` flattered , of course . '' 
 she gripped his waistband and hauled him closer . 
 `` i had to check you out before i decided whether or not to show up tonight . '' 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 he leaned in and brushed his lips over her cheekbone . 
 `` guilty . '' 
 her cheeks heated because he was pretty darn close to home with that guess . 
 `` can you blame me ? '' 
 `` mm . '' 
 he grinned and moved out of her reach . 
 `` i bet you 're wondering who took the picture of me on the paddle board , are n't you ? '' 
 she had n't been . 
 but now she was . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` not curious at all ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she shooed him out of the way so she could get her ball . 
 `` i 'm not the jealous type . 
 besides , it 's not like we 're a real couple or something . '' 
 he came up behind her and hauled her against his chest , his hands on her thighs . 
 `` i like the way you think . 
 it 's refreshing . '' 
 `` that 's me . 
 a glass of ice-cold water . '' 
 she peeked over her shoulder , toward the direction of todd and the front door . 
 this was all fun and games , but if someone saw them groping each other in the bowling alley , she 'd never hear the end of it . 
 `` watch those hands . 
 someone might see us , you know . '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` i think we 're okay . '' 
 he nibbled on her neck . 
 `` but if you 're that worried about it ... you ready to blow this joint and head home yet ? '' 
 hell yeah , she was . 
 `` nope . 
 i want to win . '' 
 holding her ball up at chest level , she moved out of his arms . 
 `` watch and learn , boy . '' 
 `` cocky words from a cocky girl , '' he called out , crossing his arms . 
 `` show me what you 've got . '' 
 `` oh , i will . '' 
 she centered herself and let it fly . 
 strike . 
 grinning , she held her hands out and said . 
 `` now that 's skills , my friend . '' 
 he scowled at her . 
 `` maybe i need some of that luck . '' 
 `` it 's not luck . 
 it 's - '' '' - luck . '' 
 he grabbed her and bent her back in a dancer 's dip , her hair spilling over his arm and onto the floor . 
 she clung to his shoulders and let out a little squeal . 
 `` it 's luck , and you need to share some of it . '' 
 he slammed his mouth down on hers , taking her breath away with one swoop of his tongue . 
 as he kissed her , she forgot all about the game and wanted nothing more than to throw him against the wall and f ** k him senseless . 
 when he pulled away , his brown eyes looked more like molten fire than the chocolate color she 'd gotten accustomed to . 
 his breath came out a little unevenly . 
 `` now let me try again . '' 
 he set her on her feet and picked up his ball , walked up to the lane , and threw it . 
 he knocked down one pin . 
 one . 
 back in school , he 'd kicked her ass repeatedly . 
 she shook her head at him . 
 `` you lost your touch , pierce . '' 
 he cocked a brow and retrieved his ball . 
 `` it did n't look like i lost my touch when you were in my arms a minute ago . '' 
 `` oh you 've got that going for you , all right . '' 
 she crossed her arms and watched him knock down one more pin . 
 `` you just suck at bowling . '' 
 but the kiss ? 
 ah , now that had been phenomenal . 
 `` ow . '' 
 he held a hand to his chest . 
 `` that hurts . 
 truly , it does . '' 
 she smiled in what she hoped was an innocent manner . 
 `` if the shoe fits ... '' `` i used to be good at this . '' 
 he sighed dramatically and sat down , motioning her forward . 
 `` i see that . '' 
 `` well , what have you spent all these years doing ? '' 
 he crossed his ankle over his knee . 
 `` i did n't have the foresight to facebook stalk you , so i do n't know what you do in your spare time . '' 
 `` i do n't do anything in my spare time because i have n't really had any . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` med school takes up a hell of a lot of time , and i basically slept enough hours to stay alive and spent the rest of them studying . '' 
 `` sounds boring . '' 
 `` it was . '' 
 she grinned at him . 
 `` but now i 'm a doctor , and it was worth it . 
 what about you ? 
 what kinds of things do you do in your spare time , besides the beach ? '' 
 `` not a whole hell of a lot . 
 i go to a lot of games , hang out with the guys . '' 
 he lifted a shoulder . 
 `` normal single dude shit . '' 
 she shot him a look . 
 `` pick up a few ladies here and there ... '' `` well , yeah . '' 
 he shot her a cocky grin . 
 `` no big shocker there , though , right ? '' 
 `` none at all . '' 
 she looked up at the scoreboard and sighed . 
 `` you basically sound like me , minus the games and chicks . 
 i do n't go to sporting events . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 `` concerts . 
 coffee . 
 bars . '' 
 she laughed and tucked her hair behind her ear . 
 `` you know , normal single girl stuff . '' 
 his lips twitched , and he motioned her forward . 
 `` go on . 
 you 're up . '' 
 `` i 'll go easy on you . 
 then again ... '' she picked up her ball , shot him a smile over her shoulder , and got all but one pin . 
 that 's all right . 
 she 'd get the next one . 
 `` maybe not . '' 
 `` yeah , sure , '' he mumbled . 
 `` go on . 
 get your spare . '' 
 she picked up her ball and did exactly that . 
 before the pins could reset , he was on her , kissing her and burying his fingers in her hair . 
 she clung to his forearms , moaning into his mouth . 
 by the time he pulled back , she could barely stand on her own . 
 god this was fun . 
 hot , sexy , unexpected fun . 
 he nipped at her lip one last time then let go of her . 
 striding up to the balls , he picked up his blue one and rolled it without lining up at all . 
 strike . 
 well , crap . 
 he turned back to her , grinning at her as if he had n't just kissed the thoughts right out of her mind . 
 how could he look so damn under control when she was ready to burst ? 
 so not fair . 
 `` see that ? '' 
 `` not too bad , but i 'll still win , '' she said , patting his shoulder as she passed him . 
 she let her nails trail over his hard pecs , loving how solid he felt under his shirt . 
 god , she wanted him . 
 again and again and again until she got him out of her system once and for all . 
 but would that even be possible ? 
 she was starting to wonder . 
 he trailed his finger over her lower back , giving her exactly what she 'd given him . 
 more sexual distraction . 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her stomach clenched when he moved his hand a little bit lower , dipping between her legs again . 
 `` we will . '' 
 she picked up her ball and took her turn , knocking down all but two pins . 
 she glared at the pins , knowing he was throwing her off her game every time he touched her , but she was enjoying it too much to actually care . 
 when she missed the last two pins , she sighed and turned around . 
 he kissed her again , the same way as before , only this time , he did n't stop . 
 his lips moved over hers , slanting deeper and harder , and her whole body came to life . 
 she ran her hands over his chest , giving back as good as she got . 
 after a few more seconds , she yanked free and took a shuddering breath . 
 `` screw bowling . 
 you ready to go ? '' 
 he caught her hand and nodded . 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask . '' 
 she was barely able to keep her hands off of him while they returned their bowling shoes and paid the bill . 
 as they left the alley , she peeked over her shoulder at the score . 
 she 'd been winning . 
 even though the game had n't ended , she was technically the winner . 
 and she knew exactly what she wanted as her prize . 
 chapter six they walked out into the night , the fresh , cold air bringing her out of her haze of need . 
 she set out last night to get laid . 
 to scratch the itch and get it out of her system . 
 instead , she now wanted ethan 24/7 . 
 she stopped walking , not letting go of his hand , so he 'd stop , too . 
 `` did you drive ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 rhiannon dropped me off . '' 
 a ploy on her part to make sure ethan would have to give her a ride home afterwards . 
 he led her to a red rental truck with huge tires . 
 as he opened the door for her , giving her a boost up to the seat with his hands on her butt , she barely controlled her urge to rub her ass against his hand and purr like a freaking cat . 
 he slid into his seat and slipped the keys into the ignition , bringing it to life with a roar . 
 `` your place ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 as soon as he hit reverse and started backing up , she slipped her hand between his legs . 
 closing her hand around his cock , she squeezed and leaned in . 
 `` you know , i 'm technically the winner . '' 
 he hissed in a breath through his teeth . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 `` mmhm . '' 
 she slid closer , rubbing the palm of her hand against his erection . 
 he pushed his penis against her more fully . 
 `` and i know what i want as my prize . '' 
 he stepped on the gas . 
 `` what would that be ? '' 
 `` you . 
 now . '' 
 she undid his button , and then his zipper . 
 `` park on a dark road because i 'm not waiting until we get to my place . '' 
 without further urging , he turned down a street that led to a residential area most tourists ignored . 
 but he kept driving , obviously not content to pull over in front of a bunch of houses . 
 his choice , but she was n't waiting . 
 not this time . 
 she bent down , freed his erection , and closed her lips around him . 
 he swerved but then righted himself . 
 `` jesus , ashley . '' 
 she did n't answer , just sucked him into her mouth , swirling her tongue around the head and closing her fingers around the shaft . 
 as she sucked , she jerked her hand , and he swerved again . 
 last night had been all about him being in control . 
 now it was her turn . 
 he slammed the truck into park and then curled his hands around her head , thrusting into her mouth . 
 he reclined the seat and lifted his hips , pulling his shirt free . 
 as he adjusted himself , she tasted a hint of se ** n on her tongue . 
 he gripped the door so tight she swore she heard something give way . 
 `` e-enough , '' he growled , picking her up and setting her on his lap . 
 `` fuck me . '' 
 `` we do n't have any ... '' she broke off when he held up a condom . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 she watched him slide the rubber on . 
 the sight of his hands moving over himself made her even more desperate to have him . 
 all night long , he 'd been kissing her and touching her , and now all she could think about was getting him inside of her already . 
 while he rolled the condom firmly in place , she kicked off her jeans and panties and climbed onto his lap . 
 he stopped her before she could impale herself on him . 
 `` touch yourself for me . 
 let me watch . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath . 
 he wanted to watch her masturbate ? 
 god , that was hot . 
 she was supposed to be in control , though . 
 did she really want to ... oh , hell . 
 who was she kidding ? 
 she wanted . 
 reaching down between her legs , she rolled her finger over her clit , gasping at how good it felt . 
 she 'd been aching for some contact ever since he let his finger run over her at the bowling alley . 
 he leaned in , capturing her mouth with his . 
 as he kissed her , she moved her fingers faster against her clit , knowing if she continued like this , she 'd orgasm within seconds . 
 the pressure built up within her , higher and higher . 
 she tensed when he slid his hand over hers . 
 he did n't take her hand away or stop her , he just joined in , applying even more pressure exactly where she needed it . 
 she quickened the strokes , and he bit down on her lip . 
 that aggressive , dominating move sent her over the edge . 
 she cried out as she came , stars bursting in front of her eyes and pleasure radiating over her body . 
 `` fucking hell , ashley , '' he gasped , lifting her up , then lowering her onto his cock . 
 he impaled her with one smooth thrust , sliding inside easily . 
 he gripped her hips , guiding her in the perfect rhythm that sent her spiraling over the edge again . 
 what the hell ? 
 she 'd never come so much and so often as she did with him . 
 she dug her nails into his chest , crying out in surprise at the ambush orgasm , then threw her head back . 
 he pumped his hips up harder , moving her faster , and then joined her . 
 spent , he collapsed against his seat . 
 the urge to lie down on his chest and cuddle for a second was strong , but the truck was n't exactly conducive to that . 
 plus he 'd made it pretty clear this was just sex . 
 he 'd be gone in a couple of days , and she 'd be here . 
 but even so , the urge was there . 
 he reached up , curled his hand around the back of her neck , and pulled her onto his chest . 
 something warm and soft closed around her heart , squeezing tight . 
 he closed his arms around her and rested his cheek on the top of her head with a sigh . 
 after a few moments of silence , he chuckled and played with her hair . 
 `` you were n't kidding about not waiting . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she snuggled closer . 
 `` it 's your fault for making me want you so badly . '' 
 he took a shuddering breath and dropped a kiss to the top of her head . 
 `` yeah , i know that feeling all too well . '' 
 her heart raced faster than a nascar car on the final lap . 
 if she was reading between the lines properly , then he was saying he felt the same way about her as she did about him . 
 the problem was she had no idea exactly how she felt or what it meant . 
 all she knew was right now , she was happy . 
 ... ethan tightened his arms around ashley , more than content to hold her in his arms like this for another minute or two . 
 when he 'd asked her why she had come tonight , he 'd loved her reply . 
 she seemed to be as caught off guard by this ... this ... thing blazing between them as he was . 
 neither of them knew what the hell was going on , but there was no denying the strong attraction between the two of them . 
 `` you 're being awfully quiet . '' 
 she lifted her head and scanned his face . 
 `` i thought you might have fallen asleep on me . '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 he grinned and smoothed her hair back from her face . 
 `` i was just lost in thought , is all . '' 
 `` we should probably go back to my place before sheriff holt comes and finds us . 
 that 's the last thing either of us needs . 
 ` local doctor found naked in a truck , tonight at five . ' '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` that would be a story to tell . '' 
 `` for you , maybe . 
 you 're leaving . '' 
 she sat up and crawled off his lap and collected her clothes from the truck floor . 
 he watched her go , equally enthralled by the picture she presented while being upset by her not being pressed against him . 
 `` i have to stay here and be a doctor for god only knows how long . '' 
 something hit him hard , but he could n't quite put his finger on it . 
 was it ... disappointment ? 
 nah . 
 that could n't be it . 
 he 'd known going into this that she was staying , and he was leaving . 
 what the hell was there to be disappointed about ? 
 he had a plan , and it did n't involve love or marriage or kids . 
 only he fully knew what he had been through as a kid with the teasing and bullying . 
 it had been bad enough going through it first hand , but having to watch one of his own kids experience that kind of torture and not be able to fix it ... no . 
 he would n't do it . 
 he 'd finally found his freedom from his past . 
 and now that he 'd finally made amends with ashley-hell , had even fulfilled his high school fantasy of having sex with her-it was time to leave the past in the past and move forward for good . 
 no more looking back . 
 he cleared his throat and carefully removed the condom , grabbing a plastic bag from the back seat to put it in . 
 he straightened his jeans and buckled his seatbelt , and waited for her to situate herself . 
 when she did n't buckle up , he shot her a look . 
 `` do you ever use a seat belt ? '' 
 `` i live a few blocks down the road . '' 
 he simply stared at her until she sighed and buckled up . 
 `` there . 
 happy ? '' 
 `` ecstatic , '' he said dryly . 
 `` now i 'll take you home . '' 
 she looked at him out of the corner of her eye . 
 `` you 're not staying . '' 
 it was n't so much a question as it was a statement . 
 she already knew the answer , but sought confirmation . 
 the second he spent the night in her arms was the second he would n't want to leave her . 
 it just seemed far too ... intimate . 
 he did n't do intimate . 
 even with ashley . 
 nothing was keeping him in this godforsaken town . 
 `` right . '' 
 he nodded , his hands tightening on the wheel . 
 `` glad we 're on the same page . '' 
 `` totally . '' 
 he nodded again , oddly not at peace despite her assurances she did n't want anything else from him . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 `` want to walk on the beach for a little bit first , though ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he did n't know where the thought had come from , or why he 'd gone and asked that , but he knew one thing ... he was n't ready to say goodnight yet . 
 chapter seven ashley blinked at him , as taken by surprise by his suggestion of walking on the beach as she 'd been by his bowling invitation . 
 every time he pushed her away , he seemed to follow up by pulling her a little closer , too . 
 it made her wonder if he was fighting an internal battle . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` that would be nice . '' 
 he cleared his throat and turned down a road that led away from her condo , but toward the boardwalk . 
 `` so , how do you like owning your own practice ? '' 
 she looked out the window , staring at the moon . 
 it was really bright and full tonight , casting shadows over the tops of the buildings and houses . 
 `` it 's a little bit scary , to be honest , '' she admitted , still focused out the window . 
 `` it 's not at all what i planned to do with my medical degree . 
 i was going to live in the city . 
 kick some ass and take names while doing it . 
 but then dad died , and it all kind of ... '' she turned back to him . 
 `` shifted , you know ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . '' 
 `` have you ever had that happen ? 
 had something completely change what you thought you wanted before you even knew it happened ? '' 
 she crinkled her nose . 
 `` did that even make sense ? '' 
 he laughed , his chin dimple peeking out for a second . 
 wow . 
 she 'd forgotten all about that dimple . 
 it was n't overly obvious . 
 just when he smiled in a certain way . 
 `` it did . 
 and no , i ca n't say i have . 
 i mean , all my life , i knew i was going to leave rehoboth because i hated it here . 
 i did it , and i have n't regretted a second of it . 
 i love california . 
 love being free from any ties that used to hold me down . '' 
 she pressed her lips together . 
 `` was it really so bad for you here , even after school ? 
 people grow up and change . 
 i would think most of them would 've done that . 
 we have . '' 
 he parked in front of the candy kitchen , then turned to her . 
 `` i would n't know . 
 i left and only come back for holidays . '' 
 he adjusted opened his door . 
 `` and i tend to avoid people i used to know when i 'm here . '' 
 `` then why did you tap on my shoulder ? '' 
 he closed the door and walked around the front of the truck , opening her door for her and offering his hand . 
 `` the truth ? '' 
 she slipped her hand into his and rolled her eyes . 
 `` yeah . 
 why would i ask if i wanted a lie ? '' 
 `` you ca n't be mad at me , though . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , spit it out already , pierce . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i did n't know it was you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she stopped walking , glaring up at him . 
 `` you mean you had no idea who i was , but wanted to buy me a drink anyway ? '' 
 `` what can i say ? 
 you looked good from behind , too . '' 
 he entwined his fingers with hers , pulled her up against his body . 
 `` and also , you reminded me of you . 
 i liked that . '' 
 her heart sped up at his words , but she ducked her head to hide her reaction from him . 
 she did n't even really know why it made her happy to hear he 'd picked a girl out at a bar that reminded him of her ... but it did . 
 `` wow . 
 okay , then . '' 
 `` you ca n't hold it against me , '' he said , nudging her with his elbow . 
 `` you were there for the same reason i was . 
 to find someone to bring home . '' 
 `` well , if we 're being honest ... '' she bit her lip . 
 `` i might have heard you could be showing up at the bar , '' she said in a rush . 
 `` so that might have made me come out last night . '' 
 he stopped walking , his gaze latching with hers . 
 the moonlight highlighted his face , and she ached to trace his sharp cheekbones with her thumbs . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously . '' 
 she lifted a shoulder , trying to play off the whole thing . 
 `` it 's nothing , really . 
 i think we both wanted to get closure , you know ? 
 we did n't have that before . 
 but now we do . '' 
 he dropped her hand , and for a second , she was hurt . 
 but then he threw his arm around her shoulder and hugged her close , leading her further down the boardwalk . 
 `` you 're a special girl . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 her cheeks heated up , but she snorted . 
 `` of course i do . 
 i mean , look at me . 
 i 'm the whole package , baby . '' 
 `` and so humble , too . '' 
 she curtsied . 
 `` the humblest . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 he laughed and dragged a hand through his hair . 
 when they reached grotto 's pizza , he stopped in front of the closed doors and stared at them , a far off look in his eyes . 
 `` it 's so weird being back here , walking down the boardwalk with you again . 
 talk about a f ** king time capsule . '' 
 `` yeah , but back then , we had n't seen each other naked . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` oh , but i wished i had . 
 believe me . '' 
 `` you should have gotten the nerve to kiss me . 
 i would 've kissed you back . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i might have even let you get to second base , if you were a good enough kisser . '' 
 `` back then ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` doubtful . 
 but then again , i did n't turn men g * y with my dead fish lips , either . '' 
 she gasped and punched his arm . 
 `` i knew i should n't have told you that , you brat . 
 i 'll kick your ass for that one . '' 
 `` all right , all right . '' 
 he laughed and backed away from her , his arms in the air . 
 `` that was a low blow , even for me . 
 i 'll allow one punch , but no more . '' 
 she crossed her arms and tapped her foot . 
 `` one more , to the gut . 
 you owe me that . '' 
 `` i already let you hit me once . '' 
 she took a step closer and punched her hand . 
 `` it was n't enough . 
 i need a good shot . '' 
 `` it 's not my fault you totally blew your shot , '' he said , his brow up . 
 he took a big step back . 
 `` i should n't be punished because you forgot how to punch me properly . '' 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 she lunged forward , trying to grab him , but he ended up swinging her into his arms and over his shoulder . 
 she had n't even seen him move , he 'd been that fast . 
 `` now who 's lost her touch ? '' 
 he taunted , slapping her ass with an open palm . 
 `` i might suck at bowling , but i obviously win at this . '' 
 she squeezed her thighs together . 
 that slap ... ugh . 
 it did bad things to her control . 
 `` fine . 
 you win . '' 
 he fondled her butt one more time , then slowly lowered her to her feet , letting her body slide over his the whole way . 
 when she was on solid ground , she smiled up at him . 
 `` but you forgot one thing . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he cocked a brow . 
 `` what would that be ? '' 
 she sucker punched him , laughing when he doubled over . 
 it had n't been a hard hit , but he 'd always been overly dramatic when it came to stuff like this . 
 `` it 's not over till someone gets hurt . '' 
 he leaned against the wall of grotto 's , clutching his stomach . 
 `` well , then , i think we 're good . '' 
 `` oh , stop being such a baby , '' she said , grinning . 
 `` want me to kiss it with my dead fish lips and make it better ? '' 
 he peeked out of one eye . 
 `` that might help me . '' 
 she crept closer , running her hands up his chest . 
 `` hmm . 
 let 's see . '' 
 she kissed his shoulder , then the spot directly over his nipple . 
 when she ran her hands over his abs , caressing him under his sweater , he hissed and dropped his head back against the wall . 
 `` shit , that feels good . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she pressed her body against his , rising up on tiptoe . 
 `` believe me , i know . '' 
 she kissed him , wrapping her arms behind his neck and pulling him down lower . 
 he wrapped his arms around her , holding her so gently she almost could n't feel it , and slanted his head to deepen the kiss . 
 by the time she pulled back , she had forgotten they were outside on the boardwalk in the first place . 
 it was n't until a gust of wind whipped her hair that she realized how cold it was getting . 
 she stepped back and wrapped her arms around herself and shivered . 
 `` you ready to head back to the truck ? 
 i 'm freezing out here . '' 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 he grinned and grabbed her hand , leading her back the way they 'd come . 
 `` know what ? 
 you 'd like california . '' 
 she glanced up at him , her heart skipping a beat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 'd love it , i 'm telling you . 
 it 's warm and sunny almost every single day . 
 and even though there 's no boardwalk where i live , i walk by the ocean every night before it gets dark . 
 and when the sun sets over the pacific ? 
 it 's breathtaking . 
 all the colors and hues over the blue water ... '' `` it sounds amazing . '' 
 she smiled , picturing him walking along the water , the waves crashing at his feet . 
 `` is the water warm ? '' 
 `` hell no . 
 it 's cold as f ** k. '' a surprised laugh escaped her . 
 `` but it 's always warm there . 
 that does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` the water comes down from alaska . '' 
 he traced a circle over her knuckle with his thumb . 
 `` so instead of the warm bahamas current we get here , there 's only cold water out there . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 `` me either . '' 
 he chuckled and smoothed his brown hair back from his forehead . 
 `` the first day i got there , i went running out onto the beach , my eyes on that blue water . 
 i went charging full speed ahead into it , expecting warm , bathwater-temperature water . 
 instead ? '' 
 he grinned down at her , his thumb still tracing circles on her hand . 
 `` i hauled my ass outta there faster than ever before . '' 
 she laughed , pressing a hand to her stomach . 
 `` i can totally picture the look on your face , too . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it said something like , ` holy f ** k , that 's cold as getting blue balls on a winter night . ' '' 
 she laughed even harder . 
 `` were they the same shade as your bowling ball ? '' 
 `` even worse . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 she shook her head , still smiling . 
 `` that sounds ... painful . '' 
 he cocked a brow . 
 `` you have no idea . 
 i might not be able to have children after that . '' 
 `` do you want to have children ? '' 
 he laughed , throwing his head back . 
 `` that 's not the point . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you wait . 
 there will be a bunch of little ethan 's running around some day . '' 
 the smile slipped off his face , and he glanced away . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she hesitated , sensing something going on inside of him , but not wanting to pry . 
 they approached the truck , and he led her to the passenger side , his fingers still entwined with hers . 
 he opened the door for her . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he kissed her forehead , closing his eyes for a second . 
 `` i missed this . 
 it 's been fun , ash . '' 
 she gripped his arm and smiled at the old nickname . 
 `` yeah , it has . 
 but it 's not over yet . 
 save the sentimental shit for when you 're walking out the door . '' 
 `` or better yet ? '' 
 he spun her into his arms . 
 `` how about if we avoid it all together . '' 
 he held his hand up in front of his heart . 
 `` i hereby do solemnly swear to lay no sentimental shit at your door , so help me god . '' 
 she grinned and raised her own hand . 
 `` i hereby so solemnly swear to keep my weak , feminine emotions bottled deep down inside of me , so help me god . '' 
 `` amen , '' he said . 
 he wrapped his arms around her and fused his mouth to hers , his tongue easily slipping inside her lips . 
 she ran her hands down his back , then cupped his ass , holding on tight . 
 when he broke off the kiss , his breathing uneven , he dropped his forehead to hers . 
 `` fuck , woman , what are you doing to me ? '' 
 `` i already told you . 
 we 're getting closure . '' 
 she snaked her hands around his body and rested her hand over his racing heart . 
 she 'd done that . 
 made his heart race with excitement . 
 `` want to get some more closure at my place before you go home to your own bed ? 
 i promise i wo n't kidnap you or give you a sleeping pill . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` well in that case , lead the way . '' 
 chapter eight the next afternoon , ethan walked down the boardwalk and sank onto the bench . 
 alex was grabbing them a few beers , and then he would be off to join ashley . 
 he stared at the ocean , even though he was n't really seeing it . 
 no , he kept seeing ashley , right before he left her last night . 
 ashley , after he kissed her goodnight . 
 it had been a hell of a lot harder to walk away from her last night than it should have been . 
 they 'd f ** ked twice , and he 'd still wanted more . 
 and even worse ? 
 he 'd wanted to stay with her all night long . 
 wanted to curl up in bed with her and hold her in his arms . 
 that was some scary f ** king shit right there . 
 as he 'd left last night , she 'd lifted her head and rested her temple on her palm . 
 `` you coming over tomorrow night for one hurrah ? '' 
 he 'd hesitated , knowing that it would n't make it any easier to walk away come monday , but helpless to say no . 
 crossing the room , he 'd bent down and kissed her gently . 
 `` i would n't miss it for the world . 
 see you at six . '' 
 and damn it , he would n't miss it . 
 he could n't . 
 he needed more of her before he boarded that flight . 
 `` you awake over here ? '' 
 alex said . 
 ethan started . 
 he 'd been so lost in thought that he had n't even heard anyone come up behind him . 
 `` yep , i 'm not that tired . '' 
 `` with all those late nights you 've been pulling lately , i figured you might have dozed off on me . '' 
 alex handed ethan a beer and sat down beside him . 
 `` here . 
 drink up . '' 
 he held up his own bottle and clinked ethan 's with his . 
 `` it 'll make you feel better , and you look like you need to feel better . '' 
 ethan took a swig . 
 `` beer does n't take away the problem . 
 it just hides it for a little while . '' 
 `` hey , that works for me . '' 
 alex shrugged . 
 `` wan na talk about it ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 ethan took another drink and set the bottle down . 
 he could feel alex 's eyes burning into him , so he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm fine , man . 
 i 've just got somewhere to be soon , so there 's not much time for talking . '' 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 ethan did n't even bother to deny there was a she . 
 `` ashley . '' 
 he squared his jaw and watched the stormy ocean . 
 `` but you probably already knew that . 
 everyone in this town talks . '' 
 alex leaned forward . 
 `` i may have heard a rumor about you making out at the bowling alley with a hot , little number who happens to be ashley , yeah . 
 there 's got ta be a story there . '' 
 yet another reason he hated this town . 
 you could n't fart sideways without father rick hearing about it and inviting you to come to confession saturday afternoon . 
 `` not really . '' 
 ethan took another swig of his drink . 
 `` we kissed . 
 i left . 
 and i 'll be heading back to cali on monday . 
 so there 's not much to tell . '' 
 alex sank back against the bench and crossed his ankles on the boardwalk . 
 `` i did n't know you still had a thing for her . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 he paused , then let out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` but i 'm still leaving town tomorrow night . '' 
 alex whistled through his teeth . 
 `` i never said you were n't , man . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i just wanted to make that clear . '' 
 he finished off his beer . 
 `` i hate this f ** king place . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 alex sighed and took a sip of his beer . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was n't here to help you . '' 
 ethan turned to him . 
 `` why would you be sorry ? 
 you were at college getting an education . 
 it 's not as if you ran away and left me on my own . '' 
 `` did n't i , though ? '' 
 alex met ethan 's eyes , his own past haunting him , one that ethan had n't even realized existed . 
 `` i think i did exactly that . '' 
 `` alex , you were living your life . '' 
 ethan placed a hand on alex 's shoulder , squeezing tight . 
 `` what were you supposed to do ? 
 put your life on hold so you could save your nerdy brother ? 
 i did n't want that , and neither should you have . '' 
 alex flexed his jaw . 
 `` i could have went somewhere closer . 
 kicked ass on the weekend . '' 
 `` you kicked enough asses for me over the years , and then i started kicking them all on my own . '' 
 ethan squeezed alex 's shoulder one last time . 
 `` i was fine without you , and you did nothing wrong . '' 
 alex nodded , but seemed less than convinced . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 `` dude . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` alex ? '' 
 a feminine voice asked . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 alex stiffened , cursed under his breath , straightened his shirt , and stood . 
 ethan watched in amazement . 
 he 'd never seen alex act so f ** king neurotic before . 
 `` hey , molly . 
 happy new year . '' 
 molly smiled . 
 `` it 's the second . '' 
 `` yeah , but still . '' 
 alex rubbed his jaw , his gaze focused on molly . 
 `` what are you up to ? '' 
 molly gestured behind her . 
 `` on my way to the office . 
 i have to prepare for a hearing on wednesday , and i put it off as long as possible . 
 it 's time to get back to it . 
 you know , being the expert witness and all . '' 
 `` and we thought our jobs would only be listening to people 's problems all day . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 added bonus of being a psychologist , i guess . '' 
 her gaze fell on ethan , and she pursed her lips . 
 `` ethan ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 ethan stood and offered his hand . 
 `` hey , molly . 
 nice to see you again . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` you grew up . '' 
 `` so did you . 
 you look great , '' ethan said , smiling . 
 and she really did . 
 he could n't believe the molly standing in front of him was the same molly from high school who 'd been almost as nerdy as him . 
 she was stunning and seemed completely oblivious to the fact that his brother-the school jock every girl had wanted , including her-was practically drooling all over her . 
 alex elbowed him in the ribs , pushing him back away from molly . 
 `` do n't you have that date to go to ? '' 
 ethan grinned . 
 `` i 'm good here . '' 
 `` i have to go anyway . '' 
 she smiled at ethan , then turned to alex. her smile faded . 
 `` i 'll see you at work next week ? '' 
 alex nodded , his grip tight on the beer bottle . 
 `` if you need any help later , just let me know . '' 
 `` i would n't bother you on your week off , '' she argued . 
 `` please . 
 it 's not an issue . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` thanks . 
 bye , guys . '' 
 `` bye , '' ethan called out . 
 alex just watched her leave with a frown . 
 `` you should go after her , '' ethan said , chugging back the last of his beer . 
 `` you obviously want to . 
 go for it . '' 
 `` you have no idea what you 're talking about , '' alex said , grimacing . 
 `` i do n't want to chase after her . 
 it 's molly . 
 just molly . '' 
 ethan snorted . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . '' 
 `` why do n't you focus on your own problems ... like with ashley ? 
 want to talk about your feelings there ? '' 
 alex asked , turning to him with a bland stare . 
 ethan shrugged , refusing to show how much he cared about her . 
 `` ashley is just ashley . '' 
 alex laughed . 
 `` ashley was never just ashley to you . '' 
 `` and on that note ? '' 
 ethan handed the empty bottle to alex. `` thanks for the drink , but i have to go . '' 
 `` go ahead . 
 run away again . '' 
 alex grinned and clapped him on the shoulder . 
 `` catch you later , bro . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 ethan bent down and gave alex a man-hug . 
 `` i 'll be home later . '' 
 `` i 'll wait up for you , '' alex joked . 
 ethan waved at his brother and then headed off in the direction of her condo , some weird form of sadness creeping over him . 
 it was as if ... as if he was sad to say goodbye again . 
 which made sense , in a way . 
 she was more than a fling . 
 she was his friend . 
 but then again , there was no reason they could n't remain friends . 
 hell , who knew ? 
 on the weekends where he had to come home to the godforsaken town , she might brighten his stay a little bit . 
 maybe he would even look forward to his visits a little bit from now on . 
 even now , after all these years , they still got along . 
 still laughed and shared and had fun . 
 but enough with the melancholy thoughts . 
 they were n't his style . 
 no regrets . 
 no attachments . 
 that was him . 
 not this longing feeling in his heart . 
 that was n't him . 
 tonight might be their last night together , but at least they 'd had the chance to be together in the first place . 
 he had to make tonight count . 
 had to make it last . 
 and after that , who knew ? 
 they might not be long-term romance material but it did n't mean he would never speak to her again . 
 never see her . 
 then again , how long would someone as fabulous as her stay single ? 
 he sucked in the frigid air , welcoming the freezing feeling in his lungs . 
 normally , the cold breeze and invigorating scent of the ocean would soothe his nerves and make his brain work out whatever was bothering him at the time . 
 not tonight . 
 not now . 
 but he had no idea why tonight was different . 
 ... ashley opened the door with a smile . 
 she 'd been waiting all day for ethan to come , and now that he had , she could n't deny the happiness that settled in her heart at the sight of him . 
 something about being with him brought out the old her . 
 the sweet , giggling version of her she 'd been before she grew up and matured . 
 and apparently , she 'd kind of missed that girl . 
 `` hey , you , '' she said , smiling up at him . 
 `` come in . '' 
 `` hey , yourself . '' 
 he bent down and kissed her cheek as he passed by . 
 `` you look lovely , as usual . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 `` you look pretty great , too . '' 
 ethan chuckled . 
 `` thanks , babe . '' 
 he walked inside and handed her a bouquet of white carnations . 
 she took them and watched him closely . 
 carnations had always been her favorite , but she had n't expected him to know that . 
 it had been years since she told him . 
 `` you remembered ? '' 
 `` of course i did . '' 
 he bent down and kissed her temple . 
 `` they 're your favorite . '' 
 she closed her eyes and took a deep breath , her entire body humming with life and lust at the small touch . 
 it was time to admit it . 
 she did n't want this to be their last night together . 
 that 's not to say she did n't accept it for what it was , but it still sucked . 
 she wished he could stay another day or two . 
 as a matter of fact , she did n't want him to leave her at all . 
 her eyes flew open at the thought . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell ? 
 where had that come from ? 
 and how could she shut that voice in the back of her mind up , once and for all ? 
 it had no place being so ... there . 
 she smiled up at him even though she was panicking inside at her inner thoughts . 
 `` thank you for the flowers . 
 they 're perfect . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he ran his finger over her lower back . 
 `` but tell me . 
 what is that delicious smell coming from the kitchen ? '' 
 she grinned and followed him toward the kitchen . 
 `` i cooked for you . 
 i thought it might be nice to have a quiet meal inside instead of going out , since it 's your last night home . '' 
 he turned to her , his brows up . 
 `` you cook ? 
 the same girl that burned toast-and almost my house with it-in tenth grade cooks ? '' 
 `` ha . 
 ha . 
 you 're real funny . 
 yeah , well , i learned . 
 i figured if i could accurately diagnose most common ailments and , oh yeah , save a life , then i could manage a cooking class or two . '' 
 he lifted a pot lid and peeked in . 
 `` spaghetti and meatballs ? 
 my favorite . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you told me in high school . 
 if i was going through all this trouble , '' she waved her hands towards the pots on the stove , `` then i might as well make sure it was for something you liked . '' 
 he did n't seem to hear her . 
 bending over , he popped the oven open and looked inside . 
 `` and apple pie ? 
 i ca n't believe you remembered all my favorites , too , after all this time . '' 
 `` well ... yeah . '' 
 she leaned against the counter , setting the flowers down . 
 when he closed the door and turned back to her , his eyes intense and his mouth pressed tight , she went on the defensive . 
 `` what ? 
 you remembered , too . 
 i 'm not the only one . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he closed the distance between them , lifting her chin up to him when he got close enough . 
 he pressed her against the cabinet , his erection pressing into her belly . 
 `` but i was half in love with you and everyone knew it . 
 i 'm supposed to remember . '' 
 it was on the tip of her tongue to tell him she 'd had feelings for him , too , but what was the point ? 
 her phone rang , breaking the staring contest they 'd been having . 
 she scrambled for it , flinching when she saw it was her mother . 
 she sighed . 
 it was the fifth call today alone . 
 she held her finger up to ethan and then raised her phone to her ear . 
 `` hey , mom . 
 now 's not - '' `` i forgot to take my medicine again , did n't i ? '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` no , mom . 
 remember ? 
 i came over earlier and gave them to you . 
 you did n't forget . '' 
 her mother made a weird noise . 
 `` i think i did . 
 i think i need to take more . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she rubbed her forehead , wanting nothing more than to scream . 
 `` i gave you the medicine , mom . 
 trust me . 
 besides , i have it all here at my place , remember ? '' 
 `` bring them back to me , '' her mom said , her voice pleading . 
 `` what if you forget ? '' 
 ashley shot ethan an apologetic smile , then turned her back on him . 
 he was watching her way too closely , and the pity in his eyes was loud and clear . 
 `` i wo n't forget , mom . 
 i 'm a doctor . '' 
 `` but - '' `` mom , you 're missing the news . 
 did n't you say you wanted to watch that tonight ? '' 
 her mom shuffled the phone , and ashley heard the tv click on . 
 `` yes . 
 you 're right , of course . '' 
 `` do n't forget about dancing with the stars tonight , too . '' 
 her mom turned the tv up . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow morning , right ? '' 
 `` yes , and i 'll bring the medicine with me . 
 do n't worry , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 her mom sighed . 
 `` i love you , dear . '' 
 `` love you , too , mom . '' 
 ashley hung up , taking a second to brace herself . 
 then she turned back to ethan and forced a smile . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 ethan stepped closer , his eyes still on hers . 
 `` is she always that forgetful ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's always thinking she forgot about her meds , but the truth is she just ca n't remember anything anymore . 
 that 's why i go to her house twice a day to give her the meds she needs . '' 
 ashley shrugged . 
 `` that way , it gets taken care of and she does n't od . 
 she almost did a few weeks ago . 
 took her meds three times . '' 
 ethan pulled her into his arms and kissed her forehead . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 why would he ? 
 she did n't whine about it . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` yeah , it is . '' 
 he cupped her chin . 
 `` if you ever need any help , let me know . '' 
 but he would n't be here to help . 
 she knew it and so did he , even if he was pretending otherwise at the moment . 
 so instead of saying anything in return , or thanking him for the kind offer ... she kissed him . 
 he let her have control of the kiss for all of three seconds before he turned it around on her , slanting his head just right so he could slip his tongue inside her mouth . 
 as he kissed her , his hands roamed all over her body . 
 her br ** sts . 
 her hips , her butt . 
 everywhere he touched burned with desire , with need . 
 the kind of need she 'd only ever felt for him . 
 he lifted her onto the edge of the counter , and positioned himself between her legs , pressing against her . 
 she curled her hands into his hair and yanked him even closer , sliding her legs around his waist . 
 he broke off the kiss and rested his forehead on hers . 
 `` do you have any idea what you do to me ? '' 
 `` i have a good idea . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he gripped the bottom of her dress and twisted it in his hands . 
 `` but right now , you need to lose the clothes . '' 
 she lifted her butt and pulled her dress out from under her . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 when she started to remove her dress , he grabbed her hands , stopping her . 
 without a reason or explanation why , he caught her mouth again , this time softer and sweeter . 
 the intense burning was still there , but alongside it was tenderness . 
 she opened her mouth , inviting him in . 
 he lifted her dress higher , breaking away only to pull it over her head . 
 when she pulled his shirt over his head , she sucked in a deep breath and took him in-his broad shoulders , his tight abs , his tribal tattoo on his pec . 
 she did n't have a whole lot of time to study it before he cupped her cheek and kissed her , his tongue flicking across her lips and into her mouth . 
 she held on to his hard bicep with one hand and rested her other one over his heart . 
 his fingers flexed on her jaw , and his free hand slid up her leg . 
 when he touched her inner thigh , just barely brushing against her clit , she tightened her grip on him . 
 he made her feel so much . 
 more than mere desire . 
 but she did n't want to feel more . 
 did n't want to want more when more was n't possible . 
 he lowered his lips to her neck , then to her shoulder . 
 when he slid her closer to the edge of the counter and took her bra off , she shut her thoughts off and traced the contours of his chest . 
 he was so hard and hot and male . 
 she put her hands on his waistband , undoing the button with a turn of her wrist , but he backed out of reach . 
 `` nope . 
 not yet . '' 
 she opened her eyes . 
 `` yes , now . '' 
 `` first ... '' his hand came back into view . 
 `` taste this . '' 
 he had whipped cream on his finger . 
 the whipped cream she 'd made to go with the apple pie and apparently left out on the counter . 
 her pulse hiked up a decimal point or two . 
 leaning forward , she flicked her tongue over the tip of his finger . 
 `` mm . 
 that 's good . '' 
 his eyes darkened as he watched her tongue move over him , licking him clean , and his jaw ticked . 
 reaching back into the bowl , he got another scoop on his finger . 
 `` let me have a taste . '' 
 she grinned , anxious to see where he would put it . 
 when he traced his fingertip over her nipple , she gasped and arched her back , shifting her weight on the edge of the countertop . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 he lowered his head and licked her , running his tongue over the sensitive bud with one long stroke . 
 then , he sucked her deep into his mouth and scraped his teeth against her . 
 when he pulled back and got another finger full of the cream , she gripped the edge of the counter tight . 
 he was going to kill her . 
 `` i need another turn . '' 
 he ran his free hand over her bare stomach , creeping close to her panties , but not quite delivering . 
 `` i do n't know what tasted better , you or the whipped cream . '' 
 with his free hand , he put more whipped cream on her other breast , and she closed her eyes , giving herself over to him completely . 
 ... ethan closed his mouth around her nipple , rolling his tongue over the hard bud and sucking up every drop of whipped cream . 
 her body undulated against him , her pelvis thrusted against his cock . 
 fuck , a man could get used to this . 
 she whimpered when he scraped his teeth over her nipple , so he did it again , only a little rougher this time . 
 she dropped her head back , her neck arching gracefully . 
 for a second , he pulled back and just looked at her . 
 she was f ** king perfect . 
 gorgeous . 
 if ever a woman called for him to change his loner ways , it was her . 
 he flexed his fingers on her , sliding closer to her sweet pu ** y . 
 she rolled her hips and pressed even closer , obviously wanting more than he was giving . 
 good . 
 he was more than willing to give it to her . 
 he traced his finger down her slit , then slid underneath her satin panties . 
 his fingers came away soaked . 
 fuck , he was ready for her , too . 
 had been before he even walked through the door . 
 he thrust a finger inside of her , grunting when her inner muscles clamped down . 
 capturing her mouth again , he swallowed her cries of pleasure . 
 he loved the noises she made when she got excited . 
 loved the way she clung to him , as if she was going to float away if she did n't . 
 hell , if he let himself , he could easily fall in love with her . 
 aw , f ** k no . 
 he had n't thought that . 
 he backed out of her arms , his eyes flying open . 
 hers did the same , and she looked at him in surprise . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 he shook his head and ran his hands down his face , trembling from what he 'd just thought . 
 of what he was feeling , damn it . 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 holy shit f ** k . 
 this was bad . 
 really bad . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she hopped off of the counter and came closer to him . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he needed to get his shit together . 
 he did n't actually love her . 
 he 'd simply thought it would be easy to fall for her , is all . 
 and even if he did fall for her-hypothetically-it would n't change this fling they had going . 
 would n't change them . 
 `` i just needed a second . '' 
 she blinked at him , a confused expression on her face . 
 seeing her standing there , topless with only a pair of black panties on , made his stomach clench down . 
 he took the step that distanced them and hauled her into his arms . 
 without another word , he kissed her with all the frustration and confusion he felt . 
 she sighed into his mouth and wrapped her arms around him , holding him close . 
 when she pressed her almost-naked length against him , he blessedly stopped thinking . 
 he backed her up against the countertop again , this time spinning her around . 
 he palmed her ass , his eyes taking in the view , then he slapped her lightly . 
 `` ethan , '' she uttered , bending forward against the counter , her breath coming out in tiny little pants . 
 he slapped her again , his gut clenching when she cried out and pressed even closer , begging for more . 
 he grit his teeth . 
 `` you 've been a bad girl . '' 
 she looked over her shoulder and licked her lips , pressing back into his hand . 
 `` do it again . '' 
 `` oh , i will . '' 
 he slapped her again , then knelt behind her . 
 reaching out , he slowly brought her panties down her thighs , inch by agonizing inch . 
 `` and i think i know just what to do next . '' 
 her thighs trembled when he spread her wider , then slid his hand in between them , watching his finger trace her entrance . 
 `` you have no idea how hot you look right now . '' 
 `` ethan , '' she whimpered , her voice cracking . 
 moving even closer , he thrust a finger inside of her , watching as it disappeared inside her body . 
 she cried out and gripped the edge of the counter top , her entire body going tight . 
 he bit her ass cheek , sliding another finger inside of her with the first . 
 her pu ** y clenched down on his fingers . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 he moved his fingers inside of her , fast and hard . 
 she tightened around him even more , so he nibbled on the spot where her ass and back met . 
 as he worked her over with one hand , he unfastened the buttons on his jeans with the other . 
 he even managed to get a condom out of his pocket without breaking pace . 
 she grew hotter and wetter with every thrust of his fingers , her muscles tight and quivering around him . 
 `` fuck , you 're so tight , babe . '' 
 `` please take me now . '' 
 when he removed his hand , she slumped onto the countertop , her breathing uneven and harsh . 
 he quickly rolled the condom on before plunging inside of her with one sure stroke . 
 she cried his name as he moved inside of her , hard and quick . 
 there was no holding back . 
 not this time . 
 reaching around her , he cupped her tits and held on to her , pumping inside of her again and again . 
 when she tightened around his cock , he bit down on her shoulder and thrust inside of her one more time . 
 they came together , their cries intermingling . 
 he collapsed against her , enjoying the sweet smell of her hair and her naked body against his . 
 `` do n't go tonight , '' she said softly . 
 `` we only have one more night , and i want to spend it all with you . '' 
 he swallowed hard , trying to hold off the rising panic . 
 because he wanted to stay . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll stay . 
 but i need a second , okay ? '' 
 she nodded , and he pulled out of her , picked up his pants , and walked away . 
 as soon as he was in the bathroom , he closed the door , locked it , and collapsed against it . 
 he 'd agreed to stay with her , but that was n't what made him want to curl up in a ball and hide from the world . 
 he 'd broken not one , but two , of his rules . 
 agreeing to stay was a bad idea . 
 but then , as if that was n't bad enough , he 'd started to fall for her . 
 again . 
 chapter nine ashley set his plate down on the dinner table , being careful not to get too close to the flickering candlelit flame . 
 though she 'd thrown her dress back on , she had n't bothered with anything else . 
 for his part , ethan wore his pants and his shirt , but he 'd left it undone . 
 now that was quite the sight . 
 as soon as the plate hit the table , he was behind her , hugging her from behind . 
 she closed her eyes and took a deep breath , wanting nothing more than to freeze this moment . 
 right now , right here , she was happy . 
 but he was leaving tomorrow , so she better not get too used to it . 
 he kissed her shoulder and then let go of her . 
 `` it smells delicious . 
 it 's a big step from the burnt toast you used to serve me . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she forced a lighthearted smile and spun in his arms , her hands resting on his chest . 
 `` hopefully , you 'll be able to eat this meal with just as big of a smile as you did back then . '' 
 he had , too . 
 he 'd eaten the whole piece of toast , even though it had been black . 
 he laughed and bussed her nose . 
 `` i think this might be a little bit more enjoyable , even . '' 
 `` you know ... i may have burnt that toast on purpose to get back at you for beating me in bowling . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i guess we do n't have to worry i 've done the same with this meal , huh ? '' 
 he narrowed his eyes on her . 
 `` that was low . '' 
 `` then or now ? '' 
 `` both , '' he replied , a brow up . 
 `` i think i need a kiss to make up for it . '' 
 `` hm . '' 
 she stood on her tiptoes to kiss him . 
 `` all better ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . '' 
 she kissed his jaw this time . 
 she 'd never been much of an affection-shower before , but with him , it just felt right . 
 `` how about now ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 his hands snaked around her waist and cupped her ass . 
 `` much better . '' 
 she slapped at his arm and laughed . 
 they both sat down in their seats , and she picked up her wine to take a sip . 
 he did the same , his eyes on her the whole time . 
 when he lowered the glass , he opened his mouth , but then closed it . 
 as if he did n't know what to say . 
 `` thank you for this weekend . 
 it 's been incredible . 
 when i leave tomorrow , you can bet you 'll be the one on my mind when the plane takes off , '' he said , his voice thick . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her throat threatened to close up on her . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he shot her a weird look . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i just had something stuck in my throat . '' 
 she cleared it and took another sip of wine for good measure . 
 `` there . 
 all better . '' 
 he did n't reply , but instead turned his attention to his food . 
 he cut a meatball in half and popped it into his mouth . 
 as he chewed , his eyes closed , and he let out a moan . 
 man , she liked that . 
 liked having him here . 
 god help her . 
 `` you 've definitely come a long way . '' 
 he ate another bite and swallowed . 
 `` holy shit , i might have to stow you away in my luggage and bring you back to california with me , kicking and screaming the whole way . '' 
 her heart sped up even though he was kidding . 
 he was so obviously kidding . 
 `` nope . 
 not happening , '' she said , keeping her tone light and teasing . 
 she popped a piece of meatball into her mouth and chewed , waving her fork in his direction . 
 `` you want my cooking ? 
 then you have to stay here , in rehoboth hell . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 actually shuddered . 
 `` not even fabulous food could keep me here . 
 this town is hell on earth . '' 
 she swallowed hard , not letting his refusal hurt her . 
 it 's not as if she 'd actually begged him to stay or anything . 
 it 's not as if she told him she was falling for him more and more every minute they spent together . 
 she swallowed her bite . 
 `` sammy 's diner has the best eggs benedict this side of the country , and you know it . '' 
 `` i wo n't argue there . '' 
 he ate another bite . 
 `` but unless sammy is willing to leave with me , i 'll have to leave him behind , too . '' 
 she looked up at him in surprise . 
 she had the feeling he was n't talking about sammy ... but about her . 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 `` sammy ca n't go . 
 his job is here . '' 
 he leaned in , catching her gaze . 
 `` sammy could open up a diner in california . '' 
 he broke eye contact and picked up his wine , taking a long pull of it . 
 `` there 's plenty of opportunity out there for someone with sammy 's skills . '' 
 `` ah , that 's not possible . '' 
 she picked up her wine . 
 `` sammy is n't able to move to california because he has obligations . '' 
 `` sammy can bring his obligations with him , '' ethan argued . 
 and move her mother out there in her fragile state ? 
 yeah . 
 not happening . 
 `` you could move here and get over the feeling that everyone here is laughing at you , '' she suggested . 
 `` then sammy would n't have to move . '' 
 `` it 's not a feeling . '' 
 he set his glass down hard . 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 `` puh-lease . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` no one even remembers the boy you were once they see you now . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` yeah , they do . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , not touching the food he said he so loved . 
 `` they see the same boy who stuttered his way through childhood . 
 they see the boy who they shoved into lockers for fun . 
 they see the boy they kicked and hit and threw around . 
 that 's all they see , and it 's all i 'll ever be here . 
 why the hell would i want to come back ? '' 
 her heart broke for the boy he 'd been ... but he was n't that boy now . 
 not anymore . 
 `` i think you 're the one who does n't see the man you are . 
 not the other way around . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 when i 'm here , that 's what they see . 
 it 's who i am . '' 
 he pushed back from the table and stood up , pacing in front of her . 
 `` this town is full of ass ** les who spent their childhood torturing me . '' 
 ashley pressed her lips together . 
 `` not all of us are . 
 but i 'm not here to argue with you or change your mind . '' 
 `` you just do n't see it , is all . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't even mind it , in small doses . 
 but moving here ? 
 hell no . 
 besides , i have a great job in california . 
 i ca n't just walk away from that . '' 
 `` you could start over if you wanted to . 
 show them - '' `` i already started over in california . '' 
 he caught her gaze , seeming to try to make her understand . 
 and she did , to an extent . 
 but that did n't mean she would n't miss him once he left , damn it . 
 `` out there , i 'm just a guy who does a damn fine job at his career . 
 one who is successful and kind and a bit of a loner by choice . 
 it 's who i am now ... but not when i 'm here . 
 when i 'm here , i 'm still that small boy who no one liked . 
 and i 'm really f ** king tired of having to prove myself over and over and over . '' 
 she stood up , too . 
 `` i liked you back then . 
 i wanted you to stay . '' 
 he froze , his eyes meeting hers . 
 the vulnerability in them , the sadness , hit her in the heart a lot harder than she would have ever thought possible . 
 `` i know . 
 but you liking me when we were kids is n't enough . 
 it 's not enough to make me come back h-here . '' 
 she flinched . 
 she could n't help it . 
 the truth hurt . 
 the truth was a bitch . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i need more out of life than that . '' 
 he watched her , as if he waited for her to say something . 
 so she did . 
 `` well , at least i can facebook stalk you now , right ? '' 
 he laughed , but it sounded forced . 
 `` you could even go so far as to friend me . 
 i just might approve you . '' 
 she smiled but did n't feel it . 
 he did n't need to know how much it hurt her to let him go . 
 to watch him walk away again . 
 at least this time she would get a goodbye , though . 
 `` if you do n't , i 'll kick your ass . 
 but it 's for the best , anyway . 
 you leaving . 
 it 's not like this would work . '' 
 he crossed his arms , the vulnerability she 'd seen earlier fading away with a blink of his eyes , and shifted on his feet . 
 `` as if what would work ? '' 
 `` us . '' 
 she moved her finger back and forth between them . 
 `` this . '' 
 his jaw flexed , and his nostrils flared . 
 `` we 're friends . 
 beyond that , we were just an extended one-night stand . '' 
 his voice was hard . 
 `` just like you wanted . 
 like i wanted . '' 
 she nodded , even though she wanted nothing more than to scream at him for making her feel as if they did n't have anything between them when she knew they did . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she sat back down . 
 `` are you going to sit back down and eat ? 
 or are you going to run away again ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it 's your thing . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` you run . 
 i get it . 
 i tend to push people away until they run , so we make a good team . '' 
 he sat down and picked up his fork . 
 `` i 'm not f ** king running anywhere . '' 
 she raised a brow but did n't say anything . 
 she did n't need to . 
 he was running ... he just had n't left yet . 
 ... ethan swallowed the bite of meatball , but he did n't even taste it . 
 this whole thing was becoming a big , f ** king mess . 
 this weekend was supposed to be a carefree fling with a woman he used to care for , but now she was looking at him as if she wanted more . 
 and he was n't sure he had more to give . 
 he knew what he wanted out of life , and living in rehoboth beach was n't it . 
 as a matter of fact , it might be the last thing on this world he wanted out of life . 
 there was nothing to be done for it . 
 she did n't want to leave , and he did n't want to stay . 
 if that was n't answer enough as to how this weekend would end , then he was a pink-footed elephant with wings . 
 she took another bite and watched him closely , her face calm and impassive . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he took another sip of wine . 
 he had a feeling he was going to need it by the time she opened her mouth , from the way this night had been going so far . 
 `` go for it . '' 
 she set her fork down . 
 `` why do n't you ever want to get married ? '' 
 `` i do n't want kids . '' 
 he tightened his hand on his fork . 
 `` wives want kids . '' 
 `` why do n't you want kids anymore ? '' 
 she asked softly , her eyes on him . 
 `` you wanted them before . 
 when we were kids . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 when i was a kid myself . 
 i did n't know what i wanted any more than you did . '' 
 he dragged a hand through his hair . 
 `` and if you must know , i do n't want kids because i do n't want to watch my child go through what i went through and not be able to change it . '' 
 she sucked in a deep breath and reared back , her mouth in a perfect o shape . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` yes , seriously . '' 
 she shook her head and grabbed her wineglass with a trembling hand . 
 `` that 's one of the saddest things i 've ever heard . 
 you 'd be an excellent father , and i 'm sure you could handle the bullying and tears , if it came to that . '' 
 he fisted his hands in his lap . 
 it might sound sad to her , but it 's how he 'd planned his life . 
 and he was n't changing it just because she thought he could be better than he thought . 
 it 's not as if she was going to be in his life . 
 no , she had n't given any indication of wanting that at all . 
 which was good . 
 right ? 
 he forced himself to shrug nonchalantly . 
 `` yeah , well , it 's all part of my life plan . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` so , then , your plan is to be alone for the rest of your life ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 she flinched and studied him . 
 he saw concern in her eyes , loud and clear . 
 `` but does that make you happy ? '' 
 `` i 've been happy since i left , ash . 
 i know it 's not what you want to hear , but it 's true . 
 i like the life i 've built in california . 
 i like my job . 
 my friends . 
 and i like not getting attached or caring about who i 'm with . 
 it 's how i am now . '' 
 at least he had , up until finding ashley again . 
 right this second ? 
 with her sitting across the table looking at him as if ... as if she cared for him ? 
 hell yeah , he was happy . 
 he shifted in his chair , realizing that she was a huge contributor to his current happiness . 
 `` you know what i think ? '' 
 she set her glass down . 
 `` i think you 're scared . '' 
 he motioned her onward , even though he did n't really want to hear what she had to say . 
 `` do n't stop there . 
 tell me . 
 what am i scared of ? '' 
 `` i think you 're scared of feeling anything because you 're scared to get hurt . 
 i think you do n't know what you want out of life , so you hide behind your plans . 
 you use them like a shield , not letting anyone get too close . 
 not letting yourself care . 
 but you do care . 
 i can see it in your eyes when you look at me . '' 
 she tapped her fingers on the table . 
 `` you care , whether you want to or not . '' 
 she hit way too close to home with that . 
 the fact that she could read him so easily scared the shit out of him . 
 he forced a laugh . 
 `` are you taking a class in phycology or something ? '' 
 `` i have before , but not now . '' 
 she lifted her hand and then let it fall back to the table . 
 `` why ? 
 was i right ? '' 
 he took a shaky breath , not quite meeting her gaze . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 she canted her head and offered him a small smile . 
 `` do me . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he cocked a brow . 
 `` i thought i just did . '' 
 she waved a hand . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 analyze me . 
 it 's only fair since i did you , right ? '' 
 he did n't want to analyze her . 
 but then he opened his mouth , and the words came flying out uncontrollably . 
 `` i think you 're a little bit bitter that you 're being forced to move back home , but you 're doing it anyway because that 's how you are . 
 and i think you want me to come back so you 're not here all alone , and so we can be friends just like in the old days , but you also know me well enough to know that i wo n't , so you have n't asked . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` and i think you 're scared , too , of what you 're going to do now that you 're stuck back in this town . 
 i know i would be , too . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 she blinked at him . 
 `` that 's pretty damn correct . 
 did you take a class in phycology ? '' 
 he let out an uneasy laugh . 
 `` i might have taken a course for fun in senior year . '' 
 `` well , then , let me ask you another question . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` does part of you want to stay for me , even though you never would ? 
 even though i would never ask you to ? '' 
 he stiffened . 
 he could n't see what good would possibly come of him answering that question . 
 `` ashley ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 when he did n't continue , she cocked her head . 
 `` you going to answer , or what ? '' 
 `` there 's no point in answering that question at all , '' he gritted out . 
 telling her that he was tempted would do no good . 
 temptation or not , he was n't going to stay . 
 end of story . 
 `` so , no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 i want to know . '' 
 `` because you wo n't like the answer i give . '' 
 she cocked a brow . 
 `` try me . 
 i think i can handle it . '' 
 she was pushing too hard-too fast . 
 his fight or flight instinct kicked it , and he did n't know which was stronger . 
 `` no , i do n't even think about staying here at all . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' she said , not even flinching at his denial . 
 he ran his hands down his face . 
 `` okay , that 's not entirely true . 
 if i was going to do it for anyone , it would be for you . '' 
 why had he said that ? 
 he looked her in the eye and opened his mouth to take it back . 
 to deny everything he was feeling for her-even if he did n't know what the hell that was . 
 to keep his heart safe . 
 but when he opened his mouth , nothing came out . 
 nothing at all . 
 she bit her lower lip . 
 `` when you walk away from me in the morning-and do n't worry , i wo n't try to stop you-i 'll miss you . 
 i just thought you should know . '' 
 `` we can keep in touch . '' 
 she gave a little laugh . 
 `` i know . 
 but still . 
 it 's not the same as ... '' she motioned at the table and twisted her lips in a poor imitation of a smile . 
 `` this . 
 i 'll miss this . '' 
 somewhere in the middle of this meal , something inside of him had shifted , leaving his heart vulnerable to attack . 
 and , man , she attacked mercilessly without even trying . 
 he made a broken sound he could n't believe came from his own f ** king mouth , stood up , came around the table , and cupped her behind the nape of the neck . 
 he kissed her , not even bothering to offer a reply . 
 it was n't a kiss of dominance or even passion . 
 it felt more like an admission of sorts . 
 and knowing she felt the same ... something ... that he felt , well , that made this all the more difficult to accept . 
 he wanted to stay here , with her , but he could n't . 
 would n't . 
 so he kissed her instead . 
 `` i 'll miss this , too , but it does n't change the fact that i 'm not staying . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she bit down on her lip . 
 `` i did n't ask you to stay . '' 
 and she had n't . 
 she got him , and he liked that about her . 
 he started for her bedroom , and she laid her head on his chest . 
 he closed his eyes for a second , memorizing the way she felt in his arms , then laid her down on the bed . 
 her hair flowed over the pillow , and she looked up at him with equal parts sadness and acceptance in her eyes . 
 she knew , just as much as he did , that this would be their last time together . 
 that come tomorrow , he 'd go back to his safe world in california . 
 and she 'd be stuck here . 
 he laid his body on top of hers , his lips touching hers gently . 
 this time it would n't be about the thrill or the rush . 
 this time , it would be about memories . 
 about two people who cared about one another , even if they were n't right for each other . 
 about moving on . 
 how long would it be before some smart man claimed her as his own ? 
 her lips opened under his , and she wrapped her hands around the back of his neck , holding him in place . 
 as if she was scared he was going to leave , and the worst part was he was . 
 in the morning , before she woke up , he 'd be gone . 
 it would be better that way . 
 after all , what could be sweeter than this ? 
 and once he left , she 'd move on without him . 
 maybe find a man who was n't as averse to living in rehoboth as he was . 
 chapter ten ashley woke up the next morning , her thighs sore and her heart aching . 
 she rolled over , reaching out for him with her hand . 
 all she felt was empty sheets . 
 she knew , without even opening her eyes , that he 'd left her while she was asleep . 
 he 'd run from her again , but this time she was n't chasing him down . 
 he was free . 
 it 's not as if she had n't known it was coming . 
 but still , it was slightly disappointing . 
 part of her had hoped he would stick around to say goodbye . 
 maybe a lingering kiss and a promise to never forget her ... but , yeah , she had n't even gotten that . 
 had he even spent the night , or had he crept away in the dark of the night , not willing to spend the night in her bed ? 
 she sat up , hugging the sheets to her chest . 
 her eyes skimmed over the room , looking for his shoes or something that would tell her he had n't just walked away from her . 
 something that told her he at least cared enough to say goodbye . 
 all she saw was the empty chair where his coat had been and her own clothes scattered about . 
 he was gone-and she was alone . 
 the door to her condo shut , and she jumped out of the bed the second she heard it , picking up her nightie and pulling it over her head . 
 she could chase after him . 
 get that last kiss she 'd so fiercely desired . 
 but then what ? 
 he would still go away , and she would still left behind in rehoboth instead of living her big city dreams , taking care of her mother . 
 she did n't mind doing it so much . 
 it was part of being an only child . 
 but she needed a man by her side that would n't run away . 
 one that did n't require chasing . 
 and ethan ? 
 he was n't it . 
 it was time to let him go . 
 so ... she let him go . 
 she sat down and stared at her empty , rumpled bed . 
 what the heck was she supposed to do next ? 
 ... she had n't chased after him . 
 ethan shoved his last shirt into his suitcase and closed it . 
 when he went to zip it up , he realized he would never get the damn thing closed unless he actually folded the clothes . 
 man , he was horrible at packing . 
 just like relationships . 
 he felt like screaming . 
 hell , he missed her already , and he had n't even left yet . 
 he could n't help replaying that conversation over and over again in his head . 
 how long would it be before she moved on with a guy who would n't push her away ? 
 how long before she was getting married and having little ashley 's that he 'd never get to help raise ? 
 damn it , he was going crazy . 
 he did n't even want kids . 
 he guessed part of his uncertainty was the doubt . 
 every other time they separated , she was always the first one to tell him to come back . 
 to stop being such a runner . 
 but she had n't texted him at all . 
 had he really expected her to ? 
 he sat down next to the suitcase and rubbed his forehead . 
 his head felt like it was ready to explode at the slightest provocation and the pain pulling at his heart every time he thought of ashley , and leaving her behind was n't helping . 
 he swallowed hard and flopped back on the bed , glowering up at the ceiling . 
 he was in his old bedroom , and hanging over his bed was the picture ashley had made for him when he stopped talking to her . 
 it was a collage made from different pictures of them through the years . 
 she had slipped it into his locker toward the end of the school year after he 'd spent months avoiding her . 
 even after he 'd been a complete jerk to her , she 'd come after him . 
 but not anymore . 
 had he really expected any different ? 
 such a tangled web he had gotten himself into . 
 he eyed the picture , which said friends forever under their smiling faces . 
 though he had n't said a word to her about it , when he 'd gotten home he had hung it up on his wall . 
 after telling himself it was part of his past , he had n't packed it among his things when he moved away from delaware . 
 but he 'd never been able to take it down , even after all of this time . 
 probably never would . 
 a knock sounded at the door . 
 ethan turned , expecting to see alex , but it was his mom . 
 `` oh , hi , mom . '' 
 she came in and eyed his mess of a suitcase . 
 `` you packing up already ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i do have a flight to catch in a few hours , after all . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 she sat down on his bed . 
 `` i thought you might decide to stay this time , though . '' 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 `` ashley . 
 i heard you two spent a lot of time together . '' 
 his mom reached out and squeezed his hand . 
 `` i always thought you two would end up getting married , you know . '' 
 ethan swallowed hard . 
 he did n't want that . 
 but even so ... he could see it . 
 it made his heart speed up , the thought of her walking down the aisle toward him . 
 `` mom , we 're just friends . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' she said , dropping his hand . 
 `` when will you be back ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 ethan picked up a shirt off of the floor and turned back to her . 
 normally , he would say next christmas , but he wanted to come back sooner than that . 
 maybe see what ashley was up to . 
 how she was adjusting to being her mom 's caretaker . 
 just check in on her , like any good friend would . 
 `` maybe easter ? '' 
 `` that 's better than christmas , which is what i was expecting to hear , but still months away . '' 
 she nibbled on her lower lip and tugged on a piece of her graying hair . 
 `` ca n't you come home more often ? '' 
 she asked him this every time he came back , and every time ... his answer was the same . 
 `` mom , i live in california . '' 
 he tossed the shirt in to his suitcase . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 the time will go by fast . '' 
 `` that 's not why you do n't come home , '' she said , picking up the shirt he 'd just tossed into the suitcase and folding it in her lap . 
 `` it 's because you hate this town . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` well , can you blame me ? '' 
 `` no , and i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she sighed and set his shirt down , then raised her dark brown eyes to his . 
 `` i wish we could have protected you from your childhood . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 ethan sat down and threw his arm over her frail shoulders . 
 `` you took care of me , mom . 
 there 's nothing to be sorry for . '' 
 `` i know , but still . '' 
 she rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` i just wish you could come back home . 
 people change , you know . 
 it 's not so bad anymore . '' 
 ethan stiffened . 
 everyone kept telling him that , and maybe they were right . 
 but he had n't changed enough to accept this town . 
 it just was n't possible . 
 `` i know , but i 'm still leaving . '' 
 his mom nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 but i still wish you would n't . '' 
 she kissed him on his cheek and then stood . 
 `` i 'll let you pack , though . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 you know i love you , right , mom ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she smiled at him , but it was a sad smile . 
 `` i 've never doubted that . '' 
 she left the room , passing alex as he came in . 
 `` everything okay in here ? '' 
 alex asked , hesitating at the doorway . 
 `` mom looks sad . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 ethan rubbed his forehead again and then rolled to his feet . 
 `` i 'm just trying to pack since my flight leaves in a few hours , but i ca n't get my damn clothes to fit in the suitcase . '' 
 `` hey , here 's a suggestion . 
 it might sound a little bit off the wall , but maybe you should try folding them . '' 
 alex stepped inside and picked up a shirt . 
 `` i 'll help you , but i 'm not doing it alone . '' 
 ethan grabbed another shirt . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` want to talk about it ? '' 
 alex asked , his voice light . 
 ethan froze , a half folded shirt in his hands . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` the weather . '' 
 alex rolled his eyes . 
 `` ashley , dumbass . '' 
 normally , this was the part where ethan refused to talk about his feelings . 
 refused to come clean . 
 but for once ? 
 hell yeah , he wanted to talk about it . 
 `` i left , and she did n't come after me . 
 she always comes after me . 
 she just let me go this time . '' 
 `` would that have made a difference ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 his brother ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` in whether you stayed or went ? '' 
 no . 
 yes . 
 maybe . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` you know what she called me last night ? '' 
 alex raised a brow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a runner . 
 she said it so matter-of-factly , as if she knew and accepted this about me . 
 i did n't realize it before , but that 's what i am . '' 
 he stared at the crack in his bedroom wall , where he 'd punched it after finding roger and ashley together . 
 `` i 'm a f ** king runner . '' 
 alex shrugged . 
 `` so ? 
 if that 's who you are , then it 's who you are . 
 we all have something we do that we should n't . '' 
 `` but you know the f ** ked up part ? 
 i almost want to stay . 
 move back here and live in this godforsaken town , just so i can see her . 
 be with her . '' 
 he looked at alex , whose brown eyes were narrowed on him with concern . 
 `` i almost want to stop running . '' 
 alex froze , the shirt he was folding dropping to his feet . 
 `` and will you ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 ethan finished folding the shirt and grabbed the one alex dropped off of the floor . 
 it was the shirt he wore to the bar a couple of days ago . 
 the night he 'd gone home with her . 
 had it really been so short of a time since they reunited ? 
 `` ca n't ? '' 
 alex asked , snatching the shirt back . 
 `` or wo n't ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` it does n't f ** king matter . 
 i just feel ... bad about letting her down . '' 
 alex shook his head . 
 `` see what love does to men ? 
 it 's why i 'll never succumb to the illness . '' 
 `` who said anything about love ? '' 
 ethan asked , slamming the shirt down on the bed . 
 `` i did n't say i loved her . 
 i just ... just ... '' need to be with her to breathe . 
 want to stay with her . 
 ache to spend my life with her . 
 `` well , shit . '' 
 `` let me guess . 
 you just love her ? '' 
 alex asked , his brow up . 
 `` that , brother , is why i 'm the psychologist . '' 
 `` i knew i had feelings for her , ones that could develop if given time , but i did n't know i 'd already fallen back in love with her . '' 
 he rubbed his jaw , his eyes on the picture of them she 'd drawn . 
 `` son of a bitch , how did that happen ? '' 
 `` shit if i know . 
 speaking of avoiding love ... '' alex grinned . 
 `` i 'm quite good at it . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 ethan dragged his hands down his face . 
 `` this does n't change anything . 
 i 'm still leaving . 
 it 's not like she loves me , too , or anything . '' 
 `` did you ask her ? '' 
 ethan growled . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 `` well , then , how do you know she does n't love you ? '' 
 `` because i do . 
 we had an agreement , and we both need to stick to our sides of it . 
 i promised her a weekend of no-strings-attached fun , and she 'll get it . '' 
 ethan continued packing . 
 `` my feelings do n't change that . 
 besides , she did n't try to stop me . 
 she obviously wants me to go . '' 
 `` you trying to convince me of that , or yourself ? '' 
 `` fuck off , '' ethan snapped . 
 alex shrugged . 
 `` you 're just mad because i 'm right . '' 
 `` stop treating me like i 'm one of your patients . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 `` fine , '' alex said . 
 `` but one more question . 
 are you staying or going ? '' 
 ethan stared at his feet . 
 could he stay ? 
 was that even a question ? 
 jesus . 
 `` i 'm going . 
 i have a life in california . 
 a job . 
 a house ... '' ethan tossed his unfolded shirt onto the bed . 
 `` how about we get a drink real quick , though ? 
 because i f ** king need one . '' 
 alex clenched his jaw . 
 `` fine . 
 let 's go , then . '' 
 `` stop acting like you 're so disappointed in me , '' ethan said , shooting his brother a dirty look . 
 `` how could you actually expect me to want to stay here ? '' 
 alex shrugged as they descended the stairs . 
 `` easy . 
 you just do n't get on the plane . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' ethan said , rubbing his temples as they went down the stairs and out the front door . 
 `` i do n't belong here . '' 
 `` i , for one , know that mom would be happy if you did . 
 and i have a feeling ashley would be , too , no matter what you say . '' 
 alex nudged ethan in the ribs . 
 `` hell , even i miss you , bro . 
 the whole town does . '' 
 ethan snorted . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 `` that i miss you ? '' 
 alex asked , his brow furrowed . 
 `` no , that the town does . '' 
 ethan shrugged , shoving his hands into his pockets as the rounded the corner . 
 `` they might miss bullying me , but that 's about it . '' 
 `` dude , people grow up . '' 
 alex snorted and pointed at the small coffee shop they passed . 
 `` has anyone been a dick to you this week ? '' 
 ethan hesitated . 
 `` no . 
 everyone 's been nice . '' 
 `` even the ones who were ass ** les to you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 ethan rubbed the back of his neck . 
 `` it does n't mean they 're all these great people now , though . 
 they still treated me like shit . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but they grew up . 
 dude , people do that . 
 you need to open your f ** king eyes . '' 
 alex swiped his hand through the air . 
 `` timmy , the guy who gave you a black eye ? 
 he owns that coffee shop now and is fat as f ** k. and remember my friend bobby , the dickwad ? '' 
 `` yeah ... '' `` school guidance counselor now , '' alex said . 
 ethan groaned . 
 `` those poor kids . '' 
 `` nope , he 's actually good at it . 
 tells them stories of what not to do ... '' alex shrugged . 
 `` i 'm just saying . 
 people change . 
 you did , too . '' 
 ethan let out a breath . 
 `` that 's true . 
 i guess i just never thought of it like that . '' 
 they pushed through the doors of the bar and sat down . 
 the bartender turned to them with a smile , and ethan flinched . 
 it was one of the football jocks that had taken pleasure in torturing him all throughout high school . 
 `` what can i get for you , alex ? '' 
 he looked at ethan . 
 `` hey , man . '' 
 ethan clenched his fists . 
 the f ** ker did n't even recognize him . 
 and he was actually thinking about moving back to this place ? 
 man , the things love did to a guy . 
 `` i 'll have two fingers of makers mark , please . '' 
 `` the same , '' alex said , leaning an elbow on the bar and turning to scope out the bar behind him . 
 `` do you recognize who 's with me , brad ? '' 
 brad poured their drinks then turned back to them , his lips pursed . 
 `` kind of . 
 i know you , do n't i ? '' 
 well , there was no avoiding it now . 
 time to fess up . 
 `` yeah . 
 ethan pierce , alex 's little brother . '' 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 he set the drink in front of ethan , then added some more . 
 `` i 'm brad . 
 do you remember me ? '' 
 `` it 's hard to forget the guy who shoved me into lockers , '' ethan replied dryly , lifting his glass in salute . 
 `` how you been , man ? '' 
 brad 's cheeks heated . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 and yeah , sorry about that . '' 
 ethan blinked at him . 
 `` uh , okay . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 alex murmured , kicking him in the shin . 
 `` change . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 brad leaned on the bar and met ethan 's eyes . 
 `` i have kids now , and the things i did to you ? 
 not f ** king cool . 
 i guess fatherhood gives you a new perspective on things . '' 
 ethan could n't believe it . 
 ashley had been right , and so had alex. they kept insisting that people change and that he might not find the people he 'd hated quite so hateful anymore . 
 and now one of his biggest tormentors was being nice to him ? 
 unbelievable . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 we grew up , right ? '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` people move on . '' 
 `` or leave all together , '' alex muttered . 
 `` dude , i get it , '' ethan snapped . 
 `` chill . '' 
 brad grinned , ignoring alex all together . 
 `` right . 
 i hear you 're doing it work now ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 ethan took another drink . 
 alex leaned in . 
 `` yeah , but he might be coming back to town , though . 
 what do you think about that ? '' 
 `` alex , '' ethan growled . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 `` that would be awesome if you did , though . '' 
 he swiped the bar clean . 
 `` the town always talks about you , you know . 
 how much you 've done with your life , how much you 've seen . '' 
 ethan choked on his drink . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` yeah , you 're one of the only ones who actually left this place . 
 went out and saw the world . '' 
 ethan swallowed hard . 
 `` thanks , man . '' 
 ashley was right . 
 the world had changed . 
 but he had n't . 
 ethan downed the last of his drink . 
 `` i have to go finish packing , then i have a flight to catch . 
 you coming or staying , bro ? '' 
 `` i 'm staying-which is what you should be doing . '' 
 alex spun his drink in his hand , not lifting his head . 
 `` but , hey . 
 have a great life in cali . '' 
 ethan scowled at the back of his brother 's head . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` good , '' alex said , sipping his drink as if he did n't have a care in the world . 
 `` do n't run away so fast that you trip and fall on your face . '' 
 ethan clenched his fists , not bothering to reply . 
 then he turned on his heel , stalked to the door , and pushed out in to the sunlight . 
 he finished packing , then drove his rental truck down rehoboth avenue . 
 he hesitated at the street that led to ashley 's house , but then stepped on the gas forcefully . 
 as he watched her house disappear in his rearview mirror , instead of feeling relief , he felt ... hell , he did n't know what he was feeling . 
 all he knew was he did n't feel the same freedom he usually felt as he drove away from home . 
 this trip had f ** ked with his head , big time . 
 everything was all messed up now . 
 he hated this feeling . 
 wanted to forget all about this whole f ** king town . 
 his brother . 
 his mother . 
 hell , even ashley . 
 all of those things had become entwined in some confusing , emotional , tangled web . 
 and it kept trying to pull him back under . 
 but he would n't give in . 
 it was time to leave this godforsaken town and everyone in it behind him ... again . 
 chapter eleven ashley took a long drink of her wine , leaning against the bar and sighing . 
 there was no use denying it anymore . 
 she might have entered this weekend planning to keep her heart safe and her legs spread , but along the way , something had happened . 
 she 'd wanted more from ethan ... and he 'd done what he does best . 
 he 'd walked away . 
 she was trying not to be hurt , angry , or bitter ... but right now ? 
 she felt all three of those things , which was n't fair . 
 he 'd given her what she 'd asked for . 
 he had n't done anything wrong or unjust . 
 she just had n't expected to be served a side of heartache with her carefree , fun weekend of sex . 
 go figure . 
 the first guy that made her want to settle down and be serious wanted nothing to do with her or the town she lived in . 
 she knew they had something special-he knew it , too-but it was n't enough to make him want to be with her . 
 and she had to accept that . 
 she took another sip of her wine , cringing when the person singing karaoke hit a particularly high note . 
 how could she have forgotten it was karaoke night when she 'd agreed to come here with rhiannon ? 
 `` this sucks . '' 
 `` yeah , but at least she 's trying , '' rhiannon said , rubbing her ear . 
 `` you 've got ta give her props for that , right ? '' 
 `` not the karaoke , '' ashley said . 
 then she cocked her head at another shrill note . 
 `` okay , maybe the karaoke , too . 
 but i meant the way i 'm feeling right now . '' 
 `` i 'd like to remind you i went down in the record books that this was a bad idea , '' rhiannon said , her voice soft even with the woman caterwauling in the background . 
 `` but now that i reminded you of that , i 'll hug you close and kiss it better . '' 
 ashley rolled her eyes when rhiannon kissed the top of her head . 
 `` what am i ? 
 four ? '' 
 `` kisses make anything better , '' rhiannon said , sighing with relief when the woman stopped singing . 
 they both clapped half-assedly and then turned back to the bar . 
 `` maybe that 's what you need . 
 a kiss from a new , hotter guy . 
 one that will make you forget all about ethan . '' 
 ashley sighed . 
 even the thought of moving on felt ... wrong . 
 as if she 'd be betraying him or something . 
 what the heck was up with that ? 
 `` yeah , i do n't think so . '' 
 `` not ready to hop back up on that man saddle yet ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 she took another sip , then held her empty glass up to brad , the bartender . 
 he did n't notice her , and another girl got up on the stage and sang about moving on from a sick , twisted love . 
 `` but i 'll recover . 
 i mean , it was only a weekend , right ? 
 how long can such a short time affect me so much ? 
 we did n't even really do anything besides have sex , talk , cuddle , and laugh . 
 and when he held me , i felt safe , happy , and yet on edge at the same time , which does n't make much sense unless ... '' she drifted off , her eyes going wide before she flopped her forehead forward onto her folded arms . 
 `` okay , yeah . 
 i 'm f ** ked . '' 
 `` finally figured it out , huh ? '' 
 rhiannon asked , rubbing her back in slow circles . 
 `` yeah , i think i did . '' 
 she lifted her head . 
 `` i fell in love with him , did n't i ? 
 that 's why i feel all weepy and shaky now that he 's gone . 
 i miss him because i love him . '' 
 rhiannon nodded . 
 `` i think so , yeah . '' 
 well , crap . 
 she had n't wanted this . 
 had n't wanted to be left behind feeling empty and confused . 
 but it 's what she 'd gotten . 
 and here she 'd thought she just missed him . 
 no , she freaking loved the guy . 
 `` what am i supposed to do with that ? '' 
 `` you could go after him . '' 
 she stiffened and shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i chased after him back in high school and the rejection nearly crushed me . 
 and what i felt then was n't nearly as intense as what i feel now . 
 i refuse to be that girl . 
 if he wanted to be with me , he would have stayed . '' 
 `` maybe he just needs a good kick in the ass to make him see how stupid he 'd being ? '' 
 ashley snorted . 
 `` i do n't think that 'll do anything . '' 
 ashley watched brad closely . 
 he still had n't brought her more wine and man ... she needed it , like , yesterday . 
 `` i 'm not forcing anyone to do what they do n't want to do . 
 he does n't want to be with me . '' 
 `` did you tell him you loved him ? '' 
 rhiannon asked . 
 `` no , because i just figured it out . '' 
 ashley played with her empty glass , glowering down at it . 
 `` and even if i had the chance , i would n't tell him . 
 he wanted a string-free weekend . 
 i 'm not tying him down with my stupid feelings . '' 
 `` but - '' ashley shook her head . 
 `` no buts . 
 it 's over , and he 's gone . '' 
 `` but - '' rhiannon broke off . 
 `` uh , never mind . '' 
 ashley waved brad over , and he held a finger up to her . 
 she rested her chin on her hand . 
 `` realized you 're beating a dead horse ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 something like that , '' rhiannon mumbled , fishing in her purse until she brandished a red lip gloss . 
 `` here , put this on . 
 you look like hell warmed over . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . 
 i love you , too . '' 
 `` put it on , '' rhiannon snapped , shoving it closer . 
 `` god . 
 fine . '' 
 ashley blinked at her but took the gloss . 
 `` but why the hurry ? '' 
 `` just do something without arguing for once ? '' 
 rhiannon pleaded . 
 `` and be quick about it , for the love of god . '' 
 ashley narrowed her eyes on her best friend and twisted the lid off . 
 `` i 'll be your wingman if you want , but i 'm not going home with anyone tonight . '' 
 `` are you so sure about that ? '' 
 a deep voice asked . 
 a voice ashley recognized better than her own . 
 `` because i 've been watching you , and i was hoping i could buy you a drink . '' 
 ashley froze with the lip gloss pressed to the middle of her lower lip , not turning around to face him . 
 what the hell was he still doing here , and what did he want ? 
 another few days with her , maybe ? 
 well , she was n't interested . 
 not anymore . 
 she swallowed hard and closed the lip gloss with shaking hands , blotting her lips together and tilting her head at rhiannon . 
 she took the hint and buzzed off , leaving her and ethan alone . 
 `` you do realize you 're hitting on me again , right ? 
 or is this another accidental flirtation , where i reminded you of me ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i know who you are , ashley . 
 this time , anyway . '' 
 `` lucky me , '' she drawled . 
 but her heart was racing at light speed . 
 she still did n't face him . 
 if she looked at him , she 'd be lost . 
 `` i thought you left . '' 
 he shifted closer . 
 so close she could feel his heat behind her . 
 she closed her eyes , forcing herself not to lean back on him . 
 `` i was going to . 
 i almost did . 
 i even made it all the way to the airport . 
 but then ... well , i did n't board my flight . 
 i 'm not ready to leave yet . '' 
 she clenched her teeth , the pain piercing her chest . 
 so her suspicions were right , then . 
 he wanted a little bit more time with her , and she wanted forever . 
 not freaking fair . 
 `` i do n't need a drink . 
 as a matter of fact , i just might go home now . 
 alone . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 he caught her hand , squeezing her fingers tight . 
 `` do n't leave . '' 
 `` i 'm done listening to crappy karaoke , '' ashley said , her voice ringing out way too loud because the girl that had been singing just finished . 
 ashley 's cheeks heated when a few people turned at her and glared . 
 `` sorry . 
 so sorry , '' she said to the couple closest to her . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm so leaving . '' 
 she grabbed her purse and stood , but ethan stepped in her way . 
 and she finally looked at him . 
 big mistake . 
 he wore a green sweater and a pair of khakis , and his dark brown hair was a mess-as if he 'd been running his fingers through it all day long . 
 his chocolate eyes were locked on hers , softer than usual , and he had bags under his eyes . 
 `` do n't leave me . 
 i need to talk to you . 
 i have to tell you why i did n't get on the plane . 
 let 's get a drink and find a table to chat at . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 `` we both know how this ends . 
 we both know you 'll stay for a few more days , maybe blow my world a little bit more . 
 and i 'll love every second of it , because you 're you , and i 'm me . '' 
 she shrugged , twisting her lips a little bit . 
 `` but then you 'll run away again , and i 'll be left behind again . 
 i 'm done being that girl , ethan . '' 
 he shook his head and pressed his lips together . 
 `` i do n't want you to be that girl , ash . '' 
 `` but yet ... i will be . '' 
 she lifted her chin . 
 `` why would it be any different than every other time before this ? 
 give me one good reason . '' 
 he caught her hand again . 
 `` b-because i 'm different . 
 i do n't want to run away this time . 
 i want to be here with you . '' 
 `` for now . '' 
 she pulled free . 
 `` look , i care about you , but we already said everything there is to say . 
 you 're not staying , and i 'm not going . 
 end of story . '' 
 he rubbed the back of his neck . 
 `` what if i stayed ? 
 would you give me a chance , then ? '' 
 `` why would you want to do that ? '' 
 her heart picked up speed . 
 `` you hate it here . 
 you 'd be miserable . '' 
 he dragged his hand through his hair . 
 `` i did , but i realized you 're right . 
 this place is n't as bad as i thought it was . 
 now , i want to be here . 
 i want to be with you . 
 i 'm not scared anymore . 
 i 'm not running . '' 
 she wanted to believe him so damned bad . 
 but how could he have come to this conclusion so fast ? 
 it seemed way too fast and sure for a man who spent his life avoiding this town and everyone in it . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` well , believe it . 
 i can prove it , too . 
 i 'm not scared of this town anymore , or what they say about me . 
 i 'm not scared of anything , if you 're by my side . '' 
 he looked over his shoulder and then started backing up toward the stage , crooking his finger at her . 
 `` there 's a lot of people from high school in this room . 
 the same people that tormented me . 
 agreed ? '' 
 she followed him despite the warning bells screaming in her head . 
 he said all the right things , but would he follow through with these promises ? 
 that was the question . 
 `` yeah ... ? '' 
 `` the old me never would have drawn attention to myself in front of them . 
 the old me would 've faded into a corner , or left as soon as he saw the people he hated so much . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` but the new me ? 
 the one you brought to life with only a few short days at your disposal ? 
 he says f ** k it , i 'm gon na prove to my girl that i 'm not scared anymore . '' 
 her jaw dropped when he jumped up on the stage and whispered something to the dj . 
 `` ethan , get down from there , '' she hissed , her cheeks heating . 
 `` you do n't have to - '' `` oh , but i do . '' 
 ethan looked down at her , the mic in his hand tight , and cleared his throat . 
 `` hello , everyone . 
 i 'm ethan pierce , which most of you will recognize . 
 you may or may not have shoved me into a locker or a trash can at some point in my life ... '' he grinned and held his hands up . '' 
 ... but do n't worry . 
 that 's not why i 'm up here . 
 we do n't have a carrie situation on our hands . '' 
 ashley buried her face in her hands , then motioned him down from the stage . 
 `` oh my god , get down from there . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he grinned down at her , but his eyes showed a different story . 
 he was nervous , but he was doing this anyway . 
 `` anyway , i 'm up here because i love that girl down there , ashley hanes , and i was kind of a jerk to her ... more than once . 
 i refused to be myself and let her in , and in doing so , i pushed her too far away . 
 so much so that she does n't want to let me back in . 
 so , i 'm going to prove she should give me a chance by singing her a song . 
 but i apologize in advance , because i suck . '' 
 ashley held a hand over her mouth . 
 wait , he loved her ? 
 what was he doing up there , then ? 
 he needed to come down here and kiss her and then she could - he cleared his throat again . 
 `` and ashley ? 
 when i 'm done , if you can stand being with a man who sings like me , well then ... '' he pointed at the clock on the wall . 
 it was just shy of midnight . 
 `` kiss me at midnight . 
 show me you can maybe love me , too . '' 
 he nodded to the dj , and the music started up . 
 she recognized the song right away as a chris daughtry song . 
 within seconds , ethan was signing about being wrong and wanting to spend his life laughing with her by his side . 
 he was right . 
 he was awful ... but it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever heard . 
 she laughed when he held a long , off-key note , covering her mouth even as tears came down her face . 
 this right here was love . 
 someone clapped when he did a little dance move , right up on stage in front of everyone , and the whole bar erupted in applause . 
 ashley burst into laughter , shaking her head at him when he crooked his finger for her to join him on stage . 
 no way in hell she was getting up there . 
 she was n't drunk enough . 
 `` kiss him , sweetie , '' a man yelled from the far corner of the bar . 
 `` yeah , kiss him ! '' 
 rhiannon shouted . 
 `` put him out of his misery , '' another guy yelled . 
 `` he loves you , '' another girl yelled . 
 ashley laughed . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 she climbed the steps to the stage , her heart racing when the entire bar erupted into loud applause . 
 she stopped right next to him , just as he held the last note in a pathetic imitation of chris daughtry , but it sounded perfect to her . 
 more than perfect . 
 `` okay , enough torturing the bar , '' she teased . 
 she grinned at him , and he cupped her cheeks , the mic still in his right hand . 
 as he swiped the tears away with his thumbs , she closed her hands around his wrists . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 `` but can you forgive me for being a coward ? '' 
 he asked , his voice hoarse . 
 `` because i love you so damned much , and i 'm not running this time . 
 i promise you this . 
 i will not run or push you away or revert to being the man i 'd become without you . 
 my f-feet are firmly planted , and i wo n't waver from my course . '' 
 she grinned and nodded , tears blurring her vision even more . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 and i believe you now . '' 
 `` y-you love me ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes wide . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . 
 it 's kind of something a girl knows , ethan . '' 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 his whole face lit up , and he practically vibrated with happiness , and well , the old ethan was back . 
 but he was even better . 
 this ethan was the sweet guy she 'd once known , but he had confidence and a whole lot of life experience behind him now . 
 and he loved her . 
 `` i 'm the luckiest guy on earth . '' 
 she rested her hands on his chest , right over his thumping heart . 
 `` then we make a great pair , because i 'm pretty damn happy , too . '' 
 `` well , then ... '' his hands fell to her hips , and he hauled her closer . 
 `` kiss me already . 
 it 's got ta be you , to make it official . '' 
 the bar , which had been silent , broke out in applause again . 
 someone shouted , `` yeah , kiss him ! '' 
 ethan shot the crowd a cocky grin ... and then she kissed that grin right off of his face . 
 chapter twelve ethan returned her kiss , his whole body unbelievably alive and in tune to her . 
 when she leaned closer , her nails digging into his chest , he broke the kiss off with a sigh . 
 he wanted to explore this new feeling of love a little bit more , but not here . 
 not in front of the whole bar . 
 that was something best done behind closed doors . 
 he pulled back and grinned down at her . 
 `` to be continued , '' he whispered , kissing the tip of her nose . 
 then he turned to the bar and said , `` thank you very much . 
 we 'll be on our way now , if you do n't mind . '' 
 there were a few catcalls and drunken suggestions of what they should do next-which he had every intention of following , thank you very much-as he led her down the stage . 
 `` wow , they 're really into this , '' ashley whispered , forcing a smile . 
 `` quick , head for the door before they make you sing again . '' 
 `` i doubt they want to hear that again , '' he called over his shoulder , leading her out the door and into the cold winter night . 
 as soon as they pushed through the doors , he pulled her into an alley and hugged her close , unable to believe she was giving him another chance . 
 he probably did n't deserve it , but he 'd take it anyway . 
 `` i 'm s-sorry ... i 'm sorry i left you . '' 
 he closed his arms around her , holding her as close as he could possibly manage . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i almost did it again , and i 'm sorry that it took me so long to - '' she kissed him , quick and hard . 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 we do n't need to talk about it anymore . 
 all that matters is you 're here , and you 're not running anymore . '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 i already called my work . 
 they agreed to let me work remotely . '' 
 his hands flexed on her lower back . 
 `` i can stay . 
 no , i want to stay here with you . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` but are you sure ? 
 i do n't want you to do something that will make you unhappy . 
 we could do long-distance . 
 try it out for a bit and see how it goes . '' 
 `` we 'll have to do that for a little while . 
 i 'll have to close up shop over there and move . 
 but i already know that being without you will make me unhappy . '' 
 he shook his head and hugged her even closer , loving her for caring about him enough to try and make the best choice for him-not the best choice for her . 
 but he would n't let her do that . 
 they were a team , and teams stayed together . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you again . 
 i already made that mistake once and almost made it a second time . 
 i 'm not going to do it again . '' 
 `` well , if you 're sure ... '' she smiled up at him . 
 `` then i 'm not going to argue . '' 
 his eyes darkened , and he closed the distance between them , his tongue sweeping into her mouth without delay . 
 she pushed him back against the wall , her teeth nipping at his lip , and pressed her body against his . 
 his stomach clenched with need , and his heart twisted with happiness and love . 
 so much freaking love . 
 by the time the kiss ended , he clung to her hips desperately . 
 he smiled and dropped his forehead to hers . 
 `` let 's go home . 
 but first ... '' he ran his thumb over the line of her jaw , kissing her tenderly . 
 he slanted his mouth , capturing her fully . 
 she pressed him against the wall even more , clearly craving control tonight , and he 'd give it to her . 
 he 'd give her anything she f ** king wanted . 
 no questions asked . 
 he broke off the kiss . 
 `` race you home ? '' 
 she bit his lower lip , applying just enough pressure to sting a tiny bit . 
 `` we 're too old for that , are n't we ? '' 
 she dropped his hand , backed up a few steps , and then took off running , calling over her shoulder , `` but the first one home gets to be on top . '' 
 he laughed and gave chase , yelling at her from behind , `` cheater . '' 
 `` not true , '' she called back , grinning at him over her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm smaller . 
 it 's only fair . '' 
 he easily caught up to her and picked her up , tossing her over his shoulder . 
 as he sprinted the last half of the block to her house with her hanging limply in his arms , he could n't stop smiling . 
 it was like a medical condition he never wanted to be healed of . 
 this was life . 
 this was living . 
 and he was never going back to the man he 'd been . 
 he was where he belonged . 
 he was home . 
 with her . 
 epilogue new year 's eve one year later ashley laughed at something roger said , but honestly did n't hear a single word . 
 her mind was on ethan . 
 it was new year 's eve , and they were in the same bar they 'd been in a year ago . 
 only this time they were together . 
 and she could n't wait for her kiss at midnight . 
 someone tapped her on the shoulder , and she turned around . 
 it was alex. `` yeah ? '' 
 `` can i steal you for a minute ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 ashley smiled at her friends . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 once they walked a little bit away from the group , she cocked her head and asked , `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` i have a note for you . '' 
 he shoved a yellow piece of paper under her nose . 
 `` ethan told me to give this to you . '' 
 her lips curved into a smile . 
 `` again ? '' 
 she took it , her heart pounding in her ears . 
 after stealing a quick glance at alex , she opened it but did n't read it . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 alex gave a one-shouldered shrug . 
 `` read the note , and you 'll find out . '' 
 she opened the piece of paper . 
 ashley , meet me at our spot . 
 you have to kiss me at midnight to make it official . 
 ethan she smiled and gave the note back to alex. `` thank you . '' 
 she headed for the front door , but he stepped in her path , his cheeks red . 
 `` uh . 
 you have to go out the back . 
 it 's , uh , quicker . 
 yeah . 
 quicker . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 ashley blinked at him . 
 `` it makes much more sense to - '' `` just go out the damn back . '' 
 alex placed his hands on the back of her shoulders and guided her toward the back door , his grip gentle but insistent . 
 `` trust me , okay ? '' 
 she shot him a look over her shoulder . 
 `` why are you - ? '' 
 `` dude , '' alex muttered . 
 `` just go . '' 
 still shaking her head at his odd behavior , she stepped through the doors ... and into a whole other world . 
 the air was freezing cold , as it should be on new year 's eve , but there were white carnations everywhere . 
 her breath escaped her in a little whoosh , fogging up in the air in front of her , and she froze . 
 she spun in a slow circle , taking it all in . 
 it was as if she had stepped into a greenroom of sorts , or a fairytale land , and there were flowers everywhere . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` a-ashley , '' ethan called out from somewhere to the left . 
 he cleared his throat and added , `` i 'm back here . 
 follow the flowers . '' 
 heart racing , she headed that way , following the trail of flowers he must have laid out for her . 
 she swallowed hard and rounded the corner-to the sight of ethan on bended knee . 
 she covered her mouth and closed the distance between them , each step bringing her closer to the love of her life . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 he grabbed her free hand and brought it to his lips , kissing her knuckles gently before holding onto her fingers . 
 `` ashley , i l-love you . '' 
 she licked her parched lips . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 `` sometimes , i feel like i have spent my whole life loving you . 
 and that 's because i have . 
 ever since you walked into pre-algebra wearing a pink shirt , an adorable braid , and a smile ... i 've been yours . '' 
 his fingers flexed on hers . 
 `` we m-might have not been together every day , but i gave you my heart years ago , and i never took it back . 
 i want to wake up next to you every m-morning , and hold you in my arms every n-n-n-night . '' 
 he broke off and closed his eyes , obviously taking the time to form his words for her . 
 she kept silent , giving him all the time he needed . 
 he opened his eyes again and caught her gaze . 
 `` we have so much love between us . 
 i know we can be one of those old couples , rocking on the porch of our beach house and w-watching the sunset . 
 i know we can do that and be here together in thirty years , celebrating new year 's together and kissing each other at midnight every single year . 
 the question is , do you agree ? '' 
 he pulled the ring from behind his back and held it out . 
 after taking a steadying breath , he asked , `` ashley , will you m-marry me ? '' 
 ashley pressed her fingers to her mouth , shaking from the emotion overwhelming her senses . 
 this had to be the most romantic , perfect proposal to ever happen-and it was no surprise it came from her ethan . 
 she just stood there , taking it all in . 
 memorizing every single small detail that she could , from the roses on the ground to the champagne waiting off to the side to the way the moonlight lit his hair . 
 finally , once she 'd committed it all to memory , she nodded . 
 `` yes , i 'll marry you . '' 
 he let out a breath of air and stood , a smile lighting up his face . 
 his arms wrapped around her , and he swooped down on her lips , kissing her with all the love and promise of their life together . 
 he broke off the kiss , resting his forehead on hers . 
 `` happy new year , my love . '' 
 she laughed happily , the tears streaming down her cheeks made of pure happiness . 
 `` happy new year . '' 
 `` now give me that hand . '' 
 he caught hold of her left hand and lifted it to his chest . 
 as he slid the ring onto her finger , his hands trembling , he never looked away . 
 `` i hope you like this one . 
 alex helped me pick it out . '' 
 `` i love it . 
 it 's perfect . '' 
 she twisted her hand , admiring the princess cut diamond set on white gold twinkling up at her . 
 `` you 're perfect . '' 
 his eyes were on her , soft with love . 
 `` i feel like the luckiest guy on earth right now . 
 what did i ever do to deserve you in my life ? '' 
 `` you loved me . '' 
 she rested her hand over his heart . 
 `` that 's all i ever wanted . '' 
 `` time for a toast . '' 
 he grabbed the filled champagne flutes off of the bench and handed one to her . 
 `` to us and a lifetime of happiness . '' 
 `` to us , '' she echoed . 
 they touched glasses and smiled . 
 after taking a sip , they sat down on the bench , hands entwined . 
 `` last new year 's , we got together . 
 this new year 's , you asked me to marry you . '' 
 `` mmhm , '' he murmured , tracing little circles on her hand and kissing the top of her head . 
 a smile tugged at her lips . 
 `` what are we going to do next year ? '' 
 he rested the champagne flute down and turned to her , his brown eyes so rich and deep and happy . 
 `` how do you feel about a wedding ? 
 we could get married on the thirtieth , and spend new year 's eve on our honeymoon . 
 maybe somewhere warm ... '' `` like the bahamas , '' she said when he trailed off . 
 a vision of them lying out in the sand , with fruity drinks in their hands , hit her . 
 `` or maybe hawaii . '' 
 he grinned at her , and then kissed her nose . 
 `` so a winter wedding it is ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` it 's a date , '' he murmured . 
 she set down the champagne and climbed onto his lap , straddling him with her dress falling on either side of her hips . 
 she pressed down against him , sighing at the jolt of pleasure the movement sent through her veins . 
 `` how long do you think we have before someone comes out here ... ? '' 
 `` with alex standing guard ? '' 
 he leaned in , stopping when their lips were almost touching but yet not quite in contact . 
 his hands gripped her hips , and he arched his hips into her , rolling his erection against her clit . 
 `` long enough ... '' <br/> 
