 prologue i felt my heartbeat against my chest-a slow , steady rhythm , kind of lethargic and lazy . 
 but that was because i was barely breathing . 
 actually , i was holding my breath . 
 he touched me . 
 his fingers drifted over my skin like a breeze on a summer day . 
 it was a feather-light caress that never ended because he did n't lift his hands . 
 it started at my collarbone , drifted out across my shoulders , and then descended downward until he hooked his fingers around my elbow , brushing against the sensitive spot on the inside of my arm . 
 downward he traveled until his fingers pulled away from mine to hover just barely over the tops of my thighs . 
 then his direction reversed , climbing upward so the slightly rough pads of his fingers traced the outline of my belly button and then dragged over my ribcage . 
 tiny shivers raced up and down my spine , creating goose bumps that scattered over my scalp and caused my eyes to flutter closed . 
 his hands splayed around my waist , gripping my flesh and pulling me closer , but he did n't kiss me . 
 he buried his face against my neck and used his tongue to wet a circle of tender skin , then pulled back slightly to blow across the area . 
 i shuddered . 
 my body started to arch into him , but something caught my arm , something large and warm . 
 it wrapped around my bicep in a possessive manner , causing my head to turn , and i cast a glance in the direction i was being pulled . 
 my heartbeat accelerated instantly . 
 the lethargic rhythm was chased away by a shot of adrenaline so pure that i could taste it on my tongue . 
 he yanked me away from the teasing , gentle caresses and cupped my face in his palm , lowering his lips toward mine . 
 excitement crackled along my nerve endings , and my tongue jutted out to moisten my lips . 
 just as he was about to claim my kiss , i was yanked away again , this time by the one who had me first . 
 i cast a look to my left at green irises flashing with possession and then once again to my right where chocolate eyes gleamed with jealousy . 
 i was caught in the middle of two very enticing choices . 
 a choice i did n't want to make . 
 brown-eyes stepped closer , his body brushing against the entire length of my arm . 
 he reached out and pushed the hair back over my shoulder , exposing the side of my face . 
 he leaned down and captured my earlobe between his teeth and sucked it into his mouth . 
 the gentle suckling sounds that whispered through my ear loosened something deep inside me . 
 i turned my head toward him , not wanting him to stop . 
 but green-eyes was not to be cast aside . 
 his palm covered my breast , gently kneading the area and causing my hardening nipple to brush against the smooth fabric of my bikini top . 
 and then his mouth was on my neck , pulling the skin into its moist warmth and massaging it with his tongue . 
 two mouths ... two sets of hands ... and my single body . 
 i was n't sure who to touch , who to grab , but i did n't want either of them to stop . 
 the sensation of being kissed in more than one place in a single moment made a moan escape from my lips . 
 my fingers began to twitch , wanting to elicit a shiver of their own . 
 as my hands lifted away from my sides , i vaguely wondered whom they would reach for first ... 1 scientists , philosophers , or whoever the group of people who sat around a desk and made up the list of the seven wonders of the world were wrong . 
 there are n't seven . 
 there are eight . 
 number eight being men . 
 the reason men were n't added as a wonder of the world ? 
 because men probably made up the list to begin with . 
 i knew trying to figure out men , trying to have one in my life was a fruitless effort , but it did n't stop me from having a relationship . 
 it also did n't stop me from getting hurt . 
 just when i was getting over the epic failure that was my ex , my grandmother died . 
 so basically , i felt like i 'd boxed about ten rounds , the entire time holding my own , and then i was knocked out . 
 cold . 
 and now here i was , wandering through the insanely large , insanely busy miami international airport so i could get on some plane and fly off to puerto rico because my grandmother 's dying wish was for her ashes to be scattered over the ocean there-the place where she met my grandfather over fifty years ago . 
 how did i get elected for the job ? 
 i was grandmother 's favorite . 
 i was between jobs . 
 i was down on my luck . 
 i needed a free vacation to a beautiful place . 
 right . 
 because flying to some foreign country -lrb- though , i guess technically , it 's not a foreign country since it 's considered a us territory -rrb- with a special suitcase just for the remains of my beloved grandmother and then parting with them to an ocean is considered some nice vacation . 
 clearly , my family is a bunch of whackos . 
 even still , i love my family and my heart still ached over my grandmother 's passing , so here i was . 
 the suitcase rolling along behind me tipped , and my bags toppled to the floor . 
 with a great sigh , i stopped and turned , righting the one on wheels and then bending over to pick up the one i had balanced on top . 
 i slid it over and unzipped it , peering inside at the bubble-wrapped urn . 
 nothing appeared to be broken . 
 `` sorry , kiki , '' i murmured , using the name i called her since i could speak , and then zipped it closed . 
 deciding not to take any more chances with the smaller bag , i carried on , rolling the bigger one behind and carrying the other in my free hand . 
 i also had a messenger-style purse strapped across my shoulder and it banged against my thigh with every step . 
 i made my way through the rapidly moving crowds , toward the gate i was told would have my ticket . 
 why i could n't get an electronic one like everyone else in the modern age i would never understand . 
 as i approached the gate , i could n't help but be distracted by a man leaning against one of the nearby walls . 
 he was reading a newspaper , holding it up in front of his face so all i could see were the two long-fingered hands holding the paper and his body from the waist down . 
 he wore a pair of beat-up jeans , really beat up . 
 like , with holes and hanging strings . 
 the denim was faded in some spots and the fabric seemed thin and likely soft to the touch . 
 his t-shirt looked as well worn as his jeans , except it did n't have any holes in it . 
 all i could see of it was gray and just the front hem was tucked into his waistband , exposing a tan leather belt . 
 the way he leaned against the wall , kind of slouching with one foot out farther than the other , drew attention to his shoes . 
 the boots were the same color as his belt and they appeared sturdy and not nearly as used as his clothes . 
 i could n't tell you why i was so drawn to him . 
 that was all i could see . 
 he just looked like some regular -lrb- albeit lazy -rrb- guy waiting around for his plane to arrive . 
 although , he was reading the new york times , which made me snort . 
 he did n't really look like the kind of guy that would stand around reading that paper . 
 i snorted to myself again . 
 he probably had a penthouse just inside the paper and was really reading that . 
 my gate was off to my right and i turned , eyeing the counter and noting that there were n't as many people in this section of the airport as the other parts i 'd just walked through . 
 the woman behind the counter had perfectly combed hair slicked up into a bun on the back of her head . 
 she was dressed in a navy blazer with the airline 's name on the breast , and she sported a polite look on her face . 
 when i stopped at the counter , i parked my bags next to me and flipped the top of my messenger bag open to reach inside for my wallet and id . 
 `` my name is ava malone . 
 i was told my ticket to puerto rico would be here waiting for me . '' 
 the woman took my id and looked at it and then handed it back to me . 
 her manicured fingers flew over the keyboard behind the counter and then she paused and looked up . 
 `` you 're plane is already here . '' 
 alarm spiked through me . 
 `` am i late ? 
 i thought i was an hour early . 
 as soon as i get my ticket , i 'll go board . 
 will they hold the plane for me ? '' 
 she gave me an odd sort of look . 
 `` i 'm sure it will wait , seeing as how you are the only passenger . '' 
 confusion made me speechless . 
 i felt my face scrunch up in an odd sort of way as her words replayed through my head . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i said slowly . 
 `` i ca n't be the only person flying to puerto rico today . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` definitely not . 
 but you are the only one who had a private plane come and fetch her . '' 
 a private plane ? 
 to fetch me ? 
 `` you must have the wrong person , '' i said , holding up my id again . 
 `` you should check again . 
 i should just have a ticket here . 
 for one of the commercial flights . '' 
 `` you 're ava malone , correct ? '' 
 i glanced at my id just to be sure . 
 that 's what it said , right there beside my horribly embarrassing photo . 
 `` appears that 's me , '' i muttered . 
 she smiled . 
 `` your pilot is around here somewhere , '' she said , craning her neck to look around . 
 her eyes settled on someone across the room and she smiled . 
 `` he 's right over there . '' 
 i turned , following her gaze . 
 there next to the guy with ratty jeans was an older gentleman in a suit , holding a briefcase . 
 i lifted my hand to wave at him . 
 he got this puzzled look on his face and then waved uncertainly . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i said , feeling my cheeks heat with embarrassment as i glanced back at the woman . 
 i turned back around to glance again . 
 the gentleman with the suit was gone . 
 my eyes darted around , looking for him , but once again were drawn to the guy with the newspaper . 
 he must have felt my stare because his head shot up and i saw his eyes peek over the top . 
 slowly , the newspaper came down and something else was lifted . 
 a giant white index card . 
 it had my name on it . 
 my stomach did a somersault and my heart started thumping erratically . 
 why would that ratty jean wearing , penthouse reading guy have a sign with my name on it ? 
 `` see , '' the woman said from behind . 
 `` that 's him . 
 he has a sign with your name on it . '' 
 `` that 's my pilot ? '' 
 the woman at the counter giggled . 
 she actually giggled like a schoolgirl . 
 shoot . 
 me . 
 now . 
 i gathered up my bags and took a few steps forward , intent on finding out just what the hell was going on , when he lowered the oversized card . 
 my steps faltered . 
 the suitcase trailing along behind me kept going and rammed into my calves , making me stumble , and i pitched forward with a startled cry , knowing i was going to go down and praying to the heavens that i did n't crush kiki when i fell . 
 the last thing i saw was the stupid new york times paper fluttering to the floor as kiki and i plunged disastrously toward the floor . 
 but then he was there , grabbing up the suitcase , saving it from my clumsiness . 
 i , however , was not so lucky . 
 i fell . 
 hard . 
 in fact , if my arms had n't been free , i would have fallen directly on my face . 
 thankfully , my hands slapped against the hard floor , saving my nose from being rearranged . 
 when i hit , i fell over , rolling onto my back , and lifted my hands , staring at them in front of my face . 
 my palms stung from the fall and i cringed imaging how many germs were now crawling all over them from touching the nasty airport floor . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 said a voice above me . 
 i jerked my arms down , propping myself up on my elbows , and lifted my eyes . 
 i remembered why i fell all over again . 
 light-green eyes speared me from within a face that , even if he left right now and i never ever saw him again , i would not forget . 
 his face was so striking that it would be etched into my mind forever . 
 his eyes were the color of green sea glass . 
 a bright green but light because it had spent time tumbling around the ocean floor . 
 they were a striking contrast against the rest of him . 
 he was all dark and bronze with a head full of thick dark hair that curled around on his head . 
 it was messy like he never combed it-though i would think that combing curls would only give him an afro . 
 his skin was olive toned , bronzed like he never left the sun , and he had sharp features-a straight nose , full lips , and cheekbones that sat high just beneath those eyes , which were lined in impossibly thick , impossibly dark lashes . 
 he was tall -lrb- or maybe he just looked that way because i was sprawled on the floor -rrb- and had a lean build , but he looked strong-the kind of strength that came naturally , not the kind of bulk that came from the gym . 
 as i stared at him like a complete idiot , he set down the suitcase carefully and squatted beside me . 
 my breath caught -lrb- or maybe i just forgot i needed to breathe -rrb- when he got closer . 
 he was freaking beautiful . 
 yeah , i know , guys are n't supposed to be beautiful , but he was . 
 there was no other word that i could think of that would describe him better . 
 i was still staring as he reached out and grasped me by the shoulders . 
 the heat of his hands radiated through my t-shirt and practically zapped me back to reality . 
 `` did you hurt yourself ? '' 
 oh my god , he had an accent . 
 it was lyrical and caused my tongue to tie itself in knots . 
 as if perfection just upped its game and got even better . 
 it was n't a full-on spanish accent , but barely there-a slight roll of the tongue that caused chills to rise up across my scalp and race over my head and down my spine . 
 i nodded because speaking was still not an option . 
 `` you 're ava malone ? '' 
 say it again . 
 something inside me begged . 
 please just say my name one more time . 
 the desperation going on inside my own head was what fully shocked me out of my trance . 
 there was no way i was about to succumb to some beautiful disaster of a man . 
 and yes , i did know that he was a complete disaster because there was no way on this planet that a man who looked like him could be anything but trouble . 
 `` yes , that 's me . 
 i 'm fine , '' i said , shaking off his hands and standing up . 
 `` nice catch by the way . '' 
 i gestured to the suitcase that contained kiki . 
 he grinned . 
 his teeth were blindingly white against his tanned skin . 
 `` sorry , it had to be one or the other . '' 
 he did n't look sorry , the snake . 
 he probably enjoyed watching me bust my butt . 
 `` uh-huh , '' i said , reaching for the suitcase with the urn . 
 he reached out and took it first . 
 my back teeth clenched together . 
 `` i can get my bags . '' 
 `` after what i just saw , i think your grandmother would be safer in my arms . '' 
 that should have insulted me . 
 it should have alarmed me that he knew what was inside . 
 instead , all i got was a vision of being tucked against his chest , with bronzed , strong arms wrapped around me and the beating of his heart beneath my ear . 
 i needed a drink . 
 a stiff one . 
 i pushed my raging thirst and apparent horniness to the back of my mind to say , `` how did you know what was in there ? '' 
 `` was it a secret ? '' 
 he asked , a little smile playing on his lips . 
 `` are you a psychic ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 it was a warm , rich sound that reminded me of brewing coffee on a cold , early morning . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not psychic . 
 i 'm just your ride . '' 
 `` my ride ? '' 
 i wo n't even describe the vision that floated through my mind when he said that . 
 he nodded like i was two . 
 `` yes . 
 me , pilot . 
 you , passenger . '' 
 he pointed between us while he spoke . 
 `` you 're a pilot ? '' 
 he fished a pilot 's license out of the back of his pocket and held it up . 
 `` that 's what it says . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` i 'm surprised that did n't fall out of the pocket of those holey pants . '' 
 his smile spread across his face like a slow , contagious disease . 
 a disease that people would actually line up to catch . 
 `` my jeans hold in everything that 's important . '' 
 i blushed . 
 like , seriously . 
 to cover up my juvenile behavior , i squinted at the name on the license he was still holding up . 
 `` nash prescott , '' i read . 
 `` at your service . '' 
 `` you do n't look old enough to be a pilot . '' 
 `` you do n't look old enough to travel alone . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm twenty-three . 
 i 've been flying since i was a teenager . 
 i 've got more flight hours than you have hair on your head . '' 
 `` doubtful . '' 
 i had really thick , long blond hair . 
 he cocked his head to the side and studied me . 
 `` anyone ever tell you that you look like kate hudson ? '' 
 the actress ? 
 daughter of goldie hawn . 
 actually , yes , they had . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he smiled like he knew i was lying . 
 there was no way i was getting on a plane with him . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to come here all the way from ... well , from wherever you came . '' 
 `` puerto rico , '' he said , and when he did , his accent came out full force . 
 it made the place sound exotic and enticing . 
 `` i flew here from puerto rico . '' 
 `` you flew here to pick me up ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` our abuelas were great friends . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` when your family called to arrange for her ashes to be scattered , my abuela offered for me to come and pick you up . '' 
 `` so they volunteered you to come here like my family volunteered me to go there . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i guess both our families are loco . '' 
 he used his pointer finger to draw circles around the side of his head . 
 i giggled . 
 then i sighed . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry you had to come here . 
 i 'll just go to the ticket counter and get a commercial flight and let you get back to your ... whatever it is that you do . '' 
 `` right now my job is to take you to puerto rico , where you will stay with my grandmother and then be escorted to the place where you are to spread these ashes . '' 
 he gestured toward the case in his hand . 
 `` i 'm supposed to stay with you ? '' 
 i asked , feeling my eyes bug out of my head . 
 `` not me . 
 my abuela . '' 
 `` abuela ? 
 that 's spanish for grandmother , right ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you do n't live with her ? '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` i think that would cramp my style . '' 
 exactly . 
 and why was i still here talking to him ? 
 i started to walk away . 
 he stopped me . 
 his hand was like a rope wrapping around my wrist . 
 it was like a handcuff trapping me to a jail cell , a vise around my heart . 
 `` esperate , '' he said softly . 
 the word literally rolled right off his tongue . 
 i turned back . 
 you would 've too . 
 my eyes locked on his , searching their translucent depths . 
 `` i really hope you did n't just insult me . '' 
 even if he did , i really did n't care . 
 it was the sexiest insult i 'd ever heard . 
 his smile was lopsided . 
 i thought i might faint . 
 `` i said wait a second . '' 
 i glanced at his hand wrapped around my wrist , then back up . 
 he saw me looking . 
 he did n't let go . 
 `` there 's no need for another ticket when i can take you . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 what excuse could i give ? 
 i could n't exactly say , `` i 'm sorry , but you are way too sexy for me to have to sit alone with on a plane for any amount of time . '' 
 it was n't like he drove a couple hours to pick me up . 
 he freaking flew a plane to get me . 
 he was doing it as a favor for his grandmother . 
 `` how do i know you are n't really a kidnapper ? '' 
 `` two reasons , '' he said , releasing my arm . 
 i lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` one , '' he said , holding up a finger . 
 `` i do n't have to kidnap women . 
 if i want one , i get one . '' 
 i actually believed that . 
 he probably had women lined up at home . 
 `` and two , '' he said , flicking up a second finger . 
 `` my abuela is marisol castillo . '' 
 again , his accent was more pronounced when he spoke her name . 
 a name that i recognized . 
 she was indeed my grandmother 's very dear friend . 
 `` your abuela is marisol ? '' 
 he produced a picture from the same pocket where he kept his id and held it out . 
 it was of my grandmother , cora , and marisol . 
 i had seen this same image hanging on her refrigerator practically all my life . 
 i took the photo out of his hands , staring down at kiki with tears blurring my vision . 
 i missed her . 
 i missed her so much . 
 `` okay , '' i said softly . 
 `` i 'll go with you . '' 
 he reached around me with his free hand and took my rolling suitcase . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i trailed along behind him like a puppy , mentally telling myself i was going to regret this . 
 2 `` you ca n't be serious , '' i said the second we stepped outside . 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` is n't she a beauty ? '' 
 a tin can with wings ? 
 yes . 
 a sardine can with the words `` death trap '' scrawled across the side ? 
 you bet . 
 a beauty ? 
 hell to the no . 
 `` i 'm not riding in that thing . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he called , not even bothering to look back this time . 
 he just kept right on strolling , putting one impossibly long leg in front of the other . 
 -lrb- turns out even after i stood up , he was still very tall . -rrb- 
 `` that thing is n't even fit to fly ! '' 
 i exclaimed , rushing after him . 
 `` it got me here , did n't it ? '' 
 somehow that did not make me feel better . 
 he kept moving , walking up the tiny set of stairs and into the plane , taking my luggage with him . 
 i was n't going up there . 
 instead , i stood at the bottom of the stairs and yelled up . 
 `` hey ! 
 i want my stuff back . '' 
 his curly dark head appeared out the door . 
 `` come get it . '' 
 `` you little ... '' i growled and stomped up the stairs . 
 i walked into the plane , noted my bags sitting in the first seat on the right , and went toward them . 
 he closed the hatch -lrb- or whatever the door on a plane is called -rrb- behind me . 
 i stiffened and turned . 
 `` oh no . 
 i 'm getting off this death trap . '' 
 `` it 's not a death trap . 
 you can get off when we get to puerto rico . '' 
 `` now . '' 
 `` there 's soda in the back if you want some . '' 
 `` do you not hear the words coming out of my mouth ? '' 
 `` as soon as i have clearance , we can take off . '' 
 why did i bother talking ? 
 i grabbed up my bags and walked to the door . 
 just as i was pulling open the door , the plane 's engine rumbled to life . 
 i shut the door and glanced into the open cockpit . 
 nash looked over his shoulder at me and grinned . 
 `` better buckle up . '' 
 when the plane started moving , i found a seat and definitely buckled up . 
 if i was going to die , it would be safely . 
 the plane taxied toward the runway and then stopped . 
 i thought briefly of trying to escape , but then i decided against it . 
 i was already here . 
 might as well take the ride . 
 i settled into the seat , trying not to think about the fact that the plane was so small it only had one row of seats on each side . 
 i tried not to think about the fact there was no flight attendant to give instructions preflight about how to use the dropdown air masks . 
 oh crap . 
 did this plane even have those ? 
 i pulled some gum out of my bag and popped it into my mouth . 
 the worst part about flying was the ear popping . 
 gum would hopefully help that . 
 everything was fine until we got into the air . 
 this little plane did n't seem as sturdy as the commercial flights i 'd been on . 
 it seemed to teeter through the sky , bumping along , with us inside . 
 nerves kicked up inside me and i began to dread the rest of my time on this plane . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 called a voice from the front . 
 i unbuckled my seatbelt and moved forward , peeking into the cockpit , my heart racing and my mind spinning theories of him having some weird emergency and needing me to fly the plane . 
 but he did n't appear to be in need of help . 
 he actually looked really relaxed and confident sitting in the pilot 's chair . 
 he had headphones over his ears , but one side was pushed back so it was n't covering that ear . 
 my eyes were drawn immediately to the windshield , or rather what was beyond it . 
 it was sort of like seeing the ocean , except there was no water and we were n't on the ground . 
 but there was an endless supply of blue . 
 an endless supply of completely bare and undisturbed landscape dotted with white clouds that looked impossibly soft and much more 3d up here than from the ground . 
 i wondered what it would be like to reach out and touch one , if my fingers would slip right through it like vapor ... or if it would have some sort of feel against my skin . 
 would it be silky and soft ? 
 would it be slightly moist and warm ? 
 i knew i would likely never know what it felt like , but being up here made it very easy to imagine . 
 `` want to help ? '' 
 nash called from his seat . 
 `` i do n't know how to fly . '' 
 he motioned for the empty seat beside him . 
 i moved over cautiously , gingerly perching on the edge . 
 he laughed . 
 `` is n't the view awesome ? '' 
 `` it really is ! '' 
 `` want to steer ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i was n't about to try and steer . 
 i 'd probably manage to hit a bird or something . 
 he lifted his hands off all the controls . 
 `` look ! 
 no hands ! '' 
 `` stop that ! '' 
 i yelled , unable to cover up my smile . 
 `` come here , '' he said , motioning with his chin . 
 i moved around so i was standing right beside him . 
 he hooked me around the waist and pulled , causing me to tumble right into his lap . 
 i gave a little shriek and he laughed . 
 `` put your hands over mine , '' he instructed . 
 i hesitated and then i reached up . 
 flying a plane was something i never thought i would do . 
 flying a plane while sitting in the lap of some hot guy ? 
 that thought never even crossed my mind . 
 i liked it . 
 i wrapped my hands around his , both of us gripping the controls . 
 `` nice and easy , '' he murmured right next to my ear . 
 `` she practically drives herself . '' 
 my eyes momentarily fluttered closed . 
 his warm breath brushing across my ear made me feel like i just had a thirty-minute massage . 
 my body felt heavy and languid and i actually had to make a conscious effort to support my own weight and not give it all to him . 
 after a few minutes of flying together , he slipped his hands out from beneath mine and i was left to fly alone . 
 i gave a squeal of excitement . 
 `` i 'm flying ! '' 
 his laugh vibrated my ear and his arms fell loosely around my waist . 
 if i leaned back , i would be encircled in his body ... the plane jerked a little and his hands came back up over mine . 
 `` whoa , '' he said . 
 `` easy . '' 
 `` i think i better leave the flying to you . '' 
 i moved off his lap , returning to the vacant seat beside him . 
 we flew in silence for a while . 
 the scenery mesmerized me . 
 but then the clouds started to turn a darker color . 
 they were no longer fluffy and white . 
 instead , they glowed a sort of electric gray color , and i swore i saw some lightning flashing here and there . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i asked him , unease filling my body . 
 he was looking out the window with a confused look on his face . 
 `` it was n't supposed to rain today . '' 
 `` rain ? '' 
 were we flying into bad weather ? 
 he nodded . 
 `` you should go back and buckle up . '' 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 i needed to know . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 he assured me , but not before i caught the hesitation in his tone . 
 i did as he asked , heading back toward my seat . 
 just as i got there , we seemed to hit a pocket of turbulence and i fell over in the aisle , bumping my shoulder on the seat . 
 i scrambled back up , sitting down and fumbling to fasten the belt around my waist . 
 at the moment , it seemed silly . 
 like a strip of fabric around my waist was really going to help me if this plane decided to plunge out of the sky . 
 but i left it there anyway , thinking it could n't hurt . 
 plus , in some ways , it was a comfort . 
 it made me feel safer , even if i was n't . 
 after a few minutes , the plane evened out and the flight grew smooth again . 
 i let out a shaky breath and relaxed my stiffened muscles . 
 i rolled my head to the side and glanced out the tiny oval window and into the sky . 
 it was dark . 
 the once-fluffy clouds now looked angry and dirty . 
 the plane seemed to tilt then and then rapidly righted once more . 
 my stomach rolled . 
 turbulence rocked us again , and it felt as if we dropped about ten feet in a span of one second . 
 i swallowed back the panic clawing at my throat . 
 everything 's fine . 
 it 's just a storm . 
 i repeated that mantra over and over again until i lost track of time . 
 the plane still struggled through the air and nash did n't say a word . 
 i did n't dare ask him what was happening . 
 i did n't want to take away any of his concentration . 
 and then it started to rain . 
 huge , fat drops of water plastered against the little window and soaked the plane . 
 over the sound of the pounding rain , i heard a muffled curse . 
 that 's when i knew we were in trouble . 
 i scrabbled with the seatbelt , finally getting it undone , and raced toward the front . 
 i felt like i was in some sort of carnival funhouse-the kind with a tilting floor that made it impossible to walk straight . 
 `` nash ! '' 
 i yelled , rushing forward . 
 `` go back to your seat , ava , '' he yelled , not looking away from the windshield . 
 `` i 've got this under control . '' 
 i admired his confidence . 
 i admired how assured he was . 
 it almost made me feel better . 
 almost . 
 but then i looked at the sweeping view before us . 
 it looked like we were flying right into the mouth of some kind of swirling , angry beast . 
 i knew the wind was fierce because of the speed the uber-dark clouds scattering across the sky . 
 the rain still pelted the plane , falling in heavy sheets so fast the tiny windshield wipers could barely keep up . 
 blinding white lightning shot through the sky , lighting up portions of the storm . 
 i understood now why some people said a thunderstorm was really the gods fighting . 
 this was intense and powerful . 
 `` go sit , '' nash barked . 
 i did as he asked because i did n't know what else to do . 
 i 'd never in my life felt so helpless than i did right then . 
 it was like seeing a clear future toward imminent death and not being able to do a thing to stop it . 
 i started to pray . 
 i said every prayer i knew and then i closed my eyes and just begged god to help us . 
 with every tilt , lurch , and bump , my breathing became a little more shallow . 
 i moved over to the window seat and stared down below us , trying to guess how far the ground really was . 
 too far . 
 and it was all ocean . 
 the dark water stretched as far as i could see . 
 it looked choppy and churned as if there was also a storm raging beneath the surface of the sea . 
 even if we survived the plane crashing , the chances of not drowning were slim . 
 i was n't sure which way i would prefer to die . 
 thinking about it made me feel extremely sick . 
 it was like asking a person if they wanted to be shot or stabbed . 
 the answer was neither . 
 the answer was i did n't want to die . 
 a gust of wind attacked the plane , tossing it up into the air and turning us onto our side . 
 i finally understood the reason for the seatbelt because had i not been wearing it , i would have fallen across the plane and hit the other side . 
 i sucked in a deep breath . 
 i could n't scream . 
 i was beyond screaming . 
 i was so utterly terrified that my body just hung there like a ragdoll and trembled . 
 when the plane righted , my body jerked in the seat , my head bouncing off the window . 
 and then we fell out of the sky . 
 the plane literally took a nosedive toward the ocean . 
 i no longer had to wonder if this plane had the oxygen masks built into the ceiling because they fell out , one of them dangling in front of me . 
 i stared at it , numb , knowing i needed to put it on but unable to command my body to move . 
 nash appeared , his face pale and his light-green eyes wild . 
 he stumbled over to me and my eyes snapped up . 
 `` who 's driving the plane ! '' 
 i demanded , already knowing no one was . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 he just strapped the mask over my face and then turned to go back to the cockpit . 
 i grabbed his hand as oxygen made its way into my lungs . 
 our eyes met . 
 his fingers tightened around mine . 
 it was the kind of moment that needed no words . 
 we both knew exactly what was happening . 
 we barely knew each other . 
 we were only connected through our family ties , and now it seemed we might die together . 
 his face would be the last one i would see . 
 his skin would be the last skin i felt . 
 both our lives would be cut short and we would be left with nothing but a bunch of what ifs . 
 `` i 'm going to do everything i can to keep us alive , '' he vowed . 
 i clung to his words after he disappeared . 
 i replayed them over and over in my head . 
 it was n't a promise . 
 it was n't a guarantee . 
 it was all i had . 
 a clap of thunder boomed through the sky and caused me to jump about a mile high in my seat . 
 it was so close and so loud it shook the plane . 
 the hum of the engine sputtered . 
 i heard nash radioing for help . 
 i heard him begging for someone to answer . 
 no one did . 
 the tiny plane plummeted , quickly losing altitude , barreling toward the ocean as the storm raged around us . 
 i unhooked my seatbelt , tore the mask from my face , and went for nash . 
 if i was going to die , i was n't going to be alone . 
 he barely glanced at me when i sat in the seat beside him . 
 he was pulling on the controls , sweat dotting his forehead and trailing down his face . 
 as soon as he would manage to get the nose of the plane pulled back up , it would only force itself back down again . 
 it was a vicious cycle-up and down , up and down . 
 as the body of water drew closer , i began to brace myself for impact . 
 i knew the force and speed we were traveling would slam us into the water like it was a wall of concrete . 
 there was n't anything left to do . 
 with a loud curse , nash let go of the controls . 
 he turned to me . 
 we shared another of those meaningful looks , and then he was leaping over the controls separating us and covering my body with his . 
 he was trying to protect me . 
 tears leaked out of my eyes and fell onto the cold , hard floor of the plane . 
 nash started speaking softly to me . 
 in spanish . 
 the cadence of his words was like a song . 
 i did n't bother to ask him what he was saying . 
 i did n't care . 
 i was just glad the last sound i would ever hear was his beautiful voice . 
 the plane screamed on impact , buckling under the pressure of whatever we hit and groaned with such ferocity that any hope we would survive vanished . 
 and then there was nothing . 
 the island ... 3 it could have been hours . 
 it could have been days . 
 i did n't know how long we floated between the living and the dead . 
 all i knew was that time had passed . 
 the peaceful sound of the waves crashing along a sand-filled shore was the first thing i heard when my ears came alive . 
 the sound was soothing and i snuggled down in my bed , trying to get comfortable . 
 but there was no comfort . 
 one of my eyes opened and all i could see was chaos . 
 debris littered the area around me . 
 something poked into my side and my body began to tingle . 
 as my mind cleared of its self-imposed fog , i became aware of the stiffness in my muscles , the pain lingering in my limbs , and of a searing , slicing pain radiating throughout in my skull . 
 plane crash . 
 dead . 
 no ... alive . 
 nash . 
 the final thought caused me to push up off the floor quickly . 
 too quickly , because i fell right back down into a pathetic heap . 
 refusing to accept the way i felt , i pushed up again , this time a little bit slower . 
 i blinked , squinting through the dimness of the interior of the plane . 
 or what was left of it . 
 the entire tail section was gone . 
 and beyond it ... beyond were dense leafy greenery and the chatter of foreign-sounding birds . 
 but i was n't ready to think about where we might be or what might lie in wait tucked deep inside the foliage . 
 my first concern was for the man who tried to protect me even when we were falling from the sky . 
 he was no longer on top of me . 
 he was no longer beside me . 
 i did n't see him at all . 
 suddenly an all-encompassing panic gripped me like a vise . 
 what if he was sucked out the back half of the plane ? 
 what if he was out there injured or ... worse ? 
 calm down , ava ! 
 i demanded of myself . 
 he did n't fall out of the plane . 
 he was right here , with you . 
 if he had fallen out , you would have too . 
 thank goodness there was some voice of reason left inside me . 
 i sat up , pushing away some of the debris-pieces of the plane , papers , glass-and peering into what was left of the back section of the plane . 
 some of the seats were missing . 
 some had come loose and were lying on their sides . 
 oxygen masks still dangled from what was left of the ceiling , some knotted together , some missing parts . 
 a couple of the windows were busted out , allowing in a little bit of light . 
 i walked carefully through the area , balancing my hand on the walls as i walked . 
 over toward the left , underneath a few windows , was a pile of three chairs . 
 sticking out from beneath them was a foot . 
 i lunged forward , tripping a little and falling into the chair on the top . 
 i grabbed it and hauled it backward . 
 my muscles strained under the weight , but i kept at it . 
 when it was gone , i was able to see more of nash 's still body . 
 `` nash , '' i said , my voice sounding like a rusty saw scraping across metal . 
 `` wake up . 
 please do n't be dead . '' 
 my vision was blurry from the tears soaking my eyes , but i kept working , shoving back another chair and uncovering his face . 
 i dropped to my knees beside him and took his jaw in my hands . 
 i tilted his head toward me and put my ear right up to his lips . 
 he was breathing . 
 he looked so vulnerable lying there with blood smeared across his cheek and dark curls falling over his forehead . 
 i reached out and brushed them away , revealing a bruise on his forehead . 
 `` nash , '' i said again , his name more of a whispered prayer . 
 his eyelashes fluttered . 
 he groaned . 
 and then he was staring up at me , disoriented and confused . 
 `` the plane crashed . 
 we 're still alive . 
 we 're okay . '' 
 i watched realization dawn over his features . 
 i watched him go through the mental body check i 'd just performed on myself . 
 and then he was springing up at impossible speed , startling me , and i fell back . 
 but he caught me . 
 he pulled me into his chest , crushing me against him . 
 rocking us back and forth while he palmed the back of my head . 
 i held on to him as tightly as i could , ignoring the protest in my joints , the tremor of my hands . 
 we were both alive . 
 thank you , god . 
 his body stiffened and he pulled me back , his eyes searching my face . 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 how badly are you injured ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` i think i 'm okay . 
 nothing too serious . '' 
 `` you 're bleeding , '' i said softly , reaching up to touch the red smeared on his cheek . 
 `` so are you , '' he murmured , grasping my head and tilting it down . 
 `` you have a gash in your head . 
 it looks pretty deep , but i ca n't be sure because it 's caked with dried blood and your hair . '' 
 `` that explains the headache , '' i joked , though it was n't funny . 
 `` we need to get up , move around , and really find out how badly we 're injured . '' 
 i nodded . 
 gently , he sat me away from him and stood . 
 he reached down and helped me to my feet and then linked our fingers . 
 `` we stay together . '' 
 i nodded again . 
 he moved back toward the cockpit and started digging through the rubble . 
 when the plane 's radio came into sight , a shaky sigh escaped my lips . 
 that radio was our lifeline . 
 that radio was our ticket to getting help . 
 i watched nash as he flipped the switches , as he used the controls and held the little microphone at his lips . 
 `` mayday , mayday , '' he said into the radio . 
 silence followed . 
 nash fiddled with the switches some more . 
 he shook the radio and cursed at it impolitely . 
 still , the electronic was unresponsive . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 nash said , kicking it to the side . 
 he pushed his hand through the tangled mass of curls on his head and growled . 
 `` it 's broken . '' 
 well , yeah , i kind of figured that when he kicked it . 
 the sharp swell of disappointment was strong . 
 so was the fear . 
 would anyone know where to look for us ? 
 how long until someone noticed we never landed ? 
 i pressed a hand to my head gingerly . 
 all this worrying and thinking only made it hurt worse . 
 i caught nash looking at me with a heavy frown on his face . 
 i gave him what i hoped was an encouraging smile and released my head . 
 he waded through the mess , moving things out of this way , until he reached a little cabinet built into the wall of the plane . 
 using the side of his fist , nash hit the little cabinet door and it sprang open . 
 a large white first aid kit spilled out . 
 `` sweet , '' he said , scooping it up . 
 he scrounged around a few more minutes and came up with two bottles of water . 
 just looking at them made me realize how thirsty i was . 
 he uncapped one of the bottles and extended it to me . 
 i took it , lifting the lukewarm liquid to my lips . 
 it slid across my tongue and down my throat with ease , rinsing away some of the dryness . 
 a small sound of appreciation ripped from my chest , and i greedily took another gulping sip . 
 i caught nash watching me from over the bottle still stuck to my lips . 
 i stopped drinking immediately and held it out to him . 
 i felt selfish just then , hogging down the water when he likely was just as thirsty as i . 
 he gave me a small shake of his head and held up the other bottle . 
 `` that one is yours . '' 
 i watched as he uncapped his own bottle and took a drink . 
 my gaze fastened right to his throat when his adam 's apple bobbed up and down with every swallow . 
 he had another smear of blood on his neck and some splotches of dirt . 
 my fingers itched to reach out and brush it away , to feel for his steady pulse at the base of his neck . 
 the need to touch him-to reassure myself that we were indeed alive and breathing-was almost overwhelming . 
 i pulled the bottle away from my lips , my thirst satiated but an all-new need arising within in . 
 he seemed to sense the change in the air around us and he too lowered the bottle from his lips and recapped it . 
 keeping his green-eyed stare on me , he reached out and took my bottle , twisting the cap back onto it as well . 
 `` we need to drink slowly , try and save this until we know what we 're dealing with . '' 
 i saw his lips move . 
 i heard the deep timbre of his voice . 
 but i barely heard his words . 
 i stepped forward and wrapped my arms around his waist , bringing myself tightly up against him . 
 i rested my ear over his chest , just like i had craved to do , and pressed it there , seeking out the sound i so badly needed . 
 he gave it to me without even trying . 
 the rhythm of his heart echoed through his chest and filled me up . 
 my eyes slid closed as i stood there , wrapped around him , listening to the proof that we had survived , that we really were alive . 
 one of his arms came up , hovered over my back , and then descended , wrapping around me with strength and purpose . 
 he took a deep breath and my ear rose with his chest , his heartbeat getting just a little bit closer . 
 `` i really thought we were going to die . '' 
 i confessed . 
 `` i 'd be lying if i said i did n't think that too . '' 
 he hugged me just a little bit tighter and i felt his cheek press against the top of my head . 
 i winced , sharp pain cutting into our moment . 
 `` i need to look at you , '' he murmured , pulling away gently . 
 he handed me the first-aid kit and then grabbed one of the fallen plane seats and righted it , motioning for me to come and sit down . 
 i did and he stood over me , his fingers gently probing my head . 
 `` you have a piece of shrapnel stuck in your head , '' he muttered . 
 he continued to search around for a moment and then squatted down before me , turning the kit in my lap and then clicking it open and rummaging through its contents . 
 he came out with a pair of tweezers , and i cringed . 
 `` i 'll be gentle , '' he promised . 
 i figured the pain could n't be any worse than falling from the sky in a plane so i nodded and gave him full access to my wound . 
 it did n't take him long to pull out the scrap of metal , my teeth grinding together as he did . 
 it stung . 
 it felt like it was a mile long , and i sensed every single inch as he yanked . 
 `` hold out your hand , '' he said , and when i did he dropped a fairly sizeable piece of the plane into my palm . 
 it was smeared with rust-colored blood and was probably two inches in length . 
 then he abandoned the tweezers and quickly reached for a thick wad of gauze , pressing into my scalp . 
 `` you 're bleeding again , '' he said grimly . 
 i did n't say anything because there was n't anything i could say that would make the blood stop flowing . 
 `` hold this , '' he instructed , and i reached up to apply pressure to the wound . 
 i could feel the warm liquid already soaking through the gauze to coat my fingers . 
 vaguely , i wondered how much blood i already lost , how much more blood i could afford to lose . 
 nash was searching through the first aid kit , which thank goodness was a good size and stocked full . 
 he lined up a few items on the top of the pile and then looked up . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 how could i not trust a man who tried to save us and when it became obvious he could n't , he still covered my body with his ? 
 `` i 'm going to clean your wound and then stitch it closed . 
 it 's going to hurt . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 the bottom dropped out of my stomach . 
 `` have you ever stitched up someone 's head ? '' 
 `` you 're my first . '' 
 `` words every girl longs to hear , '' i quipped . 
 he grinned . 
 it made me forget for just a moment that i was bleeding profusely from my scalp . 
 `` we got ta get this bleeding stopped , '' he said gently , reaching up and pulling away my hand . 
 the gauze came with it . 
 it was completely soaked in red . 
 `` do n't look at it , '' he said , tossing it aside and ripping open some kind of wipe or something . 
 he swiped it across my head and i gave a shout of pain . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` that hurts . '' 
 `` i like it when women talk dirty to me , '' he said , continuing the torture . 
 `` i 'll just bet you do , '' i muttered darkly . 
 he chuckled and reached for another wipe . 
 my heart pounded and my vision became a little blurry . 
 `` you 're doing good , '' he would say every few minutes . 
 then he reached for a needle and some black thread . 
 i thought i might pass out . 
 i started shaking uncontrollably , my teeth chattering together like we were sitting in an igloo in shorts and t-shirts . 
 `` ava , '' he said . 
 he sounded so far away . 
 then his warm hands were gripping my chin and he was turning my face up so he could stare down into my eyes . 
 `` do n't you dare pass out on me . '' 
 i just kept shaking . 
 he cursed . 
 and then he climbed into my lap . 
 that was one way to get a girl 's attention . 
 his weight settled over me like a heavy blanket . 
 his warmth was like a sauna and my skin soaked him in like a blooming flower on the first day of spring . 
 his thighs were huge and they rested on each side of my waist , the core of him meeting my middle and his body pinning me back against the seat . 
 `` you 're going into shock , '' he explained . 
 `` just breathe . '' 
 i thought his weight might seem crushing , but it was n't . 
 it was security ; it was something solid in a tentative world . 
 my hands twisted in the hem of his shirt and held on , their shaking slowing to a fine tremble . 
 `` that 's a girl , '' he murmured , placing his lips against my forehead . 
 my body calmed . 
 my heart rate returned to normal . 
 what he did for me nothing in that first aid kit could do . 
 `` i 'm going to go as fast as i can , '' he promised . 
 i wondered what he was talking about . 
 and then the needled jabbed into my skin . 
 i yelped and he bore his weight down on me even further , pinning me to the chair and keeping me still . 
 i hoped i never had to feel this kind of pain again . 
 i felt every jab , every pull of the needle . 
 it hurt so bad i sort of went numb . 
 it was as if my body refused to feel that amount of pain . 
 and then he pulled his hands away . 
 i collapsed against the back of the chair like i 'd just completed a marathon . 
 `` hey , '' he murmured softly , taking my face in his hands . 
 `` you still with me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he kissed me . 
 the first brush of his lips was balm to my pain-laden soul . 
 it was a soft , lingering kiss that stole my senses and made everything , including the pain , disappear . 
 he titled his head just slightly , his lips dragging over mine . 
 mine parted and our mouths met again . 
 his tongue teased the entrance of my mouth , tracing the outline of my lips , and then he planted his lips fully upon mine once more . 
 it was the best pain medicine i would ever know . 
 a small whimper left my mouth and traveled into his . 
 he swallowed it like he was trying to capture some of my pain and take it away , like he was willing to shoulder some of my hurt so i would know relief . 
 it was n't really about romance . 
 it was n't about passion . 
 it was more . 
 when he pulled back , he dropped a soft kiss to the tip of my nose . 
 `` bella , '' he whispered , the word sounding poetic as he spoke it in his native language . 
 it was probably the only word i knew in spanish . 
 it meant `` beautiful . '' 
 `` i 'm going to cover this now , '' he said gently , reaching down beside us , cleaning off his hands and then rummaging around for more supplies out of the kit . 
 `` the worst of the pain is over . '' 
 his kiss lingered on my lips . 
 the taste of him clung to the inside of my mouth while he finished cleaning the area around my new stitches and then applied some sort of covering . 
 `` there , '' he said , climbing off my lap . 
 i instantly missed his weight . 
 `` that 's the best i could do considering all this hair . '' 
 he reached out and fingered a thick lock of my wavy , long blond hair . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i looked up . 
 noticing the blood and gash on his cheek once more . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 i motioned for him to take my seat and i crouched , searching around for some supplies of my own to clean his injury . 
 i lined them up on his lap , kneeled between his knees , and leaned into him to clean off the area . 
 the muscle in his jaw ticked as i cleaned off the worst of the area . 
 it was n't still bleeding so i figured a butterfly bandage would do just fine . 
 i tried not to be distracted by the way his hand found the side of my hip and held on to me while i worked . 
 who was i kidding ? 
 it was distracting as hell . 
 i guess my libido did n't get damaged in the crash . 
 after i applied the antiseptic and bandage , i pulled back . 
 `` i think you 'll live , '' i declared . 
 `` that 's good . 
 i 'm not ready to die yet . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 was there a veiled meaning behind his words ? 
 i could have sworn desire laced his eyes . 
 i told myself i was just seeing things because of my discomfort . 
 a sound from outside caught my attention . 
 i stood up abruptly . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i murmured , nervous about what lay beyond the wreckage . 
 `` do n't know . 
 probably one of the many islands around here . '' 
 `` we should find a hospital . 
 or the police . '' 
 he gave me a long glance out of the corner of his eye but did n't say anything . 
 even still , that one glance made me uneasy . 
 `` come on , '' he said , packing up the first aid kit and tucking it beneath his arm with one of the water bottles . 
 i grabbed up mine and he took my hand , leading us to the back of the plane . 
 `` stay here , '' he said and then hopped down over the jagged metal and loose wiring into the jungle-like environment . 
 he glanced out into the foliage and then back at me . 
 i could see his internal debate about whether or not to leave me or drag me along with him . 
 too bad it was n't his decision . 
 `` stay together . '' 
 i reminded him of his earlier words . 
 he nodded and palmed my waist , lifting me down as if i weighed nothing at all . 
 when he sat me on my feet , he reached up and brushed away the hair that was sticking to my forehead in what i assumed was dried blood . 
 it appeared the plane crashed onto the shore and skidded into a densely wooded area . 
 i figured we could n't have hit the ocean because nothing inside the plane was wet , and surely some of the salty seawater would have made it inside with the busted windows and half the plane missing . 
 what was left of the plane rested among palm trees and plants with leaves as big as my head . 
 behind it , the earth bore the skid marks of its hasty crash and it was those marks we followed , kind of like hansel and gretel followed the breadcrumbs . 
 it did n't take long to see where they led . 
 it was n't to a cottage made of candy . 
 it was to a pristine stretch of beach . 
 the sand was white , the water a crystal-clear blue . 
 in the distance , the sun was sinking low in the sky , painting the horizon shades of pink and orange , setting a blazing trail of crimson along the top of the water . 
 it was absolutely stunning . 
 except for one thing . 
 there was n't a single soul in sight . 
 there were no boats . 
 no people . 
 no hotels , no streets , no noise . 
 it was as if this place had been previously untouched by any kind of civilization . 
 i glanced at nash and the solemn set to his jaw . 
 i finally understood the look he 'd given me on the plane when i talked about a hospital and the police . 
 there would be no hospital . 
 or police . 
 there would be no help at all . 
 it appeared that nash and i had crashed on an uninhabited island . 
 we were utterly alone . 
 4 we walked for a long time , thinking we would run into some kind of civilization , not yet willing to give up hope . 
 but every step we took only got us closer to the realization that there was no one here but us . 
 we were on an island . 
 a tropical oasis of nothing but sand , water , and lush tropical growth . 
 the sand was white and the water was crystal clear . 
 the beach stretched on for as far as i could see and the sand gave way to a jungle of sorts . 
 we did n't really explore too deeply into the foliage . 
 i was afraid of getting lost . 
 and we were both exhausted . 
 we might have been out for some time , but it had n't been a restful sleep . 
 it had been our bodies ' way of healing , of keeping us both alive . 
 when it became apparent that there was nothing out there and darkness threatened to consume all the light of day that remained , we turned back , heading for the plane . 
 my stomach rumbled as we walked and i struggled to remember the last time i ate . 
 i glanced at nash , who had fallen quiet . 
 his jeans were rolled up above his knees , one falling slightly lower than the other . 
 he walked in the water as it rushed up over his feet and ankles . 
 a breeze blew off the ocean , pulling at his t-shirt , plastering it against his torso , which was clearly well defined . 
 he must 've felt my stare because he looked up . 
 `` when we get back to the plane , i will try to radio for help . 
 maybe we 'll get lucky and have a signal . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` maybe we can find one of our phones . '' 
 `` i think staying near the plane is our best bet right now . 
 if someone comes looking , they might spot the wreckage . '' 
 `` and the plane is good shelter , '' i added . 
 even if the tail end was missing , it still provided a barrier from the elements and the sun . 
 not to mention we really had no idea what kind of predators lived on the island . 
 `` do you think we 're close to puerto rico ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` i could n't say . 
 the plane was blown farther out into the sea ... if i had to guess , i would say we 're closer to bermuda . '' 
 `` we crashed in the bermuda triangle ? '' 
 he nodded , his expression grim . 
 i was n't sure what this could mean . 
 sure , i 'd heard all the tales and rumors about the triangle and how planes and boats often went missing . 
 were we just another victim of the esteemed black hole of the ocean ? 
 were we going to fade into something of a mystery ? 
 would we fall victim to a myth ? 
 i pushed those thoughts away , telling myself it did n't matter . 
 the only thing that mattered right now was that we were alive . 
 the plane came into view in the distance , an all too vivid reminder of what we just endured . 
 both of us trudged on , me wishing i had some kind of pain medicine to dull the throbbing in my head and nash saying nothing at all . 
 it was completely dark when we made our way inside the wreckage . 
 i was exhausted and felt like crying . 
 we both plopped down in two wayward chairs . 
 nash was nothing but a blur of color in the darkness . 
 `` let 's just rest tonight . 
 we 'll figure out what we 're going to do in the morning . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 he stood and pried open the overhead compartments above the row of seats . 
 he pulled something down , shaking it out and then draping the blanket over me . 
 then he handed me a pillow . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i 'll get one for me too . '' 
 i snuggled down into the seat with my blanket and pillow , telling myself things could be far , far worse . 
 and then i closed my eyes . 
 my thoughts drifted to nash and the way i felt earlier when his lips were upon mine . 
 * * * sleep was rather easy to obtain ... but it was hard to keep . 
 i kept hearing the crunch of metal , the sound of the tail being ripped away . 
 and then i would somehow break free of the pile of debris burying me and stand , wind whipping around me evilly , trying to pull me from the plane . 
 and then i would see him . 
 see nash . 
 he would reach for me and i would hold out my hand ... and then the wind would claim him , would suck him right into the darkened sky outside . 
 his scream rang through my head . 
 i jerked awake . 
 `` ava ? '' 
 his voice reached me through the dark . 
 `` nash . '' 
 just the sound of his voice washed away the worst of the dream . 
 i heard some movement and then he appeared above me . 
 `` did you have a nightmare ? '' 
 i nodded and realized that he likely could n't see the movement . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm okay now . '' 
 `` wan na talk about it ? '' 
 `` the plane was crashing all over again . 
 but this time ... you did n't make it . '' 
 i could n't help the way my voice caught at the last part . 
 he made a soft sound and reached for me , picking me up and sitting down with me in his lap . 
 my skin felt cold against his and i sighed at his warmth enveloping me . 
 `` where the hell is your blanket ? '' 
 he asked , feeling around the ground around us . 
 he found it and dragged it up , tucking it around us both . 
 `` i must have kicked it off when i was sleeping . '' 
 he grunted . 
 `` those shorts of yours are n't going to keep you warm . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with my shorts ? '' 
 `` not a thing , '' he said , his voice a little thicker than before . 
 `` they just do n't offer much warmth . '' 
 they were short . 
 and i was cold . 
 `` like your jeans are any warmer . '' 
 i snorted , reaching down and fingering one of the many holes . 
 my fingertip slid in and brushed against the skin of his leg . 
 heat fizzled along my nerve endings , zapping up my fingers through my arm and toward my chest . 
 i jerked back , a little frightened about the sudden surge of desire . 
 he chuckled . 
 i felt my muscles stiffen slightly , a little shocked at my response from an accidental touch . 
 he seemed to sense the change that came over me , and his hand slid upward and rubbed slow circles over my back , coaxing my body into relaxing once more . 
 it worked . 
 my eyes closed and i submitted to the feel of his palm massaging me . 
 i snuggled a little closer , not even realizing what i was doing until his arms tightened around me . 
 i might have been embarrassed about my body 's automatic reaction to get closer if he had n't felt so damn good . 
 i 'd never been held like this before . 
 sure , i 'd seen women and men on tv embracing and oh-so-close , but i did n't really think it would feel this way . 
 this secure . 
 maybe it was that sense of security that caused the one secret fear that had been gnawing at me since we crashed to pass through my lips . 
 `` do you think anyone will come for us ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 the words were captured by the darkness around us , creeping in the empty space , almost taunting us . 
 he was silent a moment and then he replied . 
 `` yes . 
 i really do . 
 we 're going to be just fine . '' 
 his lips grazed the top of my forehead as he spoke . 
 hot chills raced over my skin . 
 i desperately wanted to believe him . 
 still , there was a taunting voice inside me that whispered we would never get off this island . 
 i spent the rest of the night in that place between sleep and consciousness . 
 usually that state annoyed me because it was n't actually restful , but this time i was n't annoyed . 
 i was so comfortable it was like i did n't quite want to surrender to sleep , because then i would n't be aware of his breathing , of the steady rhythm of his heart . 
 i would n't feel the way his skin brushed against mine when he moved . 
 the darkness started to lift , bringing out more shadows , and i became aware of needs that required the bathroom we did n't have . 
 i felt myself squirm in his lap , knowing i could n't hold it forever , but not wanting to use the jungle out there as a potty . 
 he groaned a little , his hips bucking up , pressing a very solid length against my hip . 
 i froze . 
 squirming around in a guy 's lap probably was n't the best idea . 
 he moved again , the hard length of him nudging me . 
 my mouth went dry . 
 i was n't really sure how to react . 
 part of me wanted to leap off him . 
 the other part of me was curious . 
 my fingers itched to reach out and explore that part of him-the part of a man that was sort of a mystery to me . 
 before i could do anything , he opened his eyes and i felt his stare . 
 a half smile played across his lips . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 `` hi , '' i said shyly . 
 `` it 's still really early . '' 
 `` i have to pee , '' i said , totally embarrassed i just announced that like a five-year-old , but clearly the feel of his ... well , his you know , robbed my brain of the filter it obviously needed . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` yeah , me too . '' 
 he patted my back . 
 `` come on , then , up . '' 
 i swung my legs off him , which pressed my bottom farther back in his lap . 
 a groan ripped out of his throat as the ridge in his pants punched forward , right up against my backside . 
 i froze , not really sure what to do . 
 i hoped he did n't think i did that on purpose . 
 `` he 's not going to get any smaller with you sitting in my lap like that , '' he murmured . 
 embarrassment flooded my cheeks and i jolted off him , stumbling a little over the debris on the ground . 
 nash grabbed my arm to steady me but did n't say anything else , thank god . 
 we went outside and he pointed to the right . 
 `` ladies that way . '' 
 then he started off to the left . 
 i wandered around a few minutes , squinting at every shape i saw , half expecting some kind of wild beast to attack me and make me breakfast . 
 when nothing came after me , i found a spot and did my business , the whole time wrinkling my nose . 
 i was so not a roughing it kind of girl . 
 nash was waiting beside the plane when i pushed my way back through the plants . 
 his back was to me and he was staring out toward the beach . 
 he did n't turn , but he held out his hand to me . 
 `` look , '' he said , his voice hushed . 
 i stepped forward , slipping my hand into his , and gasped . 
 the sun was rising over the ocean . 
 the sky was a vibrant hue of pink with the pale yellow of the sun in the center . 
 the water sparkled like a chest full of gems and a light , cool breeze brushed over my skin and ruffled the large leaves around us . 
 `` i 've never seen a sunrise so beautiful . '' 
 `` it 's the ultimate love story , '' he murmured . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i glanced away from the view to his strong profile . 
 i could n't help but study the planes and angles of his face and the slight stubble that covered the bottom portion of his jaw . 
 `` the story about how the moon loved the sun so deeply that it died every morning so she could breathe with the new day . '' 
 i glanced back at the climbing sun . 
 `` i 've never heard that before . '' 
 `` two entities intertwined forever , destined to never share the sky at the same time , but never able to hate each other for it . 
 instead , they die for one other over and over again . '' 
 `` that 's beautiful . '' 
 and it brought an entirely new significance to night and day . 
 `` si , '' he agreed . 
 we stood there unmoving , staring out at the water until the sun had ascended above the verge and appeared to be sitting on top of the horizon like a giant boat ready to sail away . 
 `` kiki would have loved to see this , '' i said , thinking of my beloved grandmother . 
 then panic stole through me and i gasped . 
 `` kiki ! '' 
 forgetting all about the beautiful sunrise , i raced back toward the plane-toward the last place i remembered seeing the suitcase with the urn inside . 
 before the crash . 
 before the tail of the plane was whipped away and nash and i were knocked out cold . 
 i could n't believe i had forgotten about her ashes until now . 
 what if they were gone ? 
 what if they had been sucked out of the plane when the tail was torn away ? 
 it would be like losing her all over again . 
 5 i searched furiously through the wreckage , my heart pounding and tears swimming in my eyes . 
 surely she was still here . 
 surely life could n't be so cruel as to kill a woman twice . 
 i felt the jab of something sharp in my hand and i yelped , yanking it back and seeing blood . 
 i wiped in on my shirt and kept on rummaging . 
 nash searched alongside me , lifting up the heavier items that i did n't have the muscle to move . 
 dread spread through my limbs the longer we looked and came up empty . 
 i was about to completely lose it when nash called out from behind . 
 `` found it ! '' 
 i made a sound of relief and rushed over as he pulled the black suitcase from underneath a pile of junk . 
 it was scuffed up and the fabric was lightly shredded . 
 he laid it down and i ripped at the zippers , my fingers just not being able to move fast enough . 
 when i got it opened , i flung the lid back and stared down at the contents inside . 
 the urn was still in once piece . 
 it was completely unharmed . 
 a single tear slid down my cheek as i lifted the container carefully , inspecting it and then hugging it close to my chest . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered to nash . 
 he wrapped me and the urn in his arms and held me close while the strongest of my emotions rolled through me . 
 i could bear to lose anything else to this crash except for this . 
 he pulled back and wiped at the tear on my cheek . 
 then he looked at my hand and frowned . 
 `` you 're bleeding . '' 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 he retrieved the first aid kit , and i scowled at him . 
 `` i 've had enough stitches to last me a lifetime . 
 if you plan on pulling anything out of that case other than a band-aid , i 'm going to kick you . '' 
 `` so violent , '' he said , grinning . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` will you consent to a little antibacterial cream as well ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i grumbled and flung out my hand . 
 `` i think we should clean this place up a bit or we 're going to keep hurting ourselves . 
 maybe we can find some soda or some food . 
 and maybe we can find an extra blanket or two to hang up over the part that 's missing . '' 
 he motioned toward the gaping hole that used to be the tail . 
 `` i have some protein bars in my suitcase if we can find it . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'll try to radio for help . '' 
 as promised , he applied a band-aid and then put away the kit . 
 we worked together , cleaning up the debris , lining up a few of the stray seats against the wall and blocking the broken windows with whatever we could find . 
 my eyes strayed to the broken radio . 
 regret burned the back of my throat . 
 how different things would 've been if we could just call someone . 
 but there would be no calling for help . 
 but i did manage to find my suitcase , and i squealed with joy . 
 i had a toothbrush , a comb , and even some tiny bottles of shampoo and soap ! 
 i 'd never been so excited over shampoo . 
 nash managed to find three cans of soda , another water bottle , and a couple bags of peanuts and pretzels and piled them in an extra chair . 
 i added the box of luna bars to the stash and the pack of gum i found in my suitcase . 
 it was n't much , but it was a hell of a lot better than nothing . 
 by the time we were done , i was sweaty , thirsty , and even dirtier . 
 `` i have some bad news , '' nash said , coming out of the cockpit and looking at me grimly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 he held up a cell phone . 
 a very broken and cracked cell phone . 
 `` was that yours ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's useless . '' 
 `` i have n't even found mine . '' 
 `` i did n't find another either . '' 
 the odds of one of our cells even getting any service here , if they worked , was slim to none anyway , so i tried not to take it too hard . 
 `` i found the protein bars , '' i said , holding up the box , trying to lighten the mood . 
 `` god , i 'm starving . '' 
 he took the box out of my hands and looked at it . 
 then he looked back at me and lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` nutrition for women ? '' 
 he read off the front . 
 i grinned . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 if you start to grow boobs , i 'll lend you a bra . '' 
 he gave me a wolfish smile . 
 `` does that mean you would n't be wearing one ? '' 
 desire swirled low in my belly and for a few long moments , i stared at him , unable to say a word . 
 then i snapped out of it . 
 `` i found my suitcase , '' i said dumbly . 
 `` i have extra . '' 
 `` too bad , '' he drawled , looking back at the box . 
 `` so why are these for women ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i think it 's because they 're high in folic acid and vitamin d. those are vitamins that are especially good for women . '' 
 `` chocolate chip cookie dough flavored , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll eat anything flavored like a cookie , even if i start to grow boobs . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` they 're my favorite . '' 
 `` what do you say we take our dinner and only meal today out on the beach ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he opened the box and pulled out two bars with brown and blue wrappers and the words luna protein scrawled across the front . 
 `` these are tiny , '' he grumped . 
 `` they fill me up . '' 
 i defended my snacks . 
 he snorted . 
 `` you 're tiny too . '' 
 `` i 'm almost five-foot-seven ! '' 
 `` i 'm six-three . '' 
 `` take two , '' i lamented , realizing a single bar definitely was n't going to be enough for him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no way . 
 we have to conserve this stuff . '' 
 i nodded . 
 he grabbed up a can of coke and motioned for me to follow him . 
 we made our way down to the sand in no time . 
 the sun was still pretty high in the sky so i knew we had hours of daylight left . 
 we sat down side by side , facing the ocean , and he handed me a bar . 
 i tore open the wrapper , relieved to see only a little bit of the chocolate coating had melted onto the inside of the wrapper . 
 i groaned when the chocolate hit my tongue . 
 `` so good , '' i moaned . 
 `` if you could eat anything in the world right now , what would it be ? '' 
 nash asked me as he took a big bite of his bar . 
 `` hmmm . 
 veggie pizza with the pan crust from pizza hut . 
 that 's the thickest . 
 and a chocolate milkshake . '' 
 `` a girl that knows what she wants . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` a huge cheeseburger piled high with all the fixings , onion rings , and a chocolate coke . '' 
 `` a chocolate coke ? '' 
 `` please tell me you 've had it , '' he said , stuffing the final bite of his dinner in his mouth . 
 `` never even heard of it . '' 
 he fell back on the sand like he 'd been shot . 
 i giggled . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's basically a fountain coke with chocolate syrup swirled in it . '' 
 `` that does n't sound like it goes together , '' i said , wrinkling my nose . 
 `` silence , woman ! '' 
 he commanded . 
 then he gave me an ornery smile . 
 i rolled my eyes and took another bite of my bar and suddenly felt guilty for eating it . 
 his was gone and i knew he had to be starving . 
 `` open your mouth and close your eyes , and you will get a big surprise , '' i repeated the rhyme from my childhood . 
 `` do you have a dead bug in your pocket or something ? '' 
 i wagged my eyebrows . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 challenge flared in his eyes and then he closed them and opened his mouth . 
 i popped the rest of my uneaten bar into his waiting mouth . 
 when his lips closed around it his eyes shot open and he sat up . 
 he did n't chew , just stared at me . 
 `` what the hell did you do that for ? '' 
 he said around the mouthful of food . 
 `` you should n't talk with food in your mouth , '' i informed him . 
 he gave me a dark look . 
 `` you need it more than i do . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 in truth , i was starving too , but i was smaller and did n't need as much as him . 
 he acted like he was going to spit it out into his hand . 
 i grabbed his very impressive bicep . 
 `` do n't you dare , '' i warned . 
 `` that 's a waste of perfectly good food . '' 
 he made a frustrated sound and then gave in and chewed it up . 
 `` why did you do that ! '' 
 he demanded when he was done . 
 i tilted my head to the side . 
 `` because you saved my life . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` honey , i crashed the plane . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you 're the only reason it landed here instead of diving straight into the ocean and killing us both . '' 
 `` i did n't do enough . 
 i did n't keep it up in the air . '' 
 i reached out and covered my hand with his . 
 he looked at our hands and then back at me . 
 `` when you realized we were going down , that it could n't be stopped , do you remember what you did ? '' 
 `` tried not to shit my pants ? '' 
 he guessed . 
 i smiled . 
 `` well , thank goodness you did n't . 
 then i 'd be stuck smelling you . '' 
 he snorted . 
 i turned serious again . 
 `` you covered my body with yours . '' 
 for some reason , that replayed over and over in my head-the weight of him pressing me down . 
 the sound of his foreign tongue whispering to me softly ... maybe it had n't meant anything . 
 maybe it was just a kneejerk reaction on his part , but to me ... to me it meant more than he would ever know . 
 that moment was branded into my brain and my heart forever . 
 `` it was the only thing i could think of , '' he said , not brushing off what i said . 
 something in my chest swelled just a little when those green eyes met mine . 
 `` i did n't know any other way to keep you alive . '' 
 `` even if it meant you getting hurt , '' i whispered . 
 how had we gotten so close ? 
 our noses were almost touching . 
 i could feel his warm , chocolate-scented breath across my face . 
 in that moment , i forgot we were stranded . 
 i forgot i was filthy . 
 that my head hurt and that we might never make it home . 
 in that second when his gaze touched mine , we were just two people who were irrevocably drawn to each other . 
 two people sitting in a tropical paradise with the sound of the waves echoing around us and the hum of chemistry between us . 
 he swallowed ; i heard his saliva slide down his throat . 
 `` i did n't do a very good job , '' he said low . 
 the huskiness in his voice almost overshadowed his words . 
 almost . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he reached out tentatively and touched around the tender area where my stitches were . 
 `` you 're still the one that got hurt the most . '' 
 `` but you fixed me up . '' 
 the corner of his mouth turned up . 
 he was going to kiss me . 
 i felt the pull between us so strongly that it took my breath . 
 he trailed his fingers down from my head , across my cheek , and then traced the line beneath my bottom lip . 
 then he cleared his throat and pulled away . 
 i blinked rapidly , shocked that he had n't followed through . 
 my body screamed for him to come back . 
 `` you need to drink this , '' he said , his voice still husky . 
 i knew he had to be as affected by me as i was by him . 
 or was that only wishful thinking ? 
 `` the sugar will do you good . '' 
 `` only if you drink some too . '' 
 he nodded and popped the top on the can . 
 brown , fizzy liquid sprayed up , making me squeal and lurch away . 
 i looked back at nash , who was still holding the can out away from him , with droplets of the sugary soda all over his arms and face . 
 i pressed a hand over my lips , trying to stop the giggle . 
 he glanced at me . 
 a drop of soda dripped off his nose and he caught it with his tongue . 
 i lost it . 
 i laughed so hard i fell over in the sand . 
 `` you think that 's funny , huh ? '' 
 he said , not amused at all . 
 he turned away and my giggles died away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , sitting up , reaching out for his shoulder . 
 he pounced on me . 
 literally turned and tackled me into the sand . 
 pinning me to the ground , he shook his head , his dark curls flinging droplets of soda onto my face . 
 i squealed . 
 `` not so funny now , is it ? '' 
 he said , rubbing his damp cheek across mine . 
 his lips brushed the corner of my mouth . 
 i froze , no longer able to laugh . 
 my stomach dropped and then started to dance around . 
 he was literally on top of me , his body pressed along mine . 
 just the mere tease of his lips was enough to make my hands tremble and my knees weak . 
 he pulled back just a fraction of an inch , turned his head , and stared down at me . 
 i could barely read his expression because of the way the sun shone around his body like a halo , making him look like he was in the shadows . 
 but i did n't need to see his expression . 
 because something was pressing against my stomach . 
 something hard and urgent . 
 something that i had to make an effort not to wiggle against . 
 his mouth claimed mine . 
 he literally stole every feeling i was experiencing and replaced them with only him . 
 his kiss was so utterly consuming , so all-encompassing , that i could do nothing but allow him to ravage my mouth , again and again . 
 oh my god , it was the single most devastating experience of my life . 
 he was truly delicious . 
 he tasted like chocolate and salt . 
 his body was hard and lean . 
 our toes twirled around together in the sand , the grittiness teasing my skin as his tongue tantalized my mouth . 
 `` open for me , '' he murmured against my lips . 
 i obeyed without thinking and his tongue swept inside my mouth , caressing over my teeth and fondling the roof of my mouth . 
 he sucked my lower lip into his mouth and moved against me . 
 i cried out because the sensation of his body and his mouth at the same time was almost more than i could bear . 
 there was a gnawing hunger inside me , and it was n't for food . 
 it was for something else , something i did n't quite understand . 
 i felt like i was standing on the edge of a cliff about to tumble over and there was no parachute or net to catch me . 
 his jean-clad leg pushed between mine and he brought it up , the firmness of his knee right at my core . 
 i moaned again , his body affecting mine in ways i truly did n't know was possible . 
 he tore his mouth from mine but kept kissing , down my neck and across my collarbone , where he nipped at the bones and made me shiver . 
 he lifted his head , dark curls falling near his heavy-lidded eyes , and his tongue jutted out between two swollen lips , licking at the remains of our kiss . 
 `` you taste good . '' 
 my thighs involuntarily tightened around his knee . 
 i watched as his eyes darkened to a deep leafy green . 
 he brought his hands up and brushed away my hair . 
 some of the hair was stuck in dried blood and pulled , making me wince . 
 he frowned . 
 `` i should have cleaned you up . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 he stood swiftly , the sea breeze brushing over my passion-fevered skin and making me wince . 
 he reached down and grabbed my hands and pulled me to my feet . 
 i stumbled a little , feeling dizzy , and i knew it was because of that kiss . 
 he kept hold of my hand and retrieved the coke that started it all and handed it to me . 
 `` drink . '' 
 i reached up to take it , but he shook his head and held the can to my lips . 
 i watched him as he tilted it up and the warm soda traveled across my tongue . 
 i drank . 
 then i drank some more . 
 he was rather pushy about it , but i did n't argue . 
 i was still drunk from that kiss . 
 my goodness , was he going to kiss me like that every day ? 
 if he did , i would never want to leave . 
 after a couple minutes , he relented , pulling the can up to his mouth . 
 i watched his lips wrap around the aluminum as he drank . 
 he drained the rest in seconds flat . 
 and then we were walking back to the plane-our makeshift camp . 
 when we made it to the door , i glanced back over my shoulder , not remembering a single thing about the walk here . 
 oh crap . 
 i was in trouble . 
 6 inside , i went right for my suitcase , pulling out another pair of shorts and t-shirt . 
 instead of panties and a bra , i opted for my bikini to wear beneath my clothes . 
 then i fished out my little kit containing my shampoo and soap . 
 i bundled all the items into my arms and turned . 
 nash was standing in the entrance of the cockpit , watching me . 
 in his hand he gripped a small duffle bag . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` a bag that i usually keep on the plane . 
 it has a spare change of clothes and some toiletries . '' 
 i felt my brow wrinkle . 
 `` did you stay in miami ? '' 
 `` not this trip , but sometimes i make stops or have layovers and it 's nice to have some stuff in case i need it . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you found it . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 we went back toward the beach . 
 bathing in salty ocean water was n't the most ideal situation , but it was better than being coated in dried blood and sweat . 
 i stopped at the shore , looking around for a little bit of privacy . 
 there really was n't much . 
 `` you stay here . 
 i 'll go a little farther down , '' he offered . 
 i laid my stuff on the sand , getting out the soap and shampoo i needed as he walked away . 
 i waited until he was still visible but far enough down and unpacking his own stuff before i started removing my clothes . 
 i stayed in my bra and panties and waded into the water to my knees . 
 i washed as best as i could with the lavender-scented soap while trying not to use too much . 
 even though it was the ocean , it still felt good to be clean . 
 once i felt fresher , i returned the soap to shore and grabbed up my t-shirt , which was stained with blood , and the shampoo . 
 i could n't get the top of my head wet because of the stitches so i just dunked the ends of my hair and the back of my head in the water and then lathered up the bottom portion with suds . 
 while that soaked in , i used my t-shirt as a washcloth and gingerly cleaned my face , trying to get all the dried blood and grime off my skin . 
 once i was finished , i waded in a little farther and took off my panties , using a little of the shampoo to wash them in the water . 
 i could n't help but be distracted by the way the water felt brushing between my legs . 
 it was like that part of me was extra sensitive and every caress of the water made my muscles quiver with desire . 
 i glanced back down the beach toward nash . 
 he was coming up out of the ocean , water raining from his sun-kissed skin . 
 it slid over his body like a lover , and i watched it travel down over his hips ... he was naked . 
 stark ass naked . 
 the water brushed against me again and i groaned , the sensation making me squirm . 
 without thinking , i reached between my thighs , almost like my touch could stop my body from wanting something . 
 my fingers met with moisture . 
 moisture that was not ocean water . 
 this moisture was silkier and a little thicker . 
 i yanked my hand away . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 i could n't possibly be wanting him . 
 not that way . 
 after all , my body did n't work the way other women 's bodies did . 
 i glanced back at him again , catching the side of his bare backside . 
 okay , so i looked longer than just a glance . 
 but then i looked away -lrb- because he bent to pick up some clothes -rrb- and finished washing . 
 when he was almost dressed , i hurried out of the water , using my shirt as sort of a wrap , and dashed to my clothes . 
 i realized i had n't thought things through because my shirt would have made a really good towel-only now it was wet . 
 i pulled on my bathing suit , thankful it would dry quickly , and then i used the jean shorts i 'd been wearing and hastily dried off most of my body . 
 i used my hands to ring out what i could of my hair and then threw the wet shirt and shorts onto the sand . 
 i would rinse those out in a minute . 
 noting that nash was getting closer , i pulled on the black linen shorts with a drawstring waistband and tied them loosely around my hips . 
 i was n't ready to put on my shirt yet because i wanted to let my hair dry a bit first . 
 scooping up my comb , i got to work , tugging the tangles out of my thick blond hair . 
 here in this climate , i was likely a frizz ball waiting to happen . 
 it certainly was n't going to be straight like i usually styled it . 
 nash arrived and i slid a glance at him . 
 he was n't wearing a shirt either . 
 he was well defined and not quite as thin as i was expecting . 
 he was definitely lean , but there was some bulk there too , mostly from muscle . 
 his skin was bronzed and darkly tanned , smooth and hairless ... except for a little trail of dark curly hair that started just below his navel and traveled into the tan cargo shorts that hung loosely on his hips . 
 it made me think of the yellow brick road-follow the yellow brick road-except this was n't yellow . 
 it was dark and led somewhere naughty and delightfully sinful . 
 i shivered . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 nash asked , concern lacing his tone . 
 `` me ? '' 
 i said dumbly . 
 `` well ... since there 's no one else here , '' he said like it was obvious . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 i averted my gaze , embarrassed . 
 i returned to combing my hair , thinking it was a good distraction from his body . 
 `` here , let me , '' he said , his voice suddenly much closer than just seconds ago . 
 and then the heat that radiated off his skin touched me , wrapped around me , drew me closer . 
 he took the comb from my slack fingers and started combing my hair . 
 how much of an onslaught was my body was supposed to take before i literally melted and slid into the sea ? 
 did he not know the effect he had over me ? 
 first he covered me with his body like he was a bodyguard and i was some royal princess , he held me all night after a nightmare , and then he kissed me ... he freaking devoured half my soul with a single kiss ... and now this . 
 now he was sliding his fingertips through my hair and massaging the base of my neck with a powerful hand . 
 `` bella , '' he murmured . 
 he spoke so low and with such an accent i did n't understand what he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , turning my head slightly toward him . 
 he leaned up into my ear and repeated the word again . 
 `` bella . 
 it means i think you 're beautiful . '' 
 he thinks i 'm beautiful . 
 i shivered again . 
 the comb paused . 
 `` i will build a fire . '' 
 `` a fire ? '' 
 `` si , for warmth . '' 
 i let him think i was cold . 
 telling him i was about to jump his bones was beyond my vocabulary at the moment . 
 not to mention the fact i was literally stunned that i actually did want to jump his bones . 
 and all this time i thought my vagina was broken . 
 ` course maybe it still was . 
 just because i felt the stirrings of desire did n't necessarily mean my vagina was ready for a full-on sex romp . 
 sex romp ? 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 i did n't even know what a sex romp was . 
 i bet he does . 
 i jumped at the unexpected thought . 
 `` ava ? '' 
 he murmured , his voice and body still entirely too close . 
 i skittered away like a nervous filly . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , pulling my hair over my shoulder and quickly braiding the length of it . 
 when i got to the end of the braid , i realized i did n't have anything to tie it with . 
 i went to release it and he stopped me . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he tore a strip off of the worn gray t-shirt he 'd been wearing . 
 he came close again , wrapping the scrap around the ends of my hair and tying it tightly into a bow . 
 then he stepped back to admire his craftiness . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , reaching for my t-shirt , feeling way underdressed . 
 i could n't help but notice the way his gaze lingered over my bare skin and on the triangles of my black bikini top . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm going to go look around for wood for the bonfire . '' 
 `` i 'll help . '' 
 i moved our belongings farther up , closer to the plane , and then started looking around for wood . 
 i was n't very successful , but i did manage to find a few things i thought would burn . 
 then i figured i would be more useful creating an area to actually burn the fire so i began to clear out a space in the pristine , white sand . 
 by the time i was finished , the sun was beginning to slip behind the horizon and i was covered in sand . 
 i felt gross all over again . 
 i dared a glance around me , noting that nash was still nowhere in sight . 
 leaving the bonfire site and the meager offerings i found to burn , i went down to the water , discarding my shorts and shirt . 
 the water was cooler now than earlier because the sun was n't as hot , but it was still refreshing and felt great against my overheated skin . 
 a fish swam by my leg and i lunged at it , thinking i would capture it and make it dinner . 
 of course , all i ended up with was a mouthful of salt water . 
 i heard a yell and looked over my shoulder at nash . 
 he had his hands full of wood , and as i watched him , he dumped it onto the sand and jogged forward . 
 i stood , wondering what the alarm was about , and then he stopped and put his hands on his hips . 
 i made my way out of the surf and walked up the sand to where he was standing . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` i thought you had fallen , '' he said , his gaze sweeping over my body . 
 my nipples hardened and i fought the urge to cross my hands over my chest . 
 `` i was trying to catch us a fish . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` with your bare hands ? '' 
 `` at least i tried , '' i snapped . 
 he patted me on the top of the head . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i growled . 
 `` here , '' he said , grinning , pulling his ratty gray t-shirt out of the back pocket of his shorts . 
 `` you can use it to dry off . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , accepting it and toweling off my arms . 
 it smelled just like him . 
 i wondered if my skin would bear his scent after i finished drying . 
 `` you did good clearing a space , '' he said and then got to work on the fire . 
 he had the wood stacked in no time , and then i watched in fascination as he adeptly used two sticks to create a flame , which he then used some of the stuff -lrb- mostly foliage -rrb- as kindling and started what would be a very decent-sized fire . 
 `` where did you learn how to do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my abuelo taught me , '' he replied , staring at the flames . 
 `` my grandfather , '' he corrected . 
 `` he thought it would be good to teach me basic survival since i was going to be flying a plane . '' 
 `` looks like it came in handy . '' 
 once the fire was in full swing , he disappeared toward the plane and i put my clothes back on . 
 he returned with one of the plane chairs and sat it in the sand near the fire . 
 then he went back and got another one , sitting it right beside the first one . 
 it was like having a couch outside on the beach . 
 i snickered . 
 `` beats getting eaten by sand fleas . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 we sat down as the smoke from the bonfire wafted up into the twilight sky and created a heady , thick smell in the air around us . 
 we sat there for a long time , watching what was left of the sunset , while i realized that our second day on this island passed without a single trace of anyone else . 
 not one airplane , not one boat , nothing . 
 it made me wonder what our chances of being found really were . 
 in truth , we did n't even know where we were . 
 we had no idea how close or far civilization could be . 
 suddenly , the theme song for gilligan 's island was playing through my head . 
 `` marianne or ginger ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you ever see reruns of gilligan 's island ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` a couple . '' 
 he turned thoughtful . 
 `` i 'm partial to blondes . '' 
 oh . 
 well . 
 thank goodness it was getting dark because i knew i was blushing . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he asked after a minute . 
 `` you want to know who i prefer ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 he shook his head , the fire casting an orange glow over his features . 
 `` what kind of guys do you prefer ? '' 
 `` i actually have n't dated in a while . '' 
 `` what 's a while ? '' 
 `` a couple years . '' 
 he made a sound of disbelief . 
 `` it 's true , '' i said , shrugging . 
 it really did n't matter if he believed me or not . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' he said , sitting forward and leaning his elbows on his knees . 
 `` a girl like you - '' `` what 's a girl like me ? '' 
 `` tall , blond hair , blue eyes , legs that go on for miles ... '' he said , glancing at me . 
 `` and you know you seem pretty cool too . '' 
 `` or maybe i 'm just an easy target for jerks . '' 
 the words came out before i could stop them . 
 i did n't look at him for a reaction . 
 i just stared into the flickering red and orange flames . 
 `` if someone has n't treated you right , he was well beyond a jerk , '' he said , his voice taking on a steely tone . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 my past was n't something i cared to relive . 
 `` you do n't have a very thick accent for living in puerto rico . '' 
 he went with the change of topic , thank the stars . 
 `` i went to high school and flight school in the states . 
 i lost my accent somewhere along the line . 
 my father lived in the states before he married my mother . '' 
 `` you went to , like , a private school ? '' 
 i asked , curious . 
 `` yeah , my family wanted me to have a good education . '' 
 `` what was it like , being away from home ? '' 
 he gave a small shrug . 
 `` at first it was hard . 
 but they visited often and i spent all the holidays and vacations at home . '' 
 it made me wonder how wealthy his family was to afford all of that . 
 ` course , i did n't say it because that would be rude . 
 `` looking back , '' he continued , drawing my attention . 
 `` it was a good experience . 
 made me who i am today . '' 
 something deep inside me whispered he was better than most . 
 i leaned back in my seat and looked up at the cobalt sky . 
 stars were starting to bloom above and i knew out here , away from city lights and distractions , lying under nothing but the moon and the stars would be incredible . 
 they would spread across the sky like the ocean spread across the atlantic . 
 i could hear the loud sounds of the cicadas taking over the wilderness behind us ; not even the crashing waves could drown out their song . 
 the gentle ocean breeze tugged at my hair , pulling loose strands out of the braid and whipping them against my cheek . 
 if i closed my eyes and did n't look at the downed plane , it would be easy to believe this was just a vacation , a getaway from life . 
 not essentially a prison . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 nash 's voice interrupted my thoughts . 
 `` did you go to college ? '' 
 `` for a year . '' 
 i admitted . 
 `` i hated it . 
 my mother tried to make me keep going , telling me i could n't do anything without a degree . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i told her a degree would n't help me if i could n't decide what i wanted the degree in . 
 it would have been a waste of money for me to keep going and taking classes when i did n't even know if they would help me earn whatever degree i might decide on . '' 
 `` i can see your point . '' 
 `` i felt caged sitting in a classroom all day . 
 i hated it . 
 listening to someone drone on and on about stuff they thought i should know . 
 who really cares what x plus y equals ? 
 no one . 
 who cares what the elements on the periodic table mean ? 
 i feel like there are a lot of different kinds of smart out there and not all of them come from a textbook . '' 
 `` i hear some passion , '' he said , his tone laced with amusement . 
 i snorted . 
 `` that 'd be the first time anyone 's ever said that . '' 
 he glanced at me . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` back home , i 'm the family member who drifts through life . 
 the girl who does n't finish school and who gets let go from her job . 
 i 'm the girl no one wants to date and everyone thinks is broken . '' 
 `` people think you 're broken ? '' 
 he echoed . 
 had i really just said all that ? 
 the fumes from the bonfire must have been going to my head . 
 `` not all of me . 
 just certain parts . '' 
 i clamped my lips shut . 
 yep . 
 the fumes were really getting to me . 
 `` what parts ? '' 
 he asked , his voice turning serious and a little hard . 
 `` forget it , '' i said , waving him away , trying not to die of embarrassment . 
 he caught my arm in a solid grip . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his green eyes glittered with the glow from the fire and his dark curls cast shadows across the side of his face . 
 his jaw looked like rock-hard granite as it jutted out in anger because i refused to answer his question . 
 his fingers tightened around me a little more and i prepared to yank away my arm . 
 but that 's when we heard it . 
 an odd sort of sound . 
 almost like the rhythm of drums . 
 our eyes collided , both of us not daring to speak as we listened and scarcely breathed . 
 he did n't release my wrist and i was suddenly glad because i was scared . 
 it seemed strange to me that my first thought after realizing we may not be alone as we originally thought was n't relief or excitement . 
 it was fear . 
 the kind of slippery fear that brushed against you like too-long grass in an empty field . 
 the kind of fear that haunted you , that never quite went away , and you walked around feeling spooked and uneasy every second of every day . 
 sure , sometimes i let my head overrule my gut and i 'd learned some hard lessons that way . 
 but this time ... this time my gut was screaming so loudly that i could n't have ignored it if i tried . 
 the pounding of the drums continued . 
 it was an intense and driving sound . 
 it made my belly feel funny . 
 and then came another sound . 
 the sound of a loud yell or cry . 
 i jerked and sank down in my seat . 
 nash worked quickly , extinguishing the fire . 
 we sat there for a long time , listening to the call of the drums , staring up at the starlit sky , and wondering just what in the hell was on this island with us . 
 7 i awoke grumpy and with a kink in my neck . 
 memories of last night pushed through my foul mood , and i realized we had far bigger problems . 
 the sounds from last night , the drums ... it could only mean one thing . 
 we were n't alone on this island . 
 given the inhabited and native condition of this island , the idea of not being alone here gave me the willies . 
 who knew what else was living here ? 
 as if freefalling from the sky , crashing on a beach , having nash stitch up my head with a needle , and having no food , water , or means of getting help was n't scary enough , now we had to worry about some weird tribe of pigmies with machetes and weird beads in their dreads coming to make us some weird sacrifice in a pagan ritual . 
 -lrb- what ? 
 i was dehydrated and hungry . 
 you 'd think strange things too . -rrb- 
 god . 
 my life was so turning into one of those bad made-for-tv movies . 
 i was drained . 
 after coming back to the plane last night , we sat huddled inside , listening for more strange sounds , both alert and ready for something bad to happen . 
 i guess at some point , exhaustion won out and we both fell asleep . 
 tossing off the blanket , i stretched out my wicked sore body and then went quickly into the cockpit . 
 i knew it was probably a waste of time , but i had to try again . 
 i retrieved the broken radio from where nash kicked it and sat down , tucking it into my lap . 
 i pressed the buttons . 
 i shook it around beside my ear , listening for-well , i do n't know what i was listening for-and holding the microphone up to my mouth and calling for help . 
 of course , nothing happened . 
 well , actually , something did happen . 
 my panic got worse . 
 i tossed down the radio moved from the front of the plane , going back to where nash was still sleeping . 
 nash was in one of the airline seats , his dark lashes fanned out over the dark circles that smudged beneath his eyes . 
 he could n't have been comfortable . 
 he looked way too big for the chair he was slumped in . 
 he almost looked boyish sleeping like that . 
 his hair was mussed , his body appeared boneless where it rested , and he had this air of innocence that wrapped around him , making my heart squeeze . 
 however , the boyish comparisons ended the second my gaze settled on his lips . 
 they were full and well-defined . 
 the lower lip was curved and almost pouty , giving me an overwhelming urge to peruse them slowly with my own mouth . 
 just looking at them , thinking of how it felt to have those lips scorch my skin , made my body tingle . 
 i forced my stare away from him . 
 this was no time to be having make-out thoughts about nash . 
 we were experiencing an emergency here . 
 we needed a plan . 
 we needed action . 
 we needed coffee . 
 i closed my eyes , wishing the tasty brew would magically appear in front of me . 
 it did n't . 
 the grouchiness i 'd been fighting came back full force . 
 with a sigh , i moved quietly to the place i 'd been marking the wall to help us keep track of the days . 
 we were already on day three . 
 actually , more like day four or five , depending upon how long we both lay here after the crash . 
 the tally read four because i was being optimistic that we had n't lost more than one day . 
 nash was still sleeping when i folded up my blanket and glanced longingly at the protein bars . 
 my stomach rumbled loudly and i silently shushed it . 
 i knew i could n't eat one of those bars right now . 
 it was probably better if we started splitting them in half instead of each eating a whole one . 
 it made me depressed , and it also made me worry . 
 how long could someone of nash 's size go without food ? 
 i could n't imagine how hungry he felt . 
 it had to be far worse than the empty weakness i was feeling . 
 that gave me an idea . 
 this was a semi-tropical climate . 
 there had to be some kind of fruit growing on this island . 
 yes , but fruit might not be the only thing on this island . 
 i reminded myself . 
 going out there alone would be reckless . 
 i might be blond , but i was n't stupid . 
 okay , i tried not to be stupid . 
 sometimes i was n't very successful . 
 i should just wake him up . 
 we could go out in search of food together . 
 i watched his chest rise and fall with his even breathing . 
 i could wait a few more minutes . 
 he looked so exhausted . 
 i glanced out the back of the plane at the growing plants . 
 maybe there was some fruit close by , right outside the plane . 
 maybe i could find some and bring it back here to surprise him . 
 i pictured the way his green eyes would light up when he saw the food . 
 that decided it . 
 i was going . 
 i would stay close , within yelling distance . 
 if i did n't find anything , i would wake him and together we could search farther out . 
 i found my sandals and slipped them on , not wanting to be barefoot in the forest . 
 i moved quietly toward the back of the plane , actually quite impressed with the stealth of my movements . 
 maybe when i got home , i should be a superhero . 
 okay , maybe just a sidekick to a superhero . 
 i was about to leap out into the lush landscape when a strong arm snaked around my waist and pulled me back . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 slurred a voice thick with sleep . 
 `` to the bathroom , '' i lied . 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' he countered . 
 `` i 'm a big girl . 
 i know how to use the bathroom . '' 
 `` maybe i need help , '' he said and shifted . 
 once again , i was met with the thing that lived inside his pants . 
 i gasped . 
 `` does that thing ever go down ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 he threw back his head and laughed . 
 he laughed so hard i felt his belly rumble against my back . 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 it 's my morning wood . '' 
 he said it like he was proud . 
 `` your what ? '' 
 i said , trying to turn around to look at him . 
 he would n't let me go . 
 if anything , he pressed it farther against me . 
 dammit if my body did n't start to respond . 
 i felt the rush of liquid heat between my legs . 
 `` my morning wood , '' he said again . 
 should i know what that means ? 
 i guess when i failed to respond , he realized i had no clue what he was talking about . 
 he spun me around , pinning me with that penetrating green gaze . 
 `` have you ever spent the night with a man before ? '' 
 i acted like i was offended . 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 `` that 'd be a no . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 he released me . 
 `` it happens in sleep , sweetheart , '' he explained . 
 `` all men wake up with a hard on . '' 
 so it was n't just me . 
 well , damn , there went my ego . 
 `` so that is natural ? '' 
 i could n't help but glance down at the massive lump in his shorts . 
 `` in the morning , yes . '' 
 `` but what about the other times ? '' 
 a slow smile spread over his scruffy face . 
 `` those times were all you . '' 
 oh . 
 oh my . 
 i wanted to pat my broken vagina on the back . 
 if it had one , that is . 
 `` well , i 'm going to go do my business now , '' i said , turning away . 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` because i have to pee , '' he offered . 
 `` fine . '' 
 my shoulders slumped and i hopped out of the plane . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i heaved a sigh . 
 `` i wanted to go look for fruit for you before you woke up . '' 
 `` you wanted to find me breakfast ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 it sounded stupid when he said it . 
 he caught me around the waist again and tugged . 
 i tumbled right against his chest . 
 his very bare , shirtless chest . 
 his lips swooped down , but his kiss was n't like the impassioned one we shared yesterday . 
 this one was softer , lighter . 
 it caused a fluttering sensation inside me that made my heart stutter . 
 i could literally feel it bouncing around beneath my ribcage . 
 before he pulled away completely , he bestowed several brief kisses one right after the other , ending with one on the tip of my nose . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 my hands rested over his chest against him warm skin . 
 `` i did n't do anything , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i do n't think going off on your own is a smart idea , especially after what we heard last night . '' 
 `` i was n't going off alone . 
 i was just going to look right here , outside the plane . '' 
 why did saying that out loud make it seem like a dumb idea ? 
 i wondered if i dyed my hair brown would i get smarter ... ? 
 `` why do n't we go look around for fruit together ? '' 
 he suggested , making me forget my home makeover ideas . 
 i did n't answer because my stomach growled loudly , replying for me . 
 `` i actually have to go to the bathroom . 
 do n't go anywhere , '' he said , giving me a hard look . 
 seconds later , he came back and disappeared into the plane to get some shoes and reappeared with all the empty water bottles , including the empty can of coke . 
 `` maybe we can find a freshwater source , '' he said , motioning to the bottles . 
 `` if not , we 're going to have to start boiling some sea water . '' 
 i took a second to grab my messenger bag and slide it over my shoulders , slipping the bottles inside . 
 i really hoped we found some food . 
 i was so hungry i felt lightheaded . 
 `` stay close to me , '' nash murmured as we traveled deeper into the florae . 
 i gave him a sidelong glance , wondering if he was ever going to put a shirt back on . 
 ` course if he did , i would totally miss the view . 
 the way his shorts hung low on his hips displayed his long , solid torso , and i think i might have started to drool a little . 
 i looked away . 
 i was acting ridiculous . 
 it was totally lack of food . 
 `` what do you think that was last night ? '' 
 i whispered , feeling like there were a million eyes staring at us as we moved . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 it sounded a little like people and music . '' 
 i nodded . 
 that 's what i thought too . 
 `` but this place looks completely untouched . '' 
 `` this side of the island . 
 maybe it 's bigger than we realize and maybe on the other side there are people . '' 
 `` who would live way out here where there 's nothing ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 `` exactly , '' he said , his voice low like he had n't wanted me to hear . 
 but i did . 
 and it brought back that fear i felt last night . 
 a little while later , nash stopped and tilted his head . 
 `` hey , you hear that ? '' 
 i listened , not making out much over the loud chatter of the wildlife . 
 `` it sounds like water . '' 
 i perked up and listened harder . 
 it was very faint , but once he pointed it out , the sound was undeniable . 
 `` this way . '' 
 he walked for what felt like hours -lrb- probably only minutes -rrb- and with each step , the sound of falling water drew closer and closer . 
 nash pushed through very large plants with huge leaves and a few palm-looking trees and stopped . 
 i ran right into his back because i was n't paying any attention . 
 i was too busy staring a beautiful pink flower close by . 
 he let out a whoop of joy and stepped to the side so i could see too . 
 there just ahead lay a small lagoon-type pond and pouring into it was a short but wide waterfall . 
 both of us rushed forward toward the water , but something caught my eye and i turned . 
 oval-shaped green fruit grew from a plant very close by . 
 i changed course and rushed over , plucking one of the fruits and palming it . 
 it was about the size of my hand and boasted a fresh green skin . 
 it was an avocado . 
 i 'd never seen any of these plants in person before . 
 this was something we could live on . 
 it was full of healthy fats and fiber , something that would definitely help keep nash from starving . 
 `` ava ? '' 
 nash called . 
 i looked over my shoulder with a smile , only to realize i 'd gotten farther away from him than i thought . 
 i had n't even paid attention i was so intent on getting to the food . 
 `` ava , '' he called again , more urgency to his voice . 
 he was n't in sight anymore , but i heard the water splash . 
 `` over here , '' i shouted , not wanting him to worry . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` i found food ! '' 
 i exclaimed , turning to rush back the way i came . 
 my foot caught on a huge root growing up out of the earth and i tripped , the fruit in my arms tumbling to the ground , and i cried out as i fell . 
 someone caught the back of my shirt , literally grasping the fabric and halting my plunge forward . 
 before i could make sense of what was happening , an arm looped around my middle and the hand released my shirt . 
 as i was pulled upright , i turned , wondering how in the world nash found me so fast . 
 it was n't nash . 
 it was another man . 
 the arm at my waist tightened when i looked into his dark eyes . 
 i screamed . 
 8 i heard my name being yelled and the thrashing of foliage behind me , but i did n't look . 
 i was transfixed by this new pair of dark-brown eyes . 
 `` whoa , '' he said , his voice sounding so foreign to my ears . 
 after days of hearing no one speak but nash , this was a little startling . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his sweeping gaze reminded me of the coffee i so desperately missed . 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but i never got the chance . 
 i was ripped away from the rich stare . 
 nash pushed me behind him and then drew his fist back like he was going to plant it in this guy 's face . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i said , grabbing him just below the elbow to restrain him . 
 his muscles strained beneath my palm and i thought he might follow through with the hit , but he held back . 
 `` he did n't hurt me . 
 i tripped and he was helping me up . '' 
 my words sank in as nash dropped his hand and flexed his fist at his side . 
 then he nodded curtly . 
 the man had n't said anything at all . 
 he just watched us both like he was utterly fascinated . 
 like he had n't seen a person in a very long time . 
 maybe he had n't . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked , curious , stepping out around nash , who brought out his arm to keep me from getting any closer . 
 `` my name 's duke , '' the man replied , gazing at me intently . 
 he had a very even , unwavering stare when he looked at me . 
 it was like i was the only thing in this world . 
 he was also very tan , like nash , but his hair was straight and a lighter shade of brown , like a deep caramel color . 
 it was long , brushing the back of his shirt , the ends flipping up and the rest tucked behind his ears . 
 he had a straight , prominent nose and full lips . 
 but the most captivating feature on his face was his eyes , deep and mysterious . 
 i had a feeling i could stare into those eyes for hours and still not be any closer to figuring out what went on behind them . 
 he was tall , but not nearly as tall as nash . 
 he was probably a few inches taller than me . 
 he was n't a huge guy , but he was n't real small either . 
 he was thin and it made me wonder if it was because he was being held captive by this place like us-except he 'd been here longer . 
 he definitely appeared more at ease here , and his clothes showed signs of wear . 
 he was wearing a white t-shirt that was no longer quite white . 
 it hung loose over a pair of jeans that were frayed around the ankles , and his feet were bare . 
 his right cheek boasted a smear of dirt and i had the urge to brush it away . 
 and then i noticed the scar . 
 i was surprised i had n't noticed it sooner , being just above his left eye , cutting through the center of his eyebrow . 
 but i supposed the fact i had n't noticed was just proof as to how striking and interesting the rest of him was . 
 `` are you alone here , duke ? '' 
 nash asked , a hint of suspicion in his tone . 
 duke nodded , not looking away from me . 
 `` i was out fishing and got lost at sea . 
 ended up here . 
 if anyone came looking for me , they never found me . '' 
 dread settled at the bottom of my stomach , weighing me down . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 i asked , hollow . 
 `` i 've lost track of time . 
 months . '' 
 oh my god . 
 months ? 
 he 'd been stranded here all alone for months ? 
 nash 's hand found mine and he threaded our fingers together and gave mine a little squeeze as if to say , that 's not going to be us . 
 but how could he know ? 
 if this island managed to keep one person here , then why not two more ? 
 duke finally turned his stare to nash . 
 `` you 're new here . '' 
 nash nodded . 
 `` our plane went down . '' 
 he pointed in the direction of the beach . 
 `` over on that side of the island . 
 we 've been here about four days . '' 
 `` will people be looking for you ? '' 
 duke asked . 
 `` yes , '' nash answered . 
 there was n't a hint of doubt in his voice . 
 duke bent down and picked up one of the avocados that i dropped and extended it to me . 
 `` you dropped this . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i took it and put it on display for nash . 
 `` look , avocado . '' 
 he pulled his hand out of mine and placed it on my lower back possessively . 
 `` good job , bella . '' 
 the last word he drawled in spanish . 
 i liked it , but i wondered if he only called me that to send a message to duke . 
 why was he behaving that way ? 
 `` you 're hungry ? '' 
 duke said , looking at me . 
 `` yeah , we 've been looking for food . '' 
 `` i know where coconuts and mangos grow . '' 
 a little moan of desire escaped my lips . 
 `` will you show us ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 the fruit is farther that way on the island . '' 
 he pointed off in the direction away from the plane . 
 `` let 's gather as many of these as we can , '' i suggested . 
 `` and take them back to the plane . 
 then we can go gather some fruit . '' 
 nash seemed a little hesitant at first , but then he relented . 
 the lure of fresh fruit was too strong to deny . 
 `` is the water here drinkable ? '' 
 nash asked , gesturing back toward the little lagoon and waterfall . 
 `` yes , '' duke said , nodding his head . 
 a lock of hair slipped free of his ear and brushed against his stubbled cheek . 
 the light scruff coating his jaw caught my attention . 
 `` i 'm surprised you do n't have a full beard from being here so long , '' i said . 
 `` eh , i 've always been lousy at growing a beard . '' 
 he grinned and scratched at his chin . 
 i found myself smiling back at him . 
 `` we can fill up our bottles too , '' nash said , his voice sounding slightly annoyed . 
 stirred back to the task at hand , i started gathering the fruit , piling my bag full . 
 there was one piece that looked particularly enticing and it was just out of reach . 
 i stood on my tiptoes , extending my arm , but i just could n't seem to stretch far enough . 
 `` here , '' duke said , coming up behind me . 
 his voice was deep and it brushed against the back of my head . 
 he stepped close , his chest brushing my back , and reached up , plucking the food from the tree . 
 as he pulled down his arm , he brushed against the bare skin of my arm . 
 little tingles of awareness shot along my skin . 
 i stepped back a little , looking between him and his offering . 
 `` do n't you want to keep any for yourself ? '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` i already have some saved up . 
 you take it . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i tucked it beneath my arm . 
 `` where do you ... umm ... live ? 
 did you build a shelter ? '' 
 `` i did , but a storm came through last month and it was lost . 
 i pretty much stay wherever now . '' 
 i could n't imagine being here through a tropical storm . 
 that had to have been so scary . 
 and to be alone . 
 at least nash and i had each other . 
 i glanced at him and noted that he was no longer gathering fruit . 
 he was watching duke and me . 
 `` we could help you build a new one , '' i offered . 
 `` since you 're showing us where to find the mangos and coconuts . '' 
 `` you would do that ? '' 
 duke asked , his eyes sweeping over me . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` ava , '' nash called . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to get some water . '' 
 the three of us made our way back to the lagoon , where i pulled out the empty water bottles and cans . 
 the water was cool against my fingers and i plunged them down deep , enjoying the icy freshness of water without salt . 
 my mouth almost ached for a taste , as we 'd been rationing our water and soda intake since we arrived . 
 i cupped my hands and filled my palms with the liquid and brought them up near my face . 
 `` wait , '' nash spoke softly , crouching down beside me . 
 his hand stilled my own . 
 then he pulled away , reached into the water and got his own drink , sipping it into his mouth and swirling it around his tongue . 
 i had a sudden desire to be that water . 
 then he swallowed . 
 he took another drink . 
 i started to lift my hands again , almost desperate for a drink , and he stopped me again . 
 i made a sound of frustration . 
 `` i 'm thirsty . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said softly , bringing up his dampened thumb and sweeping it across my lip . 
 automatically , my tongue came out , licking off the moisture and pulling the pad of his thumb into my mouth . 
 `` i told you it 's safe to drink , '' muttered a voice from the other side of me . 
 startled , i pulled away , releasing nash 's thumb . 
 `` i wanted to make sure , '' nash said , his voice holding a hint of annoyance . 
 `` you were testing the water out on yourself ! '' 
 i exclaimed , pinning him with an gaping stare . 
 `` i doubt it would do much good , '' he said . 
 `` if it 's going to make me sick , it wo n't be for a while . '' 
 `` i 'm so thirsty , '' i whined , not caring i sounded like a child . 
 duke made a sound , drawing my attention . 
 he cupped his hand in the water and took a great gulp . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 've been drinking this since i got here . 
 it 's never made me sick . '' 
 then he reached out and guided my hands back into the water . 
 it lapped over our skin , swirling around us . 
 i looked up at him . 
 his face was so close to mine . 
 he smiled . 
 nash cleared his throat . 
 i pulled up my hands , duke keeping his palm cupped beneath mine , and i drank . 
 the fresh , icy water slid down my parched throat and i sighed . 
 it was heavenly . 
 i drank more , feeling like i could n't get enough . 
 then i splashed it over my face and neck , feeling more refreshed than i had when i cleaned off in the ocean the day before . 
 once the bottles were filled , the three of us set off toward the plane , nash and i eating an avocado in record time . 
 nash was fairly quiet , only interrupting duke 's and my chattering to ask questions about the island . 
 turns out duke had no idea where we were either . 
 he was n't sure how far the closest civilized location could be . 
 i opened my mouth to ask him if he heard the same sounds we had the night before , or if he knew if we were the only ones here , but nash caught my eye and gave me slight shake of his head . 
 for some reason he did n't want me to say anything . 
 so i did n't . 
 duke was fascinated with the plane and once he realized nash was a pilot , he peppered him with a million questions . 
 nash did n't seem to mind . 
 i could tell how passionate about flying he was . 
 how much he loved it . 
 i puttered around , placing the fruit inside with the water and glancing at the remaining protein bars longingly . 
 when that was done , i came outside where nash and duke stood talking quietly . 
 nash looked up , noticing me first , palming one of the bottles of water . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i nodded , my stomach grumbling with the promise of fresh fruit . 
 `` so , duke , '' i began as we followed him to the food , `` where are you from ? '' 
 `` i 've lived in puerto rico and many of the islands in the area . '' 
 `` what did you do for a living before ... ? '' 
 my voice trailed away . 
 `` before i was lost at sea ? '' 
 he finished , sounding less upset about it than i might have . 
 i wondered if we never were found if i would come to accept it . 
 my gut said no . 
 i did n't want this to be all there was . 
 i did n't want my family to think i had died a horrible death . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , realizing it might be easier not to ask him questions . 
 `` i gave guided boat tours . 
 mostly to tourists . '' 
 `` you must be really familiar with the area , then , '' nash observed . 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` that 's the thing . 
 the ocean covers all its tracks . 
 it drowns all its landmarks . 
 the sea is ever changing , always moving . 
 it 's a lot harder than one might think to learn the ` lay of the land ' here because there is n't much land . '' 
 but then he looked at me and winked . 
 `` but i 've been on this island long enough to know where the good eats are . '' 
 i smiled . 
 we walked forever it seemed . 
 although , maybe it was n't as long as it felt because i was impatient . 
 i wanted to eat . 
 finally , duke pointed just ahead to a bunch of greenery -lrb- that looked a lot like everything else we 'd already passed -rrb- and announced the sustenance was up ahead . 
 the trees around use were heavy with ripe mangos . 
 the yellowish-green-colored skin was a beacon to my belly . 
 the only time i 'd ever eaten a mango was after i 'd sliced it up and peeled off the skin . 
 those luxuries did n't apply here . 
 i was starving and all i cared about was getting something in my very empty belly . 
 i plucked one off a tree and rubbed it on my shirt , about to bite in , but i stopped . 
 i turned , seeking out nash and spotting him just yards away . 
 as i moved closer , he must have sensed my presence because he turned toward me . 
 i held out the fruit , offering it to him . 
 his lips pulled up in a half smile as he leaned forward and took a bite out of the juicy flesh , still leaving it in my hand . 
 nectar slid down his lips , but he caught it with his tongue , dragging the sweetness back into his mouth . 
 i watched , transfixed , forgetting i was hungry for food as a different desire swept over me . 
 his body stiffened as he chewed and a choking sound ripped from his throat . 
 he wrapped his hands around his neck as his eyes bulged . 
 `` nash ? '' 
 he made a gurgling sound . 
 i looked at the mango in my hand ... wondering if maybe it was n't a mango at all . 
 maybe it was poisoned . 
 9 alarm slammed into me and i threw down the fruit and reached out for him . 
 `` nash ! '' 
 i cried , so afraid he was going to die and there would be nothing i could do to save him . 
 seeing my genuine fear , he dropped his hands and caught me by the shoulders . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` are you poisoned ? '' 
 i demanded , adrenaline still pumping through my limbs . 
 `` i was only kidding . '' 
 `` here , drink some water ! 
 rinse out your mouth , '' i said , yanking the water from his pocket and thrusting it at him . 
 `` ava ! '' 
 he said sternly , taking hold of my wrists . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it was a joke . '' 
 his words finally penetrated my anxiety and i stared at him , astonished . 
 then anger took hold and i smacked at his chest . 
 `` that was mean ! '' 
 i squealed . 
 `` my god , you scared me half to death . '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i really did n't mean to scare you . 
 i was teasing . '' 
 duke pushed his way between us , inserting his body in front of mine , and gave nash a shove . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` did you see how scared she was ? '' 
 i felt tears prick the back of my eyes and i pushed them away . 
 any other time i would have laughed . 
 it would have been funny . 
 but not here . 
 not now . 
 `` you 're a douche , '' duke said , crossing his arms across his chest . 
 i stepped out around him and looked at nash , whose jaw was working overtime , his back teeth grinding furiously . 
 he caught me looking and pulled me against him roughly , wrapping me in his arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he murmured , rubbing my back . 
 `` i was n't thinking . '' 
 i made a sound against his chest . 
 what would i do here without him ? 
 what would i do if he was seriously hurt or worse ? 
 i felt my body shake and i tried to control it . 
 i tried not to worry . 
 nash reached between us , titling up my chin with his hands . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , '' he promised softly . 
 `` i 'm an ass . 
 forgive me . '' 
 then he pressed an ultra-light , ultra-brief kiss to my lips . 
 just that brief contact made me feel better . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i did n't mean to freak out . '' 
 behind me , duke snorted . 
 nash 's eyes flicked over my shoulder but then back to me as he yanked another mango free and wiped it on his shoulder , pressing it against my lips . 
 `` eat . '' 
 i forgot all about his joke and tore into the succulent fruit . 
 i ate it in what seemed like seconds flat . 
 then he handed me another . 
 `` you too , '' i told him , watching as he grabbed a couple and started chowing down . 
 i wandered through the fruit trees , eating and filling up my messenger bag until it was swollen and packed with the fruit . 
 i caught sight of duke at the edge of my vision and he motioned for me to join him . 
 when i stopped at his side , he pointed to a few palm trees reaching up into the sunlight . 
 `` there 's your coconuts , '' he said . 
 i made a sound of disappointment . 
 `` they 're so high up . '' 
 `` i 'll get you one . '' 
 `` you can get those ? '' 
 i asked , doubt lacing my tone . 
 `` what will you give me if i do ? '' 
 he asked , a hint of playfulness catching my attention . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i wo n't turn into a cannibal and eat you , '' i promised with mock seriousness . 
 he threw back his head and laughed . 
 `` so are you any good at climbing palm trees ? '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and studied him . 
 duke leaned close and whispered . 
 `` i 've got lots of hidden talents . '' 
 the shot of heat in my belly shocked me . 
 i felt my eyes widen . 
 he chuckled and handed me a few mangos he was holding . 
 then he shimmied up the trunk of the palm tree . 
 i stood there and watched in awe . 
 he was like a living monkey . 
 i could tell he was very adept at this and he moved quickly , so quickly that i was amazed by his agility . 
 `` look out below ! '' 
 he called when he reached the top . 
 i shrieked and ran for cover as coconuts rained from the tree . 
 within minutes , he was back down on the ground and i rushed to gather everything that rolled beneath the foliage . 
 i made a little pile beneath the tree and then went after the last one that was deep beneath a broad leaf . 
 when i pulled back , he was right there , practically on top of me . 
 i jerked back . 
 `` geesh . 
 you 're quick . '' 
 `` practice , '' he said , shrugging his shoulders . 
 `` thank you for this . '' 
 `` and now for the payment , '' he murmured , his gaze dropping to my lips . 
 the bottom of my stomach fell out . 
 did he want me to kiss him ? 
 `` uhhh , '' i said , unsure what to do . 
 my eyes automatically looked for nash . 
 `` right here , '' duke said , tapping a finger to his cheek . 
 i grinned in relief . 
 holding the coconut between us , i leaned up and pressed a kiss to his cheek . 
 i pulled back , but not all the way , our eyes connecting . 
 something shifted between us . 
 i could feel his desire , his want for me . 
 it was heady and intoxicating . 
 `` ava , '' nash called , appearing out of nowhere . 
 i jerked and stepped back , rushing to show him the coconuts . 
 i could n't help but notice the narrowed-eyed stare he gave duke when he thought i was n't looking . 
 `` look ! '' 
 i exclaimed , motioning to the pile of fuzzy coconuts . 
 `` now we just have to crack them open , '' nash said ruefully . 
 `` i can help with that , '' duke cut in . 
 i spun . 
 `` you can ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` come on . '' 
 we each gathered up a couple coconuts and then set off on foot again , following behind duke . 
 i could feel nash 's curious stare on me from time to time , but i did n't acknowledge it . 
 i was n't sure i wanted to know what he was trying to figure out . 
 we came to a little area that seemed to have more dense foliage than the other places around us . 
 duke ducked inside a little area of palm fronds that had grown together closely , making a sort of shelter . 
 seconds later , he appeared carrying a machete . 
 `` here , you can use this . '' 
 he extended it to me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 i took the handle , surprised at the weight . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 nash asked . 
 `` found it . '' 
 `` but if we take this , what will you use ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i can use that one . 
 it will give me an excuse to come visit you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` we should probably start back . '' 
 nash cut in quickly . 
 `` i 'll show you the way , '' duke offered and started out ahead of us , leading us back the way we came . 
 on the way through the mango trees , i grabbed a couple more and feasted . 
 by the time we arrived back at the plane , the sky was darkening and the cicadas were starting their evening song . 
 `` where did the day go ? '' 
 i asked , placing all the food beside the plane . 
 `` you 're on island time now . '' 
 duke reminded me with a grin . 
 i picked up a coconut , studying it and wondering how hard it was going to be to break into . 
 `` here , '' duke said , taking it from me and retrieving the machete from where nash had leaned it before going off to the men 's room -lrb- aka : over behind a tree -rrb- . 
 i was n't surprised when he used the tool expertly . 
 i was beginning to realize that duke was a wealth of skill and information . 
 he could very well help us survive out here . 
 a minute later , he handed me the coconut . 
 the top had a few layers peeled away and a gash in the tip . 
 `` drink the liquid first . 
 then i 'll split it open and you can eat the flesh inside . '' 
 `` would you like one too ? '' 
 i gestured toward the mini mountain . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you keep them . 
 i ate a couple earlier . '' 
 the slightly sweet , creamy liquid of the coconut hit my tongue in a burst of flavor . 
 i groaned in appreciation and tilted it back farther , taking more into my mouth . 
 duke chuckled . 
 `` that 's good , huh ? '' 
 `` you have no idea , '' i murmured and then went back for more . 
 he watched me like i was an entertaining show on tv , and i found that his gaze did n't make me uncomfortable . 
 i did n't feel self-conscious around him like i sometimes did with people i just met . 
 i already felt like he and i were bonded . 
 and maybe we already were . 
 after all , we all had one very big thing in common . 
 we were survivors . 
 when all the liquid was drained away , he took the coconut from me and split it in half , revealing layers of pure-white fruit . 
 nash came to my side and i offered him a bite of the fruit i was already gobbling up . 
 he scooped a little onto his fingers , but he did n't eat it . 
 instead , he offered it to me . 
 i opened my mouth and he placed his fingers inside as my lips clamped down . 
 slowly , he slid them out . 
 then he looked at duke pointedly . 
 was that some kind of message ? 
 was he ... was he jealous ? 
 i sighed and walked away . 
 i was n't interested in being the prize in any kind of macho game . 
 part of me was tempted to yell back that whoever `` won '' me would end up with a faulty prize , but i thought better of it and kept my mouth shut . 
 i carried my snack down to the beach where i kicked off my shoes and sat down in the sand . 
 one nice thing about being stranded on an island : the sunsets were awesome . 
 a few moments later , duke and nash joined me , one sitting on each side of me . 
 the three of us sat there quietly , watching the sun turn the waves a burnished gold . 
 when darkness became heavier , duke looked at the little place we had a bonfire the night before . 
 `` want me to help you get a fire started ? '' 
 nash paused . 
 `` i 'm not sure it 's safe . '' 
 duke considered his words for a moment . 
 `` it 's safe . 
 just do n't make it too big . '' 
 i glanced at him , thinking surely he must know what we were talking about . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 nash said . 
 duke glanced at me , then back at nash . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm sure . 
 it gets chilly here when the sun goes down . '' 
 the two guys worked side by side and soon had a small fire crackling . 
 nash called to me and i got up , wandering closer to the flickering flames , drawn to their warmth and comfort . 
 `` well , i should be going , '' duke began , turning to me . 
 `` you going to be okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you do n't want to stay ? '' 
 i felt nash 's stare , but i refused to acknowledge him . 
 if duke wanted to stay here , then he was welcome . 
 i was n't sure what nash 's problem was , but he could get over it . 
 we needed to stick together . 
 maybe the three of us could figure out a way off this island and back home . 
 duke gave me a half smile that melted my heart a little . 
 there was a flash of longing in his eyes and i thought he might agree . 
 but then he shook his head . 
 i frowned , automatically reaching out and taking his hand . 
 `` you 're welcome to stay here with us . 
 the plane is good shelter . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he said , giving my fingers a light squeeze . 
 `` but i 'm used to where i sleep . 
 i 'll think about it though , okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he released my hand and stepped back , glanced at nash , and nodded a good-bye . 
 `` wait , '' i called when he would have walked away . 
 he glanced over his shoulder , his dark molten eyes sweeping my face . 
 `` i 'll be back tomorrow . '' 
 i nodded and he departed . 
 just as the darkness was about to conceal him completely , he turned back . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't go on the other side of the island . '' 
 chills raced up my back and they were n't the good kind . 
 then he stepped through the cover of night and completely disappeared . 
 i let out a shaky breath and looked at nash . 
 he was staring after him with an unreadable expression on his face . 
 `` all right , '' i began . 
 `` what gives ? '' 
 his eyebrows rose halfway up his forehead and disappeared beneath the dark curls . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` do n't give me that innocent act , '' i intoned . 
 `` you know exactly what i mean . 
 duke was nothing but nice to us . 
 he helped us find food and he gave us that machete . '' 
 `` i do n't like him , '' he said simply , sitting down in one of the chairs by the fire . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` besides the fact that he just alluded to the fact he knows there 's something bad on the other side of the island and did n't tell us ? '' 
 he said , making chills race up my spine once more . 
 `` yeah , '' i said dryly . 
 `` besides that . '' 
 because that just happened . 
 nash had been acting like duke was trying to kill us since we first laid eyes on him . 
 `` he wants you . '' 
 i made a startled sound . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he stared at me intently . 
 `` you ca n't honestly tell me you did n't see the way he looked at you . '' 
 `` he 's just lonely , '' i said . 
 `` he 's been here all alone . '' 
 he made a rude sound . 
 i tossed my arm out to smack him . 
 he caught it , folding it across his chest and holding it there . 
 `` he wants you , ava , '' he rumbled . 
 `` but he ca n't have you . '' 
 `` he ca n't ? '' 
 i asked , my voice shaky . 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` no . 
 he ca n't . 
 you 're already taken . '' 
 10 my tongue jetted out , wetting my lips . 
 `` you think i 'm taken ? '' 
 never mind the fact my words sounded breathless and i could barely hear myself speak over the pounding of my own heart . 
 `` i know you are . 
 you just have n't realized it yet . '' 
 `` you 're not going to want me when we get home and there are a lot of other options , '' i said , surprising myself with the comeback . 
 usually , i did n't just blurt out those things . 
 even so , it was true . 
 maybe if i had been more assertive with my thoughts in the past , i would n't have gotten so hurt . 
 the only reason i looked so good right now was because i was the only girl within a hundred-mile radius . 
 he turned his head away from the fire and pinned me with his jade stare . 
 `` you said certain parts of you are broken . '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i just held his gaze . 
 `` what parts are you talking about , ava ? '' 
 i reached up and played with the ends of the thick braid falling over my shoulder , twisting the strands around my finger . 
 i was n't really sure i wanted to have this conversation . 
 it was n't something i cared to talk about-to even think about . 
 of course maybe if i told him , he would decide he did n't want me after all and it would save me from the pain later . 
 because nash had the power to hurt me . 
 he was the kind of guy that would steal away my heart when i was n't looking . 
 he was the kind of guy who would love me so well that when he left , no one would ever be able to take his place and so i would walk around the rest of my life with a huge chunk of myself missing because it would always belong to him . 
 i turned in the crappy aircraft seat that was now a makeshift beach chair . 
 i drew my knees into my chest and rested the side of my head against the seat , looking at him through the orange glow of the bonfire . 
 `` i dated a guy once , '' i began , speaking only loud enough so he could hear . 
 he did n't look at me but stared straight ahead out over the waves as the breeze ruffled through those dark , touchable curls . 
 `` he was sweet , funny , the kind of guy that my mother approved of . 
 everyone liked him . 
 i liked him . 
 after a couple months of dating , he wanted to take our relationship to the next step . 
 i said no . 
 so we kept dating . 
 he sent me flowers , took me on dates ... sometimes his touches would linger a little too long or his hands would be a little too rough . 
 he told me i was just being a prude , that every other girl liked it . 
 every other part of our relationship was great . 
 i just could n't seem to get into ... '' my voice faded away . 
 i was n't sure how to explain it . 
 `` he did n't turn you on , '' nash said , putting it simply . 
 it seemed much simpler when he said it than how it felt when i was living through it . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he said , still not looking at me . 
 i could n't help but notice the way the muscles in his shoulders bunched , the way the side of his jaw ticked every so often . 
 he probably already figured out which parts of me did n't work . 
 `` long story short , i gave in . 
 i slept with him . 
 it was awful . 
 he broke up with me the next day and told everyone i was cold . '' 
 he turned his head and looked at me . 
 his expression was unreadable . 
 `` i have n't dated anyone since . '' 
 `` how does that make you broken ? '' 
 i paused . 
 `` clearly there are parts of me that do n't work the way ... the way men want them to . 
 not to mention the skewed view i now have about dating . '' 
 he stood . 
 he was going to walk away . 
 this conversation was over . 
 but he touched me . 
 he started at my shoulder and trailed his finger down my arm and then cupped my elbow , gently tugging me out of the chair and onto my feet . 
 we stood at the edge of the crackling bonfire , facing each other . 
 everything in our little circle was bathed in a yellow and orange glow , the shadows reaching into the complete darkness beyond-like nothing else existed at all . 
 slowly he tugged the tie around my braid , tucking the scrap of fabric in the pocket of his shorts . 
 using just one hand , he unbound the weave , then pulled his fingers through the waves , spreading it out around me so it cascaded over my shoulders and covered up my chest . 
 `` did you feel that ? '' 
 he murmured , releasing my hair and trailing his hands down my arms until he came to the hem of my t-shirt . 
 oh , i felt it . 
 i felt it deep into my bones . 
 all he had to do was look at me and i felt everything times ten . 
 his eyes looked deep into mine as he lifted my shirt , the cooling night air brushing over my waist . 
 `` up , '' was his soft command . 
 i lifted my arms and he slid the cotton over my head , making sure it did n't come into contact with my stitches . 
 he tossed it away , out of the golden bubble we were in , the blackness swallowing it as if it ceased to exist . 
 he stepped forward , eliminating the distance between us . 
 the only thing separating our chests from contact was the fabric of my bikini top . 
 he took my hand and lifted it , placing it right over his heart , flattening my palm and holding it there . 
 he leaned closer so his lips brushed against the hair covering my ear . 
 `` can you feel my heart pounding ? '' 
 i swallowed and nodded . 
 it was pounding ... so hard that its rhythm matched mine . 
 still pressing my hand against the smoothness of his skin , he dragged our hands lower , down his pec , across his defined abs , and then hooked them around his waist . 
 when he pulled his hand away , mine stayed , flexing over his flesh , my fingers refusing to let go . 
 he flirted with the waistband of my shorts , tugging at it , then smoothing it back into place . 
 lightly he dragged his fingers up , climbing like a spider over my ribs until his hands rested just below my breasts . 
 instead of traveling upward , he went around , fingers fiddling with the strings that held my top in place . 
 his forehead leaned against mine . 
 i could hear his breathing , slightly uneven , as the heat from the fire enveloped us . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you now , '' he whispered . 
 `` and i 'm going to put my hands all over your body . 
 you 're going to feel every single thing i do to you and then you 're going to beg me not to stop . '' 
 he swallowed my reply , kissing me so profoundly it was as if he completely understood the inner workings of my body . 
 the kiss was n't deep , but it reached so far inside me that i no longer knew where i ended and he began . 
 he cupped my face , angling it up so he could sweep his tongue along mine until they tangled together so intimately i groaned . 
 as we kissed , he pulled the string behind my back , untying my top . 
 when it did n't fall away , his hands delved into my hair and found the other bow , tugging , and the top fell between us , landing in the sand . 
 my breasts brushed against his chest and i gasped at the skin-on-skin contact . 
 my nipples hardened instantly and became more sensitive than i ever thought possible . 
 but their sensitivity did n't make me pull away ; it made me arch into him farther . 
 he growled low in his throat . 
 the sound vibrated from his mouth and into mine , echoing deep inside me . 
 his hands cupped my butt , kneading its softness and tilting my hips forward so i could feel his rock-hard erection pressing against me urgently . 
 i purred . 
 like a contented cat . 
 i gripped his waist , trying to pull him closer . 
 he just was n't close enough . 
 he ripped his mouth free of mine and lifted me ; my legs wound around his waist . 
 instead of letting me fall against him , he held me out and suckled my breast into his mouth . 
 i jerked against him . 
 the sensation of his hot , wet mouth upon me sent a rush of fiery tingles throughout my body . 
 it was like his mouth was in one place , but i felt him everywhere . 
 the ocean breeze carried away my moan as my head fell back and the ends of my hair brushed against my waist . 
 when he lifted his head , i grabbed at him , delving my fingers deep into his mane of hair , finally touching the curls that had called to me since i laid eyes on them . 
 they were softer than i imagined and they curled around my fingers , claiming them , as if everything i had was n't already his . 
 his mouth moved to my other breast and he licked beneath it , a long drawn out drag of his tongue on the underside . 
 his mouth traveled upward , nipping lightly at the creamy flesh before closing over my nipple and causing jolts of pleasure so intense that it felt like i was being electrocuted . 
 no one had ever put his mouth on me before like this . 
 he languished attention on my chest until i was making small mewling noises and both our bodies were shaking . 
 totally weak and turned on , i collapsed against his chest , managing to keep one hand tangled in his hair . 
 `` i 'm not done with you yet , '' he murmured and sank to his knees right there beside the fire . 
 gently , he laid me on my back , my blond locks fanning out around my head and across the sand . 
 `` you still with me ? '' 
 he murmured , his body hovering over mine . 
 i opened my eyes and gazed up at him . 
 he was utterly gorgeous . 
 he was everything i ever wanted and never thought i would have . 
 not because i was n't good enough for someone like him , but because i did n't think feelings like this actually existed . 
 `` yes , '' i said , reaching up and running my hands across his chest . 
 `` i 'm with you . '' 
 his mouth claimed mine once more , searing my soul and trailing down into the hollow of my neck , leaving a scorching path behind him . 
 my skin would never be the same after this . 
 it would forever echo with the memory of how he made me hum . 
 desire curled through me , rising up like steam on a humid rainy day and filling me up until i craved something more , but i had no idea what more there could possibly be . 
 he started to whisper words i did n't understand , words that sounded like a song rolling off his tongue , carrying across my skin , and sinking in ... right into my heart . 
 in between all his whispered words of romance , he pressed kisses like he was following a map to a destination that only he knew . 
 when he reached the inside of my thigh , i tensed , not sure what he planned on doing . 
 he rocked back on his knees , kneeling over me like a god conquering a new possession . 
 and dear lord , i wanted to be possessed by him . 
 he watched me closely as he slid the black linen shorts down my legs , yanking them free of my body . 
 he skimmed his hands up my thighs . 
 `` you are unbelievably soft , '' he whispered . 
 i shivered . 
 `` tell me what you feel , '' he said , sneaking his hands beneath the ties at the sides of my hips . 
 i moaned . 
 he expected me to speak ? 
 `` ava , tell me , '' he commanded , pulling away his touch completely . 
 `` i feel like my skin is on fire and you 're the only thing that can cool me down . '' 
 he smiled . 
 his gaze was heavy as he came over me , supporting his weight on his hands on either side of my body . 
 `` did he touch you like this , bella ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes were heavy with desire . 
 `` did you want him so badly you could barely think ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i asked , not wanting to talk . 
 talking was clearly overrated . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` good answer . '' 
 he lowered until our bodies brushed together and then he moved down , dragging his skin across mine , and i arched up , the touch driving me insane . 
 he grasped the strings at my hips , and tugged , but he did n't pull the bottoms away . 
 `` can i see you , ava ? 
 can i see all of you ? '' 
 `` please , '' i whispered , rolling my hips . 
 the night air brushed over my newly bared skin and once again he whispered something in spanish . 
 it sounded like a prayer . 
 his fingers played with the nest of short curls between my legs , tugging and caressing . 
 my eyes opened wide , shock rippling through me . 
 he was going to touch me there ? 
 instead of feeling insecure and embarrassed , i was curious . 
 i wanted to know the kinds of pleasure he could elicit with a single touch . 
 i did n't have to wait long . 
 he drew two fingers down the center of me , his fingertips gliding through the silky wetness that my body was pumping out to excess . 
 he groaned . 
 `` you 're soaked . '' 
 before i could say anything or wonder if that was good or bad , those two naughty fingers slipped inside me . 
 my back arched up off the sand and i grabbed for something to anchor me to the ground because surely i was going to float away . 
 in and out , in and out , his fingers worked me , my muscles contracting around them , begging for more . 
 i was panting . 
 the sensations rippling through my body were unmatched . 
 it was the single most pleasurable feeling i had ever known . 
 and then he kissed me . 
 down there . 
 as his fingers worked , stretching out my entrance , his tongue began to lick at my folds , delving around , looking for something . 
 something i really wanted him to find . 
 my hips started to move , pumping up against him , moving with his rhythm . 
 and then his mouth closed over the hardened bud deep at my center . 
 he tugged and gently sucked at it . 
 i cried out . 
 his fingers slid out of me , skimming up my center and leaving behind a trail of moisture . 
 i was trembling , my skin was vibrating , and i could n't lie still . 
 i had to move . 
 i had to get there . 
 `` what do you want , bella ? '' 
 he drawled from between my thighs . 
 i could n't tell him because i did n't know . 
 i was floating around in unchartered territory and i was solely dependent on him to show me the way . 
 i whimpered . 
 he flattened his palms , one on each thigh , and pushed my legs wide , completely opening me up to him . 
 and then he came forward , delving his tongue into my opening , his mouth connecting with my most secret place . 
 i bucked up . 
 the feeling was so intense . 
 he clamped down on my hips , pinning them into the sand , refusing to let me move . 
 and then he licked up , one long , firm stroke , and my entire world shattered . 
 he held me down as i cried out , blinding white light exploding behind my eyes , completely decimating thought and knowledge of everything and anything . 
 i wanted to squirm around so badly , but he would n't let me . 
 i had to lie there beneath him , next to the fire and the sand at my back , and do nothing but let the orgasm roll over my body relentlessly . 
 when at last my body quieted and the sound of the crashing waves filled my ears , i lay back , completely boneless and breathing heavily . 
 nash came over me once more , his curls falling over his forehead . 
 `` you , mi bella , are not broken . 
 you are fucking perfect . 
 so hot i almost came in my shorts . '' 
 `` i want to see you . '' 
 one eyebrow lifted . 
 `` do you now ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i 'd never felt so relaxed in my entire life . 
 he rocked back between my legs and reached for the button on his shorts . 
 i pushed up onto my elbows to watch . 
 he gazed at me , tenderness filling his eyes . 
 `` we can stop right here . 
 we do n't have to go any further . 
 your pleasure is my pleasure . 
 it 's more than enough for me . '' 
 i believed him . 
 he would stop and he would n't get angry and he would n't tell me i was cold . 
 `` i do n't want to stop . '' 
 i sat up the rest of the way and reached for his button , fully intending on experiencing everything i possibly could with him . 
 in that moment , a sound cut through the darkness . 
 it was the kind of sound that completely obliterated the passion surrounding us , the kind of sound that had nash diving on top of me to shield my body from any harm . 
 we lay there silently until all went still and i was wondering if maybe we had imagined it . 
 but then it pierced the night again . 
 we were n't hearing things . 
 we were hearing gunshots . 
 11 nothing like the fear of being shot in your slumber to ruin a perfectly good night . 
 after we heard those two shots penetrate the night , we gathered our clothes -lrb- okay , so they were my clothes -rrb- and hurried back to the plane . 
 nash shielded me the entire way . 
 once inside , i slipped on an oversized t-shirt i had in my suitcase and a pair of panties . 
 nash stood in the back of the plane , staring out into the darkness for a long time . 
 after a long while of hearing nothing , we laid out all the blankets we could find on the floor against the wall and then lay down with a pillow and used the remaining blanket to cover us . 
 it was the first night i slept with him . 
 well , in his arms . 
 it was the first time i lay all night with a warm body pressed against mine and an arm draped over my waist . 
 whenever i moved , he moved . 
 whenever i shifted , his body would follow . 
 it 's like we were two giant human magnets that could n't be separated . 
 yes , we were stranded and alone . 
 we had very little food , very little water . 
 we had no tv , no cell phone , and our choices for sleeping were limited to uncomfortable chairs or the floor of a plane . 
 and yet ... i 'd never been more comfortable . 
 it was a little unsettling to realize that just the mere presence of one person could make up for every comfort and convenience you thought you could never live without . 
 * * * the sun was up when i stretched against him , my first thought being that we made it through another night without being attacked by weirdoes with machetes . 
 the weight of being stranded on this island threatened to crush me , and i had to take a deep breath . 
 how many more days would we be here ? 
 we needed a plan , some kind of hope that we would n't end up trapped here forever . 
 or worse . 
 as i worried , a hand stroked over my hip . 
 my shirt had ridden up during the night and nash caressed my bare skin . 
 `` good morning , '' he murmured , his voice thick with sleep . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i tried not to notice his morning `` wood , '' as he put it , but it was kind of hard to miss . 
 i had to admit , it was a good distraction from my mental state of chaos . 
 `` did you get any sleep last night ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i was n't about to admit how freaked out i really was . 
 it would n't make anything better . 
 and besides that , i might not have gotten a ton of sleep , but lying here , crushed up against him , was better than sleep . 
 my brain might be in desperate need of a chill pill , but my body was more relaxed that it had ever been-even after we heard the somber firing of a gun . 
 just the mere memory of what nash and i did last night had heat wrapping around my insides , a slow burn igniting somewhere within me . 
 he did n't seem to notice the way he affected me . 
 his hand slid up to rest at the dip in my waist as his thumb slid back and forth over my skin . 
 i shivered . 
 he pressed a kissed to my forehead . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i was so hungry . 
 he moved away , leaving me lying there all alone , and my eyes popped open . 
 he came back seconds later and sat down , indian style , in front of me . 
 i rolled onto my back and looked up as he dangled the luna bar in the air . 
 he had one in each hand . 
 i gasped . 
 `` we 're going to eat them ? '' 
 he gave a little shrug . 
 `` we have all the fruit and avocado now . 
 i think it would be okay if we indulged this one time and each ate one . '' 
 i groaned . 
 an entire bar all to myself ? 
 heaven . 
 i reached for it and he snatched it away . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` you did n't tell me good morning yet . '' 
 `` yes , i did . '' 
 `` hi , does not count . '' 
 i pursed my lips while watching him . 
 he had this little twinkle in his eye , and scorching heat swept me anew . 
 i sat up , the blanket falling around my lap , and scooted so our knees bumped . 
 then i leaned forward and kissed the underside of his jaw . 
 he had n't been able to shave since we crashed and the short beard he was sporting tickled my lips . 
 i kissed him again , going down his neck . 
 `` wrong direction , '' he whispered , his voice husky . 
 my , he was demanding in the morning . 
 i changed course , kissing back up his neck , across his jaw , and then rubbing my cheek against his , enjoying the scruffy feel on my face . 
 then i turned my head and grazed his lips with mine . 
 before i pulled back , my hand went into his lap and grabbed at the bar he was holding . 
 he dropped the bar , but his newly free hand came up to wrap around the back of my head and hold me firmly at his mouth . 
 he deepened our kiss , thrusting his tongue into my mouth , sliding it over my teeth and then nipping at my lip . 
 instead of pulling my bottom lip between his , he pulled my top lip in , gently tugging it down and into his all-too-willing mouth . 
 i groaned and let go of the bar . 
 my hand grazed something else in his lap . 
 something that would probably fill me up a lot better than any type of food . 
 he pulled back , a smile playing on his lips . 
 then he reached between us , unwrapped one of the chocolate goodies , and held it up to my lips . 
 i stared at him when i took a bite . 
 i could n't help the little groan that erupted when the chocolate hit my tongue and melted . 
 `` your little noises drive me insane , '' he murmured . 
 after i chewed and swallowed , he gestured for me to take another bite . 
 `` you have a thing for feeding me , '' i said as i chewed . 
 `` a strong man always makes sure his woman is provided for . 
 that she has everything she needs . '' 
 i paused in chewing , the food no longer holding my interest . 
 `` that sounds very possessive , '' i observed . 
 he smiled again . 
 `` i am a very possessive man , bella . '' 
 my stomach did a full three-sixty inside my body . 
 i may not always know what direction i 'm going , but i always make my own way . 
 i 'm not the type of girl who likes to be told what to do , who wants to be dictated to . 
 but nash ... he made being possessed sound like the most satisfying thing ever . 
 i grabbed the other bar and unwrapped . 
 then i held it up to his lips . 
 `` eat . '' 
 he opened his mouth and bit into the food , his lips pulling away like it was a lollipop . 
 we did n't say anything else . 
 we just sat there and fed each other until the bars were gone . 
 and then he kissed me again , a lingering kiss that tasted like chocolate . 
 when i finally stood , i noticed that i had sand in places that were n't entirely comfortable . 
 in fact , if i was n't careful , it might turn painful . 
 as i walked toward the water bottles , i moved a little funny , trying not to rub the sand farther into my , ummm ... lady parts . 
 `` bella ... '' the little nickname he used more than my name sounded like an angry command . 
 then he was standing behind me , spinning me around , and drilling his stare into mine . 
 `` did i hurt you last night ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 `` you 're walking funny . 
 i tried to be gentle . '' 
 his forehead creased . 
 i reached up and traced the cute lines . 
 `` you were . '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` it was ... it was seriously the best experience of my life . '' 
 he relaxed , but the creases still did n't go away . 
 `` i have sand in uncomfortable places , '' i admitted sheepishly . 
 he chuckled , the little lines disappearing . 
 before i knew what he was doing , he had my shower items in my messenger bag and he hoisted me up onto his back-piggyback style . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , trying not to notice that when he walked , the muscles in his back moved and brushed against my crotch . 
 `` to clean up , '' he said simply and then made his way deftly through the trees and plants while carrying me along . 
 turns out ignoring any part of him was impossible . 
 by the time the little lagoon with the waterfall came into sight , i was practically panting with need . 
 once again he seemed oblivious -lrb- really , are all men like this ? -rrb- 
 and sat me on my feet beside the water . 
 `` take off your clothes , '' he said while unpacking the little bottles of shampoo and the bar of soap . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 i replied , lifting an eyebrow . 
 he straightened , pinning me with those intense green eyes . 
 he prowled-that 's right , he did n't walk ; he prowled-over in front of me and lifted the hem of the oversized shirt , his knuckles skimming the fronts of my thighs all the way up as he moved . 
 `` we need to get that sand off you , bella . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said dumbly as the shirt slid up over my arms and then fell to the ground , leaving me standing there in nothing but a little pair of panties . 
 it was n't cool outside , but the air felt chilled when it brushed over my fiery skin . 
 when he reached for the waistband of my panties , i jerked back . 
 `` turn around , '' i ordered . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm serious . '' 
 last night had been dark , with nothing but the dying embers of the fire . 
 this was broad daylight . 
 what if he did n't like what he saw ? 
 `` i 've seen every gorgeous inch of you . '' 
 `` turn . 
 around . '' 
 if he said one more swoon-worthy thing , i was going to turn into his slave . 
 i needed to reclaim some power . 
 he sighed and turned around . 
 i ignored the way his shoulders shook with silent laughter and quickly peeled away the panties and waded into the water . 
 when it was just past my hips , i froze . 
 `` are there alligators in here ? '' 
 `` can i turn around now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder and around the curtain of hair that waved wildly about . 
 `` alligators ? 
 lochness monster ? 
 giant man-eating piranhas ? '' 
 i said , suddenly about to panic . 
 he picked up something off the ground and walked into the water , shorts and all -lrb- how come i always end up naked and he got to keep his pants ? -rrb- 
 and wrapped his arms around me from behind . 
 `` i 'll protect you . '' 
 okay . 
 i was lame . 
 that totally made me feel better . 
 nash took a few more steps into the water , forcing me along until we were chest deep . 
 the sound of the waterfall hitting the lagoon was loud , but i did n't mind it . 
 it was peaceful . 
 and as it poured , little ripples played over the surface of the water to reach out and lap gently at us . 
 the ends of my hair floated out , looking like a dark , golden halo . 
 mist from the pouring falls drifted through the air , creating a translucent curtain around us and dampening all our skin that was n't submerged in the water . 
 i felt a moment 's worry about getting my stitches damp with all the mist , but i stopped thinking about that the minute nash spoke . 
 he wielded the bar of soap . 
 `` i 'll wash you . '' 
 first he feeds me and then he washes me ? 
 sigh ... he lathered up his hands and started at the tops of my shoulders , smoothing the soap over my arms and neck and upper chest . 
 then he lifted my hands one by one and soaped from my elbow down . 
 his hands slipped over my skin like velvet , like he was made of silk , and the lavender scent of the soap rose up around us and caught in the mist like a fly in a spider web . 
 when my upper body was clean , he used a hand to cup the water and pour it over my shoulders , rinsing away the bubbles . 
 and then there was nowhere to wash but down . 
 he used both his hands at once , closing over my breasts , groping them skillfully with soap-laden hands . 
 tiny tingles shot through me all the way down to my toes , and my head fell back because holding it up was just too much work . 
 the area between my legs began to throb , almost like it had a heartbeat of its own . 
 his hands slid lower , over my abdomen , around my belly button , lower still . 
 `` i 'm getting closer to the sand , are n't i ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 i moaned . 
 my knees threatened to buckle . 
 instead of continuing straight down , his hands separated and traveled around my hips . 
 he stepped forward , bringing our chests together , and held me close while he washed my back , reaching up beneath my hair and sudsing up my neck . 
 i leaned forward and pressed my lips to his shoulder , tempted to nip at his damp skin . 
 `` do it , '' he growled like he could read my mind . 
 or maybe he just read my body . 
 i hesitated and he shifted , pressing closer . 
 my lips opened automatically and my teeth sank lightly into his flesh . 
 his hands spasmed and he pulled me roughly against him , my body-my very naked body-met with a very hard erection . 
 it strained against the front of his shorts . 
 his hand slid over the round curve of my backside , slipping down lower ... in between my legs , all from behind . 
 he moved his fingers around like he was washing away the sand . 
 what he was really doing was turning me the hell on . 
 if i was throbbing before , i now felt like something down there was hammering with rabid force . 
 i whispered his name . 
 it sounded more like a plea . 
 his fingers kept sliding , right up to that magic spot . 
 i jerked a little because the jolt of pleasure was so intense . 
 i bit him again . 
 this time a little harder . 
 his finger started to work me with a skill only he possessed ... my body was ready to snap . 
 an approaching sound had us both stiffening . 
 nash released me and put his body in front of mine . 
 `` if i tell you to run , run , '' he said , effectively scaring me . 
 `` i wo n't leave you , '' i whispered furiously . 
 he gave me a stern look over his shoulder . 
 i ignored it . 
 the plants rustled ; a few leaves and stems quivered with movement . 
 i thought about the gunfire , the rhythm of the drums ... nash 's body tensed as someone stepped up to the water 's edge . 
 12 it was duke . 
 i wanted to pass out from relief . 
 he came up short when he noticed we were there . 
 `` hey , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't realize you were here . '' 
 i peaked around nash 's shoulder . 
 `` no worries . 
 we were just cleaning up a little . '' 
 he nodded , his eyes going straight to me . 
 they seemed strained . 
 it made me feel a little guilty . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 nash glanced over his shoulder , looking at me , and then walked onto shore . 
 his shorts were soaked and the weight of the water pulled at them , making them ride incredibly low on his hips . 
 i tried not to stare ... and i failed . 
 `` you 're dressed , '' duke observed , his voice a little more than relieved . 
 `` ava is a little less covered , '' nash said tightly . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 duke immediately turned around , and for some reason i found his eager respect for me endearing . 
 nash dug into the messenger bag and pulled out one of his t-shirts . 
 the one i 'd been using as a towel . 
 i hurried closer , my hair doing a good job of covering my breasts . 
 nash wrapped the shirt around me as i wrung some of the moisture out of the ends of my hair and then pinned him with a stare as well . 
 he gave an exaggerated sigh and turned around as well . 
 when i was sure they were n't peeking , i quickly put on my panties and t-shirt again . 
 then i packed up the soap and slung the wet shirt over my shoulder . 
 `` you both can turn around now . '' 
 they both paused , then turned . 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 nash reached out and took the bag from me . 
 `` wan na hang out with us ? '' 
 i asked duke . 
 `` sure . '' 
 the three of us went back to the plane , the wet tips of my hair a tangled mess around my shoulders . 
 nash came inside the plane as i was taming the beast that was my hair and grabbed up a couple coconuts and went outside to open them . 
 duke hovered at the back opening of the plane . 
 `` come in , '' i called out . 
 `` there 's some water right there . '' 
 i gestured to the bottles . 
 `` and fruit if you want some . '' 
 he grabbed a mango off the pile and then moved around , looking at the wrecked plane . 
 `` that was some landing , huh ? '' 
 `` i 'll say , '' i agreed as i braided my hair down over my shoulder . 
 `` i 've never been on a plane before , '' he said , still gazing around with interest . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` i always traveled by boat . '' 
 his hair was waving around his face , not tucked behind his ears today . 
 it looked soft and it still flipped up at the ends . 
 `` wan na see the cockpit ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he followed me into the front of the plane with the large windows and the controls . 
 it was messier up here because we did n't bother to clean up as much , knowing this part of the plane would n't get much use . 
 `` wow , '' he murmured , sitting down in the pilot 's seat . 
 `` look at all these controls . '' 
 he pointed at one . 
 `` wonder what this one did . '' 
 i could n't see so i stepped forward , and my clumsy butt tripped over the crap on the floor and i fell forward . 
 right into duke 's lap . 
 `` if you wanted to drive , you should have just said so , '' he quipped . 
 i could n't help it ; i laughed . 
 to my surprise , he settled me into his lap , both of us facing the window , and looped his arms around my waist . 
 `` do you miss home ? '' 
 i asked him softly . 
 `` every day . '' 
 `` have you tried to get off the island ? '' 
 `` more times than i could count . '' 
 `` maybe with three of us , it will be easier . 
 maybe we can figure something out . '' 
 `` maybe , '' he said . 
 he leaned his forehead against the back of my shoulder . 
 `` we will . '' 
 i corrected him . 
 `` you , me , and nash . '' 
 `` are you two together ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , even though i knew what he meant . 
 i had no idea how to respond to that . 
 the answer was no , nash and i were n't together . 
 a strong man always makes sure his woman is provided for . 
 but we were n't exactly not not together either ... i think i just confused myself . 
 `` i mean , like , is he your man ? '' 
 was he ? 
 i opened my mouth , interested in what was going to come out , but i never got the chance to see . 
 nash chose that moment to walk in . 
 his eyes went right to me ... in duke 's lap . 
 it was completely innocent ... but i was n't sure he saw it that way . 
 he stalked over and held out a coconut to me . 
 i started to stand to take it and tripped again . 
 nash 's hands were full . 
 but duke 's were n't . 
 he caught me and eased me up on my feet , his hands lingering on my waist . 
 `` careful , '' he murmured as he pulled away . 
 `` here , '' nash said , handing the second coconut to duke . 
 `` thank you , '' he said , accepting it . 
 nash reached for my arm and held me steady as i walked through the debris and out of the cockpit . 
 then he handed me the last coconut . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i asked , frowning . 
 `` i 'll open another one , '' he said , turning his back and going to do just that . 
 i stared after him , feeling like i should have said something ... but i did n't know what he wanted me to say . 
 `` let 's go down to the beach , '' i said to duke . 
 when he stood , i could n't help but notice his gaze lingering on my legs . 
 i realized then that my long shirt made it look like i was n't wearing pants . 
 crap . 
 i was n't . 
 `` would you mind holding this outside while i change ? '' 
 he took it and disappeared . 
 quickly , i yanked off the shirt and pulled on my bikini and a yellow cotton sundress i had in my suitcase . 
 it made a good cover-up . 
 duke was waiting for me beside the plane , and when i came to the edge , he moved forward to help me down . 
 he glanced down at his full hands and scowled . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i jump down all the time . '' 
 he shook his head , but i did n't give him time to react and try and help me . 
 i jumped down , landing lightly beside him . 
 the last thing i wanted was for nash to happen to see duke with his hands on me again , helping me down . 
 `` let 's go down to the beach , '' nash suggested from somewhere beside the plane . 
 his voice was close by and i felt some relief knowing that my decision to avoid duke 's touch was a good one . 
 i tried not to think about why i cared so much what nash thought . 
 the three of us wandered down to the sand . 
 my eyes went right to the bonfire pit and my cheeks heated with the memory of what we did there last night . 
 nash caught my eye and i knew he was thinking the same thing by the way his gaze traveled my body . 
 his stare felt like a laser beam , retracing the path his tongue had made just hours before . 
 we all sat quiet for a moment as we drank the sweet juice from the fruit . 
 my thoughts turned to the gunshots we heard and the warning duke gave us just before he left . 
 `` we heard gunfire last night , '' i said . 
 i did n't bother looking at nash . 
 i knew he was n't keen on asking duke about what we 'd been hearing , but i did n't care anymore . 
 we were stuck here , like it or not . 
 we needed to know what we were dealing with . 
 duke nodded . 
 `` it 's on the other side of the island . '' 
 `` have you been there ? 
 are there people ? 
 civilization ? '' 
 hope swarmed up inside me like a tidal wave , thinking this could be our way off this island , that this could help us get home . 
 `` it 's not safe to go there , '' duke said tightly . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he pinned me with his dark eyes . 
 `` it just is n't . 
 you wo n't find help there . 
 stay on this side . '' 
 `` but wo n't they come here eventually ? '' 
 duke just gazed off across the ocean , almost like he was lost in thought . 
 or wistful for home . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked him , reaching out and laying a hand on his arm . 
 he looked down , almost like he was startled by the contact . 
 his eyes slid to mine . 
 `` yeah , i 'm good . '' 
 so much emotion swam in those eyes of his . 
 they had to be the most expressive i had ever seen . 
 we sat there frozen for long moments , my hand on his arm and his eyes memorizing every angle of my face -lrb- at least that 's what it felt like -rrb- . 
 `` you gon na tell us what 's out there or what ? '' 
 nash said . 
 i gave him a hard look because he was being rude . 
 he should be nice . 
 this poor guy did n't have anyone . 
 for months . 
 duke hesitated . 
 nash sighed and stood , sand sticking to his still-damp shorts . 
 `` if you wo n't tell me , i 'm damn sure going to find out . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked , alarmed . 
 `` it means we 're going to the other side of the island . 
 we 're going hunting . '' 
 13 `` are you sure this is a good idea ? '' 
 i asked for the hundredth time since we started walking . 
 nash stopped suddenly , and i bumped into his back , stumbling backward a bit . 
 he turned swiftly and glanced at me . 
 `` i do n't know what else to do , '' he said grimly . 
 `` do i want to walk into potential dangerous territory ... with you right behind me ? 
 no . 
 i do n't . 
 but being a sitting duck is n't safe either . 
 i 'd rather know what we 're dealing with . '' 
 i glanced at duke , who was standing there watching us . 
 `` ca n't you just tell us what 's there ? '' 
 `` i already told you it was no good . 
 i told you to stay away . '' 
 `` you wo n't tell us why ? '' 
 i implored . 
 `` because it is , '' was his simple reply . 
 nash made a sound and started walking again . 
 `` if it 's so dangerous , why are you coming with us ? '' 
 he tossed over his shoulder . 
 duke did n't reply , but i felt his stare and i turned to look at him . 
 it was because of me . 
 he was coming along because of me . 
 i glanced at nash to see if he realized , but he had n't turned around . 
 he was to intent on our path . 
 we walked in silence after that , forever it seemed . 
 my feet grew tired and my body was damp with sweat . 
 i was so not the camping/hiking kind of girl . 
 and to make it worse , i kept thinking about the dream . 
 about the two men who were right beside me . 
 every so often i would feel duke 's eyes and i would look at him . 
 he had this way of gazing at me ... this sort of longing in his eyes ... it made me feel coveted . 
 it made me feel wanted . 
 but then i would look at nash , at the way his hips swiveled when he walked . 
 the way his shoulder muscles moved beneath all that olive-toned skin . 
 and his hands were magic . 
 but beyond that ... he seemed to care about me , like he thought of me first , even before himself . 
 i tried to direct my thoughts away from my company and pay attention to the surroundings . 
 the island was lush and beautiful . 
 the greenery was everywhere . 
 palm trees and tall plants full of colorful , blossoming flowers filled the air with a heady scent . 
 because we were close to the ocean , there was still a bit of a breeze , even this far into the island . 
 still , it was n't as cool as it was right on the sand because the trees and plants kind of worked as a trap for the heat , keeping it in instead of letting it drift up and away . 
 at least the sunlight did n't shine directly on us . 
 i was n't sure if my fair skin could take the brutal midday rays . 
 so far i had been lucky to avoid a sunburn , but i knew it was probably only a matter of time . 
 i started to feel lightheaded when we stepped into a particularly cool part of the wilderness . 
 the trees were heavier here so the shade was denser . 
 it felt wonderful against my heated skin , but it also seemed to serve as a reminder of just how hot i actually was . 
 my thoughts grew thick and it felt weird to walk , my legs feeling like jell-o . 
 `` do you think we could stop for a minute ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` take a break ? '' 
 both duke and nash came to my side , nash reaching me first . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he studied me . 
 `` your skin is flushed . '' 
 `` i 'm just really hot . '' 
 he led me over beneath a tree where the leaves were bigger than my head . 
 we sat down below it , leaning up against the trunk . 
 `` here , '' duke said , handing me his untouched bottle of water . 
 i have no idea how he had n't drank any . 
 my bottle was already gone . 
 he must have seen my shock when he handed me the full bottle because he said , `` i 've gotten used to this heat . '' 
 `` but you might need it , '' i protested . 
 `` you need it more , '' he said , giving my hand a squeeze . 
 then he turned thoughtful . 
 `` i think there 's some fruit around here . 
 i 'm going to grab some . 
 you should eat something . '' 
 `` you should n't be alone . '' 
 i worried . 
 `` nash can go with you . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving you alone , '' nash said instantly . 
 duke nodded . 
 `` he should stay . 
 i wo n't be long . '' 
 when i frowned , he offered me a smile . 
 `` i promise i 'll be okay . '' 
 i nodded and within moments he disappeared behind a beautiful plant with bright-pink blooms . 
 `` i do n't trust him , '' nash said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just a feeling i get . '' 
 `` but he 's helped us . 
 he showed us food . 
 he gave us that machete . '' 
 `` i do n't like the way he looks at you . '' 
 `` i 'm tired , '' i said , leaning my head against the tree . 
 i did n't really want to talk about duke with nash . 
 i sort of felt like i was caught between them . 
 he brushed a few damp strands of hair off my cheek . 
 `` just sit here and cool off . 
 rest . '' 
 it did n't take long for my eyes to grow heavy and begin to drift closed ... i felt the blanket drift down over my chilled skin . 
 it was n't warm like he was , but i knew that soon it would trap the heat the night air was leeching from my body and give it back to me . 
 i sighed , settling in a little farther . 
 my comfort was slightly interrupted when i realized i was still on the beach , still lying in the sand . 
 i turned my head and glanced at the bonfire , which had grown cold . 
 the glowing embers had long gone out . 
 it was just me , the glittering stars overhead , and the sound of the waves crashing harmoniously against the shore . 
 but something was missing . 
 no . 
 someone was missing . 
 just as i thought to lift my head , to call out for him , i felt a gentle caress brush my ankle . 
 a little of the ocean air drifted beneath the blanket as his hand traveled farther up , caressing my calf and making me smile . 
 i lay still , not wanting him to stop , wondering where his curious hand would lead him . 
 farther up he traveled until his palm was brushing over the outside of my thigh , stroking the skin , coaxing my body to turn for him . 
 it did . 
 with a soft sigh i rolled onto my back , opening my eyes just enough so i could stare up at the stars . 
 starlight , star bright , first star i see tonight , i wish i may , i wish i might , have this boy i want tonight . 
 and oh how i wished for him . 
 the universe heard my plea , and i watched as a shooting star dripped from the heavens , streaking the sky with a glimmering trail . 
 his fingers kept exploring , slipping beneath my shorts , hovering over my bikini bottoms , and brushing against my core . 
 my hips tilted upward automatically , inviting his touch . 
 he was like a drug . 
 an addiction . 
 his fingers were my dealer and his lips were my poison . 
 i lived for my next fix , the next time his knuckles would graze the softness of my inner thigh , the next time he would gently scrape his fingernails across my lower abdomen and then delve into my soft curls at the apex of my hips . 
 i moaned softly when he dipped beneath my bottoms , his skin touching my skin . 
 i was already wet for him , and i felt my moisture coat his fingers as he slipped along my entrance . 
 he moved closer , his body settling between my spread legs and his free hand reaching up to cup my breast , to squeeze it lightly and roll the hardened nipple between his finger . 
 `` nash , '' i whispered , arching into him , practically begging for more . 
 i had no idea that my body could ever feel this way . 
 that i would ever need another person 's touch so much . 
 that if i did n't get it , i might slowly go insane . 
 it was like he started a clock the first time he touched me , a ticking clock on a bomb that counted the minutes , the seconds until the time ran out and i exploded in a heap of desire . 
 he stilled , his fingers pausing in their perusal , and i felt his stare through the dark . 
 i started to sit up , but he pressed me back down , his fingers scissoring open , testing me , stretching me . 
 my breathing turned ragged ; my body hummed . 
 now . 
 i wanted him now . 
 i grabbed his wrist and pulled him up over me , blocking out the stars with his dark shape . 
 he was completely shrouded in darkness . 
 i could n't see his face at all . 
 something like hesitation creeped over me . 
 my body tried to deny it , to push it away and hang on to its need . 
 `` nash ? '' 
 i whispered , staring above me . 
 slowly he shook his head ... i jerked awake . 
 sweat slicked my skin and my heart pounded erratically . 
 that was the most vivid dream i ever experienced . 
 not to mention the sexiest one . 
 `` hey , '' nash said from right beside me . 
 `` you having another nightmare-about the crash ? '' 
 `` did i fall asleep ? '' 
 i asked , looking up at him . 
 `` you were tired , '' he said gently , tracing a finger beneath my eyes where i was sure dark circles resided . 
 `` i never sleep in the middle of the day , '' i said , frowning . 
 and i never have sex dreams about strangers , either . 
 `` you 've never been a victim of a plane crash , out in the heat all day , traipsing over an unknown island , and practically dehydrated , either . '' 
 then he glanced at me . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 that elicited a giggle . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 this is like my hobby . '' 
 he snorted . 
 i could n't help but notice the way we were sitting . 
 side by side , but i might as well have been in his lap . 
 my leg was firmly pressed along his and my upper body was leaning into him , draped over his chest . 
 his arm was around my waist , securing me close , and i knew that my head likely was resting on his shoulder . 
 `` you drool , '' he said , offering me a grin . 
 i smacked him . 
 `` i do not ! '' 
 `` maybe you were n't having a nightmare . 
 maybe you were dreaming about me . '' 
 he wagged his eyebrows . 
 my stomach lurched . 
 he frowned . 
 `` hey , you feeling okay ? '' 
 he asked , concern totally eclipsing his playful tone from just seconds ago . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , sitting up , pushing away from him . 
 `` here , '' he said , uncapping a bottle of water and holding it out . 
 i took it and drank a few gulps . 
 the water was warm , but i did n't care . 
 it was wet . 
 wet . 
 oh god , between my legs was wet . 
 that dream had really turned me on . 
 why would i dream that ? 
 what was wrong with my body ? 
 we were off on a hunt for who knows what , and i was falling asleep and having naughty dreams like we really were on vacation . 
 `` ava , '' nash said . 
 he took my hand and i glanced at him . 
 man , i loved his hair . 
 all messy , unruly curls that caught in the breeze and moved around his head like they just wanted to flirt with me . 
 it 's just him , i told myself . 
 i 'd never been this turned on , this amped up sexually before . 
 after what happened last night by the fire , it was only natural that i would dream like that , considering the fact that every time he looked at me since , all i wanted to do was finish what we started . 
 get a grip , ava ! 
 i yelled at myself . 
 geesh , i was like a guy , thinking about sex twenty-four-seven . 
 once again , my brain did n't seem to get the memo . 
 a vision of the man over me in the dream floated behind my eyes . 
 i concentrated hard , looking for the outline of those curls in the dark . 
 i tried to think about the way he smelled , if the scent was familiar , like the natural scent nash carried . 
 there was n't anything . 
 not an inkling of a clue . 
 but it had to be him . 
 no one , and i mean no one , ever affected me the way he does . 
 besides , who else could it be ? 
 duke stepped around a tree , his eyes going straight to me . 
 he smiled and my stomach did a little somersault . 
 okay , it did n't do a little somersault . 
 it did one of those ungraceful belly flops that have people wincing in pain as they watch you smack into the water with a sharp slapping sound . 
 oh no . 
 duke came closer and sat down on the other side of me , effectively making me into a man sandwich . 
 i laughed at little beneath my breath . 
 ava was a man-wich . 
 i was completely losing it . 
 `` i found some fruit , '' duke said , holding out some fresh mangos and an avocado . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , reaching for the mango . 
 nash made a sound and reached around me . 
 `` no . 
 eat the avocado . 
 i think you need something a little more substantial right now . '' 
 did he know i was losing it too ? 
 `` clearly your body is running really low on fuel . '' 
 he continued . 
 `` it 's why you 're so tired . '' 
 was that all it was ? 
 low blood sugar ? 
 when i glanced back at duke , he 'd managed to split open the avocado , exposing the light green and ripened flesh . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i threw myself into eating . 
 and i avoided the stares from the man-wich . 
 it was easier to eat than think right then . 
 probably because my thoughts were very disturbing . 
 that dream ... if it had n't been nash ... there was only one other person it could be . 
 i glanced back up , my eyes instantly colliding with duke 's . 
 could it have been him ? 
 14 it was easy to realize when we got close to the other side of the island . 
 duke grew quiet , even stoic . 
 so much so that i fell back a little and matched my steps with his , walking at his side . 
 he glanced at me and i offered him a small smile . 
 he reached out and threaded our hands together , holding tightly to me . 
 i did n't pull away . 
 i could n't . 
 i realized i needed the reassurance just as much as he seemed to . 
 up ahead the trees seemed to part , giving way to the beach , and i could hear the waves crashing onto the shore just ahead . 
 we all slowed , creeping to the side and behind a large fern , ducking behind the leaves . 
 nash turned to look at me , his eyes going right to me . 
 duke joined our hands . 
 he did n't say anything , but the skin around his mouth tightened . 
 `` i 'm going to go closer , '' nash whispered . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 `` wait , '' i whisper-yelled . 
 he turned back . 
 `` if you hear gunshots , run . 
 run and do n't look back . '' 
 that was probably the scariest thing i ever heard in my entire life . 
 the idea of nash being shot . 
 the idea of me running away and leaving him behind . 
 the thought of never seeing him again . 
 he did n't give me a chance to protest . 
 when he disappeared , my stomach began to churn violently . 
 the avocado i ate earlier threatened to make a second appearance . 
 even though the food did make me feel better , i should n't have eaten it . 
 i should have pretended i was too weak to continue and then nash would have taken me back to the plane . 
 we would n't be here right now ... he would n't be out there ... i jumped when he reappeared , his eyes a little wider , a little darker than before . 
 i stood , ripping my hand out of duke 's and rushing forward . 
 i threw myself at him , but he was ready . 
 he caught me , folding me close and burying his face in my hair . 
 i could feel the pounding of his heart against my chest and i knew that he had been afraid . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i whispered , pulling back and searching his eyes . 
 `` there are definitely other people on this island . '' 
 `` did you see them ? '' 
 i asked excitedly , thinking this might be our lucky day . 
 `` no , '' nash said , and i noticed he was n't as excited . 
 `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 he looked past me at duke . 
 `` you knew , did n't you ? '' 
 he only nodded . 
 `` knew what ? '' 
 i demanded , not enjoying being the only one who did n't know what was going on . 
 `` these people wo n't help us , '' nash answered , his eyes never leaving duke . 
 `` what people ! '' 
 i demanded , my voice a little louder . 
 nash placed a couple fingers to my lips . 
 `` pirata , '' he whispered . 
 like i knew what that meant . 
 after days of listening to him randomly speak spanish , it still sounded like a bunch of gibberish . 
 i wanted to shake him and say , `` use your words , man ! '' 
 but i decided that probably would n't be a good idea , so i gave him an exasperated look instead . 
 `` come on , '' he said , taking my hand . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 the three of us moved out of the cover of trees and onto the beach . 
 this side of the beach was a little different than our side . 
 it was a little rougher here ; there were some rocks around the shore , some of them jutting out into the ocean . 
 against the rocks sat what appeared to be a little one-room cabin-well , more like a shack . 
 the wood was all weathered and gray ; the roof was uneven and flat . 
 there was one window , but it did n't have glass . 
 there was a piece of what looked like tin rested beneath it , and i had the idea that whoever lived there just placed the tin in the window when it rained . 
 there were no steps leading into the crooked , warped front door . 
 the shack just sat right there in the sand . 
 i was n't curious at all what was inside . 
 in fact , the idea of going in there at all gave me a serious case of heebie-jeebies . 
 the pristine white sand was cluttered here-littered with empty barrels and a long wooden table with more barrels shoved beneath as stools . 
 beside the table was a chest and i wandered over and lifted the lid . 
 inside were playing cards and poker chips . 
 there were cigarettes and cigars . 
 i pocketed one of the many lighters , thinking it might come in handy if we ever needed to start a fire quickly . 
 there were empty beer bottles all over the place , some of them rolling around in the surf . 
 fishing nets were strung among some of the barrels and a bar ran across the middle of a large fire pit . 
 i assumed it was used to hang fish from to roast . 
 i wandered a little closer to the surf , toward the rocks and away from that creepy shack . 
 something on the rocks caught my attention and i jogged to it , looking at the chains that literally hung from the jagged rock . 
 my stomach churned again . 
 why would someone have chains like this ? 
 a smear of something dark against the rocks gave me the answer and made me gag . 
 blood . 
 obviously , these chains were n't here for fun and games . 
 i left the chains , my overactive imagination not needing to see any more , and something on the water caught my eye . 
 i ran around to the side and saw it , sitting out in the open right there on the other side of the rocks . 
 a boat . 
 not just one boat . 
 many boats . 
 i turned , seeking out nash and duke . 
 they were n't far , and i waved my arms at them , trying to get their attention without yelling . 
 duke saw me first and came jogging forward . 
 i saw nash shove something in his pants and then look up . 
 i waved to him and he ran over , his eyes searching the area all around me . 
 `` look , '' i said excitedly when they were both within hearing distance . 
 i pointed to the boats . 
 nash let out a whoop of joy and picked me up , spinning me around . 
 i grinned . 
 finally , a way off this island . 
 `` we even have a sailor right here to sail us to safety ! '' 
 i said , touching duke on the arm . 
 he gave me a warm smile , but not before sadness passed behind his eyes . 
 `` let 's go , '' nash said , and the three of started toward the boats . 
 as we got closer , it became clear that something was n't quite right . 
 from where we stood before , the boats appeared heaven sent , like a beacon , a sign of home and safety . 
 from up close ... they were a disappointment . 
 the first boat we came too was nothing but a mere shell . 
 the engine , the steering wheel , and everything that would make the boat actually run were stripped away . 
 nash climbed onto the boat and it sagged down into the waves dangerously low . 
 he let out a curse and climbed out . 
 `` there 's a hole in it . '' 
 i stepped forward and sure enough , just his weight caused the boat to take on water . 
 i ran to the one not too far away . 
 it was on the shore , the waves barely reaching it . 
 it was stripped of parts just like the other one . 
 this one had tarps and rope inside . 
 we started checking all of them , refusing to give up hope , praying that just one would be suitable to sail . 
 but none of them were . 
 all hope inside me died . 
 the kind of death suitable to a graveyard . 
 a boat graveyard . 
 `` some of these boats were once really nice , '' nash said , looking at them all grimly . 
 `` not anymore , '' i intoned and set back in the direction we came . 
 maybe we should search the creepy shack . 
 maybe there was a phone or something inside . 
 but that 's when i saw it . 
 another boat . 
 a ship actually . 
 a large white one that cut through the water like a warm knife in butter . 
 it was so pristine it actually gleamed in the sunlight . 
 there was a large flag billowing with the wind , but i could n't tell what was on it . 
 the boat was still too far away . 
 but not for long . 
 it was headed in this direction . 
 i called to nash and duke and they saw it too . 
 nash rushed to my side and pulled me down behind the rocks , keeping us from sight . 
 every few moments , he or duke would peek over , looking to see what was happening . 
 i looked back at the boats , the ones that had been practically vandalized and left there to be used as storage . 
 i thought about the creepy shack , the poker chips ... the blood and the chains . 
 whoever lived here was home . 
 whoever lived here was not going to help us . 
 nash 's whispered spanish word drifted through my head . 
 pirata . 
 i did n't have to ask him to tell me what it meant . 
 i knew . 
 pirates . 
 15 it took half the time to get back to our side of the island than it did to get across to the pirates ' . 
 adrenaline and fear are great motivators . 
 not to mention that once nash thought we were far enough away from the pirates not to be heard , he set a punishing pace . 
 twice , i thought my lungs were going to burst -lrb- from being scared silly or being out of breath , i could n't tell -rrb- , but thankfully , duke was there to spur me on and give me a hand . 
 at one point , i was pretty sure he actually picked me up and ran with me . 
 it was n't embarrassing at all . 
 -lrb- not . -rrb- 
 i decided then that when i got home-if i got home-running was going to be my new hobby . 
 when we reached the little lagoon with the wide waterfall , nash finally stopped and i doubled over , clutching my middle and sucking in lungfuls of air . 
 i felt a large hand settle on my back and rub slow circles . 
 `` just breathe , '' a voice instructed . 
 i looked up . 
 it was duke . 
 `` we ... should ... have ... listened ... '' i wheezed . 
 `` sometimes you have to see something for yourself to believe it , '' he said kindly . 
 nash thrust a newly filled bottle of water under my nose . 
 `` drink , '' he said , not even sounding out of breath . 
 it made me want to kick him in the shin . 
 i mean , he had fabulous hair , a year-round tan , was a pilot , and he was mr. fitness ? 
 the boy was beyond blessed . 
 i took the water and gulped it down , choking as it caught in my throat . 
 i started hacking as tears blurred my vision . 
 i thrust the water away from me and duke took it as my body continued to make a fool of itself . 
 nash 's hand cupped the back of my neck and he brought his face close to mine , holding it still as coughs still wracked my chest . 
 `` easy , bella , '' he whispered . 
 he was so close that his lips practically brushed mine . 
 my breath caught . 
 the coughing stopped . 
 he kneaded the muscles in my neck lightly , easing some of the tension coiled in my body . 
 `` there you go , '' he murmured when i was breathing calmly . 
 `` do you think they saw us ? '' 
 i worried and then glanced at duke . 
 `` or heard us ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they 'd be chasing us . '' 
 i bit my lip , still worrying . 
 `` i thought pirates were only made up for movies and tv . '' 
 `` i 've hear the rumors of modern-day pirates , '' nash said grimly . 
 `` first time i 've seen one . '' 
 `` what do they do ? '' 
 i wondered out loud . 
 my knowledge of pirates was limited to captain hook from peter pan and johnny depp from pirates of the caribbean . 
 something told me that these `` modern-day '' pirates were n't the same . 
 i noticed that neither man was rushing to explain . 
 well , that could n't be good . 
 i glanced at duke . 
 `` what do they do ? '' 
 he seemed sad to have to tell me about such things . 
 `` oceans do n't usually fall under regular jurisdiction laws of our government . 
 meaning it 's basically a free-for-all out there . 
 pirates sail the seas , take over boats , rob people , and take hostages . '' 
 `` hostages ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` what on earth for ? '' 
 neither one of them answered . 
 i made a frustrated sound . 
 `` i 'm not a two-year-old ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` they also murder people , '' duke said grimly . 
 `` murder ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 `` yes , bella , money is a very powerful motive to kill . '' 
 `` they live on this island-on that side-because it 's unchartered . 
 because no one would look for them there . 
 they literally commit their crimes and then come back here to hide , '' duke told us . 
 `` it 's the perfect setup , '' i whispered , totally appalled . 
 `` we need to get off this island , '' nash said . 
 `` if only one of those boats had been salvageable , we could sail away . '' 
 we fell into silence , but it was n't particularly comfortable . 
 it was more ominous . 
 i kind of wished we did n't know what was over there . 
 then i would n't be so scared . 
 i sat down by the water 's edge and plunged my feet into the cool liquid . 
 it felt so good against my flushed skin . 
 all that running had made my legs shaky and my body overheated . 
 i stared out at the water , thinking about going for a swim to cool off . 
 then i thought about this morning when i was in the water ... with nash . 
 i shook my head , disgusted with myself . 
 how could i think about sex when murdering pirates were on the loose ? 
 clearly my priorities were not what they should be . 
 i glanced over my shoulder at nash . 
 he looked back , spearing me with a heated look . 
 clearly his priorities were n't that great either . 
 but , in our defense , thinking about sex was a lot better than thinking about most everything else . 
 nash looked away . 
 `` can you stay with her ? '' 
 he asked duke . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i was about to argue about not needing a babysitter , but i stopped . 
 i did n't want to be left alone now . 
 even if i happened upon a johnny depp/captain jack sparrow lookalike , i would run away screaming -lrb- and we already know how horrible i am at running ; i might as well be a turtle trying to run in a puddle of peanut butter -rrb- . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` i 'm going to check the plane , make sure no one found it . '' 
 `` you should n't go alone , '' i said , starting to rise . 
 `` you 're not coming , '' he said , his voice hard and unforgiving . 
 geesh , rude much ? 
 duke sat down beside me , his feet joining mine in the water , as nash disappeared . 
 i sighed . 
 `` hey , there are n't any man-eating piranha 's in here , are there ? '' 
 `` if we see one , i 'll catch it for dinner , '' he said and then winked . 
 i laughed . 
 `` what 's the best thing about being here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` meeting you . '' 
 i actually blushed . 
 `` i am the prettiest girl on the island , '' i said confidently . 
 never mind i was likely the only girl on the island . 
 `` most definitely . '' 
 `` what 's the worst thing about being here ? '' 
 `` wanting to go home . '' 
 `` hey , '' i said softly , reaching out to place my hand over his . 
 `` we will get home . '' 
 he smiled sadly . 
 i guess for a guy who 's been trapped here for so long , hope did n't come as easy to him as it did to me . 
 he did n't say anything else . 
 instead , he flipped my hand over and studied my palm , moving his finger in slow circles over my skin . 
 little butterflies fluttered softly in my belly , and the water gently swooshed against my ankles as i moved my feet back and forth . 
 `` want to go swimming ? '' 
 i asked , trying to lighten the mood . 
 it bothered me to see him this way . 
 i wanted to see him smile . 
 i wanted him to be happy . 
 the corner of his lip pulled up . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i stood and tossed my yellow dress onto the shore , then jumped into the water and paddled around . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i called . 
 seconds later , duke jumped in-fully clothed-and met me in the center in just a few graceful strokes . 
 he swam so skillfully he barely made any ripples in the surface of the water . 
 `` you 're a good swimmer . '' 
 `` i 've always loved the water . '' 
 `` is that why you became a sailor ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he ducked under the water and then popped back up , shaking his head like a dog and spraying me with water droplets . 
 i laughed and splashed him back . 
 he growled and i squealed , lunging away , farther into the water . 
 he gave chase , but i knew that he was letting me get away . 
 because he was such a strong swimmer , he would have caught me easily if he wanted to . 
 it did n't take long for me to get tired -lrb- clearly , athletics are not my strong suit -rrb- , and i slowed down , treading water near the tumbling waterfall . 
 from this angle , it looked like it fell right from the sky and plunged into the water , creating bubbles and a thin layer of white foam over the surface . 
 `` you ever been on the inside of a waterfall ? '' 
 duke whispered from right behind me . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` come on , '' he said and pushed away , swimming right through the curtain of water . 
 i followed , a little surprised that the water falling down was colder than the water we were swimming in . 
 behind the falls was almost like a secret cove . 
 the lighting was much dimmer here , the ripples in the surface reflecting off the smooth rock walls inside . 
 moss grew over some of the surfaces here , softening the rock and giving everything the feel of a secret garden . 
 the sound of the falling water was n't as loud back here as i thought it would be . 
 it was like this little cove muffled the sound , kept too much from coming in so it could be a perfect spot for resting . 
 duke was sitting on a rock , staring at the curtain of water . 
 i swam over and he held out a hand , hoisting me up onto the slippery rock . 
 `` it 's pretty back here . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` i come here a lot to think . '' 
 `` i can see why . '' 
 `` i used to wish i had someone sitting here to share it with . '' 
 he looked over at me , his eyes like a chocolate molten cake , warm from the oven . 
 `` and here you are . '' 
 `` here i am , '' i declared , unable to look away . 
 his gaze was hungry , like he might devour me in two bites , but those two bites would be worth it because i would be the absolute best thing he ever tasted . 
 a drop of water rolled over my forehead , into the corner of my eye , and fell , like a single tear down my cheek . 
 duke captured it with his thumb and pulled it away , placing the same thumb into his mouth . 
 my eyes zeroed in on that thumb and the way his tongue caressed it , the way his lips sucked it . 
 he pulled the thumb out and ran it over my lower lip ; it was slightly moist from his saliva . 
 my heart thudded as he closed the distance between us . 
 his lips brushed over mine , a brief and gentle stroke . 
 then he pulled back and looked at me . 
 his eyes were swimming with desire , swimming with all kinds of longing and wonder . 
 he moved to kiss me again ; this time i knew it would be deeper . 
 this time i knew he would want to kiss me until our lungs seized and the need for oxygen pulled us apart . 
 i could n't . 
 `` ava ! '' 
 someone yelled from the other side of the falls . 
 i jerked away from duke as i heard a muffled curse , and then he yelled again . 
 `` ava ! '' 
 it was nash . 
 and he was worried . 
 i scrambled up , nearly slipping , and rushed to the side of the waterfall . 
 i leaned out , balancing against the rock . 
 `` nash ! '' 
 i called . 
 he turned swiftly when i called , his entire body sagging with relief . 
 he ran a hand through his hair , and his chest heaved . 
 then he dove way out into the water , swimming toward the waterfall with great purpose . 
 i sat back down beside duke just as nash popped up , giving his head a toss and wiping the water out of his eyes . 
 `` cool place , '' he said , looking around . 
 duke cleared his throat . 
 `` i should probably go , make sure my camp is still okay . '' 
 `` you should stay with us , '' i told him again . 
 i 'd offered many times , but he never agreed . 
 `` it would be safer if we all stayed together . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 i caught his arm . 
 `` think about it , '' i implored . 
 his eyes softened . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` see you in the morning ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'll bring you a coconut . '' 
 `` yum . '' 
 he walked to the edge of the rock and lifted his arms over his head , preparing to dive . 
 his wet shirt rode up , exposing a small portion of his lower back . 
 and the end of a thick scar . 
 i stared at it , wondering if the reason he did n't walk around shirtless like nash was because he was trying to keep something covered . 
 as i pondered that , he jumped into the water and swam away . 
 nash climbed onto the rock , taking duke 's spot . 
 `` he kissed you , did n't he ? '' 
 if there was any question that could pull my thoughts away from what i was thinking , it was that . 
 i made a sound . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 `` because if i was him , i would have brought you back here to kiss you . '' 
 i snorted but otherwise did n't reply . 
 `` did you kiss him back ? '' 
 he asked , all trace of arrogance and playfulness gone . 
 `` no , '' i whispered . 
 `` you interrupted . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 've got damn good timing . '' 
 he jumped into the water , swimming toward the falling water . 
 then he turned back . 
 `` you 're welcome , by the way . '' 
 `` and what do you think i need to thank you for ? '' 
 `` it would have been all kinds of awkward for him when you did n't kiss him back . '' 
 `` who says i would n't have kissed him back ? '' 
 i countered , lifting an eyebrow . 
 a few strokes and he was beside the rock . 
 he reached up and wrapped his hand around my ankle and slowly towed me forward . 
 i slid right into the water , but before i could plunge into its depths , he pinned me with his body . 
 my back arched against the rock and he leaned in close . 
 `` because he is n't me . '' 
 a shiver started at my feet and worked its way all the way up . 
 he looked smug . 
 `` i 'm cold . '' 
 i lied . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 he whispered , coming close-so close that i could feel his warm breath fan across my lips . 
 my tongue jetted out , moistening them , waiting for his kiss . 
 he did n't kiss me . 
 he swam away . 
 `` we better go , then . '' 
 i stared daggers at the back of his head and his laughter echoed around the cove . 
 he was standing on the shore when i swam up , and he helped me up , reaching down and scooping up my dress . 
 `` i want to show you something , '' he said , taking my hand . 
 he led us onto the darkened beach , walking across the sand , past the place where we had a bonfire . 
 i did n't pay attention to how far we walked because i was completely distracted by the moon . 
 it was perfectly round , huge , and the color of a russet sunset . 
 it was absolutely stunning . 
 the kind of sight that made me wish i had a camera because i knew i would never see it quite this beautiful again . 
 it was still rising , sitting just above the water , and it was so large and produced so much light i finally understood the term `` a moonlit night . '' 
 i never really got it at home . 
 yes , the moon came out , but it was never really bright enough to light the dark . 
 until now . 
 `` i 've never seen a more beautiful moon , '' i told him as we walked . 
 `` me either . '' 
 i could stare at it all night . 
 i wanted to commit it to memory , to never forget just how incredible it was . 
 a little while later , he pulled me closer to the trees and i looked at him , puzzled . 
 `` i have something for you , '' he said , pulling me around so the only place i could look was his beautiful moonlit face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i thought you deserved something special after the day we had . '' 
 i melted a little at his words , though it was n't really his words . 
 it was the consideration behind them . 
 the fact that he thought of me enough to want to make a craptastic day just a little bit better . 
 curiosity pulled at me and i smiled . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked softly , grasping me by the shoulders . 
 i nodded , squeezing my eyes shut with anticipation . 
 he spun me around . 
 i opened my eyes and looked . 
 16 it was swaying lightly in the breeze and was big enough for two . 
 i smiled . 
 `` where in the world did you find a hammock ? '' 
 `` the other side of the island . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` do you think they will notice it 's gone ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it was in that boat with all the rope and the tarps . 
 it was buried at the bottom . '' 
 `` i love it . '' 
 now we really could stare at the moon all night . 
 `` when did you do this ? '' 
 `` when you were in the cove , kissing duke . '' 
 he teased . 
 but it was n't a joke , not to me . 
 `` nash , '' i whispered , touching his cheek . 
 trying to find the words . 
 i was n't even sure what i wanted to say . 
 `` i was only kidding , bella , '' he soothed , pulling me closer . 
 both of us were still slightly damp from the water . 
 `` i know he 's interested . 
 i can see it every time he looks at you . '' 
 `` are you jealous ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` he 's jealous of me . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 i murmured , looping my hands around his neck and playing with the ends of his hair . 
 `` because i 'm the one with you right now . 
 i 'm the one who 's going to steal away your heart . '' 
 `` confident , '' i replied , trying to play it cool , even though deep down inside i was sweltering . 
 my heart was definitely considering a leap into his hands . 
 `` not confident , '' he murmured , finally brushing a kiss across my lips . 
 `` certain . '' 
 i let him have the last say . 
 i was done bantering . 
 i wanted his lips upon mine . 
 he gave me a deep kiss , his tongue massaging against mine , and then he pulled me backward toward the hammock . 
 he was the first one in , leaving one foot firmly planted on the ground as he opened his arms up to me , inviting me into the little swing . 
 i snuggled up along his side and he lifted his leg , wrapping it around my legs and setting the hammock to a gentle swaying motion . 
 i sighed as the cool ocean air flirted with my skin , the sound of the surf lulled my body into a boneless position , and the moon stood watch over the night . 
 nash played with my hair , pulling his fingers through it all the way until they cleared the long strands , and then he would start all over again . 
 i curled my fingers into his chest , snuggling as close as i could against him . 
 if i could have found a way inside him , i would already be there . 
 eventually his hands drifted away from my hair and traveled down my body , grazing the side of my breast . 
 i was already wound tight , still worked up from the night before , and i groaned , arching into his hand farther . 
 `` you like that ? '' 
 he murmured , stroking me again . 
 `` mmmm . '' 
 the next thing i knew , my top was gone and i was lying flat against the hammock as he stared down at me with passion-laden eyes . 
 he kissed me deeply , his tongue taking over the inside of my mouth . 
 i was completely breathless when he pulled away , his lips closing over my puckered nipple and gently sucking at it while he made tiny growling sounds that vibrated my entire breast . 
 i grabbed his head , holding it to me , not wanting him to stop , needing more of his lavishing attention . 
 he moved on to the other breast , stopping in the hollow between them , licking the skin and then blowing on the wet flesh . 
 i shuddered and began to writhe below him . 
 he rocked his hips forward and i felt the rock-hard length of him . 
 immediately , i spread my legs , wrapping them around his waist and locking him into position . 
 the hammock swayed as we dry-humped each other until i literally ached with need . 
 when he pulled back , my entire body was shaking , shaking so badly that my teeth were chattering . 
 `` are you cold , bella ? '' 
 he asked , concerned . 
 `` no . '' 
 i reached up to the button on his shorts . 
 `` we were interrupted last night , '' i said , releasing the closure . 
 `` we were . '' 
 `` i still want to see you . '' 
 we moved so he was lying on his back and i was lying along his side , my breasts brushing up against him . 
 eagerly , i slid down his zipper , guiding it past the large bulge in his shorts . 
 he was n't wearing any underwear . 
 the only other time i ever looked at a man 's privates was the one time i had sex-but that time had been in the dark , it had been very quick , and i certainly had n't been presented with it the way i was now , and even though it was dark , the oversized moon shed just enough light for my hungry , curious eyes to explore . 
 he was larger than i expected . 
 and it looked silky smooth , the skin pulled taut over a member that seemed to be reaching for me . 
 suddenly , i wanted all the fabric away . 
 i did n't want his shorts anywhere near his body . 
 and i tugged at them , making a frustrated sound . 
 he chuckled and reached beneath him , pulling something out and quickly dropping it beneath the hammock . 
 i barely paid attention . 
 my eyes never left his manhood . 
 my hands begged to touch him . 
 nash helped me pull off his shorts and he kicked them out of the hammock , where they landed in the sand . 
 finally , he was completely bare . 
 finally , i could look at him the way i truly wanted . 
 `` just your heated gaze is enough to make me come , '' he murmured as he reached out and stroked my nipple . 
 but i was n't only going to look . 
 tentatively , i reached out to touch him with a single finger , trailing down to the base . 
 he shuddered . 
 my eyes snapped up to his face , but he was n't looking at me . 
 his eyes were closed . 
 feeling a little bolder , i continued down , cupping his warm balls in my palm . 
 the skin here felt a little different , a little less smooth , a little thinner , but it was n't a bad feeling . 
 i kneaded the round globes that rested just between his thighs , rolling them around gently in my hand while the other came up and wrapped around the base of his erection . 
 he groaned and i smiled . 
 i moved my hand up and down along the length of him , enamored by the reactions i got whenever i touched him certain ways . 
 his skin was utterly soft , almost like velvet , and i could n't get enough of exploring him . 
 i encircled my thumb and forefinger around the tip , noting the way it got a little wider at the top , squeezing just a little . 
 he jerked in my hand , his stomach muscles contracting at my touch . 
 a small bead of moisture formed at the very top and i glanced up at him , a new desire forming in my mind . 
 his head was tilted back and i could n't read his expression , so i scooted just a little closer , my face right in his pelvic area , my feet hanging off the hammock , and i wrapped my lips around his hardness . 
 he tasted slightly salty and tangy . 
 i licked at him like he was a giant lollipop and his hands grabbed the back of my head , his fingers digging into my scalp . 
 his hips thrust forward , and i took him deep into my throat . 
 he groaned . 
 as i moved my head back and forth , i cupped his balls again and massaged them gently . 
 too soon , he reached down and pulled me away . 
 i looked up , afraid i 'd done something wrong , or maybe i 'd been too overzealous and hurt him . 
 `` nash , '' i whispered , my voice deep and husky . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 `` no , baby , you definitely did n't hurt me , '' he replied , carefully moving us so he was on top of me . 
 i loved the feel of him over me , like i was small and protected , caged in by him . 
 his weight bore down as he brushed the hair away from my face . 
 his lips grazed my cheek when he whispered , `` ava , i want to make love to you . '' 
 `` i want that too , '' i whispered back . 
 like he 'd done it a hundred times before , he untied the strings on my bikini bottoms and tossed them away in the sand . 
 he fitted himself between my legs , resting there . 
 his long , hard length pressed against my core , resting right along my folds , the very tip of him sliding against my clitoris and making it hard for me to breathe . 
 just when i thought my desire could n't be any stronger , a new hunger swept through me . 
 he kissed me , a fiery kiss that scorched my skin , scorched my insides . 
 it scorched my heart . 
 `` i 'll stop , '' he reminded me , pulling back just slightly . 
 `` you can change your mind . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i reached up and ran the backs of my fingers down his incredible face . 
 his eyes deepened and fluttered closed . 
 `` i want this . 
 i want you . '' 
 he 'd already made me feel so much that i wanted more ; i wanted to see what else he could give me . 
 `` i do n't have any condoms . 
 i did n't exactly prepare for this , '' he said , a hint of regret in his voice . 
 `` i 'm on the pill , '' i said as he kissed my nose , my cheek , and the corner of my lip . 
 he took my face in his hands and looked into my eyes . 
 `` i 've never had sex without a condom before . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 he started kissing me again , deep , long kisses that had my hips searching for him as he moved against me but never slid inside . 
 just when i thought i was going to go mad with need , he plunged in , one long , quick stroke . 
 i opened my mouth , but no sound came out . 
 i felt my body stretch out around him , hugging him tightly and welcoming him inside . 
 he cursed softly , burying his face in my neck and holding himself still . 
 i wanted him to move . 
 i rocked my hips , the movement sending shivers across his skin . 
 he moaned in my ear and then rose up , pulling back and then plunging in again . 
 the hammock began to rock . 
 the rope he used to tie it to the trees made a groaning sound as it rubbed against the trunk . 
 he did n't seem to notice , but pulled out and plunged into me again . 
 my body arched up as pleasure shot through me . 
 we proved to be too much for the hammock and it tipped , dumping us out . 
 in the fall , nash managed to wrap me in his arms and turn so he landed first and broke my fall . 
 i gasped and pushed off of him . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he groaned and grabbed my hips . 
 i noticed then that i was straddling him , that he was still rock hard and he was pressing against me . 
 i rocked against him , sliding along his pubic area . 
 he moaned . 
 i rocked up , leaving some space between us , and his penis stood up , presenting the perfect opportunity for me to slide my body down over it . 
 tiny waves of ecstasy rolled over me . 
 the angle of him was different ; the feel of him was stunning . 
 i bucked my hips slowly , like i was sitting on a mechanical bull . 
 my entire core was against him ; every inch of me was in contact with him . 
 the friction of the short , rough curls on both our bodies drove me wild as we moved together . 
 little sounds erupted from my throat and chest . 
 it was like i could n't possibly get enough of him . 
 oh , i definitely was n't broken . 
 this was unbelievable . 
 this was more than i ever thought possible . 
 it was like my body was no longer my own . 
 but it was ours . 
 we moved as one . 
 we breathed as one . 
 we rose to the very pinnacle of pleasure as one . 
 i bent at the waist , bringing my chest up against his , and he wrapped his arms around me , anchoring me to him and then he started moving . 
 up until this point , i had set the pace ; i had moved atop him with single-minded precision . 
 but now he was taking control once more ... he was holding me close and hammering into me , our hips banging together as pressure built inside me . 
 `` come with me , bella , '' he said and rocked upward , rubbing his pelvis against my super-sensitive clit while diving deep inside my body . 
 we both exploded . 
 everything fell away , everything but the ecstasy . 
 everything else around us was completely lost . 
 i do n't know how long we floated , how long we lay there joined together . 
 eventually , he lifted me up like a ragdoll , and i hung limply above his body . 
 he chuckled and kissed my forehead . 
 he kissed each of my eyelids , and then he sighed . 
 `` mi adoro , '' he spoke in spanish . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked , not bothering to lift my head off his chest . 
 `` that i adore you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 17 i felt my heartbeat against my chest . 
 it was a slow and steady rhythm , kind of lethargic and lazy . 
 but that was because i was barely breathing . 
 i was holding my breath . 
 he was touching me . 
 his fingers drifted over my skin like a breeze on a summer day . 
 it was a feather-light caress that never ended because he did n't lift his hands . 
 it started at my collarbone and drifted out across my shoulders and then descended downward until he hooked his fingers around my elbow , brushing against the sensitive spot on the inside of my arm . 
 downward he traveled until his fingers pulled away from mine to hover just barely over the tops of my thighs . 
 then his direction reversed , climbing upward so the slightly rough pads of his fingers traced the outline of my belly button and then dragged over my ribcage . 
 tiny shivers raced up and down my spine , creating goose bumps that scattered over my scalp and caused my eyes to flutter closed . 
 his hands splayed my waist , gripping my flesh and pulling me closer , but he did n't kiss me . 
 he buried his face inside my neck and used his tongue to wet a circle of tender skin , then pulled back slightly to blow across the area . 
 i shuddered . 
 my body started to arch into him , but something caught my arm , something large and warm . 
 it wrapped around my bicep in a possessive manner , causing my head to turn and cast a glance in the direction i was being pulled . 
 my heartbeat accelerated instantly . 
 the lethargic rhythm was chased away by a shot of adrenaline so pure that i could taste it on my tongue . 
 he yanked me away from the teasing , gentle caresses and cupped my face in his palm , lowering his lips toward mine . 
 excitement crackled along my nerve endings and my tongue jutted out to moisten my lips . 
 just as he was about to claim my kiss , i was yanked away again , this time by the one who had me first . 
 i cast a look to my left at green eyes flashing with possession and then once again to my right where chocolate eyes gleamed with jealousy . 
 i was caught in the middle of two very enticing choices . 
 a choice that i did n't want to make . 
 brown eyes stepped closer , his body brushing against the entire length of my arm . 
 he reached out and pushed the hair back over my shoulder , exposing the side of my face . 
 he leaned down and captured my earlobe between his teeth and sucked it into his mouth . 
 the gentle suckling sounds that whispered through my ear loosened something deep inside me . 
 i turned my head toward him , not wanting him to stop . 
 but green-eyes was not to be cast aside . 
 his palm covered my breast , gently kneading the area and causing my hardening nipple to brush against the smooth fabric of my bikini top . 
 and then his mouth was on my neck , pulling the skin into his mouth and massaging it with his tongue . 
 two mouths ... two sets of hands ... and my single body . 
 i was n't sure who to touch , who to grab , but i did n't want either of them to stop . 
 the sensation of being kissed in more than one place in a single moment made a moan escape from my lips . 
 my fingers began to twitch , wanting to elicit shivers of their own . 
 as my hands lifted away from my sides , i vaguely wondered who they would reach for first ... my eyes shot open . 
 i stared up at the dark summer sky and drew in a long , shaky breath . 
 holy crap . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 a threesome ... that 's what that was . 
 never had i ever imagined myself and two guys getting it on at the same time . 
 i might have been embarrassed if my body was n't so incredibly turned on . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut as images taunted me , teased my mind and my body . 
 nash in front of me , duke behind . 
 neither wanted the other one there , but no one would walk away . 
 the ava man-wich had turned into the ava buffet . 
 thoroughly disturbed , i turned my head and looked at nash , who was lying right beside me , looking peaceful in his sleep . 
 how could i have a dream like that ? 
 how could i betray him that way ? 
 and that 's what it felt like . 
 a betrayal . 
 i pushed up and walked quietly away , toward the water , where i stood , letting the surf rush over my feet and the wind tangle my hair . 
 the moon was much higher now ; the night seemed darker . 
 but i did n't mind . 
 i felt like hiding . 
 hiding from myself , that dream ... my desires . 
 maybe it was just stress . 
 this was n't exactly an easy situation . 
 added to the fact i practically lost my virginity -lrb- well , the actual first time clearly did n't count ; i mean geesh , nash made me feel more when he just looked at me -rrb- a few hours ago , well , maybe that dream was n't as unsettling as i thought it should be . 
 a wave of homesickness swept over me , so strong that it hurt . 
 i missed my family , my tiny apartment . 
 i missed hunting for a new job , i missed worrying about paying the rent , and i even missed those annoying friday night dinners when my family would ask me what i was going to do with my life . 
 being here with everything essentially taken away made things seem clearer . 
 it opened my eyes to facts i might not have wanted to see before . 
 i was living my life in limbo-suspended between living and drifting . 
 and it was all because i was scared . 
 what if i put myself out there like i did with my ex , like i did with my last job , only to have it blow up in my face again ? 
 for so long i felt like a complete failure . 
 a quitter . 
 i quit school . 
 i flitted between one job and the next . 
 i finally gave up my virginity only be dumped and ridiculed . 
 i finally committed to a job i liked , and i was let go because the economy sucked . 
 but i was still here . 
 i was still standing . 
 and now i was trapped on a deserted island with a guy i desperately wanted and a band of murdering pirates . 
 to top it off , i was having dreams ... dreams that were beginning to make sense . 
 well , sort of . 
 what if those dreams were just one more way my mind was trying to get in the way of something i wanted ? 
 trying to scare me away from getting too close to nash ? 
 `` ava ? '' 
 his voice drifted through the breeze and squeezed my heart . 
 i looked over my shoulder at nash , who was standing there with sleep-heavy features and messy hair . 
 he 'd pulled on his shorts but had n't bothered to button them or zip them up . 
 he came forward , wincing a little when his feet hit the cold water , but he did n't stop . 
 he wrapped his arms around me from behind and rested his chin on my shoulder . 
 `` you still having bad dreams ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to wake you , '' i said , avoiding the question . 
 how did you tell a guy you had a sex dream about him ... with another man ? 
 `` you can wake me anytime . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to my bare shoulder . 
 and then i realized ... `` i 'm still naked . '' 
 `` i know '' his voice turned husky . 
 `` i miss home . '' 
 `` i know . 
 me too . '' 
 `` it 's been almost a week . 
 do you think they 've given up ? '' 
 `` would you have given up by now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i searched deep within myself for the answer . 
 for the truth . 
 `` no . 
 if it was someone i loved , i would never give up . '' 
 `` they 're going to find us , bella . '' 
 `` i like when you call me that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you 're a know-it-all . '' 
 i felt his chest vibrate with silent laughter . 
 i brought up my hands to rest over his arms . 
 i did n't want to let go of him . 
 not ever . 
 conflicting thoughts swirled around my head . 
 finally , i sighed . 
 now was n't the time to think too deeply about the way i felt about nash . 
 besides , my heart already made up its mind . 
 it was just my head that was struggling . 
 when i first met him , my body 's response had been undeniable . 
 but my head ... my head reminded me that all guys were the same . 
 nash showed me differently . 
 he proved me wrong . 
 yet my head was still fighting against what my heart already knew . 
 `` what else is bothering you ? '' 
 he whispered , reading me all too well . 
 `` do you have regrets ? '' 
 i turned in his arms , tipping my head back and gazing up into his face . 
 `` i could never regret any of my time spent with you . '' 
 he kissed the tip of my nose . 
 `` that 's good . 
 i plan to take up a lot of your time . '' 
 he swung me up into his arms , cradling me against his torso and walking out of the water and back up the beach where he spread me out in the sand and came over me . 
 for the rest of the night , i did n't think at all . 
 18 i woke up to a strange yet familiar sound . 
 it was n't the waves . 
 it was n't the ocean breeze . 
 it was n't gunshots or drums ... it was a plane . 
 nash must have heard it too , and we both bolted up off the sand and rushed out by the water , staring at the sky and waving our arms frantically , trying to get the pilot 's attention . 
 but the plane was nowhere in sight . 
 yet we could both hear it . 
 it had to be nearby . 
 but where ? 
 `` we need a flare , '' nash said , frenzied . 
 `` we need the flare gun on the plane ! '' 
 we both took off running down the beach . 
 he ran so fast he went out of sight as i struggled to push through the sand , thoroughly disgusted with myself . 
 i kept glancing up at the sky , trying to catch just a glimpse of the aircraft , praying that it would n't turn and fly off , leaving us stranded once more . 
 when i finally reached the part of the beach where i could see our crashed plane , i rushed forward , wondering what on earth was taking nash so long . 
 as fast as he moved , i really expected to see the bright-red burn of a flare across the sky by now . 
 seconds dragged by . 
 he never reappeared . 
 the sound of the overhead aircraft faded away . 
 finally , nash came running out of the trees , the big flare gun clasped in his hand . 
 he had this wild look on his face . 
 the minute his feet touched the sand , he looked up into the sky . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he screamed , frustrated . 
 `` did you see the plane ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shook my head no . 
 `` grab up whatever you can find-wood , shells , whatever . 
 we 're going to write out s.o.s. in the sand . '' 
 i ran off to grab some of the partially burned wood left in the bonfire and some large palm fronds and driftwood lying around . 
 as i started to build the first s , nash came over beside me and yanked something out of his back pocket . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked as i worked . 
 `` make it big , '' he instructed , looking at my handiwork . 
 then he explained . 
 `` this is a smoke flare . '' 
 it was a long , red stick -lrb- probably would be better to call it a wand , but whatever -rrb- , and i watched as he ripped the top off and jammed it in his pocket . 
 then he pulled the cap off the top and stuck it on his finger like an oversized thimble . 
 he held the flare out and scrapped his covered finger over it once and it burst forward like the giant sparklers i used to play with on the fourth of july . 
 `` do n't look into the flame , '' he told me , and i looked away , starting to make the o . 
 when i ran out of supplies , i stood to get more , and i noticed the bright flames had gone out and there was now a deep rust-colored smoke funneling up into the sky , being caught up in the wind . 
 `` it 's too windy ! '' 
 i worried . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` smoke flares are designed to be seen from miles away and in the windiest conditions . 
 maybe it will attract that plane back . '' 
 it was certainly better than nothing . 
 i rushed forward to get some more supplies , but he grabbed my arm . 
 `` stay away from the plane . '' 
 the look in his eyes worried me , but i could only deal with one thing at a time so i nodded and then rushed around for more rocks and fallen branches . 
 when i came back , nash buried the end of the smoke flare in the sand -lrb- in the center of the letter o -rrb- , keeping it upright as smoke poured into the sky . 
 `` that 's going to attract their attention , '' i said , implying the pirates . 
 `` they already know we 're here , '' he said grimly . 
 he did n't say anything else as we finished the s.o.s signal , and my mind raced wildly , wondering what he meant . 
 at the same time , i listened to the plane , praying it would turn back . 
 please see the smoke . 
 the signal was done and the smoke was still gliding up above the ocean when nash grabbed my hand and pulled me along with him toward the hammock . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked , trying to hold in my freak-out and wondering how long it would last . 
 `` they know we 're here . '' 
 `` the pirates ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he nodded . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but they were in the plane . 
 they searched it . 
 they trashed it . '' 
 if my body was n't producing adrenaline before , it definitely was now . 
 `` they must have seen us yesterday . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it was damn good luck we spent the night in that hammock or we would have been there . '' 
 he actually shuddered , like the thought of that was absolutely repulsive . 
 `` how many do you think there are ? '' 
 `` way more than us . '' 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` stay out of sight , '' he said as we walked up to the hammock . 
 `` stay on the move . 
 pray that someone sees that smoke . '' 
 when we reached the hammock swaying gently in the breeze , he turned his back to me , reaching beneath the sand , and picked something up . 
 a memory of him pulling something out of his pants last night and putting it there drifted through my head . 
 i was n't curious what it was then . 
 i sure as hell was now . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he turned and showed me . 
 it was a gun . 
 a black pistol . 
 my mouth went dry . 
 my voice was hoarse when i spoke . 
 `` what happens if they find us , nash ? '' 
 `` we hope to god i have enough bullets . '' 
 19 i was beginning to think the universe had it out for us . 
 i mean , really . 
 first we nosedive from the sky , land on a deserted island , get stranded , and now there was an angry hoard of murdering pirates sulking around this island , searching for us . 
 this was officially the worst vacation ever . 
 only it was n't a vacation ... it had started out as a tribute to my grandmother . 
 i gasped and stopped walking , digging my feet into the sand . 
 nash swung around , his wide eyes searching everything in the immediate space around me . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` kiki ! '' 
 his mouth flattened in a grim line . 
 `` i 'm going back for her . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` your grandmother would not want you to risk your life for her . '' 
 `` what would you do ? '' 
 i asked quietly , leaning into him . 
 `` if that was your grandmother ? 
 if it was someone you loved ? '' 
 i saw the defeat in his eyes almost instantly . 
 `` do n't even try to stop me from doing what you would absolutely do . '' 
 i marched away , back toward the plane and the smoke-filled sky . 
 `` ava , '' he said , rushing to my side and pulling me close . 
 `` stay at my side . '' 
 `` do you think i 'm so defenseless ? '' 
 i asked , irritated . 
 i mean , yeah , i was n't going to be running any marathons -lrb- okay , fine , not even around the block -rrb- anytime soon , but i was far from helpless . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` look , i love that you 're so protective . 
 i actually really love it , even though it annoys the crap out of me sometimes , but you ca n't protect me from everything . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but this , this i have to protect you from . '' 
 `` what this ? '' 
 i asked , trying to see through the smoke toward the plane . 
 `` what do you think a group of known thieves and killers-a group of men-who live on an island with no law would do to a blond-haired , blue-eyed beauty like you ? '' 
 a vision of those chains and the dark crimson stain on the rocks flashed before me . 
 a vision of being locked in that tiny , gross shack assaulted me . 
 i ca n't even describe how terrified his words made me . 
 `` i 'm not trying to control you , bella , '' nash said gently , stroking a hand down my arm . 
 `` there 's only one of me and many of them . 
 i will fight to the death for you , but when i die , so does your protection . '' 
 a sob caught in my throat . 
 i was so overwhelmed with emotion , i stopped walking . 
 thick smoke wrapped around us , likely concealing us and this little stretch of beach where we stood . 
 he said he would die for me . 
 the thought of him dying literally made me feel like i had ice in my veins . 
 i threw my arms around him and buried my face in his neck . 
 `` please do n't die . '' 
 `` ahh , bella , i do n't have plans on doing that anytime soon . '' 
 i pulled back just inches so i could stare into his beautiful face . 
 a face that songs were written about . 
 `` i would rather take whatever those pirates did to me than let you die trying to keep me safe . 
 i would not trade my life for yours . 
 never . '' 
 he kissed me . 
 it was a hard kiss , the kind tinged with desperation and smoke . 
 his arms tightened so much that i thought my ribs might crack , but i did n't say anything because i was holding him just as hard . 
 he tore his mouth away and heaved a breath . 
 `` we have to go . 
 they 're going to come back when they see that smoke . 
 if we want to get kiki , we have to move . '' 
 i nodded . 
 he took my hand and together we ran the rest of the distance to the plane . 
 this time i kept up . 
 it was easier to run faster when you were running for your life . 
 and for the life of someone else . 
 we rushed along the side of the plane , ducking low -lrb- who knows why -rrb- and creeping around to the back end . 
 nash kept his body in front of mine at all times and peered into the plane before escorting me inside . 
 what once was a makeshift `` cozy '' home was now a complete disaster . 
 the poor plane had not only seen a crash , but now a crowd of vile criminals and was down for the count . 
 all the windows were bashed out , including what was left of the windshield . 
 all the controls in the cockpit were smashed and destroyed . 
 my suitcase was overturned . 
 shampoo was poured on the floor ; my clothes were ripped and scattered about . 
 all the fruit was squished ; the newly smashed food drew flies like a pile of manure . 
 the chairs were slashed , and all the water was dumped out . 
 i blinked , trying not to focus on the mess , but concentrate on the reason we were here . 
 kiki . 
 my grandmother 's ashes were the most important thing i had here . 
 i could n't lose them . 
 we searched . 
 we searched everywhere . 
 i started to cry . 
 big , fat silent tears that i could n't stop but did n't want nash to see . 
 i was still searching frantically , still pawing through the mess , when i felt his hand rest on my shoulder . 
 i knew what that hand meant . 
 i knew exactly . 
 `` no , '' i groaned . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` it 's not here , bella , '' he said gently . 
 `` who would do that ? 
 who would steal what was left of someone 's body ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` monsters , '' he said , pulling me up and hooking an arm around my waist . 
 `` we got ta go . 
 we 've been here too long . '' 
 there was n't anything else i could do but let him lead me away . 
 i knew i would never see this plane again . 
 maybe because we would make it home . 
 maybe because we would n't . 
 i really did n't know . 
 but i did know the chances of us dying here were bigger than the chances of us leaving . 
 we hopped out of the plane , and he wrapped his arm around me again . 
 `` let 's stay in the trees . 
 they offer more coverage . '' 
 we walked to where the mangos grew . 
 nash loaded some in his cargo pockets and i carried a few in my hands . 
 i wished i was n't wearing this stupid dress . 
 i needed pockets . 
 instead , i held up the hem like a basket and dropped in the fruit . 
 i could have sworn i caught nash looking at my legs . 
 but surely he was n't looking at something like that at a time like this . 
 well , okay , he was a guy . 
 once we gathered all we could carry , he glanced up toward the sky . 
 `` we need to find some sort of shelter or a place to hide . 
 it 's going to get dark and they will have an advantage . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` because they know this island . 
 a lot better than we do . 
 they 'll probably still search , even in the night . '' 
 `` where will we go ? '' 
 i frowned , searching my mind for a place we might have seen where we could hide . 
 `` i have an idea , '' he said , taking my hand and leading me back the way we came . 
 we circled around a few times . 
 we passed the same flowers several times . 
 i knew we were n't lost . 
 he was making sure we were n't being followed , that no one was watching . 
 finally , we came close to the lagoon . 
 nash picked up a couple rocks and threw them one at a time into the water , each one of them making a distinct plopping sound . 
 after that , we stood , for what felt like days , and waited . 
 we waited and we watched , nerves stirring inside me that someone was there , that the noise he made would draw out some dirty scoundrel with dreadlocks . 
 no one came . 
 there were no sounds but the birds and wildlife . 
 none of it ever paused or drew quiet . 
 i took that as a positive sign . 
 surely , the wildlife would cease to make noise if danger were around . 
 right ? 
 or was that just in movies ? 
 when i got home , i was not only taking up running , but i was going to learn about survival-aka : how not to die . 
 `` c'mon , '' he said , leading us out of the protection of the foliage and over to the water . 
 he pressed his finger to his lips and then slipped into the water quietly . 
 he motioned for me to follow so i did , holding close the little bunch of mangos . 
 we moved slowly . 
 it was hard to tread with only one arm , but i did it because losing our only food was not an option . 
 the entire time we swam , i kept a constant watch on the edges of the water . 
 every sound , every echo in the air caused my heart to pound and my body to tighten . 
 if someone showed up now ... we would be sitting ducks . 
 nash did the same thing , swimming quietly with one arm , holding the pistol and the flare gun up out of the water . 
 finally , we reached the waterfall and he went around to the very edge and slipped around it , hunching over the guns to keep them as dry as he could . 
 i waited cautiously on the other side until i heard his whisper that all was safe . 
 i swam to the rock where nash was already sitting . 
 he reached into the water and yanked me up , draping my exhausted body over the slippery wet surface . 
 i dumped the fruit toward the back and stifled a cough , leaning up against the back of the little cove . 
 nash squeezed in beside me , placing the guns as far from the water as he could . 
 `` did they get wet ? '' 
 `` only a little . 
 i think they 'll still work . '' 
 `` this is a good place to hide . '' 
 `` it keeps our backs safe . 
 now we only have to watch one direction , and the water makes a good shield and it will muffle any sounds we make . '' 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he handed me a mango . 
 `` we eat . 
 we sleep and we wait for morning . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` and then we hope the plane comes back . 
 if it does n't , we 're going to have to figure out something else . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` maybe we can make one of those boats work . '' 
 `` maybe we could sneak onto the pirates ' boat and take that one . '' 
 `` maybe , '' he echoed . 
 we ate in silence . 
 my body was starved , but i was n't hungry at all . 
 night fell , and inside the little cove seemed darker than any place i 'd ever been . 
 there was no light here at all because the moon and the stars had no way of getting in . 
 i could barely see two feet in front of me except for the movement of the water , which sometimes looked a little silver in the dark . 
 with the darkness came the cold . 
 we were inside a dark , damp place that the sun never touched , so it never held any heat . 
 the cold seemed to seep into my skin and go straight for my bones . 
 i tucked my hands between my thighs , squeezing them tightly together , and tried to keep them from shaking . 
 nash reached for me in the dark , pulling me between his legs , pulling his in , tucking them around me . 
 then he wrapped his arms around my chest , literally wrapping himself around my body . 
 he was warmer and the warmth made me moan a little . 
 he rested his chin on my shoulder and we sat there together just breathing . 
 my eyes began to grow heavy and every now and then , i would catch myself nodding off to sleep and i would jerk awake , trying not to give in to my body 's needs . 
 `` go to sleep , bella , '' he murmured . 
 `` i 'll keep watch for a while . '' 
 `` you ca n't stay awake all night . '' 
 `` once i 'm sure it 's safe , i 'll go to sleep too . '' 
 `` do n't let go , '' i whispered . 
 his grip tightened . 
 20 it was still dark when i woke up . 
 i was n't sure what caused me to wake , but judging from the fact that my butt was completely asleep and felt like it was being stabbed by a thousand tiny needles , i figured it was because i sat too long in the same position . 
 i was still sitting with nash , but he was sprawled backward , leaning up against the rock , and one of his legs was under mine and we were sort of tangled up in each other . 
 but not in a sexual way . 
 in a your body will make you pay for this later way . 
 i slowly eased away from nash and stood , stretching out my arms and back and trying not to grit my teeth against the sting in my rump . 
 my clothes were still damp and it was n't too comfortable , and my hair felt like a tangled mess . 
 a day at the spa sounded like heaven right then . 
 maybe if i closed my eyes and pretended i was there ... `` ava ? 
 are you back there ? '' 
 my eyes popped open . 
 was someone talking ? 
 i glanced around at nash . 
 he was still sleeping . 
 his position was horrible . 
 his butt was going to be sore tomorrow . 
 `` ava ? '' 
 `` duke ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 i looked through the waterfall , but all i could see was darkness . 
 i was afraid to call out , afraid that it was n't actually him . 
 what if my ears were playing tricks on me ? 
 what if it was the pirates ? 
 what if they were trying to lure me into giving away our position ? 
 i stood there and listened for a long time . 
 i thought about waking up nash , but i could n't do it . 
 he had to be exhausted . 
 i knew he was worried about being here ... about me being vulnerable . 
 he needed the sleep . 
 so did i. who knew what tomorrow would bring ? 
 i moved back over to sit down once more when i heard another sound . 
 it sounded like a low moan or a cry of pain . 
 i moved to the side , trying to see around the water . 
 i caught a little bit of movement near the shore . 
 i grabbed the gun off the ground and held it up to my chest , knowing i would use it if i had too but knowing i would be a terrible shot . 
 it would be a waste of good bullets . 
 i sucked in a deep , nervous breath . 
 `` duke ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's me . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm hurt ... i need a place to hide . 
 i need help . '' 
 concern for his well-being had me stepping forward , but i stopped . 
 `` how 'd you get hurt ? '' 
 `` they found me ... '' his voice trailed away . 
 `` i got away ... '' he fell silent . 
 i waited for him to speak again . 
 he did n't . 
 `` duke ? '' 
 `` can i come over there ? '' 
 he asked , his voice low and strained . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i certainly would n't deny him help . 
 after all , he had helped us . 
 i heard a light splash and the sound of him moving through the water . 
 he swam close enough that i could make out the shape of him just on the other side of the fall . 
 when i thought he would come through , he did n't . 
 he stopped moving . 
 he seemed to bob in the water , sinking low and then reappearing . 
 `` duke ? '' 
 `` tired , '' he said and went under again . 
 how injured was he ? 
 was he so hurt that he was going to drown tying to get to safety ? 
 i slipped into the water , swimming toward the falls where i could just make out his shape . 
 `` grab my hand , '' i told him , reaching through the chilly curtain of water , extending my fingers to him . 
 `` thank you , '' he murmured , and i felt him grasp me . 
 i went to pull him in , but he was too heavy . 
 his hand started to slip away . 
 he grasped me at the last second and i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 he tugged , trying to get a better grip . 
 more of my body slipped beneath the water . 
 `` swim closer , '' i told him , struggling to keep afloat . 
 all of a sudden , his hold on me turned forceful . 
 the bones in my fingers screamed for relief . 
 i opened my mouth to call out , to tell him he was hurting me , but i was yanked through the water , rewarded with a mouth and nose full . 
 i tried to pull away . 
 he would n't let go . 
 he yanked me right up against him ... and then he shoved me under . 
 water enveloped me like a thick , dark blanket . 
 it pulled me in the wrong direction , and i tried to push up ... but he was holding me down . 
 he was trying to drown me . 
 i was n't going to drown . 
 i had n't survived everything just to let someone kill me in a split second just feet from nash . 
 if i died while he was sleeping , he would never forgive himself . 
 i started to fight . 
 to thrash around in the water . 
 my knee connected with something soft and he tensed , his grip loosening . 
 i slid away , my head breaking free of the surface . 
 i gasped for much needed air and then called for nash . 
 he yanked me back under again . 
 he placed his hands on my shoulders and shoved me under . 
 i felt bubbles release from my mouth and nose . 
 my lungs began to burn . 
 it was beyond painful . 
 i wanted to breathe . 
 my body had the intense urge to suck in ... but that would only fill my lungs with water . 
 something heavy plunged into the water behind me and a swell of waves rocked my body , pulling me from under duke . 
 but he grabbed me back , his fingers digging into my shoulders . 
 my thinking started to grow dim , my brain fuzzy . 
 there was a commotion in the water ... probably one of those man-eating piranha 's come to make me its dinner . 
 the heavy weight of the water was suddenly lifted . 
 oxygen teased my nose and i began to cough . 
 something was towing me through the water with purpose , with a strong grip . 
 he lifted me up onto the rock , flinging back my body , and my limbs worked to scramble up , but they were weak . 
 he cursed , a naughty four-letter word , and then i slid back in the water for a few long seconds while he sprang out and then towed me up . 
 `` ava , '' nash said urgently . 
 his hands tapped my face . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 i coughed again , a little water trickling out of my mouth , and he sat me up , supporting my body with his weight . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he said he was hurt , '' i whispered . 
 `` i was trying to help him . '' 
 nash swore again . 
 `` we ca n't stay here now . 
 he knows where we are . 
 we 're sitting ducks . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said pitifully . 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 this is n't your fault . '' 
 underneath his soothing tone was a voice of steel . 
 he was angry . 
 thankfully his anger was directed at duke and not me . 
 i coughed again , trying hard to muffle the sound . 
 i was so confused . 
 part of me wondered if maybe duke 's behavior was an accident . 
 if maybe he was so injured he fell into the water and pulled me with him , unable to help either of us . 
 but i 'd felt his hands on my shoulders . 
 i felt him holding me under . 
 why would he do that ? 
 i thought we were friends . 
 i began to shake , cold seeping into my wet body . 
 nash pulled me closer , wrapping his arms around me . 
 `` daylight ca n't be long now . 
 feels like we 've been in this cave forever , '' he murmured , rubbing warmth up and down my arms . 
 `` i think we should wait it out 'til light . 
 us leaving now would only put them at an advantage . 
 it 's dark . 
 i do n't know if he was alone . 
 daylight will allow us to at least see what we 're dealing with . '' 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 i asked pathetically . 
 `` i do n't know , bella . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 and so we sat there-wet , cold , and alert-wondering what the hell awaited us when the sun finally rose . 
 21 gray-ish first light of day began to seep through the screen of water , chasing away the deepest of the darkness and bringing some semblance of comfort . 
 i knew we were still in grave danger . 
 i knew there were things going on here that we knew nothing about . 
 yet there was a sort of security in the daylight-even the palest of day-that made things seem just tiny bit more manageable . 
 my body was stiff . 
 my joints ached from sitting cold and tense the entire night . 
 nash had barely moved , keeping himself tucked around me like some professional bodyguard hell-bent on keeping his charge alive . 
 and i knew that if it was n't for him , i would already be dead . 
 i would have been dead three times over by now . 
 i owed him my life . 
 i wanted to give him my heart . 
 `` i think this was the longest night of my entire life , '' he said gruffly , right next to my ear . 
 `` it must still be early , '' i whispered . 
 `` i have n't heard any movement outside . 
 have you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he moved , sitting back a little , reaching behind us , and then a mango appeared under my nose . 
 `` breakfast is served . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can eat . '' 
 `` take it , '' he said , pushing it toward me . 
 `` do n't know when the next meal will be . '' 
 i took it and ate . 
 he was right . 
 a distant rumble had me looking up , toward the sky i could n't see . 
 `` was that thunder ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` it would rain right now . '' 
 `` maybe we should stay here . '' 
 `` we need to move . 
 i do n't know what duke is planning . 
 he could lead the pirates right to us . '' 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 `` that 's the million-dollar question . '' 
 `` where will we go ? '' 
 `` i 've been thinking about that , '' he said , picking up another mango and sinking his teeth into the flesh . 
 `` i think we should move toward the other side of the island . '' 
 `` you want to go closer to the enemy ? '' 
 he paused in chewing and looked at me , his eyes warming a little . 
 `` look at you talking like we 're in a spy movie . '' 
 `` this only happens to people in the movies . '' 
 he grinned . 
 for a moment , things felt normal . 
 they felt relaxed . 
 then reality came back . 
 rain broke through the sky with another clap of thunder , and heavy , insistent drops began pounding the water beyond the falls . 
 they hit against the rocks overhead and plopped in the lagoon , setting the water to waving . 
 the sound of the rain was so heavy that it almost drowned out the waterfall , and the thunder continued to roll . 
 maybe it was later than we thought ; maybe the sky was just gray with the storm . 
 `` anyway , '' nash said , ignoring the storm and throwing the pit of the mango into the water . 
 `` they wo n't be expecting us to come closer . 
 they will expect us to try and get away . '' 
 i nodded slowly , seeing the logic behind his words . 
 `` they will likely be scouring the island for us . 
 maybe there wo n't be many of them left at their camp . 
 i think if we want an opportunity to take their boat-or one of the other ones , now is the time to do it . '' 
 he was right , of course . 
 the longer we waited , the weaker we became . 
 eventually those pirates were going to completely drive us away from this water source . 
 we would grow weak from dehydration ... we would grow tired from running , exhausted from lack of sleep . 
 if we were going to escape , now was the time to do it . 
 `` let 's do it , '' i said . 
 `` we 're going to be very vulnerable in the water , trying to get to shore . 
 can you swim underwater , hold your breath ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm going to go first . 
 i 'll wait on the shore for you . 
 swim as far as you can beneath the water , out of sight . 
 when you reach the shore , i 'll pull you up . 
 be ready to run . 
 we 'll go for cover and then stop to make sure we are n't being followed . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to do the same . '' 
 i watched him tuck the flare gun into a cargo pocket on his shorts . 
 `` can that get wet ? '' 
 `` i hope the hell so . 
 it should still work . '' 
 `` what about the pistol ? '' 
 he looked grim . 
 `` that ca n't get wet . 
 i 'll try to keep it dry . '' 
 `` be careful , '' i whispered as he lowered himself in the water and reached for the pistol , holding it high over his head . 
 we did n't say anything else as he eased around the edge of the waterfall , trying to shield the gun from the worst of the water . 
 i slid into the water and swam to just behind the falling drops , fastening my eyes on nash . 
 he swam out a little ways and then he chucked the gun . 
 he literally threw it onto the shore . 
 i listened for the sound of it blasting . 
 i cringed at the thought of it giving us away . 
 but it landed with a silent thud and did n't go off . 
 nash slipped below the surface of the water and completely disappeared from sight . 
 the rain made it impossible to see any ripples he might have made as he swam . 
 it seemed like forever when i saw his head resurface as he pushed up on shore . 
 i wasted no time , taking a deep breath and going under the water . 
 i tried really hard not to be creeped out by the dark , cold water . 
 i kept my eyes tightly shut , not wanting to see if there was anything swimming around in here with me . 
 just when i started to feel like i needed air , something reached into the water and pulled me up . 
 my first thought was to fight , but i recognized that touch . 
 i trusted it . 
 nash hauled me out of the water and we took off , into the coverage of trees , and ducked behind giant palm fronds dripping with rainwater . 
 `` i ca n't believe that worked , '' nash said , a rueful smile playing on his lips . 
 `` you mean you thought we would get caught ? '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders sheepishly . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 men . 
 `` last time , we went sort of around the island , in an arc . 
 this time let 's cut straight across , '' he said , keeping his voice low . 
 we waited for what felt like forever as we watched the surrounding area for signs of pirates . 
 for signs of duke . 
 `` where do you think he went ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i hope the bastard drowned . '' 
 i glanced at him . 
 `` i hit him hard enough . 
 i hope he blacked out and sank to the bottom of that lagoon . 
 he 'll feed the fish for weeks . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 i was almost fish food . 
 nash swore lightly and pulled me into his side . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was harsh . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever been so pissed . 
 waking up and seeing that douche bag trying to drown you . 
 i swear if he shows his face , i 'm going to shoot his ass . '' 
 `` i have n't seen anyone , have you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he took my hand . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 we moved through the island with a little more speed than a casual stroll . 
 the heavy rain made the ground slippery , but i managed to stay sort of dry . 
 the large leaves overhead acted like a makeshift umbrella , keeping the worst of the water at bay . 
 if we were n't on the run from people with nefarious and still unknown plans , the sound of the raindrops hitting the leaves would be lovely . 
 it was the kind of sound , the kind of day , that normally would make me want to curl up with a book and a blanket . 
 but there would be no reading today . 
 just running for our lives . 
 we walked for several hours , stopping every so often to duck into dense foliage , to drink a little bit of rainwater that gathered around the plants . 
 i began to wonder how much longer we had when voices carried through the rain . 
 nash tensed and pulled me into a bush where we had to lie on our bellies to be properly hidden . 
 `` you find them yet ? '' 
 someone yelled . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` ca n't believe he let her get away . '' 
 `` he 'll pay for it . '' 
 were they talking about duke ? 
 what did he have to do with any of this ? 
 i really had n't wanted to believe that he was involved at all . 
 he had been so nice ... so lonely ... cute even . 
 was all that just an act ? 
 i sucked in a breath when a pair of bare feet came close . 
 so close that i could have reached out and touched them . 
 i could n't help but notice that he desperately needed a pedicure . 
 i mean , really , just because he 's some thief and killer did n't mean he could n't worry about good hygiene . 
 right in front of us the feet stopped , turned in our direction . 
 everything fell silent . 
 the world stopped turning . 
 my heart stopped beating . 
 then gnarly-toed pirate grunted . 
 he turned and walked away . 
 `` they ai n't over here . 
 they 'd be stupid to come to our side . '' 
 `` she do n't have to be smart to give me what i 'm after , '' replied a voice from farther away . 
 the men laughed . 
 i gagged . 
 nash put his hand over my mouth and gave me a stern look . 
 eventually , their footsteps died away . 
 their voices grew too faint to hear . 
 all that was left was the continuous sound of the rain and nash 's and my erratic breathing . 
 `` that was way too fucking close , '' he breathed out . 
 `` did you see his toenails ? '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` gross . '' 
 `` they practically called you their new plaything and you 're worried about his toes ? '' 
 he gaped at me . 
 i shrugged . 
 i would rather worry about the fungus growing beneath his raggedy nails -lrb- trust me , there had to be fungus -rrb- than think about being raped and tortured . 
 `` come on , '' he said , belly crawling out from under the bush and reaching in to help me . 
 when he started to walk , i pulled him back . 
 `` i do n't think i 've told you thank you . '' 
 his eyes met mine . 
 `` for everything you 've done for me . 
 for being strong , for never acting like we would n't make it home . 
 for keeping me warm , for protecting me , for being you . '' 
 he brushed the side of my face with his knuckles . 
 `` you did n't thank me for the best sex of your life . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` thanks for that too . '' 
 gently , he drew me closer , bringing my body right up against his . 
 i loved the feel of his skin beneath my cheek . 
 i hugged him tight , trying to tell him everything that no words could ever express . 
 `` i ca n't imagine being stranded with anyone but you , '' he whispered . 
 a few minutes later , he pulled away . 
 i wanted to pull him back , but i knew i could n't . 
 `` come on , '' he said quietly . 
 `` we need to keep moving . '' 
 we trudged on , the sound of the beach drawing closer . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 the other side of the island was near . 
 for the first time all night and all day , i felt hope ... surely there was some sort of boat we could make work . 
 hell , at this point , i 'd sail away in one with a hole in it . 
 i 'd take my chances at sinking before i took my chances with the people on this island . 
 the foliage began to thin slightly and through it , i caught the sight of the distant sand and beach . 
 i was just about to thank god for helping us get this far when something happened . 
 something that stole away all my hope . 
 nash , who was a few yards ahead of me , stepped unknowingly on some sort of booby trap . 
 the minute his foot hit the ground , a net came up off the ground , palms and leaves raining off of it . 
 it swung him up high , dangling from a tree , swaying just above me , sorely out of reach . 
 `` nash ! '' 
 i whisper-yelled . 
 our eyes connected . 
 his mouth was set in a hard line . 
 his green eyes were grim . 
 `` run . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , not really comprehending . 
 `` you need to run . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave you ! '' 
 i started searching around for a way to free him , desperately looking for something sharp . 
 `` ava ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` get the hell out of here . 
 hide . '' 
 i stopped and looked up . 
 i felt my lower lip wobble . 
 i could n't leave him . 
 behind us , men were crashing through the woods , yelling and whooping about their catch . 
 fear unparalleled to anything else trampled me . 
 nash pulled the flare gun out of his shorts and worked it through the net , dropping it from the sky and into my hands . 
 `` get to the beach , shoot this straight up into the sky . 
 hide . 
 and do n't you come out until you hear a plane . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` do it , '' he growled . 
 i hesitated again . 
 `` i 'll find you , ava . 
 i promise . '' 
 the men were much closer now . 
 my heart started to pound . 
 i looked over my shoulder and caught the first sight of them . 
 i took off running , tearing through the woods and ripping out into the sand . 
 one of the men yelled . 
 i heard someone cheer . 
 my steps faltered . 
 how could i just leave him there ? 
 literally dangling in the sky with no defense . 
 he has a gun . 
 get help . 
 the thought spurred me on . 
 i took off running again , ignoring how hard it was to push through the sand . 
 i had to get help . 
 i could n't let him die . 
 i ended up near the center of the pirate 's camp . 
 i stopped . 
 i lifted the gun straight up to the sky , pointing the muzzle toward the dark , churning storm clouds . 
 i pulled the trigger . 
 the flare shot out with alarming speed . 
 my arm recoiled a bit and i dropped the gun , watching as a trail of red blasted through the open sky . 
 it lit up the dark clouds , everything glowing a bright burning red . 
 please , god , let someone see . 
 part of me was very afraid the storm would keep the rescuers away . 
 part of me whispered that this was it . 
 we were going to die . 
 i would n't accept that . 
 and i was n't going to hide . 
 i ran toward the boat graveyard , hell-bent on finding some sort of weapon . 
 but my need for a weapon was momentarily derailed when i saw my suitcase . 
 the one with kiki in it . 
 a small cry of relief ripped from my throat and i changed course , running to it , refusing to leave her behind . 
 i was so focused on getting to the object of my desire and getting something to help nash that i did n't hear him approach . 
 he pounced on me from behind , tackling me in the sand , his weight pinning me down . 
 i started to scream . 
 22 `` shut up , '' he said as he flipped me over and pressed his hand over my mouth . 
 i froze and stared up at duke . 
 he was pale . 
 his long hair was wild and he was soaking wet . 
 i bit his hand . 
 he howled and released my mouth . 
 i brought my fist down and connected with his fragile man parts . 
 he rolled off me and i scrambled to my feet and took off . 
 he caught me in seconds , spinning me back around . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i spat , looking around for a weapon . 
 there was nothing here . 
 i needed to get to the boats . 
 `` do you think i want to do this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't . 
 but i do n't have a choice . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you have a choice . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do ... it 's life or death . 
 your death for my life . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 well , i did n't care for those odds . 
 my eyes wandered back to the woods and i thought about nash . 
 `` he 's a dead man , '' duke growled . 
 in hindsight , i realized that leaping at him to cause bodily harm was not the best idea i ever had . 
 but even knowing how it was going to end , i still would have done it again . 
 anger bubbled up inside me and i clawed at his face and neck , desperate to inflict any kind of pain that i could . 
 he backhanded me . 
 i fell . 
 he dragged me across the sand , toward the rocks ... toward the chains . 
 i started to fight . 
 to kick and yell . 
 `` keep fighting , honey , '' he drawled . 
 `` those assholes love a challenge . '' 
 i went limp . 
 revulsion rippled through me . 
 he slammed me up against the rocks and proceeded to clamp one of the chain cuffs around my wrist . 
 i struggled and kicked , swinging my free fist around and connecting with his cheek . 
 he stopped and looked at me . 
 `` i guess i deserved that . '' 
 `` why are you doing this , duke ? 
 i liked you . '' 
 regret shined in his eyes . 
 some of the determined craziness seeped away . 
 he pushed his hands through his tangled hair , tucking it behind his ears . 
 `` do you know what it 's like ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` to be trapped here , day after day , week after week . 
 alone . 
 knowing that no one will come for you ? '' 
 `` i think i might have an idea . '' 
 `` you have no idea , '' he growled . 
 `` then tell me , '' i implored , tucking my free hand behind my back between the rock and me . 
 i prayed he would forget one arm was still loose . 
 `` they attacked my boat . 
 they came out of nowhere , speeding right up alongside me . 
 at first i thought they were just sailors passing through . 
 it became apparent they were n't the closer they drew . 
 my little boat was no match for their bigger engine , '' he said , lost in memory , his eyes looking far away . 
 `` i do n't know why they would waste their time on such a small boat . 
 why they would bother with a guy like me . 
 i barely had any money . 
 i did n't want any trouble . 
 i gave them everything and told them i would jump overboard . 
 that i would likely drown on the way home . 
 i wish i had drowned . '' 
 `` what happened to you , duke ? '' 
 i whispered , gazing at the scar in his eyebrow , remembering the scar i saw on his back . 
 `` they kidnapped me . 
 they forced me here to this island . 
 i became their whipping boy . 
 their servant , their pet . '' 
 he yanked off his shirt and threw it into the sand . 
 he turned , showing me the many crisscrossing scars that covered his back . 
 some were newer than others ; some were raised and puckered . 
 emotion clogged my throat . 
 i knew then that these chains , the bloodstains on this rock , were likely his . 
 i suddenly felt terribly sorry for him . 
 `` oh , duke . '' 
 `` they forced me to rob boats for them . '' 
 he continued , still showing me his back . 
 i wanted to shut my eyes to the horrible sight , but i did n't . 
 `` i do n't look like a criminal . 
 i do n't look like a dirty pirate . 
 they would use me to get close to boaters . 
 i would pretend to need help and the owners would invite me onto their ship . 
 and the pirates would converge . 
 they would take over the boat . 
 they would kill men and rape women . '' 
 `` all for money . '' 
 i choked . 
 `` and then they would beat me . 
 they would taunt me and say i would never go home . '' 
 `` but why would you do this to me ? 
 you know nash and i. . . 
 we wanted to help you . 
 we meant it when we said we would take you home . '' 
 he laughed . 
 a hollow sound . 
 `` you 're not getting off this island . 
 there is no getting away . '' 
 `` we will . '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` they knew you were here the minute that plane crashed , '' he went on . 
 `` they came to investigate immediately . 
 nothing happens on this island that they do n't know about . 
 at first they thought you were dead . 
 they saw your bodies and figured you had n't survived . 
 it was only later when i saw you that i knew you 'd survived . '' 
 `` you were nice to us . 
 you showed us food . '' 
 `` you catch more bees with honey . '' 
 `` you pretended to like me ... '' i trailed away , my head spinning , trying to make sense of what he was saying . 
 i felt stupid . 
 utterly idiotic for falling for his longing looks , his smiles , his teasing . 
 he was trying to tempt me away from nash this entire time . 
 only i would never be tempted away from someone like him . 
 `` i realized fast that was n't going to work . 
 he was getting in the way . '' 
 `` did you set that trap ? '' 
 i glanced back at the forest . 
 things were too quiet . 
 `` i had to get him out of the way . 
 they only want you . 
 they do n't want him . '' 
 my anxiety spiked and i tried to get away . 
 i strained against the chain that held me . 
 i had to get to nash . 
 i could n't let him die . 
 i did n't care what happened to me anymore so long as he was safe . 
 the distant sound of a plane shocked me back from panic . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` help us ! '' 
 i knew they could n't hear me . 
 i knew they could n't see me . 
 but i could n't stop screaming . 
 i screamed and screamed . 
 duke just stared at me like i was stupid for trying . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` it 's a plane . 
 they saw the flare . 
 we can escape . 
 you can come with us . '' 
 i could see his mind churning . 
 `` you would let me come ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i lied . 
 `` this is our chance to be free ! 
 please , unchain me ! '' 
 he pulled the key from his pocket and pondered it in his palm . 
 a gunshot cut through the wind and the dwindling rain . 
 i started to sob . 
 i yelled nash 's name over and over until my voice was hoarse . 
 oh my god , if he was dead i might as well die too . 
 and then a plane flew overhead . 
 i started jumping , waving my arm , screaming anew . 
 `` help us ! 
 get their attention ! '' 
 i cried at duke . 
 `` please ! '' 
 he shot into action , running below the plane and waving his arms , jumping up and down . 
 it drew closer and i realized it was n't a plane , but a helicopter . 
 it was red . 
 the coast guard . 
 dear god , the coast guard had found us . 
 movement at the edge of the sand drew my attention . 
 nash burst forward , running like the wind . 
 his chest was splattered with red and i screamed his name . 
 his head snapped to me and he changed course , rushing toward the rocks as several scurvy pirates followed . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed again into the sky . 
 the helicopter was lowering , the wind battering the little aircraft , and yet it still came closer . 
 `` please do n't leave , '' i pleaded . 
 duke ran back over , making a beeline for me . 
 but nash intercepted him , tackling him to the ground and hitting him in the head with the butt of the gun . 
 he sprawled out beneath him and nash pushed up , rushing over to me . 
 `` he has the key ! '' 
 i cried , pointing at duke . 
 nash cursed and rushed away . 
 pirates were closing in as nash dug through duke 's pocket and came up with the single key . 
 just before he reached me , the pirates caught up to him . 
 he threw the key at me . 
 it landed in the sand at my feet . 
 my hands were shaking so badly that i had a hard time getting the key in the tiny hole . 
 i gave a frustrated cry and the key slid in . 
 the gun went off again . 
 i fell forward when the chain released me . 
 i scrambled up and ran toward nash , who was wielding the gun as a bleeding pirate lay at his feet . 
 the others were circling him warily as i rushed to his side . 
 he put his arm around me , draping me in security , as the helicopter hovered above . 
 `` we can not land , '' echoed a loud voice from overhead . 
 `` put down your weapons . '' 
 surely they could see that people were trying to kill us ! 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 a very long , very unsteady ladder fell from the helicopter and landed in the sand . 
 `` drop your weapons , '' they instructed again . 
 nash looked between the gun and the pirates . 
 between us and the rope ladder offering us safety . 
 `` get ready to run , '' he said to me . 
 i nodded . 
 he dropped the gun . 
 we took off . 
 nash took my hand and dragged me behind him , my feet barely touching the sand . 
 just when the ladder was within reach , a hand closed around my ankle . 
 i shrieked and fell , rolling over and looking behind me . 
 one of the dirty pirates had launched at me , managing to take me down . 
 i kicked at him with my free leg . 
 that only seemed to make him try harder . 
 nash grabbed me beneath the armpits and pulled , trying to get me away . 
 a strange game of tug-of-war ensued ... i was the rope . 
 i was the prize . 
 safety or death ? 
 live or die ? 
 i glanced at nash . 
 `` just let me go . 
 save yourself . '' 
 he yelled a cuss word . 
 a very bad one . 
 and then a gunshot cut through the commotion . 
 the man tugging my leg fell into the sand as a pool of red spread out beneath him . 
 nash pulled me away , lifting me up and carrying me the rest of the way to the ladder . 
 he stepped on and wrapped it around us . 
 `` do n't let go of me , '' he said . 
 i looked back . 
 duke was standing there , blood dripping down the side of his face , wielding a gun . 
 he helped me . 
 he helped us . 
 `` duke ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 he stepped forward , toward us . 
 pirates clustered around him . 
 he went down . 
 i saw the struggle of the men , a rumble of bodies all moving frantically in the sand . 
 i could n't see duke . 
 i did n't know what was happening . 
 then i saw the suitcase sitting a few feet away , near the table where they played poker . 
 i ripped myself free and ignored nash 's outraged cry . 
 i grabbed up the suitcase and sprinted back to the ladder where nash told me i was stupid and then held me tight . 
 the helicopter began to move . 
 it began to lift us up away from the ground , into the sky . 
 `` duke ! '' 
 i screamed one last time . 
 a final gunshot rang out . 
 nash and i stared down as the tangle of pirates separated , leaving a lone body in the sand . 
 it was duke . 
 his chest was saturated in red . 
 he was unmoving . 
 he was dead . 
 i turned my face into nash 's chest . 
 his arm tightened around me as the helicopter swung up into the sky and we dangled between safety and the ocean . 
 the ladder began to tow upward , and long minutes later , we were both sprawled across the floor of the helicopter . 
 `` are you ava and nash ? '' 
 one of the rescuers asked . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 nash yelled over the engine . 
 `` our plane crashed on the island . '' 
 `` we saw your smoke flare , '' the man yelled , passing us thick , heavy blankets . 
 `` we had to turn back because of the storm last night . '' 
 i wrapped the blanket around me with trembling fingers . 
 i could n't get the image of duke out of my head . 
 he had n't deserved that . 
 `` we flew out this morning before it started to rain again . 
 we were about to head back when we saw the second flare . '' 
 `` thank god you came , '' nash said . 
 i heard him tell the guy about the pirates . 
 i heard the pilot radio to someone that we were found and that assistance was needed on the unnamed island . 
 he gave coordinates that i did n't understand . 
 nash came close , wrapping his blanket around me and then tucking me against his chest . 
 he propped us both up against the wall of the helicopter as we flew away to a nearby island , to a hospital where they apparently were waiting for us . 
 i tipped my head back , angling it against his chest and looking up at his face . 
 he kissed me , right on the lips , in front of everyone . 
 `` we made it , '' he whispered , his lips brushing mine . 
 `` i was so afraid you died . '' 
 `` i was n't about to die . 
 i have too much to live for . '' 
 i rode the rest of the way wrapped in his arms . 
 the relief i felt was insurmountable . 
 finally . 
 we were safe . 
 the hospital ... 23 being back among civilization was startling . 
 overwhelming . 
 loud . 
 sounds pinged around inside my brain and pressed in on me , making me want to slap my hands over my ears and yell . 
 i was used to the soft sound of crashing beach waves , the singing cadence of cicadas , and the rush of a falling waterfall . 
 but sitting in a hospital , none of those sounds could be heard . 
 instead , i was thrust into a spinning world of beeping , laughter , and coughing . 
 the strong smell of antiseptic and bleach burned my nose and the air-conditioner made my fingers stiff with cold . 
 the bright lights overhead seemed more intrusive than the sun , and i wished for a pair of sunglasses to shield my eyes . 
 but i had nothing here with me . 
 except for the suitcase containing kiki . 
 everything that survived the crash was left behind on that island . 
 i wondered what would become of those pirates . 
 the authorities were called . 
 the coast guard was notified . 
 there might not be much law out at sea , but i knew those men would pay for their crimes . 
 maybe not all of them , but at least for what they did to duke . 
 duke . 
 he pretended to be our friend . 
 he got close to me with the intention of trading me in for his own safety-his own life . 
 it was so dishonorable that it made me sick . 
 yet , i could n't hate him for it . 
 he was tortured , abused , robbed of every comfort he 'd ever known at the hands of those pirates . 
 he was a victim too . 
 he was only doing what he 'd been brainwashed to do , what he thought would get him freedom . 
 i hoped in death he found the freedom he desperately wanted . 
 yes , he was robbed of life , but perhaps being at peace would help make up for that . 
 it started as a way to survive ... but then i realized i could n't live with myself if you died . 
 it was his way of apologizing or telling me he knew what he did was wrong . 
 perhaps in his effort to tempt me away from nash , he found himself being the one who was tempted . 
 maybe we reminded him of the life he used to have . 
 maybe all the talk of us getting home together gave him a spark of hope he thought he lost . 
 i would never know for sure . 
 a doctor in a pair of green scrubs and a stethoscope around his neck entered my little room . 
 he gave me a smile and i did my best to return it . 
 `` i hear you 've had quite an adventure , '' he said . 
 `` is nash okay ? '' 
 i asked , not wanting to even act like what we experienced was something out of a movie . 
 it was n't . 
 `` the man who was brought in with you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 he 's being looked at by another doctor as we speak . '' 
 a little bit of the stiffness in my body lessened . 
 i could handle this place if i knew he was okay . 
 `` i 'm just going to take a look at those stitches , '' the doctor said , snapping on a pair of white gloves . 
 his fingers probed through my hair and i gritted my teeth . 
 his touch was n't the touch i was used to . 
 it was n't familiar ; it did n't feel good . 
 i did n't really want a stranger to touch me , but i tilted my head down and let the doctor do what he needed to do . 
 `` that 's a nasty gash , '' he said . 
 `` you 're lucky you 're friend was able to close it up . 
 he even saved your hair . '' 
 i glanced up . 
 `` my hair ? '' 
 the doctor pulled his hands away and reached for a tray filled with instruments -lrb- instruments = torture -rrb- . 
 `` yes , if you would have come here with that head wound , we would have shaved the hair around it before we stitched it . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` are you going to do that now ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no need . 
 it 's already healed . 
 i am going to take the stitches out and make sure there are no signs of infection . '' 
 when i did n't say anything , he picked up a pair of scissors . 
 `` you might feel a slight tugging sensation . '' 
 he removed my stitches and then examined the wound . 
 then he assessed the rest of me , asking me a hundred questions . 
 by the time he was done , i was annoyed and exhausted . 
 the doctor promised to get my discharge papers and then left the room . 
 i was only too happy to see him go . 
 before the door swung closed , nash slipped inside . 
 `` how 's the head ? '' 
 he asked , coming up to the table i was sitting on . 
 `` good as new , '' i replied . 
 suddenly , the noise and the chaos of the hospital did n't seem so bad . 
 gently , he turned my head so he could see the area he stitched . 
 these were the hands i was used too . 
 when he was done looking , he dropped a kiss to the top of my head . 
 `` looks good . '' 
 `` did they say you could go too ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` thank goodness . 
 this place is loud . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` it 's going to get louder , '' he warned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 the door opened and my mother and father burst into the room . 
 `` ava ! 
 oh my god , we thought you were dead , '' my mother cried . 
 i sat there in shock . 
 they 'd flown all the way from miami to this hospital in bermuda ? 
 nash stepped out of the way just in time to avoid her arms as she crushed me in a bear hug . 
 `` hi , mom , '' i squeaked , returning her hug while struggling to breathe . 
 `` we were so worried for you ! 
 what you must have gone through ! 
 all alone on that island . '' 
 `` i was n't completely alone , '' i said , pulling away and glancing at nash . 
 that earned him a crushing hug . 
 `` oh , are you the one who saved my ava ? '' 
 dad gave me an apologetic look and then offered me a hug of his own . 
 `` glad to have you back , pumpkin , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 tears pricked my eyes . 
 `` glad to be back . '' 
 i breathed in the familiar scent of him . 
 `` young man , '' my father said to nash , holding out his hand . 
 nash took it and they shook . 
 `` dad , this is nash . 
 nash , this is my dad . '' 
 `` you the pilot ? '' 
 my dad asked , eyeing him . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 he made a harrumphing sound and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` dad , nash kept me alive . 
 he stitched up my head , '' i explained , poking at the scar i now sported . 
 `` stitches ! '' 
 my mother wailed . 
 she was dramatic . 
 she should be on soap operas . 
 `` yes , mom . 
 but the doctor says i 'm fine . '' 
 i gave nash a look , trying to tell him that i was n't about to tell them what else happened on that island . 
 my mother could do a one-woman show with all that drama . 
 he seemed to understand and nodded perceptively . 
 `` how did you know we were here ? '' 
 i asked my father . 
 `` we 've been in contact with the search and rescue and the coast guard from the beginning . 
 when they first saw the smoke flare , they contacted us and we flew out immediately . '' 
 `` how did you know it was us ? '' 
 `` we did n't . '' 
 but he had hoped . 
 i gave him a watery smile . 
 the door opened yet again and more people filed into the room . 
 this time it was the woman from the picture with my grandmother , nash 's abuela . 
 she was followed by a woman with long , dark curly hair and green eyes . 
 behind her was a tall man with lighter brown hair . 
 i knew right away it was his parents . 
 he looked a lot like his mother . 
 `` nash ! '' 
 his abuela cried and then broke into rapid-fire spanish that made my head spin . 
 i watched him , wondering if he understood what the heck she was saying . 
 he smiled and nodded . 
 then he returned her monologue with one of his own-matching her speed . 
 wow . 
 he really talked slow to me on that island . 
 and i still had n't understood . 
 before i could ponder that further , he finished talking , and all eyes swung to me . 
 his mother and grandmother both converged , wrapping me in a hug at the same time . 
 they started talking and exclaiming in spanish once more , and i sat there in the center of them , feeling like i was starring in some sitcom on tv . 
 `` mom , '' nash said with a laugh . 
 `` ava does n't speak spanish . '' 
 his mother pulled back and looked at me with tears in her eyes . 
 she stroked the side of my cheek with her hand and i actually saw affection in her eyes . 
 `` bella , '' she murmured . 
 `` si , '' nash replied . 
 `` she 's very beautiful . '' 
 his grandmother kissed me . 
 `` you look like your abuela . '' 
 that was the first time anyone ever told me that . 
 i started to cry . 
 everyone started talking at once . 
 people were patting my back . 
 my mother was going on about some movie about people who talked to coconuts when they were stranded . 
 `` everybody out ! '' 
 nash yelled over the chaos . 
 everyone stopped talking and looked at him . 
 `` we love you all . 
 we ca n't wait to spend time with you . 
 but we need a minute . '' 
 to my surprise , they left . 
 my father was the last to go , pressing a kiss to my head . 
 then he gave nash an approving look and shut the door behind him . 
 i collapsed against the table . 
 `` it 's like a circus . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` your mother seemed nice . '' 
 i burst out laughing . 
 `` tell her that she should have been an actress and she will love you forever . '' 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 he said , his voice taking on a serious tone . 
 it was the question i 'd been dreading since we first crashed onto that island . 
 probably because i knew what i had to do , what this would come to if we ever made it out alive . 
 part of me actually wished we had been able to stay there . 
 even with everything that happened , things on that island seemed simpler . 
 `` hey , '' he said softly , coming up and wrapping his arms around my chilled frame . 
 `` why do n't we go to the hotel ? 
 shower , get some food . 
 then we 'll talk . '' 
 i snuggled into him a little closer , taking a deep breath . 
 he still smelled like the ocean . 
 `` okay , '' i replied , my answer muffled against his shirt . 
 i was n't used to him wearing a shirt . 
 `` where 'd you get the shirt ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned . 
 `` one of the nurses gave it to me . '' 
 damn nurses were probably checking him out . 
 `` come on , '' he said , lifting me down off the table . 
 i was so incredibly tired all of the sudden . 
 `` the doctor did n't bring my paperwork back . '' 
 `` we 'll sic your mother on him . '' 
 i laughed . 
 he reached for the knob on the door and then stopped . 
 he spun , grabbing me by the shoulders , and looked so far into my eyes i wondered if he saw my soul . 
 `` we 're going to be okay , '' he whispered . 
 `` even if it takes a while . '' 
 he kissed me . 
 it was our first kiss that was n't on a beach . 
 our first kiss in the `` real world . '' 
 it was everything it always was : hot , consuming , and deep . 
 i curled my hands into his t-shirt , gripping the cotton fabric tightly . 
 he turned his head one way and then the other , covering every angle he could . 
 his mouth was an onslaught to my already overwhelmed senses . 
 kissing him was something i would never ever get enough of . 
 yet ... yet this felt like the last time . 
 it was like we were saying good-bye . 
 like when he gazed into my eyes , into my soul , he saw exactly what i tried to hide , exactly what i refused to admit . 
 and it was like he was telling me it was okay . 
 the kiss ended too soon . 
 we stood there , bodies pressed together , my hands still tangled in his shirt . 
 he kissed my nose . 
 he kissed my forehead . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asked , hoarse . 
 no . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he opened the door and stepped out into the hallway . 
 i did n't move . 
 my feet were glued to the floor . 
 i knew the minute we walked out of this room , everything would change . 
 when i did n't follow , he turned back . 
 he gazed at me so tenderly i literally felt my heart crack . 
 `` bella , '' he murmured , stoking my hair . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 my voice trembled . 
 `` yes . 
 you think we need to go our separate ways . '' 
 the crack deepened a little bit more . 
 `` what if what we feel ... ? '' 
 i gestured between us . 
 `` what if it was all just a product of our environment ? 
 two people trying to survive ? '' 
 `` do you really think that ? '' 
 he bent down a little to look directly into my eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i whispered , upset . 
 i was confused . 
 i was overwhelmed . 
 the crash had n't seemed like that big of a deal on the island . 
 now , it felt like my life was split in two . 
 before and after . 
 in some odd way , i felt like i was getting a fresh start , a do-over of sorts . 
 it seemed like i needed to really think about my life , my feelings , and not just shuffle through the next part of my life . 
 in a way , that crash killed the old me , and in her place was a woman who was ready to take on life and make it what she wanted it to be . 
 did i want nash ? 
 so much it hurt . 
 but jumping into something seemed wrong . 
 it seemed like i needed to find my ... land legs . 
 like i had spent all this time at sea and i needed to get my balance again on land . 
 it seemed the fair thing would be to let him go . 
 they say if you love something-someone-you should set them free ... i felt like being a hoarder . 
 he took my face in his hands . 
 `` i 'm going to give you some space , bella . 
 the time i think you need . '' 
 `` but what if i need you too ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 you have n't seen the last of me . '' 
 then he walked me down the hallway , placing me in the arms of my father . 
 both our families filed out of the hospital , toward the waiting cabs at the curb . 
 nash and i were the last to get into our separate cars . 
 our eyes met . 
 i watched his dark , unruly head disappear inside the car . 
 his cab drove away . 
 i sat down beside my mother . 
 we survived a plane crash . 
 we survived a band of pirates . 
 we survived a frenemy . 
 but it seemed the biggest challenge we would face was the one that presented after our rescue ... reality . 
 one month later ... 24 i glanced at the clock and did a double take . 
 seemed like i just got here and already it was time to leave . 
 time flies , i mused , placing the last stem into a gorgeous blown glass vase . 
 i carried it over to the giant glass-front cooler and placed it inside , where it would stay fresh and gorgeous until tomorrow morning 's delivery . 
 after i cleaned up a little around the back , i reluctantly grabbed my bag and stepped out onto the sidewalk . 
 it was fall but much too early for it to feel that way in miami . 
 more than likely , the temperatures would n't even begin to cool off until mid - to late-october . 
 and even when part of the east coast was buried in snow , miami would remain mild . 
 i walked slowly to the bus stop , in no real hurry to get home . 
 in truth , the only time that went by fast was the time i spent at work . 
 every other second , minute , hour of the day seemed to drag by . 
 nighttime was the worst . 
 i pushed away those thoughts and rode the bus home , trying not to think about the island , duke , and the nights i spent in the sand ... with nash . 
 it was n't until i arrived home and leaned against the back of the door that i finally let myself have the thought . 
 the thought that plagued me every day . 
 the thought that echoed around inside me even when i tried not to listen . 
 the thought i knew was never going to go away . 
 i missed him . 
 i missed nash so much that i could barely breathe . 
 at first , i thought the reason my appetite did n't come back , the reason anxiety sometimes gripped me and threatened to never let go was because of the crash , because of the pirates . 
 but it was n't those things . 
 one day i was in the grocery store , pondering a display of coconuts , when someone behind me called out bella , the word sounding exactly as he said it . 
 so many feelings crashed over me in a single second . 
 joy . 
 desire . 
 longing . 
 love . 
 i spun around so fast that all the coconuts tumbled off the table and rolled around my feet . 
 yet i barely noticed . 
 my eyes searched for his face , for his curls , for the arms that held me for so many nights . 
 but it was n't him . 
 it was someone else . 
 i stood there completely shattering apart as i watched a woman with dark hair run into the arms of a man that was not nash . 
 i left the coconuts on the floor and i went home without whatever i went to the store for in the first place . 
 and i cried . 
 i cried so much my eyes swelled . 
 and that 's when i understood . 
 i knew it was n't the fact that we survived the awful experience together . 
 it was n't the fact that we bonded in a crisis . 
 i loved him in spite of those things . 
 i loved him because there was no one else that would ever make me feel the way he did . 
 i did exactly what i told myself i was n't going to do anymore . 
 i let fear rule my head . 
 i denied my heart because i was afraid to follow it . 
 i was stupid . 
 but knowing that could n't erase the fact that i pushed him away . 
 that i told him we needed time apart to really know if what was between us was real . 
 he 'd agreed . 
 easily . 
 did that mean he thought i was right ? 
 did that mean i 'd been nothing but someone to chase away the boredom while we were stranded on that island ? 
 i sighed and pushed away from the door . 
 it 'd been a month since i 'd seen him last ... two weeks since i realized that my love for him was n't going to go away . 
 i could n't go on this way . 
 i did n't want to live in limbo anymore . 
 i went into my bedroom and changed out of my work clothes and pulled on a pair of black leggings and a light-green tank top -lrb- okay , so yeah , it reminded me of his eyes -rrb- . 
 then i reached for a light oversized sweater and tossed it onto my perfectly made bed . 
 i pulled the band out of my hair and loosened the french braid it was styled in , letting it wave softly down my back . 
 just as i was reaching for the sweater , there was a knock at the front door . 
 i frowned , wondering who on earth that could be , and padded through the living room to throw the lock and pull open the door . 
 dark curls and green eyes greeted me . 
 my heart literally stopped beating . 
 i reached out and gripped the doorframe , unable to speak . 
 i could only stare . 
 he looked as good as i remembered him , standing there in low-slung ratty jeans with too many holes . 
 his t-shirt was n't gray , but a deep green that accentuated his jade-colored stare-a stare that searched my face like a hungry man searching for his final meal . 
 his skin was still deeply tan , unlined , and the beard he 'd been sporting when i said good-bye was gone , revealing his square jaw and the dimple in his chin . 
 i swallowed , my heart stuttering back to life . 
 `` nash ? '' 
 `` she remembers my name , '' he quipped , giving me a little grin . 
 he was carrying a large cardboard box with the words pizza hut scrawled along the side . 
 my stomach roared to life fiercely . 
 `` is that a pizza ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` large veggie with pan crust . '' 
 tears rushed to my eyes , blurring my vision and making it hard to stare at him . 
 `` you remembered . '' 
 when we first crashed , it was the one food i told him i wanted . 
 `` i know you probably have eaten a million of these since you got home ... '' he said and shrugged as his words died away . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i have n't had it yet . '' 
 his eyes zeroed in on my face . 
 `` you have n't ? '' 
 i shook my head again . 
 of course i had n't . 
 i could n't eat something that reminded me so fully of him . 
 `` you gon na let me in ? '' 
 he asked , devastating me with his lopsided grin . 
 i stepped back , gesturing for him to come in , and then shut the door behind him . 
 he looked around the apartment with rapt interest . 
 his eyes took in the cream walls , the oversized posters filled with art and landscapes , the gray couch with multi-colored pillows , and the coffee table scattered with a million magazines -lrb- and not one of them managed to take my mind off him -rrb- . 
 `` nice place , '' he said , his eyes sweeping over me from head to toes . 
 `` thanks , '' i echoed , realizing that i looked like i was ready to curl up on the couch and eat an entire pint of ice cream in front of some cheesy lifetime movie . 
 well , that 's what i was going to do . 
 but still . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i said and rushed from the room . 
 in my bedroom , i leaned against the wall , trying to catch my breath , trying to calm the pounding of my heart . 
 he was here . 
 he was standing in my living room . 
 he was so close i could reach out and touch him . 
 lust erupted inside me . 
 just the mere thought of putting my hands anywhere on his body had me practically salivating . 
 i rushed to my closet to look inside , but i never got the chance to debate my wardrobe because a quiet sob racked my body . 
 i leaned into the frame , against the open door , as tears rolled down my cheeks . 
 i felt a hand on my elbow , gentle at first but then his grip tightening . 
 `` bella , '' he said softly . 
 my quiet sob broke and i spun , burying my face in his chest . 
 his arms came around me instantly , holding me so tight it almost hurt . 
 but i liked it because i knew he was there . 
 after long moments of me blubbering all over him , i quieted and he pulled me back , tipping up my chin and staring into my tearstained face . 
 `` you missed me . '' 
 `` every . 
 single . 
 day . '' 
 `` thank god , '' he groaned and pressed his forehead against mine . 
 `` i was afraid when i got here you would tell me that you had n't . '' 
 `` i never should never have let you leave . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` but you did n't give up . '' 
 `` someone told me once that when you love someone you should never give up . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 i whispered , not sure i heard him right . 
 `` i love you , bella . '' 
 my heart swelled to the point i thought my ribs would n't be able to contain it . 
 `` i love you too . 
 so much . '' 
 his kiss swept me up into a tidal wave of passion , washing away an entire month 's worth of longing . 
 my body remembered everything about him and fit itself against him perfectly , knowing exactly where to go . 
 my fingers went for his curls , tangling in their softness , and my tongue rushed inside his mouth as if it would rather be there than inside mine . 
 the softness of his t-shirt brushed against my arms , and while it was comforting , there was something else i would rather feel . 
 i delved below his hem , gripping the skin of his taut waist and moaning . 
 he ripped his mouth away and tugged the shirt up and over his head , throwing it across the room , and then was on me again in seconds . 
 he backed me up against the wall and used his body to pin me there as his mouth traveled hotly over my neck and collarbone . 
 he reached up and pulled down the straps of my tank top , ripping the bodice completely down my waist and exposing every ounce of my aching flesh . 
 my breasts were already swelling with need and i shoved myself out , gripping his head and bringing it down to one of my sensitive nipples . 
 he nipped at it with his teeth and i cried out . 
 as he kissed and sucked , i found the waistband of his jeans and pulled it away , delving my hands inside his boxers to find the object of my desire . 
 it was pulsing and ready . 
 his entire body jerked when i closed my hand around him . 
 `` this is going to be fast , '' he said against my breast . 
 `` i 've missed you too badly to drag it out . '' 
 `` do it , '' i growled , giving his member a squeeze . 
 in a blurred frenzy , our clothes hit the floor and we fell backward on the bed . 
 nash rolled , tucking me beneath him and sinking himself immediately in my moist heat . 
 both of us groaned and stilled as pure pleasure rolled over us . 
 and then we were moving , slapping against each other with intense fervor . 
 the orgasm ripped through my body , and i cried out his name over and over again until my insides stopped quaking . 
 and then it was his turn . 
 with one final thrust , he pulsed inside me , emptying everything he had into my more-than-willing body . 
 long after we were finished , my muscles continued to contract around him , squeezing him and making him flex inside me . 
 `` damn , '' he said , tucking me into his side . 
 `` you have no idea how badly i 've been wanting to do that . '' 
 `` i think i might . '' 
 he chuckled and then dragged us farther up the bed , seeing as how our feet were dangling off . 
 i guess we should be lucky we made it onto the bed at all . 
 `` uh , ava ? '' 
 he said after he settled me into his side once more . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` where are your pillows ? '' 
 i lifted an arm and pointed over to the side of the bed . 
 he paused and then sat up , glancing over the mattress and down onto the floor . 
 `` you mind explaining to me why you have a pile of blankets and pillows on the floor ? '' 
 `` i 've been sleeping there . '' 
 he took my cheek in his hand and looked down , concern lacing his eyes . 
 `` baby , are you still having nightmares ? 
 you should have called me . '' 
 i shook my head , silencing his words . 
 `` i ca n't sleep in this bed . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it 's too soft ... '' i murmured . 
 he looked confused , and then realization dawned . 
 `` you 're used to sleeping on the floor or on the beach . '' 
 `` with you , '' i whispered . 
 `` i tried to sleep here , but i just could n't . 
 it was too soft and too ... lonely . '' 
 he settled back against the mattress . 
 `` how 's it feel right now ? '' 
 `` perfect , '' i said , sighing . 
 and then my stomach had to go and ruin it all by growling . 
 he laughed . 
 `` it sounds like you 're hungry . '' 
 his hands caressed my hip and up my ribs . 
 `` and you actually feel like you 've lost weight . '' 
 `` i have n't gotten my appetite back yet , '' i mumbled . 
 he bounded off the bed , not bothering with pants , and i was treated to the epic view of his tight ass sauntering out into the living room . 
 when he returned carrying the pizza , i was treated to another epic view ... of his front side . 
 he set the pizza on the foot of the bed and retrieved a giant slice oozing with white cheese and piled high with veggies . 
 he sat down , holding out the slice . 
 `` eat , '' he demanded . 
 i loved when he bossed me around . 
 i took a bite . 
 it was really good . 
 we sat that way in the quiet of my apartment , not talking , just him feeding me bite after bite of pizza . 
 only after i ate the last bite did he get a slice for himself -lrb- which he ate in like three seconds -rrb- . 
 `` i need to tell you something , '' i said , nerves crackling along my spine . 
 `` that sounds serious . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` something happened on the island . '' 
 `` a lot of things happened on the island . '' 
 `` something i was afraid to tell you about . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid to tell me anything , bella . '' 
 i wondered if he would say that even after i told him . 
 `` you know how i was having those dreams ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the nightmares about the crash . '' 
 `` they were n't nightmares about the crash . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` well , the first one was . '' 
 `` what were the other ones about ? '' 
 `` me and you ... '' i let the sentence end suggestively . 
 a slow smile formed on his face . 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` but it was n't just me and you . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean there was someone else in the dream with us ... doing things . '' 
 `` please tell me it was another girl . '' 
 only a man would pray for that ... `` it was n't . '' 
 he looked like he was punched in the gut . 
 `` it was him , was n't it ? '' 
 i nodded , tears forming in my eyes . 
 geesh , i was turning into an emotional basket case . 
 maybe i should stock up on tissues . 
 `` i do n't know why . '' 
 i sniffled . 
 `` i felt so guilty . '' 
 `` why would you feel guilty , bella ? '' 
 he said softly , caressing the side of my face . 
 i leaned into his touch . 
 `` it felt like i was betraying you somehow . '' 
 `` you did n't actually sleep with him ... like on the island ? '' 
 he said , watching me . 
 i shook my head adamantly . 
 `` only you . 
 there 's been only you . '' 
 `` even since you came home ? '' 
 he asked , his voice a little strained . 
 `` there will only ever be you . '' 
 he let out a breath . 
 `` what about you ? 
 since we 've been home ? '' 
 my stomach cramped . 
 the thought of him with anyone else made me physically ill . 
 `` no , bella , just you . '' 
 he threaded our fingers together . 
 `` i had to fight myself constantly not to come here and bang on your door . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i just wanted to give you the time you needed . 
 i wanted you to be sure . '' 
 `` i 've never been so sure . '' 
 `` that 's real good because i 'm never doing this again . 
 i 'm moving in . 
 you 're going to stop sleeping on the floor and start sleeping in my arms . '' 
 like i said , i loved his bossiness . 
 `` you 're going to move in ? 
 what about puerto rico ? 
 what about being a pilot ? '' 
 `` i can be a pilot from here . 
 we can visit puerto rico . '' 
 he glanced at the urn i still had yet to part with . 
 `` we can start with putting kiki to rest . 
 the way she deserves . '' 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 he grabbed another slice of pizza and stuck it under my nose . 
 i dutifully took a bite . 
 `` what have you been up to since you got home ? '' 
 `` i got a new job . 
 one i really love . '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 he asked gently , tucking the hair behind my ear . 
 `` i 'm a florist . 
 a flower design specialist , '' i said around a bite of cheesy goodness . 
 `` i work at a local flower shop , putting together bouquets and arrangements . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i do n't have to sit behind a desk . 
 i do n't have to do math . 
 i get to stare at beautiful flowers all day and make bows with gorgeous ribbons . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you found something you love . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` someday i want to open my own shop . 
 i already have a name . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` bella flora , '' i pronounced , totally butchering the spanish language . 
 nash repeated it . 
 it sound incredibly romantic on his tongue . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` and i love you . '' 
 `` i love you more . '' 
 `` you 're not mad about the dreams ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say i 'm thrilled about it . 
 you with another man is kind of my own personal nightmare . '' 
 `` i did n't have sex with him in the dream . 
 he just kissed me and stuff . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 `` and then you pulled me away . '' 
 `` this is where you belong , bella . '' 
 he pulled me into his lap , cradling me against his chest . 
 `` i 'm so glad we did n't just have traumatic bonding . '' 
 he stilled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i googled it . 
 that 's what it 's called when people get close through trauma . '' 
 he muttered under his breath , `` you googled it . '' 
 then louder he said , `` you should have looked up post traumatic stress disorder . 
 only a girl suffering from that would push away a catch like me . '' 
 i stifled a laugh . 
 `` hmmm . 
 maybe i should look that up . '' 
 i made a move to get up . 
 his grip tightened and he growled . 
 `` no more google . '' 
 i kissed the underside of his chin . 
 `` deal . '' 
 `` if you ever want to know how i feel , just ask me . 
 i 'm more than willing to tell you . '' 
 `` i think i can tell how you 're feeling right now , '' i murmured , desire thick in my voice . 
 his growing erection nudged me again . 
 `` it 's not morning , bella , '' he whispered , making goose bumps rise along my arms . 
 `` it 's all you . '' 
 `` we have lost time to make up for , '' i said , turning in his lap , sinking down onto him instantly . 
 `` by all means , '' he said , gripping my hips and rocking me across his hardness . 
 `` get to work . '' 
 a very long time later , i fell asleep , not on the floor , but in his arms . 
 a place i planned to sleep for the rest of my life . 
 just before slipping away , a thought of duke drifted over my mind . 
 i pushed it away , unwilling to let a dead man who tried to kill us tempt me away from happiness . 
 i knew that vowing to never think of him again was fruitless . 
 what he did was something that could n't be forgotten . 
 but not letting those thoughts consume me was something i could do . 
 the last thought i had before sleep claimed me completely was that controlling my thoughts was a lot easier than controlling my dreams ... i came awake with soft caresses . 
 barely there touches that glided over my skin , making me hyper aware of every single thing i felt . 
 my eyes were heavy-from sleep , from lust . 
 i kept them closed , allowing the sensations of his hands and mouth to consume me . 
 i could get used to this ... to wake up to this every single day . 
 his tongue circled my belly button , and then he scattered kisses across my belly and landed on my hip . 
 he pressed his slightly open mouth to the hollowed area between my hip and my pelvis , making my hips lurch upward and my hands search for his head . 
 `` more , '' i whispered , my sleepy voice tinged with pleading . 
 he kissed lower , burying his nose and mouth in my short , springy curls , all the while his mouth sliding lower . 
 i opened my legs for him . 
 they were already trembling . 
 he gripped the outside of my hips and yanked me forward so the most secret place of me collided with his mouth . 
 i groaned . 
 his tongue began to work me into a tizzy . 
 i grasped for him but could n't quite reach as new sensations rolled over me and i fell back against the sheets once more , submitting to every single thing he made me feel . 
 my foot slid along his waist , cupping his ribcage and urging him closer . 
 two fingers tested my soaking wet opening , but i made a sound of protest . 
 `` you , '' i murmured . 
 `` i just want you . '' 
 he crawled up my body , rubbing along me like a cat , and i moaned again , hooking my legs around his waist . 
 `` nash , '' i sighed . 
 he said nothing . 
 something uneasy broke through my heavy desire . 
 i was dreaming . 
 it was just like before . 
 wake up , ava ! 
 i yelled at myself . 
 but it seemed the dream had me in its grip . 
 i was torn . 
 i wanted to get away ... yet i wanted to continue . 
 please , not again . 
 the thought whimpered through my mind . 
 finally , we were together . 
 the island was behind us . 
 the dreams were behind ... duke was gone . 
 `` open your eyes , '' the man above me whispered . 
 i squeezed them shut harder and shook my head . 
 if it was n't nash , i would never forgive myself . 
 i would be haunted forever with the dreams about another man . 
 a man i most certainly did n't want , but seemed to have the ability to kidnap my dreams . 
 a large , warm hand closed over my breast . 
 i arched up off the bed . 
 so good ... no ! 
 stop that ! 
 i yelled at myself . 
 then he gripped my nipple and twisted it just lightly . 
 pleasure tingled through every ounce of me . 
 `` look at the man your heart truly desires , '' the man whispered again . 
 i tried to decipher his voice . 
 i could n't . 
 i was so upset and caught between dream ad reality i did n't know what to do . 
 there was only one thing i could do . 
 i took a breath . 
 and opened my eyes . 
 i blinked , adjusting to the dim lighting , and nervously looked up at the man who was hovering over me , ready to take me . 
 it was nash . 
 `` bella , '' he whispered when my eyes collided with his . 
 relief so strong poured over me as nash reached out to stroke my cheek . 
 and then he entered me in one long , hard stroke . 
 i took his face in my hands and stared up at him . 
 overjoyed with this man . 
 my heart and body was so full of him that there was no room for anyone else . 
 there was only him . 
 in my heart . 
 in my dreams . 
 in my forever . 
 the end 
