 foreward when i first planned the beautifully broken series , i planned it as three books . 
 pax 's story , gabriel 's story and dominic 's story . 
 but , as characters often do , brand killien wove his way into my heart , and yours , and he demanded that his voice be heard . 
 i received so many e-mails from readers asking for more brand , to hear his background , to see him get his happily ever after . 
 this story is for you . 
 because you asked . 
 prologue i 'm dreaming of bullets and blood . 
 like always . 
 there are the screams , of course , because there are always screams . 
 high-pitched and shrill , low and keening . 
 they 're full of pain , full of anguish , full of torment . 
 it 's a torturous sound and i twist and turn , trying to get away from it . 
 that 's when i realize something . 
 outside of my dream , out where the silence is thick and heavy , there 's a sound . 
 a real sound . 
 the ring of a phone is breaking the silence apart , splintering the night into a million pieces . 
 my eyes snap open , staring blearily at the clock . 
 three a.m. . 
 a call at this hour is never anything good . 
 old training kicks in and my senses numb , detaching me from the situation as i fumble for my phone . 
 whatever it is , i 'll be calm and ready . 
 that 's who i am and what i 'm trained to be . 
 punching a button , i hold the device to my ear . 
 i wait , expecting to hear my best friend , gabe , his sister jacey , or any number of our friends . 
 i 'm always the go-to person to bail someone out of trouble , mostly because i am calm and unflustered . 
 i do n't judge people for their shit . 
 for these reasons , i 'm used to these calls . 
 but i 'm not used to the voice who speaks in the darkness . 
 a thin , frail voice i have n't heard in years . 
 `` brand ? '' 
 the voice is like a punch to my gut and i 'm instantly still , every nerve ending frozen . 
 `` mom , '' i utter , the word foreign on my tongue . 
 she does n't acknowledge that i even spoke . 
 she sighs , a shaky sound in the dark . 
 `` it 's your dad . 
 he had a heart attack tonight . '' 
 she pauses and i say nothing , although my heart begins to pound , filling my ears with a rush , rush , rushing sound . 
 my blood is ice being pumped through my veins , chilling my fingers and my toes , deadening every emotion . 
 i do n't answer her . 
 a silent beat passes . 
 then another . 
 finally she speaks again , her voice tired and rough . 
 `` he 's gone , brand . '' 
 i remain silent and frozen , unable to move , although my palms immediately grow sweaty , my breath rapid in my throat . 
 i 'm afraid if i speak , this wo n't be real . 
 it will be part of my dream , and when i wake , it will all go away . 
 so i do n't say a word . 
 be real . 
 `` i need you to come home , '' my mother adds . 
 her call to action frees me and i 'm able to move again . 
 i nod , once , curtly . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 because this is real . 
 i hang up without another word , my hands shaky . 
 i stare at my left hand , at my fingers , thick and long . 
 i 'm a grown man . 
 yet the mere thought of my father instinctively causes my hands to shake , like the scared boy i once was . 
 i allow myself to feel the impotent emotion for only one moment , before i channel the fear into rage , a blinding hot rage that i have every right to feel . 
 my father is dead . 
 i should be upset , devastated even . 
 a normal person would be . 
 but in addition to my rage , there 's only one thing i feel . 
 relief . 
 chapter one nora `` nora , are you listening ? '' 
 no . 
 i turn my attention away from the cars driving slowly by on the small town 's main street to look at my father . 
 maxwell greene 's piercing eyes are trained on me now , the silver at his temples glinting in the sun , and i gulp . 
 `` yes , of course , '' i lie . 
 he nods , pacified . 
 `` good . 
 i know this last year of law school was difficult , but it 's over now . 
 i want you to take the summer off , rest here in angel bay with your mother , then in the fall , you 'll take over the legal team at green corp as planned . '' 
 he 's ecstatic , of course , because it 's everything he 's ever wanted . 
 it 's always been the plan , since the moment i started elementary school . 
 probably , actually , since before i was born . 
 `` what about peter ? '' 
 i ask him hesitantly , picturing the middle-aged attorney who until now has been the vice president of legal affairs for our company . 
 he 's always been nice to me , always showed me pictures of his pretty wife and four daughters . 
 my father rolls his eyes . 
 `` he 'll be cut loose . 
 he 's known this was coming for a while , i 'm sure . 
 everyone knew you were at stanford studying law . 
 they can connect dots , nora . '' 
 he 's so blase about ruining someone 's life . 
 i swallow hard , fiddling with the straw in my glass of lemonade . 
 the umbrella from our little bistro table on the wide sidewalk casts a shadow across my shoulders , and i almost shiver . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's from the chilly lake breeze , or if it 's from my father 's cold attitude . 
 he stares harshly at me now . 
 `` nora , you 've got to grow a set of balls . 
 there 's no pu ** y-footing around corporate law . 
 you have to kill or be killed . 
 i need you to be a greene and do what it takes . 
 be who i need you to be . '' 
 his voice is even colder than his stare . 
 i shirk away from it out of old habit . 
 `` okay , '' i whisper . 
 my mother pipes up finally , from across the table , smiling a magnificent smile . 
 out of all of us , she 's always been the kindest . 
 the sweetest . 
 and she knows i need rescuing right now . 
 i see it in her soft blue eyes . 
 `` ma belle fille , '' she sings , reaching over and grasping my hand . 
 `` we 'll have a glorious summer . 
 you can ride rebel , you can rest on the beach , we 'll get manicures and pedicures ... we 'll have tea and croissants . 
 it will be lovely . 
 you need the rest . '' 
 my beautiful daughter . 
 my mother 's french accent is as strong as ever , even though she 's lived in the states since she married my father twenty-five years ago . 
 it charms everyone who hears it . 
 i smile at her , genuine now . 
 `` thanks , maman . 
 i 'm looking forward to spending time with you . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 that 's not a lie . 
 what i have n't missed is my father . 
 and the constant lectures about being `` a good greene '' and how i need to do what i can for the greater good of the family and our business . 
 no matter the personal cost . 
 and my personal cost has been great . 
 not that anyone cares . 
 but the bitterness is welling up again and if i do n't tamp it down , it will overwhelm me . 
 that wo n't help anything . 
 she does n't know , i remind myself . 
 `` how 's rebel ? '' 
 i ask my mother , purposely changing the subject to that of my old horse . 
 i have n't seen him since last summer . 
 my mom chatters about him , about how fat he 's getting and i turn away again . 
 to make my resentment recede , i look at the clouds , at the cars , at the quaint little shops , at the intersection . 
 anything to distract me , anything to make the bitter taste of what happened to me go away . 
 she does n't know . 
 but my father does . 
 i glance at him , and the anger rears its head again . 
 yes , he knows . 
 do what it takes , nora . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 it 's over now . 
 it 's over . 
 no one can fix it anyway . 
 all i can do now is be a good greene . 
 with a hard stare , i focus on the intersection again , willing myself to find interest in something else . 
 anything else . 
 a red car comes to a stop , then goes through . 
 angel bay is so small that there 's only one major intersection and it 's right here in front of the cafe . 
 there 's not even a light , just a four-way stop . 
 if you want to people watch , this is the best place to do it . 
 my mother chats in her charming voice , and i absently stare as a white suburban turns left . 
 a yellow beetle then lets a young mother pushing a stroller cross the street before he goes . 
 he waves as he passes , a friendly stranger . 
 i smile . 
 angel bay is full of friendly strangers . 
 they 're used to summer tourists , and they 're friendly to each of them , happy to have their tourist dollars , happy to share their little town by lake michigan . 
 down the road , a faded white bus coasts down the road . 
 signs are fastened to the sides and i can just make one out . 
 honk for the annual troop 52 camping trip . 
 i smile again at the little cub scouts who have their faces pressed to the windows . 
 they 're probably headed for warren dunes state park ... so they 're almost there , and as little boys often are , they 're getting antsy . 
 behind the bus , a huge navy blue pick-up truck follows at a respectable distance . 
 the windows are tinted , but i see a glimpse of sunny blonde hair . 
 i stare a bit harder , out of idle curiosity . 
 people watching has always been a hobby . 
 watching other people 's lives distracts me from my own . 
 it 's pathetic , but true . 
 as the truck draws closer and i get a better view of the driver 's face , i almost gasp aloud . 
 it ca n't be . 
 i peer closer , my eyes narrowed behind my sunglasses . 
 the driver of the truck is also wearing sunglasses , which makes it harder to see for sure . 
 but that blond hair ... honey blond hair that it looks like it has been kissed by the sun . 
 the chiseled cheekbones , cleft in the chin , the strong jawline , the proud nose . 
 i would recognize that profile anywhere , even through a heavily tinted windshield , even though the last time i 'd seen it was almost ten years ago . 
 brand killien . 
 no way . 
 i realize that i 'm holding my breath and i inhale , still staring at him . 
 he still looks like a norse god , still like the boy i had fallen in love with so many years ago . 
 he did n't know , of course , because i 'm four years younger . 
 i was so not on his radar . 
 but he was always on mine ... for a couple of reasons . 
 one , because he 's always been the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . 
 two , and even more importantly , he makes me feel good . 
 safe and sound . 
 like when i 'm with him , nothing can hurt me , nothing can touch me . 
 i fantasized about him every single summer , and then one year , i came back to angel bay after a long winter , only to find that brand was n't here . 
 he 'd gone away to college and then joined the army . 
 every summer after that , i watched for him to come home . 
 every summer after that , he was n't here . 
 people chattered , of course , because angel bay is so small and that 's what small town people do . 
 in the tiny grocery , i heard that he became some badass special ops soldier , that he was in the rangers in afghanistan . 
 in the cafe , i heard that something terrible happened to him there , that he 'd come home after that . 
 but much to my disappointment , he never came back to angel bay . 
 until now . 
 butterflies explode in my stomach , their wings tickling my ribs , their writhing velvety bodies pressed against my diaphragm , making it hard to breathe . 
 it 's like even they know the reverence of this moment , the absolute miracle that it is . 
 brand killien is here . 
 a farm truck pulling a flat-bed trailer lurches forward at the intersection , blocking my view momentarily . 
 i lean forward , trying to subtly find brand again , just to make sure he 's there , that i had n't just imagined him . 
 that 's when i see the problem , and even though it happens too quickly for me to even scream , it seems to happen in slow motion at the same time . 
 a dump truck barrels through the intersection from the other side , slamming into the ammonia tank on the farm truck 's trailer . 
 the explosion is immediate and severe . 
 i feel the intense rush of heat before i hear the boom . 
 but when the boom comes , it splits apart the sky . 
 it 's so loud that it reverberates in my chest , rattling each of my ribs and setting the butterflies free . 
 suddenly , i 'm in the air . 
 my legs dangle like a pitiful rag doll and the breeze is all around me . 
 i 'm in the breeze . 
 i am the breeze . 
 things come in visceral snippets now as i fly . 
 heat . 
 noise . 
 screams . 
 cracks . 
 glass . 
 my flight is short and i slam into something hard , my head cracking against the floor . 
 the floor ? 
 blackness . 
 heat . 
 when i open my eyes , i 'm not sure how much time has passed , only that my head feels heavy , a splitting pain coming from the back of it . 
 with shaking fingers , i touch it , and my fingertips come back covered in blood . 
 i look up . 
 the heat is from fire . 
 and the fire is all around . 
 i 'm in a pile of rubble in what used to be the cafe . 
 boards and ceiling and tables are piled around me , and people are on the floor . 
 dust is everywhere and i can hardly see through it . 
 but i can see the fire . 
 and i can see brand . 
 like some sort of magnificent and fierce angel , he strides through the dark smoke , and i see him pry the school bus doors open . 
 he leaps inside , and a scant moment later , he emerges with a child in his muscled arms . 
 he hands the child to someone , then goes back into the smoking , charred bus . 
 over and over , i watch this process . 
 some of the children he carries out are bloody , some are limp . 
 but he continues to make the trips . 
 finally , he comes out empty handed . 
 he stands still for a moment , and i see how his shirt is ripped down the front . 
 i can see a chiseled washboard behind the large tear . 
 i see how soot is smeared across his cheeks , and the same soot has turned his hair black . 
 i see him take a deep breath , i see him look around at the carnage on the street , looking for someone else to save . 
 and then he sees me . 
 i do need saved . 
 more than he 'll ever know . 
 his eyes are a blue so bright that i ca n't even name it . 
 sapphire , maybe ? 
 they shine through the soot , through the flames . 
 he focuses on me , then with long steps , he comes to me . 
 straight to me . 
 through the chaos , through the havoc . 
 `` miss , are you alright ? '' 
 his voice is husky , probably from the smoke . 
 i ca n't move . 
 `` i 'm stuck , '' i manage to tell him . 
 `` my legs . '' 
 my legs are beneath splintered boards , boards that used to be a cafe wall . 
 as i glance up at brand , i see my parents on the street , standing with an emt . 
 i can see my mother 's frantic arm movements , and i can read her lips . 
 my daughter . 
 i take a breath , but there 's no way she 'd hear me if i called . 
 she 'll have to wait . 
 brand draws my attention back to him , back to his brilliant blue eyes , by speaking . 
 `` i 'm going to get this stuff off of you . 
 i 'll try not to hurt you , '' he tells me calmly . 
 with muscular arms , he lifts the jagged boards off of me , one by one . 
 true to his word , he does n't hurt me . 
 when he 's finished , when i 'm free , he does n't help me stand . 
 he bends and scoops me up instead . 
 my head rests against his chest and i can hear his heart as he carries me effortlessly through the mayhem . 
 ba-bump . 
 ba-bump . 
 his heart is as strong as he is . 
 i focus on that , on the strong beats , instead of looking at the people on the floor . 
 instead of looking at the blood , or smelling the smoke , or having a panic attack . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 brand asks me , looking down at me . 
 his face is confident , his voice calm . 
 `` you 're going to be all right . '' 
 i nod because i believe him , because how could i not trust a voice that sure of itself ? 
 but then it does n't matter . 
 because out of nowhere , i hear a nauseatingly loud crack , and all of a sudden , the wall next to us comes down in a mass of metallic shrieks and groans and shards . 
 it shears my arm , and i can smell the blood . 
 i 'm knocked free from brand 's safe grasp , yanked from his arms , and i 'm falling , falling , falling . 
 then it all goes black and stays that way . 
 <br/> what 's your name ? 
 `` brand killien , '' i mutter . 
 how old are you ? 
 `` twenty-seven . '' 
 are you allergic to anything ? 
 no . 
 can we call anyone for you ? 
 `` no . '' 
 i open my eyes when they jam an iv into my arm , and the lights are bright , and the medicine feeding into me blurs it all together . 
 a nurse 's face blurs in front of me . 
 `` you 're going in to surgery , sweetheart , '' she tells me . 
 i ca n't see her face even though my eyes are wide open . 
 `` your artery was nicked . 
 they have to fix it . '' 
 my f ** king artery was nicked ? 
 you 've got to be kidding me . 
 i survived the bloody hills of afghanistan . 
 i 'm not going to bleed to death here . 
 no f ** king way . 
 holy shit . 
 why did n't i have them call gabe or jacey ... just in case ? 
 i try to mutter that , to tell them to call gabe , but they ca n't understand me . 
 another face blurs over me , someone with black hair . 
 `` everything will be all right , sir . 
 just count backward from one hundred . '' 
 the light swirls , the noise echoes . 
 ninety-nine . 
 ninety-eight . 
 ninety-seven . 
 nothing . 
 nothing . 
 i hear my father 's heavy footsteps stepping out of my little sister 's room , closing the door with a click , then leaning heavily on the bannister as he walks down the stairs . 
 seventeen-creak . 
 sixteen-creak . 
 each of the seventeen steps groans , and then there is silence once again . 
 staring up at the ceiling , i wait until i hear the muffler of his old truck fire up before i breathe again . 
 he 's gone . 
 relief rushes through me and i feel stupid . 
 i 'm six years old . 
 i should n't be so afraid . 
 but i am . 
 i get up to go to the bathroom , something i 'd never do when he was still at home . 
 i would n't risk it . 
 i tip-toe into the kitchen and grab a handful of cookies , being careful not to tip over the cookie jar onto the floor , before i make my way back to my room , running through the shadows , leaping into bed . 
 i turn onto my side and stare out my windows as i chew the chocolate chips . 
 my mother had made them tonight , specially for dinner , only my father would n't let me have one . 
 `` boys who do n't watch their little sisters do n't get cookies , '' he 'd told me sternly , eyeing me with his cold blue eyes . 
 i 'd gulp and peered through my eyelashes at alison . 
 she was happily munching on a cookie , the crumbs gathering on the front of her shirt . 
 her grubby fingers grasped her sugary treasure and she was oblivious to the trouble i 'm in because of her . 
 `` but i was watching her , '' i told my father . 
 `` i tried to make her come in and wash up for dinner , she just would n't listen . '' 
 my father was unsympathetic . 
 `` she 's only four . 
 you have to look out for her . 
 you 're bigger than she is . 
 are you telling me that you ca n't take ahold of her arm and bring her in ? 
 are you that weak , branden ? '' 
 i gulped , shaking my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head , his steely eyes piercing me . 
 `` i 'm not sure about that . 
 if it happens again , i 'll have to teach you a lesson . 
 i 'll show you exactly how you can make someone smaller and weaker do what you want . '' 
 panic welled up in me then , and it wells up in me now , at the mere memory . 
 i do n't want to get that lesson . 
 i stare out the window at the lake , watching the water roll gently into the beach . 
 at night , the sand looks silver . 
 the gulls are asleep , so everything is silent but for the rippling water . 
 a white ball appears , floating to and fro in the tide , and i watch it for a while , watching as it floats , then disappears . 
 i wish i could be that ball and float far from here . 
 with a start , i open my eyes and the light is blinding . 
 i squint my eyes toward it , trying to process where i am . 
 medicinal smells , sterile walls . 
 the hospital . 
 i groan , and my throat is raspy . 
 i recognize that feeling . 
 i must 've had a breathing tube . 
 surgery . 
 i also recognize the foggy aftereffects of anesthesia . 
 what the hell ? 
 a nurse bustles through the door , her eyes widening when she sees me awake . 
 her cool fingers find my pulse , counting the beats . 
 `` mr. killien , '' she smiles . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're awake . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 i swallow again , trying to swallow past the raw throat . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her honestly . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 her eyes are full of sympathy . 
 `` you saved a bus full of kids , '' she tells me . 
 `` there was an accident , a truck ran a stop-sign and slammed into an ammonia tank . 
 there was an explosion . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 i think on that , and i do remember . 
 i remember the smoke and the blood and the kids . 
 and then i remember the red-haired girl . 
 `` there was a girl , '' i tell the nurse . 
 `` a woman , i mean . 
 red hair . 
 i was carrying her when the building collapsed on us . 
 is she okay ? 
 did she live ? '' 
 god , she had to live . 
 she trusted me . 
 her eyes , so big and blue , told me that . 
 she counted on me to carry her out and i did n't . 
 my gut squeezes and i wince in pain . 
 but the nurse is already nodding . 
 `` everyone lived , mr. killien . 
 and i think you mean ms. greene . 
 she 's here and she 's been asking about you , too . 
 can i tell her that you 're awake ? 
 she 's been very worried about you . '' 
 ms. greene ? 
 i nod and the nurse smiles . 
 `` i 'll tell her . 
 she 's been waiting here for the last several hours . 
 she was lucky - she and her parents only sustained minor injuries . 
 she did n't want to leave until you woke up . '' 
 i sigh with relief . 
 even though i could n't carry her out , she 's okay . 
 thank god . 
 i close my eyes , my mind fuzzy from anesthesia . 
 the room spins outside of my eyelids , but inside of them , it 's black and still . 
 and then someone clears her voice softly . 
 i open my eyes . 
 they instantly meet the blue-eyed gaze of the girl . 
 ms. greene . 
 for a second , there 's something familiar there , something that niggles at me . 
 do i know her ? 
 but i scan the rest of her ... the long dark red hair that flows halfway down her back , her slender body , her lush chest and hips . 
 even through the fog of medicine , my groin registers her obvious beauty . 
 i 'd remember if i knew her . 
 she smiles , a brilliant white smile . 
 i notice she has dirt on her cheeks and forehead . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asks , her voice as soft as silk . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 i will be , i guess . '' 
 she looks at my leg sympathetically , her eyes clouded . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 you would n't even have been in the cafe if it were n't for me . 
 it 's my fault you 're here in this bed . '' 
 i 'm already shaking my head . 
 no way . 
 i know what it 's like to take responsibility for something that was n't my fault . 
 i wo n't let this girl do it . 
 `` no , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` i wanted to help . 
 if i had n't seen you , i 'd have seen someone else , so i would 've been in there anyway . '' 
 probably . 
 she shakes her head slightly , the edges of her mouth tilted up . 
 `` such a gentleman , '' she murmurs . 
 she slides into the chair by my bed , graceful and elegant . 
 `` you do n't recognize me , do you , brand ? '' 
 my head snaps up when she uses my name . 
 she does know me . 
 i examine her again . 
 her face . 
 her nose . 
 her hair . 
 her eyes . 
 ms. greene . 
 the greenes . 
 good lord . 
 i fight a groan . 
 i 've been gone from here too long . 
 i 've forgotten too many things . 
 in this case , the greenes are an angel bay staple . 
 they own a huge lakeside estate that they only reside at in the summers , and they 're members at the country club where i used to work . 
 i do know her . 
 or , i remember the girl she used to be . 
 she 's certainly grown up now . 
 `` i used to park your father 's car at the club , '' i say slowly . 
 nora smiles . 
 `` and you picked me up out of the dirt once . 
 do you remember that ? '' 
 i do . 
 nora was younger , a teenager then , and her horse had thrown her off . 
 i 'd been walking to the clubhouse to get a soda for my break and i 'd seen the whole thing . 
 she 'd gone sprawling into the dirt , and the first thing she 'd done was stare furtively around , to make sure no one had seen . 
 it was a nasty spill though , so i had gone to check on her . 
 her hands were shaky and i did n't want to leave her alone , even though it was strictly against the rules for valet staff to mingle with club members . 
 `` did my father see ? '' 
 she 'd asked me quickly , her lip caught in her teeth . 
 there was a spot of blood from her braces , and i 'd reached out and wiped it off for her . 
 she was n't concerned about her cut lip , though . 
 she was terrified that her father had seen her mistake . 
 `` no , '' i assured her . 
 `` i 'm the only one around . '' 
 `` thank god , '' she 'd breathed . 
 `` do you want me to go get him ? '' 
 i asked her quickly , thinking that he might help her calm down . 
 she 'd grabbed my arm , hard , her fingernails sinking in . 
 `` please do n't , '' she 'd begged , her eyes suddenly full of tears . 
 `` please . '' 
 it had shocked me , her immediate and adamant refusal . 
 it was like she was scared of him . 
 i 'd assured her that i would n't get him , and i 'd taken her inside to calm her down myself . 
 i stayed with her for half an hour . 
 `` i got written up for that , '' i remember slowly . 
 nora 's face clouds over . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she asks in confusion . 
 `` why in the world ? '' 
 from the astonished expression on her face , i almost believe that she does n't know . 
 `` your dad complained , '' i tell her simply . 
 `` someone mentioned it to him , and he reported me . 
 valets were n't supposed to socialize with members , you know . '' 
 `` you were n't socializing , '' she points out . 
 `` you were helping me . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` it was a long time ago . '' 
 but her eyes are still dismayed . 
 a part of me finds satisfaction in that . 
 maybe she 's not the ice bitch i expected her to be . 
 with a father like hers , though , i do n't know how that 's possible . 
 `` i just wanted to check on you , '' nora tells me now hesitantly . 
 `` i feel responsible and i wanted to help . 
 so i told them they might want to call your mother . 
 you did n't have any contacts listed in your wallet , and your phone was password protected . '' 
 my mother ? 
 i stopped listening to her words as soon as she mentioned my mother . 
 `` why would they call my mother ? '' 
 i ask stupidly . 
 nora shakes her head in confusion . 
 `` because you were here alone . 
 i did n't know who else to call . 
 i thought you might want a family member ... '' her voice trails off as she stares at my face . 
 `` i see now that i was wrong . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i was just trying to help . '' 
 she was . 
 i 'm sure of that . 
 but calling my mother was the furthest possible thing from helping . 
 `` did she even bother to come ? '' 
 i ask tiredly . 
 i 'd driven twelve hours to get here because she summoned me , and i doubt my mother even bothered to come to the hospital . 
 nora shakes her head hesitantly . 
 `` she told the nurse that she 'd come pick you up when you were released . '' 
 yet i 'd gone into surgery with a nicked artery . 
 for all she knew , i could 've died on the table and she still did n't come . 
 why does that surprise me ? 
 she did n't bother to call and check on me when i was on the battlefields in afghanistan , either . 
 nausea rolls through my stomach and i swallow hard . 
 `` well , that 's not a surprise . 
 thank you for trying to help , ms. greene . 
 i appreciate it . 
 i know you must be tired . 
 you do n't need to stay with me . '' 
 she lifts her blue eyes . 
 `` call me nora . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 thanks for checking on me , nora . 
 i 'm glad you 're all right . '' 
 her eyes soften , glistening with something i ca n't name . 
 `` thank you for making me okay . 
 you pulled me out , brand . 
 if it were n't for you ... '' i interrupt . 
 `` if i had n't pulled you out , someone else would 've . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` maybe . 
 but either way , thank you . 
 i 'm going to check on you again tomorrow . '' 
 something soft lives in her eyes , but then she hides it . 
 i should tell her not to come , i should tell her to not even bother . 
 but the soft look in her eyes , that fleeting expression , kills the words on my tongue . 
 she seems like a person who does n't let that softness shine through often . 
 instead , i nod . 
 `` i 'm sure i 'll still be here . '' 
 i glance down at my leg and sigh heavily . 
 nora almost flinches . 
 `` i hope you get some rest , '' she says as she walks out . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 she walks toward the open door , and i watch her h * ps gently sway until she abruptly stops in the doorway . 
 she turns and looks at me , her gaze meeting mine . 
 electricity jolts between us , between her soft gaze and my own . 
 hers holds a promise . 
 i 'll be back . 
 for some reason , i like that . 
 maybe because i 'm from a world where there were never any promises , where tomorrow was never expected or hoped for , where parents do n't even show up at the hospital . 
 whatever . 
 i should n't encourage her . 
 i 'm not going to be here for long . 
 so i look away , breaking our gaze . 
 i know she walks away because i can feel the absence of her stare . 
 i glance back , and sure enough , she 's gone . 
 oddly , i feel alone now . 
 i do n't really even know her , but now that she 's gone , i feel alone . 
 i 'm not alone for long . 
 a doctor enters my room after a few minutes . 
 `` mr. killien , '' he says , flipping through my chart . 
 `` you were really lucky today . 
 your artery was nicked , but we repaired it . 
 your leg , however ... '' he trails off , then refocuses . 
 `` your leg was obviously previously injured , probably severely . 
 you had several plates and screws from your foot to your hip . 
 you hyper-extended your knee today , but you also re-damaged the soft-tissue around your ankle . 
 i know you 're probably tired of physical therapy , but it 's going to take some diligent pt to strengthen that area again . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 his voice really is sorry and so are his eyes , but that does n't make his news any less grim . 
 `` your thigh needs absolute rest . 
 i do n't want you to break open those sutures . 
 and your knee ... stay off of it for now , no weight bearing . 
 you can bear weight as tolerated as time goes by . 
 did you injure your leg overseas ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i look at him questioningly . 
 he glances down . 
 `` your tattoos . 
 i assume you 're a soldier . 
 or you were . '' 
 i nod once . 
 `` yeah . 
 my humvee exploded . 
 my leg was shattered . 
 it took months of rehab for me to walk . '' 
 the doctor nods grimly . 
 `` i thought as much . 
 i do n't know what to tell you for a prognosis this time . 
 since your previous injury was so severe , it 's going to make recovering this time a bit harder . 
 i have no doubt that you 'll overcome it , you 'll just have to be very diligent with rehab . 
 rest it , ice it , stay off of it . '' 
 his words are meant to bolster me , but they do n't . 
 instead , i close my eyes . 
 `` we 'll send a physical therapist to your house . 
 where will you be staying ? '' 
 that 's a good question . 
 `` i 'll probably be going back home , '' i tell him quickly . 
 but he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't want you to go anywhere for at least a week or two . 
 primarily , i do n't want your artery disturbed . 
 we patched it up , but as you might be aware , femoral artery injuries are nothing to mess with . 
 i do n't want you jarring it with travel . 
 but also , you 've got to keep weight off that foot . 
 your driver 's license listed a connecticut address . 
 is that where you live ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` my father just died . 
 i 'm only here to take care of that . 
 i 'll be going home soon . '' 
 the doctor is already shaking his head . 
 `` i would rest here for at least a couple of weeks . 
 if possible , you should stay longer , to get that knee healed up . 
 if you absolutely ca n't , then you can travel when your artery completely heals . 
 until then , though , you 've got to stay put . '' 
 he goes over a few other things with me , and then he slips back out . 
 i do the only thing i can think of . 
 i call gabe . 
 as my best friend and business partner , he and i have been through hell and high water together . 
 we spent every summer together while he was staying here with his grandparents , we attended west point together , we made the rangers together , and we were together when our humvee was bombed by taliban rebels . 
 he answers on the first ring . 
 `` whattup , bro ? '' 
 i quickly give him a run down . 
 `` jesus , '' gabe breathes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , brand . 
 i had no idea . 
 i 'll be on the next flight . '' 
 `` no , '' i tell him quickly . 
 `` there 's no reason to do that . 
 it 's just a leg injury , not heart surgery . 
 you ca n't make me heal quicker . 
 but can i use your cottage ? '' 
 gabe and his sister jacey had inherited their grandparents ' lake cottage . 
 i spent so much time down there with them growing up that honestly , it feels like a second home . 
 gabe does n't hesitate . 
 he does n't ask about my mother , he does n't ask any questions at all . 
 he simply agrees . 
 `` of course , '' he tells me . 
 `` mi casa is su casa . 
 you know where we keep the key . 
 but when i tell jacey , she 's going to freak out . 
 she 's in europe with dominic for a couple of weeks , but i bet she 'll be on the first plane home when i tell her . '' 
 gabe 's sister . 
 beautiful , feisty , blonde jacey . 
 she was like a little sister to me , until all of a sudden , she was n't . 
 hormones and sex appeal suck balls . 
 i hesitate , and gabe knows why . 
 i 'd fallen in love with jacey , and she 'd married someone else . 
 it was a bitter pill . 
 `` dude , '' he tells me . 
 `` she loves you . 
 she 's going to want to come mother you . '' 
 dude . 
 she did n't love me enough . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 i also do n't say that i ca n't bear for her to come smother me with attention ... attention which is only that of someone who considers me ` like a brother . ' 
 i ca n't f ** king take it . 
 `` then let 's not tell her for a week or two , '' i suggest . 
 `` she 's in europe , for god 's sake . 
 let 's not spoil her trip . '' 
 gabe sighs . 
 `` fine . 
 but you get to be the one to explain why we did n't call right away . '' 
 `` fine , '' i mutter . 
 `` do n't worry about work , '' gabe tells me . 
 `` you know it 's practically taking care of itself right now anyway . 
 can i set up some sort of home nurse or something ? 
 you 're not going to be able to travel home for a while , dude . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` i know . '' 
 the anesthesia has worn off enough that hot fingers of pain are beginning to wrap around my knee and ankle . 
 by tomorrow , it 's going to hurt like hell . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want a home nurse . 
 thank you , though . '' 
 `` let me know if you change your mind , '' gabe tells me . 
 `` and if you decide you need me , call me . 
 i 'll be on the next plane . '' 
 `` stay home with your wife , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 've got this . '' 
 `` i know you do . '' 
 gabe hangs up and i stare at the wall . 
 fuck this . 
 i did n't want to be here in the first place , and now i 'm f ** king stuck here . 
 i ca n't roll onto my side , i ca n't even get up to take a piss . 
 growling , i stuff the crinkly hospital pillow over my head to drown out the hospital sounds . 
 this is real . 
 i need to get used to it . 
 chapter three nora i stare at the little newspaper on the kitchen island . 
 brand 's picture is plastered to the front , along with a big headline . 
 local hero has n't lost his touch . 
 the story goes on to detail how brand was a lt. colonel in the seventy-fifth regiment army rangers , served a colorful stint overseas in afghanistan and earned a purple heart . 
 his father died last week and lt. col killien retuned home only to save a bus of cub scouts upon arrival here . 
 the picture was taken by a by-stander , and it shows brand carrying a kid off the smoking bus . 
 there 's fire all around him , but he does n't even seem to notice . 
 instead , he 's tall and strong , and rises out of the wreckage like the hero he is . 
 he 's here because his father died . 
 i do n't even realize i have goose-bumps until my mother sits next to me and rubs them off of my arms . 
 `` that was something , was n't it ? '' 
 she murmurs , handing me a glass of fresh orange juice as she glances at the picture of brand . 
 `` it was something , '' i agree . 
 `` he saved me , maman . 
 he picked me up and carried me out of that building . '' 
 `` well , almost , '' my mother smiles . 
 `` but he was certainly amazing and i , for one , am certainly in his debt for coming to your rescue . 
 is n't that the boy who used to work at the club ? 
 i seem to remember that you were frequently tongue-tied whenever he was around . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'm all grown up now , '' i announce . 
 `` no one tongue ties me . '' 
 well , hardly anyone . 
 but that 's neither here nor there . 
 `` i 'm going to the hospital again today , '' i tell her . 
 `` do you need anything from town ? 
 when is dad going back to chicago ? '' 
 mom looks away . 
 `` he left early this morning , my love . '' 
 without bothering to say goodbye , or make sure that i 'm really okay . 
 i shake my head . 
 it 's for the best . 
 i did n't want to see him anyway . 
 i push away from the counter and kiss my mother 's cheek , grabbing the newspaper . 
 `` i 'll be home later . '' 
 my mother perks up and smiles at me . 
 `` rebel is waiting for you , '' she says brightly . 
 `` you 'd better take him some carrots on your way out . '' 
 of course i will . 
 the mere thought of my old horse always brightens me up . 
 i 've had him since i was a kid , and although he 's getting old , he 's still perfectly capable of leisurely strolls on the beach . 
 i head straight down to the stables , only stopping to say hello to julian . 
 the groundskeeper/groomsman has been with our family since before i was born . 
 he takes care of this house all winter while we 're gone . 
 `` miss nora , '' he beams , holding his tanned arms out . 
 i fold into him and inhale . 
 julian always smells like sunshine and happiness . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you . 
 rebel too . 
 he is n't the same when you 're away . '' 
 i laugh as i take a step back . 
 `` he should be used to it . 
 i 've been away at school for six years . '' 
 julian grins back . 
 `` yes , but you come back every summer . 
 he waits for that all year . '' 
 a sad but true fact : rebel was my best friend growing up . 
 my father never approved of any friends i tried to bring home from school , so i never had a proverbial bff . 
 rebel was a poor substitution , but he did his best . 
 `` it 's because i bring him carrots , '' i announce , holding out the orange veggies . 
 `` you starve him when i 'm gone . '' 
 julian chuckles , rolling his dark eyes . 
 `` yeah , he 's neglected . 
 i think he 's fat enough to roll out of the stables now . '' 
 i giggle , and continue on my way , anxious to see my old pet . 
 rebel nickers when he sees me , stretching his long chestnut neck out so he can nuzzle my fingers . 
 `` you know i come bearing gifts , do n't you boy ? '' 
 i murmur , stroking his silky coat . 
 he chomps on his carrots , then nudges my hand for more . 
 `` nope , that 's it . 
 julian was n't kidding , '' i tell him , eyeing rebel 's barrel sized belly . 
 `` you 're getting fat . '' 
 rebel flicks his ear , regarding my comment with disdain . 
 i giggle . 
 `` i 'll come back later and ride you . '' 
 he snorts , and i wander out of the stable , and down the winding trail to the beach below . 
 the smells here assail me ... the sand , the sun , the water . 
 it brings back instant memories of playing out here with my older brother nate . 
 fun , lighthearted memories . 
 the images of my brother laughing and running make me smile , until they 're replaced by more recent memories ... of a serious , subdued nate . 
 the nate who is being groomed to take over for my father . 
 distinguished and polished , self-disciplined and sharp . 
 a good greene . 
 i swallow hard as i stand staring out across the water , my feet sinking into the wet sand . 
 i pull off my sandals and dangle them in my fingers . 
 tilting my face to the sun , i absorb it , soaking it in . 
 the sun means health , and happiness and warmth . 
 i can take all of that i can get . 
 what if i do n't want to be a `` good greene '' ? 
 after everything that 's happened this past year , i do n't know if i want any of it . 
 but it 's done now . 
 i start work in the fall . 
 there 's nothing to be done about it . 
 i ignore the nausea in my stomach , fighting to control the billows of anxiety that flood through me . 
 to change the channel in my brain , i focus on something else , anything else that might distract me from my own impending fate . 
 the first thing that comes to me makes me smile through my panic . 
 a golden-haired warrior reminiscent of a norse god . 
 brand . 
 it 's always been brand , even if he has never known it . 
 all through college , even though i dated periodically , no one ever stacked up to the image of the perfect man that i held in my head , the memory that i held close to my heart , the memory that sustained me through horrible things . 
 brand . 
 warmth floods through me and it does n't have anything to do with the sun . 
 i need to see him again . 
 not just because i owe him my life , but because i need to see him . 
 it 's a need i ca n't explain , a feeling that hearkens back to my youth - and it has n't faded over time . 
 if possible , after yesterday , it 's only flared up even stronger . 
 the memory of his calm face staring down at me as he carried me in his arms sends flutters through my belly . 
 god , he makes me feel safe . 
 he makes me feel safe in a world that is dangerous and ugly , a world that has only hurt me . 
 that 's what it boils down to . 
 no matter what ugliness has happened over this past year , there 's one thing , one person , that can eclipse it , because in my head , he 's always personified everything good in the world . 
 brand can take away the ugliness and make me feel good again , even if it 's only an illusion ... a temporary illusion . 
 if i can get brand to want me , then there must be something good in me , something redeeming , something to balance out all of the black ugliness . 
 i know the logic is ridiculous , but i ca n't help how i feel . 
 and honestly , i 'll cling to any notion that gives me hope . 
 and that notion is brand . 
 i 'm only here for the summer , and i doubt brand will be here long , so the window of opportunity is closing by the minute . 
 after futilely watching for him every summer , i know i ca n't waste this opportunity . 
 he 's only here because his father died . 
 this might be my last chance . 
 i know what i have to do . 
 clutching the newspaper under my arm , i drop into my car and head for the hospital . 
 *** i arrive just as a nurse is going over his discharge instructions . 
 no weight bearing at all . 
 keep the wounds clean and dry . 
 pain pills every four to six hours . 
 make sure you take them . 
 i linger in the doorway hesitantly , but then the nurse bustles by . 
 she smiles . 
 `` i 'm glad someone is here , '' she told me . 
 `` he can go home today , but he ca n't drive himself . 
 and ... um ... he does n't have any pants . '' 
 i flush at the thought . 
 `` no pants ? '' 
 the nurse shakes her head . 
 `` no . 
 they had to cut them off when they brought him in . '' 
 she bustles away and i look at brand . 
 he looks so tanned and healthy and strong in the white hospital bed , so entirely out of place in this building full of sickness . 
 but yet still so alone . 
 i ca n't fathom why his mother has n't come . 
 it makes me seethe on the inside , and i 'm so terribly sorry that i called her at all . 
 i can only imagine that she 's grieving , but i 'm sure brand is too . 
 he does n't deserve to be alone . 
 as if brand can hear my thoughts , he looks up . 
 he smiles when he sees me , a smile that shows off one dimple in his cheek , but does n't quite reach his eyes . 
 his eyes take me aback . 
 they 're beautiful , yes . 
 they 're like oceans and oceans of blue . 
 but they 're haunted by something . 
 they scream out his demons to anyone who looks closely enough . 
 `` hey , '' he greets me . 
 `` you did n't need to come back . '' 
 not exactly the greeting i was hoping for . 
 i would 've preferred that he was just the tiniest bit happy to see me . 
 but i paste on a smile and pretend it does n't matter . 
 i 'm good at that . 
 i toss the newspaper onto his lap . 
 `` no ? 
 i had to come back and see the hometown hero , did n't i ? '' 
 brand 's face scrunches in confusion , but then he scans the article . 
 `` oh , geez , '' he mutters . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 that 's sort of what i 'm thinking as i stare at him , perfect , but i do n't mention that , either . 
 `` i hear you do n't have any pants , '' i tell him instead . 
 i try not to imagine what he looks like without pants , because , god , nora . 
 he 's injured . 
 in a hospital bed . 
 get a grip . 
 he grimaces . 
 `` apparently not . '' 
 `` and you ca n't drive , '' i add . 
 he grimaces again . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` and i owe you . 
 so let me take you wherever you need to go . 
 after i get you some pants , '' i add quickly , red staining my cheeks . 
 a slow grin spreads over his face . 
 `` you do n't want to walk out of here with me naked ? '' 
 he asks drily . 
 more than you know , i think . 
 `` nah , '' i say . 
 `` we do n't want to give the little old ladies heart attacks . '' 
 or me . 
 `` what size do you wear ? '' 
 i ask , trying to put the image of naked brand aside . 
 `` 36x34 , '' he answers . 
 `` but it 'll be hard to put pants on , because of the knee brace . 
 shorts will probably be best , but you do n't need to get them . 
 i can ... '' he trails off hesitantly . 
 `` well , i guess i do need to ask you to get them . 
 i do n't know what else i 'd do . 
 my bag 's in my truck , but i do n't know where my truck is . '' 
 he sounds annoyed by that , and i laugh . 
 `` i can see you do n't like to depend on other people , '' i tell him . 
 `` i get that . 
 but trust me , i owe you . 
 i could buy you a million pairs of shorts and my debt would n't be paid . 
 and we 'll figure out where your truck is . '' 
 i walk out while he 's protesting . 
 i return thirty minutes later with a pair of athletic shorts . 
 i toss them to him . 
 `` they 're stretchy , so i figured they would be easier to slide on . '' 
 `` that 's perfect , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm not fancy . '' 
 i 'm awkward and hesitant , because i do n't know what to do now , not while brand holds the shorts in his hand , and i know he needs to put them on . 
 he probably needs help standing . 
 his knee is in a stationary brace , his ankle must be sore , and he 's not supposed to bear any weight . 
 and he outweighs me by a hundred pounds . 
 `` how 's this going to work ? '' 
 i ask him dumbly . 
 he grimaces . 
 `` i hate to ask you , but could you help ? 
 or i can call the nurse ... '' i shake my head immediately , rushing to grab the shorts . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 it 's the least i can do . '' 
 i do n't know why my hands shake as brand pulls back the sheet . 
 i do n't know why i 'm hesitant to look at his legs , which lead to his pelvis , which leads to his ... gah . 
 no wonder my hands are shaky . 
 i grit my teeth and slide the leg hole over brand 's knee brace , as carefully as i can . 
 i see him grit his teeth as i slide them up , over his bandaged thigh . 
 i 'm as careful as i can be , but i know it must still hurt . 
 my fingers graze the hot skin at his waist , and the smoothness of it is electrifying . 
 it 's silky and velvety at the same time as it is rock hard . 
 i suck in a breath as his fingers bump mine when he reaches for the waistband to finish pulling them up . 
 `` well , that was an olympic maneuver , '' he says wryly . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` where 's your shirt ? '' 
 he gestures toward the chair , and i grab the black tee , tossing it to him . 
 taking a step , i untie his hospital gown , glancing at his muscle-bound back as i do . 
 a bald eagle flies across his shoulder blades , a ferocious expression on its face , its sharp talons exposed and ready to attack . 
 bold black letters are scrolled above it . 
 i stand on a wall to protect what is mine . 
 warmth rushes through me again , through all the hidden parts of me , at the idea of this fierce man protecting what is his . 
 i ca n't help but wonder what that must feel like . 
 to be his . 
 to stand within those strong arms , to kiss those full , firm lips . 
 if i were his , i know he 'd protect me until his dying breath . 
 i could sleep every night without a fear , without a doubt . 
 he 'd keep the monsters at bay . 
 i shake the ridiculous thoughts away , and step back . 
 he 's not mine . 
 brand lets the hospital gown fall away and i inhale sharply . 
 sweet mary and all the saints . 
 god , i wish he were mine . 
 washboard abs do n't describe what brand 's got hidden under his shirt . 
 his chest and stomach look like they 're carved from bronze marble . 
 how many hours in the gym does that even take ?? 
 he 's got another tattoo on his chest , some sort of tribal symbol . 
 it almost looks like a japanese throwing star . 
 his bicep bulges as he moves , distracting me as he pulls his t-shirt over his head . 
 another tattoo is there on the flexing muscle . 
 a skull in a beret over two crossed swords . 
 death before dishonor . 
 i gulp . 
 is there anything sexier in the world than this man ? 
 honorable , brave , strong . 
 the trifecta of perfect male attributes . 
 i gasp when he pulls out his own iv , leaving it dangling on the bedrail . 
 `` holy crap , '' i breathe , eyeing the limp tube . 
 `` i could 've gotten the nurse . '' 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 `` and we could 've waited for an hour . 
 it 's fine . 
 it 's just pulling a needle out . 
 not exactly rocket science . '' 
 he blots at a tiny spot of blood , and i catch sight of yet another tattoo . 
 i remember seeing it when he was pulling the debris off of me in the cafe , but i could n't make out the words then , not through the smoke and the haze of my concussion . 
 without thinking , i pick up his arm and turn it over , exposing his forearm . 
 black words scrawl from the wrist to the elbow . 
 though i walk through the valley of death , i fear no evil . 
 my lady parts tingle . 
 this man is like catnip for my vagina . 
 i gulp . 
 `` i like your tattoos . '' 
 brand glances up . 
 `` yeah , i was lucky . 
 right after i discharged , they changed the rules . 
 said that officers ca n't have tattoos from their elbows to their wrists . 
 i would 've been screwed . '' 
 `` i like them , '' i tell him softly , which is the biggest understatement in the history of the world . 
 i fricking love them . 
 they reveal so much about this man , more than i bet he wants people to know . 
 honor . 
 bravery . 
 strength . 
 loyalty . 
 god . 
 my nether-regions are tingling again . 
 `` thanks , '' brand answers . 
 he twists away to gather his things on the bed table and i realize that i had still been holding his arm as i pondered his many sexy traits . 
 embarrassing . 
 a nurse comes to help transfer brand to a wheelchair , and i watch how she does it , filing it away for future use . 
 she also explains to him once again how to clean the wound on his thigh and lectures him one more time about not over-doing it . 
 `` now do n't put any weight on that leg , '' she tells him sternly . 
 `` i do n't want a repeat of last night . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` last night ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` mr. killien is stubborn . 
 he got up in the night by himself to go to the bathroom . 
 apparently , he did n't want to use his bedpan . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` no one wants to use a bedpan . '' 
 she scowls at him . 
 `` no weight on that leg . 
 period . 
 you ca n't break open your artery again , and you do n't want to put weight on your knee and ankle . '' 
 she looks at me . 
 `` you 'll make sure , right ? '' 
 i nod quickly . 
 to be honest , i 'm a bit afraid of the stern old woman . 
 she wheels him down to the first floor and i trail behind with his sack of belongings . 
 glancing inside , i just find his pants that they cut off , his wallet and a phone . 
 i wonder if anyone has called him ? 
 if anyone has thought to look for him or check on him ? 
 because he seems so alone . 
 it tugs on the maternal place in my heart , the place that wants to keep him safe . 
 he 's obviously seen so much shit , so much terrible shit , all while ` standing on a wall ' to protect me and everyone else in this country . 
 taking care of him now would be the least i could do . 
 and god , i want to be near him . 
 i want to breathe him in . 
 i want his goodness to fix me . 
 please , god . 
 we slide the passenger seat of my car all the way back , and between the nurse , brand and me , we get him situated . 
 his long leg , encased in a knee brace , barely fits . 
 as i get in , i glance at him . 
 `` just tell me where to go . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` sure . 
 we 're headed to my friend 's cottage out by the lake . 
 i 'll tell you where to turn . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i head for the exit and brand runs his finger along the leather-bound dashboard . 
 `` nice car , '' he tells me casually as i turn onto the highway . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` thanks . 
 i wanted a convertible , but my father thought that was too tacky . '' 
 `` a jaguar xj is n't anything to sneeze at , '' he answers . 
 `` although they 're mechanical pieces of shit . '' 
 i snort back laughter . 
 `` tell that to my father . 
 he gave it to me as a graduation gift . 
 i know , it 's a grandma car . '' 
 `` it is a little ... geriatric , '' brand grins . 
 `` but it 's still nice . '' 
 it 's the absolute story of my life . 
 i want something , my father wants something else , and guess who wins that battle ? 
 `` turn here , '' brand tells me after a few minutes . 
 honeysuckle drive . 
 `` what a charming name , '' i muse aloud . 
 the road is just as charming as the name implies . 
 lined with shady trees , i idle down the quiet lane to the very end , to a little cottage perched on the lake . 
 cute and quaint , it 's got vines growing up the side , a porch with two rocking chairs , and pots of flowers out front . 
 `` this is a adorable , '' i observe before i get out and pull the wheelchair from the trunk . 
 i unfold it and push it over to the passenger side , but brand scowls at it . 
 `` i 'm not using that thing . '' 
 i scowl back . 
 `` well , you certainly ca n't bear weight , and we do n't have your crutches yet . 
 so get into it , killien . '' 
 brand 's head snaps up in surprise , then he bursts out laughing . 
 `` a bit bossy , are n't you ? '' 
 his eyes sparkle and it takes my breath away . 
 `` it 's a good thing bossy looks good on you . '' 
 i smirk and hold the chair and brand twists himself from the car and drops into it , all without managing to put weight on his leg . 
 it 's not without effort and i can see his face is a bit pale . 
 `` we 'll get you some pain pills in the house , '' i tell him . 
 `` the nurse said you could have one soon . '' 
 i wheel him to the door . 
 `` the key is on top of the sill , '' he tells me . 
 `` can you reach it ? '' 
 barely . 
 but i manage , by stretching up on the very tip of my toes . 
 when i turn back around , brand is watching me , and heat floods my cheeks . 
 his gaze had been fixed on my ass , on the way my shirt had pulled up as i stretched . 
 i want him to watch me , to see me , yet when he does , i get as flustered as the thirteen-year old i used to be . 
 gah . 
 i unlock the door and him inside . 
 the inside of the cottage is as cute as the outside , but it does have a pent-up musty smell and it 's stifling hot . 
 `` i 'm going to open the windows , '' i tell brand . 
 `` we need some air flowing . 
 and i 'll change the sheets on the bed for you . 
 i 'm guessing this cottage has n't been opened up for the season . '' 
 `` no , it has n't , '' brand agrees . 
 i push him over to the windows where he can look out over the lake while i wander about , opening windows , opening all the faucets to get fresh water flowing , and hunting for linens . 
 as i do , my phone rings in my pocket . 
 i pull it out , staring at the screen , expecting to see my father or my mom , or even nate . 
 but i do n't . 
 my heart leaps into my throat , locking it up , when i see the name . 
 i 'm frozen for a minute , paralyzed . 
 you 're an idiot . 
 it 's just a freaking phone call . 
 he ca n't hurt you here . 
 i will myself to move , and i 'm finally able to shove the phone back into my pocket without answering it . 
 but i feel it there , like a blazing piece of charcoal , taunting me . 
 i blink hard . 
 `` you can answer that , '' brand tells me , staring at me curiously . 
 `` i do n't mind . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's no one important . '' 
 only the devil himself . 
 brand still stares at me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 no . 
 `` yes , '' i lie . 
 `` it 's just hot in here . 
 opening the windows will help . '' 
 trying to ignore the way my heart is pounding , i bring brand a glass of water and one of his pain pills . 
 `` i 'll go into the pharmacy and get your prescription filled today , '' i tell him . 
 `` the hospital only sent ten pills . 
 i 'll pick up your crutches while i 'm there . '' 
 brand is already shaking his head . 
 `` no , you 've already done enough . 
 i 'll suck it up and call my mother . 
 i 'm not your responsibility , nora . 
 i 'm sure you 've got better things to do . '' 
 but the look on his face . 
 it stabs me in the heart because i know that look . 
 i 'm sure i have it myself whenever i speak of my father . 
 brand could 've died in surgery for all his mother knew , and she did n't even bother to come to the hospital . 
 i 'm outraged for him , enough so that i do n't even think she deserves to be with him now . 
 he 's everything that 's good in the world , and if she ca n't see that , then it 's her loss . 
 `` no , '' i insist . 
 `` it 's not a trouble . 
 trust me , it 's helping me out too . 
 the more time i 'm here , the less time i have to be at my parents ' house . '' 
 i 'm going to be here a lot , you just do n't know it yet . 
 brand starts to answer , but closes his mouth , nodding . 
 his eyes hold a curious expression . 
 i get that a lot . 
 people always assume my life is all rainbows and butterflies . 
 i 'm rich , after all , right ? 
 well , money does n't buy happiness . 
 or good childhoods . 
 or good fathers . 
 `` i 'm glad that 's settled , '' i tell him firmly , taking back the glass and carrying it to the kitchen . 
 my phone buzzes again , this time with a text . 
 i do n't want to look , i do n't want to look , i do n't want to look . 
 but i do n't have the will power not to . 
 with my teeth gritted , i look . 
 answer your phone . 
 i shudder , and slide my phone back into my pocket . 
 `` are you sure everything is ok ? '' 
 brand asks . 
 he 'd been watching me and i did n't even know it . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 no . 
 i 'm not ok , because the devil himself can find me wherever i am . 
 i 'm not safe . 
 i 'm not safe . 
 but i 'm safe with brand ... because he stands on a wall to protect what is his . 
 i rotate in a circle , taking the cottage in . 
 everything is on one floor here , so it 'll be easier for brand to get around . 
 but he really should n't be alone . 
 he ca n't even drive yet . 
 i suddenly know how to get what i want . 
 `` i 'm going to stay here with you , '' i announce , squaring my shoulders as i look at the sexy man in front of me . 
 his eyes widen and before he can argue , i continue . 
 `` i insist . 
 you ca n't cook for yourself , you ca n't walk , you ca n't drive . 
 you do n't want to talk to your mom and i get that . 
 i would n't speak to my dad , if i could help it . 
 let me do this . 
 i want to . 
 i owe you . 
 and if i 'm here , then i do n't have to see my dad . 
 you 'd actually be doing me a favor . 
 plus , i promised the nurse that i 'd keep you off your leg . '' 
 i want to be here with you . 
 my eyes must tell him that . 
 he stares into them , studying me , dissecting me . 
 i feel like he 's looking into me , figuring out all the broken parts . 
 but i 'm studying him , too . 
 and i see that while he 's big and strong and brave , there 's something in him that is hurting . 
 i just do n't know what it is yet . 
 he 's an enigma . 
 and i ca n't wait to figure him out . 
 finally , he nods slowly . 
 `` if you really want to . '' 
 `` i do , '' i tell him firmly , and my heart takes off like helicopter blades . 
 `` and when someone else comes , your girlfriend , or whatever , i 'll just go back home . 
 easy-breezy . '' 
 yes , it 's a pathetic and blatant fishing attempt on my part . 
 brand does n't bite . 
 he eyes me and starts to say something , but then does n't . 
 `` do n't expect anyone for a while , '' he finally warns , an attempt to tell me that i might be here for a while , but still vague enough to not reveal anything about him . 
 that 's fine . 
 because i 'll be staying in a cottage with my teenage fantasy . 
 only he 's not a fantasy anymore . 
 and he 's not a teenager . 
 he 's living , breathing , and sexy as hell . 
 and until he tells me that there 's a girlfriend , i 'm going to operate as if there is n't one . 
 for the next few weeks , brand killien is all mine . 
 that 's plenty of time to figure all of his secrets out . 
 chapter four brand from the armchair by the windows , i watch nora unload her jaguar . 
 first she brings in a pair of crutches and leans them against my chair . 
 next she hauls in an overnight bag , then bag after bag of groceries before finally closing her trunk . 
 i hate sitting here like a helpless idiot while a woman carries in heavy groceries . 
 jesus . 
 i fiddle with the crutches , adjusting them to the right height , before leaning them back against the chair . 
 nora comes in and glances at me . 
 `` okay . 
 i did n't know what you liked , so i just got a variety of stuff . 
 i also got you soda and beer . 
 i took a guess on what kindsd you like . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` anything will be fine . 
 i 'm not picky . '' 
 she stares at me sternly . 
 `` but you ca n't have the beer until you are n't taking the painkillers anymore . '' 
 i c ** k an eyebrow at her bossiness . 
 `` yes , m ` am . '' 
 her face is flushed from the heat outside , her red hair coming loose from her chignon . 
 i stare at all the groceries she 'd just unpacked , then look back to her . 
 `` okay , a couple of questions . 
 one , did you leave anything in the store ? '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and two , do you know how to cook ? '' 
 she rolls her eyes again . 
 `` no . 
 not really . 
 but how hard can it be ? '' 
 i snort . 
 `` well , i can make eggs and frozen pizza . 
 did you get any pizzas ? '' 
 she shakes her head and now she 's looking hesitant . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't think of that . '' 
 the look on her face makes me smile . 
 she 's not used to not knowing how to do something , i can tell . 
 and apparently , she 's not used to taking care of herself . 
 `` so , you ca n't cook , and i ca n't cook . 
 and i ca n't walk , '' i make these observations with a smile . 
 she sniffs , turning up her nose before she walks away . 
 `` i also bought a cookbook . '' 
 she hears me laughing because her spine turns ramrod straight as she disappears into the kitchen . 
 i 'm still chuckling as i study my leg in the sun . 
 my knee hurts like a bitch . 
 obviously . 
 apparently , it turned backward and practically inside out . 
 my ankle throbs like a motherfucker too . 
 it 's swollen to the size of a football . 
 my pain medicine is in the kitchen , where nora is putting away all of those groceries alone , and right now , it looks like a hundred miles from here to there . 
 suck it up , buttercup . 
 with a groan , i grab the crutches next to me , and heft myself up , managing to not put weight on my leg . 
 fucking-a . 
 it takes me five full minutes to make the trip . 
 when i round the corner , nora is stretching up on her toes to put food in the cabinets . 
 her shirt has pulled up , showing her flat stomach . 
 `` hey , '' she looks up , yanking her shirt down . 
 `` you should n't be up . '' 
 `` i 've got an injured leg . 
 i 'm not an invalid , '' i tell her grumpily , because invalid or not , my leg is throbbing like hell . 
 i eye my pain pills , which are mocking me from above the sink , twenty painful steps away . 
 i start my slow hobble toward them . 
 `` did you need something ? 
 i could 've gotten it for you , '' she tells me quickly , setting down a jar of spaghetti sauce , and heading for me . 
 i 'm already shaking my head . 
 `` you 're not my servant , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 'm not sure why you wanted to be here so bad , but you 're not going to wait on me hand and foot . '' 
 my words are sharper than i meant for them to be , but shit . 
 my f ** king leg hurts . 
 nora 's mouth snaps closed and she looks like i slapped her . 
 i feel guilty , because i know she only wants to help , but i do n't say anything . 
 i 'm tired , i 'm in pain , i 'm pissed at the world . 
 it 's probably best that i just keep my mouth shut . 
 without another word , i reach for the pills . 
 unfortunately , i 'm not used to my crutches yet , and the left one rolls out from under me . 
 i lose my balance , and in my effort to not land on my leg , i slam into nora , effectively pinning her to the counter . 
 she looks up at me , her eyes wide . 
 she 's so small compared to me , as i tower above her . 
 awkwardly , i shift my weight so i 'm not smashing her , but i do n't move completely away . 
 because my pelvis likes being pushed into her pelvis . 
 her heat emanates into me , and she stares up into my eyes . 
 `` you do n't want me here ? '' 
 she asks breathily , her fingers curled around the counter edge . 
 her knuckles are white . 
 `` i did n't say that , '' i answer quietly , still not moving . 
 because right now , with her soft curves pressed into me , i do want her here . 
 and unfortunately , my dick chooses this moment to agree with me . 
 it hardens against her and her eyes widen . 
 `` i see , '' she murmurs . 
 i rotate away , straightening up and leaning on my crutches once again . 
 `` sorry about that , '' i tell her . 
 `` i hope i did n't crush you . '' 
 with my hard-on . 
 her mouth twitches . 
 `` no worries . 
 let 's get you back out to your chair and i 'll bring you your pills . '' 
 i do n't argue , i simply turn and begin the slow hobble to my chair . 
 nora follows at my elbow , and as i 'm twisting to drop into the chair , she gasps . 
 `` holy shit , brand , '' she breathes . 
 `` your leg . '' 
 i glance down and find a large spot of blood spreading on my inner thigh . 
 fuck . 
 i must 've jostled the sutures in the kitchen . 
 without another word , nora bends over me , yanking the elastic band of my shorts down . 
 i lift my h * ps to let the shorts slide down , and nora 's cool fingertips find my inner thigh . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 not because of pain , because there is n't any . 
 but because nora 's fingers are literally a couple of inches away from my dick . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 cold . 
 fucking . 
 fish . 
 `` you broke open your wound , '' she says needlessly , her voice panicked . 
 she pulls at the blood-soaked bandage , examining the injury . 
 she covers it with the gauze again , pressing her fingers firmly to it for a long moment before looking at it again . 
 `` okay . 
 i think it 's fine . 
 it was just a little tear , and it stopped bleeding . '' 
 she looks up at me , her face calmer now . 
 `` but you 've got to be more careful , especially these first few days . 
 if you need something , call me . 
 do n't try to get it yourself . '' 
 i nod curtly , but i 'd probably agree with anything right about now . 
 her fingers are pressed to my groin again and she 's kneeling in front of me . 
 my thoughts are n't on my f ** king injury . 
 in fact , my thoughts are far from my f ** king injury , but thankfully , i 'm saved by someone clearing their throat in the doorway . 
 nora and i both turn at the same time . 
 my mother stands there , her face disapproving , her shoulders stiff . 
 `` am i interrupting ? '' 
 she asks icily . 
 i stare at her hard , because i have n't seen her in nine years , because no one invited her here , and because she did n't even bother to knock . 
 bethany killien is smaller , frailer and grayer than she was nine years ago . 
 her thin arms stay at her sides . 
 she does n't approach me , she does n't reach for me , she simply stands there , limp and quiet . 
 her face is tired , her hair pulled into a bun at her neck . 
 she looks like someone who has lived a thousand lives . 
 `` no , you 're not interrupting , '' i tell her coolly , while nora scrambles to get up . 
 i do n't acknowledge the fact that nora was on her knees in front of me , or that i 'm in my underwear . 
 i know what it might look like . 
 but it 's none of my mother 's business . 
 `` well , i see that you 're deep in grief , '' she says curtly , `` so i wo n't stay long . 
 i just brought your truck down for you . 
 the mayor brought it to my house after the explosion . 
 there 's some fire damage to one side of it , but it still runs . '' 
 my mother stares pointedly at nora , and nora looks at me . 
 `` should i give you a few minutes ? '' 
 she asks quietly , staring only at me . 
 she acts like my mother does n't even exist . 
 i could hug her for that . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , that 's fine . '' 
 she regally walks past my mother without another word or glance . 
 again , i could f ** king hug her for that . 
 i stare at my mother , who has n't moved even an inch toward me . 
 i do n't bother asking how she knew i was here . 
 i just cut to the chase . 
 `` well , are you going to come in and tell me why you need me ? 
 i assume you need something or you would n't have bothered calling me . '' 
 i hate that i sound so bitter and hateful . 
 i hate that she 's done this to me . 
 i hate that i 've let her do this to me . 
 i try and swallow the hate . 
 it wo n't hurt anyone but me . 
 my mother walks into the room and sits at the chair across from me , holding her small body stiff . 
 there 's no maternal concern here . 
 she does n't bother to ask how i am . 
 it 's only now that i notice she 's carrying something . 
 she places a wooden box on her lap and stares at me . 
 `` it 's your father 's will , '' she says simply . 
 `` you 're the sole heir . '' 
 shock slams into me like a mack truck , and i stare at her in confusion . 
 her face is a steel mask , unyielding , expressionless . 
 `` there 's no way , '' i manage to say . 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` i 'm as surprised as you are . 
 after everything you did , i do n't understand it either . '' 
 everything you did . 
 the words linger in the air between us and i swallow hard , trying to contain my hate . 
 i do n't bother to try and defend myself . 
 it does n't make any sense anymore . 
 my father is gone , so what difference does it make ? 
 there 's no point . 
 but that does n't mean that i deserve her resentment . 
 `` i do n't want anything of his , '' i tell her icily . 
 `` not his shop , not his truck , not anything . '' 
 she stares at me , her brown eyes hard . 
 `` so you 're telling me that everything he left you ... the shop , his truck , his bike , even the house ... you do n't want any of it ? '' 
 i level my gaze at her . 
 `` that 's exactly what i 'm saying . '' 
 i pause , thinking of his bike . 
 a glistening , aggressive 1964 triumph . 
 it was my grandfather 's before it was my father 's , and my grandfather meant for it to come to me . 
 `` i want the bike , '' i amend . 
 `` i do n't want anything else . 
 you can have it . 
 or burn it . 
 i do n't care . '' 
 my mother stares at me in satisfaction . 
 obviously , that 's what she came to hear . 
 she holds out the box . 
 i stare at it . 
 it 's a cube made from ebony wood , with an ivory inlay in the wood . 
 my name is carved into the ivory . 
 `` your father made this for you out in his woodshop , '' my mother says . 
 `` he left it with the estate attorney , along with the will . '' 
 i do n't move to take it from her . 
 `` i do n't want it , '' i tell her firmly . 
 she looks away in disgust . 
 `` your father must 've worked hours on that . 
 i do n't know why . 
 but he meant for you to have it , and you 're going to have it . '' 
 she sets it on the floor at her feet before looking back up at me . 
 `` i do n't know why he chose to forgive you , branden . 
 but i never will . '' 
 i taste bile and red bleeds into my vision as the hatred swells through my chest and pumps through my veins . 
 `` you do n't know what you think you know , '' i manage to say thickly , every word like ice . 
 `` now get out . '' 
 she steps over the box and walks stiffly toward the door . 
 once there , she turns . 
 `` i 'll send the papers over for you to sign once they 're ready . '' 
 i turn away and look out the windows . 
 i hear the door close . 
 i taste the bitterness in my mouth . 
 i feel my heart beat , pushing the hatefulness through my limbs before it returns to my heart , poisoning it . 
 but i do n't feel anything else . 
 i 'm numb . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 nora asks softly from the door . 
 `` i could n't hear what was going on , but you do n't look okay . '' 
 she walks over to me , and picks up the box . 
 `` this is beautiful , '' she observes gently . 
 `` what 's in it ? '' 
 i shrug as if i do n't care . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she starts to take the lid off , but i stop her . 
 `` do n't , please . '' 
 my words are soft but firm . 
 nora stops in surprise , her fingers poised on the lid . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she sets it on a table by the sofa , across the room from me . 
 it seems to mock me and i look away . 
 i do n't want to know yet what my father had to say . 
 i do n't know if i ever will . 
 `` thanks , '' i tell her . 
 she looks down at me and her eyes are filled with understanding . 
 i do n't know how , but she seems to get it . 
 although she ca n't possibly . 
 no one can . 
 `` no problem , '' she says gently . 
 `` now , on to more urgent matters . 
 what should i try to make for dinner ? '' 
 i chuckle at the look of utter fear on her face . 
 `` have you never had to cook for yourself ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` at my parent 's house , we have a housekeeper . 
 when i was away at college , i ate in the dorms , and then when i moved to an apartment in grad school , i had takeout . '' 
 `` i 'm doomed , then , is what you 're telling me ? '' 
 i ask , trying to lighten the mood . 
 she laughs . 
 `` i 'm going to try something easy . 
 meat loaf . 
 after it 's in the oven , i 'm going to take a quick dip in the lake to cool off . 
 do you need anything beforehand ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nah , i 'm good . 
 unless you could get me a book ? '' 
 she grabs one from the shelves on the far wall , and hands it to me before she disappears into the kitchen . 
 i concentrate on reading , rather than focusing on the pain throbbing in my leg , or the f ** king wooden box mocking me from across the room . 
 nora emerges thirty minutes later , looking a bit frazzled , but otherwise , no worse for the wear . 
 `` okay , '' she announces triumphantly . 
 `` we have a loaf made from meat baking . 
 i do n't know if it 'll be edible , but it 's baking . 
 i 'm headed out to the lake . 
 hopefully the water will wash out the hamburger under my fingernails . 
 otherwise , it might be there permanently . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` enjoy yourself . '' 
 she glances at me before she heads to her bedroom to change . 
 `` after your thigh heals , maybe we could get you out there ? 
 it might be a good way for you to exercise since you do n't have to bear weight . '' 
 alarm floods me , quick and white-hot and i immediately shake my head . 
 `` i do n't swim . '' 
 nora stares at me in surprise . 
 `` you ca n't , or do n't ? '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 she 's clearly puzzled , but she does n't pry . 
 `` ok . 
 it was just an idea . '' 
 `` i know , '' i tell her , my pulse still bounding wildly in my throat . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she nods and leaves and i stare out the window again , calming down . 
 stop being a pu ** y . 
 but god , it 's hard . 
 the one thing i ca n't get past . 
 i was able to get past the bullets and explosions of afghanistan , for god 's sake . 
 but not this . 
 at the mere thought of it , my heart pounds in my chest , threatening to break free from my ribcage . 
 with a deep breath , i watch the water , rippling peacefully against the shore , in a fluid age-old motion , a harmless , serene motion . 
 it 's harmless , you f ** king pu ** y . 
 but i know that it is n't always . 
 as i stare at the familiar landscape , i 'm filled with trepidation . 
 i do n't like being home . 
 being here brings back memories , and uncomfortable feelings ... things i would just as soon keep buried . 
 home . 
 most people take comfort in being back home . 
 home is a place they always feel safe , secure and loved . 
 too bad i 'm not most people . 
 i felt safer in the battlefields of afghanistan than i did here . 
 quit being such a f ** king girl . 
 with a sigh , i turn my attention back to the book , scrolling through each page , until a movement outside distracts me an hour or so later . 
 nora is wading out of the lake and onto the beach . 
 she looks like a sea nymph or a siren as she swings her long wet hair out of her face , and the sun envelops her body , glistening on every wet plane . 
 her thighs are long , her tits are full and perky and she 's practically na ** d now , fully wet as the water streams over her body . 
 my dick tightens in reaction and i suck in my breath . 
 through the window , nora 's eyes meet mine and i 'm not sure what i see hidden in hers . 
 determination , i think . 
 but what exactly is she determined to do ? 
 as i watch her bend to get her towel , i 'm not sure i want to find out , although my penis seems to disagree . 
 he 's interested in every little thing nora greene does . 
 he does n't know what he 's getting us into . 
 to be honest , i do n't know either . 
 chapter five nora as i change out of my bathing suit and into a sundress , i ponder the look on brand 's face . 
 hesitant . 
 reluctant . 
 but why ? 
 i saw him watch me . 
 i know that at least part of him wants me . 
 butterflies flutter in my belly at that thought . 
 brand killien wants me . 
 but he does n't want to want me . 
 that 's just as obvious and it quiets the butterflies back down . 
 i stare glumly in the mirror as i comb my wet hair . 
 there must be a reason , and it more than likely has to do with a woman . 
 brand is loyal as the day is long , i can tell . 
 so there must be a girlfriend . 
 with a sigh , i put down my comb and head out to the kitchen . 
 good lord , the heat . 
 the hot oven has turned the kitchen into a freaking inferno . 
 lesson one . 
 do n't use the oven on a hot day . 
 it 's even hotter as i open the oven and pull out the meat . 
 which , incidentally , is charred . 
 what the hell ? 
 i poke at it and find that the top and bottom are covered in a blackened crust . 
 only the middle is edible and i have no idea why . 
 i did everything the recipe said to do . 
 crap . 
 excerpt set the oven timer . 
 i baked it thirty minutes longer than i was supposed to . 
 i 'm blowing the hair out of my face when brand calls in to me . 
 `` how 's it coming ? '' 
 i do n't want to admit defeat . 
 but i 'm sure the man is hungry . 
 i slink out with my tail between my legs . 
 `` i 've got many talents , '' i announce . 
 `` unfortunately , it seems that cooking is n't one of them . 
 yet . '' 
 brand bursts out laughing , setting his book on his lap . 
 i flush as i remember his lap shoved against me earlier . 
 and how happy his lap had been to see mine . 
 `` take-out ? '' 
 he suggests . 
 i nod . 
 `` takeout . 
 any ideas ? '' 
 `` actually , yes , '' he tells me . 
 `` i was actually here last year for dinner . 
 some friends of mine owned the little italian place and i came here one evening . 
 they sold it , but i believe it still serves the same menu . 
 italian sounds good to me . '' 
 `` it does to me too , '' i tell him as i grab my purse . 
 `` especially since i wo n't have to cook it . '' 
 brand tosses me his wallet . 
 `` it 's on me . '' 
 i do n't argue , because i know there would be no point . 
 i can already tell that he 's stubborn . 
 i head for the hill . 
 i 've actually eaten there many times throughout the summers . 
 like always , it 's packed tonight with hungry tourists . 
 i patiently wait my turn to order at the take-out counter , and when it 's finally my turn , an older italian woman smiles at me . 
 `` hello there , welcome to the hill . 
 what can i get for you ? '' 
 i give her our order , and she rings it up . 
 `` that will be eighteen dollars and twenty-four cents . '' 
 i open brand 's wallet and pull out the money , but the woman 's eyes are frozen on his driver 's license picture . 
 `` do you know brand ? '' 
 she asks me , her face lighting up . 
 surprised , i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 you do too ? '' 
 she nods happily . 
 `` that 's a good man , sweetie . 
 after my husband tony died , brand came to the funeral , but then he came back with his friend gabe to haul my daughter 's stuff to college . 
 that 's a good family , bella . '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` but he and gabe are n't related , right ? '' 
 the woman laughs . 
 `` they might as well be . 
 well , he and gabe . 
 he and jacey on the other hand ... aye yi yi . '' 
 that snags my attention , but she 's holding out her hand now . 
 `` i 'm maria , bella . 
 and you ? '' 
 i shake her hand . 
 `` nora . '' 
 i purposely leave off the greene . 
 `` it 's a pleasure . 
 what were you saying about brand and jacey ? '' 
 maria eyes me knowingly . 
 `` he and that girl . 
 jacey means well , but she never could get her head on straight . 
 always made bad choices . 
 one of her ex-boyfriends killed my tony , you know . 
 ran him right off the road . 
 brand tried to get her straightened out , and we all know why . 
 he was head over heels for that girl . 
 but she married someone else . 
 some famous actor . 
 i never could understand why , probably another bad choice . 
 because brand 's the cream of the crop , honey . 
 she 's crazy for not wanting him . 
 let me tell you , if brand 's interested in you , you 'd better keep him . '' 
 maria stares at me pointedly and i realize that i 'm holding brand 's wallet , paying for a dinner for two with it . 
 of course she thinks there might be something to that . 
 but i ca n't focus on that , mainly because i know brand does n't want me . 
 or he does n't want to want me , anyway . 
 `` which actor did jacey marry , maria ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 she wrinkles her nose in disdain . 
 `` dominic kinkaide . '' 
 i recognize the name immediately , and picture him in my head . 
 hollywood 's most famous bad-boy . 
 i 've seen his face a thousand times in the movies . 
 tall , dark and dangerous . 
 but at the same time , i do remember seeing photos of he and his new bride plastered on the tabloids . 
 jacey vincent-kinkaide . 
 blonde , brown-eyed . 
 gorgeous . 
 brand was in love with someone who is the polar opposite of me . 
 and he might very well still be , for all i know . 
 maybe that 's why he does n't want to want me . 
 he does n't have a girlfriend , but he 's still in love with someone else . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` it 's been nice meeting you , maria , '' i tell her as she hands me the dinner bags . 
 `` i 'm sure i 'll be in a lot this summer . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` tell brand hello for me , dear . 
 i hope to see him , too . '' 
 i shake my head as i head out to the car . 
 maria is very genuine . 
 she truly wants to see brand . 
 apparently , brand has the same effect on everyone . 
 they want to be near him , to soak him up . 
 at least it is n't just me . 
 brand is waiting at the table when i get back to the cottage , and the table is set for two . 
 i shake my head as i carry in the bags . 
 `` you 're so stubborn . 
 you 're supposed to rest . 
 it is n't that hard for most people , brand . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i guess i 'm not most people . '' 
 hell no , you 're not . 
 i dish our food onto real plates , and push one across the table to him . 
 `` so , maria was really nice . '' 
 brand looks up and grins . 
 `` you met maria ? 
 she 's a sweet lady . 
 do n't let her fool you , though . 
 her husband died last year . 
 she 's hard as nails . '' 
 i take a bite of lasagna , trying to act casual . 
 `` yeah , she mentioned that tony died . 
 she mentioned a lot ... about you , and gabe and jacey . '' 
 brand looks up at me , but he does n't show any reaction . 
 `` she did , huh ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 she said that jacey 's ex ran tony off the road . '' 
 brand sighs and takes a bite of his food . 
 `` yeah . 
 it was a hard time . 
 jacey did n't always make good decisions . 
 but she 's doing better now . '' 
 `` yeah , maria mentioned that , too . 
 and that 's she 's married to dominic kinkaide . '' 
 again , brand shows no reaction . 
 `` yep . 
 in fact , i think they 're in europe right now . 
 you probably wo n't see her this summer . '' 
 this causes my head to snap up . 
 `` why would i see her ? '' 
 brand looks at me in surprise . 
 `` this is her cabin . 
 well , she shares it with gabe . 
 like i mentioned , they inherited it from their grandparents . '' 
 he 'd mentioned his friends had inherited it . 
 he had n't said that one of the friend 's was jacey vincent-kinkaide . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i feel a bit deflated . 
 i do n't know why . 
 he might be in love with jacey , but she 's married . 
 to one of the world 's most famous actors . 
 and she 's thousands of miles away right now . 
 she 's not a threat to me . 
 brand ca n't have her . 
 we eat in comfortable silence and after i clear away our leftovers , i turn to brand . 
 `` there 's no cable here . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i know . 
 it used to drive us crazy in the summers . '' 
 `` i can imagine . 
 but i saw a checkers board in one of the bookcases . 
 do you want to sit outside and play ? '' 
 brand stares at me in surprise . 
 `` sure . 
 i just never figured you for a board games girl . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` you do n't know me yet . '' 
 yet . 
 i set the game up and brand hobbles out on his crutches . 
 even injured , his biceps bulge and flex with each movement . 
 i could watch his arms all day . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i 've got a game to play ... in more ways than one . 
 instead , i look up . 
 `` black or red ? '' 
 brand sits down . 
 `` black . '' 
 `` then you go first , '' i suggest . 
 `` but i 've got a caveat ... something that will make the game more interesting . '' 
 brand raises a blond eyebrow . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 and what 's that ? 
 strip checkers ? '' 
 i smirk . 
 `` you wish . 
 but no . 
 if one of us gets jumped , the other one gets to ask a question . 
 and we have to answer . '' 
 brand cocks his head . 
 `` clever . 
 what if we do n't really want to know the answers ? 
 sometimes mystery is better than reality . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i disagree . 
 there are things i 'm dying to know about you . '' 
 brand rolls his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not that interesting . '' 
 `` let me decide that , '' i suggest . 
 `` your move ... if you 're not afraid . '' 
 he snorts , and i push the board toward him . 
 he moves a black checker forward . 
 then i move a red one . 
 we go back and forth a few times , until he manages to jump one of mine . 
 `` bingo , '' he says with a grin . 
 `` wrong game , '' i tell him . 
 `` what 's your question ? '' 
 he thinks on that , his large hand drumming on his thigh . 
 `` hmm . 
 let 's see . 
 okay , why are you spending the summer here in angel bay ? '' 
 i answer immediately . 
 `` my father wanted me to take the summer off and recharge my batteries . 
 i just finished law school . '' 
 `` so your brain is tired ? '' 
 brand grins and i swear , it could light up the entire lake . 
 i nod . 
 `` i guess you could say that . '' 
 `` your move , '' he tells me . 
 i move . 
 then he moves . 
 we parry back and forth , until i finally manage to jump him . 
 `` do you love jacey ? '' 
 i 'm not one to beat around the bush . 
 brand 's head snaps back and he stares at me in disbelief . 
 `` wow . 
 you do n't mess around , do you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 maria talked so much about her that i 'm curious . 
 what 's your answer ? '' 
 i stare into his eyes and he stares back . 
 finally he nods and for a minute , my heart stops beating . 
 but then he clarifies . 
 `` yes . 
 but not in the romantic way . 
 i thought i did for a while , but maybe i never did . 
 she and gabe have been like my family . 
 i was close to her , and maybe i got confused . 
 emotions are n't my forte . '' 
 `` so you do n't love her romantically ? '' 
 brand shakes his head . 
 `` that 's two questions , sweetheart . '' 
 i suck in my breath at the endearment , and brand smirks . 
 `` what ? 
 no one 's ever called you that ? '' 
 he 's kidding , but i shake my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you 're joking . '' 
 brand is dumbfounded now and i have to laugh . 
 `` no , i 'm not kidding . 
 believe it or not , i have n't had that many relationships . 
 my father never approves of anyone . '' 
 brand stares at me drolly . 
 `` but you were away at college . 
 what your father did n't know would n't have hurt him . '' 
 i almost shudder . 
 `` my father knows everything . 
 trust me . 
 it 's your turn . '' 
 brand drops it , and goes , much to my relief . 
 i do n't want to get into how my father kept tabs on me at school . 
 before long , brand jumps me again . 
 he levels a blue , blue gaze at me . 
 `` are you happy ? '' 
 he asks thoughtfully , rocking back in his seat with his good leg . 
 i suck in a breath . 
 `` blunt , are n't you ? '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` no more than you . '' 
 touche . 
 `` no , not really , '' i answer honestly . 
 `` i hope to be someday . '' 
 brand stares at me hard . 
 `` why are n't you happy now ? '' 
 `` that 's two questions , '' i throw his words back at him . 
 `` it 's my turn to go . '' 
 brand rolls his eyes , but i ignore him as i move . 
 i jump him two moves later . 
 `` what happened in afghanistan ? '' 
 he does n't even flinch . 
 `` my humvee was bombed . 
 my leg was shattered . '' 
 `` you earned a purple heart , '' i tell him . 
 `` so i know there 's more to the story . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i do n't think it serves any purpose to talk about it . 
 some memories are best left alone . 
 i 've dealt with it and moved on , but that does n't mean i enjoy thinking about it . '' 
 there 's a look on his face , a do n't f ** k with me look , that i decide to heed . 
 `` your turn , '' i tell him softly instead . 
 he nods . 
 he moves a checker , only to open himself up to a double-jump . 
 i crow and jump him . 
 twice . 
 he glares at me mockingly . 
 `` i do n't like this game . '' 
 i giggle . 
 `` i get two questions . '' 
 he does n't argue , he just crosses his arms and waits . 
 `` there 's something bothering you , i see it on your face . 
 i have a feeling that it 's not your dad 's death , and you say you 've dealt with afghanistan , so what is it ? '' 
 brand looks away . 
 `` i really do n't like this game . '' 
 i smile , but i do n't back off . 
 `` what 's your answer ? '' 
 he stares out the window for a minute , at the lake , before he sighs . 
 `` sometimes bad things happen in life . 
 sometimes they happen when you 're really young . 
 those are the memories that wo n't fade with time . '' 
 i 'm stunned . 
 it 's a vague answer , but it 's still oh-so revealing . 
 something happened to him when he was a kid , something bad . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 i ask gently . 
 brand looks at me . 
 `` that was your second question , you know . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 what 's your answer ? '' 
 he shakes his head immediately . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want to talk about it . 
 i 'm a grown f ** king man , not a pu ** y. i do n't need to talk about it . '' 
 `` yet it still bothers you , ' i state simply . 
 `` there 's no fix for it , '' he tells me firmly . 
 `` my father 's dead . 
 i guess that 's all the closure i need . '' 
 i 'm doubtful as i stare at brand 's gorgeous face . 
 his gorgeous , tortured face . 
 he does n't have closure . 
 i can see that right now . 
 i do n't know what to think about his family situation . 
 he does n't seem to be grieving , but he 's still troubled about something . 
 deeply troubled . 
 but i can also see that he 's done talking about it . 
 `` your turn , '' i say instead . 
 he goes . 
 i go . 
 after he goes again , i manage to jump him . 
 `` what do you do for a living ? '' 
 he grins , pretending to be relieved , only maybe it 's not an act . 
 i can tell he does n't like to talk about himself . 
 at all . 
 `` gabe and i started a company together a couple of years ago . 
 we developed military grade body armor . 
 we started the company to keep soldiers safer , but it 's also being used by police departments and private security details . '' 
 `` that sounds amazing , '' i tell him softly . 
 and it sounds like exactly something he would do ... keeping people safe . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it 's a living . '' 
 he pushes away from the little table . 
 `` i 'm about done in for the day , '' he tells me . 
 `` thank you for going to get dinner , nora . 
 and i 'm sorry you 're not happy . 
 hopefully you can figure that out soon . '' 
 he hobbles away and i have to agree with the sentiment . 
 hopefully i can figure that out soon . 
 chapter six nora i put away the checkers , and boot up my laptop , checking a few emails . 
 my mother has written four . 
 you 're only five minutes away . 
 ca n't you come home for tea soon ? 
 your father is n't happy about your current situation . 
 yeah , what 's new ? 
 but it 's her last email that sends ice water through my veins , chilling every part of me . 
 william called yesterday , wanted to know where you were . 
 he said you were n't returning his phone calls and that he had some business related questions for you . 
 i told him where you are , but told him that you were taking the summer off . 
 i hope that was okay . 
 i take a ragged breath . 
 then another . 
 i told him where you are . 
 he knows where i am . 
 with shaking fingers , i answer her email . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 like i told you the other day , i feel responsible for brand . 
 he got injured because of me . 
 i 'll definitely come home soon for tea . 
 it 's okay that you told william where i am . 
 i 'm sure he just has a simple question or something . 
 it 's not okay . 
 not at all . 
 but she does n't know what he did . 
 i hit ` send ' and close my laptop . 
 as i walk through the house , i find brand sitting in front of the windows again . 
 instead of staring out at the lake , his gaze is firmly fixed on the box his mother had brought . 
 it stands out starkly against the white wood that it 's sitting on . 
 he 's staring at it so intently that he does n't even realize i 'm watching him . 
 the look on his face is painful . 
 intent , hurt , vulnerable . 
 i can only imagine what might 've happened to him in the past . 
 but from the way he 's staring at that freaking box , it must have something to do with his father . 
 with a sigh , i continue on to the kitchen to make some hot tea . 
 i guess we both have secrets . 
 i keep mine closed away in the furthest , darkest place in my heart . 
 i 'm sure brand does the same . 
 i 'm also sure that i 'll never know about them until he 's good and ready to share . 
 sipping at my tea , i slouch in a kitchen chair . 
 looking around , i try and imagine the days when this cozy little cabin was bustling with life . 
 apparently , jacey and gabe spent every summer here with their grandparents , and brand was here a lot . 
 because i 'd done a little bit of digging , i know that brand 's parents ' house is just down the road . 
 when we drove here , he did n't even point it out . 
 there 's bad blood there , obviously . 
 i just ca n't imagine what a guy like him could possibly have done to make his own parents turn on him . 
 the sound of the shower running jars me from my thoughts and i look up in alarm . 
 brand is n't supposed to get the dressings on his thigh wet . 
 god , he 's stubborn . 
 i leap out of the chair and sprint down the hall , throwing open the bathroom door . 
 brand is completely naked , balanced against the bathroom sink as he prepares to maneuver himself into the shower . 
 he 's surprised to see me , and i 'm frozen as i stare at him . 
 he 's absolutely beautiful naked . 
 it 's like he 's been sculpted from marble by a skilled master . 
 michelangelo , perhaps . 
 i suck in a breath , unable to take my eyes away from him . 
 rippled abs . 
 chiseled pecs . 
 thighs like steel . 
 and then , then ... my eyes travel south . 
 dear lord . 
 brand clears his throat . 
 `` my eyes are up here , miss greene . '' 
 i flush a thousand shades of red as i yank my gaze up to meet his . 
 his eyes are filled with amusement ... at my expense . 
 he lifts an eyebrow . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` you 're not supposed to shower , '' i stammer . 
 `` you 're supposed to sponge off this week . 
 remember ? '' 
 brand rolls his eyes with a sigh . 
 `` i do n't need to remember . 
 apparently you remember for me . '' 
 i toss him a towel and regrettably , he wraps it around his hips , hiding his glorious body before he grabs his crutches . 
 `` i do n't have the first clue how to take a sponge bath , '' he grumbles as he limps past me . 
 `` me either , '' i tell him . 
 `` but we can figure it out . '' 
 we . 
 the butterflies start flying again , hard and fast , in my stomach . 
 brand turns to look at me . 
 `` we ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 what kind of nurse would i be if i did n't help ? 
 go lie down on your bed . 
 i 'll be there in a minute with the stuff . '' 
 brand rolls his eyes and mutters beneath his breath , but he hobbles away . 
 i rush to the kitchen and get a huge bowl of warm water before i stop at the hall closet for washcloths , towels and soap . 
 my hands shake the entire time . 
 what the hell am i doing ? 
 why is he letting me do it ? 
 he must want me to . 
 that knowledge , that theory , fuels me on and forces me into his bedroom . 
 my window of opportunity to be with this man is closing by the day . 
 i ca n't waste it . 
 grow a pair , nora . 
 i set the bowl down on his nightstand and glance down . 
 he 's reclining on his back , his towel covering his midriff and groin . 
 his hands are behind his head and he 's every inch casual and cool as he waits for me . 
 i wonder if he 's as anxious on the inside as i am ? 
 of course not . 
 because he does n't know what i have planned . 
 he glances at me . 
 `` so , where do we start ? '' 
 his voice is husky and sexy and ... gah . 
 i want to run out of the room and hide in my own , because i do n't know what i 'm doing here . 
 i only know what i want . 
 i want him . 
 `` we start by washing off your arms , '' i tell him , calmly and professionally , as i move to his side . 
 he grins up at me . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he holds his arm up . 
 `` go ahead , nurse . '' 
 i take a breath , grab the cloth , and run it along the hardened contours of his arm . 
 where most people are soft , he 's as solid as a rock . 
 `` other one , '' i say softly , re-wetting the cloth . 
 i circle the bed and wash the other one , the one with the tattoo on his forearm . 
 though i walk through the valley of death , i fear no evil . 
 `` were you scared overseas ? '' 
 i ask candidly as i run the cloth over the words . 
 brand opens his eyes . 
 `` of course . '' 
 of course . 
 it was a stupid question . 
 it just does n't seem like he 'd be scared of anything . 
 `` being brave does n't mean not being afraid , nora , '' brand tells me , lifting his ocean blue eyes to meet mine . 
 `` it means being afraid and doing it anyway . '' 
 `` doing it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 brand shrugs . 
 `` it can be anything . 
 whatever it is that you 're doing , whatever it is that you 're afraid of . '' 
 i 'm doing this . 
 right now . 
 because i want him . 
 i want him this summer and he 's not getting it . 
 he 's not making any moves even though i 'm here and i 'm available , and i want him . 
 there 's only one way to make him see ... i have to be as blunt as a man . 
 i can do this . 
 because i 'm brave . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 i re-wet my cloth and without a word of warning , i pull the corner of his towel back , then pull it entirely off . 
 brand 's eyes fly open , then fix on my face . 
 he does n't say a word , but i can see him holding his breath . 
 his flat abdomen is n't moving . 
 i dip the cloth down his side , over the rippled muscle . 
 i can feel him through the cloth , his warmth soaking into my fingers . 
 i pass his hip , his delicious , sexy hip . 
 in my head , i envision it flexing as he straddles me . 
 i flush , and gulp . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 i take a breath , and my fingers keep moving . 
 another breath and the cloth glides downward . 
 then brand 's hand covers my own , stopping me . 
 `` i think i can get that part . '' 
 i look down at him , and he 's staring at me in apprehension ... because he does n't know what i 'm doing ... or what i want . 
 i do n't know either . 
 all i know is ... i 'm doing it now . 
 before it 's too late and he 's out of my life and i never have another chance . 
 `` brand , i have a proposition to make . '' 
 my words cut the slice through the tension . 
 he levels a gaze at me , his eyes so f ** king blue . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 his hand is still covering mine . 
 it 's warm and strong and i can hear the pulse rushing through my ears in a roar . 
 `` i 've wanted you since i was twelve years old . 
 you 're here for the summer and so am i. i do n't know if i 'll ever see you again and i do n't want to look up from my desk at greene corp when i 'm seventy and have regrets because i did n't do this . '' 
 i pause and brand does n't say anything . 
 he simply waits . 
 the silence between us is charged and i rush my next words ... i let them tumble from my mouth before i lose the nerve . 
 `` i want you . 
 without any strings at all . 
 at the end of the summer , we 'll probably never see each other again ... but i want this summer . 
 with you . '' 
 i have to know what 's its like . 
 i stand on a wall and protect what is mine . 
 i need to know , even if it 's just an illusion , what it 's like to be his . 
 to be safe . 
 to be good . 
 please . 
 brand stares at me , stunned . 
 i 'm stunned too . 
 i did it . 
 i did it . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 i watch his lips slowly part as he breathes out in a rush . 
 i watch his tongue dart out and lick his lower lip . 
 i feel the heat from his hand as he slightly moves it . 
 then i watch the word form on his mouth ... right before he says it . 
 `` no . '' 
 <br/> she pops her head back into the kitchen . 
 `` want to go skinny-dipping ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` no , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` i do n't swim . '' 
 `` so you said , '' she nods , then struts through the kitchen naked , opens the back door , and makes her way across the lawn in the broad daylight to the private beach behind the house . 
 i shake my head , unable to prevent the smile from spreading across my face . 
 the girl is something , that 's for sure . 
 i limp to the window and watch her . 
 she 's unconcerned that someone will see her . 
 she simply does n't care as she puts on her show for me . 
 and it 's for me . 
 i know that . 
 nora is n't the kind of girl to strut outside nude in the daylight for any other reason than a means to her end . 
 for whatever reason , she 's made it her goal to get me this summer . 
 i do n't know why . 
 but suddenly , it feels good . 
 it feels f ** king good to be pursued like this , after being the one who was on the giving end of unrequited affection for so long . 
 she wants me . 
 through the glass , nora 's eyes meet mine and holds my gaze . 
 she swims on her belly for a while , her eyes just above the surface of the water , never looking away from my own . 
 she splashes and kicks at me , flipping onto her back . 
 her tits bob above the water , her ni ** les pointed to the sun . 
 my dick twitches again . 
 and then when she 's finally done showing off for me , she emerges from the water , dripping wet and bathed in sunlight . 
 she 's sexy as hell . 
 and she knows it . 
 she strides back across the lawn , watching me every step of the way . 
 she climbs the back steps , crosses the kitchen , and pauses in front of me , dripping on my feet . 
 `` i 'm cold , '' she murmurs into my ear , leaning up on her tiptoes . 
 she is . 
 her cold skin grazes against me , bleeding through my shirt , as her tits press into my chest . 
 her ni ** les are hard enough to cut glass and my hands ache to slide along her skin , over her hips , down to where i 'd grip her ass and ... i grit my teeth . 
 `` then you should get dressed , '' i tell her calmly , bending to pick up the towel she 'd discarded earlier and handing it to her . 
 i make no move to touch her , regardless of how much my traitorous fingers want to slip in between her legs and ... i grit my teeth again . 
 she sees my jaw flex and grins victoriously . 
 she knows that she won the game she was playing ... that she made me want her . 
 i do n't bother telling her that i wanted her already . 
 instead , i just meet her gaze and hold it , until she steps back and walks away . 
 this time , instead of staring at her bare ass , i focus on the black words tattooed on her shoulder blade . 
 i saw them earlier , but i was too distracted to read them , even though they make me curious . 
 nora is n't the type of girl i would 've figured for a tattoo . 
 she 's refined , buttoned-up , classy . 
 but even still , she has black words tattooed on her shoulder blade , with a small elegant anchor . 
 fluctuat nec mergitur . 
 it 's latin . 
 what does it mean ? 
 i pull my phone out of my pocket and punch the words into a search engine . 
 a result is immediately returned . 
 she is tossed by the waves , but she does not sink . 
 it has meaning . 
 it 's symbolic . 
 the ink is stark black and the tattoo looks new . 
 it 's a reminder to her ... to stay strong . 
 to be resolute . 
 to never sink no matter what . 
 my eyes narrow as i remember the text on her phone . 
 i want your word . 
 and i want you to keep it . 
 i know where you are . 
 something happened to her . 
 something she does n't want to talk about , something that she 's scared of , something that involves this william person . 
 i 've seen the fear in her eyes a couple of different times , but she always covers it up . 
 i 've seen that kind of fear before , in the eyes of women in afghanistan . 
 in the eyes of women who had been beaten and abused and raped . 
 my stomach clenches at the memory , but also for nora . 
 someone has hurt her . 
 but that someone wo n't do it again , not while she 's here on my watch . 
 of that , i am certain . 
 resolutely , i make my way back out to the living room and drop into the chair by the windows . 
 i wait while nora gets dressed , and ponder our situation the whole time . 
 we 're like two prize fighters , circling around a ring , each waiting for the other one to pounce . 
 we 've both got secrets that we do n't want the other to know . 
 it 's kind of ironic . 
 nora finally emerges , clad in a t-shirt with no bra and short shorts . 
 her ni ** les poke through the thin material and the corners of her mouth twitch . 
 she knows exactly what she 's wearing . 
 i smile at her . 
 `` how was your swim ? '' 
 she smiles back . 
 thrust and parry . 
 `` it was refreshing . 
 how was watching ? '' 
 i hold her gaze and smile again . 
 `` it was refreshing . '' 
 her grin widens . 
 `` i forgot to get breakfast stuff for tomorrow . 
 what would you like ? '' 
 you . 
 `` eggs , '' i suggest . 
 she nods . 
 `` wise choice . 
 i think i can manage eggs . '' 
 she grabs her purse . 
 i lift an eye-brow and glance at her chest again , at the way her bare tits strain against the t-shirt and her ni ** les poke against the fabric . 
 `` do n't you want to put on a bra ? '' 
 i somehow manage to keep my voice level . 
 she grins angelically and leans down to whisper in my ear , her tits pressed against my shoulder . 
 `` no . 
 i want you thinking about my ni ** les while i 'm gone . 
 they taste like honey . '' 
 jesus . 
 with that , she saunters away . 
 i swallow hard . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 cold . 
 fucking . 
 dead . 
 fish . 
 somehow , i doubt that even the thoughts of cold dead fish are going to help me this summer . 
 chapter seven brand there 's nothing to do out here but stew in the idea that i 'm trapped in angel bay . 
 there 's barely a cell signal , i ca n't get around and i ca n't drive yet . 
 perfect . 
 oh , and add to that that the girl who is sharing my cottage wants to have strings-free sex with me and for some reason , i turned her down . 
 what the f ** k is wrong with me ? 
 i 'm just going to blame it on the pain pills . 
 they 've addled my brain . 
 with a groan , i push myself out of the chair i 'm in and hobble toward the door , my crutches scraping on the floor . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 nora asks curiously as she walks from the laundry room to the living room with a load of fresh laundry in her arms . 
 `` fishing . '' 
 nora starts to laugh until she sees that i 'm serious . 
 `` fishing ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i ca n't do anything else . 
 but i can sure as hell sit on a pier . '' 
 nora stares at me for a second , then sits the laundry basket down , trailing behind me . 
 i pause and look at her . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 she grins up at me . 
 `` fishing . 
 i 've never been . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` you 've lived in angel bay every summer of your life and you 've never been fishing ? '' 
 she shakes her head emphatically . 
 `` nope . 
 there was no one to take me . 
 my father would rather die than bait a hook , it held no interest for my mother , and our gardener julian liked to go alone . 
 he did all kinds of other stuff with me , but fishing was his quiet time . 
 so ... no . 
 i 've never been . '' 
 `` that seems like a travesty , '' i tell her as i turn back around . 
 i eye the distance from here to the shed outside , to the edge of the pier . 
 it seems like a hundred f ** king miles with these crutches . 
 `` well , then . 
 end the madness for me , '' she chirps cheerfully by my side . 
 `` actually , i 'll meet you out there . 
 i 'm going to get a suit on . '' 
 `` take your time . '' 
 because it will take me a hundred years to get situated . 
 fuck . 
 she does take her time . 
 because it takes me twenty minutes to hobble to the shed , find a couple of poles and a bait-box and then drag all of that stuff to the end of the pier . 
 all while on crutches . 
 i feel quite accomplished as i drop it all , then sit on the edge , carefully dangling my feet over the board pier . 
 it hurts to bend my knee , of course , but not as much as it did yesterday . 
 that 's progress , damn it . 
 i 'm baiting a hook with a lure when nora comes prancing down the pier in a pair of heels and a bikini so tiny it might as well not be there . 
 i stifle a groan as she leans down next to me , making sure to stick her ass out as she does . 
 her ass is perfectly rounded . 
 i look away as i cast my line . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish in the lake . 
 cold fish , cold fish . 
 `` want a pole ? '' 
 i ask her , watching my bobber float on the surface of the water . 
 nora chuckles . 
 `` yes . 
 did n't i make that clear last night ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` are you always like this ? '' 
 she picks up the pole next to me , fiddling with it . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` so . 
 uh . 
 desperate . '' 
 she sucks in a breath and turns to me , indignation spitting from her eyes . 
 i almost laugh . 
 `` i 'm not desperate , '' she announces , sticking her nose in the air as she further tangles the line on her pole . 
 annoyed , she tosses it down . 
 `` that 's broken . '' 
 i ca n't help but laugh as i pick it up and untangle it for her , handing it back . 
 `` do n't mess with that part , '' i point at the line . 
 `` hold this button down , then release it as you cast it . 
 like this . '' 
 i demonstrate . 
 `` and you 're acting desperate . 
 a woman like you does n't need to beg someone to f ** k her . '' 
 my tone is probably harsher than it needed to be because i can practically see her flinch . 
 `` i 'm not desperate , '' she repeats , softer this time . 
 `` i just ... i know what i want . 
 and i only have a limited time to get it . 
 that makes me driven , not desperate . '' 
 i stare at her , at the way the sun is already flushing her cheeks , at the strange look in her eyes ... vulnerable , but determined . 
 and i ca n't help but wonder once again , why she wants me so much . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i know i 'm not lacking in female attention . 
 but a girl like nora can have literally anyone she wants . 
 and girls like that do n't usually throw themselves at someone ... because they think they 're above that . 
 it mystifies me . 
 we 're quiet for a while , surrounded by the scent of the hot wooden boards , the lake water , the sunshine . 
 but it does n't take long for nora to get antsy , and i can see why her gardener wanted to be alone to fish . 
 she chatters , and i sigh . 
 `` you know , when you talk , you scare away the fish , '' i finally tell her . 
 she glares up at me . 
 `` you 're not catching anything anyway . '' 
 i sigh again . 
 `` it takes time . 
 and patience . '' 
 she falls silent for just a minute , then my mouth falls open as she unties her bikini top . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 i blurt as she drops her top on the pier and sits topless in the broad daylight . 
 `` i do n't want lines , '' she shrugs . 
 `` there 's no one out here anyway . 
 this is a private pier . '' 
 she turns her back to me , and thrusts a plastic bottle over her shoulder . 
 `` put some sunscreen on my back , would you ? 
 it 's a curse of being a ginger , i burn easily . '' 
 you 've got to be f ** king kidding me . 
 it 's the oldest trick in the book . 
 a chick asks you to put lotion on them at the beach in order to get attention . 
 but still , i sit staring at her bare back , at the expanse of creamy white flesh facing me , and before i know it , i 'm grabbing the bottle of sunscreen and dumping some in my hand . 
 my fingers glide over her soft skin , smoothing the lotion over her slender body , skimming over her shoulders , the friction between our skin warming my hand . 
 my groin reacts to such a simple act , tightening , constricting , noticing . 
 hell . 
 nora turns with a smile . 
 `` now my front ? '' 
 she thrusts her chest out and her perky tits are in my face , perfect , young and lush . 
 my dick is rock hard by this point . 
 `` you can do your own front , '' i growl . 
 `` in fact , put your suit back on . 
 you 're not a stripper . 
 you do n't know if someone will show up here . '' 
 she cocks her head and keeps her chest thrust proudly out . 
 `` no one will . 
 it 's just you and me . '' 
 `` for now , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` but you never know . 
 stop acting like a bar whore and put your clothes on . '' 
 the words come out before i can stop it , a reaction to my own frustration , to my own gut reaction at her nakedness . 
 her face falls and her eyes shutter closed , she 's expressionless now , sullen as she reaches for her top . 
 `` i did n't realize i was so offensive , '' she mutters . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll just leave you alone out here . '' 
 she stalks away and i can hear her heels clicking on the pier with every step she takes , as she gets further and further away . 
 i feel awful for crushing her . 
 and i did crush her . 
 i saw it in her eyes before she guarded them . 
 i saw it in the way her shoulders fell , the way she sucked in her breath at my words . 
 i do n't know why i said what i said ... except that i want her to find her dignity . 
 i know , somehow i know , that this is n't really nora . 
 nora greene does n't act like this . 
 so why she feels the need to act like a bar whore around me , i have no f ** king clue . 
 all it 's doing is making it harder on me . 
 harder to not take her up on her proposition . 
 with a start , i realize that 's exactly what she 's doing . 
 she 's making it harder on me to say no . 
 with a groan , i roll my eyes and cast my line again . 
 fuck . 
 like i need that . 
 i 'm having a hard enough time saying no already . 
 *** nora fuck him . 
 i do n't need this shit . 
 i storm into my room and yank a t-shirt and yoga capris out of a drawer . 
 i 'm here to help him , out of the goodness of my heart , and he wants to treat me like a common whore ? 
 what the hell ? 
 what is wrong with him that he wo n't just take me up on my offer ? 
 jesus . 
 and there was no need to be so mean . 
 his words made my hands shake ... i 'm not a whore . 
 i pull on my clothes and twist my hair into a bun at my neck . 
 i 'm just starting to throw my clothes back into my bag , when i catch sight of a picture sitting next of the lamp ... an old photograph , framed in sea shells . 
 it 's brand , gabe and jacey . 
 brand and gabe must be around twelve , which means jacey is just a bit younger . 
 they 're tanned and smiling and lying on the beach with popsicles . 
 their mouths are red and jacey 's got her arms wrapped around brand 's waist . 
 something about that picture gives me pause , and makes me stop packing . 
 being only twelve , i 'm sure brand had n't even begun to notice jacey yet ... she was a couple of years younger after all . 
 but it does show that even way back then , jacey was clinging to brand . 
 it started so long ago . 
 it makes me seethe , because i do n't know jacey , but i know girls like her . 
 she started clinging to him , making him feel important to her , reeling him in , going to him for advice , growing closer and closer . 
 she kept him on the hook just in case she ever decided she wanted him ... but then she never did , because he was like her ` brother . ' 
 and brand never saw it coming , because he 's such a good guy . 
 he never knew he was getting played , getting strung along . 
 then when he bared his heart to her , she probably crushed it . 
 i stare at the picture , at the blonde little girl with her arms wrapped around brand , and i ca n't help but hate just a bit . 
 she hurt him , and now he 's distant from every other woman as he protects himself from that happening again . 
 he has n't said , but i know that 's what he 's doing . 
 all because of her . 
 in the picture , he 's young and innocent . 
 he 's laughing at gabe , still oblivious to the hooks jacey would cast into him a bit later . 
 it twinges at my heart and i stop packing . 
 because it reminds me that he 's so f ** king good . 
 as i look at his boyish face in the picture , all i can see is teenage brand , the boy who picked me out of the dirt and cleaned me off , all at the risk of getting in trouble . 
 the sexy boy who grew into a sexy man , a man who fought hard for his country , a man who loved a woman he could n't have . 
 even though he 's hardened and cautious now , he 's still good . 
 that 's why he does n't want me throwing myself at him , lowering myself to begging . 
 he does n't want it that way . 
 it 's been so long since i 've been around a good man , i did n't even think about that . 
 i put my clothes away . 
 i head out to the living room and fold the towels in the basket , all the while watching out the window . 
 brand grows sweaty and takes off his shirt . 
 the sun beats down on his shoulders and back , tanning him even more . 
 i literally ache to go out there and smooth sunscreen over his shoulders , running my hands over that rippled muscle , running my fingers over those f ** king words . 
 i stand on a wall to protect what is mine . 
 i swallow hard . 
 the sun glints on his honey-blond hair , and a sheen of sweat appears on his forehead . 
 he stretches , and leans back once again , his muscles flexing with every movement . 
 his pole twitches , and he grabs it , reeling it in . 
 he pops a fish off the end of the line , then drops it into a bucket next to him . 
 i smile because he looks so satisfied . 
 he stretches one more time , then slowly climbs to his feet , careful not to twist his injured knee . 
 he grabs the bucket and dumps it out into the lake ... and i see two other fish fall back into the water and i 'm shocked . 
 why would he sit out there in the sun if he was only going to throw the fish back ? 
 i ask him as much when he finally emerges in the house a few minutes later . 
 he glances up at me , his hair damp from the heat . 
 `` because i can clean them , but i doubt you know how to cook them . 
 so why should i kill them for no reason ? '' 
 he limps past me , headed for the shower , and his simple answer warms my belly . 
 he did n't want to kill helpless creatures for no reason . 
 this big , strong solider who had to kill people in combat has a kind enough heart that he does n't want to kill fish if he does n't plan on eating them . 
 if possible , i 'm even more infatuated with this man . 
 chapter eight nora i manage to make scrambled eggs for the third night without burning them . 
 i feel like i 've conquered the world once again as i slide the steaming mass onto a plate and push it toward brand across the kitchen table . 
 he purposely keeps his eyes firmly planted everywhere but the front of my shirt . 
 i feel like a wanton hussy as i remember how until today , every time i leaned forward , i made sure to push my boobs out , making my ni ** les strain even further against my shirt . . 
 ugh . 
 he must think i 'm such a slut , which is exactly the opposite of what i am , or what i want him to think . 
 god , i 'm so ridiculous . 
 `` eat up , '' i tell him . 
 `` i think it 's even edible . '' 
 brand grins and digs in , his large fingers wrapped around his fork as he shovels the eggs into his mouth . 
 he nods . 
 `` not bad , greene . 
 i think you 've mastered eggs . '' 
 i 'm in the middle of thinking of a smart comeback when my phone rings . 
 ice immediately runs down my spine , because every time my phone rings now , i assume it 's william . 
 but this time , my father 's name is on the screen . 
 the ice remains firmly planted in my back , stacked neatly between my vertebrae . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i murmur to brand as i grab the phone . 
 `` i 've got to take this . '' 
 he nods , his eyes trained curiously on my face . 
 i take the phone outside , where i pace in the yard . 
 `` hi dad , ' i answer . 
 my father does n't bother with niceties or even a hello . 
 `` william tells me you 're not returning his calls , '' he says brusquely . 
 my spine straightens even more . 
 `` i do n't have anything to say to him , '' i say through my teeth . 
 my father sighs , a razor sharp sound . 
 `` nora , i do n't have to remind you . 
 he owns fifty percent of greene corp. . 
 he and i have to unanimously approve any new ventures . 
 i need him to see things my way . 
 our way . 
 that means we have to keep him happy . 
 he 's a difficult person , but he likes you . 
 use that . '' 
 i suck in my breath . 
 `` he likes me ? 
 he more than likes me . 
 you know what he did . 
 i wo n't let him do that again , dad . 
 i wo n't . 
 nothing is worth that . '' 
 `` this is worth that , nora , '' my dad answers coldly . 
 `` this is your job , just like it is mine and your brother 's . '' 
 it might be my job , but my job description is decidedly different than my father 's or nate 's . 
 `` how can you ask this of me ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 i 'm your daughter . '' 
 silence . 
 then my father strikes , using his words as his weapons . 
 `` nora , stop being weak . 
 you 're a greene . 
 act like it . 
 do what it takes . 
 do you think i 've always enjoyed the things i 've had to do ? 
 i do n't give a f ** k if you enjoy it . 
 i do n't give a f ** k if you hate it . 
 but you will do what it takes to make him happy and keep him on our side . 
 you know damn well that the deal with the city of chicago is riding on his approval . 
 you will not f ** k it up . 
 got it ? '' 
 i 'm numb as i listen to my father 's words , the words that condemn me into basically selling my soul , my decency and my body for the sake of the company . 
 he 's commanding me to do it . 
 his own daughter . 
 most fathers do everything they can to protect their daughters . 
 not mine . 
 because i 'm silent , my father prods me . 
 `` do we have an understanding ? '' 
 i 'm still silent because honestly , i ca n't force myself to speak . 
 my mind is a flurry of words and sensations and horror and i just ca n't manage to move my lips . 
 you 're a greene , nora . 
 act like it . 
 i shudder as i think about the last time my father had said those words to me . 
 it was after the ` incident ' . 
 the mere memory of the ` incident ' makes me need to shower and without another word , i hang up on my father . 
 i rush back in the house and breeze past brand , who is cleaning off the table . 
 `` i saved your plate , '' he starts to tell me , but i hold up my hand . 
 `` i need a shower , '' i call over my shoulder . 
 he 's frozen in place staring at me , a look of utter shock on his handsome face . 
 i 'm aware that i look like a crazy person . 
 but i 've got to get the handprints off of me . 
 they might be only memories , but i can still feel each one . 
 i let the hot water scald my back , running over my face and my hips . 
 i let it wash away my doubts and my fear and my memories . 
 it 's when i 'm in the shower , and only when i 'm in the shower , that i feel truly clean . 
 i scrub myself until my skin feels red and raw , until the handprints have been scalded off . 
 as the water pours over me , i do what i always have to do when this happens . 
 i focus on any possible thing to turn my mind away from the nightmare of that night , to forget the invisible hands on my body . 
 today , it helps to focus on brand . 
 brand 's smile , brand 's strength . 
 the ornery way his eyes twinkle . 
 his goodness . 
 his goodness . 
 i sigh again as i towel off . 
 brand is far too good for me . 
 which is funny , because even as i feel tainted and unworthy because of ... everything , i 'm still acting like a hussy to get brand to notice me . 
 to get him to take me up on my no-strings offer for the summer . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 brand 's right . 
 it 's so not me . 
 but i 'm desperate , just for a few weeks , to see if i can lose myself in brand . 
 to see if his goodness can eclipse the part of me that is so irrevocably damaged , just for a little while . 
 he 's the only one good enough to do it . 
 i 'm selfish , i know . 
 i 'm selfish for being willing to let him put himself in someone 's body who is so ... used . 
 i shudder , and i ca n't hold the nausea back any more . 
 i lunge for the toilet and hang my head in it , emptying my stomach . 
 i retch and retch and then there are cool hands on my back , and fingers lifting my hair away from my face and holding it back . 
 `` it 's okay , '' brand tells me quietly , stroking my back with his rough hands . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he has no idea that i need comforting . 
 i do n't know why i 'm not humiliated that he 's here as i 'm vomiting , but it seems perfectly right . 
 he 's all i want . 
 when he 's here , everything is okay . 
 i wipe my mouth and fall back against him , perfectly aware that i 'm naked , but not willing to try and use it to my advantage . 
 brand pulls me to my feet , and holds me up . 
 `` was it something you ate ? '' 
 he asks gently . 
 yeah . 
 a wrinkled penis that was shoved in my mouth months ago . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm just going to brush my teeth and go to bed early . '' 
 `` okay . 
 call if you need me , '' brand tells me again , concern in his husky voice . 
 i ca n't bring myself to even look at him , because i 'm afraid that if i do , he 'll see what i am . 
 he 'll know what i did . 
 he 'll know that i was n't strong enough to stop it . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i listen to the creak of brand 's crutches as he walks out , then i brush my teeth and wash my face . 
 my fingers still shake . 
 the sick feeling lingers . 
 i 'm alone . 
 i 'm so f ** king alone . 
 i know that brand is in the other room , and i know that even if miracle of miracles , i manage to make him want me this summer , he 'd never want me if he knew what i 've done . 
 he 'd never want me , and i could never take seeing the repulsion on his face if he ever found out . 
 he can never find out . 
 i would n't be able to take the rejection . 
 i reach for the bottle of sleeping pills sitting on my nightstand . 
 i have n't been able to sleep without them for months , ever since it happened . 
 while i hesitate to put anything chemical in my body now , anything mind-altering , i know that if i do n't take these blessed little pills , i 'll never sleep again . 
 i 'll never sleep again because i 'm afraid of the shadows , and of what they might bring . 
 i have good reason . 
 i gulp it down , and lean back , waiting for sweet oblivion . 
 it comes rather quickly and i fall asleep breathing in the sweet lavender smell of my pillow . 
 unfortunately , as sometimes happens , the pills also bring vivid dreams , or in this case , nightmares . 
 memories . 
 the problem is , even though i know they 're nightmares , it 's hard to wake up . 
 it 's like i 'm tied to the bed , like i once was , unable to move . 
 my body writhes as i try to get away . 
 hands . 
 hot breath . 
 straps . 
 slaps . 
 pinches . 
 sucks . 
 bites . 
 pain . 
 skin rubbing mine . 
 i 'm too weak to move . 
 i ca n't move . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i wake up screaming . 
 and as i sit up and open my eyes , i see the only thing that makes me feel safe . 
 brand . 
 chapter nine brand nora 's shrill screams had woken me from a dead slumber . 
 i 'd leaped from bed and twisted my knee in the process , but it sounded like the hounds of hell were literally at her tail from the way she was screaming . 
 but now , i see she was only dreaming . 
 her face is devoid of all color , so pale it almost looks silver as she sits in the light of the moon . 
 her hands are twisted in the sheets so tightly that her knuckles are white . 
 she looks up and sees me , and relief floods her face . 
 `` brand , '' she breathes . 
 she 's limp and still and i fight the urge to cross the room and pull her to me . 
 she seems so helpless and alone . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 i say instead , remaining in the doorway . 
 she nods . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i woke you . 
 i just ... had a bad dream . '' 
 i know all about bad dreams . 
 i clear my throat , very aware that nora is na ** d in her sheets . 
 she does n't seem to even notice , so i know that her fear right now is very real . 
 `` okay . 
 i just wanted to make sure . '' 
 i turn to leave , but her voice stops me . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i turn back and her face is pensive . 
 `` can you stay ? '' 
 she 's naked . 
 `` uh . 
 i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 because she 's na ** d and this is not a smart thing . 
 she hardly lets me finish before she interrupts . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't want to be alone . '' 
 the panic i see in her blue eyes does me in and i sigh . 
 `` okay . '' 
 there 's no other place in this small bedroom to sit other than the bed . 
 so nora slides over a bit , and i drop onto the other side of the bed . 
 i stay on top of the covers . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 nora 's voice is small as she huddles back down into the bed . 
 i glance down and find that only her nose is sticking out , and a few tendrils of dark red hair . 
 her fingers are still tightly wound around the sheets . 
 i smile in the dark , then reach over and pry her fingers loose , straightening them out , forcing her to relax her grip . 
 her eyes open . 
 `` what are you afraid of ? '' 
 i ask her quietly , staring into them . 
 she blinks . 
 `` everything , '' she sighs , surprising me . 
 the dark almost seems suffocating , and against my better judgment , i close my hand over hers , holding her fingers . 
 `` do n't be , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 'm here now . '' 
 she sucks in her breath , i hear it . 
 and i regret my words . 
 i do n't want her to grow dependent on me . 
 we 're only here a short time . 
 i ca n't get sucked in . 
 i wo n't let it be another situation like the one with jacey . 
 nora reaches for me , and i tense . 
 it 's visible . 
 she stares at me through the dark , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` what are you afraid of ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i answer out of habit . 
 she narrows her eyes more . 
 `` let me ask that again . 
 what are you afraid of ? '' 
 `` this , '' i finally answer . 
 nora sucks her breath in again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` because nothing good can come of it . 
 we 're only here for a few weeks . '' 
 nora 's lips curve into a slow smile . 
 `` brand , trust me . 
 a whole lot of good can come from it . '' 
 she reaches for me , her slender arms curving around my neck , pulling my face down to hers . 
 and while i know i should push her away , i should get up and leave , i do n't . 
 her lips taste sweet as they press to mine . 
 i slide my hands up her warm back and pull her to me , crushing her against my bare chest . 
 our combined warmth ignites and her tongue slides into my mouth . 
 `` i need you , brand , '' she breathes . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 she slides her hand down my chest until she finds my hardness and i hear the rush of air as her breath rushes over her lips . 
 her cool fingers grasp me , and i know that it 's over . 
 logical thought escapes me and all i can focus on is the friction of her hand stroking my cock . 
 smart or not , i 'm burying myself in her tight little body tonight . 
 the chips can fall where they may . 
 *** nora sweet mary . 
 he 's enormous . 
 and hard . 
 and it 's all for me . 
 these are my thoughts as i slide my fingers up and down his shaft . 
 with each touch , he gets harder , if that 's even possible . 
 he 's as hard as steel . 
 i ca n't believe he 's giving in . 
 his warmth is delicious . 
 his hard chest pressed against mine ... gah . 
 and then his fingers find me . 
 he slides them into my wetness and he groans into my ear . 
 `` jesus , you 're so wet already . '' 
 `` i want you , '' i tell him simply . 
 `` i 've always wanted you . '' 
 he groans again , his fingers sliding in and out , faster , then slow , then fast . 
 my fantasy is coming true tonight . 
 he lowers his head and pulls a sensitive nipple into his mouth , licking at first , then sucking . 
 i throw my head back , my fingers wrapped in his hair . 
 he sucks harder , then he pulls away . 
 `` do n't stop , '' i tell him . 
 `` please . '' 
 he sucks the other nipple . 
 `` i want them to match . '' 
 i smile , but out of the blue , as brand hovers above me , the old panicky feeling comes back and i see william 's face instead of brand . 
 i 'm frozen for a minute , the breath caught in my throat , as i fight to get past it . 
 this is brand . 
 this is brand . 
 he 'll never hurt you . 
 brand notices my tight arms and pulls away , even though his breathing is ragged . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i nod , gulping air . 
 i want this . 
 yes . 
 he 'll make me good for just a while . 
 i need this . 
 `` i need you , '' i tell him again , forcing myself to relax . 
 he pulls me close , so close i can hear his heart against my ear . 
 with one strong hand splayed against my back , he reaches the other around and strokes me with it . 
 gah . 
 he knows just what to do ... just where to touch me to get my body to sing . 
 to make me forget the shame of william ... just for a little while . 
 i arch against him . 
 `` i want you inside of me , '' i pant . 
 `` now . '' 
 i 've waited years for this . 
 `` patience , '' brand murmurs into my ear , his breath hot . 
 he lowers his head , sucking my br ** sts again , gently , then harder . 
 he moves his hand in circles , fast , then faster . 
 he works me up , over the cresting waves , building , building , building . 
 i ca n't breathe now and i rock my h * ps against him . 
 he 's gentle , yet firm , strong , yet careful . 
 he 's a beautiful contradiction ... and exactly what i need i need him . 
 i need him . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 then the world explodes in a bright shattering of whites and blues and reds . 
 i ride the orgasm , rocking against the palm of brand 's hand until the last waves of it have passed . 
 then i fall limply against him , his strength absorbing my weakness . 
 he lifts my chin with his finger , then buries his tongue in my mouth . 
 deep , deeper . 
 then all of a sudden , in one fluid motion , he buries his c ** k in me , sliding it deep within me . 
 i groan and tilt my hips . 
 i want all of him . 
 all . 
 of . 
 him . 
 make me good , brand . 
 i want to absorb him , to take his goodness and cover myself with it . 
 nothing can hurt me when he 's with me . 
 when he 's inside of me , he takes away the shame . 
 `` god , you feel good , '' brand groans as he moves inside of me . 
 i cling to him , like a drowning person to a raft . 
 each time he slides into me , a wave of pleasure erupts ... building , building , building . 
 again . 
 i come again without warning , in a haze of moans and whimpers . 
 i throw my head back and let my body convulse with it , as brand pauses and pulls my ribcage up to him , his lips finding my br ** sts once again . 
 again . 
 again . 
 he worships them again , one by one , his tongue laving my ni ** les , sucking on the sensitive flesh . 
 i want to die right here in his arms . 
 it would be a good way to die . 
 when i open my eyes , he 's waiting to stare into them , poised above me like the avenging angel that he is . 
 his muscle flexes . 
 `` i 'm going to come in you , '' he tells me simply . 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'm on the pill . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 've been tested ... it 's okay . '' 
 brand nods and buries himself in me once again and i want to scream with it , with the way he fills me up . 
 his hardness , my softness . 
 it 's perfect . 
 he 's perfect . 
 `` i want to feel you come , '' i tell him urgently , pulling him back into me . 
 give me everything you have . 
 i need to feel it . 
 brand rocks with me , holding me in his strong arms until he throws back his head and groans with his release . 
 i feel his c ** k quiver inside of me , contracting as he comes . 
 he comes and comes and comes . 
 he relaxes against me , but does n't let me go . 
 `` what did we just do ? '' 
 he finally whispers against my forehead , after minutes or hours have passed . 
 everything is a blur around me , but i do n't care . 
 he sounds slightly dismayed , but i do n't care about that , either . 
 because i 'm ecstatic . 
 `` you just made my dreams come true , '' i answer . 
 `` the good ones , '' i clarify . 
 brand shakes his head and rolls to the side , keeping me in his arms . 
 `` was it everything you thought it would be ? '' 
 he asks drily , with amusement . 
 i nod . 
 `` and more . '' 
 now that i 've been with him , it 's not going to be enough . 
 i know that . 
 i 'm always going to want him . 
 everyone else will just pale in comparison . 
 but as i burrow against his chest , a hard truth impales my heart . 
 i ca n't be with him long . 
 i ca n't eclipse his good heart with my black one . 
 i wo n't do it . 
 this summer is all i have . 
 no matter what . 
 even though it will kill me to leave him . 
 even though he 's all i want . 
 i would never shackle him to someone like me . 
 never . 
 i fall asleep listening to the steady cadence of his heart . 
 when i wake , the sunshine is streaming through my windows , and brand is gone . 
 chapter ten brand i stir the scrambled eggs in the pan , carefully balancing on my good foot as i twist around to pour a glass of orange juice , because i 'd woken up guilty and unable to sleep . 
 so here i am making breakfast . 
 what did you do ? 
 you 're such a f ** king idiot . 
 i ignore my inner voice , but it 's a persistent ass ** le . 
 nora is n't the kind of girl that you f ** k around with and leave . 
 and she 's not the kind of girl who will want you . 
 not for real . 
 i 'd like to punch my inner voice in the teeth . 
 i 'm in a predicament now , because i listened to my c ** k last night instead of my head . 
 with a sigh , i hobble with my crutch under one arm and nora 's breakfast in my other hand . 
 i poke my head around the corner to find that she 's awake . 
 `` good morning , '' i tell her quietly . 
 i hobble in and set the plate on her bed . 
 `` i thought you might be hungry . '' 
 she stretches like a sated cat . 
 `` i am , '' she announces with a grin . 
 `` i depleted my energy stores last night . '' 
 she flushes prettily , and picks up her plate . 
 `` about last night ... '' i begin and sit on the edge of the bed . 
 nora looks up warily . 
 `` you ca n't go back , '' she interrupts firmly . 
 `` the bullet has already left the gun . 
 there 's only one thing you can do now ... take me up on my proposition . '' 
 i exhale . 
 `` nora , i meant what i said earlier . 
 you 're better than that . 
 you 're worth more than some ` proposition . ' '' 
 i do n't know why i feel like i need to tell her that . 
 she 's nora greene for god 's sake . 
 she knows what she 's worth . 
 she stares at me like i have two heads . 
 `` as i told you earlier , you do n't know what i 'm worth . 
 i do . 
 i want you , brand . 
 i know we only have a few weeks but i want every day of those few weeks . 
 you 're here , i 'm here . 
 it 's perfect . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` so you want me because it 's convenient ? '' 
 she giggles and takes a drink of juice . 
 `` no , i want you because i want you . 
 it 's just nice that it 's convenient . '' 
 `` you 're ... something , '' i tell her , shaking my head . 
 i do n't know what to make of her . 
 she glances up , her eyes filled with laughter . 
 `` good . 
 that 's better than nothing . '' 
 she takes a bite of eggs , then glances up at me . 
 `` what should we do today ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` there 's not much to do . 
 we 're stuck in a cottage in angel bay . 
 without cable . '' 
 nora rolls her eyes . 
 `` uh . 
 there 's plenty to do . '' 
 she reaches up and slides her hand under my shirt , her fingertips grazing my nipple . 
 at just this minute , there 's a heavy knock on the back door . 
 we look at each other . 
 `` saved by the bell , '' nora grins . 
 she gets out of bed and pulls on a robe . 
 `` hold that thought . 
 i 'll get it . '' 
 i hear her pad down the hallway and i hobble behind her , feeling like a clumsy ass ** le with my f ** king crutches . 
 when i reach the living room , nora is already showing a man clad in a suit into the cottage . 
 `` brand , it 's for you , '' she tells me hesitantly . 
 `` it 's your dad 's estate lawyer . '' 
 i study the guy ... he 's pasty , weaselish , and dressed in a tightly buttoned suit . 
 he holds his hand out . 
 `` i 'm todd ansel , '' he tells me . 
 `` i represented your father and put his will together . 
 do you have a few minutes ? '' 
 `` a few , '' i nod , making it clear that i only have a few . 
 nora has backed up now , and is lingering on the edge of the room . 
 `` do you need me to stay ? '' 
 she asks me quietly . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nah . 
 i 've got this , but thank you . '' 
 she slips out and i stare at todd . 
 i do n't offer him a seat . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 he clears his throat and sets his briefcase on the floor beside him . 
 `` i spoke with your mother and she indicated that you wanted to relinquish your rights to your inheritance and transfer it to her , instead . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . '' 
 todd nods as well . 
 `` yes , your father anticipated that you would do that . 
 so he put a stipulation in his will . '' 
 i stare at him hesitantly . 
 `` a stipulation ? 
 my mother did n't mention that . '' 
 todd nods again . 
 `` that 's because she does n't know . '' 
 i sigh heavily . 
 leave it to my father to do something f ** ked up , even in the end . 
 `` well , what is it ? '' 
 todd bends and sifts through his bag , coming up with a paper . 
 he hands it to me , his weasel eyes focused on my reaction . 
 i do n't give him one . 
 instead , i scan the paper . 
 all i can focus on are the words , brand must ring the bell . 
 shock slams into me , fast and hard , and anger clouds my vision . 
 what a f ** ker . 
 todd clears his throat again . 
 `` i 'm not sure what the purpose of this exercise is , but your father 's wishes are clear . 
 you must swim out to the large buoy in the bay and ring the bell , then swim back in . 
 you must be un-assisted , you can not use a boat or motorized device of any sort . 
 you must swim on your own devices . 
 if you do n't complete this task , your inheritance will revert to the state . 
 and you will not be given the key to the box your father left for you . '' 
 through my anger , that snags my attention . 
 `` a key ? '' 
 todd raises an eyebrow . 
 `` you must not have tried to open the box yet . 
 it 's locked . 
 i have the key . 
 i 'm instructed to give it to you only upon completion of the task . '' 
 nora must 've only lingered right outside the door , because she bursts back in now . 
 `` what will happen if he does n't do it ? '' 
 she asks , her cheeks flushed . 
 todd looks at her . 
 `` if brand chooses not to complete the task , his inheritance will revert to the state , as i said . 
 bethany killien will receive nothing . 
 and it 's my understanding that she does the books for mr. killien 's mechanic business . 
 it 's likely that she will lose her job when the state sells the business . '' 
 `` so my mother would have nothing , '' i clarify . 
 `` not a house , not any money and she would lose her job . '' 
 finally , todd has the good graces to look uncomfortable . 
 `` yes . 
 i do n't know what your father 's motives were , but yes . 
 your mother would have nothing . '' 
 `` perhaps his mother deserves nothing , '' nora snaps . 
 if i were n't already so annoyed with the situation , i would find her reaction amusing . 
 she 's so defensive on my behalf . 
 the lawyer shrugs . 
 `` i guess that 's for brand to decide . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` you have thirty days from today to complete the task . 
 i need to be present as a witness . 
 again , if you choose not to do it , the entire inheritance will default to the state . '' 
 `` we understand that part , '' nora says icily . 
 `` i 'll show you out . '' 
 todd picks up his briefcase and hands me his card . 
 `` call me when you 're ready to take a cold dip in the lake . '' 
 he walks out . 
 nora closes the door behind him , then walks back to me . 
 `` why would your father do that ? '' 
 she asks softly , her hand curled around my arm . 
 i shrug . 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 but i know . 
 and nora is fully aware of that . 
 she stares at me knowingly . 
 `` all right . 
 i wo n't pry . 
 for now . 
 but what will you do ? '' 
 i shrug again , because this time i really do n't know . 
 i do n't know what i 'll do . 
 my mother probably does n't deserve anything . 
 but it 's not in my character to let an old lady get kicked to the street . 
 even a cold-hearted old lady like my mother . 
 `` i have to think about it , '' i finally answer . 
 `` it 's not about swimming out to the buoy . 
 it 's about ... what message i want to send to my mother . '' 
 nora stares at me , her blue eyes understanding . 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' she answers softly . 
 `` i would n't lift a finger for my father . '' 
 she turns around and walks away before i can ask her why . 
 within a minute , she returns with her purse . 
 `` i 'm going to run a quick errand , and then let 's get out of here for the day , '' she suggests . 
 `` i 've got cabin fever already . '' 
 `` you do n't have to stay here with me , '' i remind her . 
 `` there 's no reason for both of us to be bored . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` after the line we crossed last night , there 's no place i 'd rather be . '' 
 she winks and i shake my head . 
 `` last night does n't change anything . '' 
 she leans up and nips at my ear lobe . 
 `` last night changes everything . '' 
 with that , she walks out to her car and i ca n't help but watch her tight ass sway as she walks away . 
 with a sigh , i know that she 's right . 
 it changed everything . 
 and honestly , i 'm tired of fighting it . 
 chapter eleven nora it takes forever to find a car rental place with a convertible , but i manage . 
 over an hour later , i pull back up to the cottage in a sporty red convertible with the top down . 
 brand is reclining on the porch steps , his legs stretched out in front of him as he waits in the shade . 
 his eyes widen a bit as i round the car and walk toward him . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i giggle . 
 `` well , i did n't sell the jag or anything . 
 i rented this for the day . 
 let 's drive around the lake with the wind in our hair , then have a picnic . '' 
 brand raises an eyebrow . 
 `` did you cook any part of the lunch ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` no . 
 it 's already in the car , pre-bought . 
 all i need is you now . '' 
 the corners of his mouth twitch , but he does n't argue . 
 he just picks up his crutches and heads toward the car . 
 his bulging biceps flex as he takes each step . 
 i gulp , remembering how they 'd flexed as he 'd balanced above me last night , how his skin had glistened in the moonlight , how he had groaned into my neck . 
 warmth gushes into my panties . 
 gah . 
 brand glances at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my cheeks are burning . 
 and he noticed . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nothing . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 his lip twitches again . 
 he drops into the car , and puts the crutches in the small back seat . 
 `` ready . '' 
 i fasten my seatbelt and pull my hair into a quick ponytail , before i drive out of the driveway and down the road . 
 the breeze from the lake is fresh and clean this morning , blowing gently against our faces . 
 the sun gleams on the top of the water and the temperature is absolutely perfect . 
 i stick to roads that hug the lake , rather than drive on the highway . 
 we leisurely drive , chatting about nothing and everything , as though we do n't have anything more important to do at all , as though his dad was n't conniving and hateful , as though he does n't have that stupid will hanging over his head and i do n't have a hateful job waiting for me at the end of the summer . 
 it 's really nice . 
 brand glances over at me . 
 `` why did you go to law school ? '' 
 the question surprises me . 
 `` why did you go to the rangers ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` that 's not the same thing . 
 being a ranger suited me . 
 being a lawyer does n't suit you . '' 
 my mouth drops open as i look at the road again . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 brand shrugs . 
 `` because you 're not cold-hearted or ruthless . 
 it 's a strange occupation choice for you , that 's all . '' 
 i feel my cheeks flush again , and i wish they would n't . 
 `` you do n't know me , '' i tell him firmly . 
 `` if the situation calls for it , i can do what it takes . 
 my dad has drilled that into my head since i was a toddler . 
 be a good greene , nora . 
 do what it takes . 
 it 's worked out okay for me . 
 i was valedictorian of my senior class , and then i graduated stanford law school with a perfect gpa . '' 
 `` that 's nice , '' brand smirks . 
 `` we can put that on your gravestone after you work yourself into the ground . '' 
 i scowl . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 brand levels a gaze at me and i look away . 
 `` it means that there is more to life than striving to be someone you 're not . 
 i get that you want to please your dad . 
 i saw him back in the day , back when i worked at the club . 
 he 's a. . . 
 commanding person . 
 intimidating . 
 i can see why you 'd want to please him . 
 but your life is your own . '' 
 i swallow hard , because a lump suddenly formed in my throat . 
 `` and now you 're an expert ? '' 
 brand shakes his head and looks toward the lake . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm just observant . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 i 've got to change the subject . 
 `` well , then , observe this . '' 
 i slide my right hand along his inner thigh , and his athletic shorts that he 's been wearing because of his knee brace give me easy access . 
 i slip my fingers under the hem and up along his thigh , my fingers grazing his bare skin . 
 i hear his breath suck in . 
 i feel the velvety skin beneath my fingers . 
 i feel my pulse bounding right out of my veins . 
 warmth floods my panties again . 
 this man is like crack to me . 
 for real . 
 i stroke his thigh , enjoying his quick breaths . 
 he does n't stop me . 
 i feel his hardness , and the way he engorges even more , growing harder and harder by the moment . 
 i feel his dick grow against the back of my hand . 
 i stroke it lightly with my knuckles . 
 he takes a breath . 
 i exhale . 
 `` it 's time for lunch , '' i announce shakily , withdrawing my hand . 
 i turn onto a little road that leads to a look-out on the top of a bluff . 
 from here , there 's a perfect view of the lake . 
 and there 's no one else in sight . 
 it 's secluded and perfect . 
 i put the car in park , then turn to brand . 
 `` i want your tongue in my mouth . 
 right now . '' 
 i 'm imperative and bossy . 
 his mouth curls up . 
 but he reaches for me , his strong arms pulling me onto his lap . 
 his tongue plunges into my mouth , his lips firm and soft . 
 he tastes like mint and man . 
 my fingers splay on his chest , relishing the hardness beneath my fingers . 
 he kisses me breathless . 
 when he pulls away , i 'm shaky . 
 he cocks an eyebrow . 
 `` again ? '' 
 i nod , because i 'm a wanton hussy . 
 brand smiles , like the sun , and grabs me again . 
 he grips the base of my neck with one strong hand and pulls my face to his own . 
 i like his power . 
 i like his strength . 
 because i know he 'd never use it on me . 
 i pull away and glance up into his ocean blue eyes . 
 `` why are you doing this ? 
 i thought you said that it was n't going to happen again ? '' 
 brand 's eyes cloud for a minute , then clear . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` you 're an adult . 
 you know what you want . 
 and i 'm an adult . 
 i know what i want . '' 
 he stares at me with his blue , blue eyes , his gaze so intense that it takes my breath away . 
 `` i 'll be good for you , '' i promise . 
 `` this summer , you 're going to wonder what you ever did before me . '' 
 brand 's eyes cloud again , but he does n't say anything . 
 he just pulls me back to his mouth . 
 `` prove it , '' he growls against my lips . 
 i pop my head up and look around . 
 no one is in sight . 
 with an impish grin , i pull at brand 's shorts . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asks calmly , his eyebrow cocked . 
 god , i love it when he does that . 
 so cocky , so sexy . 
 is there anything sexier than brand killien on the face of the planet ? 
 `` you get three guesses , '' i tell him as i pull his shorts down to his knees and lean over him . 
 i trail my tongue from the base of his dick to the tip . 
 i glance up at him , my eyes locked with his as i trace a circle around the head of his cock . 
 `` what 's your first guess ? '' 
 he swallows hard , then leans his head against the seat , closing his eyes as my mouth closes around the head of his dick . 
 `` jesus , '' he mutters , as i stroke the length of him as i suck . 
 for just one split moment , an ugly memory erupts in my head , one of a wrinkled penis and fetid breath . 
 i cringe , and grip brand 's dick harder than necessary . 
 his eyes open . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumble against the skin of his dick . 
 i soften my grip and lick him again . 
 this is brand . 
 this is brand . 
 this is brand . 
 he 's brave and good and true . 
 he would never hurt me . 
 i suck . 
 he swallows . 
 i glide my hand along his length , and cup his balls . 
 he swallows again . 
 i marvel at his hardness . 
 i inhale his scent . 
 i lick the velvet tip . 
 he grips my back . 
 `` i want to be inside you , '' he murmurs , soft and husky . 
 `` not yet , '' i tell him . 
 i want to taste him . 
 i want his goodness inside of me . 
 i want to swallow it . 
 everything about him is just so f ** king good . 
 i want to absorb it in every way that i can . 
 i bob my head faster , my hand quickening its pace . 
 brand groans again , his head falling back against the seat . 
 `` i 'm going to come , '' he warns me , his voice stilted . 
 i move faster and then i pull on his balls . 
 give it to me . 
 he comes in my mouth , spurting hotly , his dick pulsing . 
 i suck it all in , swallowing , swallowing . 
 i lick him clean . 
 when i sit up , i smooth my hair back into place , as though i 'd simply been out for a walk in the breeze . 
 `` you ready for lunch ? '' 
 i ask casually . 
 brand smiles with his eyes closed . 
 `` maybe i 'll take a nap first . '' 
 i punch him lightly on the arm . 
 `` not even . 
 you 've got to regain your strength . 
 i 've got work for you to do in a while . '' 
 he opens one eye now , staring at me lazily . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yep . 
 let 's go , killien . '' 
 we take the picnic basket to the table on the lookout , and sit chewing on our sandwiches in the sun . 
 in front of us , the lake glistens and crashes against the shore . 
 `` i love it here , '' i tell him . 
 he looks at me in surprise . 
 `` i thought you said you hated it ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i just hate being at my parents ' house . '' 
 he takes a bite . 
 `` then why are you ? 
 you 're an adult . 
 you can do what you want . '' 
 tightness pulls at my chest , the way it always does when i think about it . 
 `` it 's not that simple , '' i tell him . 
 `` i wish it were . '' 
 brand falls silent and we eat . 
 when we 're finished , i throw the trash away , then walk back to him , sliding up between his legs . 
 i stare into his gorgeous face . 
 `` i do n't know what changed your mind , '' i announce to him . 
 `` i know you were dead-set against being with me . 
 but i do n't care what it was . 
 all i care about is the fact that you 're in front of me right now . 
 and you 're mine for the summer . '' 
 i announce it like i 'm staking claim , because i am . 
 and then i pull him to me , inhaling his scent right before i kiss him as deep as i can . 
 i push my body into his , my h * ps into his . 
 my tongue tangling with his . 
 my body and his body . 
 nora and brand , forever and ever and ever . 
 or at least , until the end of the summer . 
 until i have to let him go before i taint him . 
 glancing around , i find that there 's still no one in sight . 
 an evil thought comes to me and i grin . 
 `` you recovered yet ? '' 
 brand raises an eyebrow , but does n't have time to answer before i pull his shorts down a bit . 
 he yanks backward , staring at me in shock . 
 but i do n't give him time to process it . 
 i drop my shorts , then sit immediately on his lap , without pause or foreplay . 
 i slide down the length of his already hard dick , my softness and warmth enveloping him . 
 `` jesus , '' brand sighs again . 
 i smile against his neck as i cling to him . 
 `` you 're going to come in me this time , '' i tell him softly . 
 `` yes , m ` am , '' he answers huskily , lifting my h * ps with his hands as we rock together . 
 i love the way his hands can span my waist . 
 i love the way he makes me feel small and delicate and feminine . 
 i love the way he fills me up . 
 i sigh into his mouth as his tongue invades mine . 
 we 're in the middle of broad daylight and neither one of us cares . 
 we rock together until brand finally throws his head back with his release . 
 and then he holds me close to his chest , while we both regain our bearings . 
 slowly , the world comes back into focus and i glance up at him . 
 `` see ? 
 you 're not going to know what you did before me . '' 
 he closes his eyes in the sun and suddenly my own words scare me . 
 because maybe i wo n't either . 
 chapter twelve brand i 'm an ass ** le . 
 i 'm an ass ** le . 
 i 'm an ass ** le . 
 that 's all i can think as we drive back toward the cottage , with the radio up and the wind in our hair . 
 it 's a perfect day , and i just f ** ked nora greene in the middle of broad daylight , after basically agreeing to a summer fling . 
 what the f ** k am i doing ? 
 nora chooses this moment to reach over and grab my hand , holding it tightly while she drives . 
 she does n't look at me , she just gazes at the road and then the lake , then the road again . 
 her red hair gleams under the sun , her skin luminous and creamy and my gut tightens . 
 what the f ** k ? 
 nothing good can come of this . 
 why , then , does it feel so good ? 
 her hand feels perfectly at home inside of mine . 
 and you were n't arguing about your dick being inside of her mouth , either , my f ** king devil side tells me persuasively . 
 i sigh . 
 this summer will probably kill me . 
 or condemn me to hell . 
 at the moment , though , i do n't care . 
 everyone around me has gotten where they are today not by thinking of other people , but by thinking of themselves . 
 putting themselves first . 
 maybe it 's time i start . 
 being with nora feels good . 
 is n't that enough of a reason ? 
 the silence is comfortable and familiar as we drive to the rental car company and exchange cars and then head back for the cottage . 
 we 've managed to kill most of the day with driving , but it was nice . 
 nora turns down honeysuckle drive . 
 as we pass my mother 's house , i grit my teeth , as i remember that her life is practically in my hands . 
 her life as she knows it , anyway . 
 i sigh . 
 fuck it . 
 she does n't deserve my help . 
 but just as quickly as i have the thought , i think something else . 
 no matter how much of a bitch she is , i do n't want to give her the power to make me be someone i 'm not . 
 and i 'm not an ass ** le . 
 nora glances over at me . 
 `` you know what i 've recently decided ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 of course i do n't . 
 nora stares straight ahead as she speaks . 
 `` i 've decided that i ca n't help how people treat me . 
 all i can do is handle myself ... and not let their actions reduce me . 
 no matter what happens , i 'm going to be me . 
 they ca n't take that away . '' 
 what a curious thing to say . 
 it 's almost as if she can read my thoughts . 
 `` that 's very wise , '' i nod . 
 `` but easier in theory than practice . '' 
 nora puts the car in park outside the cottage . 
 `` i know . 
 trust me . 
 wan na watch me practice ? '' 
 puzzled , i start to ask what she 's talking about , but then realize that another car is in the drive , a sleek black mercedes . 
 turning , i find maxwell greene sitting on the porch , waiting for us , dressed in an expensive suit and shiny loafers . 
 he 's as out of place on that porch as anyone i 've ever seen . 
 and from the expression on his face , he does n't want to be here , either . 
 i can see from the way he 's looking at me that he does n't approve of me . 
 at all . 
 i clench my jaw . 
 fuck him . 
 i do n't need anyone 's approval . 
 i climb from the car and grab my crutches as nora greets him . 
 `` hi dad , '' she calls cheerfully , but the smile on her face is forced . 
 i wonder why she hates him so much ? 
 because it 's clear to me that she does . 
 her father scowls . 
 `` what are you doing here , nora ? '' 
 he does n't even bother to greet her , as if she 's too unimportant to waste his breath . 
 nora flinches , but covers it up . 
 `` as you know , brand was injured when he was saving my life , '' she places emphasis on those words . 
 `` i 'm here to help him while he 's recovering . 
 it 's the least i can do . '' 
 as nora 's father rolls his eyes , i remember the day of the accident , and how i 'd glanced behind me and saw him and his wife , talking to the emts . 
 nora 's mother was anxious and hysterical , while maxwell was as cool as he could be . 
 almost unconcerned . 
 what kind of father does that ? 
 i stick out my hand . 
 `` i do n't think we 've officially ever met . 
 brand killien . '' 
 maxwell stares at my hand for a minute , almost in distaste , before he stiffly takes it . 
 `` maxwell greene , '' he replies gruffly . 
 he looks immediately away to nora . 
 `` it 's time to come home . 
 you 're supposed to be relaxing this summer , getting ready for the fall . 
 and william is at our house . 
 he 's waiting to talk to you . '' 
 nora instantly goes pale . 
 the horror on her face is obvious and very , very revealing . 
 she opens her mouth , then closes it . 
 i step forward . 
 `` i do n't mean to intrude , but nora promised me that she would take me to physical therapy this evening . '' 
 her father barely glances at me . 
 `` well , i guess you 'll have to get someone else to do it . 
 nora , i 'll meet you back at home . '' 
 you 're welcome for saving your daughter 's life , ass ** le . 
 he starts to walk toward his car . 
 nora is frozen , but then she glances at me . 
 i nod . 
 be strong , nora . 
 do n't let him control you . 
 she looks into my eyes , searching for something , something i ca n't name . 
 she must find it , because she squares her shoulders and takes a step . 
 `` actually , dad , i ca n't come home right now . 
 i 've got an obligation here . 
 i gave my word , and i need to keep it . 
 is n't that how you raised me ? '' 
 her voice starts out tremulous , but grows steadier . 
 maxwell stops in his tracks , then turns slowly . 
 i can see the displeasure on his face , from the idea that his daughter dared to defy him . 
 there 's a coldness in his eyes that is familiar to me . 
 i used to see it in my own father . 
 he takes a step , and i move slightly in front of nora . 
 i stare into his face . 
 if you want her , you 'll come through me , ass ** le . 
 humor fills his eyes . 
 `` are you going to do something , gimp ? '' 
 maxwell asks , his voice quiet and even . 
 i smile at this . 
 i could level this guy out with two gimpy legs and one hand tied behind my back . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 i do n't have to . 
 he knows . 
 i stand my ground because actions speak louder than words . 
 maxwell stares at his daughter , his gaze unyielding . 
 finally , he turns . 
 `` we 'll discuss this later , nora . 
 your mother is hosting a dinner on friday . 
 you 'll be there . '' 
 without even looking at us again , he gets into his car and drives away . 
 i hear nora exhale from behind me . 
 i turn around and stare into her face . 
 she 's still pale , still shaky . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 thank you for ... thank you . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i do n't like bullies . '' 
 `` me either , '' she murmurs . 
 she stretches on her toes to get the house key and unlocks the door . 
 as we go in , she turns to me . 
 `` i think i have to go to my mother 's dinner . 
 will you go with me ? '' 
 her voice is strained , her eyes empty . 
 i immediately agree . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm going to ... take a shower . 
 are you ok out here for a while ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 i watch her walk away , her back stiff , her hands fisted at her sides . 
 she 's in the shower for a long time . 
 the physical therapist comes and does his thirty minutes of pt with me before nora finally emerges from the bathroom , steamy and clean . 
 `` how did pt go ? '' 
 she asks curiously as she steeps some tea in a china cup . 
 i notice that her arms are red . 
 she scrubbed them with force . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i know what to expect . 
 this is n't my first rodeo . '' 
 nora sits in the chair next to me by the window . 
 `` was your leg really shattered before ? '' 
 `` pretty much . 
 i think i 've got more metal and screws in it than bone . 
 but it 's okay . 
 i can walk , which is more than a lot of guys . '' 
 without meaning to , i think of mad dog , my old colleague and friend , whose legs were blown off in front of me . 
 he had n't survived . 
 `` this dinner , '' i change the subject . 
 `` what 's it for ? '' 
 nora shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 my father makes my mother host dinner parties for his business associates . 
 it 's hard to say who will be there or what this one is for . '' 
 i eye her carefully . 
 `` will william be there ? '' 
 nora tenses up , her hands gripping her china cup . 
 `` probably . '' 
 i do n't answer , although i 'm even more assured now that i need to go with her to the dinner . 
 after a moment , nora speaks . 
 `` what my dad said ... about you being a gimp ... do n't listen to him . 
 you 're amazing . 
 your little pinky is more of a man than my father will ever be . '' 
 i have to smile at this . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i do n't usually let ass ** les influence the way i see myself . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` good . 
 because sometimes i worry that you do n't see yourself the way i do . '' 
 i c ** k my head , studying her in the dying light of the sun . 
 `` and how is that ? '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` fishing for compliments ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nope . 
 just trying to get your perspective . '' 
 `` you 're strong , '' she says firmly . 
 `` and brave and honorable and good . 
 i 've never met anyone like you . 
 and i doubt i ever will again . '' 
 her assessment takes my breath away . 
 the reverence in her voice takes me aback . 
 she looks at me with adoration and i know i do n't deserve it . 
 i start to shake my head , but she 's already shaking her own . 
 `` do n't bother , '' she tells me firmly . '' 
 i know what i know . '' 
 whatever . 
 i pick up her hand and hold it , my rough thumb stroking hers . 
 `` nora , i doubt i can live up to the fantasy that you have in your head . 
 of me , i mean . 
 i 'm just a guy . 
 i do the best i can , but ... '' she stares at me , impaling me with her blue gaze . 
 `` do n't even try , '' she tells me softly . 
 `` it wo n't work . 
 i see you for what you are , brand . 
 i only wish you could see it , too . '' 
 she stands and stretches , then takes her cup to the kitchen . 
 `` i 'm going to bed early , '' she tells me pointedly , staring at me with laser focus . 
 `` do you want to join me ? '' 
 she turns and walks to the bedroom and without another word , i follow her . 
 she undresses with purpose , taking each article of clothing off slowly and carefully , her eyes locked with mine the entire time . 
 my dick stands to attention as her tits pop out of her bra . 
 `` come here , '' i tell her . 
 obediently , she walks straight to me , her creamy skin hot beneath my fingers . 
 dipping my head , i rake one of her strawberry ni ** les in my mouth . 
 she throws her head back and digs her fingers through my hair . 
 `` you do taste like honey , '' i tell her . 
 she smiles . 
 `` are you still hungry ? '' 
 she asks wolfishly . 
 i nod . 
 `` always . '' 
 chapter thirteen nora after brand makes love to me for the third time today , he falls asleep in my arms . 
 i watch him sleep for the longest time , watching the way his face is so peaceful , the way he 's vulnerable in a way that he never is when he 's awake . 
 i wish i could stay like this forever with him . 
 safe . 
 i swallow at the thought . 
 if only . 
 but i remember the look on my father 's face earlier tonight . 
 there will be hell to pay for that simple act of defiance . 
 i look down at brand 's sleeping face . 
 but it was worth it . 
 i fall asleep wrapped in his warm arms . 
 when i wake the next morning , i realize that it was the first night in months that i did n't have a nightmare . 
 chapter fourteen brand each day of the week passes peacefully , each night just as peaceful . 
 nora sleeps in my bed , curled into my side . 
 each morning , she kisses me awake , her hair falling onto my face . 
 today , after breakfast , i venture outside while she works from her laptop at the table . 
 i make my way down to the gazebo that sits near the beach . 
 dropping onto a bench , i stare at the lake . 
 more specifically , i stare at the large buoy floating a hundred yards out . 
 the bell dings with the breeze , as the moss covered buoy tilts to and fro on the waves . 
 a shudder runs through me . 
 as i stare at it , i do n't even see it anymore . 
 instead , in my head , i 'm a boy again . 
 and i still hear the dinging of that f ** king bell . 
 i glance at the clock . 
 three a.m. . 
 there 's only one person who would come for me at three a.m. i swallow hard , the acidic taste of bile rising in my throat . 
 it wo n't go down , so i swallow harder , and the footsteps come closer . 
 my hands twist in the sheets , forming a fist ... a fist that i know i wo n't use . 
 i 'm only twelve and he outweighs me by a hundred pounds . 
 i grit my teeth , flexing my jaw . 
 my bedroom door opens . 
 his shadow fills up my doorway , falling onto the floor . 
 in the blackness , his shadow resembles the monster he is . 
 `` get out here , '' he growls . 
 i force myself to succumb to numbness as i climb from bed . 
 it 's the only way i survive it ... this ... my life . 
 he grabs my arm , dragging me down the hall . 
 every other door remains closed , tight and dark . 
 like always , no one will come to my rescue . 
 i 'm alone . 
 i 'm used to it . 
 one foot after the other , i make the long walk . 
 when the cold air hits my face , i do n't even flinch . 
 my bare feet burn from the snow . 
 i still do n't react . 
 all i do ... all i can ever do ... is brace myself for the pain . 
 it comes quickly . 
 my father backhands me hard , hard enough that i go flying into the frozen sand and i taste blood . 
 `` get up , '' my father snarls , alcohol on his breath . 
 he 's been at the bar , again . 
 it 's always when he comes home trashed that he drags me out here . 
 i stagger to my feet , and the world whirls around me . 
 i see two of my father , before i blink and they blend back into one . 
 `` swim out and ring the bell , '' he demands . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` the lake is almost frozen , '' i tell him . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 my father 's face contorts . 
 `` you 're such a little chicken shit , '' he growls , backhanding the side of my head . 
 i cup my ear with my hand and feel the blood as it trickles down my neck . 
 it 's warm . 
 `` it 's your fault she 's dead , '' he tells me , his words as stark as the frozen lake . 
 `` and it should 've been you . '' 
 he hits me again , and this time , i do n't get up . 
 `` a penny for your thoughts , '' nora tells me softly , coming up from behind . 
 she lays her hand on my shoulder and i glance up , trying to shake the old memories away . 
 `` they are n't worth a penny , '' i tell her . 
 and i mean it . 
 she eyes me curiously , then stares out at the buoy . 
 `` thinking about your dad 's will ? '' 
 no . 
 `` yeah , '' i lie . 
 she bites her lip as she stares into the distance . 
 `` have you decided if you 'll do it ? '' 
 i have n't even thought about it . 
 `` i probably will , '' i tell her . 
 `` my mom was n't the best mother , but even she deserves something for staying married to my father for so long . '' 
 nora glances at me . 
 `` but do you deserve to have to be the one who gives it to her ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm just going for a swim . 
 no big deal . '' 
 she eyes me doubtfully . 
 `` but you hate to swim . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 but it wo n't kill me . '' 
 nora ca n't see the way my palms go clammy at the thought . 
 because damnit , brand . 
 quit being a pu ** y. nora smiles at me . 
 `` the ups driver was just here . 
 you got something from gabe . '' 
 my tux . 
 i 'd called and asked gabe 's wife maddy to ship it . 
 they 've got a key to my place . 
 `` ah , '' i tell her . 
 `` good . 
 it 's friday and i need something to wear . '' 
 nora 's face instantly clouds over and i regret mentioning it . 
 but it is friday . 
 she 's got to face it sometime , because the dinner is tonight . 
 `` i 'm sure your dad will be very happy to see me , '' i tell her drolly . 
 she actually laughs at that . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' she agrees with a grin . 
 `` do n't be surprised if he hugs you . '' 
 `` with his fist , '' i nod . 
 she giggles again . 
 `` he would n't have the balls , '' she tells me . 
 she 's probably right . 
 i could saw the fear hidden in his careful expression the other day . 
 we get up and walk back to the house , and as we cross the threshold of the living room , i ca n't help but look at the f ** king wooden box that my dad left for me . 
 it mocks me . 
 nora follows my gaze . 
 `` what do you think is in it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her honestly . 
 `` i ca n't imagine . '' 
 `` do you want to know ? '' 
 `` i do n't know that , either , '' i 'm honest again . 
 `` part of me is curious . 
 part of me just wants to burn it without looking . 
 i do n't really care what he has to say to me . '' 
 nora stops in her tracks and is perfectly still as she watches me . 
 `` what did he do to you ? '' 
 she asks quietly . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's not worth talking about anymore . 
 he 's gone . 
 and he took his hatefulness with him . '' 
 nora takes a step , and puts her hand on my chest , feather-light , directly over my heart . 
 `` he did n't take it all , '' she observes . 
 `` part of it still lives on in here . '' 
 she taps on my heart . 
 `` he put those scars there , brand . 
 somehow . 
 you 've got to figure out how to get those scars off . '' 
 `` i 've heard vitamin e oil works , '' i tell her glibly , without acknowledging what she said . 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 deal with it and put it to bed , brand . 
 whatever he did to you , he can never do it again . 
 because he 's gone . '' 
 `` he is , '' i agree . 
 `` but so is my sister . '' 
 why did i just say that ? 
 the words came out before i could stop them . 
 nora 's head snaps up . 
 `` you have a sister ? '' 
 i opened this can of worms . 
 with a sigh , i try and close it again . 
 `` i did . 
 she died a long time ago . '' 
 i try and walk past nora , but she grabs my arm and stares up at me , her blue eyes so so serious , and so f ** king perceptive . 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 she asks quietly , never taking her eyes off of me . 
 i swallow . 
 `` she drowned . 
 out in the lake . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' nora breathes . 
 `` did you see it happen ? 
 is that why you do n't like to swim ? '' 
 i look away , out at the water , at the sky , at the beach . 
 as i do , i ca n't help but remember that night . 
 `` i was sleeping when it happened , '' i tell her woodenly . 
 `` my sister used to sleepwalk . 
 they put a lock on her bedroom door on the outside , to lock her in so she could n't hurt herself on the stairs . 
 but that night , my father forgot to lock it when he tucked her in before he went to the bar . '' 
 nora stares at me in horror . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , '' she finally says . 
 `` that 's awful . 
 why does he want you to ring the bell ? '' 
 i shake my head and i hate to say the words . 
 but i say them anyway , because they 're the truth . 
 `` because sometimes , people ca n't blame themselves even when they know they 're to blame . 
 they just have to focus their anger on someone else , just to make it bearable . '' 
 nora stares at me in confusion . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 he blamed you ? 
 how in the world could it have been your fault ? '' 
 i swallow again , and again , trying to get the lump out of my throat . 
 the f ** king lump that forms whenever i think of allison . 
 `` my father was under the assumption that i should 've heard her come out of her room in the middle of the night because my room was right across the hall . 
 he thought that i had heard her and just chose not to follow her . 
 see , back then , when i was little , i was scared of swimming in the lake . 
 i was n't scared of anything else ... i was n't scared of snakes or spiders or heights . 
 but i was scared of the lake . 
 i do n't know why . '' 
 i stop speaking and stare out the window . 
 in my head , it 's that night . 
 and it 's black and terrible . 
 `` he thought i was lying about not hearing her get up . 
 he thought i was just too much of a chicken shit to follow her into the lake to save her . '' 
 i never knew that speaking the hateful words out loud would be so painful , so much like a scalpel to my throat . 
 nora shakes her head slowly , in blatant disbelief . 
 `` no . 
 there 's no way he actually believed that . 
 surely not ... '' i shrug , trying to appear nonchalant , like it does n't still hurt after so many years . 
 `` he did . 
 and he convinced my mother of it , too . 
 they both hated me after that . '' 
 `` how old was your sister ? '' 
 nora whispers . 
 `` four , '' i answer . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` i was six . '' 
 she stares back at me , her blue eyes unyielding . 
 `` you were six years old . 
 even if you had heard her , and i 'm sure that you did n't , how could you have saved her ? 
 you were too little . '' 
 i meet her gaze without flinching . 
 `` nora , i guarantee you . 
 if i 'd heard her get out of bed and walk outside , i would 've saved her . '' 
 nora smiles a sad smile . 
 `` i have no doubt that you would 've . '' 
 we stand there for the longest time , and the air is heavy around us with the weight of our conversation . 
 `` i ca n't believe i just told you all of that , '' i admit finally . 
 `` i 've never told anyone before . '' 
 she glances up at me , her eyes soft . 
 `` not even gabe ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 gabe and jacey were only here in the summers . 
 they never saw my sister , so they do n't even know she existed . 
 they saw the bruises my father gave me when i was a kid , but they never knew why . '' 
 `` did n't anyone ever try and take you away from your parents ? '' 
 nora asks softly , her eyes assessing me , raking me over , searching out my secrets . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i never told anyone . 
 gabe knew , to some extent , but i made him swear not to tell . 
 i guess kids are just always loyal to their parents , no matter what . 
 but he and jacey did their best to help me . 
 they kept me down at their grandparents pretty much all summer , every summer . '' 
 but the winters were endless . 
 `` why does he want you to ring the bell ? '' 
 nora asks , her voice filled with dread . 
 i stare out the window . 
 `` because that used to be his thing . 
 he thought i purposely did n't save my sister because i was scared to swim . 
 so he 'd come home from the bar and drag me out to the beach , where he 'd try and make me swim out and ring the bell . 
 it infuriated him when i would n't . 
 he 'd beat me senseless and i still would n't do it . '' 
 nora sucks in her breath as she stares at me in sympathy . 
 `` do n't feel sorry for me , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` because what he does n't know is that i stopped being afraid of the water by the time i was ten . 
 but i kept refusing out of principle ... and stubbornness . 
 i decided that he could beat me , but he could n't make me pay for something i did n't do . 
 it was my own way of standing up to him . '' 
 nora 's lips spread in a slow smile . 
 `` so that 's why you can swim , but you do n't . '' 
 i nod , curtly , one time . 
 `` and now he 's trying to bully you into swimming , '' she realizes . 
 `` one last time . '' 
 i nod again . 
 but nora 's confused again . 
 `` i do n't get it though , '' she says . 
 `` you said your mom has hated you ever since . 
 why would your father think that using her as leverage would work ? '' 
 i look away from her . 
 `` because one of the things he used to tell me was that i was weak . 
 that i was too loyal , that i should be colder . 
 like him . '' 
 nora stares at me , horrified . 
 `` he faulted you for being a good human being ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i guess . 
 he saw kindness as a weakness . 
 and he always called me weak . 
 i guess he wants me to either show , once and for all , that i am weak , or show that i can be a cold-hearted bastard like him . '' 
 without another word , nora throws herself into my arms with enough force to knock me backward . 
 we tumble into the chair behind us and she lands on my lap . 
 `` is your leg ok ? '' 
 she asks quickly . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 my knee is throbbing , but i do n't care . 
 it does n't matter . 
 she looks into my eyes . 
 `` you 're not weak , brand . 
 being kind is not a weakness . 
 you 're the farthest thing from weak that i 've ever seen in my life . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 she lays her head on my chest , remaining still . 
 after a while , she speaks without moving . 
 `` i can hear your heart . '' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 `` you have the strongest heart of anyone i 've ever known . '' 
 i still do n't say anything , although that f ** king lump forms in my throat again . 
 before long , nora raises her head . 
 `` do n't compromise yourself for him , '' she tells me , her blue eyes staring into my own . 
 `` i do n't know what his game is . 
 but do n't let him compromise you . 
 do what 's best for you . 
 do what you 're comfortable with . 
 no more , no less . '' 
 she stares at me fiercely for a minute before she kisses me , hard , with passion . 
 i kiss her back , pulling her into me , my arms wrapped around her . 
 she gets it . 
 she 's the first person to ever really ` get ' my situation and the f ** ked-upedness that was my father . 
 but the sad part is , i know she only gets it through experience of her own . 
 because her father is just as f ** ked up in his own way as my father was . 
 that only pisses me off more . 
 but now , instead of only being pissed at a dead man , i 'm pissed at someone living , at a situation that i can actually change . 
 nora 's dad is n't going to hurt her again . 
 chapter fifteen nora i put my earrings in , small diamond studs that shine in the lobes of my ears . 
 with a sigh , i look at my reflection . 
 my hair is pulled into a sleek chignon , i 'm wearing makeup , and i 've got on an evening dress , small and black . 
 with a heavy sigh , i glance at the clock . 
 we should leave soon . 
 i both dread it and want to get it over with . 
 i spray on some perfume and venture out of my room to find brand . 
 what i find takes my breath away . 
 brand is leaning against the windows , waiting for me , dressed in a perfectly fitted black tux . 
 my breath holds on my tongue as i stop dead in my tracks and shamelessly stare . 
 sweet mary . 
 i thought that there was nothing sexier on the planet than brand killien . 
 i was wrong . 
 brand killien in a freaking tuxedo is unbelievable . 
 he 's lean , he 's strong , he 's tanned , he 's blond . 
 his blue eyes meet mine , and he smiles . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 gah . 
 my knees literally feel weak as i cross the room and kiss him softly on the lips . 
 he smells like the woods . 
 and man . 
 and heaven . 
 `` maybe , '' i answer with a grin . 
 `` do you have plans tonight ? 
 because i have this thing ... '' he shrugs . 
 `` i could make myself available . 
 i mean , i 'm dressed for it and all . '' 
 yes , he certainly is . 
 i look him over again , at the way his shirt and jacket snugly skim his muscle , the way his pants hug his slim hips . 
 i feel the butterflies fluttering around in my belly again , the adrenaline rush , rush , rushing through my veins . 
 he 's mine . 
 for tonight . 
 for the summer . 
 i glance down . 
 `` where 's your knee brace ? '' 
 brand shakes his head . 
 `` it 's there . 
 under my pants . '' 
 `` what else you got under there ? '' 
 i purr , my hand running over his broad chest . 
 brand neatly catches my hand and restrains it with his own . 
 `` calm down , tiger . 
 as much as you 'd like to distract me , we 've got to get this dinner over with . '' 
 i sigh and i feel my shoulders droop . 
 `` fine . 
 raincheck , then . '' 
 brand 's lip twitches . 
 `` shall we go ? '' 
 i nod . 
 brand takes a step and i stop in my tracks . 
 `` where are your crutches ? '' 
 `` i 'm not using them tonight , doctor . 
 i 've got the brace on . 
 the doctor told me i could bear weight as tolerated . 
 it 'll be fine . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 he stares back . 
 `` you 're stubborn , '' i sigh . 
 he grins . 
 he limps , but he walks to the car unassisted . 
 after we 're strapped into my car , i turn to him . 
 `` if my father is rude to you , we 'll leave . '' 
 brand rolls his eyes . 
 `` no , we wo n't . 
 we 'll do whatever it is that you need to go to do . 
 it does n't matter to me if your dad is rude . 
 trust me , i can take it . '' 
 his voice soothes me . 
 his presence soothes me . 
 his smile soothes me . 
 everything about him is calming , like a tonic , and i nod . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the drive does n't take long , of course , and while i wish we could linger in the car out in the driveway , we ca n't . 
 brand looks at me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 no . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my mother opens the door before we even reach it , pulling me into a hug . 
 she looks beautiful , of course . 
 `` ma belle fille , '' she sings , kissing my cheeks . 
 `` i 've missed you . '' 
 she pulls me into the house in a cloud of chanel no. 5 . 
 she looks over my shoulder . 
 `` and you , '' she beams at brand . 
 `` thank you for everything you did for nora that terrible day . '' 
 she glances at his leg . 
 `` i 'm so sorry you were hurt . 
 it 's terrible . 
 can i get you anything ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` a water would be nice . '' 
 and a valium . 
 brand shakes his head . 
 `` no , thank you , mrs. greene . '' 
 `` call me camille , '' my mother instructs . 
 she leads us into the formal dining room which is dripping with gardenias and roses and lit candles are everywhere . 
 the long table easily seats twenty , although only two are currently at it now . 
 my father and my brother , nate . 
 william is no where in sight , thank god . 
 my father barely spares us a glance , does n't even stop speaking to my brother . 
 but nate 's face lights up and he gets out of his chair , crossing the room to envelop me in a hug . 
 i introduce him to brand , and they shake hands and everything seems fine . 
 but then my father intrudes . 
 `` this was a family affair , nora , '' he chastises me . 
 `` i did n't tell you to bring anyone . '' 
 my mother breaks in , laying an elegant hand on his arm . 
 `` maxwell , do n't be rude . 
 after all that brand did for us , you should be nice . '' 
 yes , maxwell , be nice . 
 if looks could kill , i 'd be murdering my father right now . 
 what 's that called ? 
 patricide ? 
 yeah . 
 that . 
 my father glares at my mother and she pretends to ignore it . 
 brand takes it all in stride ... my father 's rudeness , my family 's very obvious dysfunction . 
 `` i 'm sorry to intrude , '' he says smoothly , shaking my father 's hand . 
 `` nora was n't sure how large this gathering was going to be and she asked me to accompany her . 
 i ca n't say no to her . '' 
 hell no , he ca n't . 
 i remember our day by the lake and smile inside . 
 he might be stubborn , but i am too . 
 my father sniffs . 
 `` try harder . '' 
 oh my god . 
 before i can make a retort , he returns to his chair , motioning to nate to join him . 
 nate flashes me an i 'm sorry , but what can you do ? 
 look before joining him . 
 i personally want to chase maxwell greene down and punch him in the face . 
 that 's what i can do . 
 but i do n't . 
 instead , i turn to my mother . 
 `` do we have a few minutes before dinner ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` great , '' i smile , putting my hand on brand 's elbow . 
 `` i 'm going to show brand your gardens . '' 
 she smiles , grateful that i 'm distracting our guest from my father 's rudeness . 
 once again , i wonder why she puts up with him . 
 other than the fact that she 's thousands of miles from her homeland , and my father controls all the money . 
 i lead brand out the massive french doors and onto the veranda overlooking the beach . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him when we 're alone . 
 `` i had a feeling he 'd be like that . '' 
 brand shrugs . 
 `` like i told you , it 's fine . 
 i do n't care what your father thinks of me . 
 i 've been in battle , nora . 
 words do n't hurt . '' 
 i smile a little , and shake my head , thankful for his understanding even if it 's not true . 
 words do hurt . 
 my father does n't deserve to breathe the same air as brand , much less be graced by his presence . 
 i motion to the gardens below us , the lush greenery , the roses . 
 `` my mother 's hobby , '' i say by way of explanation . 
 `` we have a gardener who helps her , a dear man who has been with us for a very long time , but my mother tends the roses herself . 
 it 's her getaway , i suppose . '' 
 her getaway from her reality of my father . 
 i shudder . 
 i ca n't imagine being married to him . 
 brand stares down at all of it . 
 `` it 's beautiful . 
 like you . '' 
 he turns to me , his eyes meeting mine , his hand splayed on my back . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on with you and your father , '' he says quietly . 
 `` but you 've got this . 
 i 'm here with you , and you 're going to be fine . '' 
 he must 've noticed my shaking hands . 
 great . 
 i smile , putting every ounce of courage into it , to trick brand into thinking that i 'm brave . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 `` i 'm good , '' i assure him . 
 `` i 've got this . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i know you do . 
 and your mom is gesturing to us . 
 shall we ? '' 
 we make our way back inside , and sit at our places . 
 i 'm at my father 's left , nate is at his right . 
 my mom is across the table by brand . 
 i feel like we 're separated by an ocean and i look at him helplessly . 
 he stares at me pointedly . 
 you 've got this . 
 i take a breath . 
 i 'm actually fine for the first twenty minutes of dinner . 
 my mother is chatting across the table with brand , my father focuses his attention on nate , and i 'm left pushing my food around my plate , but i 'm perfectly happy with that . 
 as long as he leaves me alone i 'm happy with that . 
 until william walks into the room . 
 i feel like the temperature drops twenty degrees when he enters , and a chill runs down my spine . 
 i stop chewing , i stop breathing . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 'm late , camille , '' william apologizes without a smile . 
 ice water pumps through my veins at the sight of his face . 
 it 's strange . 
 i 've known him my entire life , and while he made me uneasy throughout my teen years , i never knew why . 
 i never knew that i should fear him ... until last year . 
 `` it 's fine , '' my mother answers , her distaste apparent . 
 `` you did n't get back to me , so i assumed that you were n't coming . 
 let me get you a place setting . '' 
 she rises gracefully , and william circles the table to me . 
 `` i 'll sit by nora , '' he announces . 
 my skin crawls as he bends and kisses my cheek . 
 do n't touch me , you ugly fucker . 
 i want to burn it off . 
 i want to race out of the room , go straight to the kitchen , dig out some matches and set my face on fire ... all to burn off his lip prints . 
 `` hello , my dear , '' he murmurs as he sits down next to me . 
 `` you 're hard to get a hold of . '' 
 i 'm numb , frozen to my seat and all i want to do is bolt from my chair . 
 william rests his arm on the back of my seat , his fingers lightly touching my back . 
 as if he owns me . 
 as if he has the right . 
 across the room , brand watches me like a hawk , his gaze intense , his eyes frozen to mine . 
 are you ok ? 
 i take a breath . 
 yes . 
 i nod , barely moving . 
 he stares at me still , unconvinced , ready to come to my aid . 
 he 's right . 
 i 'm not ok . 
 i 'm not ok . 
 but i have to pretend like i am . 
 appearances are everything . 
 i keep eating , ignoring my father and nate and william . 
 i keep eating , keep pretending that this is n't happening , that i 'm not at the same table , breathing the same air as the man who raped me mere months ago . 
 the man who raped me and then my father either did n't believe me , or did n't care . 
 my ears roar . 
 `` nora ? '' 
 my dad raises his eyebrow . 
 i can tell from his tone that this was n't the first time he said my name . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 my cheeks flush . 
 `` william just asked you to go sailing with him tomorrow . 
 he 'd like to discuss the chicago deal with you . 
 answer him , please . '' 
 i look up at william and find him watching me with aging eyes . 
 the wrinkles around his mouth tighten as he waits for my answer . 
 my stomach rolls . 
 i 'm gong to throw up . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` you are the expert about that deal , '' i say carefully . 
 `` i have n't officially even started yet . 
 william , you should discuss it with my father at this point . '' 
 my father shoots daggers with his glare , but i ignore it and sip at my water . 
 i can do this . 
 brand is still watching me , still waiting to come to my aid . 
 but he ca n't . 
 because this is a family affair . 
 there 's nothing anyone can do . 
 `` i 'd rather discuss it with you , '' william says , taking a swig of scotch . 
 `` you 're more agreeable than your father . 
 but if tomorrow does n't work for you , we 'll do it another time . '' 
 i glance into his eyes and his are icy , dangerous . 
 he 's pretending to be understanding now . 
 it wo n't last . 
 when i 'm alone with him ... when i 'm alone with him ... when i 'm alone . 
 my breath catches and i ca n't take another one . 
 i 'm frozen . 
 my mother comes to my aid . 
 `` nora , if you 're finished , can you come to my room ? 
 i 'm taking a trip to france in a month or so and i 'd like for you to look at something . '' 
 thankfully , i nod . 
 yes . 
 thank you , god . 
 william stands when i do , and he presses my hand as i leave , his thumb biting into the pad of my palm . 
 hard . 
 a warning . 
 do n't try and run from me . 
 gratefully , i trail after my mother down the hall and i feel william staring at me as i leave . 
 i do n't look back , instead , i numbly stop in the bathroom and scrub my hand where he touched it before i join my mother in her room . 
 silently , i pray that brand will be all right with the piranhas back in the dining room . 
 my mother brings several items from her closet and searches my face . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` of course , why would n't i be ? '' 
 <br/> `` thanks for the drink . '' 
 he grabs my elbow . 
 i pause and stare pointedly at his hand and then at his face . 
 he lets go . 
 he 's an ass ** le , but he 's not stupid . 
 `` leave my daughter alone , '' he says bluntly . 
 `` i know you 're having fun playing house , but you 're not what she needs . 
 just bow out gracefully . '' 
 i turn back , his words stiffening my spine . 
 `` i 'm not what she needs ? '' 
 maxwell shakes his head . 
 to my left , i see nate and william from my periphery . 
 they 're trying to pretend they are n't listening , but i know they are . 
 `` you do n't have the first clue what she needs , '' her father tells me icily . 
 `` you ca n't possibly . 
 you 're from another world , killien . '' 
 i almost laugh . 
 `` i was exactly what she needed last week when i pulled her from the wreckage of that cafe . 
 you know , when you were standing outside not doing a thing to help . '' 
 his jaw clenches and i see a vein tick in his forehead . 
 `` she 's twenty-three years old . 
 she does n't know what she needs . 
 you 're clouding her vision . 
 if you really cared for her , at all , then you 'd leave her alone and let her focus on what 's important . '' 
 again , i almost laugh . 
 `` she 's twenty-three years old . 
 she 's old enough to know what she needs . 
 perhaps you 're the one who should leave her alone and let her figure it out . '' 
 i start to walk to my chair again , but his next words stop me cold . 
 `` i own her , killien . 
 and i 'll never let you be with her . 
 know that right now . '' 
 his words are ice and i whirl back around , but nate jumps from his chair and rushes to defuse the situation . 
 `` i 'm sorry , brand . 
 my father is overwhelmed with work right now-under a lot of stress . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 please ... come sit with me and tell me about the rangers . 
 it must 've been damn fascinating . '' 
 i stare into maxwell greene 's face , at his emotionless eyes , at his fixed mouth . 
 he 's a man who does n't care about anyone but himself . 
 i instantly take back my earlier thoughts that taking care of yourself is the smart thing to do . 
 i never want to be maxwell greene . 
 i walk past him without another word , following nate back to the table . 
 william gets up to join maxwell at the bar , leaving nate and i alone . 
 `` what is going on with this family ? '' 
 i ask bluntly . 
 `` nothing matters but business ? '' 
 nate smiles an empty smile . 
 `` so you 've caught onto that , huh ? '' 
 like nora , nate has his mother 's blue eyes , but instead of red hair , his is blond , cut short . 
 he 's tall and slim , and unlike nora , i sense an ambitious hunger in him . 
 with nora , it 's like it 's something that makes her tired . 
 she 's used to trying to please her father , but it 's not something she enjoys . 
 nate seems to not only accept it , but thrive on it . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's pretty apparent . '' 
 nate chuckles . 
 `` well , it 's been drilled into our heads since we were babies . 
 be a greene . 
 do what it takes , and all that . 
 the business has been passed down from generation to generation for several hundred years . 
 our family came over with columbus , you know . 
 we 've got big shoes to fill . '' 
 i glance over at maxwell and william . 
 they 're chatting quietly , in intense conversation . 
 probably discussing mergers and acquisitions and how to eat their competition for breakfast . 
 `` what did your dad mean when he says that he owns nora ? '' 
 i ask suddenly . 
 it was such a strange thing to say . 
 nate instantly looks uncomfortable . 
 `` he should n't have said that . 
 he only meant ... there 's a contract , we both have one . 
 when we finished high school , we were given a contract to work at greene corp in exchange for our college tuition and trust funds . 
 no big deal . '' 
 no big deal ? 
 `` you had to sign a contract for your birthright ? '' 
 i ca n't even keep the shock out of my voice . 
 i was right . 
 maxwell is just as f ** ked up as my father was , every bit as controlling . 
 nate nods , nonplussed . 
 `` it was no big deal , particularly because we 've known since we were kids that we would work for greene corp. . 
 it 's what we were born to do . '' 
 i drop the subject because clearly nate does n't see how f ** ked up it is . 
 instead , i tackle a new one . 
 nate is being forthcoming with information , so i might as well push my luck for more . 
 `` what 's the deal with william ? '' 
 nate glances at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i nod toward william and maxwell . 
 `` he seems very ... attached to nora . 
 and very ... i do n't know . '' 
 nate chuckles . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's intense . 
 he 's always been that way . 
 and as far back as i remember , nora 's been his favorite . 
 he never got married and had kids of his own . '' 
 yeah . 
 the way william had been looking at nora was n't fatherly . 
 but i do n't point that out . 
 nate seems fairly oblivious to it , although i do n't know how . 
 `` i thought greene corp was family own and run ? '' 
 i ask suddenly . 
 `` how is it that william seems to have such an important job ? '' 
 nate stares at me in surprise , although he does n't get annoyed at my blunt prying . 
 `` william is family , '' he answers slowly . 
 `` he owns half of the company because he 's my uncle . 
 my father 's brother . '' 
 the world seems to stop turning as i stare back at him , shocked , repulsed . 
 nora 's uncle ? 
 i feel the sudden urge to lunge from this chair , find nora , scoop her up and carry her out of this f ** ked-up madhouse . 
 `` your uncle ? '' 
 my words are wooden , stilted , as i try to wrap my head around it . 
 nora 's afraid of her uncle . 
 her uncle is sending her threatening text messages . 
 and the look i see in nora 's eyes ... it makes me dread knowing what he did to her . 
 but i know . 
 i know . 
 nate nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 our uncle . '' 
 nora and camille choose this minute to walk back in , and nora instantly finds me , searching me out . 
 i smile at her . 
 everything 's fine , do n't worry . 
 she nods , just barely , her shoulders sagging a bit with relief . 
 she 's in a house of sharks and she 's worried about me . 
 she walks straight past everyone else and puts her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm exhausted , '' she tells me . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 i instantly push away from the table . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i thank camille , and we walk out . 
 the entire time , i can feel the glares of william and maxwell between my shoulder blades . 
 the entire time , my head is spinning . 
 her uncle . 
 her f ** king uncle . 
 as we turn the corner , i glance back into the dining room , and see william watching nora leave . 
 his gaze is rapt and he 's focused only on her . 
 my stomach rolls . 
 `` i forgot something , '' i tell nora . 
 `` go ahead . 
 i 'll be right out . '' 
 she looks up at me , confused , but i do n't say another word . 
 instead , i just walk back into the dining room , trying very very hard not to limp . 
 i walk straight up to the bar where william is refilling his glass . 
 he glances at me in surprise , and i lean in to speak in his ear , where only he will hear me . 
 `` if you put another f ** king hand on nora , i 'll crush all of your fingers , then break them off and feed them to you . 
 got it ? '' 
 william 's head snaps back and he stares at me , his eyes wide and filled with guilt . 
 `` i do n't know what she 's said to you , '' he snaps quickly . 
 `` but she 's lying . '' 
 i shake my head slowly , and look into his faded eyes . 
 `` she did n't tell me anything . 
 you just did . '' 
 his hand is clutching the edge of the bar , so i make a fist and lean on his hand , crushing it under my weight . 
 no one else in the room can see it but the two of us . 
 `` as i said , '' i growl softly . 
 `` touch her again , and you wo n't have hands left to touch anyone else . 
 and that will be the least of your worries . '' 
 i take my fist away from his hand and he glares at me . 
 `` you do n't have the slightest idea what you 've just done , '' he snaps . 
 `` i have the power to be your worst enemy . '' 
 i smile slowly . 
 `` bring it . '' 
 i walk out of the dining room , careful not to limp . 
 the last thing i see before i turn the corner is the satisfied expression in camille 's eyes . 
 nora is waiting for me by her car , out where the air smells like the lake and the night breeze ruffles her hair . 
 her eyes are big in the dark . 
 `` what did you forget ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 i forgot to threaten your uncle . 
 `` it 's not important . 
 you ready to go home ? '' 
 home . 
 where we live together . 
 for now . 
 her eyes widen at the word and she nods immediately and without question . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she drives and the night blurs past us outside the window . 
 i do n't mention her uncle and neither does she . 
 the quiet is all encompassing , but it is n't uncomfortable . 
 finally , i look at her . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 she smiles , a small tiny movement . 
 `` yeah . 
 you ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she smiles wider and pulls into the drive . 
 `` let me go in and get your crutches . 
 you 've been without them all night . 
 i know your knee must be killing you . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i can walk . '' 
 i limp , but i walk unassisted into the house . 
 i 'm no pu ** y , goddamnit . 
 although i ca n't deny that pain streaks from my knee down to my ankle . 
 fuck it . 
 as soon as nora walks through the door , she starts shedding clothing . 
 first her shoes , then her dress , then her bra , then finally her panties . 
 when she stands in front of me stark naked , she smiles , her first real smile of the night . 
 `` ready for bed ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` always . '' 
 we tumble into bed together and nora presses her body into mine , limp against me , warm and soft . 
 she runs her fingers down my chest , over my hips , and cups my balls . 
 i close my fingers over her hand . 
 `` not tonight , sweetheart . '' 
 because you need to know that you 're more than a f ** k. i hear her sudden intake of breath . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` not tonight . 
 i just want to lie here with you . 
 does that work for you ? '' 
 i pull her even closer , until her h * ps are pressed to mine and our legs are twined together . 
 `` i guess , '' she grumbles , `` but i was hoping for a little more of this . '' 
 she strokes my dick . 
 the traitorous bastard springs to life , but i ignore it . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 cold fish . 
 `` not tonight , '' i remind her . 
 `` we do n't always need to do that , you know . '' 
 because she 's more than just that . 
 whatever happened to her ... i have the feeling it skewed her perception of herself . 
 her eyes narrow in the night . 
 `` i know we do n't have to , '' she says finally . 
 `` i just like to . 
 with you . '' 
 after that clarification , she puts her head on my chest and is silent for a few minutes , until finally , her voice is small in the night . 
 `` thank you for going with me tonight . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 i wrap my arms around her and hold her until we fall asleep . 
 chapter seventeen nora he does n't want me . 
 i gulp hard , trying not to move because brand thinks i 'm sleeping . 
 i should n't have taken him to dinner tonight because now he knows what i am . 
 i do n't know how , but he knows . 
 i saw it in his eyes earlier , and now he does n't want me . 
 i hold a fist to my mouth to keep the sounds from slipping out . 
 i want to go outside and scream to the moon , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm tainted . 
 i 'm used . 
 i 'm unworthy . 
 he knows . 
 he knows . 
 he knows . 
 without meaning to , i whimper . 
 brand stirs in his sleep , his heavy arm strewn across my waist . 
 i 've got to get out of here . 
 the walls are closing in . 
 i 've got to move . 
 i quietly try to slip from bed , but brand 's arm tightens , pulling me even more closely to him . 
 even if he knows , he 's still here . 
 he still wants to share this bed with me . 
 he still wants to touch me . 
 so i 'm even more curious now . 
 what exactly does he know ? 
 i wait , inhaling and exhaling deeply , calmly . 
 after a few minutes more , i try to move again . 
 this time , i 'm able to slip away . 
 when i reach the door , i grab brand 's shirt and put it on in lieu of a robe . 
 the sleeves fall way past my hands , so i shove them up as i grab a bottle of wine and uncork it in the kitchen . 
 i do n't bother with a glass . 
 i simply take the bottle and start to walk outside , when my phone buzzes on the counter . 
 dread fills me , instantly and completely . 
 which will it be ? 
 my father or my uncle ? 
 i force myself to look , only to find william 's name . 
 you f ** ked up . 
 so did your boyfriend . 
 startled , i stare at the words . 
 so did your boyfriend . 
 what did brand do ? 
 i grab my phone and the bottle of wine , and head outside for some air . 
 i walk down to the beach , dropping into the sand , not worried about the fact that i do n't have underwear on and sand will get into all of my business . 
 it does n't matter . 
 nothing matters . 
 the words on my phone threaten to burn my hand , so i drop the wretched phone and take a swig of wine . 
 directly from the bottle . 
 my mother would be so proud . 
 i take another . 
 then another . 
 then , when the liquid courage has begun circling through my veins , i pick the phone back up . 
 what do you mean ? 
 i do n't even have time to put the phone back down before there 's an answer . 
 you should 've known not to f ** k with me . 
 chills run down my spine . 
 i did n't f ** k with him . 
 i do know better . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 he 's threatening brand . 
 i stare at the words again and they run together and i ca n't breathe . 
 so instead , i drink because i do n't know what else to do . 
 i wo n't know what he intends to do until william actually does it , so all i can do is wait . 
 wait for the other shoe to fall . 
 i sit in brand 's shirt in the sand , smelling his scent on my skin and drinking wine as i stare at the stars . 
 before long , after most of the bottle is gone , my nose goes numb and my fingertips get cold . 
 i take the last drink left in the bottle , then cast it aside . 
 i do n't know when i fall asleep . 
 all i know is that the sand feels ever so good against my cheek . 
 chapter eighteen brand i wake up in the middle of the night alone , although it does n't take long to find nora . 
 she 'd left the front door wide open . 
 her car is still in the drive , so i wander down to the beach . 
 that 's where i find her passed out in the sand . 
 she 's wearing my tuxedo shirt , and an empty bottle of wine is about a foot away from her , resting in the dirt . 
 she 's had a hard night . 
 obviously . 
 i ignore the twinges in my leg and bend , scooping her up and carrying her back into the house . 
 each step is torturous with the added weight on my knee , but there 's no way i 'm leaving her outside . 
 she nestled into my chest without waking , and i find that one side of her face is covered in sand . 
 as are her arms and legs . 
 with a sigh , i carry her into the bathroom . 
 i bend and lay her in the tub , and remove the hand-held sprayer before i turn the water on . 
 i let it get warm in the sink , before i pick it back up and rinse off her legs , her feet , her arms . 
 she does n't stir until i 'm wiping her face off with a washcloth . 
 she wakes with a start , her hands automatically flying up to shield her face . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she protests wildly , her eyes glazed , striking out at me , clenching her hands into fists , blows raining onto my chest . 
 `` it 's just me , '' i grab her hands , restraining her . 
 `` shhh . 
 it 's ok . 
 it 's only me . '' 
 she flails for just a moment longer before her eyes register who i am and she breathes my name . 
 `` brand . '' 
 she does n't question why she 's na ** d in the bathtub or why i 'm bathing her . 
 she does n't say anything , actually . 
 she just lets me wash the dirt away . 
 when i 'm finished , i ask her to stand up and she does it obediently . 
 i towel her off . 
 she 's so drunk , she 's only hovering on the edge of consciousness . 
 i know that the second she 's in bed , she 'll pass out once again . 
 her eyes are still closed as she stands . 
 but then , as i pull the towel away , she opens them . 
 `` why do n't you want me , brand ? '' 
 i yank my hands away from her in surprise . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her eyes are bleary , her voice soft and slurred . 
 `` you do n't want me anymore . 
 although i do n't know that you ever really did . '' 
 she raises her arms and i help her out of the tub . 
 she wobbles , then clings to me to steady herself . 
 `` is it because i 'm so used ? '' 
 my gut clenches at the vulnerable sound of her voice , at her words , at the soft and sad expression in her eyes . 
 even though she 's drunk , maybe especially because she 's drunk , she 's a wide-open book . 
 `` you 're not used , '' i tell her firmly , as i pick her up back up in my arms . 
 my knee protests , but i ignore it as i limp down the hall to the bedroom . 
 `` you 're not used . '' 
 she rests her head against me , her arms slung around my neck . 
 `` i am , '' she whispers . 
 `` but i never wanted to be . '' 
 i do n't bother putting a nightgown on her , instead , i carry her to bed naked . 
 i nestle her into the sheets and sit on the side of the bed , resting my throbbing knee . 
 i thought she was going to pass out right away , but she opens her eyes again . 
 `` will you stay with me ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'll be right here . '' 
 her eyes flutter closed , her lashes a black fringe against her pale cheeks . 
 she 's so vulnerable , so soft and fragile . 
 i ca n't imagine anyone hurting her . 
 i ca n't imagine anyone rejecting her for things that happened out of her control . 
 `` i do want you , '' i whisper to her , my hand on hers . 
 `` i do . '' 
 but she 's sleeping now , passed out and oblivious to the world 's ugliness and troubles . 
 her breathing is light and steady . 
 but i know there 's no way i 'm going back to sleep . 
 instead , i grab my laptop and i sit in the chair by the window . 
 i promised her i would stay and so i will . 
 i punch the name into the search engine and read the multitude of articles that are returned . 
 william shepard greene ii . 
 the oldest son of william shepard greene i , older brother of maxwell . 
 heir to half of the greene fortune when their father passed . 
 he 's lauded highly in the business world , known for his keen instinct and sharp dealings . 
 he 's older than maxwell by ten years . 
 he 's sixty-two . 
 the mere idea of his hands on nora turn my stomach and i glance at her again . 
 she sleeps softly , curled onto her side , her hands by her face . 
 she sighs in her sleep and my gut tightens again . 
 how dare he put his hands on her ? 
 why did n't anyone stop it ? 
 i already know the answer . 
 because business comes first in the greene household . 
 i saw that firsthand tonight . 
 and camille ... she does n't give a f ** k about the business , but she feels powerless to stop anything in that house . 
 i can see that , too . 
 maxwell is the powerhouse in that family , and everyone else are his pawns . 
 fucking rich people . 
 rolling my eyes , i put the laptop away and crawl back into bed , careful not to disturb nora . 
 i pull her into my arms though , and keep her sprawled comfortably on my chest . 
 here in the night , in this bedroom , there 's no one but her and me . 
 that 's how i want it to stay , although that very notion scares the shit out of me . 
 i ca n't put myself out there again . 
 i 've been through the bloody hills of afghanistan , but there 's nothing scarier than opening yourself up to someone else , only to get shattered . 
 i 've been through that before , and i do n't want to do it again . 
 with a groan , i run my hands over nora 's perfect bare ass . 
 everything in me reacts , my heart pounds , my dick twitches , my groin contracts . 
 somehow , i 'm guessing i wo n't have a choice . 
 i 'll end up laying myself out there . 
 i only hope there 's pieces of me left when it 's all over . 
 *** i wake in the morning to someone staring at me . 
 i open my eyes to find nora on her elbow , her hair tickling my mouth . 
 `` good morning , '' she says softly . 
 her mouth is full and lush , and suddenly , i want to kiss it . 
 so i do . 
 she kisses me back , soft , then firmer , before she pulls away . 
 `` i. . . 
 uh . 
 i thought i was on the beach last night , '' she murmurs , looking away and staring out the window . 
 her cheeks are flushed . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 you were . 
 but i brought you in , cleaned you up and put you to bed . 
 the next time you want to finish off a bottle , can you just do it in on the couch ? '' 
 i 'm joking , but she blushes even more , the flush spreading to her chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she tells me . 
 `` i do n't know what came over me . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry , '' i answer quickly . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 you had a hard night . '' 
 she rolls on top of me , her hands on either side of my face , her legs straddling my hips . 
 `` i do n't remember , so if i said anything embarrassing , please just forget it , '' she pleads prettily , her hair falling into my face in a cascade . 
 `` i 'll make it worth your while . '' 
 she wiggles her hips , grinding into my groin , which of course reacts . 
 my dick springs to life , pressing into her and she smiles in satisfaction . 
 `` maybe you do want me , '' she says huskily . 
 `` i do , '' i agree , remembering her pitiful question from last night . 
 why do n't you want me ? 
 as i stare into her beautiful face and i see all the questions in her eyes , the insecurities , the doubts , i do the only thing i can do ... the only thing i think will help . 
 i show her how much i want her . 
 you 're not used . 
 my h * ps flex . 
 you 're beautiful . 
 i run my hands over her back , her shoulders , her hips . 
 inside and out . 
 i push my fingers into her , sliding them out , then back in . 
 her neck arches , she sighs . 
 i ca n't say the things i 'm thinking , because she does n't want to talk about it . 
 because she thinks that i do n't know . 
 because talking about it with me would kill her . 
 so instead , i show her what i 'm thinking . 
 you 're worthy . 
 you 're beautiful . 
 you 're mine . 
 i plunge inside of her , deep inside , claiming her for my own , for now , for the summer , for as long as she 'll let me . 
 you 're mine . 
 i press my forehead to hers as we rock together , as i claim her over and over and over . 
 you 're mine . 
 she 's trembling when we 're done , limp in my arms as i hold her . 
 mine . 
 chapter nineteen brand days are seamless here now . 
 we chat on the porch , we sit on the pier , we lie together in the hammock at night , watching the stars . 
 each day , i think nora will confide in me . 
 each day , i think she 'll trust me enough to tell me what william did to her . 
 i know , in my gut , what it was . 
 but i ca n't know it for a fact until she tells me . 
 each day , she does n't . 
 each night , i hold her until she falls asleep . 
 each night , i try and steel myself against her , to keep from getting sucked in further . 
 each day , i try not to trust the feelings that are growing , the attachment , the tenderness , the bond . 
 each day , i realize i 'm failing . 
 nora i watch brand sleeping on the couch with a book on his chest . 
 he 'd fallen asleep an hour ago and ever since , i 've watched him . 
 he 's so peaceful when he sleeps , his face so open . 
 i could watch him all day and all night . 
 but my phone dings , distracting me , filling my heart with dread . 
 i know ... i know ... the other shoe is getting ready to drop . 
 these past days have been too good , too comfortable , too perfect . 
 i approach my phone , and as innocuous as it seems lying on the kitchen counter , it might as well be poison , because when i pick it up and read william 's words , the toxin runs through my veins , pulsing through my heart . 
 i want to see you . 
 sunday . 
 in the conference room of greene corp , just you and me . 
 2pm . 
 be there . 
 you do n't want to know what will happen if you do n't show up . 
 but here 's a hint : it involves your boyfriend . 
 i knew he 'd been threatening brand the other night with his text . 
 you and your boyfriend f ** ked up . 
 i knew it . 
 and i 've been waiting with bated breath , every day , to see what he was going to do . 
 and here it is . 
 i 've been summoned . 
 i 'll finally know . 
 i glance at brand and i literally have to fight the urge not to shudder over what i 've done . 
 being here could 've put him at risk . 
 every day i wanted to tell him , every day i did n't . 
 each day , he 's been nicer and nicer to me , making it impossible for me to want to ruin it . 
 i did n't want this fake little bubble that we 've built here to burst ... even though it was never real in the first place . 
 i should 've told brand from the very beginning that i 'm encased in a bubble , my bubble is made of swarovski crystal , and at the whim of my uncle or my father , i would drop to the floor and shatter . 
 but i did n't . 
 because i 'm too selfish . 
 but the clock was ticking ... seconds , hours , days . 
 and the time has come . 
 the other shoe is going to drop . 
 chapter twenty nora i ca n't let him go . 
 i watch him as he sits on the beach , staring at the f ** king buoy that taunts him . 
 i know i should . 
 i know i should cut the strings right now and walk away , but i 'm not strong enough . 
 i need him . 
 i need him . 
 something has changed in him , something important , but i do n't know what . 
 his expressions soften whenever he looks at me and i can feel the change when he holds me at night . 
 he 's tender and his touch is ever so soft , a glaring contrast to the hardness of his body . 
 he 's a trained killer , an army ranger . 
 he 's capable of so many dangerous things , but when he 's with me , his touch is feather light . 
 careful . 
 like i might break , like he suspects that i 'm made from crystal , like he wants to protect me from shattering . 
 warmth gushes through me at the thought . 
 somehow , he 's opened himself to me . 
 he wants me . 
 and as much as i thought i could n't expose him to me , because i might taint him , and somehow take his goodness away , he 's still brand . 
 he sleeps with me every night , and he 's still as good as he ever was . 
 is it possible that i could be with him and not tarnish him ? 
 am i delusional to even hope ? 
 there would be complications , of course , but there always is in life . 
 he sees me for who i am . 
 and he does n't ask questions . 
 he just sees me . 
 my heart wants to burst from the mere happiness of it all . 
 so much so that i want to do something for him . 
 right now . 
 before the other shoe drops and my world crashes down . 
 while i 'm still strong . 
 before i break on the floor in front of him into a million pieces . 
 i get up and march outside , straight to where brand sits . 
 `` call that lawyer , '' i tell him . 
 `` we 're taking care of this today . '' 
 brand stares up at me in surprise , his long legs stretched out in front of him . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 take care of what ? '' 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` i know i told you to handle your father 's will however you want to handle it . 
 and i meant that . 
 but i know you , brand . 
 you do n't back down from anything . 
 ever . 
 ring the bell , brand . 
 and do n't ring it for him ... ring it for you . 
 ring it so that you can put all of that ugliness behind you -- so that from now on , whenever you see a lake or an ocean or a buoy ... you wo n't think of ugliness . 
 i 'm going to swim with you . 
 we 're going to do it together . 
 because i 'm with you , brand . 
 i 'm with you . '' 
 he stares up at me , dumbfounded and then he simply nods . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's do it . '' 
 he pulls out his phone , punches in a number and waits . 
 `` todd ? 
 come out to the beach . 
 i 'm taking a swim this morning . '' 
 he slips the phone back into his pocket and gets up . 
 `` should you wear a bathing suit , or are you planning on making todd 's day ? '' 
 i roll my eyes and laugh and we stroll to the house to change . 
 `` you do n't have to give everything to your mom , you know , '' i tell him . 
 `` you can do whatever you want with it . 
 you need to take this swim for you , brand . 
 not for her , not for him and not for me . 
 you need this ... to be free from them . '' 
 he stops , turns and pulls my face to his , kissing me as thoroughly as i 've ever been kissed . 
 he pulls away and does n't say a word . 
 he does n't have to . 
 everything he had to say was in that kiss . 
 we change and head back down to the beach . 
 todd arrives a few minutes later , holding a paper in his hand . 
 `` it has to be from the beach behind your parents ' house , '' he announces without preamble . 
 `` that 's part of the stipulation . '' 
 `` fine , '' brand tells him , and without another words , stalks down the beach . 
 he 's barely even limping . 
 i follow behind , and before long , we 're standing behind brand 's childhood home . 
 the buoy looms huge and haunting out in the lake , tilting with the waves . 
 i shudder when i think that his sister died out here ... and that his father used to beat him right where i 'm standing . 
 i feel someone staring at me , and as i look over my shoulder , i see bethany killien standing at her windows , watching us . 
 her face is set , and firm , and i do n't see any softness there . 
 i shiver , and turn back around . 
 today is n't about her . 
 i grab brand 's hand . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 he nods . 
 and then he walks straight into the water , as if he 'd never ever been scared of it . 
 he dives under the surface with purpose and for a moment , i forget that i 'm supposed to be swimming with him . 
 all i can do is watch the strength with which he glides through the water , his strong arms pulling him through , stroke after stroke . 
 i 'm mesmerized for a moment , until i remember that i 'm supposed to be with him , so i follow his lead and dive into the surf . 
 *** brand the water is frigid , of course . 
 because it always is . 
 it does n't matter if it 's august or november , lake michigan always feels like ice water . 
 but i do n't flinch or hesitate . 
 i plunge in , and swim toward that motherfucking buoy . 
 each time i surface , i take a breath and dive back in . 
 the water is clear , and cold , and everything i detest . 
 but with each stroke , i realize that it is n't the water i detest . 
 it is n't the lake . 
 it is n't even that f ** king buoy . 
 it 's my father . 
 with every stroke , i shove his memory further away , decimating his power over me . 
 he does n't control me anymore . 
 i 'm not the kid that i used to be . 
 nora 's right . 
 he 'll never control me again . 
 with strong , even strokes , i approach the buoy , gulp for air , and then explode through the surface , grabbing onto it . 
 i cling to the buoy for a second , before i violently shake it , to and fro . 
 the bell rings out clearly , into the air , all the way to the beach . 
 i glance toward my parents ' house and see the curtains of the living room fold close . 
 my mother had been standing there , but she walked away . 
 that 's fine . 
 i 'd expect nothing less . 
 i ring the bell again , then again . 
 the sound is eerie and haunting and if i concentrate hard enough , i can almost envision my little sister standing on the beach , waving at me . 
 i smile at the thought , at the memory of allison . 
 through all of my father 's beatings , at least he could never take that away . 
 i loved my sister , and she loved me , and it was n't my fault that she died . 
 ring the bell , brand . 
 i ring it one more time , hard and fast . 
 consider it rung , ass ** le . 
 nora reaches me now and flings herself at me , and we both cling to the buoy . 
 she 's wet and excited and wraps her arms around my neck , kissing me hard . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 she cries out . 
 `` you did it . '' 
 i know there was never a question . 
 i was going to do it . 
 i 'm no pu ** y . 
 but i kiss her back and do n't say a word . 
 `` let 's go back to shore , '' i finally tell her when we break for air . 
 `` i hate this f ** king buoy . '' 
 she laughs and we swim for shore . 
 i chase her and grab her foot , she laughs and twists in the water . 
 it 's as if i 'm free now . 
 free from the constraining hate , free from the bitterness , free from all of it . 
 but then we reach the shore and reality awaits . 
 todd waits . 
 my mother waits . 
 she 's come out of the house now and stands disapprovingly on the shore with the attorney , watching nora and i frolic in the water . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're taking this so seriously , '' she says icily , looking down her nose at us . 
 nora 's head snaps back and before i can stop her , she stalks over to my mother and stares down at her . 
 `` you have no right , '' nora snaps , each word a pellet of ice . 
 `` you have no right to even be here . 
 you have no right to hate brand . 
 you have no right to him at all . 
 you do n't have the right . 
 you forfeited any rights to him years ago . 
 if he gives you anything at all , it will be a miracle , because you do n't deserve it . '' 
 i grab her elbow and pull her away . 
 `` come on , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` she 's not worth it . '' 
 `` does your girlfriend know that you killed your sister ? '' 
 my mother calls from behind us . 
 the words stab me in the back and i stop , frozen in place , before i turn . 
 `` she knows everything . '' 
 with that , i start to walk away again , but my mother just ca n't help herself . 
 she has to keep prodding . 
 `` everything ? '' 
 the meaning of that one word is clear . 
 crystal f ** king clear . 
 everything . 
 by everything , she of course means that my entire life is a lie . 
 everything i am , everything i 've become ... is a lie . 
 in her eyes , anyway . 
 because she believes me to be a monster . 
 i 'm frozen . 
 completely still . 
 and bethany killian is as foreign to me as a stranger . 
 she laughs . 
 `` i did n't think so . '' 
 she spins on her heel and starts to walk back into the house , and anger wells up in me , red and hot , a fury that i have n't felt in years . 
 it 's so fierce that it clouds my vision , it 's everything i have bottled up inside of me ... all the anger that i 've been carrying with me for so many years . 
 it explodes within me like a volcano . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 the word is as foreign to me as she is . 
 she stops , and turns halfway around . 
 she does n't answer , but she looks at me . 
 `` go pack a bag . 
 you have five minutes . '' 
 now she speaks . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 go pack a bag . '' 
 she takes a step . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 go . 
 pack . 
 a. bag . 
 take anything you want from the house . 
 it will be the last time you 're inside . '' 
 my mother looks at me uncertainly , and for the first time , i see a real emotion on her face . 
 fear . 
 she 's afraid to believe that i 'm serious . 
 `` you 're not kicking me out of my own house , '' she says hesitantly , her eyes searching mine . 
 `` you would n't . '' 
 i have to fight a sneer . 
 `` i would n't ? 
 why would n't i ? 
 what exactly have you brought me in life except for pain ? 
 tell me that . 
 tell me one good thing you 've ever done for me , and i 'll let you stay . '' 
 my mother stares at me , looks away at the lake , lifts her chin and stares back at me . 
 `` i brought you into this world . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` wrong answer . 
 you brought me into the world , true . 
 but i did n't ask for that . 
 and once i was born , you did n't do a thing for me . 
 it was bad before allison died , but after that , it was unbearable . 
 not only did you allow my father to beat the shit out of me every time he came home drunk from the bar , but you tried to make a helpless kid believe that he killed his sister . 
 you 're the f ** king monster , not me . '' 
 my mother 's eyes turn icy and she glares at me . 
 `` you did kill your sister . 
 you heard her , brand . 
 i know you heard her and you let her walk into the lake . 
 you could 've stopped her , but you did n't . '' 
 an eerie calmness descends upon me and for once , i do n't feel rage as i look upon my mother . 
 `` i was six years old . 
 i was upstairs asleep . 
 i realize that when bad things happen , people blame someone when they 're grieving . 
 it 's human nature . 
 but to focus your grief and your rage on a six-year old kid ... that was unforgivable . '' 
 my mother 's eyes water and she looks away . 
 `` my daughter died , brand . 
 you could 've saved her ... if only you 'd listened for her . 
 you were supposed to watch out for her . 
 she was your little sister . '' 
 her voice dwindles off and she wipes at her eyes . 
 nothing in me softens at her show of sadness . 
 `` i was six years old , '' i reply . 
 `` you were supposed to watch out for her . 
 dad forgot to lock the door , not me . 
 all of these years , if you had to have someone to blame , you should 've blamed him . 
 if you really are too small of a person to realize that sometimes accidents happen . 
 bad things happen . 
 and sometimes there 's simply no one to blame . 
 you 're a small , small person . '' 
 `` my daughter died , '' she whimpers . 
 `` your daughter did die , '' i tell her coldly . 
 `` but you did n't have to lose both your children that night . 
 that was a decision that you made . 
 you 're paying for that decision now . 
 go inside and get your things . '' 
 she looks up in disbelief and i see it in her eyes ... she thought her show of tears would sway me . 
 she was only trying to pull my strings ... once again . 
 just like when i was a kid and she tried to make me believe i was a monster , that i 'd killed my sister , that my father was only doing what he ` had to do ' when he was beating me . 
 my blood chills as i look at her and all i can feel is distaste . 
 for my own mother . 
 even worse , i see the exact same emotion in her eyes as she stares back at me . 
 she hates me and it is apparent . 
 `` go . '' 
 i repeat . 
 my voice is like ice . 
 she spins around and stalks away . 
 i watch her disappear into the house , i watch the old peeling door slam behind her , i watch how the windows of the house seem to mock me , like large eyes that watched my father beat me on the beach , time and time again . 
 this house is a tomb of bad memories . 
 and i do n't think i can look at it any longer . 
 in fact , i do n't even want it to exist . 
 i want all of it to just go away . 
 i turn to nora . 
 `` could you do me a huge favor ? 
 could you run down to the cottage and get the gas can from the garage and a box of matches ? '' 
 nora stares at me , paralyzed . 
 `` please ? '' 
 i prod . 
 she nods , confusion in her eyes , but she does n't question me . 
 she just takes off running down the beach barefoot . 
 i watch her for a minute , then turn to the attorney . 
 `` the house is mine now , correct ? '' 
 todd nods . 
 `` yes . 
 everything in it . 
 and the woodshop and the garage in town . 
 and the assets from the business . 
 everything . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 todd eyes me uncomfortably . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 i level a gaze at him . 
 `` a bonfire . '' 
 he stares back in apprehension . 
 `` that 's arson . '' 
 `` not if i do n't make an insurance claim , '' i tell him . 
 `` i simply want to get rid of the house so that i can clear this land and start fresh . 
 i might even build another house here in the future . 
 so that 's not arson . 
 that 's demolition . '' 
 `` you need a permit for demolition , son . '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not your son . 
 and if angel bay pd wants to fine me , so be it . '' 
 todd continues to stare at me uncertainly . 
 `` okay . 
 well , this is yours now , too . '' 
 he hands me the key to the wooden box my father left for me and i shove it in the pocket of my swim trunks . 
 i 'll deal with that later . 
 nora returns just as my mother walks down the steps with a suitcase in her hand . 
 she jogs up to me with the gas can and matches , and my mother 's eyes widen , the first real reaction i 've seen from her . 
 i walk up to her . 
 `` mom , i loved you for the longest time , long after you stopped deserving it . 
 i do n't hate you now . 
 i do n't . 
 but i 'm done with everything toxic in my life , and that includes you . 
 i 'm going to sign over dad 's business to you . 
 i 'm going to give you the money he had in the bank , his truck , his workshop . 
 but i 'm not giving you this house . 
 i 'm getting rid of every bad memory i have of this place today . '' 
 she sputters and then stops as she sees the expression on my face . 
 `` you 're serious . '' 
 `` dead serious . '' 
 without another word , i shake gasoline out of the can all over the porch and fling it up on the walls . 
 i look at my mother . 
 `` you might want to get back . '' 
 she takes a step back , then another . 
 i pause . 
 `` i know that i 'll probably never see you again after you leave here today . 
 and i 'm okay with that . 
 i ca n't deal with the all the toxins of my childhood anymore . 
 if you ever want to have a real relationship with me , the normal kind of mother-son relationship , then look me up . 
 until then , take care of yourself . '' 
 i turn away and my mother hurries to her car without a word . 
 she drives away without looking back and i have no doubt that i 'll never see her again . 
 it does hurt , but i swallow it , because i know i have to let it go . 
 if i 'm ever going to get past everything that happened here , i have to let it all go . 
 i toss a match onto the house . 
 it ignites immediately and the heat presses against us , trying to push us away from it , almost like it 's trying to protect itself from destruction . 
 it does n't work , because i toss another match , then another . 
 it burns quickly . 
 i watch the flames lick at the sky , the smoke spiraling into the heavens . 
 every bad memory i have spirals away with it . 
 one after the other , after the other . 
 it 's surprisingly cleansing and with every board that burns , i feel weights being lifted from my shoulders . 
 i 'm not guilty of anything . 
 and i 'll never have to look at anything or anyone again who tries to pretend otherwise . 
 nora comes up from behind and wraps her arms around my waist as we watch it burn . 
 her cool arms bring comfort , the kind of comfort that only comes from someone who accepts me for who i am . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 we watch the flames for a while , the oranges and blues and reds , before we walk away , down the beach to the only house that ever truly felt like home to me . 
 chapter twenty-one nora i ca n't believe that just happened . 
 brand literally burned his past down . 
 it 's astounding . 
 overwhelming . 
 exhilarating . 
 and it 's nothing short of what i would expect from him . 
 he 's so decisive . 
 when he takes control of something , he does n't do it halfway . 
 the mere thought sets my belly aflutter . 
 i hear the shower running as brand washes away the lake water , the ash from the fire and probably some bad memories , too . 
 i know how that goes . 
 i curl up on the sofa and give him his privacy . 
 he deserves some solitude after what he just did . 
 as i lay still , i ca n't help but stare at the little wooden box . 
 it 's fascinating to me . 
 ebony wood with an ivory inlay . 
 black and white . 
 i have to wonder if his father did that on purpose ... did he contrast black with white as an analogy for life ? 
 life is n't black and white . 
 unable to stop myself , i pick it up , turning it over and over . 
 i shake it lightly . 
 there 's a solid clunking noise inside . 
 something in the box has some heft . 
 with a man as hateful as joe killien apparently was , it 's hard telling what he put in the box . 
 i get goose bumps as i remember horror movies of the past ... when body parts and worse have been sent as messages . 
 quickly , i set the box down . 
 surely joe did n't put a body part in the box , but i 'm not sure that i want to know what actually is in there . 
 `` i 'm curious too , '' brand says from the hallway . 
 i turn to find him standing there , a towel slung around his waist . 
 i 'd been studying the box so intently , i had n't even heard the shower water turn off . 
 he takes a few steps into the room , his strong calves flexing with his movement . 
 each movement he makes is so lithe and controlled . 
 he picks up the box and turns it over in his large hands . 
 `` i want to know , but yet i do n't want to give him that satisfaction , '' he finally says , turning to me . 
 `` does that make any sense ? 
 i know he 's gone and he 'll never know if i look or not . 
 but i 'll know . '' 
 `` so you 're not ever going to look ? '' 
 i ask quietly , in a tiny bit of disbelief . 
 because i know i 'd never have that kind of willpower . 
 i 'd have to know . 
 even if what was inside killed me or fueled my guilt or hate . 
 but this is just one more way that brand and i are different . 
 he 's got willpower . 
 i do n't . 
 brand shrugs and sets the box aside . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe i will . 
 but see , it 's taken me years to get to the place where i do n't care what he thinks , or what he says . 
 i think it 's something inborn in every person ... you need the approval of your parents . 
 for better or worse , you need to know that you 've met their expectations , that you are good enough . 
 i know that i never will . 
 and that 's something i 've had to let go of-and get past . 
 it 's taken me a long time . '' 
 `` but anyone would be proud of you , '' i begin to argue , but brand holds up his hand . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i know all the arguments . 
 jacey used to argue the same things . 
 when i graduated west point with honors , they did n't come . 
 they did n't send a card . 
 they did n't acknowledge it at all . 
 i threw a party with jacey and gabe . 
 when i made the rangers , they did n't say anything , and again , i celebrated with jacey and gabe . 
 but at the same time , i did n't write home and tell them , either . 
 it 's been a two-sided road . 
 i have n't held up my part , but neither did they . '' 
 i shake my head and interrupt because he ca n't stop me . 
 `` but they gave you very good reasons to stay away . 
 your father beat you . 
 your mother did n't stop it ... '' brand nods . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but life is f ** ked up . 
 people get hurt , people are scarred , people are damaged and sometimes , things are n't meant to be fixed . '' 
 `` and you 're afraid if you looked in the box , it might mess up your resolution ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i guess . 
 i just do n't want to have to start back at square one and try to forgive them again . '' 
 i suck in a breath . 
 `` have you forgiven them ? '' 
 he stares out the window . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i try . 
 but i guess , mostly , i just continually put it out of my mind so that i do n't have to think about it . '' 
 `` that 's denial , '' i tell him needlessly . 
 he smiles grimly . 
 `` i know . 
 but it works for me right now . 
 so i 'm not going to look in the box ... not right now . 
 i do n't need to . 
 there are other things i need to worry about . 
 more important things . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` such as ? '' 
 brand grins . 
 `` lunch . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` you 're always starving . '' 
 `` lunch at the hill ? '' 
 he asks , his eyes twinkling . 
 i nod . 
 `` it 's a date , '' he tells me and he disappears back down the hall to get dressed . 
 it 's a date . 
 a date with brand killien . 
 gah . 
 oh how the worm turns in life , from one moment to the next . 
 you never know what 's going to happen . 
 i pull my hair back into a low ponytail and within twenty minutes , brand and i are walking into the hill . 
 together . 
 i 've got my arm looped through his and maria looks up from the cash register , her face lighting up like fireworks when she sees brand . 
 she rushes to him , kissing his cheeks and muttering italian endearments . 
 he smiles and hugs her and she shows us to a table by the window . 
 `` you let me know if i can get you anything else , '' she tells him before she bustles away . 
 `` i 'll get you a special dessert . '' 
 i look at brand over the top of my menu . 
 `` she really likes you . '' 
 `` she 's very loyal . 
 she does n't forget it when someone has done something for her . 
 all i did was move her daughter 's stuff to college . '' 
 `` and come and help her cut brush , and do a bunch of other stuff outside after her husband died , '' i add . 
 he glances up at me , surprised . 
 i shrug . 
 `` she told me last time . 
 you did a lot for her . '' 
 `` and so did gabe and maddy , and even jacey , '' brand says simply . 
 `` maria 's good people . 
 so was tony . '' 
 we fall silent as we decide what to eat , then hand our menus over after we order . 
 brand stares out the window . 
 `` i always forget how much i do like this little town , '' he muses absently . 
 `` i always associate it with ugliness because of my parents , but i had good times here , too . 
 i spent most of every summer down at the vincents ' place . 
 gabe and jacey shared their grandparents with me . 
 they were good people , too . 
 their gran has always been the mom i never had . '' 
 something about that statement and the softness in his eyes at the mere mention twinges my heart . 
 `` i 'm glad you had that with them , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` it sounds like they filled a void in your life . '' 
 and oh my god , how i wished i could have helped do that . 
 i was here every summer too . 
 only i was four years younger and back then ... well , that might as well have been an ocean of time . 
 brand nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 their gran taught me a lot . 
 she was full of good advice . 
 she still is , actually . 
 she 's in a nursing home in chicago . '' 
 i take a sip of water . 
 `` what kind of advice ? 
 i 'm afraid i grew up without much of that . 
 my father is very focused on business and my mother ... well , she 's very focused on trying to put on the appearances that everything is fine in the greene household . 
 there was n't much sage advice floating around . '' 
 brand looks at me . 
 `` well , gran taught me everything i know about women . '' 
 this definitely catches my attention . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` there 's too much to list . 
 she never hesitated to share her opinion . '' 
 the affection on his face at her memory warms my heart . 
 they say that if you watch a man with his mother , it 's a good indication of his character . 
 but i know that if i 'd seen brand with his ` gran ' , that i 'd have known all i ever needed to know about him . 
 `` well , share a couple of things , '' i urge him . 
 `` remember , i did n't get much advice . 
 i can borrow yours . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` well , i 'm not sure how helpful it will be for you . 
 she focused a lot on advice about women ... on what i need to know . '' 
 i wait . 
 he sighs . 
 `` okay . 
 well , she said that women do n't always know what they want , but they almost always know what they do n't want . 
 sometimes it takes them a while to narrow it down by elimination . '' 
 i ponder that , then nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's right about that one . 
 what else ? '' 
 `` one time , when we were about sixteen or so , gabe and i were at the beach with her . 
 apparently , i was staring at some girl in a bikini , and gran slapped me on the back of the head and told me that women were n't ` vaginas with legs ' . 
 i then got a lecture about how women are more than just sex . 
 it was the most humiliating discussion of my life . '' 
 i giggle at the mere thought . 
 `` did gabe get the talk too ? '' 
 brand nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 he wanted to die . 
 there we were , right out on the beach in front of god and everyone , including hot chicks in bikinis , and his grandma was talking about sex . '' 
 i giggle again . 
 `` she sounds awesome . '' 
 `` she is , '' brand says firmly . 
 our waitress refills our drinks and i look at brand . 
 `` did she give you any other valuable advice , or was it all about women ? '' 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 `` oh , for a teenage boy , trust me , it 's always about the women . '' 
 i stare at him drolly . 
 he smirks . 
 `` i wish i 'd paid more attention to the things she told me back then , '' he admits . 
 `` she was really a wise lady , and unfortunately , because i was a stupid kid , i did n't remember it all . 
 but there was something she told me once , after some girl broke my heart , that has always stuck with me . '' 
 i wait . 
 he does n't say anything . 
 `` and that was ? '' 
 i prod . 
 `` well , this chick had screwed me over in a big way . 
 she was pretty messed up . 
 and i 'd come to the conclusion that women were n't worth it , that they were more trouble than they were worth . '' 
 `` i can see where you might think that sometimes , '' i nod . 
 `` what did your gran say ? '' 
 `` she said ... branden , the best things in life are worth the greatest risk . 
 sometimes , before we fall , we fly . '' 
 i stare at him , at the smile that lingers on his lips , and i ca n't help but fall just a little bit in love with this big strong man that has held onto such a sentiment from his ` adopted gran ' . 
 knowing him now is so different from being wildly in love with him as a teen . 
 there 's so much more to him than i 'd ever have guessed before . 
 `` that 's beautiful , '' i tell him simply . 
 `` you 're right . 
 she was very wise . '' 
 brand nods . 
 `` she never pulled any punches . 
 she warned me away from her own granddaughter , too . '' 
 this freezes my hand on my glass . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i manage to ask . 
 brand chuckles . 
 `` she was very perceptive . 
 she knew , even before i did , that i was falling for jacey a long time ago . 
 and she pulled me aside and in her very direct way , she told me that jacey was n't ready for a guy like me . 
 that maybe she never would be ... because jacey needed someone to tame her . 
 i was offended at first , because i thought she was saying that i was n't man enough to do it . '' 
 that 's what it sounded like to me , too , and i have to wonder if gran even knows him at all . 
 `` then what did she mean ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 `` she said that i had a soft spot for jacey and that i 'd never be able to give her the tough love that would fix her . 
 she said i 'm the type of guy who will come to your rescue when i 'm needed , and it would n't be fair to me if i was with jacey , because i 'd always be coming to her rescue . 
 she said i need someone more considerate than that , someone who has their act together . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i think your gran really was wise . 
 she nailed you to a t. '' but i do n't have my act together . 
 brand shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 but she was right about jacey . 
 i came to her rescue a hundred times over the years . 
 if i 'd been ` with ' her , it would 've been a hundred more . 
 so , gran was right . '' 
 our food arrives now and as i 'm eating the steaming pasta , i ca n't help but consider that . 
 brand really is the kind of guy to come to a girls ' rescue . 
 and lord knows that my life is f ** ked up . 
 if he were with me , really with me , he 'd constantly feel like he needed to save me . 
 i 'm no better than jacey . 
 i 'm conflicted ... between the desperate need that i have to be with brand , to soak him up ... and to let him go so that he 's not hurt by me , or by my life . 
 when maria had told me about jacey before , i 'd felt so high and mighty , so judging . 
 but yet , i know that i have to meet my uncle tomorrow , and he 's going to threaten brand and me , and still i want brand . 
 still i want brand , no matter the cost . 
 so really , when it boils down to it , i 'm as selfish as jacey ever was . 
 chapter twenty-two brand talking about jacey makes me uncomfortable . 
 not because i still love her , because i do n't . 
 not in that way . 
 but because i can see that it puts nora on edge . 
 that 's the last thing i want . 
 she 's been edgy ever since the dinner at her parents ' . 
 i do n't want to add to that . 
 `` jacey 's happily married now , '' i remind her as i finish up my lasagna . 
 `` and i do n't want her anymore . '' 
 `` i know , '' nora answers . 
 `` and i 'm sorry . 
 it 's not even my business . 
 who you want and who you do n't want are your business , not mine . '' 
 i put my fork down and eye nora carefully . 
 `` since when ? '' 
 the entire time we 've been together at the cottage , her actions have been contrary to that statement . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` i just realized that i do n't have the right to dictate anything to you . 
 that 's all . '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 this is new . 
 and strange . 
 `` were n't you the one saying that the bullet has already left the gun and that there 's no going back now ? '' 
 something soft flits through nora 's eyes before she covers it up . 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . 
 but i can be selfish sometimes . 
 anyway , what would you like to do this afternoon ? '' 
 she changes the subject clumsily and now i 'm the one on edge . 
 what the f ** k ? 
 i shrug , attempting to appear nonchalant . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 want to go swimming ? '' 
 it 's an attempt to lighten the mood . 
 but nora rolls her eyes . 
 `` let 's not push it . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` why ? 
 when we first came to the cottage , you went skinny-dipping by yourself . 
 perhaps we should go together . 
 it 'd be a whole different experience , i can assure you . '' 
 nora 's face brightens , the clouds clear , and she 's happy again . 
 `` sure , '' she agrees . 
 `` i 'm sure it will be far different . '' 
 i pay the check and we head back to the cottage . 
 as we walk inside , nora looks at me . 
 `` it 's broad daylight , you know . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` your point ? '' 
 she grins . 
 `` i do n't have one . 
 i was just making an observation . '' 
 she slips off her shorts . 
 then her shirt . 
 then tosses her bra and underwear onto the couch . 
 she stops still and stares at me . 
 `` i see you have n't undressed yet . 
 are you scared ? '' 
 i strip off my shirt . 
 `` nah . 
 just distracted . '' 
 i drop my shorts and underwear at her feet . 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 i grab her hand and pull her out the door , determined to not become distracted by the way her ni ** les point to the sky . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 when we reach the water 's edge , she stretches , lifting her hands to the clouds and arching her chest toward me . 
 i pretend not to see , although my dick definitely stands up and takes notice . 
 without preamble , i scoop her up , plunge into the water , and drop her unceremoniously into it . 
 when she sputters back through the surface , she 's shrieking . 
 `` this was n't what i had in mind when i wanted to skinny-dip with you ! '' 
 she calls out , chasing me through the water . 
 i swim hard , away from her . 
 cat and mouse . 
 she 's fast though , and when i slow just a bit , she catches me . 
 lunging out of the water , she slams her hands on my shoulders , dunking me . 
 i rocket back out of the water and kiss her hard . 
 she startles , then clings to me , her tongue burying itself in my mouth . 
 she wraps her legs around my waist and i feel her , the very centermost part of her , pressed to my stomach . 
 it makes me instantly rock hard . 
 with her wrapped around me , i float a few feet inland to where my feet touch . 
 and then i do n't hold back . 
 i run my mouth along her neck , kissing it where it arches . 
 i nip at her ear and when she arches backward , i suck her ni ** les , drawing them into my mouth and teasing them into sharp points . 
 she grips my back , her fingernails digging into my skin as the cold lake water chills every part of us . 
 but we 're heating each other up . 
 nora reaches down and strokes me under the water , teasing my rigid hard-on into steel . 
 i could etch glass with it now and she knows it . 
 she smirks as she dips her own head and licks my ni ** les . 
 payback . 
 but i trump her when i slide my fingers between her legs and directly into her . 
 despite the water , she 's still dripping wet . 
 for me . 
 `` let 's go inside , shall we ? '' 
 i murmur against her neck . 
 she nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 skinny-dipping is overrated . '' 
 she 's flushed , almost panting , something that satisfies me . 
 i did that . 
 i pick her up , carrying her to shore . 
 `` i can walk , you know , '' she tells me , laughter in her blue eyes . 
 `` but you 're too slow , '' i answer . 
 `` i 'm a man on a mission . '' 
 she laughs and i carry her toward the house , both of us as na ** d as the day we were born . 
 and then i stop still . 
 because there , sitting on the porch waiting for us , is jacey . 
 she looks tired , but she 's still here , in the flesh , watching nora and i approach , in all our birthday suit glory . 
 nora sucks in her breath . 
 `` is that ... '' `` yeah . 
 that 's jacey . '' 
 she squirms in my arms , but i hold tighter . 
 `` you 're more concealed if i carry you , '' i point out . 
 `` but you 're not , '' she answers . 
 i shrug . 
 there 's no help for that now . 
 we 're both naked . 
 but at least my arms wrapped around her will provide her with just a little bit of cover . 
 jacey stands as we approach and there 's laughter in her eyes . 
 and confusion . 
 i see her study nora , trying to figure out who she is . 
 `` brand ! '' 
 she calls out . 
 `` i see you 're doing better ... there was no need to worry after all ! '' 
 `` is that why you 're here ? '' 
 i answer . 
 `` because you were worried ? 
 you could 've called . '' 
 she grins and takes a step off the porch , her eyes fixed to mine , never flickering below my waist . 
 `` i knew if i called , you 'd tell me not to come . 
 i had to make sure you were fine . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tell her , not stopping . 
 i take the steps two at a time , headed into the house . 
 `` you 're also naked , '' she calls after me . 
 `` did you realize ? '' 
 little brat . 
 i grin . 
 nora glances up at me . 
 `` is it okay that i 'm here , or ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i assure her . 
 there 's a whole lot of self-doubt in her eyes right now , and i want to squash it . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 we get dressed quickly , then join jacey in the kitchen . 
 she 's sitting at the kitchen table waiting for us , running her hand over the wood of the tabletop . 
 `` i miss this cottage , '' she muses . 
 `` there were happy memories here . '' 
 and i had been in the process of making another one , but i do n't point that out . 
 `` jacey , this is nora greene . 
 nora , this is jacey vincent . 
 kinkaide , i mean . '' 
 nora holds out her hand , but jacey by-passes it , hugging her instead . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . 
 so nice to meet you , '' jacey gushes . 
 `` i feel like i know you , but that 's not possible , right ? '' 
 `` her parents own the greene estate , '' i interject helpfully and jacey 's eyes widen . 
 `` ohhhh . 
 you 're little nora greene ! 
 i knew i knew you . 
 i used to wait tables at the hill . 
 i remember you coming in sometimes with your parents . 
 you 've ... uh ... grown up . '' 
 that 's a tactful way to skirt around the topic that nora was na ** d on jacey 's beach . 
 nora smiles gracefully , only the barest hint of a blush along her pale cheeks . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , jacey . 
 i 've heard so much about you . '' 
 there 's the barest hint of acid in her voice , and i wonder at it . 
 is she jealous ? 
 jacey looks at me , her brown eyes soft . 
 `` i could n't help but notice , as i drove down this road , that your parents ' house seems to have burned down . '' 
 there 's a knowing expression on her face , because she knows me well . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 there was a bit of a matches and gasoline problem . 
 apparently , when you douse something with gasoline and toss a match onto it , it burns . '' 
 she raises her eyebrow . 
 `` is the problem resolved now ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` it 's all good . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 jacey yawns widely , then slaps a hand over her mouth . 
 `` god , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm jetlagged . 
 dom 's still on-set in the uk and he could n't come , but i wanted to be here for a couple of days to check on you . 
 the jetlag is killing me , though . 
 i 'm gon na nap for a couple of hours , then we 'll catch up , okay ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i tell her . 
 `` take all the time you want . 
 you can sleep in your old room . 
 nora 's been sleeping in with me , anyway . '' 
 jacey smiles knowingly . 
 `` i bet . 
 i 'll see you in a couple of hours . '' 
 she heads down the hall , but calls over her shoulder . 
 `` do n't think i 'm not pissed that you did n't call me yourself . 
 i 'll be kicking your ass after i wake up . '' 
 `` i 'm scared ! '' 
 i yell at her back . 
 the click of her bedroom door is my only answer . 
 i look down at nora , only to find her staring up at me . 
 i ca n't read her expression . 
 `` i 'm sorry we were interrupted , '' i murmur into her hair , pulling her close . 
 `` but i 'll make it up to you tonight . '' 
 she nods , but stays quiet . 
 her uncharacteristic silence is getting to me . 
 jacey sleeps for hours , and in fact , i do n't hear her stirring until long after nora and i have gone to bed . 
 i lay in the dark , listening to jacey 's movements in the living room , and ponder my situation . 
 a year ago , i would 've given anything to get jacey to see me for me ... a grown man in love with her . 
 but things have changed , and the only thing i feel at the moment is annoyance , that her arrival has triggered doubts in nora . 
 because i saw the doubts in nora 's eyes . 
 i saw that she questioned my feelings for jacey , that those doubts caused her to question my feelings and my intentions for her . 
 we 'll hang out with jacey for a few days , but i 'm going to have a talk with nora . 
 i know she wanted me for the summer , but i 'm not cut out for that . 
 gran was right ... when i open myself up to someone , i 'm in it for the long haul . 
 the summer wo n't be enough . 
 chapter twenty-three nora i wake up to laughter and an empty bed . 
 brand is gone , and as i glance out the bedroom windows , i see why . 
 he 's sitting at the picnic table in the sun , eating breakfast with jacey . 
 i feel the early stirrings of jealousy in my belly and i fight to tamp them down . 
 i do n't own him . 
 he 's not mine . 
 but he sleeps with me at night , he holds me all night long . 
 i do n't have anything to be jealous of . 
 that 's what i tell myself . 
 it 's hard though . 
 jacey keeps laying her hand on his arm , and they keep laughing over jokes i do n't know . 
 there 's a familiarity between them that comes from years of knowing each other . 
 really knowing each other . 
 it 's hard not to be jealous of that . 
 even though , at the same time , jacey is n't throwing herself at him . 
 maybe she did at one point , but now , today , there does n't seem to be sexual tension there at all . 
 i pull some clothes on , and run a brush through my hair , then join them outside with a cup of coffee . 
 `` i was n't sure how strong you like your coffee , '' jacey tells me , looking up from their conversation . 
 `` so i just made it pretty mild . 
 i hope that 's fine . '' 
 `` it 's perfect , '' i assure her . 
 i glance at the table , trying to decide which side to sit on . 
 jacey solves that problem by patting the bench next to her . 
 `` come tell me all about you , '' she sings cheerfully . 
 `` i 've got to know all about the girl who has brand intrigued . '' 
 he sighs loudly , but does n't try and steer her away , so i sit down next to her . 
 we chat for the next hour . 
 where do you live ? 
 what do you do ? 
 where did you go to school ? 
 the entire time , i find myself wishing that i was at brand 's side instead of jacey 's but i smile politely and chat and play the game . 
 because it 's a game . 
 i know it and jacey knows it . 
 she 's acting friendly and cheerful , but she 's also acting on brand 's behalf . 
 she 's searching my motives , trying to decide if i 'm good enough for her friend . 
 but she has no right . 
 she hurt him more than anyone else ever will . 
 but i keep a smile pasted on and i answer every question . 
 i even ask a few of my own . 
 what 's it like being married to dominic kinkaide ? 
 where do you live now when you are n't on set with him ? 
 do you miss angel bay ? 
 she answers my questions for the same reason as i answer hers . 
 a show for brand . 
 it 's when my phone buzzes in my pocket and i see william 's name that i remember that i 've got bigger problems to face than jacey today . 
 do n't be late . 
 that 's all he says . 
 i glance at the time . 
 it 's already twelve-thirty . 
 the knowledge that i need to go soon makes me uneasy . 
 i do n't want to leave them alone . 
 but that 's stupid , i tell myself . 
 brand is as loyal as they come . 
 but he 's not mine . 
 that 's an unarguable fact . 
 he 's no one 's . 
 i swallow and look at the two of them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i 've been summoned to work for a little bit . 
 i have to drive into chicago . 
 i 'll be back this evening though . '' 
 i get up to walk into the house , ignoring brand 's very concerned expression . 
 before i reach the door , his strong hand is gripping my elbow . 
 `` is everything ok ? '' 
 he asks quickly , his blue eyes searching mine for an answer . 
 an honest answer . 
 i paste on a mask . 
 `` yes . '' 
 lie . 
 he raises an eyebrow and i sigh . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 my father just wants to give me some case files to study over the summer . 
 he wants me to be prepared for the fall . '' 
 lie . 
 but i sound oh-so-convincing and brand finally relaxes . 
 `` do you want me to ride along ? '' 
 yes . 
 but i shake my head . 
 `` of course not . 
 you have company . 
 stay here with jacey and catch up . 
 i 'll be home tonight . '' 
 home . 
 a lump forms in my throat because this is n't my home . 
 it 's their home ... jacey 's and brand 's . 
 this is where they grew up . 
 i 'll never be a part of that . 
 `` if you 're sure ... '' brand 's voice trails off and i kiss him hard , on the mouth . 
 out of my periphery , i see jacey watching us , something that gives me great satisfaction . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 i 'll be back tonight . '' 
 i stride into the house with purpose and grab my purse . 
 i do n't look back until i 'm all the way down the road . 
 *** the drive to chicago seems to take forever , even though it 's only an hour . 
 i weave my jag through the sunday afternoon traffic and by the time i pull into my parking slot in the garage at greene corp , my nerves are shot . 
 my fingers are shaky , my heart is racing , my palms are clammy . 
 brand and jacey might be alone right now and that might be annoying , but i have to be alone with william . 
 and that 's more than annoying . 
 it very well might be dangerous . 
 i gulp as i ride the elevator to the twentieth floor . 
 i swallow hard as i step out and my heels click on the polished floor . 
 then , as i stand outside the doors of the conference room , i take a deep breath and try to steady myself . 
 i know he 's already here . 
 i can smell his cologne on the air ... something thick and cloying and old-man-like . 
 the smell brings back memories ... of clawing and biting and penetration . 
 i gag a little bit , grabbing the wall . 
 i can do this . 
 i can do this . 
 this is me ringing the bell . 
 i open the door , and as confidently as i can , i step inside . 
 william waits for me at the far end of the massive conference table . 
 `` come in , my dear , '' he calls . 
 even his voice sounds like an old man , thin and frail . 
 i swallow my disgust and approach him , keeping my eyes carefully on him as i stop across the table from him . 
 he smiles . 
 `` now , was this so hard ? 
 really , my dear , meeting with me did n't have to be this way . '' 
 `` i know what meeting with you is like , '' i manage to bite . 
 `` why did you want to see me today ? 
 let 's just cut to the chase . '' 
 william nods , satisfied . 
 `` you 're such a greene , nora . 
 so ready to do what you need to do . '' 
 my stomach rolls . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i ask stiltedly . 
 my fingers are gripping the edge of the table so tightly that i ca n't feel them anymore . 
 william rocks back in his chair . 
 `` i want to tell you a little bit about your boyfriend , of course . 
 you 're so young and inexperienced ... i know you probably did n't do a background check on him . 
 right ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` that 's what you 've got ? 
 i do n't need a background check . 
 i know him . 
 he 's a decorated army ranger , a hero who saved my life . 
 that 's all i need to know . '' 
 william chuckles , a thin fake sound in the quiet room . 
 `` oh , my dear , you 're so naive . 
 your boyfriend is an army ranger . 
 but i doubt he told you why . '' 
 i can tell from william 's voice that i 'm not going to like what he 's going to say next . 
 i wish i could close my ears and not listen , but i have to know . 
 william wo n't give me a choice . 
 i do n't say anything , so he continues . 
 `` branden killien attacked his father right after he graduated high school , '' william says with satisfaction , his faded eyes gleaming . 
 `` his parents pressed charges and the judge suspended the sentence if branden would agree to join the military . '' 
 i 'm stunned . 
 i 'm not mad at brand , because honestly , after hearing about his father and seeing his mother in action , i do n't blame him . 
 in fact , i commend him for waiting so long . 
 but i am surprised that he did n't mention it . 
 william enjoys the look on my face . 
 `` i see he did n't mention it to you , '' he says cheerfully . 
 `` i can see why . 
 he thinks his records are sealed , so he never had to worry about telling you the truth . 
 but see , my dear , nothing is sealed to me . 
 i have connections everywhere . 
 which brings me to my point today . '' 
 he pauses and i wait . 
 i stare him down , my gaze unflinching . 
 fuck you , you f ** king monster . 
 `` i 'm sure brand does n't want it known that the only reason he ever served his country was as a punishment for assault and battery . 
 his company is successful in large part because of his and his partner 's decorated military history . 
 the connections i have in the pentagon ... they would n't be very happy to know that they 're doing business with a fraud . '' 
 my head snaps up . 
 `` brand is n't a fraud , '' i spit . 
 `` no one would ever think so . '' 
 william nods , very happy with my reaction , happy that he 's getting one . 
 `` they would believe that if i told them to . 
 they would publicly withdraw their business and cite their reasons ... that branden is a fraud , a criminal , if i told them to . 
 and when that happens , brand 's company would go bankrupt . 
 he 'd be ruined and left with nothing . '' 
 my breath leaves my body in a rush , even though i desperately try not to show it . 
 `` they would n't , '' i say , attempting to call his bluff . 
 `` his company does a good job . 
 they would have no reason . '' 
 william drums his fingers casually on the table , as if we 're having a friendly , normal conversation . 
 `` my dear , '' he says , ever-so-sweetly . 
 `` they would do anything i ask them to do . 
 that 's how much weight i pull in washington . '' 
 i stare at him and his eyes narrow as he gets up and walks toward me . 
 i have to fight to remain still , to stand my ground . 
 `` you ca n't run from me . '' 
 he takes another step toward me , then another . 
 `` i always get what i want . '' 
 he stops right in front of me , close enough that i have to breathe in his hateful cologne , and smell his fetid , hot breath . 
 `` ask me , nora . '' 
 i turn my gaze up to meet his . 
 his eyes are as cold as they are faded and old . 
 i seal my lips , unwilling to do it . 
 `` ask . 
 me . '' 
 he grabs one of my hands and squeezes it , pushing the delicate bones of my hands together . 
 i grit my teeth with the pain . 
 he squeezes harder . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i finally ask , to make him quit hurting me . 
 `` you . '' 
 i fight the urgent need to vomit . 
 `` he 's getting in the way of what i want , '' william says pleasantly now , releasing my hand . 
 `` i want you to leave his cottage , and come with me for a trip to abu dhabi . 
 we 'll say it 's for business . 
 but i assure you , it wo n't be business . '' 
 his hand juts out and cups my crotch , his fingernails digging into my tender flesh there , biting into me . 
 he likes pain . 
 i know this . 
 i 've experienced it before . 
 he likes inflicting pain . 
 i step backward , yanking away from him , from his evil touch . 
 `` you do n't want me . 
 you wanted my mother and you could n't have her . 
 i 'm not my mother . '' 
 william 's wrinkled mouth pulls into a cynical smile . 
 `` what a clever girl you are . 
 it might 've started out that way , i wanted you because your mother had to watch me chase you and she could never do anything about it because she 's a helpless cunt . 
 but i want you now . 
 your mother is old . '' 
 so are you . 
 i swallow the acid on my tongue . 
 `` and if i say no ? '' 
 william raises a bushy eyebrow , as if he knows i 'd never dare . 
 `` if you said no , you 'd be a very foolish girl . 
 i 'll ruin your meat-headed boyfriend , then i 'll ruin you . 
 and do n't for one minute think that at least you 'd have each other ... because after i 'm finished with him , he 'll never want you . 
 not ever . 
 do you think he 'd really want someone who willingly entered into an incestuous affair with her very own uncle and enjoyed it so much ? '' 
 bile rises into my throat as he pulls out a pack of pictures and shoves them across the table . 
 it 's me . 
 giving my own uncle a blow job . 
 from the angle of the camera , you ca n't see that my hands are bound behind my back . 
 all you can see is the tattoo on my shoulder , a unique identifier . 
 the twisted anchor , the words . 
 fluctuat nec mergitur . 
 it 's most definitely me . 
 and it 's most definitely my uncle . 
 his wrinkled hand is on the back of my head , forcing me to take more of him in my throat ... and his very unique signet ring is on his finger . 
 my uncle smiles pleasantly as he tucks the pictures back in his pocket . 
 `` there 's more . 
 there are many of you f ** king me , you little whore , '' he tells me , each word icy . 
 `` and i do n't care if it gets out ... you were of legal age and if anyone questions me , i 'll simply say that you 're a wanton whore who pursued me for years and in a moment of drunkenness , i gave in to you . 
 if you look at the pictures , it certainly appears that you 're enjoying yourself . '' 
 i was n't . 
 i was n't enjoying myself . 
 i was trying to get through it , to not die on the inside . 
 but he 's right . 
 you ca n't see that on the pictures . 
 in the pictures , my make-up looks smeared from passion , not from tears . 
 you ca n't see how my hands are bound , you ca n't see the lash-marks from my uncle 's whip . 
 you ca n't see any of it ... except for a girl ha ** ng s * x with her own uncle . 
 william stares at me , very sure that i 'll be compliant . 
 `` even if brand still wanted you somehow after i ruin him , '' he says calmly . 
 `` he 'll never want you after he sees what a f ** ked up slut you are . '' 
 reality crashes down around me , ugly and hot . 
 no one in their right mind would want me after seeing those pictures . 
 no matter how i look at it , i 'll lose brand . 
 but i ca n't let brand lose everything ... not because of me . 
 he 's worked too hard to forget his own ugly past . 
 it would n't be fair if he lost everything now . 
 `` you have until midnight tomorrow night to leave that cottage , '' my uncle says pleasantly . 
 `` i 'll meet you at your apartment in california . 
 i know you kept it , even after your father said to let it go . 
 it does n't matter . 
 it 'll come in handy for us . 
 we 'll put it to good use until our flight leaves from lax for abu dhabi . '' 
 i ca n't control my vomit . 
 i lean to the side and heave , over and over . 
 i empty my stomach , then stand up again , wiping my mouth with my hand . 
 `` i see we have an understanding , '' william nods . 
 `` good . 
 i 'll see you in california , my dear . '' 
 he turns and starts to leave , but i stop him . 
 `` what kind of monster are you ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` i 'm your flesh and blood . 
 you held me when i was a baby . 
 you 're the criminal , not brand . '' 
 william actually laughs , but it 's hardened and ugly . 
 `` nora , you and i both know you tried to seduce me from the time you were small . 
 those bathing suits you used to wear ... you always made a point of walking away from me in a way that showed off your tight little ass . '' 
 bile bubbles up again . 
 `` my ass was little because i was a child , '' i spit . 
 `` i never tried to seduce you . 
 you 're a sick f ** k who preys on children . '' 
 william stares at me innocently . 
 `` i have never preyed on children , '' he defends himself . 
 `` i did n't have my way with you until you were an adult , my dear . 
 that 's not a crime . '' 
 `` no , but it 's an abomination , '' i tell him , all the while fighting the nausea again . 
 `` to each their own , '' william says easily . 
 `` you have until midnight tomorrow night to leave for california . 
 do n't be late . '' 
 he turns and strides from the room and i can still feel where his fingernails cut into my vagina . 
 i rush to the bathroom and run a handful of paper towels under scalding hot water . 
 i ca n't take a shower so this is the next best thing . 
 i seclude myself in a bathroom stall , wiping and wiping and wiping , trying to get his finger prints off . 
 before i realize it , i 'm sobbing , and i 'm in a heap on the floor . 
 i have until midnight tomorrow night with brand . 
 i do n't dare defy william . 
 he 'll ruin everything i have . 
 he 'll bring my entire world down around me in shreds and tatters , but that 's not what i care about . 
 all that i care about is ... brand . 
 i ca n't let him hurt brand . 
 i glance at my watch . 
 time is ticking . 
 the shoe has dropped . 
 chapter twenty-four brand i stare at jacey . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 she swallows her bite of sandwich . 
 `` i said , what are you doing with this girl ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` not really your business , now is it ? 
 when it gets to a point that i think i need to tell you about it , you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 `` in other words , '' she scowls . 
 `` never . '' 
 i grin . 
 she takes another bite . 
 `` she 's gorgeous , i 'll give you that . 
 but she does n't really seem your type . 
 she 's a bit ... tightly wound . '' 
 i shake my head and look out at the lake , remembering how nora has swam with me out to the buoy . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 jacey nods . 
 `` she 's from a snobby family , too . 
 so not your type . '' 
 i finish up my sandwich and take my plate to the sink . 
 `` jacey , no offense . 
 but you 've spent years crying on my shoulder over other men . 
 you have n't once listened to me talking about a woman . 
 you do n't know my type . '' 
 she stops chewing and stares at me . 
 `` never once ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` never once . 
 i was always listening to you . '' 
 `` god , i was a bitch , '' she mutters . 
 `` should i apologize again ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` nah . 
 it wo n't help now . 
 just know that i know what i 'm doing . 
 and if i want your advice , i 'll ask for it . 
 and thank you for letting me use your cottage to recuperate . '' 
 she scowls good-naturedly . 
 `` is that what you 're calling it ? 
 recuperation ? 
 in a cottage alone with a beautiful woman ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` it 's my story . '' 
 `` and you 're sticking to it . 
 got it . '' 
 we banter back and forth for a while , and jacey chats about life in the uk and i tell her all about what her brother 's been up to in connecticut . 
 `` this is nice , '' she finally says , leaning up to hug me . 
 `` i feel like things are back to where they should be . 
 finally . 
 i 'm sorry for f ** king it all up in the first place . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i tell her as i hug her back . 
 `` seriously . '' 
 before jacey can pull away , the door opens and nora steps in . 
 of course . 
 because jacey still has her arms wrapped around me . 
 perfect . 
 the look on nora 's face is chilling . 
 i step away from jacey immediately , and reach for nora . 
 `` hey , sweetheart , '' i greet her . 
 `` jacey and i were just catching up . '' 
 nora nods slowly , not smiling . 
 `` i see that . '' 
 jacey looks from nora to me . 
 `` uh . 
 i need to go in to the hill and see maria . 
 i 'll be back later . 
 my flight takes off in the morning , so i 'll need to get some sleep . '' 
 neither nora or i answer , so jacey slips away . 
 i stare at nora . 
 `` that was n't what it looked like . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 nora 's eyebrow is arched . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it was just a hug between friends . '' 
 nora stares at me for a moment , her eyes big and sad . 
 then she nods , the clouds clearing from her face . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay ? 
 just like that ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` just like that . 
 i trust you . 
 and there 's better ways to spend my time than to be suspicious of you . '' 
 `` babe , we 've always got time to talk about shit . 
 if you feel bad about something , you need to tell me . 
 that 's how people sort things out . 
 time is cheap . 
 we can afford it . '' 
 she stares at me sadly and for a minute , i 'm bothered . 
 what the hell is with her ? 
 but then she smiles . 
 `` you 're right . 
 but i 'm fine . 
 jacey is an old friend . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 it 's fine . 
 two of the most dangerous words in the female vocabulary , i 'm sure . 
 but i have no other choice than to accept it . 
 so i nod . 
 `` good . 
 now ... we have the cottage to ourselves again for the evening . 
 how would you like to spend that time ? '' 
 nora smiles , a slow smile that finally reaches her eyes , then she reaches for me . 
 `` i 've got some ideas . '' 
 *** nora i 've got to soak him up . 
 every bit of him , as much as i can . 
 i 've got so little time to absorb him , to remember him , to take his goodness and make it mine . 
 he runs his hands over my hips , and i lift them , granting him access to the most sensitive part of me . 
 when he does , i forget how william 's fingernails bit into me earlier . 
 brand eclipses it , erases it , eradicates it . 
 i twist the sheets in my hand , moaning his name as he strokes me . 
 make me good , brand . 
 he kisses my neck , my lips , my cheeks , before he rests his forehead against mine and as he stares into my eyes , he enters my body , slowly , smoothly , deeply . 
 with purpose . 
 i suck in my breath and then breathe with him , in slow pants as he slides in and out , over and over . 
 `` i want to see you , '' he rasps against my neck . 
 and then he pulls out , and flips me on top of him , his hands grasping my br ** sts , kneading the sensitive flesh . 
 `` that 's better , '' he sighs . 
 sliding his hands along my hips , he worships them . 
 then he spends his attention on my br ** sts and leaning up , he suckles them , laving them with his tongue , rolling my ni ** les between his teeth . 
 all the while , i 'm rocking on his hardness , sliding him in and out , enjoying the wet warmth , the hardened rigidity . 
 fill me up , brand . 
 he slides in and out , fast then faster and finally , i throw my head back and arch on top of him , shattered from the orgasm . 
 i shake and shake with it , my muscles contracting around him . 
 he smiles . 
 `` my turn . '' 
 he begins moving inside of me again , but then pulls out , and flips me over one more time , this time , i 'm face-down on the bed as he f ** ks me from behind . 
 he pulls me up toward him with his hands and then reaches around and strokes me while he f ** ks me . 
 i come again , before he finally groans with his own release . 
 i collapse onto the bed , limp and satisfied and sad . 
 this is all i have . 
 i have to memorize it . 
 i have to memorize him , his face , his smell , his hands . 
 i pick up one of his hands and trace his fingers as he pulls me onto his chest with his other arm . 
 the silence between us is huge and loaded and important . 
 i do n't know why . 
 then i realize ... as he looks at me , the expression in his eyes is different . 
 because he loves me . 
 i do n't know how i know , but i know . 
 i nuzzle into him , my face in his neck , trying to spread that warm , soft , good feeling all over my body . 
 `` i 'm so tired , '' i tell him , hoping that he wo n't actually say the words . 
 i ca n't hear the words . 
 not if i have to leave him . 
 it 'd be impossible . 
 excruciating . 
 please do n't . 
 he chuckles instead and the moment is broken . 
 `` i wore you out . 
 take a nap and we 'll do it again . '' 
 but he 's the one who falls asleep . 
 i watch him , as he breathes in and out . 
 as his arms still encircle me , as he still protects me even while he sleeps . 
 my heart twinges , my gut tightens . 
 i glance at the clock . 
 eleven pm . 
 we 've spent hours in this bedroom , making love over and over . 
 because that 's how i wanted to spend my last hours with him . 
 it will be these memories that i exist on from this day forward . 
 but the clock is ticking and i have one hour . 
 i have no doubt that william probably has someone watching the house , just to make sure i hold up my end of the bargain . 
 as gently as i can , i slip from the bed and sit at the desk by the window , scribbling out a note . 
 it 's brief but i do n't know what else to say ... i do n't know what to say that wo n't hurt him . 
 i fold it over and write brand 's name on it , propping it up by the lamp where he 'll see it . 
 i watch him again , soaking him in , memorizing his strong face , his chiseled jaw , the cleft in his chin . 
 i wish i could look into his eyes one more time ... the blue , blue ocean that i 've looked into a hundred times . 
 the eyes that say they love me , even if he has n't said the words . 
 i know he does . 
 i saw it tonight . 
 and that will have to be enough . 
 i bend and brush the softest of kisses on his brow and slip from the room . 
 i know jacey is n't back yet , so i quickly grab my things from her room , stuffing them in my bag . 
 i 'm quietly walking through the kitchen when the back door opens and jacey steps in . 
 she 's startled to see me and she starts to say hello , but then her eyes take in the bag in my hand and widen . 
 `` are you ... you 're leaving . '' 
 i swallow hard , then nod . 
 the movement hurts , like a scalpel or a sword . 
 `` and brand does n't know . '' 
 jacey 's voice is limp . 
 i stare at her , not answering . 
 she stares back , confused , pissed . 
 i take a step around her and she grabs my elbow . 
 `` i do n't know if this matters to you , but i have n't seen brand this happy in a long time . 
 actually , i 've never seen him this happy . 
 this will kill him . 
 i ca n't imagine why you 'd leave him . '' 
 i stare at her , directly in the eyes . 
 `` you left him . '' 
 `` but he and i were never together , '' she points out . 
 `` you ... i ... never mind . 
 it 's not my business . '' 
 she turns her back and starts to walk away . 
 `` jacey ? '' 
 she turns around silently , because words are n't needed . 
 her icy glare says everything . 
 `` sometimes things are n't what they seem . 
 can you . . 
 just ... take care of him . '' 
 jacey nods curtly , one time , and i do the hardest thing i 'll ever have to do in my life . 
 i drive away from brand killien . 
 i sob the entire way to the airport . 
 chapter twenty-five brand when i wake , the bed is empty . 
 it takes a minute to realize that nora has already gotten up . 
 i stretch and wait for her to come back , but after a long while passes , i realize she 's not going to . 
 she must be out talking with jacey . 
 i shake my head as i climb from bed . 
 what a f ** ked up situation . 
 but what an amazing night . 
 as i reach for my shorts , i see the paper . 
 folded over , with my name scrawled on it , propped up on the desk . 
 my stomach drops like a piece of lead , into my feet , into the floor . 
 this ca n't be good . 
 i do n't want to open it , but at the same time , i know i have to . 
 my body goes numb as i read her words . 
 brand , this was more than i bargained for . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i hope you find what you 're looking for . 
 nora she does n't mean it . 
 she ca n't possibly . 
 yet , she 's gone . 
 and this letter is here in her place . 
 i ball the paper up and throw it in the trashcan and then before i can control my anger , i smash my fist into the wall . 
 it breaks through the drywall with a crash , and little pieces of it fall to the floor . 
 it does n't take jacey long to come running . 
 `` jesus , '' she breathes , taking in my bloody knuckles and the hole in the wall . 
 `` i 'll get a washcloth . '' 
 she disappears and comes back within a minute , forcing me to sit on the bed and pressing the wet cloth around my hand . 
 `` i 'll pay for the repairs , '' i mumble . 
 `` i do n't care about the wall , '' she tells me . 
 `` i care about you . 
 are you going to be ok ? '' 
 i growl and look away . 
 `` of course . 
 this is n't the first time i have n't been good enough for someone . '' 
 jacey sucks in a breath and looks at me , her eyes wide and blue and hurt . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i mutter . 
 `` i 'm not mad at you . 
 i 'm just ... fuck . '' 
 jacey rubs my back , her head on my shoulder . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 i 'm sorry , brand . '' 
 `` this is bullshit , '' i tell her as i stand up . 
 `` it does n't make any sense . '' 
 but it makes all kinds of sense . 
 no one stays with me . 
 for as long as i 've been alive , i 've never been f ** king good enough . 
 it does n't matter how good i am , how strong i get , how good a job i do ... it 's never enough . 
 not for anyone . 
 `` fuck this . '' 
 i stride from the room , intent on going somewhere , anywhere ... to get this shit out of my head . 
 everything is swirling through my thoughts ... my father who beat me , my mother who hates me , jacey who did n't want me ... and now nora . 
 it all bleeds together and i ca n't tell the emotions apart . 
 i 'm simply not good enough . 
 as i walk through the living room , my eyes fall on that f ** king wooden box and i pick it up , gripping it tight . 
 it just symbolizes one more failure . 
 jacey trails behind me and stares at it . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i was n't good enough to save my little sister , '' i tell her , my voice sharp , the words painful . 
 `` did you know that ? '' 
 jacey shakes her head , her eyes wide . 
 `` i did n't know you had a sister , '' she answers softly . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . 
 she drowned when i was six and i was n't good enough to stop it . 
 at least , that 's what my old man always told me ... when he was beating the shit out of me every night . 
 those bruises i had when i was a kid ? 
 that 's why i got them . 
 because i was n't f ** king good enough . '' 
 jacey is still , completely frozen . 
 `` my grandma called social services , you know , '' she tells me . 
 `` they came and investigated your father , but they could n't find enough evidence to take you away . '' 
 of course not . 
 i vaguely remember that , too . 
 one summer , when i was twelve or so , i 'd come home for a change of clothes and there were people at the house , strange people in pant suits who asked a lot of questions . 
 my father had stared meaningfully at me , and i 'd answered them all like i know he 'd want me to . 
 kids are loyal to the end . 
 well guess what ? 
 it 's the end . 
 i grip the box hard , staring at it 's intricate design , at the way it so cleverly conceals it 's contents . 
 hard and fast , i throw it across the room . 
 it shatters against the wall , splintering into pieces on the floor . 
 i do n't make a move to walk to it , to see what 's inside . 
 jacey stares first at it , then at me . 
 `` i do n't know what happened to your sister , '' she says softly . 
 `` but i do know that whatever it was , it was n't your fault . '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 it all wells up in me and i sink to the floor and sit limply , and all of it comes out . 
 all of it . 
 my sister sleepwalking . 
 the way we had to keep her locked in for her own safety . 
 how my mother had found her washed up on the shore and how her screams had shaken the house . 
 how my father had beat me every night when he came home from the bar . 
 ring the bell , brand . 
 how he had swung at me when i graduated high school and how then it was my turn to beat him . 
 how i 'd punched him and punched him until my mother pulled me off and called the police . 
 how the judge had suspended my sentence when he heard i 'd been accepted to west point , but only if i 'd agree to enter the military afterward . 
 how that was okay with me , because it 's had been my plan anyway . 
 and how my mother hates me now . 
 all of it comes out . 
 all of it . 
 jacey holds my hand and tears stream down her face as she listens to me rail and vent and swear . 
 years of disgust and bitterness flow out of me , all of it . 
 all . 
 of . 
 it . 
 even the parts that are directed at her . 
 `` you used me for years , '' i tell her angrily . 
 `` and i let you . 
 that 's on me . 
 because i always thought i was n't good enough . . 
 it 's something that 's embedded deep down -- so i always felt like that 's what i deserved . 
 to take and take and take . 
 well you know what ? 
 fuck that . 
 i do n't deserve that . '' 
 jacey grips my hand tighter . 
 `` no , you do n't deserve that , brand . 
 and you were always good enough . 
 always . 
 i was the one who was n't good enough for you . 
 your dad was ass ** le . 
 your mother is just as bad . 
 they f ** ked you up , but you 're stronger than they are . 
 you are . 
 you 're good and strong and loyal ... and you were more of a man when you were six than your father was ever . 
 you have to know that , brand . 
 you have to . '' 
 i 'm finally done railing . 
 i 'm limp and tired and exhausted . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do know that . 
 i 've spent my entire life trying to be good enough . 
 i think it 's time that i just ... that i just am . '' 
 jacey nods and holds me and i close my eyes for just a minute . 
 `` i did n't deserve for nora to leave in the middle of the night without even a conversation . 
 fuck her . '' 
 my eyes pop open and jacey is watching me , her face pale . 
 `` i 'm going to shower , '' i tell her as i get up . 
 and i walk away . 
 a minute later , though , jacey calls me . 
 i hesitate at my bedroom door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i call back . 
 `` i looked in the box . '' 
 her words are simple , her tone calm . 
 suddenly , i want to know . 
 what the f ** k did my father have to say ? 
 what could he possibly have to say to me ? 
 i stride back to the living room and find jacey standing over the shattered remains of the box . 
 she turns to look at me , her face pale , her eyes huge . 
 there , dangling from her fingers , is the old sliding lock from my sister 's bedroom door . 
 the paint is peeling from it , it 's old and it 's rusty , but it 's as familiar to me as my own hand . 
 if i close my eyes , i can still hear the sound it made when it slid into place every night before bed . 
 if i close my eyes , and imagine the sound , i also know something , something that i 've purposely not thought about over the years , but something i 've known since the night my sister died . 
 i did n't hear the lock slide into place that night . 
 it 's something i 've never told another living soul . 
 jacey stares at me . 
 i stare at the lock . 
 `` i knew my father did n't lock allison 's door that night , '' i finally say . 
 `` i knew . 
 i waited until he left for the bar , and i snuck downstairs for a snack , for some cookies . 
 i meant to lock the door when i went back to bed , but i forgot . 
 i walked right past and i forgot . 
 i laid in bed that night , staring out my window , staring at what i thought was a silver ball floating away in the water . '' 
 i pause , and the silence is pregnant as jacey waits . 
 `` it was n't a ball , '' i say starkly . 
 `` it was my sister . '' 
 jacey 's eyes widen a bit more , but she remains silent . 
 `` so all along , my parents were right . 
 i guess that 's why i always felt like i deserved whatever my father gave me , '' i admit , my words wooden . 
 `` i knew her door was n't locked and i forgot to do anything about it . 
 she 's dead and it 's as much my fault as it is anyone 's . '' 
 the guilt , the guilt that i 've carried my entire life feels like a weight now , a heavy weight , an albatross of iron around my neck . 
 i glance at jacey . 
 `` so now you know . 
 everyone has been right all along . 
 i 'm just not good enough . '' 
 there are tears streaking down jacey 's face now and she drops the lock . 
 it makes a heavy thump as it hits the floor and jacey rushes to me , burying her face in my chest as she cries . 
 but she 's not seeking comfort for once . 
 this time , she 's the one comforting me . 
 `` brand , you 're amazing . 
 so , so amazing . 
 you were six years old . 
 there 's no way that you could 've known that your sister would get up that night . 
 it was n't your responsibility to make sure that door was locked . 
 it was your parents . 
 people suck because they have to always find someone to blame for bad shit ... someone besides themselves . 
 you 've been carrying this guilt for too long ... and it 's not yours to carry . 
 it 's your father 's . 
 and i think ... maybe ... this was his way of saying that . '' 
 i look down at her and she wipes at her eyes . 
 `` look . '' 
 she points with a shaky hand at the inside of the wooden lid . 
 inscribed with perfect craftsmanship , the words stand out starkly . 
 it was me . 
 `` i think he 's finally trying to set you free . '' 
 the silence of the house is huge , reverent . 
 my father 's guilt is not my burden anymore . 
 *** because it stands a hundred yards away from the house , my father 's woodshop was undamaged in the fire . 
 this morning , i stand in the doorway , assessing it . 
 distracting myself from the massive hole that nora 's absence has left . 
 she 's gone . 
 i ca n't believe it , and i feel it in every part of me . 
 every cell in my body is in shock , every molecule screams with the pain . 
 fuck it . 
 i take a few steps inside , picking up half finished pieces of wood . 
 she 's gone because i 'm not enough for her . 
 i 'm not good enough . 
 the old feelings of inadequacy slam into me , again and again and i groan , slamming the wood in my hand into a table . 
 fuck her . 
 i begin picking up all of my father 's half-finished projects and taking them across the room , stacking them neatly in a corner . 
 i 'll discard them later . 
 it takes a few loads because my father had tons of projects . 
 but anything to keep my hands busy , anything to keep me from punching a million holes into the wall . 
 i pause and remember my father puttering around out here for hours on end . 
 i used to hear the saws and be thankful ... because it meant he probably would n't go to the bar that night . 
 and if he did n't go to the bar and get trashed , then i was safe from his wrath . 
 he only beat me when he was drunk . 
 as i reach for another handful of wood , i catch a glimpse of a red metal box sticking out from under the workbench . 
 bending , i pull it out , expecting to find tools . 
 but no . 
 inside the old toolbox , is a stack of papers . 
 newspapers , letters from west point , clippings . 
 all about me . 
 the old man had been keeping tabs on me over the years . 
 he knew i graduated from west point , he knew i 'd made the rangers , he knew i 'd been sent to afghanistan . 
 he even knew i 'd earned a purple heart . 
 he was too proud to contact me , but he cared enough to follow my life . 
 for a minute , my heart softens . 
 life really is n't black or white . 
 fuck life . 
 it 's a vengeful bitch . 
 i drop the box , stalk to the fridge in the corner and grab a beer . 
 my father 's got at least two cases left , chilled and ready for me . 
 on second thought , i turn and grab two more , and then head for the chair at his desk . 
 i put my feet up on the desk and lean my chair back , popping the top of beer number one . 
 the other two are lined up waiting for me . 
 yes , it 's not even noon yet . 
 no , i do n't give a flying f ** k . 
 it 's hot as hell in here , but i do n't care about that , either . 
 i just stare out the window as i gulp the cold brew down . 
 i do n't care about my father 's stash of newspaper clippings . 
 i do n't care about his f ** king box or the way he finally took ownership of his own guilt . 
 all i care about is nora . 
 why in the name of all that 's holy did i put myself in this position ? 
 i knew from the beginning that nora only wanted the summer . 
 that she only wanted me to fulfill some stupid f ** king high school fantasy . 
 i knew that . 
 yet i got sucked in anyway . 
 because i 'm a stupid f ** k and everything about her made me feel good . 
 well , f ** k that . 
 i 'm not feeling too good right now . 
 i crush the can and toss it to the side , picking up beer number two . 
 i crack the top . 
 `` you gon na sit out here and drink all day ? '' 
 jacey 's voice comes from behind me . 
 i take a gulp . 
 `` that 's the plan . '' 
 she walks softly around me , perching on the edge of the desk . 
 she 's still wearing shorts and flip-flops . 
 `` did n't you have a flight this morning ? '' 
 i ask her , taking another long gulp . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i did . 
 but i 'm not going to leave you now . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` uh-uh . 
 get on that plane , vincent . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 she shakes her head again . 
 `` nope . 
 you nursed me through five million break-ups . 
 i can be here for one . '' 
 i down the beer and reach for number three . 
 `` nope . 
 i honestly do n't want you here , jace . 
 i love you and all , but i think i need to be alone . 
 i 'm going to be an ass ** le for a few days . 
 you do n't need to be here for that . '' 
 she starts to protest , to tell me how she 's been a bitch around me before , yada , yada , yada , but i cut her short , leveling a gaze at her . 
 `` seriously , jacey . 
 i appreciate it . 
 but go back to your husband . 
 i need to be alone . '' 
 she opens her mouth , then closes it . 
 she stares at me for the longest time , before finally nodding . 
 `` i guess . 
 if that 's what you want . '' 
 she takes a few steps toward the door , then turns . 
 `` brand , one of the very best things about you is your heart . 
 you could 've turned out to be an ass ** le in life , because of all the shit you dealt with as a kid , but you did n't . 
 you turned out to be the absolute best man i know . 
 do n't let any of this change that . 
 please . '' 
 i snort , lifting can number three to my lips . 
 `` whatever , jace . 
 look where it got me . 
 nice guys finish last . 
 every . 
 fucking . 
 time . '' 
 i turn my back on her , looking out the window as i gulp the brew down . 
 at this rate , i very well might go through a case today . 
 and that 's fine . 
 i hear jacey behind me , lingering , trying to decide what to say . 
 it annoys the f ** k out of me . 
 `` just go , jacey , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` seriously . 
 have a safe flight . '' 
 she flies back to me , throwing herself at me , hugging me tight . 
 her arms clamp around my throat and i have to pry them off so i can breathe . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 she glances up at me , her eyes watery . 
 `` i 'm sorry she hurt you , brand . 
 it sucks . 
 i do n't know why she left , but you deserve to be happy . '' 
 i look away . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . 
 but you know what they say ... '' `` what do they say ? '' 
 a voice comes from the doorway , a voice with a french accent . 
 jesus . 
 do people not ever knock around here ? 
 camille greene stands elegantly in the woodshop , as out of place among the dust and wood shavings as maxwell had been on the porch . 
 she stares from jacey to me , curiosity in her blue eyes , at the way jacey is draped around my neck , but she does n't say anything else . 
 `` it does n't matter what they say , '' i mutter , and i gently push jacey off my lap . 
 i stare at her , my expression firm . 
 `` go back to the uk . 
 go be with your husband . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` fine . 
 but call me if you need me . '' 
 she takes a step , then two , then turns around . 
 `` i just have to say this one thing . 
 i do n't know her very well , but nora did n't look like someone who wanted to leave , brand . 
 i do n't know why else she would be leaving , but she did n't look like it was a choice she wanted to make . '' 
 this yanks my head up . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 jacey shakes her head . 
 `` i ca n't explain it . 
 it was just a look in her eyes . '' 
 a look in her eyes . 
 jesus . 
 leave it to a woman to say something like that . 
 jacey turns and walks past camille , who then steps further inside . 
 `` i did n't mean to intrude , '' she tells me elegantly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` how did you know to look for me in here ? '' 
 i ask her curiously . 
 she shrugs her slim shoulders . 
 `` you were n't at the other cottage , and i knew this was your parents ' . 
 so i came looking . '' 
 i stare at her , at her silk pantsuit and her perfectly coiffed hair , her jewels , her expensive taste . 
 `` why ? '' 
 my question is as stark as i feel . 
 she returns my gaze without flinching . 
 `` because i agree with your friend . 
 my daughter has run away , and i do n't think she wanted to . 
 and i need your help to get her back . '' 
 for just one second , i feel hope rise inside of me , but then i snort and turn away , because i remember why nora ran away . 
 `` she ran from me , '' i answer coldly , getting up and walking toward the fridge again . 
 i unload three more beers into my arms before i walk back . 
 `` because i 'm not what she wants , and she did n't want to be here anymore . 
 so i wo n't be of much help in finding her . '' 
 camille steps forward and puts her hand on my arm . 
 it 's slender and cool and i look at her . 
 her face is pained , worried . 
 from here , i can see that she 's tired . 
 like she did n't sleep much . 
 `` nora texted me in the middle of the night , '' camille continues , like i 'd not spoken at all . 
 `` it was very strange . 
 i know you know that all is not right in my family . 
 i feel like i can trust you ... that i can tell you this . '' 
 she draws in a big breath . 
 `` i told nora once that if william ever hurt her , to come to me instead of her father . 
 because there are things she does n't know . 
 maxwell is n't ... well , it does n't matter right now . 
 but what does matter is that she texted me last night . 
 this is what it said . '' 
 she pulls her phone from her purse , finds the text and hands it to me . 
 mom , you were right . 
 william is a monster . 
 but i 'm going to do something about it . 
 you might not see me for a while . 
 but i love you . 
 do n't worry . 
 either way , everything is finally going to be ok . 
 the words , so stark and formal , cut through me and send chills down my spine . 
 it does n't sound like nora at all ... unless she was desperate . 
 and she sounds desperate . 
 what the f ** k did i miss ? 
 `` what does she mean that she 's going to do something about it ? '' 
 camille asks me in a whisper , her forehead furrowed and her fingers gripping my arm . 
 `` what is she going to do ? '' 
 i shake my head slowly from side to side , trying to wrap my mind around the words . 
 `` i do n't know what happened . 
 she went to work yesterday ... said she had to meet her father to go over case files . 
 when she came back , she acted strange . '' 
 my voice trails off , but camille is already shaking her head . 
 `` she did n't meet maxwell yesterday . 
 he was at the house . 
 all day . '' 
 we look at each other and camille is already pulling out her phone . 
 she punches in a number , then waits . 
 `` hello ? 
 darleen ? 
 it 's camille . 
 darling , i ca n't get a hold of william . 
 is he traveling ? '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` he 's flying out of san francisco for dubai ? 
 on the company jet ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` okay . 
 is he the only traveler listed on the flight manifest ? '' 
 another pause , and her eyes meet mine . 
 `` okay . 
 well , i 'll just call nora then . 
 thank you , darleen . '' 
 she pushes end and i can see her finger shaking . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she looks at me again . 
 `` william and nora are taking the corporate jet to dubai this evening . 
 it was supposed to fly out this afternoon , but there 's been some sort of delay at the airport . 
 something about the flight patterns , etc. . 
 that 's not important . 
 the important thing is that nora is leaving with william . 
 there 's no reason that she would do that , unless somehow , he 's making her . '' 
 my stomach drops and the hair rises on the back of my neck as i remember the way william watched nora at the dinner party , at the way his eyes undressed her . 
 it gives me chills even now . 
 camille puts her hand on mine . 
 `` please . 
 i know you care about nora . 
 i know it because i can see it . 
 she did n't leave you willingly . 
 i feel it . 
 i know it . 
 william is an evil man . 
 nora is ... she feels trapped in her life , helpless to change it . 
 but i know things that can free her . 
 please . 
 she wo n't answer her phone . 
 can you help me get to her ? 
 i have a feeling she 's planning something ... dire . '' 
 the wording of her text is strange . 
 either way , everything is finally going to be ok . 
 either way what ? 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll help . 
 but san francisco is a big place . 
 we ca n't possibly know where they 'll be until their plane takes off . '' 
 camille shakes her head . 
 `` i know exactly where they 'll be . 
 san francisco is thirty minutes from nora 's apartment . 
 she kept it , even though her father told her to let it go . 
 she told me that she needed a place of her own , a place where she can be alone . 
 there is no good reason that she would take william to that apartment , but i know she is , even though she absolutely hates him . 
 even though she fears him . 
 darleen told me that william is already in california , far ahead of their departure time . 
 so what in the world is going on between now and this evening ? '' 
 camille 's voice is rushed and cold and afraid . 
 and i know she 's right . 
 we 've got to get there . 
 nora would never choose to be alone with william . 
 i know that as sure as i 'm breathing . 
 she 's been hiding something this week . 
 her attitude was fidgety , nervous , unsettled . 
 i did n't know why . 
 a sense of urgency presses against me , and my instincts roar to life , even through the haze of the beer . 
 something is very wrong and all she 'd said was it 's fine . 
 my instincts had been right . 
 she 's not fine . 
 she was lying . 
 i pull out my phone and try to call her , but it goes instantly to voicemail . 
 `` nora , call me when you get this . 
 it 's important . '' 
 i look at camille . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 she nods and takes my arm . 
 `` greene corp has a second jet at o'hare . 
 we can use it . '' 
 my heart pounds against my ribs as we tear down the road in camille 's mercedes . 
 adrenaline pumps through me and i realize something with a start . 
 the reason i 'm so devastated by nora 's leaving ... is because i love her . 
 when we get to her , whether she still wants to leave me or not , i have to tell her . 
 she needs to know , and i have to say the words . 
 i wanted to say them last night , and something held me back . 
 and if i ca n't get to her today , she 'll never know . 
 i 'll have to live knowing that the beautiful , seemingly confident girl who secretly feels worthless does n't know i love her ... she does n't know that she 's more valuable than anything on the face of the earth . 
 william greene had better pray to any god that will listen that he has n't harmed a hair on her head . 
 chapter twenty-six nora my blood is chilled in my veins as i open the door to my apartment and look around . 
 nothing is disturbed . 
 everything is exactly the way i left it when i packed for angel bay a few weeks ago . 
 the apartment is still cozy and neat and clean . 
 not fancy , but perfect for me . 
 it was all i needed when i went through law school . 
 i could 've lived here forever . 
 leaving my front door unlocked , i set my bag down by the kitchen table and sink into a chair , my head in my hands . 
 how has everything changed in so short a time ? 
 a few weeks ago , i knew what my life was going to be like and even though i hated it , i was resigned to doing it . 
 i 'm a greene , after all . 
 i do what it f ** king takes . 
 but then ... there was brand . 
 and everything changed . 
 i ca n't keep doing this . 
 i ca n't . 
 i square my shoulders . 
 my father has an iron-clad contract with my signature on it , tying me to him for the next twenty years . 
 william has information on brand that could ruin him ... and will ruin him if i do n't comply . 
 there 's only one thing that i can do to survive . 
 i have to take care of william and then run . 
 i 'll hide where my father can never find me . 
 it 's all i can do . 
 all of a sudden , i feel a strange calm come over me and i feel as though i 'm watching from afar , from outside of my body . 
 this is n't me , this is n't my life . 
 it 'll all be over soon . 
 one way or another . 
 i get up and calmly walk to the bedroom . 
 standing on my toes , i reach onto the top shelf of my closet and pull down a box . 
 inside , a silver 9mm gleams in the light . 
 i never thought i 'd have the balls to use it . 
 i never thought i could . 
 but oh , how things change . 
 i run my finger over the cold metal before i lift it from the box and load it . 
 very , very calmly , i take off my clothes and sit on my bed in only my black bra and panties . 
 in the middle of the bed , i tuck my legs beneath me , and wait . 
 it 'll all be over soon . 
 one way or another . 
 out the window , i watch the ocean . 
 it crashes against the shore , while sail boats and paddleboards ride the waves . 
 everyone out there is carefree and happy . 
 everyone out there is normal . 
 in here , i 'm tainted and twisted and used . 
 but it all ends today . 
 chapter twenty-seven brand i stare down at the wings of the plane , as we descend through the clouds and toward the ground . 
 i ca n't focus on anything , other than nora 's face the other night . 
 her eyes had been so wide , as she 'd looked at me in the dark . 
 as i 'd entered her , she 'd sighed so soft , and then whispered into my neck . 
 make me good , brand . 
 her words were so quiet that i do n't even know that she meant to speak . 
 but the words twist and turn in my heart right now . 
 make me good . 
 because she thinks she 's not . 
 she thinks she 's used . 
 unworthy . 
 because of whatever that f ** king ass ** le has done to her . 
 make me good , brand . 
 i grit my teeth and squirm in my seat . 
 i need to get to her . 
 now . 
 she 's everything good in the world . 
 she just does n't know it . 
 and i will f ** king annihilate him if he 's touched her . 
 he 'll beg for mercy . 
 and i will not give it to him . 
 chapter twenty-eight nora my spine is ram-rod straight as i wait . 
 as the clock ticks the minutes past . 
 the seconds . 
 the moments . 
 this summer , there just was n't enough time with brand . 
 it all ticked past so fast . 
 and now that i 've left him , the seconds are coming so slowly , passing like razor blades on my skin , achingly , wretchedly slow . 
 i can do this . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm brave . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 being brave does n't mean not being afraid , nora . 
 it means being afraid and doing it anyway . 
 the mere memory of brand 's voice , his words , makes me smile , warms my heart and buoys my resolve . 
 how dare william threaten him ? 
 i could 've cowered forever under threats toward me , but toward brand ? 
 that 's where they f ** ked up . 
 the front door opens . 
 i hear the latch , i hear the knob . 
 i lift my chin . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 i reach under the edge of the mattress , my fingertips reaching , feeling . 
 cool metal answers my question . 
 it 's there ... just within reach . 
 concealed and waiting . 
 it all ends today . 
 a polished loafer appears in my bedroom doorway , and i follow the legs up to the waist , up to the chest , up to the face where hardened brown eyes stare at me . 
 `` nora , '' my father says , a camera dangling from his hand . 
 `` i see you 're ready . '' 
 he eyes me , all of me , my bare legs , my br ** sts spilling from my bra , my bare skin , my arms , my face . 
 it 's all exposed . 
 for my father and my uncle . 
 my reality slams into me , hard and fast and ugly . 
 i 'm tainted . 
 i 'm used . 
 but it all ends today . 
 one more time . 
 one . 
 more . 
 time . 
 i unclench my teeth and lay back on the bed , spreading my legs the way they like . 
 `` a greene does what it takes , '' i tell my father coldly . 
 `` you taught me that . '' 
 my father nods , his gaze fixed on my crotch . 
 he snaps a picture , then two , then three . 
 `` starting without me ? '' 
 william steps in . 
 he 's already shed his clothes , probably in the living room , and he 's only wearing his underwear . 
 he 's pale , wrinkled , sagging . 
 my stomach turns , but i ignore it . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 `` take off your bra for your uncle , nora , '' my father tells me , with eyes like a predator . 
 `` you know what he likes . '' 
 the camera snaps . 
 again . 
 then again . 
 just like last time , my father stands in the corner , behind the camera , stroking himself while his brother gets off . 
 like last time , he 'll be careful to stay out of the photos . 
 he only takes them so that william can get off on them later . 
 william crawls onto the bed , on all fours , his white gut sagging to the sheets . 
 i pull my legs up , away from his skin , not wanting to touch him . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut , preparing . 
 i can do this . 
 i 'm f ** king brave . 
 `` open your eyes , nora , '' william breathes into my ear , his rank breath hot on my face . 
 `` i want to see you as i f ** k you . '' 
 he moves over me , hovering , positioning , and i reach to the side , beneath the edge of the mattress . 
 my fingers close around the cold steel . 
 that 's when i open my eyes . 
 and that 's when the breath freezes on my lips . 
 bursting through the doorway , with all the fury of hell in his eyes , is my avenging angel . 
 chapter twenty-nine brand rage settles down on me , like a cloud , like a shield , as i bellow my way into the room . 
 with one fist , i punch maxwell greene in the face , slamming him into the wall . 
 in one deft motion , i ram my boot into his dick , crushing it . 
 i leave him whimpering in a heap on the floor . 
 with one bound , i grab william by the neck and drag him from the bed , ramming his face into the wall , again , then again , then again . 
 i do n't see , i do n't hear , i do n't feel . 
 i just am . 
 i just am enraged . 
 i 'm a machine , intent on revenge , on protecting what is mine . 
 i punch william until his face is a wet pulp . 
 the anger pumps through my veins , pushing the rage through my heart , fueling me . 
 `` brand ! '' 
 nora 's voice breaks through the cloud and i pause , mid-punch , my fist frozen in the air . 
 i turn and she 's poised on the bed , a delicate waif , beautiful and haunting , and with a 9 mm pointed at william 's chest . 
 `` stand back , '' she tells me calmly , her voice cold and soft . 
 i drop william and step back , my eyes frozen on her face . 
 william is unconscious on the floor , blood spurting from his mouth , and gurgling in his nose . 
 maxwell moans from behind him , his hands clasped to his broken cock . 
 `` nora , '' i speak softly , my eyes trained only on her . 
 i see in her eyes that she means it . 
 she 's not aiming to maim . 
 she 's aiming to kill . 
 `` nora , i know you 're hurt . 
 what they 've done is unthinkable , but i do n't want their blood on your hands . 
 you do n't know what that 's like . 
 you do n't deserve to know what that 's like . 
 they ca n't hurt you now , nora . 
 we 'll call the police . 
 it will be over . '' 
 nora keeps the gun on william 's chest , but she looks at me , her eyes big and blue . 
 and cold . 
 `` brand , you do n't understand , '' she says simply . 
 `` i ca n't get away from them . 
 william will ruin you . 
 he knows about your past ... about assaulting your father and how the judge made you join the army . 
 he 's going to use that to bankrupt your company-because he knows people in washington . 
 and my father ... '' i speak up , trying as best i can to stay calm , to dissuade her . 
 `` nora , they ca n't ruin me . 
 i was always going to be a ranger . 
 it was my dream from the time i was a kid . 
 i wanted to protect people from evil like my father . 
 the judge knew that . 
 the judge saw the situation for what it was and gave me a break . 
 nora , they ca n't hurt me . '' 
 but she 's unmoved and her voice is filled with contempt . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 it does n't matter what the truth is . 
 william has connections in the pentagon who will believe whatever he tells them to . 
 if he wants to ruin you , he 'll ruin you . 
 and that 's not all . 
 i signed a contract that ties me to my father for twenty years . 
 i ca n't do that . 
 i just ca n't . 
 i 've got to end it today , brand . 
 it ends today . '' 
 her voice is so resigned that it sends my heart pounding into my throat , especially when i see her hand shaking . 
 she means to do it . 
 she means it . 
 i want to lunge and grab the gun from her , but i 'm too afraid she 'll hurt herself with it in the struggle . 
 i ca n't risk it . 
 i eye her carefully , thinking through my options , but then camille steps forward , her shocked and frozen face finally moving to speak . 
 `` my baby , '' she croons , edging toward the bed . 
 `` there 's so much that you need to know . 
 please ... put down the gun . 
 they ca n't hurt you now . 
 they ca n't . '' 
 nora shakes her head . 
 `` step back , maman . '' 
 but camille refuses . 
 `` nora , you need to know something ... something i 've never been strong enough to tell you . 
 look at me . '' 
 nora pauses , but does n't look at her mother . 
 she keeps the gun trained on william . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 camille 's tone is blunt . 
 `` nora , you 're not maxwell 's daughter . 
 your contract will be void , not that it ever mattered anyway . '' 
 this stops nora cold , something that finally breaks through her concentration . 
 she stares at her mother in confusion . 
 `` not his ? '' 
 she looks at the two bloody men . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 there 's the smallest tone of hope hidden among her confusion . 
 camille stares at her , with love and fear and apprehension . 
 `` you are n't a greene . 
 maxwell greene is not your father . 
 that means that the contract you signed , which named you as his daughter , is n't valid . 
 he ca n't keep you with him . 
 he ca n't force you to do anything ever again . '' 
 nora 's eyes fill and her lips shakes . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 how ... '' camille shakes her head . 
 `` we 'll talk about it more after you put the gun down , my love . 
 please . 
 just give brand the gun . 
 everything is going to be ok . 
 i promise . 
 it will be okay . '' 
 each second seems to last a year as i watch nora 's hand shake while she clenches the gun , as she finally turns her gaze toward her mother . 
 the cold , blank expression is gone , and instead , her eyes are filled with hope . 
 `` if you 're telling the truth ... then ... they are n't ... william is n't ... my uncle and ... '' a tear breaks rank and slides down her cheek . 
 `` i 'm not ... '' i speak up . 
 `` you 're not used , nora , '' i tell her quietly . 
 `` you never have been . 
 what they did to you was sick and wrong . 
 and we 'll send them to prison because that 's where they deserve to rot . '' 
 the gun shakes and drops to her side , and it 's finally safe for me to step forward , closing my hand around the barrel , and easing it out of her hand . 
 she rests against me , sinking into my arms , her head against my chest . 
 `` i hear your heart , '' she says slowly , and i know what she 's doing . 
 i 've done it a thousand times in combat . 
 she 's removing herself from the situation . 
 it 's something a person does to survive , to block out the ugliness , to keep it from overwhelming them . 
 `` it 's beating for you , '' i answer , holding her close . 
 `` only for you . '' 
 i turn to camille to tell her to call the police , but she 's already on the phone , speaking fast , pacing back and forth as she talks to a dispatcher . 
 i look down and find her shoes bloody . 
 nora looks up at me , her eyes cloudy , distant , removed . 
 `` you stand on a wall to protect what is yours . '' 
 her words are simple . 
 i nod . 
 `` you 're mine . '' 
 she closes her eyes and rests in my arms . 
 when the paramedics arrive , i refuse to let her go and carry her out to the ambulance myself . 
 chapter thirty nora i 'm afraid to wake up . 
 i 'm afraid that when i do , it will all have been a dream , and that it wo n't really be over . 
 i wo n't be free . 
 but i open my eyes , and find brand by my hospital bed . 
 he smiles , which is the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . 
 `` hey , '' he says huskily , in a voice devoid of sleep . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 i look down to find my hand in his , and i look at the clock to find that i 've been sleeping for almost twenty-four hours . 
 i blink , confused . 
 `` the doctors gave you a sedative , '' brand explains , seeing the questions in my eyes . 
 `` you 've been through a lot and you needed a chance to rest before you processed it . '' 
 `` you 've been here the whole time , '' i say it as a statement , not as a question . 
 because i already know . 
 i 've felt him here all along . 
 he nods . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 it was real . 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 `` you were all set to try and save yourself . 
 the gun ... jesus , nora . '' 
 he closes his eyes for a second , then re-opens them . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? 
 why did n't you trust me ? '' 
 i shake my head , clutching his hand . 
 `` it was n't about trusting you . 
 it was about ... being humiliated and entrapped and helpless . 
 i ca n't explain to you what it feels like to think that my own uncle and father ... made me ... i was too dirty for you , brand . 
 too tainted . 
 you could n't be with someone like me . '' 
 i ca n't go on and brand squeezes my hand , lifting my chin to make me look at him . 
 `` you are not dirty . 
 or used . 
 you were forced . 
 you did n't have a choice . 
 but now they wo n't have a choice either . 
 they 're going to prison . 
 they can never hurt you again . 
 and that was n't your father . 
 or your uncle . '' 
 it 's like he knows . 
 he knows that it makes such a difference . 
 yes , i was still raped . 
 but at least i was n't raped by my own blood . 
 `` who am i ? '' 
 i ask him softly , staring into his blue , blue eyes . 
 `` if i 'm not a greene , who am i ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 your mom will be back up here shortly , she just left for some coffee . 
 she has all the answers , nora . 
 but i can tell you this . 
 it does n't matter to me who you are . 
 because i already know . 
 you 're beautiful and smart and brave . 
 and i love you . 
 i love all of you , no matter what your last name is . '' 
 i suck in a breath and the tears start to fall , streaking hotly down my face , dripping onto my hospital gown . 
 `` i love you too , '' i choke , pressing my face into him , squeezing my eyes closed . 
 this ca n't be real . 
 this ca n't be . 
 but it is . 
 brand killien loves me . 
 he strokes my back , his hands running over my shoulder blade . 
 he pulls my face up into his hands and looks into my eyes . 
 `` you will not sink , nora , '' he tells me firmly . 
 `` you 've been tossed by the waves , but you will not sink . 
 no matter what . '' 
 my tattoo . 
 fluctuat nec mergitur . 
 he looked up the meaning . 
 i smile through my tears and nod . 
 i wo n't sink . 
 i wo n't . 
 `` ma belle fille , '' my mother says softly from the doorway . 
 i look up , but brand does n't let go . 
 i stay clutched to his chest because there 's no place i 'd rather be . 
 i wo n't sink because brand is my anchor . 
 he holds me steady . 
 `` can you explain ? '' 
 i ask simply . 
 my mother nods , setting down her coffee and easing herself into the chair by the edge of the bed . 
 `` it 's very simple , really , '' she says sadly . 
 `` your father ... maxwell , i mean , has been twisted for a very long time . 
 he and william ... they 're an unnatural , hateful pair . 
 i realized it soon after we were married . 
 but i was from france , you see . 
 and after your brother was born , maxwell knew that he had me no matter what . 
 i knew what he and william were doing together ... but i could n't stop it and i could n't leave , because maxwell threatened to divorce me , have me extradited and then he 'd keep nate from me . 
 it was ... torturous . '' 
 a tear slips down her delicate cheek and even though i should be furious at her for keeping all of this from me , i ca n't bring myself to that . 
 she 's suffered , too . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 my mother drops her eyes . 
 `` because as long as you were a minor , you were trapped with your father . 
 if he had me extradited , you 'd have been alone with him . 
 i could n't allow that . 
 and if i told you , i was afraid that you 'd play that hand in an effort to get away from him . 
 and he 'd never have allowed that without a fight . 
 not after grooming you for so long to be a greene . 
 i was too afraid of what he would do . '' 
 `` who is my father ? '' 
 i ask simply . 
 she looks up , and she smiles a watery smile . 
 `` can you not guess ? 
 did you really never suspect ? '' 
 i close my eyes and race through my childhood memories and one face comes up in them more often than any other . 
 strong hands lifting me onto my horse , strong arms carrying me through the gardens , sharing his lunch , twinkling blue eyes that greeted me every day ... and always the warmth . 
 he was always happy to see me , always happy to be near me . 
 `` julian , '' i breathe . 
 brand cocks his head , questioning . 
 `` our gardener , '' i remind him quickly . 
 `` but he 's more than a gardener . 
 he took care of our house , our horses , me ... '' i turn to my mother . 
 `` but how ... and ... i just do n't understand . '' 
 my mother smiles . 
 `` julian is from home , '' she tells me . 
 `` you already knew he was french too . 
 i loved him when i was young , but then i was wild and carefree and came to america for adventure . 
 that 's when i met and married maxwell ... he needed a normal family to cover up his twisted side . 
 i did n't know that , though , at first . 
 we were n't long into our marriage when i discovered what he was . 
 but i was trapped . 
 and julian came to save me . 
 i could n't leave ... i could n't leave nate . 
 so julian stayed with me . 
 always with me . 
 and then of course , you were born , and he had even more to stay for . '' 
 her voice drifts off and she stares out the window , lost in her memories . 
 `` but you ... you can leave now , '' i point out . 
 she nods . 
 `` i can . 
 i can do anything i 'd like ... because maxwell will go to prison . 
 i 've already called my attorney . 
 i 'll be divorcing him immediately . 
 all will be well , nora . 
 finally . '' 
 i feel brand staring at me , and i look up , into the ocean blue eyes that i love . 
 all will be well . 
 chapter thirty-one nora i cling to brand , my arms wrapped around his strong waist as we fly down the highway that hugs the lake , on the back of his grandfather 's triumph . 
 the wind whips my hair behind me and carries the scent of the lake , of the water and the sun , of brand . 
 and there 's no place i 'd rather be . 
 `` you ready to stop for lunch ? '' 
 brand calls back to me . 
 `` sure , '' i answer in his ear . 
 he pulls to the side , to the little lookout i 'd brought him to so many weeks ago , back when he was still limping , back before he was really mine . 
 we crawl off the bike , take off our helmets , and he digs out sandwiches from a pouch on the back . 
 as we eat at the picnic table , i prop my legs on his lap and he stares at me thoughtfully , the corners of his eyes turning up . 
 `` tell me again what you said to maxwell yesterday , '' he tells me . 
 `` when he called you from the jail and asked you to show leniency , to intervene on his behalf with the prosecutor ? '' 
 i inhale , exhale , then smile . 
 because it had felt really damn good . 
 `` i told him that prison is waiting for him . 
 and that i 've heard prison life is hard for pansy-asses like him , so it 's a good thing he 's a greene . 
 he can do what it takes . '' 
 brand smiles , a smile full of pride and humor and sadness . 
 `` you 're badass , '' he tells me with pride . 
 `` remind me never , ever to f ** k with you . '' 
 `` do n't you forget it , '' i answer , putting all thoughts of maxwell and william greene out of my head . 
 i 'm only focusing on the future now . 
 `` what will you do with your parent 's house ? 
 i mean , now that everything is over . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i think i 'll just sell the land . 
 i do n't want it . '' 
 i can understand why . 
 in the weeks since he signed over everything to his mother , she has n't bothered to contact him . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 brand asks softly , reaching up with a large hand to tuck my windblown hair behind my ear . 
 `` your mother will get everything at greene corp. . 
 she said she 's going to divide it between you and nate ... you 'll be rich , nora . 
 in your own right . 
 not working for your father , not under anyone 's thumb . 
 you can do anything you want . '' 
 i nod slowly , staring out at the lake . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's a crazy feeling . 
 for as long as i remember , i 've been told what i want : to grow up , be a good greene and head up the legal team for the company . 
 but now , i can figure out what i want to do . 
 i can use my degree , or use maxwell 's money to get another degree so that i can do something i actually want to do . 
 or we can travel the world . 
 the possibilities are endless . '' 
 i turn back to look at him and he stares down at me , his expression thoughtful . 
 i focus on the cleft in his chin . 
 that lovely , adorable , sexy cleft . 
 i reach up and place my thumb in it , where it fits perfectly . 
 `` we fit , '' i tell him . 
 he rolls his eyes and captures my hand in his . 
 `` in more ways than one , '' he answers . 
 i blush at that connotation , when i remember how well he 'd fit inside of me last night , as we 'd rocked together , over and over and over . 
 we fit . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was n't there when you looked in the box , '' i tell him suddenly , because the guilt comes back again . 
 it 's been two weeks , and i still feel awful that i left him , that i made him feel not good enough , when he 's better than anyone i know . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i 'm ok . 
 really . '' 
 i reach into the pocket of his jacket , where i know i 'll find the lock . 
 he 's been keeping it there for weeks . 
 i pull it out and stare at it , as i turn it over and over in my hands . 
 `` i 'm glad he finally admitted his own guilt , '' i say simply . 
 `` you deserve that . '' 
 brand shrugs again , his eyes guarded as he looks out across the water . 
 `` i think i can honestly finally say that i do n't care . 
 i am free . 
 i 'll always miss my sister , but her death was n't my fault . 
 i know that now . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you see that , '' i tell him . 
 and i mean it . 
 i 'm so freaking glad . 
 i know what it 's like to carry guilt for something you ca n't control . 
 i do n't want that for brand . 
 i snuggle into his side , absorbing his warmth , soaking him in . 
 `` tell me about her . '' 
 `` about alison ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` well , she was only four . 
 but she was bubbly and happy all the time . 
 she followed me everywhere . 
 and being the six year-old boy that i was , i 'm sure i was n't always the most patient with her , but i did love her . 
 i 'll always miss the sister she would 've become and i 'll always wonder who she would 've been . '' 
 my belly tightens , because of all of it ... because alison deserved to grow up and because brand deserved to have a sister who was his best friend , someone to talk to about girls and confide in and torment and tease . 
 he did n't get that . 
 but he did get me . 
 it 's not the same , i know . 
 but i 'll be his best friend , and his confidante , and i 'll never leave him again . 
 brand takes the lock from my hands and stands up . 
 he gazes out at the lake , and i see where he 's staring . 
 from here , there is a perfect view of the buoy , the f ** king weathered buoy that has taunted him most of his life . 
 with perfectly strong steps , brand strides down the path to the beach , stopping when his toes hit the water . 
 with one quick movement , he hurls the lock out over the lake . 
 with laser precision , it hits the bell on the buoy before it bounces into the water and immediately sinks below the surface . 
 for a moment , the sound of the bell echoes down the beach , haunting and eerie . 
 brand climbs the hill and stands in front of me , a strange grin on his face . 
 `` i rang the f ** king bell . '' 
 i smile and shake my head . 
 `` yeah , you did . '' 
 and all of a sudden , the air around us is lighter and i know why . 
 because it 's gone . 
 all of it ... the guilt , the hate , the bitterness ... all of it is gone . 
 i press myself into brand 's arms , enjoying the way they wrap around me and hold me close , the way all is right in the world when i 'm here , the way he loves me . 
 the way he 's mine . 
 i stand on a wall to protect what is mine . 
 i 'm his and he 's mine . 
 it 's the way it 's meant to be . 
 we 'll protect each other forever , for the rest of our lives . 
 no matter what . 
 *** brand nora and i ride the old triumph for hours , and i enjoy everything about it . 
 i enjoy knowing that my grandpa had once ridden this very bike . 
 i enjoy the way nora wraps herself around me , trusting me to keep her safe . 
 i enjoy the wind and the sun and the sky that is so vast and huge and everywhere . 
 we ride for hours until we finally ride home , to gabe 's little cottage . 
 as we get ready for bed , i look at nora . 
 she stands in front of the window , bathed in the silvery light of the moon , and i know that she 's everything i 'll ever want . 
 she 's more than i ever knew i deserved and then some . 
 she 's beautiful . 
 and she 's mine . 
 looking up , she catches me looking at her and smiles . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i shake my head as i turn back the covers of the bed . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 we climb into bed , tumbling into each other 's arms , the way we have for weeks , as if turning to each other in the dark will keep all of the ugliness away . 
 because you know what ? 
 it does . 
 it really does . 
 nora strokes my face , letting her fingers slide down my cheek , until her fingertip presses into the cleft on my chin . 
 we fit , brand . 
 `` we 've got to get back to reality , '' she tells me regretfully . 
 `` i 've got to get to know julian as my father . 
 you 've got to figure out what to do with your parents ' house , then we 've got to decide where to live . '' 
 i stare at her in the dark . 
 `` we should probably decide where to live first , before we do anything else . '' 
 she smirks . 
 `` smart ass . 
 fine . 
 where do you want to live ? '' 
 i 'm quiet for a minute as i ponder that and for the life of me , i do n't care . 
 `` i do n't care where we live , '' i tell her honestly . 
 `` i just want you with me . 
 we can live in california by the ocean , we can live in the countryside in france , we can live in the city in chicago or new york ... it does n't matter . 
 i just want you with me . '' 
 nora stares up at me , her full lip quivering . 
 `` agreed , '' she answers softly . 
 `` you 're home to me , brand . '' 
 a lump forms in my throat , and i try to swallow around it , as i think of every f ** king thing that has happened over the past couple of years . 
 `` it 's funny how things work out , '' i muse aloud . 
 `` two years ago , i thought my world was ending , that nothing would be ok again . 
 but everything happens for a reason . 
 all of those twisted paths in my life led me to where i 'm meant to be ... which is right here . '' 
 `` with me , '' nora sighs happily , squirming closer . 
 `` yeah , '' i agree . 
 `` with you . '' 
 `` before we fall , we fly , brand , '' she reminds me softly , tracing the tattoo on my forearm . 
 `` your gran was right . '' 
 `` she was right about a lot of things , '' i answer , as i flip her over and hover above her . 
 nora raises an eyebrow . 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` well , you 've got to take life by the balls and shake it as hard as you can . '' 
 she giggles and leans up to kiss my neck . 
 `` your gran said that ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 you 'd like her . '' 
 `` we need to go visit . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agree . 
 `` we do . 
 she 'd like you , too . '' 
 `` what else was she right about ? '' 
 i stare into nora 's eyes , long and hard . 
 `` well , she was right about one other thing . 
 the best things in life are worth fighting for . '' 
 nora sighs a shaky sigh and puts her head against my chest , closing her eyes . 
 after a minute , she opens them again . 
 `` i can still hear your heart . '' 
 i smile in the night . 
 `` i should hope so . 
 it 's yours . '' 
 nora grabs my face and pulls it to hers , kissing me as soundly as i 've ever been kissed , soft then hard , then harder . 
 her hand trails over my chest , over my hips , down to where i 'm hard for her . 
 `` make me yours , brand , '' she breathes . 
 i smile . 
 `` gladly . '' 
 epilogue one year later brand gabe meets us at the door of the nursing home , his face drawn and grim . 
 `` dude , i 'm sorry we had to call you home from your honeymoon . 
 we all knew it was coming , but ... '' i shake my head and clasp his hand tightly . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i would 've been pissed if you had n't called . '' 
 nora walks beside me , her slender hand on my back . 
 when we 'd gotten the call , she had n't even hesitated , she 'd just started packing our bags . 
 `` we have to go , brand , '' she 'd said . 
 i 've never loved her more . 
 we flew nonstop through the night , and when we landed , we found out , with relief , that we were n't too late . 
 gran was still holding on . 
 `` she 's waiting to talk to you , '' gabe tells me as we walk down the halls . 
 it smells like medicine here . 
 and ben gay . 
 and quilts . 
 i nod . 
 `` it does n't surprise me . 
 gran has always done things her way . 
 she 'll die her way , too . '' 
 `` hell yeah , she will , '' gabe agrees . 
 i 'm surprised at the knot that is still in my throat . 
 i have n't been able to swallow it , not since we got the call and jumped on the plane . 
 the very idea that the world is going to lose such an amazing person is sobering . 
 i take a deep breath as i face her closed door , as i stare at her nameplate . 
 helen vincent . 
 there 's no use putting it off . 
 it wo n't change a thing . 
 she 's going to die whether i 'm at her side , or not . 
 but i need to be there , like she 's been for me all of these years . 
 we step into her room and find jacey sitting next to the bed , holding gran 's wrinkled hand . 
 gran 's eyes are closed , but when she hears my voice , she opens them and smiles tiredly up at me . 
 `` it took you long enough , '' she complains good-naturedly and everyone laughs . 
 they laugh through their tears because it 's very , very evident that this strong woman has grown weak . 
 her body is limp , her smile is tired . 
 it wo n't be long . 
 a chill runs down my spine as i sit on the bed and pick up the hand that jacey had just put down . 
 gran has been well loved . 
 i know that . 
 and i know its time . 
 she 's ready to rest . 
 `` you know me , '' i finally answer . 
 `` i 'm always running late . '' 
 `` not for long , '' gran tells me , her little hand squeezing mine . 
 `` you 've got a wife now to keep you in line . '' 
 she closes her eyes again , and i watch the rise and fall of her chest beneath the sheets . 
 she 's so small , so frail . 
 it 's hard to believe that i once thought of her as big . 
 she 's child-sized now . 
 jacey catches my gaze from across the room . 
 it wo n't be long , she mouths . 
 i nod . 
 i know . 
 jacey looks as tired as gabe , as though they have n't slept in days . 
 behind her , dominic sleeps in the chair by the window , here to share this moment with jacey , to support her . 
 just like nora is here for me . 
 everything is how it should be . 
 `` where 's maddy ? '' 
 i ask gabe . 
 he nods his head toward the door . 
 `` she took eli outside to run some energy off . 
 she 'll be back shortly . '' 
 gran opens her eyes at that . 
 `` that boy looks just like you , gabriel , '' she croaks . 
 `` he 'll be twice as ornery , too , if god believes in payback . '' 
 gabe smiles and holds a cup of water to her mouth , pushing the straw between her lips . 
 gran stares up at me . 
 `` can you believe this ? 
 they treat me like an invalid here . '' 
 everyone laughs and she takes the cup in her own hands , taking a sip . 
 she hands it back , then settles into the blankets , folding her hands on her chest . 
 `` i did so want to see everyone , '' she murmurs . 
 my chest tightens and i pat her hands , not quite sure what to do . 
 `` i wanted to see your face before i went to sleep , branden , '' she continues . 
 `` you 're as much mine as these two are . '' 
 my chest tightens even more . 
 i bend down and brush a kiss across her forehead . 
 she smells like lavender and sunshine , the way she always has . 
 `` you 're mine , too , '' i tell her , my voice cracking . 
 `` gran , i want to say thank you ... for everything . 
 for always taking care of me , for all of the advice ... for giving me a home . '' 
 she smiles now , again , without opening her eyes . 
 `` nora is your home now , '' she tells me softly , so softly i have to bend to hear her . 
 `` you 're flying , branden . 
 you 're finally flying . '' 
 i literally have to turn away , to steel myself so that i do n't sob like a baby right here in front of god and everyone . 
 but i glance up and find that gabe 's eyes are watery too , and jacey is crying softly as well . 
 all of a sudden , though , gran 's eyes fly open and she stares at a spot on the wall , above our heads , as intent and rapt as she can be . 
 `` olen ! '' 
 she exclaims , and she reaches out her arms . 
 `` wait for me . 
 do n't leave . '' 
 i stare in shock as she smiles at someone we ca n't see , a sigh escaping from her lips , as though she 's finally somewhere she desperately wants to be . 
 as though she 's finally home . 
 and then , then ... she turns to me , her eyes glazed and happy and distant . 
 `` your sister is there , branden . 
 i see her . 
 she 's safe and sound . 
 do n't you worry , i 'll take care of her for you . '' 
 then , without pageantry or fanfare , the wisest and kindest woman the world has ever known closes her eyes . 
 i watch her chest shudder to a stop , and i know she 'll never open her eyes again . 
 she 's gone . 
 the world seems frozen as i drop my head into my hands and cry with abandon . 
 i hear the sobs of everyone else , then nora 's hands are on my back , and gabe 's voice breaks through my sorrow . 
 `` brand ? '' 
 i look up at him , my eyes red and hot . 
 `` i never told gran about your sister . '' 
 the entire room is completely still , absolutely frozen , as they wait for my answer . 
 `` neither did i. '' nora gasps and her eyes meet mine , and a strange peace suddenly filters down around me , like a blanket . 
 like a shield . 
 i smile and pull my wife close . 
 looking out the window , i find that the sun is breaking through the clouds , shining for all the world like the angels are singing , welcoming gran home . 
 all is well . 
 the end 
