 chapter one - jenna may `` no sex before the wedding . 
 for me and trick . 
 or for you and rusty , '' cami says . 
 with my mouth hanging open , i watch her unpack her suitcase . 
 she 's staying with me during this ridiculous celibacy thing she 's insisting she and trick observe the last couple of days before the wedding . 
 she said nothing about dragging my libido into it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i exclaim as she crams some shorts in beside the few belongings i brought home for the month . 
 having just graduated college , i did n't pack much . 
 i did n't think there was a need . 
 now , seeing all the crap cami travels with , i 'm glad i did n't . 
 there 's not enough room for both of us in here . 
 `` no sex for me either ? 
 what the hell kind of twisted joke is this ? '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` i knew you 'd love it . '' 
 `` um , excuse me . 
 have you met me ? '' 
 `` i knew you 'd love it ... when i told you how good it would be for the boys . 
 i read an article about the benefits of anticipation . 
 sexually speaking . 
 but then i started thinking about how much it would make the guys miss us if we were n't so ... accessible . 
 how much more they 'd appreciate us , and how they 'd realize how lucky they are to have us . '' 
 cami nods her head slowly , meaningfully until i see what she 's getting at . 
 `` ohhh , i think i see where this is going . '' 
 cami grins . 
 `` that does n't mean we ca n't tease them . 
 and make them wish we were more ... available . 
 we just wo n't be . 
 until after the wedding . '' 
 `` riiight , '' i say , nodding along now . 
 `` but you have to stick with it , jenna . 
 no caving . '' 
 i 'm already recognizing the merit of her plan and how it could lead to very good things for me and rusty . 
 `` no caving , '' i agree . 
 `` unless rusty finally drops the l bomb . 
 if that happens , i 'll be on him like stink on shit . '' 
 cami wrinkles her nose as she eyes me . 
 `` okay , bad analogy . 
 i 'll be on him like a cheap suit . 
 better ? '' 
 her brow smoothes . 
 `` much . '' 
 she reaches into her suitcase and takes out more clothes , these on hangers . 
 she walks to the closet and begins hanging them on the empty half of the rod . 
 `` so , still no progress on that front ? '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` no . 
 i know he loves me . 
 well , at least i think he does , but it 's like he 's blocked when it comes to this stuff . 
 he just wo n't break down and tell me . '' 
 `` well , as long as you know ... '' i feel a pout come to my lips and i ca n't seem to stop it . 
 `` but it 's not enough . 
 i need to hear it . 
 i need to know for sure , beyond the shadow of a doubt . '' 
 `` some guys just are n't the type to spill their guts like that , jenna . '' 
 i plop down on the bed , shoulders slumping forward as i pick at the bedspread . 
 `` i know . 
 but i hope rusty 's not one of them . 
 you know how i am , cami . 
 i tell it like it is . 
 i do n't think i could live my life always wondering if maybe i was wrong , if maybe i 'd imagined it and he really does n't love me . 
 not the way he should anyway . 
 i do n't want to make plans for my future , plans that include him , and - '' cami 's gasp interrupts me . 
 `` does that mean you got the interviews ? '' 
 i ca n't help but smile . 
 `` yep . 
 both of 'em . '' 
 `` jenna , that 's awesome ! 
 ohmigod , this is just what you wanted . '' 
 `` i know , but you see why this is stressing me out ? 
 i do n't want to make plans for my future until i know where rusty stands . 
 i mean , he already thinks i 'm the leaving kind and this will just make it seem like he 's right . '' 
 `` the leaving kind ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's always teasing me about being too restless for this town , about having plans that are too big for this town . 
 i 've never tried to hide how much i hate it here or how i want to live in a bigger city . 
 maybe atlanta . 
 but sometimes , i think he sees us as ... temporary because of it . 
 he thinks i 'm some sort of wild child that will never settle down . '' 
 `` you are a wild child , jenna . 
 but that 's not a bad thing . 
 it 's who you are . 
 it 's what makes us all love you so much . '' 
 `` but that does n't mean that i 'm gon na bail on someone i love . '' 
 `` no , it does n't . 
 and i 'm sure rusty knows that . 
 deep down . '' 
 `` that 's the problem . 
 i 'm not sure that he does . 
 his dad abandoned him and his mom when he was little and i think it effed up his head . '' 
 cami shrugs . 
 `` maybe , but he can overcome that . 
 you can show him that you 're here to stay . 
 with him , i mean . '' 
 i sigh again . 
 `` that 's what i 'm trying to do . 
 but sometimes i 'm just not sure it will ever be enough . 
 maybe it 's rusty who 's the leaving kind . 
 maybe his fear will always keep him from committing , from loving someone like he should . 
 like he could . 
 but that 's the thing-i need to know so i can move forward , one way or the other . 
 but i 'm scared shitless to tell him about the interviews . 
 what if it makes up his mind for him ? 
 what if he thinks it 's me saying i 'm leaving him and not just this town ? 
 what if - '' `` he 'll come around for you , jenna , '' cami interrupts as she finishes hanging her clothes . 
 when they 're all neatly arranged in my closet , she comes to sit on the bed with me , bumping me with her shoulder until i look over at her . 
 `` for you . 
 trust me . 
 that boy loves you , no matter how much he might try to deny it . 
 just give him time . '' 
 `` i 'm trying . 
 i 'm trying . '' 
 `` see ? 
 my plan is a good one . 
 maybe he 'll realize that he ca n't live without you . 
 that he does n't even want to try . '' 
 `` i was hoping he would see that during one of the many , many weeks we were apart while i was at school , but it 's not looking like he did . '' 
 cami pats my knee . 
 `` but now you 're back home . 
 and school is over . 
 maybe he 'll see how much he likes having you around . 
 and how awful it would be if you got a job in atlanta and did n't get to come back here as much as you did during school . '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 i ca n't wait forever . '' 
 `` you wo n't have to . 
 i promise . '' 
 i just hope she 's right . 
 shaking off the depressing thoughts that are threatening to infringe on my bestie 's good mood , i hop off the bed and pull cami up with me . 
 `` come on , old wise one , i 'd say fab dad has something delectable waiting for us in the kitchen . '' 
 we 've both referred to my father as `` fab dad '' for as long as i can remember . 
 `` god , i wish my dad cooked like yours . 
 and was as sweet as yours . '' 
 `` but then he would n't be jack hines , now would he ? '' 
 cami sighs . 
 `` no . 
 and god forbid i have even one family relationship that does n't give me indigestion for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` you and trick are too perfect . 
 god gave you drama everywhere else to even the playing field . 
 no one 's life is perfect . 
 yours was just getting too damn close , '' i offer as we walk into the kitchen . 
 `` language , young lady , '' my dad , cris theopolis , scolds from the other side of the island . 
 `` sorry , father , '' i respond formally in jest . 
 `` so , '' he begins conversationally as he piles a heap of french toast and bacon onto two plates , `` what are my two favorite girls up to today ? '' 
 i watch as he drizzles his homemade peach syrup over the toast . 
 my mouth waters accordingly . 
 `` oh , just girl stuff . 
 wedding stuff . 
 you know , fun stuff . '' 
 `` this 'll be good for jenna , cami , '' dad says as he slides a plate in front of her . 
 `` maybe it 'll make her want to settle down and give her old man some grandkids . '' 
 `` you 're not old enough for grandchildren , daddy . '' 
 `` of course i am . '' 
 `` you do n't look it . '' 
 `` if you 're sucking up , you 're off to a particularly good start . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i got your stunningly youthful genes and a winning personality . '' 
 `` let 's not forget a double dose of humility , '' my father says wryly . 
 `` how could i forget that ? '' 
 `` how indeed , '' he says with a roll of his eyes . 
 `` well , this ought to give you girls enough energy to tackle any amount of wedding hoopla , so eat up . '' 
 i glance over at cami . 
 she 's already put away a piece and a half of toast . 
 `` you do n't have to ask us twice . '' 
 dad winks at me and leans across the island to scrub my head , like he 's done for as long as i can remember . 
 he 's one of the best things about coming home . 
 this town is n't exactly my favorite place , but there are a few positives . 
 and two of them are in the room with me right now . 
 if it were n't for them , and rusty , of course , i 'd probably never come back . 
 rusty , i think with an internal sigh as i take a bite of toast . 
 the wild card in my future . 
 chapter two - rusty `` who the hell came up with this piss-poor idea ? '' 
 i ask . 
 trick pops his head up from under the hood of a '67 chevy truck . 
 `` it 's hard to say . 
 my money would be on jenna . 
 this sounds like some wicked plan of hers , do n't you think ? '' 
 giving it a few seconds ' thought , i have to agree . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 she probably read in some magazine or something that it would make sex better or some such bullshit . '' 
 `` that sounds like jenna . 
 and , while i 'm all about great sex , i can tell you right now that this is needless on my part . 
 i do n't think it 's possible for our sex life to get any better . '' 
 `` same here . 
 jenna 's a damn hellcat in bed . '' 
 trick laughs . 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 i kinda get that impression . '' 
 `` right . 
 so what the hell ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 they 're women . 
 i do n't think god himself understands what they do sometimes . '' 
 `` duuude , '' i say , holding out my fist for trick to bump . 
 and he does . 
 `` could n't agree more . '' 
 `` of course , maybe jenna wants to show you what you 're missing . 
 you know , since you 're a pansy about telling her how you feel . '' 
 `` i 'm not a pansy , you prick ! 
 jenna and i are on the same page . 
 we both know she 's not the kind to stay around here . '' 
 `` no , she 's not , but you always wanted to open up a garage somewhere near a bigger city so you could do high-end classic restorations . 
 so what 's the problem ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` there 's no problem . 
 jenna 's restless . 
 it is what it is . 
 sometimes people leave , no matter how much you want them to stay . 
 trust me , jenna knows the score . '' 
 `` man , i think you do n't know that girl half as well as you think you do . 
 that or you 're just trying to lose her . '' 
 `` now , why would i want to do that ? '' 
 `` hell if i know . 
 you 're the one with the issues . '' 
 `` issues ? 
 kiss my ass . 
 i do n't have issues . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 it 's perfectly normal for a guy to be so much of a pu ** y about telling a woman how he feels , that he dicks around until he loses her . '' 
 `` actually , that probably is perfectly normal . 
 that shit comes with having balls . '' 
 `` or not having balls . '' 
 `` god , you 're ornery this morning . 
 what 's your deal ? '' 
 `` you think i 'm looking forward to sleeping alone just because your girlfriend thought it would be a cool experiment ? '' 
 `` hey , we still do n't know whose brainchild this was . 
 do n't blame my girlfriend . 
 it was probably your fiancee . 
 you are getting married in a couple of days after all . 
 maybe there 's some kind of ancient superstition that cami read about . '' 
 trick raises his head again . 
 `` why are we still talking about this ? '' 
 `` because i 've got blue balls already , that 's why . '' 
 trick quirks one eyebrow . 
 `` well , then we 'll just have to make them suffer until they come begging for this stupid thing to be over . '' 
 my grin is slow and i can see it reflected on my best friend 's face . 
 `` oh , hell yeah we will . '' 
 i like the sound of this already . 
 chapter three - jenna i ca n't wait for rusty to see what i 'm wearing . 
 i dressed specifically with torturing him in mind . 
 cami and i made all kinds of salads and desserts this morning to bring to her house for the cookout slash bridal shower . 
 it 's an unconventional event , but she wanted trick to participate in everything with her . 
 therefore , the bridal shower now includes the groom , and tomorrow night 's bachelorette party will include the bachelors . 
 crazy as hell if you ask me . 
 but she did n't . 
 she wants trick around for all of it , and who am i to try to talk her out of it ? 
 besides , she did let me plan the bachelorette party . 
 that alone was worth a thousand other compromises . 
 there are already a dozen cars parked along the side of the road leading to cami 's house , but someone put a saw horse on the side of the driveway where she usually parks . 
 my guess is it was trick , saving a spot for his fiancee . 
 i wo n't deny that it makes me a little green , what they have . 
 i want it for myself . 
 with rusty . 
 if he ever gets to that point . 
 and that 's a big if . 
 i get out and move the saw horse so cami can pull in . 
 we waste no time in loading up our arms and taking all the foil-wrapped dishes straight down into the back yard . 
 i look around as we walk , but rusty is nowhere to be found . 
 he and trick must be doing some manly stuff inside . 
 whatever that may be . 
 if i had to guess , i 'd say it involves them pounding beer somewhere in the house . 
 cami and i are setting dishes on one long , cloth-covered table when i see the patio door open and trick emerge . 
 i know rusty wo n't be far behind . 
 and he 's not . 
 he comes out next , holding a beer just like trick . 
 they 're both laughing at something . 
 i turn to face him and wait for his eyes to find me . 
 when they do , i feel the warmth of the bright blue orbs and i smile when he stops dead in his tracks . 
 even from this distance , i can tell exactly where they are on my body . 
 he starts at my feet , taking in my strappy , sexy platforms . 
 then he works his way slowly up my legs , making them tingle . 
 i can tell the instant he gets to the ragged hem of my cut-off blue jean shorts . 
 i can almost feel his fingers tracing the edge of them , teasing the elastic of my panties underneath . 
 i squeeze my thighs together to stop the ache that started the instant i saw him . 
 no sense in getting all worked up when i ca n't do anything about it . 
 his eyes finally continue to rise , traveling over the slice of exposed skin on my stomach to the edge of my t-shirt and then stopping on my boobs . 
 i see his chest rise and fall with his deep breath and my ni ** les pucker into points . 
 rusty 's mouth drops open a little bit and i wonder if he can see them through my shirt . 
 i 'm sure he knows they 're begging for his mouth . 
 when his gaze meets mine , i know i 'm right . 
 his eyes are shooting blue flames at me . 
 and my body reacts accordingly . 
 very slowly , he walks toward me . 
 i ca n't help but get excited as i watch him . 
 his loose gait is like that of a lion , stalking his prey . 
 and i 'd love to be rusty 's prey . 
 for him to stalk me until he catches me , to grab me with his hands and hold me down so he can devour me . 
 shit a monkey , woman ! 
 you 've got to stop thinking like this ! 
 rusty 's body is almost as familiar to me as my own . 
 as i take in his dark chestnut hair , sticking up at all different angles , his wide shoulders , encased in snug navy cotton , and the ripped jeans that hug his thighs so perfectly , i consider throwing cami 's plan right into the toilet and asking rusty to take me upstairs and let me give him a few more tears in his clothes . 
 but when i meet his eyes , i do n't . 
 i see lust there , but i also see something else . 
 something i know is worth waiting for . 
 at least until i ca n't stand to wait any longer . 
 that alone is why i just smile when he stops in front of me . 
 `` damn you , woman , '' he breathes , inhaling so deeply i feel his chest brush mine . 
 i give him my most innocent expression and blink wide eyes at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you wore this just for me , did n't you ? '' 
 i trail my fingers from my collarbone , down between my br ** sts to my stomach . 
 `` what , this old outfit ? '' 
 `` yeah , ` this old outfit ' , '' rusty says , glancing left and right then taking another small step closer to me . 
 i can feel his thighs against mine . 
 and i can feel the growing bulge between them . 
 `` this shirt that makes my palms itch to feel your ni ** les , '' he says , tugging at the hem of my shirt , the back of his hand tickling my stomach . 
 `` and these shorts that are so short i could slide my fingers right up under them , '' he says , reaching one hand down between us to barely stroke my inner thigh . 
 `` and feel those damp panties of yours . '' 
 i 'm breathless . 
 already . 
 and i know from experience that it will only get worse . 
 rusty does to me what no one else in the world can . 
 `` what makes you think they 're damp ? '' 
 `` because i know you , baby . 
 i know you put them on with thoughts of me taking them off . 
 i know , even now , you 're wishing that i 'd take you upstairs and pull them slowly down your legs so that i could ... do things to you . '' 
 `` maybe you 're right , '' i whisper . 
 `` but we both know that wo n't happen so it does n't matter . '' 
 `` this is going to make you just as miserable as it will me . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 rusty grins . 
 `` oh , no . 
 it will . 
 i 'll see to it . '' 
 i lift one brow . 
 `` is that right ? 
 well then bring it ! 
 touche , pu ** ycat . '' 
 `` touche , indeed . '' 
 with a wink that turns my insides to mush , rusty reaches around and slaps my butt before he moves past me , his shoulder brushing my aching ni ** les . 
 i close my eyes for a second , wondering if this might actually hurt me worse than it does him . 
 ******** i flop down in one of the deep cushions of the patio chair . 
 `` phew ! 
 i 'm glad that 's over . '' 
 i hear cami 's sigh . 
 she 's sitting on the outdoor sofa with her legs curled under her , leaning into trick 's side . 
 `` me , too . 
 that was exhausting ! '' 
 `` but at least it was n't embarrassing . 
 i was just sure rusty 's present would be a sex swing and you 'd have to explain it to your mom . '' 
 `` rusty what ? '' 
 rusty asks as he appears at the door , stepping out onto the patio . 
 `` i was just telling them i figured you 'd get them something like a sex swing . '' 
 he grins and comes to sit in the chair beside mine . 
 `` that 's why i wanted to shop for it without you . 
 i wanted to show you i could be unguy-like sometimes . '' 
 `` so you 're saying the wine fridge-keg cooler combo unit was your only consideration ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` ah-ha ! 
 i knew it ! '' 
 `` look , i 'm a guy . 
 of course i thought first of a sex swing . 
 but i figured some prudish old blue-haired woman might have a heart attack when it was unwrapped . 
 or that cami 's dad might whip my ass . '' 
 `` i 'd gladly let jack whip your ass for a present like that . '' 
 `` of course you would , dickhead ! 
 but even i do n't love you that much . '' 
 `` well , i think you did a great job , baby , '' i croon to him . 
 `` great enough to get some kind of reward ? '' 
 he asks , waggling his eyebrows at me . 
 i pause for a few seconds . 
 `` sure . 
 what did you have in mind ? '' 
 i know exactly what he has in mind , but i want to hear it . 
 even if we ca n't do it , i still like hearing what goes on in his head . 
 `` how ` bout a lil skinny-dippin ' ? '' 
 i perk up instantly . 
 not only does that sound cool and refreshing , but it sounds like fun . 
 hot , playful fun . 
 `` you 're on , '' i say , coming to my feet . 
 `` you two coming ? '' 
 i ask cami . 
 she looks at trick and grins . 
 `` yeah , i think we will . '' 
 `` we will ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` if you want to see me in anything less than what i 'm wearing right now , then yes , we will . '' 
 `` i 'm in , '' trick replies enthusiastically . 
 we all laugh . 
 the four of us strike out across the yard , bathed in warm breezes and pale moonlight . 
 it already looks like the perfect night for a naughty tryst , which will make it that much harder not to ... indulge . 
 but i think cami 's right . 
 i think maybe this will be a good way to make rusty see what he 's missing out on . 
 maybe he 'll realize he does n't want to be without me . 
 it 's worth a try anyway . 
 rusty 's worth a lot of tries . 
 we drop into single file formation as we trek through the woods . 
 i 've heard cami talk about the pond on their property and how much she and trick love to visit it , but i 've never been . 
 when the trees part to reveal an oval clearing dominated by a sparkling fresh-water pond and absolute silence , i can see why it 's a favorite of theirs . 
 it would be a favorite of mine , too . 
 trick and cami drift off to one side . 
 i can barely make out their whispers and cami 's giggles from where i 'm standing . 
 it 's just enough privacy for everyone without there being ... trouble . 
 when i feel a palm brush my butt and rusty appears at my side , i quit thinking of anyone except him . 
 `` need some help with these ? '' 
 rusty asks , trailing his hand over my hip as he walks around in front of me . 
 `` i think i just might . 
 this zipper can be awfully hateful , '' i say with mock seriousness . 
 `` mmm , i figured as much , '' he says , stepping in close to me again . 
 i can feel warmth radiating from his body as though there 's nothing between us at all-no clothes , no air , no emotional separation . 
 just ... heat . 
 `` but we 'd better start with your shirt . 
 i do n't want to get tangled up in it as i 'm working on that faulty zipper . '' 
 his eyes appear black in the low light , his dilated pupils overwhelming the azure of his irises . 
 `` i 'll trust your judgment , '' i reply , my heart already racing . 
 `` lift your arms , '' he commands quietly , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 obediently , i lift my arms over my head and i wait . 
 rusty watches me for several seconds before he presses his palms to my waist and slides them slowly upward , caressing my rib cage , thumbs teasing my ni ** les as he drags up the material of my shirt . 
 i close my eyes for a heartbeat as he runs his palms up my arms , bringing my tee with them . 
 when rusty gently removes the shirt from my head , i open my eyes again , falling head long into the desire i see in his . 
 `` thank you , '' i breathe . 
 `` now for this pesky thing , '' he muses as he slides a finger under the strap of my bra . 
 `` i 'm sure it could get in the way . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i agree , trying hard to remember my objective so that i do n't get lost in the moment . 
 rusty reaches around me and pops open the hook of my bra with one flick of his fingers . 
 he runs his hands up over my shoulders and down my arms , removing my bra straps as he goes . 
 i see his eyes flicker down . 
 my ni ** les tighten when i hear him suck in a breath through his clenched teeth . 
 i know he wants to touch them . 
 he loves my body . 
 he 's told me a thousand times as he worships every inch of it . 
 but this time , he 'll have to love it from a distance . 
 even if it 's a short distance . 
 `` my shorts , '' i prompt , knowing i 'm dangerously close to giving in to my need of him . 
 rusty 's gaze comes back to mine . 
 he does n't move . 
 or speak . 
 he just watches me . 
 i know he 's fighting touching me . 
 and i let him . 
 finally , he drops to one knee and reaches for my waistband . 
 carefully , he unbuttons my shorts and then slowly unzips them . 
 he does n't touch me in any way except when he leans forward just enough to press his lips to the top edge of my panties . 
 heat pours into my core and my body throbs for him to kiss me lower . 
 then lower still . 
 but he does n't . 
 with his face so close i can feel his breath , rusty pulls my shorts down my legs then follows them with my panties . 
 when i 'm standing before him , wearing nothing but my shoes and a passion for him that never seems to die , he looks up at me . 
 for a few seconds , i think it 's over . 
 the game is over . 
 he 's going to kiss me and i 'm going to let him . 
 but he does n't . 
 instead , rusty stands slowly to his feet and says , `` your turn . '' 
 i kick off my shoes , take a deep breath and curl my fingers in the hem of rusty 's shirt . 
 i pull it up , letting my hands touch his hard , smooth skin as i go . 
 i can feel every ripple of his abdomen , every hard bulge of his pecs , but i do n't give in to my urge to press my lips to them . 
 i stretch up on my tiptoes to tug his shirt over his head . 
 he 's taller than me , so i have to sway slightly toward him to reach high enough . 
 my br ** sts graze his chest and i gasp . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 the sensation of his skin touching my ni ** les flashes through me like a bolt of lightning , hot and electric . 
 `` jen-na , '' he warns gruffly . 
 `` sorry , '' i pant . 
 i throw his shirt to the side and drop to my knees in front of him . 
 i reach for the button of his jeans . 
 i pause with my fingers tucked just inside his waistband and i look up at him . 
 his face is set in stone and his jaw is clenched . 
 i know this is hard for him . 
 and when i let my eyes travel down , i can see the enormous bulge that assures me just how hard it is for him . 
 impulsively , i lean forward and press my lips to it . 
 i hear him moan and his fingers wind into my hair , holding me to him for a few seconds before he tugs my head away . 
 `` you 'd better hurry it up or this is all over with , '' he says hoarsely . 
 i grin up at him . 
 `` ca n't handle it ? '' 
 he opens his mouth to say something , but stops , clamping his teeth shut with a click . 
 he watches me for a bit before his lips curve into a smile . 
 `` we 'll see who can handle what , '' he responds , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` continue . '' 
 he 's steeling himself against wanting me , which makes me want to tease him that much more . 
 i want to break him . 
 i want him to give in because he just ca n't stand it . 
 i want him to forsake all else for me , for the want of me , for the love of me . 
 that 's all i 've ever wanted from rusty-his devotion . 
 the same kind of devotion i have for him . 
 with determination , i smile up at him and unbutton his jeans . 
 i reach for the zipper and ease it down over his erection . 
 i ignore the pulsing between my legs . 
 this is about rusty . 
 i run my hands around his waist and slide them down over his butt , pushing down his jeans as i stroke the backs of his thighs , letting my chin graze his belly as i look back up at him . 
 with glittering eyes , rusty watches me . 
 i feel him shift as he kicks off his shoes and steps out of the jeans now pooled at his feet . 
 and then he waits . 
 waits for me to finish . 
 i trail my fingers up the outsides of his legs and tease the bottom of his boxer briefs , running my fingers up high enough that i can feel the crease where his thighs meet his hips . 
 i see him twitch behind the white cotton . 
 bringing out my hands , i reach up to grasp the elastic band of his underwear and i tug , carefully freeing his shaft before i drag them down his legs . 
 when he steps out of them , i hold onto his thighs as i rise . 
 as my mouth passes his hard length , i stick out my tongue and drag it along the thick vein that runs from base to tip . 
 i hear him growl and i smile as i straighten in front of him . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` to skinny dip with the devil ? 
 sure , '' he replies , a slow grin coming to his face . 
 with speed a striking snake would envy , rusty bends and throws me over his shoulder . 
 i squeal in surprised delight as he takes off running toward the water and jumps off the bank , plunging us both into the cool , black pond . 
 chapter four - rusty it 's been hours and i still ca n't sleep . 
 cami and jenna had asked that i stay with trick during this forced period of celibacy . 
 i think each of us is supposed to watch the other , making sure no one cheats by paying any late-night visits . 
 and it 's probably a good idea , because if there was ever a night i 'd be likely to climb a tree to try and get to jenna through cami 's window , tonight would undoubtedly be it . 
 just the thought of hearing jenna laugh as we played in the water , just the memory of her playfully wrapping her arms and legs around me and pressing her cool lips to mine , just the knowledge that her tight , hot body was within centimeters of my granite-hard cock-well , it 's enough to keep a man up at night . 
 with a growl , i throw back the covers and stomp through the living room and into the kitchen . 
 i have to laugh when i find trick sitting at the island , in the dark , nursing a beer . 
 `` what the hell , man ? '' 
 he says when i turn on the light . 
 `` if we ai n't sleeping , we 're drinking . 
 now go get your stash of beer from downstairs . 
 we 're gon na need a lot more than what 's in the fridge . 
 we 've got some hot blood to cool . '' 
 `` this is gon na be a long week , is n't it ? '' 
 `` hell yeah , it is ! '' 
 we both sigh and trick gets up to go downstairs . 
 i walk to the fridge and take out the rest of the cold beer in there to make room for more . 
 i figure we 'll have these downed in less than an hour . 
 i shake my head as i think again of jenna . 
 i do n't know what that girl 's trying to do to me , but if it includes death from over-excitement , she 's well on her way . 
 chapter five - jenna it 's after lunch and rusty is on my mind even more than usual , which is always a lot . 
 this whole look-but-don ` t-touch -lrb- or at least do n't touch anything too much -rrb- is eating me up . 
 but in a really good way . 
 for whatever reason , i almost feel closer to rusty , like we 're sharing a private joke . 
 i guess we are , actually . 
 a private joke that 's like the ultimate foreplay . 
 and neither of us knows how much we can take before we give in . 
 but wading through every sweetly torturous moment is half the fun . 
 `` so they are meeting us there , right ? '' 
 i ask cami , who 's sitting in the passenger seat of my car , fiddling with her phone . 
 `` yes . 
 for the millionth time yes ! 
 they 're supposed to be there by 1:30 . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say with a smile . 
 cami 's turns her attention right back to her phone and types something out furiously . 
 `` just what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 cami 's head jerks up and she glances guiltily at me , shielding her cell phone against her chest . 
 `` nothing . 
 why ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` you 're sexting ! '' 
 `` am not . '' 
 `` are , too ! 
 you are a dirty little sexter ! 
 do n't even bother to hide it . 
 your cheeks are blood red and your pupils are huge ! '' 
 cami grins . 
 `` are they really ? '' 
 `` ohmigod , you two are horrible ! '' 
 `` you say that like you do n't do it . '' 
 `` i have n't texted rusty one naughty thing since you told me what we were doing with this no sex thing . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i 'm impressed . '' 
 `` you should be , you cock-blocking gutter snipe ! '' 
 `` cock-blocking gutter snipe ? '' 
 she laughs . 
 i giggle . 
 `` i do n't know where in blue blazes that came from . 
 see what a lack of sex does to me ? '' 
 `` i figured you 'd have caved already . 
 you 're not the celibate type . '' 
 `` neither are you . 
 at least not where trick 's concerned . '' 
 she smiles wider . 
 `` he does make it awfully hard to do without . '' 
 my sigh is wistful , as thoughts of rusty 's talented ... parts come to mind . 
 `` got ta love a man with magic in his pants . '' 
 at 1:22 , cami and i are pulling into the parking lot outside the crazy clown costume shoppe in summerton . 
 it 's the nearest more-than-one-horse city to our hometown of greenfield , south carolina . 
 we get out and walk to the door , both of us stopping to stare at the cardboard cut-out standing on the sidewalk like a proud , bipolar sentry at the shop entrance . 
 the guy is wearing a fuzzy red wig , a squishy red nose and his face is painted white with a big , black smile around his mouth . 
 from neck up , he 's a clown . 
 but from waist down , it 's a different story . 
 he 's wearing a chippendale bow tie , forearm cuffs like conan the barbarian , underwear with an elephant trunk at just the right place and chaps to finish him off . 
 he 's sort of a costume clusterfu - . 
 `` please god , tell me you did n't pick any of this for trick , '' cami pleads as we approach the door , interrupting my thoughts . 
 i giggle . 
 `` well , not all of it . '' 
 she looks at me from the corner of her narrowed eyes and i smile as angelically as someone like me can smile . 
 a chime sounds as we walk through the door . 
 a short , olive-skinned , small-framed guy dressed in full drag-and i mean full drag-greets us from near the cash register . 
 `` welcome , ladies , '' he says with something similar to a lisp . 
 his clothes are girly enough-pink sequined mini dress , black feather boa , black fishnets , pink polka dot platforms-and the silky , straight pink wig even matches . 
 but it 's the flat masculine ni ** les visible above the plunging neckline of the dress that gives the clerk 's gender away . 
 that and the bulge about six inches below his navel . 
 `` i 'm loretta . 
 can i help you find something ? '' 
 loretta ? 
 what i 'd thought was a female smoker 's voice over the phone was apparently ... not . 
 loretta is a man . 
 `` i 'm jenna . 
 i called a few days ago about some coordinating costumes . '' 
 loretta throws his hands in the air and his mouth forms an o of excitement . 
 `` oh , girl ! 
 i 've been waiting for you . 
 i ca n't wait for you to see what i got in for the guys . '' 
 platforms and all , loretta races toward me and takes me by the hand to start towing me toward the back of the shop . 
 quickly , i reach out and grab cami 's wrist . 
 if i go , she goes . 
 the back wall of the store is lined with rows and rows of rolling metal racks . 
 loretta does n't stop until we are in the far right , rear corner facing a rack parked under a sign that reads theopolis . 
 `` i already pulled aside two or three different sizes in all the costumes you asked for . 
 i brought 'em back here with the ladies ' , just to keep 'em straight . 
 it 's the only thing i like straight , '' he says with a wink and an elbow to my ribs . 
 `` they start at large and go through two x. i know how big these corn-fed country boys can be . '' 
 he waggles his eyebrows comically and delicately slaps my shoulder . 
 i laugh outright . 
 `` well you know your men , '' i say , stating the obvious . 
 `` most of the ones coming in are pretty husky . '' 
 `` mmm , i love me some husky , '' loretta says with a wicked grin . 
 `` now which one of you gets what outfit ? 
 wait ! 
 do n't tell me . 
 let me guess . '' 
 like the expert that he obviously is , loretta describes exactly what i had envisioned us wearing . 
 `` damn , loretta , you 're good ! '' 
 i say in awe . 
 `` girl , i own a costume shop . 
 i 've got an eye for the inner beast , '' he says confidently . 
 `` well , two of the guys should be here in a few minutes . 
 they 're the two that are giving us the most trouble about the costumes . 
 you know how pig-headed men can be ... '' loretta rolls his eyes . 
 `` mmm mmm , do n't i know it ? '' 
 `` so we 've decided to put on a little show for them so that maybe they 'll be a little more ... agreeable . '' 
 loretta 's eyes light up . 
 `` oh , a costume montage ? 
 sign me up ! '' 
 `` i was thinking something a little more ... private . '' 
 loretta smiles . 
 `` not that i do n't appreciate what you 're thinking , but this is a public business . '' 
 `` oh , not that private . 
 i was just thinking maybe put on a little show for the boys . 
 you know , get them a little more excited about dressing up . 
 and seeing us all dressed up . '' 
 `` ohhh , i see where you 're going . 
 start the engines up . 
 get the appetite going . 
 girl , i like where you 're head 's at . 
 and i think the dressing rooms in back will work just fine . '' 
 i hear the chime of the front door and my pulse skips . 
 that has to be them . 
 loretta yips in excitement . 
 `` that must be them . 
 you girls go on back , '' he says , pointing to a curtained door . 
 `` there are two separate rooms you can use for fitting . 
 ms. theopolis , you go left . 
 honey , you go right , '' he says , speaking to cami . 
 `` i 'll roll the whole cart back there when i show your guests to you . '' 
 his eyes are bright and sparkling . 
 it 's easy to see that he really loves his job . 
 and men . 
 hot , corn-fed men . 
 `` sounds good , '' i say , grabbing cami 's hand . 
 `` come on , woman . 
 we 've got some torture to inflict . '' 
 before we disappear , i loud-whisper to loretta before he 's out of ear shot . 
 `` loretta ! 
 i get the red-head . '' 
 he nods and gives me a wink . 
 cami and i are both smiling on our way through the curtain . 
 chapter six - rusty i doubt many things would 've surprised me more than the man in drag who greeted me and trick at the door of the costume shop . 
 i think my mouth was still hanging open when he pushed us to the rear of the store and through a curtain to where jenna and cami were waiting . 
 somewhere . 
 `` i 'm loretta , '' the guy says by way of introduction . 
 `` i 'll be your host for this afternoon 's display . 
 can i get you boys something to drink ? '' 
 trick and i look at each other then back at him and shake our heads . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 `` all right then . 
 you have a seat right here , '' loretta says , leading me to a comfortable-looking , bright red chair positioned in front of a private little cubby with a black velvet curtain covering the door . 
 `` and you come with me , '' he says to trick , disappearing around the corner . 
 `` let 's get this show on the road , '' i hear him say as they 're walking away . 
 i 'm sitting in my chair , feeling like a dumbass , when i hear the crackle of speakers coming on line a couple of minutes later . 
 music pours out around me just before the ambient lights dim and a spot light pops on to illuminate the thick curtain . 
 i recognize the music . 
 and the song . 
 it 's called you can leave your hat on , and it has an old , burlesque feel to it . 
 it sets a mood ; i 'm just not sure what for . 
 until i see the curtain wiggle . 
 it parts just enough that i see a knee poke out . 
 in time with the music , the leg straightens . 
 it 's curvy and covered in fishnet stocking , with a garter halfway up the thigh . 
 on the foot is an obscenely high , shiny black heel . 
 the curtain parts farther and jenna steps slowly out of the dressing room . 
 `` oh damn , '' i breathe , suddenly warming to the idea of costumes . 
 jenna smiles and then , pausing , coyly bites her fingertip , looking up at me from beneath her lashes . 
 `` i seem to be having some trouble finding juuuust the right costume . 
 i 'm looking for ... sexy . 
 what do you think of this one ? '' 
 she asks , her lips curved the slightest bit , just enough to be suggestive . 
 i let my eyes slide over her outfit . 
 she 's in a pink and black bustier that her tits are practically spilling out of and some frilly little panty-type things . 
 and the fishnets . 
 and that 's it . 
 `` does it fit okay ? '' 
 she asks softly , letting her palms glide over the swell of her br ** sts . 
 `` it feels a little ... tight . '' 
 before i can answer , she slinks over to my chair and turns , peeking back over her shoulder at me . 
 she wiggles her ass just enough to draw my eye . 
 `` how does it look from behind ? '' 
 i glance up at jenna 's face . 
 i see the playfulness in her eyes . 
 and the heat . 
 she 's toying with me , but she 's enjoying it , too . 
 i 've always loved that about her . 
 `` the fit is good , but what about the material ? '' 
 i ask , reaching out to touch her . 
 before my fingers meet her body , though , she straightens and starts to walk away . 
 she stops in the doorway of the dressing room , smiling back at me . 
 `` let me try another one . 
 maybe something else will tickle your ... fancy a little more . '' 
 when the curtain closes , i lean my head back and close my eyes . 
 it 's been a while since i 've embarrassed myself in public . 
 if this is the way the afternoon 's gon na go , maybe i should start thinking about baseball . 
 or margaret thatcher . 
 naked . 
 on a cold day . 
 before i can conjure one distracting thought , however , i hear the rings on the curtain jingle . 
 then , all i hear is the music . 
 and the thud of my heartbeat in my ears . 
 i open my eyes to jenna masked and dressed in a black leather cat suit with one sparkling silver zipper that goes from throat to crotch . 
 she struts over to me this time , cracking a black leather riding crop over her palm . 
 she stops in front of the chair and raises one leg to set her stiletto-shod foot on the arm . 
 with her legs spread , i watch as she drags the tail of the riding crop up one long thigh , stopping only when it grazes the v that makes my mouth water . 
 `` how do you like this one ? '' 
 i look up at her face . 
 i can see the glimmer in her eyes as she watches me from behind her black domino . 
 she flicks the riding crop between her thighs . 
 i see her lips part like she gasped , only i did n't hear it . 
 she might be doing this to torture me , but she 's enjoying the hell out of it , too . 
 i 'm just about to take that crop from her hands and show her how i could use it on her when she turns on her heel and walks back the way she came . 
 my eyes are glued to her ass . 
 blood pumps through my body with each exaggerated swing of her hips . 
 as i wait , try as i might , i ca n't think of baseball or naked , old british women . 
 i can only think of jenna . 
 and what she might be wearing next . 
 and how much i wish i was in there while she changes . 
 when the curtain parts a third time , jenna appears wearing a teeny tiny white dress with a red cross over the left breast . 
 the top is split to the navel and , if she moved just right , i could probably see nipple . 
 on her feet are red shoes . 
 around her neck is a red stethoscope . 
 she starts toward me again , but before she reaches me , she stops , dragging the stethoscope from around her neck . 
 she lets it dangle from her fingertips for a few seconds before she drops it onto the floor behind her . 
 with wide , round eyes , she purses her lips and says , `` oops ! '' 
 covering her mouth with her fingertips in a gesture betty boop would be proud of . 
 then , in slow motion , she pivots on her high red heel and bends at the waist to pick up her stethoscope . 
 as the short dress rises over her hips , i see the curve of her ass and the dark shadow between her legs . 
 damn her , she 's not wearing any panties ! 
 i give absolutely no thought to where we are , or the fact that i 'm supposed to be keeping my hands off her . 
 i simply get up and go to her . 
 jenna affects me like that . 
 she consumes me . 
 completely sometimes . 
 she yelps in surprise when i jerk her upright and whirl her around . 
 i pull her up against my chest and raise my finger to her lips . 
 `` shhh , '' i mutter , backing her up into the dressing room she just vacated . 
 once inside , i pull the curtain shut behind us . 
 with that song still playing , i reach around jenna to feel for the zipper on her skimpy costume . 
 her breathing is heavy as it hits my lips . 
 she 's panting . 
 i ease down the zipper and then pull the white material from her shoulders , peeling it down to her waist . 
 she 's not wearing a bra underneath either ; the outfit is cut too low for one . 
 gently , i palm one plump breast , rubbing my calloused hand over the nipple . 
 jenna 's mouth drops open and i remind her again , `` shhh . '' 
 i tweak the pebble and smile when she sinks her teeth into her bottom lip . 
 i bend my head and suck one nipple into my mouth as i push her costume down over her hips . 
 i let it fall down her legs to pool on the floor . 
 jenna 's breathing is ragged as i kiss my way down her stomach . 
 cupping the back of her knee , i push back so that she leans into the corner for balance as i bring her foot up off the ground and prop it on my shoulder , opening her up for me . 
 i place one kiss on the inside of her thigh before i slide my mouth over to nuzzle the silky , wet flesh between her legs . 
 i flick my tongue over her , just once , and i inhale . 
 `` god , i miss this . '' 
 i feel her shudder when i exhale warm , moist air on her . 
 slowly lowering her leg , i straighten to stand before her . 
 `` i miss you . '' 
 jenna 's eyes are heavy and her lips are trembling . 
 `` but i 'm right here . 
 i 've always been right here . '' 
 `` still , i ca n't have you , though , can i ? '' 
 she watches me with her hazelnut eyes , but says nothing . 
 i wonder if she 's thinking the same thing i am . 
 `` let 's go home . 
 before i commit a felony in here . '' 
 `` do n't let me stop you , '' she replies softly . 
 `` oh no . 
 when the time finally comes , i want you screaming my name . 
 more than once . '' 
 with a grin i know will drive her nuts , i back out of the curtain , telling her just before i close it , `` just remember this when i see you tonight . '' 
 i smile all the way out the door . 
 the funny thing is , trick 's already outside waiting on me . 
 chapter seven - jenna when we walk into lucky 's , the only place cami would agree to have this joint bachelor slash bachelorette venture , my eyes immediately scan the crowd for rusty . 
 i 'm not sure what the female equivalent of blue balls is , or if there even is one , but if there is , i 've got it ! 
 since walking out of the shop with the three of them and getting a chaste kiss on the cheek as rusty opened the car door for me , i 've been unable to think anything other than his lips on me . 
 and how much i want them on me . 
 now . 
 i do n't see him at first , so cami and i make our way to the cluster of tables that daryl , the manager of lucky 's , let us push together under the giant banner that reads congratulations , trick and cami ! 
 behind that , in front of the stage , is a curtain i borrowed from the local funeral home . 
 they use it as a partition when the need arises . 
 it 's super-sized , solid black and thick as hell , perfect for what i needed . 
 it conceals the night 's two main attractions . 
 i grin when i take in the costumes of the members of the wedding party who have already arrived . 
 i picked them out specifically so they 'd match . 
 one of cami 's bridesmaids is wearing a playboy bunny get-up . 
 her husband is wearing a hugh hefner-style smoking jacket , a cravat and a grey wig . 
 another girl is wearing a nurse 's costume , one which gives me chills when i look at it because it reminds me of this afternoon . 
 her counterpart is wearing a surgeon 's outfit . 
 there 's also a pocahontas and brave couple , a marilyn and jfk couple , and a fred and ginger couple already here . 
 as cami gives hugs all around , i turn again to look for rusty . 
 this time i spot him . 
 and he takes my breath away . 
 rusty is gorgeous anyway , but his costume highlights his stellar body . 
 he 's shirtless , with only a bandana wrapped around his throat and a cowboy hat on his head . 
 from the waist down , he 's all long , muscular legs , tight jeans and dusty boots . 
 i 'm sure those are his , because i did n't pick out boots to go with his costume . 
 he has n't noticed me yet , so i can look my fill . 
 his broad shoulders are tan and muscular . 
 his chest is wide and well-developed . 
 and his stomach ... god help me , i love that stomach ! 
 it 's trim and ripped , and there 's a thin trail of hair that leads from his navel to the most incredible ... appendage . 
 i smile as i think about it . 
 rusty would probably have a stroke if he knew i was calling it an `` appendage . '' 
 suddenly , he turns and his eyes meet mine . 
 it 's almost as though he could feel my attention on him . 
 he raises one dark brow , no doubt wondering what i 'm grinning about . 
 i smile even wider , knowing it will eat at him until he finds out . 
 i 'm not surprised when he grabs his beer and walks toward me . 
 he 's half way across the bar when he starts to slow down . 
 it seems that he 's just now noticing what i 'm wearing . 
 and i 'd say he likes it very much . 
 i suck in my stomach and hold out my arms before settling my hands on my hips to let him look . 
 his eyes roam me from my own black cowboy hat , down to my fringed , suede bra , to my bare stomach and on to my chaps , completely open all the way to my boots , but for the frilly little panties i 'm wearing underneath . 
 his mouth drops open the tiniest bit and i feel my heart speed up . 
 i have no doubt if we were alone , or even in a different venue , rusty would take me by the hand , lead me to the first semi-private place he could find and bury his body in mine until we both lost the ability to think straight . 
 it 's what we do . 
 it 's how we affect each other . 
 and it 's wonderful . 
 he resumes his walk to me . 
 cami passes in front of him and he watches her go , shaking his head at her outfit . 
 she 's wearing a black leather dominatrix ensemble and trick is wearing the matching submissive one . 
 i watch her cross to trick and i laugh out loud when he turns and sees her . 
 his jaw goes slack and i 'd be willing to bet he got a hard-on instantly . 
 i would n't be the least bit surprised if they use these costumes again . 
 in private . 
 `` so , what 's the next surprise in jenna 's world of wedding wonders ? '' 
 `` you mean the costumes were n't enough ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do n't you like mine ? '' 
 i look up at him from beneath my lashes , purposely coy as i tease the fringe that hangs from my bra . 
 `` i 'd be happy to show you what i think of your costume . 
 later . '' 
 `` you would ? '' 
 `` mmm , '' he purrs , leaning in to kiss my neck . 
 chills spread down my arms . 
 `` well , since i 'm off limits , maybe the other things i 've got lined up will take your mind off me . 
 and all the things i 'd like for you to do to me in this outfit . '' 
 i lean in to rusty , my lips less than an inch from his and i whisper , `` and out of it . '' 
 `` you 're evil . 
 did you know that ? 
 you 'll probably go to hell for doing this to me . '' 
 i run my fingers up his bare chest , to his chin then i trace his bottom lip with my bright red fingernail . 
 `` come burn with me . '' 
 `` you lead the way , '' he growls hoarsely , like the heat between us has singed his vocal cords . 
 i plant my hand on his chest and push . 
 i give him my sauciest grin . 
 `` maybe later , '' i say , taking a step back . 
 `` or maybe not . '' 
 rusty 's breath hisses through his gritted teeth and i laugh outright . 
 who ever thought this would be so much fun ? 
 torture , for sure . 
 but fun anyway . 
 chapter eight - rusty i never thought it could be so hard to keep my hands off someone . 
 of course , i 've never really tried . 
 all i can say is that , when i finally get between those long legs of jenna 's , there 's gon na be an explosion of epic proportions . 
 and it wo n't just be me doing the exploding . 
 as i watch jenna , i can see invitation in the way she moves . 
 she might as well be shifting against me , close enough for me to touch her . 
 the things she does with her hips and her hands , the way she bends over with that delicious ass of hers tipped perfectly in my direction-all of it is for me , like she can feel my eyes on her . 
 like she wants to feel my hands on her . 
 i know this because she keeps looking back , making sure i 'm watching . 
 teasing me . 
 i 'd be willing to bet those ruffled little panties she 's wearing now include a wet spot . 
 we 're engaged in the ultimate game of cat and mouse , and it 's keeping us both turned on . 
 i watch her as she backs toward the curtain that 's stretched across the back half of the room . 
 i know there 's a stage back there , but there has to be something else . 
 it 's a big space she 's got concealed ! 
 `` seems like we 're missing something in here , does n't it ? '' 
 jenna asks , raising her voice so the rest of the party can hear her . 
 shouts go up all around and she smiles , taking a handful of curtain and dragging it along the makeshift line that 's stretched across the room . 
 bit by bit , the edge of a thick black and red mattress is revealed . 
 that 's all i can see because it 's so dark behind the curtain . 
 with a flourish , jenna flings back the curtain . 
 a single spot light flips on , shining down on a dull , black mechanical bull . 
 the crowd goes nuts . 
 all i can think about is watching jenna ride that thing . 
 `` holy shit , it 's gon na be a long night , '' i mutter to myself . 
 jenna is grinning from ear to ear . 
 `` all right , now that i 've got your attention , who 's gon na be the first to ride the bull ? 
 we got ta get some use out of this thing before the operator gets bored and goes home , '' she says , gesturing toward the clearly unenthusiastic plaid-clad old man who 's sitting on a stool in the corner , leaning over a small console . 
 he probably came with the mechanical bull . 
 i think he might be asleep under the wide brim of his enormous hat . 
 i ca n't be sure . 
 `` come on , ya bunch of pansies ! 
 who 's gon na pony up and ride it first ? '' 
 there 's lots of shouting and whistling and general loud-mouthing , but no one steps forward . 
 i can see several people trying to get trick to go first , but he 's resisting , content to sit by his hot fiancee . 
 i hear jenna 's name above the fray , called once , twice then multiple times . 
 in a few seconds , everyone is chanting for her to give that bull a ride . 
 with an exasperated shake of her head , she turns toward the bull . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll show you how it 's done . 
 i just hate to make the rest of you look bad , '' she teases with a cocky grin . 
 the old man , awake and alert after all , slides off his stool and hobbles over to jenna to lend her a hand as she climbs up onto the bull . 
 when she 's seated on its wide , leather back , i see her frown . 
 `` something else is missing , '' she muses loudly , pausing for a second before she shouts , `` music ! '' 
 the lights over the stage come on in a burst of color . 
 standing with their instruments , and one member sitting behind his drums , are the members of saltwater creek , the band i used to play in . 
 i glance over at trick . 
 he 's howling happily , his arms raised into the air . 
 he used to play with us , too . 
 he looks at me and smiles . 
 i know this probably makes his night that much better . 
 i return his smile then look back to the stage . 
 `` something 's still missing , '' jenna yells . 
 `` oh , i know what it is . 
 we 're gon na need more bass . '' 
 heads start turning toward me and i finally look up at jenna where she 's sitting atop the bull . 
 she 's looking right at me , grinning . 
 she tips her head toward the stage and i look back in that direction . 
 everyone in the band is watching me , smiling , and sam , the bass guitar player , is taking the strap of his guitar off his shoulder . 
 he walks to the front of the stage and holds it out to me . 
 quitting the band was a tough decision , but it was the right one . 
 business at the garage started picking up and it was a matter of growing up and facing my responsibilities , laying the groundwork for my future , or playing with the boys . 
 adulthood won out . 
 but getting a chance to get back up on stage still holds a special lure . 
 and jenna knows that . 
 i ca n't hide my smile as i hop up on the platform and take the guitar . 
 sam nods at me and i nod back , slipping the leather strap over my shoulder and taking the pick from his outstretched hand . 
 i lay my palm against the body of the guitar and curl my fingers around the neck , settling in to the feel of the cool metal against my skin . 
 i look out at jenna and her eyes tell me she knows i 'm on top of the world right now . 
 it reminds me of all the things that i love about her that have nothing to do with her body , but with her heart and her soul . 
 she winks and calls out a question that doubles as a song request . 
 `` who feels like makin ' love ? '' 
 a rowdy bunch , pretty much everyone in the bar yells out in agreement , so i close my eyes and reach back in my memory for the chords to the song . 
 for a few seconds , everyone quiets and the world fades away as they all wait for me to start picking out the notes . 
 with the first one , i remember how much i love the feel of the strings under my fingertips . 
 after eight beats , the rest of the band jumps in . 
 i open my eyes and look back out at jenna . 
 she takes her hat off and gives her head a shake , her dark hair shimmering down her slender back . 
 when she puts it back on her head , her eyes find mine and she winks at me from under the brim . 
 i could easily drop my guitar , jump off the stage and spread her out on that bull and eat her like dessert . 
 but before i can really finish the thought , she reaches down for the leather strap and nods for the bull operator to wind it up . 
 the rotation starts out slow , like the operator is trying to match the beat of the song . 
 jenna 's body moves in perfect time with it . 
 it 's like everything between us and around us is in sync . 
 it 's almost painful to watch her ride that damn bull . 
 her back arches with each buck of the machine and her hips swivel fluidly , like she 's connected to it . 
 her cheeks are flushed , her lips are parted just a little and i can see the tip of her tongue grazing her teeth . 
 i hope she 's thinking what i 'm thinking-that the only thing better than this would be if it was me between her legs . 
 the operator increases the speed and jenna 's body shifts and sways in time with it . 
 all too clearly , i can imagine us in front of a mirror with her moving just like that on top of me . 
 up and down on my cock , her thighs clamped around my sides , her creamy body squeezing me . 
 my jeans get tight . 
 real tight . 
 as the song winds down and the operator slows the bull again , jenna glances up at me . 
 the look she gives me says she knows what i 'm thinking . 
 and i mutter again , `` holy shit , it 's gon na be a long night ! '' 
 chapter nine - jenna after getting so turned-on by rusty watching me ride the bull , it 's all i can do to keep my composure for the rest of the night . 
 i want him so bad i ache with it . 
 but stay composed i do . 
 somehow , i manage to keep it together while cranking up the heat . 
 it 's my mission to make the want as painful for rusty as it is for me . 
 and every time i look at him , i know it 's working a little more . 
 the crotch of his jeans is probably extended to the tensile limit of denim . 
 i ca n't stop the satisfied smirk that comes to my lips as i think of it . 
 i glance over at rusty as he watches another girl ride the bull . 
 as if sensing my eyes and my thoughts on him , he turns those bright-blues on me . 
 i wink sassily at him and he raises one eyebrow . 
 i make myself turn away after that . 
 i 'm tempted to go order another shot when i hear the bartender ring the bell that signals last call . 
 i resist the urge because part of my deal with daryl in him letting us `` borrow '' lucky 's tonight was that i 'd lock up after closing and then come back bright and early in the morning to meet the truck when it comes to collect the mechanical bull . 
 the last thing i need is to be shitfaced while trying to secure a bar that is n't mine . 
 less than an hour later , the house lights flash three times in a row and the lights over the stage shut off , my signal to start shooing people out the door . 
 luckily , the band stopped playing about an hour ago , so no one cares about the stage anymore . 
 when the bar is empty , but for the little old man who operates the mechanical bull , i give him a fifty dollar tip and push him out into the lot , too , flipping the lock behind him so i can make my way around , cutting off lights before i go home . 
 i find off switches for every light in the place except the one over the dance floor , the dance floor that , for tonight , was occupied by a mechanical bull . 
 i walk behind the bar , searching for a hidden switch . 
 i look through the small storage and break room in back . 
 still no luck . 
 the only thing i find back there is the radio , which is clearly labeled leave on , but no other light switches . 
 i decide to check the other side of the building , somewhere near the stage , hoping i can find the controls there . 
 as i round the corner back out into the bar , i come to a sudden stop , a gasp bubbling up in my chest . 
 there 's someone sitting on top of the bull . 
 i 'm only startled for a few seconds , though . 
 my pulse speeds up for an entirely different reason when i recognize the figure straddling the machine . 
 it 's rusty . 
 and he 's watching me . 
 my feet move me slowly across the room toward him . 
 my heart thumps wildly against my ribs . 
 my mouth goes completely dry as i take him in . 
 the wide brim of his cowboy hat casts a shadow over his face . 
 but even so , i can feel rusty 's glittering blue eyes fixed on me . 
 the light pouring down on his shoulders accentuates every ripple of muscle in his arms and bathes his perfectly defined abs in a soft , golden glow . 
 his big hands are resting on his thighs , motionless . 
 chills spread down my arms when i look at those long fingers , remembering all too clearly the pleasure they can bring . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` bar 's closed , mister , '' i say casually as i approach him . 
 he does n't respond immediately . 
 when he does , i feel a hot flush move through my core . 
 `` thought i 'd grab a slow ride before you locked up . 
 i missed my chance earlier . '' 
 my stomach twitches at his insinuation . 
 he 's asking me . 
 outright . 
 and he 's perfectly still as he waits for my reply . 
 adjusting my trajectory , i veer to the right and walk to the podium that houses the bull controls . 
 i look down at the console i watched the little old man working earlier . 
 i glance back at rusty , knowing that if i turn it on , i 'm giving him my answer . 
 my pause is barely that of a heartbeat before i reach up and flip the red switch up to the on position . 
 to hell with resisting him ! 
 i 'm not the one getting married . 
 `` how slow do you want it ? '' 
 i ask provocatively , the sultry music from the radio only adding to the intensity of the moment . 
 `` as slow as you can make it , '' he replies , a wicked grin twisting his lips . 
 i ease the lever up the tiniest bit , just enough that i can barely hear the whir of the machine 's motor turning . 
 with a groan , the bull moves slightly forward and down , making a leisurely turn on its post . 
 rusty does n't move but for the motion of his hips as he rides fluidly on the swiveling bull . 
 when it revolves completely , leaving him facing me again , i see the almost imperceptible tip of his head . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 i do n't answer him . 
 i do n't need to . 
 i step out from behind the console and i walk toward rusty , an answer in and of itself . 
 anticipation pours through me when i step up onto the thick , black mat and stop at the base of the slow-moving machine . 
 without a word , rusty holds out his hands . 
 without a word , i take them . 
 effortlessly , he pulls me up onto the bull with him , my back pressed to his chest , his hard body folding in around me . 
 `` put your hands here , '' he whispers in my ear as he leans forward to show me . 
 i do as he asks , excitement curling in my stomach . 
 i feel rusty drag my hair away from my neck just before his lips touch my skin . 
 my ni ** les pucker reflexively . 
 `` do you know how much i wanted to be up here with you tonight ? '' 
 he pushes his hips against my butt . 
 i can feel how hard he is , just as hard as i knew he would be . 
 `` watching you arch your back , '' he says , trailing his fingers down my spine , causing me to bow outward . 
 his hand rises back up to the band of my bra , his fingers easily unsnapping it . 
 slowly , he runs his palms up to my neck and then down over my shoulders , not stopping until he brushes my fingertips , pushing off my top . 
 `` i kept imagining how hard your ni ** les would be if i were touching them while you rode this bull . '' 
 he cups both br ** sts in his hands and squeezes . 
 my breath hitches in my throat and heat puddles between my legs . 
 `` i know you were wishing i was up here with you , too . 
 i could see it in every sway of your hips , '' he murmurs against my neck , the fingers of one hand tracing circles around my nipple as his other travels down the center of my stomach . 
 `` and i know that if i could 've touched you right then , i 'd have found these wet , '' he whispers , dipping his hand down into my panties and cupping my burning flesh . 
 `` mmmm , just like this . '' 
 the lights swirl around me , framed by the pitch black of the empty bar . 
 i close my eyes , abandoning myself to the moment , to the feel of what rusty 's doing to me as he slips one finger inside me . 
 i moan and let my head fall back against his shoulder . 
 he rolls my nipple between finger and thumb as he thrusts the fingers of his other hand in and out of me . 
 long , deep movements , like the rhythm of the bull . 
 `` i knew you 'd be dripping . 
 watching me watch you . 
 wishing you were riding my c ** k up here on this bull . 
 fantasizing about coming for me . 
 in front of all those people . 
 i know you 'd like that , would n't you ? '' 
 lazily , he drags his fingers out of me to tease my clit with leisurely swirls . 
 i move my hips against him , breathless as the familiar tension builds inside me . 
 i feel rusty lean away from me before he puts his hands around my waist and lifts , turning me around on the bull to sit facing him , but not straddling him . 
 the look on his face is ravenous as he takes off my hat and flings it into the darkness . 
 `` do you think there 's anyone outside right now , jenna ? 
 out there in the dark ? 
 watching us through the windows ? '' 
 his lips crash down on mine before i have time to answer . 
 his tongue licks along mine as his hands roam over my br ** sts and my stomach , my back and my hips . 
 he 's touching me everywhere except the place i need him to touch me most . 
 when he tears his lips away from mine , he puts his palm between my br ** sts and pushes gently , urging me to lie back . 
 i relax over the head of the bull , letting the slow , easy movements of the machine set the pace for what 's to come . 
 rusty drags his hand down my stomach , not stopping until he reaches the juncture of my widely spread thighs . 
 i feel him move my panties to one side . 
 there 's a pause that lasts a lifetime . 
 it 's filled with heat and electricity and wild anticipation . 
 and then i feel the hot lick of his tongue . 
 i buck at first , like the imitation bull beneath me might . 
 but then i relax under his mouth , easing my legs back down over the sides of the machine , opening them wider and giving rusty full access to my body . 
 the blood is rushing to my head , making it swim lightly and i feel the tightening of my muscles as rusty pushes two fingers inside me . 
 in and out , he moves them as his tongue flickers over my sensitive flesh . 
 `` i wonder if someone 's watching me lick you , watching my tongue when i do this , '' he says , removing his fingers and replacing them with his tongue . 
 he works it into me , penetrating me as deeply as he can , his lips pressing against my most sensitive part as he does . 
 when he moves back up to flick the tiny muscle , sucking it briefly into his mouth , i lose my breath completely . 
 `` rusty , '' i manage to say above the twirling lights and dizzying pleasure . 
 `` i bet every man in this bar was wishing he could have a taste of you tonight , to taste that sweet come pour out of you onto his tongue . 
 but i 'm the only one who gets to taste you . 
 i 'm the one who gets to make you come tonight , '' he says , the vibration of his words traveling through his lips and stimulating my pulsing flesh . 
 `` rusty , please . '' 
 `` please what ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` please eat you in front of whoever might be watching ? 
 or please sit you up so you can ride me until your come runs down my c ** k and onto this bull ? '' 
 i ca n't think with him saying these things to me . 
 i ca n't breathe with him doing these things to me . 
 all i can do is feel . 
 and i feel need-need for rusty 's body . 
 filling me up . 
 stretching me tight . 
 pushing me to the edge . 
 and i need it now . 
 `` please , '' i repeat breathlessly . 
 rusty 's hands leave me for a few seconds . 
 but then he 's winding my legs around his waist , pulling me upright , and slamming me down onto his hard , thick length . 
 i cry out . 
 a scream , torn from me . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 nothing has ever felt more perfect . 
 or more right . 
 our loud moans of pleasure mingle . 
 i ca n't tell the sounds apart . 
 i just know that there 's no better feeling in the world than rusty , inside me . 
 all around me . 
 with me . 
 his hands are in my hair as he eases me up and down on him , deeper and deeper with each slow buck of the bull . 
 i shudder against him when he takes my nipple into his mouth and sucks it hard against his tongue . 
 i knock his hat off and thread my fingers into his hair , holding him to me as he moves my body on his . 
 `` i hope someone 's watching when you come on me , jenna , '' he says hoarsely as he tugs my head back and sinks his blunt teeth into the flesh of my breast . 
 `` i want someone to see my mouth on these ni ** les . 
 i want someone to see your beautiful body riding my cock . 
 i want someone to see my fingers biting into this delicious ass . '' 
 just then , he leans back and flexes his hips , his fingers digging into my back side . 
 i fall more fully onto him , taking in every long , strong inch . 
 with that one stroke , i explode into a shower of muted sounds and blurring lights . 
 my body spasms around his , squeezing it tight , drawing it in . 
 rusty grinds his hips into mine before he picks me up and drops me back down onto him , one , two , three times . 
 rusty 's body goes rigid beneath me and i open my eyes a crack , just in time to see him throw his head back . 
 he lets out a growl that tingles along my nerves . 
 then i feel the hot pulse of his climax , pouring into me . 
 i feel it inside me , all around me , as the shudder of his body vibrates through my core . 
 still awash with sensation , i collapse against rusty and we sway gently to the rhythm of the bull . 
 after several long minutes , with only the sound of our heavy breathing piercing the quiet around us , rusty lowers his head to meet my eyes . 
 `` do n't ever take this away from me again , '' he says softly . 
 `` do n't ever ask me to , '' i reply . 
 as we watch each other , the light shining down on the angles of rusty 's face and the tenderness pouring out from the depths of his eyes , a swell of emotion overcomes me . 
 `` i love you , '' i murmur . 
 rusty says nothing . 
 his eyes search mine as he reaches forward to stroke my cheek with his fingertips . 
 finally sliding his hand around to cup the nape of my neck , he pulls me toward him and captures my lips with his own . 
 the kiss is sweet . 
 profound . 
 enigmatic . 
 it says something . 
 i 'm just not sure what . 
 chapter ten - rusty i ease open the unlocked front door of trick 's house . 
 i 'm hoping he 's already in bed , sleeping off his zillion shots of patron and his undoubtedly painful set of blue balls before his wedding in the morning . 
 i close the door quietly behind me . 
 `` you are the shittiest best friend ever ! '' 
 he mumbles from the darkness . 
 `` holy mother of hell ! 
 you 're scared the piss out of me ! '' 
 with no lights on , i can barely make out trick 's silhouette where he 's sitting at the island . 
 i see his arm move as he tips back a bottle . 
 he 's drinking . 
 again . 
 no sex 'll do that to a man ! 
 `` do n't you think you ought to knock that off and get some sleep ? 
 i 'm pretty sure you 're supposed to be presentable when cami meets you at the altar . '' 
 `` kiss my ass , man ! 
 i 'm trying to drown my libido so i can honor my fiancee 's wishes . 
 unlike some people . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm not the one getting married , dude . 
 i have no clue how jenna and i ended up involved in this . '' 
 `` because you two are our best friends . 
 you 're supposed to do it for moral support . '' 
 `` i was doing it for moral support . '' 
 `` then where have you been for the last two hours ? '' 
 i chuckle . 
 `` damn , has it been that long ? '' 
 `` you dawg , '' trick shouts , jumping to his feet . 
 `` you have been with jenna ! '' 
 `` i thought that 's what we were talking about . '' 
 trick flicks the kitchen light on and i can see that he 's grinning . 
 `` i was just yanking your chain , man . 
 i did n't think you 'd really cave that fast . 
 you really ca n't stay away from that girl , can you ? '' 
 i had n't really thought of it that way . 
 `` i do n't have the same motivation as you . 
 i 'm not the one getting married . 
 besides , you 've got the rest of your life to bang your wife . 
 my time with jenna is much more limited . '' 
 `` that 's your choice , dumb ass . '' 
 `` it 's not a choice . 
 it 's just the way it is . '' 
 `` just because she has interviews does n't mean she 's gon na take either job . 
 besides , there 's nothing holding you here . 
 nothing saying you could n't be with her somewhere else . '' 
 i feel like i 've been kicked in the teeth . 
 or in the chest . 
 jenna has interviews . 
 and she has n't said a single word to me about them . 
 i do n't really know what to say . 
 i can tell by trick 's expression that he knows he 's stepped in it . 
 if he were n't shitfaced , he 'd never have told me and i 'd never have known . 
 until she was already gone . 
 why would she hide it , though ? 
 was she just planning on bailing and never saying a word ? 
 because that does n't sound like jenna . 
 even though i expected her to go-eventually-i ca n't imagine her doing it like that . 
 but still , she did n't tell me . 
 for a reason . 
 `` jenna 's in love with you , idiot . '' 
 `` sometimes love is n't enough . '' 
 trick shakes his head . 
 `` whatever . 
 you want a beer ? '' 
 `` nah , '' i say , suddenly feeling tired . 
 `` i think i 'm going to bed . '' 
 trick drains his beer . 
 `` yeah . 
 me , too . 
 tomorrow , my suffering will come to an ... explosive end . '' 
 `` too much information , dude ! '' 
 i mumble as i walk away . 
 `` too much information . '' 
 chapter eleven - jenna spending the entire morning being lavishly pampered , scrubbed , buffed , massaged , made up , curled and dressed with my best friend on her wedding day is a ridiculous amount of fun . 
 and memories of rusty last night , his hard body between me and a mechanical bull , only make my mood that much lighter . 
 once we are as perfect as professional hands can make us , we move into one huge room full of mirrors to get dressed . 
 i pull on my dress , zip it up and spin in front of the mirror . 
 `` you really are the best friend ever , '' i tell cami . 
 `` i know , but what did i do to make you say that this time ? '' 
 she asks with a mischievous grin . 
 `` only the bestestest friend in the whole world would take such pains to pick a bridal color that suits both her and her best friend 's complexion , especially when they 're basically polar opposites . '' 
 cami has dark red hair , blue eyes and fair skin , while i have black hair , dark eyes and olive skin . 
 there are , like , ten colors out of a zillion that would look good on both of us . 
 yet cami picked one of them to use on arguably the most important day of her life . 
 cami shrugs . 
 `` i ca n't very well have you looking all washed out , standing up there behind me , now can i ? '' 
 she winks , but i know that had nothing to do with her choice . 
 she 's just that kind of a person-caring , considerate , selfless . 
 even on her wedding day . 
 the royal blue dress complements my coloring surprisingly well . 
 my skin glows like bronze , my eyes sparkle like drops of onyx and my lips needed very little red stain . 
 and the cut of the garment is superb . 
 the pencil slim design makes my waist look narrow , my ass look round and my boobs look like they 're tucked up under my chin . 
 on top of that is my sexy hair-do-black curls pulled up on the sides with tendrils dripping down to kiss my shoulders . 
 all in all , i ca n't wait for rusty to see me . 
 after my confession last night , i feel the need to knock his socks off . 
 for my self-esteem 's sake as much as anything else . 
 as we are being herded out of the salon toward the curb , i see the familiar face of trick 's mom , leena , hovering at the edge of crowd of giggling girls . 
 i look to my left to find cami , only she 's not beside me anymore . 
 i turn to find her stopped dead in her tracks , staring at leena . 
 `` come on , '' i say , reaching back to take her hand . 
 `` it 's your wedding day . 
 you can do this . '' 
 her wide eyes dart to mine and i can see in them that she 's not convinced . 
 `` you won . 
 just remember that . 
 you . 
 won . '' 
 i tug on her hand , pulling her behind me as we make our way to the waiting limo . 
 all the other girls pile in and , before we can duck inside , leena makes her way to cami . 
 i start to let go of cami 's hand and get into the limo to give them some privacy , but she tightens her grip , urging me to stay . 
 so i do . 
 leena jumps right in , not giving cami the chance to say anything . 
 `` cami , i 'm not trying to ruin your wedding day and i 'm not trying to make your life harder by showing up like this . 
 i just ... i just wanted to talk to you beforehand . 
 without trick . '' 
 she pauses and i see her take a deep breath , like she 's gathering courage to do something she does n't want to do . 
 `` i love my son more than you can imagine , but i 'm not ready to be around your family just yet . 
 i do n't know if that will ever change . 
 i 'm working on seeing you for you , not for the mistakes of your family . 
 and that 's why i wanted to come today . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't come to any of the other events . 
 i just did n't think i could be around ... everyone that much just yet . 
 i want to be part of your life , part of my son 's life and the lives of my grandchildren , but i ca n't promise much more than that right now . 
 just know that i 'm trying . 
 and that i 'm here for trick . '' 
 she pauses , looking away again . 
 `` and for you . '' 
 cami cups her hands over her mouth and squeezes her eyes shut . 
 i see her fingers tremble . 
 i ca n't imagine what she must be feeling . 
 but , to her credit , she recovers quickly , dropping her hands and taking leena 's in both of hers . 
 `` thank you , leena . 
 i 'll take whatever you can give . '' 
 leena glances up , obviously uncomfortable , gives cami a small smile and then steps away , gesturing toward the limo . 
 `` you 'd better get going . '' 
 `` wo n't you come with us ? '' 
 leena 's smile is more genuine this time . 
 `` that 's no place for an old lady , much less the groom 's mother . 
 you go . 
 enjoy yourself . 
 enjoy this day . '' 
 cami smiles sweetly and nods her head before she turns her glistening eyes on me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 tears are streaming down her cheeks and she 's not even trying to stop them . 
 but she 's smiling . 
 she does n't have to say it , but her wedding will be perfect now . 
 this was all she needed to be the happiest bride on the planet . 
 and i 'm glad she got it . 
 i 'm glad trick got it , too . 
 i know it 's been weighing on him more than he 'd ever admit . 
 i nod , swallowing the lump of emotion in my throat as we climb into the back of the waiting car . 
 the ride to the church is pretty ... enthusiastic . 
 we ladies chatter and giggle and tease cami about the pervy gift set we hid in the trunk with her luggage . 
 since there was no dedicated `` bridal shower , '' a couple of the girls took it upon themselves to make cami a bridal ... survival kit instead . 
 it 's a lovely cloth covered , keepsake box full of lotions and candles . 
 it just also happens to contain edible body paint , crotchless panties and a few more creative things , some of which involve batteries . 
 in short , it 's a box full of shit that will make cami 's face turn eight shades of red when she unpacks it in front of trick . 
 `` maybe he 'll spank you for being such a naughty girl , cam , '' i taunt playfully . 
 `` ohmigod , jenna ! '' 
 she 's already turning the shade that 's one step up from `` beet . '' 
 such fun being a girl and having a delicate best friend ! 
 when we arrive at the church , all the guests are inside . 
 the neighborhood is quiet and the lawn is empty , as are the steps leading up to the front doors . 
 within seconds of our arrival , xenia the wedding planner , much like xena warrior princess only with less leather and more taffeta , comes to the door and peeks out . 
 it 's like she has a spidey sense that can detect the location of the bride and groom at all times . 
 it 's kind of creepy actually . 
 she sticks one perfectly manicured hand out the door and folds her fingers in toward the church twice . 
 i can almost hear her saying in her schoolmarm voice , `` come come ! '' 
 and then she disappears back inside , no doubt off to swat some poor noisy child 's knuckles with a ruler . 
 while she might seem like the devil , holy hot damn can she plan a wedding ! 
 i bet even the flowers do n't have the nerve to drop a single petal until the festivities are over and she 's gone . 
 yeah , it 's like that . 
 we all shuffle out of the limo , up the steps and into the vestibule . 
 when i take my place at the front of the line and the noise on the other side of the doors quiets , the energy and excitement and significance of the day finally seeps in to take over everything else . 
 just like it should . 
 this is my best friend 's wedding day . 
 she 's marrying the man of her dreams and getting the life she 's always hoped for , the life every little girl prays she 'll one day be blessed with . 
 i should wan na slap the lucky bitch . 
 but i feel nothing but love and happiness and elation for her . 
 and i know it shines from the smile i turn on her when i look back between all the other perfectly-coiffed bridesmaids ' heads and meet her eyes . 
 she nods . 
 i nod . 
 and , between us , an entire conversation happens in the blink of an eye . 
 i could cry . 
 but i wo n't . 
 i 'm not sure the salon used waterproof mascara , although they 'd be complete imbeciles if they did n't . 
 a door to the left opens . 
 rusty walks through and pauses . 
 my heart stops beating right inside my chest . 
 if i thought i looked hot ... holy effin ' cow ! 
 his tux is black , his shirt is white , and his cummerbund is the same beautiful blue as my dress . 
 his hair is dark and looks freshly washed . 
 his shoulders are impossibly wide and strong as ever . 
 his waist is narrow and flows smoothly into his long legs . 
 but it 's his eyes that capture me . 
 just like always . 
 they are fastened on mine when i meet them , after i finish appraising him . 
 they 're brilliant blue . 
 and very intense . 
 it makes me wonder what 's going on behind them . 
 because something definitely is . 
 letting the door fall shut behind him , he moves slowly toward me , not stopping until he is standing so close that my boobs almost brush his lapels . 
 i get short of breath when i see his eyes travel down to my cle ** age and back up again . 
 they run all over my face , taking in every detail , even flickering up to my hair and back again . 
 finally , they settle on mine , making my nerves flare up . 
 `` hello , handsome , '' i say playfully , hoping i seem natural rather than insecure . 
 `` you look ... amazing , '' he says softly . 
 sincerely . 
 the blood that stains my cheeks is genuine . 
 i do n't blush easily , but something about his comment seems so heartfelt that my body reacts in a very physical way . 
 just as i begin to search for something else to say , it registers that there 's music playing on the other side of the door . 
 i take a deep breath , thankful for the notes that saved me from further embarrassment , and i tip my head toward the interior of the church . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 rusty nods and i smile , turning toward the sanctuary just as the ushers open the door . 
 everything flows perfectly , just like we 'd practiced at rehearsal . 
 i do my best to enjoy my best friend 's perfect day without letting doubts and insecurities about rusty tarnish it . 
 it 's hard , but i keep my focus on the bride and groom , and that makes it easier . 
 when it comes time for the vows , trick clears his throat and asks if he can say a few words . 
 the minister nods and smiles . 
 he does n't look the least bit surprised , which leads me to believe that he knew trick would do this . 
 the church is absolutely silent around us , every person , no doubt , waiting on bated breath to hear what he has say . 
 i can imagine all too easily how cami must feel right now . 
 if i was in her shoes and rusty was getting ready to say something special to me , i 'd be a mess behind my veil . 
 `` since i was a kid , i 've always known what i wanted to do with my life , '' trick begins . 
 `` i wanted to work with horses . 
 i did n't much care about the how , the what or the where , as long as i got to be around them . 
 i thought that 's all it would take to make me happy . 
 until i met you . 
 without you , those dreams were just ... empty . 
 it did n't take me long to see that without you , i could never be happy . 
 `` whether you knew it or not , i was yours from the second you looked up at me with the most beautiful eyes i 've ever seen . 
 i knew you 'd mean more to me than all the riches , all the horses , all the things the world has to offer . 
 and i was right . 
 cami , i love you with everything i am , and everything i ever hope to be . 
 from this moment on , i 'll spend the rest of my days making sure you never regret picking me . '' 
 his words float through the church like they 're on angel 's wings . 
 i 'm pretty sure every heart has stopped , just like mine has . 
 to know a love like that is everyone 's dream , whether they admit it or not . 
 and to have someone look at me the way trick 's looking at cami is my dream . 
 if he had n't said a single word , the look in his eyes says it all . 
 all he sees is cami . 
 and that 's all he needs to see . 
 it 's right there on his face , for all to behold . 
 just like he said , she 's everything to him . 
 everything . 
 my eyes flicker to rusty . 
 he 's watching me with a strangely puzzled expression . 
 i look away . 
 my heart ca n't stand the pain of it . 
 chapter twelve - rusty i grab trick 's arm after the photographer finishes taking a blue million pictures . 
 i want to catch him before he heads toward the reception hall with cami . 
 `` hey , man , can i talk to you for a sec ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he says , kissing cami 's cheek and telling her he 'll be right back . 
 we walk a few feet away . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` would i be on your shit list forever if i bailed ? '' 
 he says nothing , just eyes me suspiciously . 
 i rush to explain . 
 `` i 've got some major work to do on that car i just got in and - '' trick starts shaking his head . 
 `` stop right there , man . 
 you do n't have to make excuses for me . 
 i know you 're full of shit . 
 there 's nothing that 's that important , that you have to do today . '' 
 i have nothing to say to that . 
 because he 's right . 
 that has nothing to do with me wanting to get the hell out of here . 
 `` but , you 're my best friend and i love ya . 
 i 'm grateful you did this much for me . '' 
 i feel like a steaming pile of shit . 
 `` if it really means that much to you , i can - '' `` go , dude . 
 get out of here , '' trick says with a smile as he claps me on the shoulder . 
 `` go do what you need to do . '' 
 i know by his expression and the look in his eye what he means by me doing what i need to do . 
 he may not understand it completely -lrb- hell , i do n't even understand it completely -rrb- , but he knows me well enough to know i need to get out of here . 
 and he does n't ask questions , which i 'm grateful for . 
 this whole day has me feeling flustered . 
 jenna 's confession last night caught me off guard , although i guess i suspected that she loves me . 
 the fact is , however , that it does n't change anything . 
 i know the type of person jenna is . 
 i 've seen it before . 
 with my father . 
 already , she 's trying to hide her plans to leave . 
 she could n't even really meet my eyes in the church . 
 you can love somebody and still end up leaving them . 
 some people are just made that way-to always want greener pastures . 
 i 've seen it before . 
 and i 'm not getting attached to a person like that again . 
 i guess today just reminded me of that . 
 and it feels pretty shitty . 
 i pull trick in for a quick hug and a manly slap on the back . 
 `` be happy , man . 
 and enjoy the hell out of that honeymoon . '' 
 trick laughs . 
 `` oh , i will , but i 'm not waiting for tahiti to get this damn dry spell behind me . 
 i plan to get cami out of that dress myself here in about an hour . '' 
 i laugh , too , leaning back to pound my fist against trick 's . 
 `` get it done , my friend ! '' 
 trick nods and turns toward the reception hall , so i slip off , over the hill , through the trees and down to the parking lot behind the church to get my car . 
 i need some speed and the freedom of the road to clear my head . 
 i feel antsy as i slide in behind the wheel . 
 i loosen my bow tie as i crank the engine . 
 within seconds , i hit the gas and steer the car back toward town , and then on toward interstate . 
 i want a long , straight stretch of road that i can open it up on . 
 when i clear the entrance ramp and see that there are no cars in front of me , or even really off in the distance , i punch it , milking every last one of the four hundred plus horsepower that i can get with the modifications i made to my gto . 
 i exhale as the landscape speeds by and the engine roars around me , quieting all the shit from my past that 's mixing with the shit from my present to cloud my head . 
 i do n't want to think about then . 
 i do n't want to think about now . 
 and i sure as hell do n't want to think about the future . 
 i just want to feel the road . 
 and the speed . 
 and the fine-tuned handling of the car i practically built from the ground up . 
 i 'm so lost in the moment that i do n't see the fine spray of gravel on the road up ahead . 
 until it 's too late . 
 and i 'm spinning out of control . 
 ******** i wake to the sound of a stranger 's voice . 
 `` can you hear me , sir ? 
 sir ? 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 he repeats . 
 i feel like i 'm hanging upside down , and when i try to open my eyes , they wo n't cooperate . 
 i try to move , to right myself , but someone or something is holding my arm . 
 i try to jerk free , but pain shoots through my whole right side . 
 i hear a deep scream . 
 and then there 's nothing . 
 ******** something 's covering my face . 
 i try to raise my hand to knock it off , but my limbs feel too heavy to move . 
 i feel pressure on my right arm , like something is squeezing it tight . 
 my head feels like lead . 
 thick , numb lead . 
 again , i try to open my eyes . 
 this time they obey , and i crack them just enough that i can see bright lights overhead , but none that look familiar . 
 it seems like i 'm moving , too . 
 `` sir , can you hear me ? 
 can you tell me your name ? '' 
 the voice sounds the same , like the same guy i heard before . 
 i want to tell that bastard that if he does n't stop asking me the same questions , i 'm gon na kick his ass , but no words come out . 
 i hear only someone moaning . 
 and then there 's nothing again . 
 ******** there 's a weird beeping sound . 
 and i smell some kind of harsh chemical , like antiseptic or something . 
 when i try to turn my face away , pain sears my brain like a branding iron . 
 what the hell ? 
 the beeping speeds up and i try to open my eyes to see what 's making that god-awful noise . 
 i see a flash of hospital green , then bright lights again . 
 i hear a woman 's voice . 
 `` take deep breaths , mr. catron . 
 slow , deep breaths . 
 you 're gon na be just fine . '' 
 she sounds reasonable enough . 
 `` count to ten for me , '' she says . 
 i do n't hear my voice , but in my head i count . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 and then there 's nothing . 
 again . 
 ******** `` mr. catron ? 
 you 're all done . 
 can you open your eyes ? '' 
 i recognize her voice , even though it sounds like it 's coming to me through a tunnel a mile long . 
 my head feels a little fuzzy , but it does n't hurt as bad as it did . 
 `` yes , '' i manage to answer . 
 my tongue feels like it 's covered in cotton and my throat has never been rawer . 
 `` drink , '' i croak . 
 `` can you open your eyes and look at me ? '' 
 i 'm a little annoyed at her request , but i comply . 
 with what seems like an inordinate amount of effort , i crank my lids up and try to focus on the face hovering above me . 
 i blink twice and things seem to work a little better . 
 `` very good . 
 now i 'm going to slip a piece of ice into your mouth , okay ? 
 do n't swallow . 
 just let it melt on your tongue . '' 
 god , ice sounds wonderful ! 
 i open my mouth a little and feel like sighing when the tiny , cold sliver hits my tongue . 
 i close my eyes for a second , enjoying the liquid before i open them again , focusing more easily on the woman . 
 she 's young and very attractive . 
 her hair is dark red and pulled back into a pony tail . 
 her face is pretty and scrubbed free of makeup . 
 she 's wearing nursing scrubs . 
 i recognize them because i saw my mother in them nearly every day for the last fifteen years . 
 after dad left , she put herself through nursing school . 
 she worked the night shift for years while she went on for her master 's degree . 
 she does n't wear scrubs anymore , but she still works at the hospital . 
 `` you 're a nurse , '' i say , stating the obvious . 
 i do n't even know why i make the comment . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 do you know where you are ? '' 
 `` i assume at the hospital . '' 
 `` yes . 
 you 're just coming out of surgery . 
 do you remember what happened ? '' 
 i try to think back , but it all seems pretty blurry . 
 i remember feeling the car start to slide , and i remember seeing snatches of grass go tumbling by . 
 i vaguely remember hearing some loud , metallic sounds , but none of it really makes sense . 
 the best i can gather is that i was in a wreck , but the details just are n't there . 
 `` i suppose i wrecked , but i do n't remember much else . '' 
 `` yes , you were in a car accident . 
 you suffered a severe concussion , numerous contusions and your right arm was nearly torn off . 
 you were taken to surgery within an hour of arriving in the ambulance . 
 you 'll be spending some time in icu until we can make sure you did n't suffer any internal injuries . 
 are you in pain ? '' 
 her words jumble around in my head . 
 `` uhhh ... '' she 's telling me too much too fast . 
 i ca n't think . 
 `` on a scale of one to ten , one being no pain and ten being the worst pain you 've ever experienced , where would you rate your pain ? '' 
 i only feel pain in one spot . 
 `` my head . 
 it hurts . '' 
 `` you have a headache ? '' 
 is n't that what i just said ? 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` that could be from the anesthesia or from the narcotics . 
 once we get you upstairs , i 'll get you some tylenol . '' 
 i nod , feeling grumbly and irritated all of a sudden . 
 i close my eyes against the sight of rectangles of light passing by overhead , and i relax against the mattress of the gurney . 
 as we roll through the halls , i digest what i 've just been told . 
 `` which arm was hurt ? '' 
 i ask , unable to clearly recall everything the nurse said . 
 `` your right . '' 
 a mild feeling of alarm passes through me , but the world is too fuzzy for me to process it or dwell on it . 
 `` can i use it ? '' 
 `` you 'll need some physical therapy , but the doctor repaired everything as best he could . '' 
 `` my car ? '' 
 `` i do n't know about that , but considering the shape you arrived in , i 'm thinking it 's going to need a lot of work . '' 
 dammit ! 
 after a short trip in the elevator , the nurse wheels me down a short hall and through automatic doors . 
 the world gets quiet all of a sudden . 
 i barely hear the click of the doors closing behind us . 
 as the nurse rolls me farther into the new area , i hear muted whispers and faint beeping sounds . 
 i open my eyes again just as i 'm being backed into a room . 
 to my left is a window that looks outside . 
 the curtain is pulled shut against the setting sun . 
 to my right is a wall of windows that look out into a semi-circular configuration of counter tops-a nurse 's station . 
 this must be the icu . 
 within a few seconds , there 's a loud thump as the nurse sets my bed 's brake , and then i hear my mother 's voice . 
 `` was he able to fix it all ? '' 
 i lift my head to try and locate her , but it falls right back onto the pillow . 
 it must weigh at least fifty pounds . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i feel her cool hand take my left one . 
 `` i 'm here , jeff , '' she says in her calm , practiced , nurse voice . 
 i feel like smiling . 
 she 's the only person on the planet that calls me jeff . 
 jeffrey when she 's mad . 
 `` give me just a few minutes to talk to the nurse . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 she kisses my forehead and then i do n't hear their voices anymore . 
 i want to wait for her to come back and answer all my questions , but damn ! 
 i 'm so tired all of a sudden . 
 maybe if i rest for just a few minutes ... ******** when i wake , my eyes open immediately and effortlessly . 
 bout damn time ! 
 i think to myself . 
 i raise my head and , despite the dull throb that starts up instantly , i look around . 
 there are some people behind the tall counter of the nurse 's station . 
 all the lights are on and , when i turn to look out the windows , i see that it 's dark outside . 
 but what puzzles me is that i have to look past some kind of contraption to see . 
 my right arm is immobilized by a series of cords . 
 my upper arm is casted and there are straps coming out of it at my elbow . 
 they attach to some fixed point that i ca n't see . 
 my elbow is bent to ninety degrees and my lower arm is casted , too . 
 there are straps coming out from beneath it at my fingertips , and they attach to some wires that go up into a pulley that is counterweighted somewhere down around the foot of the bed . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i say to no one in particular . 
 a shadow falls across me and i look back toward the door . 
 my mother is standing there . 
 although not one short , strawberry hair is out of place and her clothes and makeup look like she has just come to work , there 's a frazzled look about her i 'm not used to seeing . 
 my stomach sinks . 
 `` what ? 
 something 's up . 
 i can see it on your face . '' 
 she walks farther into the room and gives me a smile as she perches on the edge of the bed . 
 `` ca n't i just be happy you 're all right ? '' 
 `` sure you can . 
 was there ever a doubt that i would be ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 you 're here just as a precaution , in case they might 've missed something internal . '' 
 `` well then , why the worry ? '' 
 `` well ... it 's just that ... jeff , your arm is in pretty bad shape . 
 and i know how impatient you are . 
 you need to understand how important it is for you to let this heal right and to realize that you 're going to be very limited for a while . 
 but if you push it , son , you could have permanent damage . '' 
 `` push it ? 
 what the hell am i gon na push ? 
 they 've got me strung up like a damn puppet ! '' 
 `` for good reason . 
 you were thrown from the car and your right arm must 've gotten tangled up in your lap belt somehow . 
 nearly tore it off . 
 your rotator cuff is torn , you dislocated your shoulder , your humerus is broken in two places , your - '' `` speak english , woman , '' i interrupt gruffly , trying to add a teasing note to my voice , but failing miserably . 
 the fact that she 's acting like this has me worried . 
 `` you dislocated your shoulder , you messed up that joint , you broke your upper arm in two places , you broke both bones in your lower arm , sustained significant ligament damage in your right hand , cracked three ribs and badly bruised your right hip . 
 you also had a concussion and they picked a bunch of glass out of your face . 
 is that plain enough for you ? '' 
 `` so what you 're saying is my whole right side is banged up ? '' 
 `` yes , to put it mildly . '' 
 `` okay , so how long will i be in here ? '' 
 `` weeks . 
 you do n't - '' `` weeks ? 
 are you kidding me ? 
 why ca n't they just put me in a normal cast and send me home in a few days ? '' 
 `` because your injuries are severe , jeffrey . 
 that 's what i 'm trying to tell you . 
 you ca n't rush this or you could have permanent damage . '' 
 `` like what kind of permanent damage ? '' 
 `` like the kind that means you could never regain full use of your right hand and arm . '' 
 oh shit . 
 now i see why she looks so upset . 
 my job , my livelihood , all my dreams depend on me being able to use my hands and arms to work on cars . 
 hell , i 'd have been better off to have broken my leg than my arm . 
 or even my left arm . 
 but not my right one . 
 god almighty , not my right one ! 
 what the hell am i gon na do about my garage ? 
 about the vehicles i 've already been contracted to restore ? 
 i was just getting that part of my dream under way . 
 it 's been slow going , but i could see it starting to take shape . 
 but now ... after this ... `` well , i guess i 'll just have to heal fast and right then . '' 
 `` i know you will . 
 if you do what they tell you . '' 
 `` i will , i will , '' i snap , already aggravated and ready to leave this conversation behind . 
 `` who else is out there ? 
 anybody ? '' 
 mom shakes her head . 
 `` you 've only been out of surgery for a couple of hours , jeff . 
 give them some time . '' 
 `` well , trick 's on his honeymoon , i 'm sure . 
 and jenna probably does n't even know yet , does she ? '' 
 `` i talked to leena . 
 she called when she heard . 
 she said she 'd tell trick , but i asked her to wait until they had a couple of days to enjoy their trip , and to tell them you were doing fine . 
 i knew you would n't want them to rush home to see you . 
 you 'll still be here when they get back . '' 
 `` no , i would n't have wanted that . '' 
 after a few seconds , i ask her again about jenna . 
 `` so you did n't call jenna then ? '' 
 i hear her sigh . 
 `` yes , i called jenna . '' 
 `` is she coming ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she hung up . '' 
 she hung up ? 
 what the hell does that mean ? 
 chapter thirteen - jenna i 've never been so torn and conflicted in my whole life ! 
 granted , i was just turning four when my mother died , but i still learned to hate the hospital . 
 luckily , she wanted to spend her last days at home , which she was able to do , but i remember the smell and the hopelessness , and riding home with my father while he cried quietly in the front seat . 
 all in all , i hate hospitals . 
 with a passion . 
 i feel short of breath just thinking about going to visit rusty . 
 so much so that i just freaked and hung up on his mother , which i 'll have to call and apologize for . 
 and i will . 
 later . 
 after i conquer step one , step one being rusty . 
 despite my fear of hospitals , despite the fact that i probably just deeply offended his mother , despite the fact that i made one of life 's biggest confessions and he said nothing , despite the fact that he totally bailed at the wedding , i 'm going to see rusty . 
 at the hospital . 
 because i love him . 
 i was more than a little hurt when i found out that he left before the reception . 
 not only did he not find me and tell me , but he almost seemed to be avoiding me altogether . 
 i just do n't understand it . 
 the only thing i can figure is that my use of the l word freaked him out . 
 i 'm sure rusty knows i love him , but i 've never gone out on a limb and told him . 
 until last night . 
 maybe this all adds up to the fact that he really does n't have deeper feelings for me . 
 maybe it 's just great sex and great companionship , nothing more . 
 it 's as i 'm pulling on a pair of jeans , getting ready to leave that i find something else to be nervous about . 
 what if he does n't want me there ? 
 what will i do then ? 
 i push the thought out of my mind . 
 i ca n't think about that right now . 
 i have to go . 
 not only is it the right thing to do , but it 's rusty . 
 and i love him . 
 and he was almost taken from me . 
 i have to see him again . 
 i have to . 
 chapter fourteen - rusty time feels different for some reason . 
 slower . 
 like every minute is an hour . 
 maybe because i 've slept so much . 
 maybe because i ca n't sleep now . 
 maybe it 's because i 'm waiting . 
 on jenna . 
 i do n't know what to think about her anymore . 
 i ca n't figure her out . 
 and i 'm not sure i should even try . 
 i was hoping i was wrong about her , that she 's really not like my dad . 
 he always thought there was something better somewhere else , too . 
 so he left . 
 he abandoned me and mom , and never looked back . 
 i 've always been bound and determined that i wo n't make the same mistake she did . 
 and , the more i think about it , the more i realize that leopards do n't change their spots . 
 the things i loved so much about jenna are likely some of the very things that will take her away from me . 
 i guess you really ca n't have your cake and eat it , too . 
 maybe i should just let her go . 
 if she hated greenfield before , she 'd hate it twice as much if she felt like she had to stay to take care of an invalid who may or may not have a future at all . 
 no , the days of me having anything to offer jenna that could compete with the rest of the world are over . 
 i guess it 's time to cut her loose before she cuts and runs . 
 chapter fifteen - jenna as it turns out , my memory -lrb- and probably my imagination , to some degree -rrb- had vilified hospitals much more than necessary . 
 at least so far , i think as i ride the elevator to the third floor . 
 i 'm inclined to rethink my bravado when the doors open and a long sterile hallway stretches out before me . 
 the heavy scent of sanitizer stings my nose and makes me think of unpleasant things , of sick people and dying people and people who are lost without each other . 
 in a way , at least in the way my memory reacts , it 's like the hospital took my mother from me . 
 visit by visit , month by month . 
 the doors start to close again , so i step out in a hurry . 
 after two deep , shaky breaths , i start to turn back , only to find them closed and my means of escape gone . 
 for a second , panic strikes . 
 i spin in a wild circle , looking for the glowing red exit sign . 
 i feel my forehead prickle with sweat as the walls draw closer and closer and the air gets thicker and thicker . 
 oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ! 
 finally , i spot the exit . 
 i take a step toward it , but a swell of heat gushes over my face , making the room swim right before my eyes . 
 i reach for the wall , anything that 's steady in a world that 's grown disturbingly unstable . 
 why did i come ? 
 why did i come ? 
 my palm hits the cool concrete of the wall and i lean toward it , pressing my cheek to the pale , painted surface . 
 my pulse is racing , my heart is thumping and my addled mind is struggling to answer my own simple question . 
 why did i come ? 
 why did i come ? 
 but finally , like a cool breeze to parched skin , my head clears enough for me to feel the answer . 
 rusty . 
 i came for rusty . 
 i close my eyes and take a deep , steadying breath . 
 just the thought of him , of the fact that he was so nearly taken from my life in a very permanent , irrevocable way , gives me the focus i need to get a grip on myself . 
 i do n't move for several long minutes as i wait for my calm to be restored . 
 still leaning heavily against the hard wall , i give my shaky legs a test . 
 they do n't feel strong by any means , but they 're strong enough to support me . 
 that 's the main thing . 
 i push away from the concrete and smooth my hair before i turn my back to the wall and face , head on , the two intimidating wooden doors in front of me . 
 as i approach , i read the large , red lettering emblazoned across both panels . 
 authorized personnel only . 
 i hardly fit that description . 
 i chew my lip as i think of what to do now . 
 as i look casually from left to right , i see the little buzzer to one side of the door . 
 there 's a sign below it that has a schedule of icu visiting hours and the procedure for getting inside . 
 following the directions , i depress the buzzer and wait . 
 after a few seconds , a pleasant enough sounding voice comes on . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 `` um , i 'm here to see rust - er , i mean , i 'm here to see jeff catron . '' 
 `` hold please . '' 
 the line goes dead , leaving me standing in front of the door , staring at the box like an idiot . 
 i look all around to make sure no one is watching me . 
 i 'm still alone , thank god . 
 finally , she comes back on . 
 `` room three oh four . 
 come on back . '' 
 a click is followed by a loud buzzing sound just before the two doors swing open in opposite directions , allowing me to pass into the sick people inner sanctum . 
 the center of the large , bland room is dominated by an enormous nurse 's station . 
 arranged in a semi-circle around it is a ring of patient rooms , all with glass windows and doors that allow the nurses to see inside unless the curtain is drawn . 
 i look to my left and see room three-twelve . 
 i figure rusty is all the way at the other end , so i start walking along the rounded edge of the nurse 's station until i get to his room . 
 the curtain is drawn and i hear no sounds coming from behind it . 
 hesitantly , i knock on the metal frame that surrounds the open glass door . 
 `` come in , '' i hear rusty say . 
 my heart skips a beat and i wipe my damp palms on the butt of my jeans before i pull back the nondescript beige curtain . 
 when i peek inside , i see rusty lying in bed , his arm attached to all sorts of wires or ropes or something . 
 his cheeks already show the signs of dark stubble , as though the strain of the last hours has taken its toll in a very physical way . 
 the frown he 's wearing only adds to that impression . 
 `` hey , '' i say weakly . 
 he narrows his eyes on me before he speaks . 
 `` hey , '' he responds in kind , not making me feel any better about things . 
 `` can i. . . 
 can i come in ? '' 
 `` i just said ` come in , ' did n't i ? '' 
 i 'm sure the small curve of his lips is an attempt to soften his snappy reply , but it does n't sting my heart any less . 
 pulling up my big girl panties , i return his tight smile and step through the curtain , heading for the only chair in the room . 
 i perch on the edge , clinging to my purse like a lifeline . 
 `` so , how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` how do i look like i 'm feeling ? '' 
 he asks with a short bark-of-a-laugh . 
 `` i 'm sure you 've been better . '' 
 `` yeah , i 've been better . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 i mean , obviously you were in a wreck , but ... '' rusty takes a deep breath and shrugs . 
 `` i 'm still fuzzy on some of the details , but from what i remember , i hit some gravel on the interstate and slid into the median . 
 must 've caught it just right and flipped the goat a few times . '' 
 although he casually refers to his gto as a `` goat , '' which he does often , and his tone is matter of fact , i do n't get the impression that he 's so blase about the accident . 
 `` that sounds bad . '' 
 he shrugs again . 
 `` could 've been worse . '' 
 `` yeah , like if you 'd been killed . 
 but my god , look at you . 
 how many injuries did you have ? '' 
 `` torn rotator cuff , dislocated shoulder , multiple breaks in my arm , three cracked ribs and a variety of cuts , scrapes and bruises . '' 
 i cringe at the ache around my heart . 
 it hurts me to think about rusty being hurt . 
 and , as i look at him , lying in the bed all bandaged and tied up , it hurts me even more to know there 's nothing i can do to help him . 
 `` how - how long until you 're able to ... how long will you be in here ? '' 
 i see his frown before he looks out the window behind my head , and i realize it was n't the right question to ask . 
 something about it bothered him . 
 but honestly , i do n't know what to say . 
 he 's acting like he could care less that i 'm here and it 's making me want to go all the more . 
 `` probably quite a while . 
 too long for you to be hanging around here , '' he says , not even bothering to look at me as he speaks . 
 his words are like so many daggers to my heart . 
 my worst fear has been confirmed . 
 rusty really does n't want me around . 
 i guess i was good enough for some fun , but not good enough to keep . 
 with my heart shriveling inside my chest , it 's all i can do to fight back tears . 
 i turn to look out the window as well , staring into the increasing darkness as i collect myself . 
 and as i think about rusty and his brutal dismissal , i do what i can to keep it together . 
 i get mad . 
 `` well , that 's probably a good thing . 
 i hate hospitals , '' i say , turning back to look at him , forcing a smile onto my face . 
 `` do n't feel like you have to come back then . 
 it wo n't hurt my feelings . '' 
 more daggers . 
 i want to scream at him , to tell him i went through hell just to get here , just to get to him tonight . 
 but i do n't . 
 i do n't want his pity . 
 or a pat on the back . 
 i do n't want him to be kind to me because i 've `` earned '' it . 
 so , instead , i give what i 'm getting . 
 tit for tat . 
 casual for casual . 
 unaffected for unaffected . 
 i nod as i lean forward , getting ready to stand . 
 `` okay . 
 maybe i 'll stop by again before i leave , if i have time . '' 
 `` before you leave ? 
 running already ? '' 
 something in his tone is snide . 
 `` i 'm not running , '' i reply defensively . 
 `` i just graduated college . 
 i 've got to go get a job eventually . '' 
 `` that should be easy . 
 i 'm sure you 've got a few things lined up already . 
 an escape plan . '' 
 his tone is so bitter and my heart drops through the concrete floor . 
 now i definitely ca n't tell him i 've got interviews . 
 i wo n't give him the satisfaction of knowing he 's right . 
 it 's my turn to narrow my eyes on rusty . 
 `` what the hell is your problem ? '' 
 `` problem ? 
 what makes you think i have a problem ? '' 
 `` you make it sound like i 'm running away from something , when all i 'm doing is starting my life . '' 
 `` right . 
 and that 's exactly what you should be doing . 
 the timing is perfect . 
 this is for the best . 
 you need to get on with your plans away from here . '' 
 i sit , looking at his handsome face , while my heart is spewing blood around the wound of his sharp words . 
 he continues , driving the knife in a little deeper . 
 `` you need to find a place you can make new friends . 
 find a job that you love . 
 find some happiness . '' 
 his words say he wants me to go and find happiness , but something about his attitude belies his well-wishing . 
 in a way , i feel like he 's blaming me for wanting more . 
 `` why is it that when you say it , it sounds like a bad thing ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . 
 must be your imagination . '' 
 `` it 's not my imagination , rusty , '' i say , standing to my feet . 
 `` do you blame me for wanting to get a job using the education i spent the last four years getting ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i knew that 's what you 'd do . '' 
 `` again , you make it sound like a bad thing . '' 
 `` i 'm not making it sound like anything . 
 i 'm just saying what we both already knew , jenna . 
 you 're getting ready to go . 
 it was just a matter of time . '' 
 `` oh , so now i 'm a terrible person for not wanting to hang around greenfield for the rest of my life ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` but that 's what you meant . '' 
 `` do n't tell me what i meant , '' he bites . 
 `` you 're not the kind to settle , jenna . 
 that 's all i 'm saying . 
 you 're the kind who has big plans for a better life . 
 and that does n't include this town or the people in it . 
 we both knew that . 
 and it was fun while it lasted . 
 no reason to drag it out . '' 
 that hurts . 
 i told him i love him less than twenty-four hours ago . 
 although it does seems like an eternity now , rusty acts like it never happened , like i never had any feelings for him . 
 he makes it sound as though we were a convenient way to pass my time in greenfield , nothing more . 
 like we were destined for failure . 
 `` wow , '' i say , trying to keep the hurt from my voice . 
 i dig deep for a little bit of pride to help me get out of this without making things worse than they already are . 
 `` you 've got me all figured out then , do n't you , rusty ? '' 
 `` it is what it is , jenna . '' 
 `` i guess i wo n't be bothering you anymore then . '' 
 head held high , i stride across the room toward the door . 
 i make each step as long as i can , giving rusty every chance to stop me . 
 to tell me i 'm wrong . 
 to ask me to stay . 
 but he does n't . 
 when he speaks , it 's just to tell me goodbye . 
 `` i wish you well , jenna , '' rusty says softly as i pull the curtain back . 
 i do n't turn around when i answer . 
 `` thanks , rusty . 
 you , too . '' 
 when i let the curtain fall behind me , i do run this time . 
 i run until i 'm in an empty floor in an empty elevator , holding a handful of tears . 
 chapter sixteen - rusty there 's absolutely no doubt i have qualms about the last words jenna and i said to each other . 
 unfortunately , she did as i asked and she stayed away . 
 not only has it been lonely and boring , but i 've got too much time on my hands to think about her . 
 i teeter between regret and bitterness . 
 on the one hand , i feel like i pushed her away . 
 maybe she would 've proved me right and gone anyway . 
 but maybe , just maybe , she 'd have proved me wrong and she 'd have hung around . 
 if i had n't practically pushed her out the door , that is . 
 but after dwelling on that for a little while , bitterness rushes in . 
 even if jenna had stayed longer , it would n't have been permanent . 
 and i 'm nobody 's charity case . 
 i do n't want her hanging around here because she feels sorry for me . 
 oh , hell no ! 
 needless to say , i 'm pretty much a bear by the time trick and cami get home from their honeymoon and come to see me . 
 `` got a regular room now , huh , haus ? 
 i heard you spent some time in the icu , '' trick says as he strides in , cami 's hand tucked firmly in his . 
 they 're both tan and glowing . 
 and not just the skin kind of glowing . 
 it 's the kind that radiates from somewhere deeper , the kind that comes from being happy all the way down to your soul . 
 `` good god , it 's about time ! '' 
 i say . 
 `` i 'm surprised there 's anything left of her . 
 how long has it been ? '' 
 trick laughs . 
 cami blushes . 
 `` just two weeks , you dick . 
 what the hell 's the matter with you ? '' 
 `` other than the obvious ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , smart ass . 
 other than the obvious . '' 
 `` i 'm in here . 
 is n't that enough ? '' 
 `` i figured you 'd be milking this and getting three sponge baths a day from jenna , '' he teases . 
 `` not hardly . '' 
 trick gives me an exasperated sigh . 
 `` all right , what 'd you say to her ? 
 this has to be your fault . 
 otherwise , jenna would probably be here right now , soaping up her sponge . '' 
 `` you mean you have n't talked to her since you got back ? '' 
 `` i have n't . '' 
 we both look at cami . 
 her eyes get wide and her expression turns to that of a cornered animal . 
 `` what ? 
 we literally just drove in from the airport . 
 i have n't seen anybody yet . '' 
 `` have n't seen , but have you talked to anybody ? '' 
 trick asks . 
 cami 's mouth opens a couple of times like she wants to say something , but finally she closes it and sighs . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` jenna ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and , she asked if we 'd been by yet . 
 i told her we had n't . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 cami looks from me to trick and back again . 
 she rocks back on her heels and drops trick 's hand to smack her own together . 
 `` so , where 's the vending machine ? 
 i need to get a bottle of water or something . 
 i 'm thirsty . '' 
 likely story , i think . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 `` i walked by some yesterday when they let me out of bed to do pt . 
 down the hall and to the left . '' 
 `` they already let you out of bed ? '' 
 trick asks after cami leaves . 
 `` hell yeah , they did ! 
 i almost kissed the poor guy that was my nurse yesterday when he told me . 
 before that , my arm was in traction . 
 i could n't even take a piss without it being a big production . '' 
 `` how 'd you do when you finally got to get up ? '' 
 `` they wanted me to take it slow . 
 evidently i strained some ligaments in my hip pretty bad . 
 but i was bound and determined that , come hell or high water , i was getting out of this damn bed . 
 i wanted 'em to know i was ready to be discharged . '' 
 i pause before i finish telling him what happened . 
 it 's during that time that trick , my best friend who knows me better than anybody , figures it out . 
 `` busted your ass , did n't you ? '' 
 i ca n't help but grin . 
 `` pretty much . 
 i was a lot weaker than i thought i 'd be . 
 when the therapist got me up , i tried to walk ahead . 
 thought i 'd show him how self-sufficient i am . 
 well , i showed him all right . '' 
 trick throws back his head and laughs . 
 i shake my head , letting him get it out of his system . 
 `` did it get better after they scooped up your pathetic ass ? '' 
 `` yeah , a little . 
 i 'm still kinda weak , but i 'm doing as much as i can from the bed . 
 i 'll be out of here as soon as is humanly possible . '' 
 trick nods his head , still smiling . 
 when the silence stretches on , he steps closer to the bed . 
 `` so , what happened with jenna ? 
 you did something stupid , did n't you ? '' 
 `` man , why do you always take her side ? '' 
 `` because i know you . 
 you 're a guy . 
 we do stupid shit . '' 
 `` well , it was n't me this time . 
 she was getting ready to leave soon anyway . 
 i spared her the trouble of having to come back up here and babysit . '' 
 `` you really are an idiot , are n't you ? '' 
 `` no , because i was right . 
 she 's not staying around here , trick . 
 that was never her plan . 
 and it still is n't . 
 she 's getting a job somewhere else . 
 period . 
 the end . '' 
 `` just because she does n't want to live in this town forever does n't mean she does n't want to be with you . 
 hell , you even talk about getting away from here and opening up a classic restoration shop near a big city . 
 how is that any different ? '' 
 `` because i 'd never leave someone i loved . 
 not for a job , not for anything . '' 
 `` have you ever asked her to stay ? 
 for you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i know she does n't want to . 
 why would i ask her to stay when i know she does n't want to ? '' 
 `` then how the hell can you be mad at her for leaving ? '' 
 i 'm getting irritated . 
 `` look , i ca n't explain it to you . 
 you obviously do n't get it . 
 she 's not the kind to stick around . 
 that 's it . 
 it was a fun thing while it lasted . 
 now it 's over . 
 leave it the hell alone , will ya ? '' 
 trick just shakes his head , but he does n't say anything more about it . 
 even though , in a way , i wish he would . 
 chapter seventeen - jenna i wander aimlessly through the house . 
 i stroll through the den , with its comfy brown sofa and dark cream walls , then into the dining room . 
 i let my fingers trail over the chair backs , making note of the worn edges . 
 it 's the suit my grandparents gave to my parents as a housewarming gift when they signed over the orchard then left for retirement in florida . 
 it was brand new once upon a time . 
 now it looks old and worn . 
 and loved . 
 every smooth spot , every faded spot is the result of being handled thousands of times by mom and dad , and by jake and me . 
 although my father sent us off to school shortly after my mother 's death , this house still holds a million precious memories . 
 they 're just not enough to make me want to stay here . 
 few things are . 
 i move on into the kitchen , noticing , as i always do , the faint smell of peaches . 
 it must be permanently embedded in the wood of the floors and the plaster of the walls . 
 the kitchen always smells sweet , just like the orchard outside . 
 `` how much longer you gon na be able to put these people off , jenna ? '' 
 startled , i whirl around toward the back door . 
 i find cristos theopolis , my father , standing there watching me . 
 his eyes are the same warm honey color as my brother 's , only right now , they hold concern . 
 that 's the only difference because jake 's never do . 
 somehow , life made his heart hard and mostly inaccessible . 
 i sigh . 
 `` a little while longer . 
 it 's just an interview , daddy . '' 
 `` just an interview . 
 just the rest of your life , you mean . '' 
 `` who 's to say i 'd even like working there ? 
 a degree in business with a focus in marketing is hardly a narrow field . 
 i could work anywhere , in any number of settings . '' 
 `` it 's a great company , jenna . 
 you 're the one who tried to sell me on them just a couple of months ago . 
 why the sudden hesitation ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . 
 i do n't know , '' i say with a shrug , making my way to the kitchen window to look out . 
 `` what 's gotten into you , jen ? 
 lately , you 're so distracted . 
 you seem restless and ... well , unhappy . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` i guess i was just hoping rusty would be out of the hospital before i left . '' 
 `` rusty ? 
 i thought you two broke up . '' 
 `` we did . 
 if we were ever really together , that is . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i sigh again . 
 `` oh nothing . 
 i guess i 'm just ... waiting . '' 
 `` on what ? 
 what is it you think will happen if he gets out before you go ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , i - '' `` do you think he might propose ? 
 i mean , you 're broken up . 
 would n't waiting around be silly ? 
 maybe you ought to move on . '' 
 his words hit a tender spot . 
 `` god , daddy , i 'm not stupid . 
 i know he 's not gon na get out and come to beg me back . 
 but i 'd like to make sure his life gets back to normal , you know ? '' 
 `` and if it does n't ? 
 what then ? 
 what is it you think you 'll be able to do for him ? '' 
 `` i ca n't do anything for him . 
 i know that . 
 but if things do n't work out for him around here ... '' `` jenna , you 've got to stop this . 
 you ca n't put your life on hold for a boy . '' 
 `` he 's not a boy , daddy . 
 and he 's not just ' a boy ' anyway . 
 i love him . 
 if there 's even a small chance that we could be together , i 'll wait for it . '' 
 even to my own ears , i sound deluded and pathetic . 
 and that breaks my heart into even smaller pieces . 
 i seem to be the only one who ca n't let go , who ca n't move on . 
 `` you 'd want him to come to you just because he 's got nothing else left ? 
 you 'd want him to choose you because there 's no better option ? '' 
 that 's like a scalpel to my stomach . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` then how long do you wait , honey ? 
 how long is too long ? 
 have you ever thought of that ? 
 what is the cut-off for him choosing you first ? 
 because you deserve to be first . '' 
 for the millionth time , i feel the burn of tears at the back of my eyes . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i ca n't leave yet . 
 i ca n't do it , daddy . '' 
 i feel like i 'm hanging on by the world 's thinnest thread of hope . 
 but it 's not enough to hold me together . 
 i crumble . 
 `` i just ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't leave him like that . '' 
 i bury my face in my hands . 
 within a few seconds , i feel strong , familiar arms come around me . 
 one hand strokes my hair as my father soothes me . 
 `` shhh , baby girl . 
 it 'll all work out . 
 i promise . 
 just let it happen like it 's supposed to . 
 do n't fight it . '' 
 the problem with that advice is that i 'm afraid i already know how it 's supposed to work out . 
 i 'm just not sure i can live with it . 
 chapter eighteen - rusty i guess that 's what happens when you 're a total ass ** le to pretty much everyone-they stop coming to see you . 
 i was blaming my grouchy mood on being confined in a twelve by twelve room with one window , a door and a lot of machinery , but now i 'm beginning to see what the problem really is . 
 every person that walks through the door who 's not jenna pisses me off . 
 instantly . 
 trick was coming to see me every day at first and staying for a couple hours at a time , but now he stops by once and never really settles in . 
 i can tell he 's anxious to leave five minutes after he arrives . 
 it does n't help that , two weeks ago , after his first visit back from his honeymoon , i told both him and cami that i did n't want to talk about jenna . 
 so we do n't . 
 ever . 
 they never mention her . 
 and , of course , i never ask . 
 i guess she 's gone and gotten her a great job somewhere . 
 and i guess i 'll never know unless i swallow some damn pride and ask . 
 but , then again , do i really want to know ? 
 do i really want to know how happy she is , living somewhere else , without me ? 
 no , not really . 
 that feels an awful lot like twisting the knife . 
 with trick 's visit for the day already over and done with , the only thing i have to look forward to is pt . 
 they tell me that i 'm doing so well with my deep breathing , my range of motion exercises , and my ambulation -lrb- a fancy word for walking -rrb- that i 'll soon be discharged until my arm cast comes off . 
 then i 'll start pt all over again . 
 that 's all fine and good . 
 i just want out of this place . 
 a.s.a.p. i need to get on with my life , too . 
 whatever kind of life that may be . 
 chapter nineteen - jenna `` so , how is he ? 
 is he getting stronger ? 
 did he get a discharge date yet ? '' 
 i pound cami with questions the instant she answers the phone . 
 i know trick was supposed to go for his morning visit and should be back by now . 
 `` whoa , whoa , whoa ! 
 give me ten seconds to answer each one . 
 sheesh , '' she moans . 
 i give her absolute silence as i wait . 
 `` trick 's still calling him a ` grouchy bastard ' if that tells you anything about how he is . 
 still not happy about being in the hospital . 
 yes , he is getting stronger . 
 he 's aced all his pt stuff and is up walking the halls at all hours of the day and night , evidently . 
 and yes , he got a date . 
 well sort of . '' 
 i feel a gasp stick in my chest . 
 `` what do you mean he ` sort of ' got a date ? '' 
 `` they 're saying within the next couple of days . 
 i have no idea what the date is contingent upon . '' 
 `` well why did n't trick ask ? '' 
 `` jenna ! 
 he does n't think like you do . 
 he 's a guy . 
 remember ? '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm just so curious . '' 
 `` i know , '' she says , her tone quiet . 
 somber . 
 i pause , debating the wisdom of asking my next question . 
 i 've asked it a couple of times before and the answer always upsets me . 
 but still , i ca n't seem to help myself from holding onto hope . 
 at least for a little while longer . 
 `` did he ask about me ? '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` no . '' 
 although , yes , there 's a stabbing pain through my heart , i also get irritated . 
 how the hell can he just move on like that ? 
 `` so he has n't mentioned me , not one time , since y ' all have been back ? '' 
 static crackles on the line between us . 
 and my heart drops through the floorboards of my bedroom . 
 `` tell me , cami . 
 i need to know . 
 i 'm driving myself crazy , and if something has happened , i need to know . '' 
 `` nothing has happened ... '' she says vaguely . 
 `` then what was said ? '' 
 `` the second time i went to see him , he said he did n't want to talk about you , not to bring you up . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 i ask , my voice small even to my own ears . 
 `` he said he was tired of hearing about it . '' 
 i can hear the pain in cami 's words . 
 she hates to tell me something so hurtful , but i cornered her by asking juuuust the right question . 
 otherwise , she 'd never have told me , never have hurt me with this . 
 but i needed to know . 
 as much as it hurts , i needed to know . 
 i look down at my hand , shaking where it rests on my thigh . 
 the air around me feels thick and unbreathable . 
 my head throbs with the need to scream . 
 or cry . 
 or come apart . 
 i clear my throat then take a deep breath , refusing to let my best friend see how deeply wounded i am . 
 she 's seen enough , heard enough . 
 i wo n't continue to do this to her . 
 `` well , in that case , i guess i have some phone calls to make . '' 
 `` jenna , i 'm so sorry . 
 i do n't know what ... i really thought ... '' `` do n't be sorry . 
 we both hoped . 
 and we were both wrong . 
 turns out neither of us know rusty very well . '' 
 `` wh-what are you going to do ? '' 
 she asks carefully . 
 `` i 'm calling human resources at those two places i 've been putting off . 
 if they 've still got openings , i 'm going to set up an interview again . 
 only this time , i 'm going . 
 there 's nothing holding me here . 
 nothing and no one . '' 
 and , for the first time since i met rusty , i feel that 's absolutely , one hundred percent true . 
 `` why do n't you come over tonight ? 
 i 'll rent some movies and we can hang out . 
 or we could go to lucky 's . 
 whatever you want to do . '' 
 i smile . 
 even though i 'm hiding it from her , cami knows me well enough to know i 'm dying on the inside . 
 and , no doubt , she 's worried about me . 
 `` nah . 
 i 'll leave you two newlyweds to your perverted sexcapades . 
 i think i 'll stay here with daddy . 
 i need to spend some quality time with him since i wo n't be here much longer . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's probably a good idea . '' 
 she sounds a little hurt by my choice . 
 `` because you know as well as i do that he wo n't be visiting me when i move , like you will . 
 the man refuses to leave home . '' 
 `` yeah , what 's up with that ? 
 what 's so fabulous about staying in greenfield all the time ? '' 
 `` well , it 's not really greenfield , it 's this house . 
 it 's where he spent time with mom . 
 i do n't think he 'll ever love another place as much as he loves this one . '' 
 cami sighs . 
 `` that 's so sweet . '' 
 `` i know . 
 unless it ruins your life . '' 
 `` yeah , love can go either way . 
 if you let it . '' 
 `` i guess so . 
 i suppose sometimes you just have to cut your losses . '' 
 `` sometimes you do , '' she agrees . 
 the question is : how ? 
 chapter twenty - rusty i glance up at the clock on the wall . 
 it 's after seven in the evening . 
 `` what are you still doing around here ? '' 
 i ask mom when she wanders in . 
 normally , she visits me several times throughout the day and then goes home to do stuff around the house around six or so . 
 she does n't answer me right away . 
 she just walks toward me , arms crossed over her chest , and sits on the edge of my bed . 
 she looks like she 's deep in thought . 
 `` did i ever tell you that your father came back after he left that last time ? '' 
 i feel like shaking my head to clear it . 
 talk about out of the blue ! 
 `` what ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 she looks off into the distance , a wistful smile on her face . 
 `` your father had big dreams . 
 and he was a very determined man . 
 stubborn . 
 a lot like you . 
 he thought there was more to life than small town living . '' 
 i grit my teeth . 
 it aggravates me to think of him , to think of what he did to mom , to us , much less talk about it . 
 `` i know . 
 he was an ass ** le . 
 you deserved better . '' 
 `` you 'd get so excited when he 'd come home . 
 you were on cloud nine , right up until he left again . 
 then you 'd be depressed for days . 
 sometimes you would n't eat . 
 i 'd get letters from your teachers . 
 it was a cycle . 
 it was hard on you . '' 
 `` but once he left for good , we did just fine without him . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 we did . 
 but he came back once , once that you did n't know about . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` so ? 
 what 's one more time ? '' 
 `` he asked me if we 'd go with him . 
 he 'd gotten a job with a country singer , on the road crew . 
 unloading equipment from the trucks . 
 he just knew it would be his big break . 
 and he wanted us to come with him . '' 
 i 'm not sure how i feel about this new information , but i 'm confused as to why she 's telling me this now . 
 `` obviously you told him no , right ? '' 
 `` right . 
 i told him no . 
 i knew nothing would make you happier than to have both of us together , but he was n't thinking about you like he should 've . 
 he was n't thinking like a parent . 
 what about school ? 
 what about stability ? 
 you ca n't raise a child on the road , as a hired hand for a country singer . '' 
 `` so he left us for his big dream . 
 i already knew that , mom , even if i did n't know he came back that last time . '' 
 `` yes , the end result was the same . 
 but you know , i could 've asked him to stay . 
 and he would 've . 
 and things would 've gone on like they always had . 
 but i still loved him , and i wanted him to be happy . 
 i knew he could never be happy around here . 
 and i knew you needed more than sporadic visits or life on the road . 
 so i made the only choice i felt like i could . 
 i told him to stay away . 
 i told him to go chase his dreams , to find what happiness he could out there , but i told him to forget about us . 
 i knew you 'd never have a chance to heal if he kept coming in and out of your life . '' 
 even though i understand why she did what she did , i 'm not certain i can see why she kept it from me all this time . 
 she let me think he abandoned us because he loved his dreams more than he loved us . 
 in a way , that was true . 
 but he would 've kept coming around if she had n't told him not to . 
 and i 'm just not sure how i feel about it now , how i feel about him . 
 and her . 
 `` mom , why are you telling me this now ? '' 
 i ask , my tone rife with frustration . 
 `` because i could always see how it hurt you when he would come and then go , but i never saw how much it hurt you that he left and never came back . 
 but i 'm seeing it now . 
 and i do n't want you to live your life based on a single event when you do n't have all the information . '' 
 i do n't even know what to say to that . 
 i want to ask her what the hell she 's talking about or if she 's been taking someone else 's meds . 
 but i do n't . 
 because the more i think about it , the more i think i know what she 's trying to say . 
 and the more i think she 's trying to help me not lose someone i 'll regret losing for the rest of my life . 
 chapter twenty-one - jenna a loud bark at my right ear provides me with a very rude awakening . 
 after spending a nearly sleepless night tossing and turning , agonizing over the situation with rusty , i 'm not entirely surprised when i roll over to look at the clock and see that it 's almost noon . 
 einstein , my eerily intelligent , solid white labradoodle , barks again , throwing his muddy paws up on the side of the bed and scratching at me with his blunt claws . 
 `` einstein , no ! '' 
 i chastise . 
 he stares me down for several seconds , panting heavily . 
 finally , he slides his feet off the bed then turns and trots to my closet . 
 he brings back one tennis shoe , drops it on the floor beside the bed and barks again . 
 `` it 's too early to walk , '' i tell him , flopping back down on my pillow . 
 i hear his toenails on the hardwoods and a few seconds later the thonk of another shoe hitting the floor . 
 another bark . 
 `` einstein , i said no ! '' 
 another scrape from a big paw has me up and out of the bed . 
 angrily , i grab his collar and tow him toward the door . 
 that 's when i hear the sound of a loud engine pulling up in front of the house . 
 i stop and listen . 
 einstein is absolutely still as he watches me . 
 he 's a very smart dog and this behavior is n't like him . 
 a little thread of alarm snakes its way down my spine . 
 i hear the engine shut off . 
 then a door slam . 
 then another . 
 and then someone is shouting , `` he 's in orchard . 
 this way . '' 
 the voice is heavily accented and unfamiliar , making me think it 's one of the pickers . 
 but if someone is hurt out in the orchard , why is a picker at the house doing the talking rather than my father ? 
 apprehension brings me fully awake . 
 i reason to myself that it 's probably because daddy is still in the orchard . 
 he 's not the type of person to leave someone who 's hurt . 
 he 'd send someone else for help . 
 he probably called 911 from his cell phone and then told one of the pickers to go wait for the paramedics to arrive . 
 jumping out of bed and rushing to the window , i pull back the pale pink sheer curtain and peek through the slats of my blinds . 
 there 's an ambulance in my driveway . 
 i catch the departure of a dark-haired guy , dressed in jeans and a white t-shirt -lrb- obviously the picker -rrb- leading two uniform-clad emergency workers through the gate and into the orchard . 
 something is obviously very wrong ; they 're wasting no time as they disappear into the trees , carrying the supply-laden stretcher between them . 
 again , einstein barks at me , urging me toward the door . 
 his persistence is making me more nervous than anything , so i hurry downstairs to the kitchen and grab the walkie talkie from the counter . 
 it stays in the same spot at all times . 
 everyone knows never to move it . 
 i press the button and speak into it . 
 `` daddy ? 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 i hear a crackle of static followed by silence . 
 i wait several seconds for a response . 
 when i get none , i call again . 
 `` cris theopolis , what 's your twenty ? '' 
 using truck driver speak always , always , always makes me laugh . 
 it always has , since i was a little girl . 
 always . 
 except for today . 
 today it 's not funny . 
 and the reason is because my father always , always , always answers right away . 
 always . 
 except for today . 
 like i 've swallowed a lump of lead , the pit of my stomach feels heavy with dread . 
 something is terribly wrong . 
 i can feel it like cold breath on the nape of my neck . 
 the skin on my arms pebbles with chills . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 i call again . 
 i know there 's anxiety in my voice and that i probably do n't sound very much like myself . 
 it 's hard to speak past the fingers of fear that are squeezing my throat . 
 finally another crackle of static is followed by a voice , but it 's not my father 's . 
 `` who this ? '' 
 the man asks , his english broken . 
 fear erupts into terror . 
 `` this is jenna theopolis . 
 my father owns this property . 
 i need to speak with him please . '' 
 `` the men just now get here . 
 they take him to hospital . 
 ca n't talk right now . '' 
 the line goes dead again . 
 and panic sets in . 
 i 'm alone . 
 i have little information and a nearly unbearable weight on my chest . 
 and my father is out in the orchard . 
 somewhere . 
 hurt . 
 my heart is hammering against my ribs , threatening to break them into tiny pieces if i do n't find out what 's going on . 
 taking the stairs two at a time , i race to my room and throw on some clothes . 
 less than five minutes later , i grab the walkie that never moves and i hit the front door , fully dressed and ready to scour every inch of the orchard for my father if need be . 
 something tells me i should wait , that going out is n't the best thing to do , but i ignore that voice . 
 i 'm not a `` wait '' kind of person ; i 'm an `` act '' kind of person . 
 for better or worse , to make a move or to move on , i act . 
 and now , i 'm acting . 
 i 'm going in search of my father . 
 einstein and i stop at the fence . 
 i squat and grab his face in my hands , looking directly into his somber , intelligent brown eyes . 
 `` take me to daddy , einstein . 
 take me to him . '' 
 with a bark , einie takes off running east . 
 i 'm hot on his heels , oblivious to the tears streaming down my face and the ache in my legs as i dodge trunks and branches to pursue the dog as he runs through the trees rather than up the lanes between them . 
 another bark and einstein abruptly cuts left down a row . 
 i hurry to catch him . 
 when i step out into the opening , i see a picker leading the two paramedics toward me , back in the direction of the house . 
 between the emergency workers is the stretcher . 
 atop it is my father . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 i yell , my voice cracking with emotion . 
 three pairs of eyes are watching me as i race toward them . 
 my father does n't move . 
 when i reach them , they do n't stop . 
 they are walking briskly . 
 they do n't even slow down long enough to let me talk to my father . 
 i walk alongside the stretcher . 
 my dad is lying prone , covered in a white sheet and strapped in so that he ca n't move or fall off . 
 an oxygen mask is covering the lower part of his face , a face that 's unusually ashen . 
 his eyes are closed and , when i reach out to touch the top of the arm closest to me , the lids do n't even flicker . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 he does n't respond . 
 his eyelashes do n't flutter . 
 he does n't turn his head . 
 he does n't move a muscle . 
 oh god ! 
 oh god ! 
 oh god ! 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask in general , speaking to anyone who will answer me . 
 one of the emts answers . 
 i can tell by his kind expression that he 's trying to be gentle , which upsets me all the more . 
 what is he hiding ? 
 `` we ca n't be sure , ma'am , but considering what this man has said , it sounds like he fell off a ladder and hit his head . 
 we wo n't know anything for sure until we get him to the hospital . 
 he 's been unresponsive up to this point . '' 
 the picker falls back to walk closer to me . 
 `` he fall off ladder . 
 does n't wake up . 
 we call emergency . '' 
 in my head , i can picture it . 
 the first pick of the season is done by my father . 
 it 's something he and my mother apparently used to do together , every single year without fail . 
 and they always used the same ladder , the ladder that had been used by my mother 's family for generations . 
 that damn rickety , old , wooden ladder . 
 that ladder , that ritual meant the world to them . 
 and it might have cost me mine . 
 einstein leads us back to the gate . 
 i do n't leave my father 's side as they carry him to the ambulance . 
 with a flick , the paramedics lower the legs on the stretcher to let it rest on the pavement while they open the doors to the back . 
 no one looks at me . 
 no one says a word . 
 i 'm terrified . 
 in shock , i wait while the paramedics collapse the stretcher legs and push my father into the empty rear compartment of the squad . 
 one emt climbs in behind him . 
 `` you 're welcome to ride along , if you 're comfortable going now . 
 if you 'd rather drive , that 's fine , but we need to leave now . 
 right now , '' he says emphatically . 
 i process very little of what he 's saying . 
 `` my keys , '' i say , dazedly . 
 i know i need to go get them . 
 the emt nods . 
 `` just meet us there . '' 
 i turn on shaky legs to run into the house and get my purse . 
 when i re-emerge , the ambulance is just pulling out . 
 i climb into my car to follow . 
 my legs feel numb where they dangle below me . 
 my foot feels leaden where it presses on the gas pedal . 
 my hands feel frozen where they grip the steering wheel . 
 nothing seems to be working right . 
 my thoughts are jumbled and dark , foreboding . 
 ominous . 
 in the back of my mind , i keep thinking there must be some mistake . 
 or that i 'm still dreaming , that this ca n't be happening . 
 that my father ca n't be hurt badly , that he must not have heard me calling his name . 
 surely he did n't or he would 've opened his eyes . 
 but he was so still . 
 so very , very still . 
 my mind churns , mixing and remixing my emotions into a thick paste that rational thought ca n't penetrate . 
 but one feeling lurks behind all the rest , like a still , black backdrop . 
 it 's the horrific , bone-deep , gut-wrenching certainty that something is so wrong that my life will never be the same again . 
 never . 
 ******** at the hospital , the dreaded hospital again , i follow the signs that say emergency all the way up to two wide , wooden doors that read authorized personnel only . 
 still confused by what the morning has held for me , i stare blankly at the sign until constructive thought can get a foothold . 
 with a muted click , the doors swing open and two nurses emerge . 
 they smile at me as though my father is n't in a room back there , possibly slipping away from this world , taking with him the only anchor i have left . 
 as they continue past me , i slip through the doors , unnoticed . 
 i make my way slowly through the labyrinth of identical halls with identical smells and identical workers , my eyes constantly searching for the familiar face of my father . 
 unremarkable door after unremarkable door goes by and still no sign of my father . 
 i reach the end of the hall and turn the corner . 
 up ahead , i see the nurse 's station to my right . 
 as i walk toward it , i pass a room with a flurry of activity inside . 
 nurses are shuffling quickly in and out , carrying different things . 
 a harsh male voice is barking orders , demanding different things . 
 i realize as i watch that i do n't need to ask anyone to help me find my father anymore . 
 i 've found him . 
 the excruciating ache in my chest tells me so . 
 i stop just outside the room , staring through the window , watching the scene like i might watch a train wreck . 
 a train wreck where my whole world is lying on the tracks . 
 i hear the word `` clear '' followed by an odd tapping sound . 
 i know what it is . 
 i 've never heard it before , but i can guess . 
 it 's the machine that shocks a dying heart back to life . 
 i stand , mute and motionless , listening , watching , crumbling inside as the commotion dies down and i hear the same male voice , not so harsh anymore , pronounce time of death . 
 like a silent movie , somber faces file out of the room , one by one . 
 some look at me in question as they pass ; others do n't meet my eye . 
 it seems they know who i am . 
 maybe they can feel the agony coming off me in waves . 
 finally , the doctor emerges . 
 i open my mouth to speak , to tell him who i am . 
 i hear someone say my name . 
 but surely that 's not my voice , that broken sound . 
 surely not . 
 but it must be . 
 the sad look of sympathy on the doctor 's face tells me so . 
 it says that he 's the bearer of bad news . 
 and he knows he 's delivering it to me . 
 his words come to me from a long distance , like he 's speaking from the other side of a large , empty room . 
 i see him reach out compassionately and lay a hand on my arm . 
 i feel his touch like i 'm wearing layer upon layer of thick wool . 
 he takes me by the shoulders and turns me around , leading me to a tiny private room tucked away in a quiet corner of one hall . 
 the soft blue furniture and soothing taupe walls are clearly meant to calm , but i feel only desperation . 
 devastation . 
 heartbreak . 
 i watch his lips move as he explains to me what happened . 
 a few words echo through my mind in a disjointed way , things like basilar skull fracture , fatal and instant . 
 i think he asks me about other relatives to notify and someone i can stay with , but i ca n't be sure . 
 like a radio with bad reception , i 'm fading in and out of the world around me . 
 i hear that voice again , the girl 's voice , the broken one . 
 it asks to see `` him . '' 
 it spills my thoughts into the air , but it 's nearly unrecognizable to me . 
 i watch the doctor nod solemnly . 
 then he 's touching me again , leading me back through the halls into a now-empty room . 
 well , not completely empty . 
 it 's only empty of the living . 
 gentle hands position me at my father 's side then push me down into a chair . 
 and then i 'm alone . 
 with my father . 
 one last time . 
 to say things he 'll never hear and to beg for things he can never give . 
 his hand seems small and pale when i slide my fingers over the cold palm . 
 he 's always seemed larger than life , even his hands . 
 but that 's no longer the case . 
 they 're tiny in the face of death . 
 everything is . 
 i lean forward in my seat and brush my fingertips down his cheek . 
 it 's firm and cool . 
 still . 
 lifeless . 
 never again will i see the smile that graced his face so often . 
 never again will i see the love that shined from his eyes . 
 never again will i hear the voice that soothed my worried soul . 
 never . 
 that 's a word i 'll have to get used to . 
 all the things i took for granted , all the things i thought there was plenty of time for , all the things that carried a tag that read someday , now reads never . 
 all the some days and one days , all the maybes and ifs are now nevers . 
 never is the new constant . 
 the only thing that will always be true now is that he 's gone . 
 he 'll always be gone . 
 i let my head fall onto his shoulder one last time . 
 the spreading wetness beneath my cheek makes no impression on me . 
 nothing does . 
 i do n't know how long i 've been like this when a nurse comes to help me to my feet . 
 she explains something about having to get him ready for the funeral home and then tells me i need to get some rest . 
 something in me says that 's funny-rest . 
 rest ? 
 who could rest at a time like this ? 
 and what kind of person would even suggest it ? 
 my radio fades in and out again , taking the nurse and her silly words with it . 
 absently , i wonder if i 'll be able to experience true rest ever again . 
 right now , i 'm not even sure i 'll be able to experience true feeling ever again , much less rest . 
 or peace . 
 or happiness . 
 only numbness . 
 blessed numbness . 
 she leads me to the door and i look back , back at my father one more time . 
 and then , with the one step that takes me from the room , i 'm as gone from him as he is from me . 
 chapter twenty-two - rusty i 'm surprised when i see mom come back through the door . 
 it 's saturday , so she stayed home most of the day , stopping in after lunch to see me before she went downstairs to catch up on some paperwork and then go back home . 
 only she did n't . 
 she 's here instead . 
 `` i thought you were going home ? '' 
 she does n't answer me right away , which gives me time to notice her expression . 
 she 's got bad news . 
 i can see it in the way her mouth pinches in at the corners . 
 `` please do n't tell me they 've decided to keep me another week . '' 
 `` son , i 've got some bad news . '' 
 `` well ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 there 's a long pause and a sigh before she answers . 
 `` i was going over some reports with the unit manager down in the er when they brought in cris theopolis . '' 
 using my good arm , i push myself up in bed . 
 `` what ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` evidently he was in an accident at the orchard . 
 he passed away , honey . '' 
 i throw back the covers and climb quickly out of bed . 
 i do n't hesitate . 
 not for one second , not for one heartbeat . 
 `` jeff , listen to me . 
 i 'll do whatever you need me to do , but you need to stay put until they let you go . '' 
 `` to hell with that ! 
 i 'm going . '' 
 i walk to the closet to get the clothes mom brought me a few days ago . 
 `` jeffrey , this could set you back . 
 it could - '' angrily , i whirl toward her . 
 `` i do n't give a shit , mom . 
 it 's jenna . '' 
 when she does nothing but stare at me , i repeat . 
 `` it 's jenna . '' 
 i pull on the jeans i was going to wear when they let me go . 
 turns out i 'm going to wear them today . 
 when i go find jenna . 
 chapter twenty-three - jenna i hear the honking again . 
 i wonder vaguely why people keep honking at me . 
 i 'm driving straight . 
 i 'm within the lines . 
 another car goes flying past as though i 'm standing still . 
 it 's then i realize that i am . 
 again . 
 for the fourth time , i 've stopped in the middle of the road and not even realized it until a car honks its horn angrily and then speeds by like a bat out of hell . 
 the nurse in the er asked if there was family she could call for me . 
 i stared blankly at her as i went through a mental list and came up with no one . 
 my mother is dead . 
 my father is dead . 
 my brother is ... well , he 's somewhere . 
 but not here . 
 my answer to her was no , i have no family for her to call . 
 i could 've had her call cami , but she feels far from me today . 
 her life is happy and perfect , not a place for all my troubles and woes , let alone a place for death and loss . 
 without her , i really am alone . 
 all alone . 
 the only other person who means anything to me in this town could n't care less that my world just exploded . 
 he made his feelings about me very clear . 
 as i pull off the road onto the long drive that leads to my house , i remember how , just a few weeks ago , i was enjoying the feelings of comfort this part of the drive was bringing me . 
 now , it feels empty . 
 hollow . 
 painful . 
 once i park in my usual spot at the house , i get out of the car and , on stiff legs , make my way up the steps to the porch . 
 the door is slightly ajar ; i did n't even bother to close it before i left to follow the ambulance . 
 i push it open and stop just inside the foyer to listen , to smell , to experience home the way i always have . 
 but i ca n't . 
 this is n't the home that i 've returned to every year for so many . 
 this is just the place that my dad no longer inhabits . 
 it 's just a series of rooms alive with only the ghost of his memory . 
 nothing more . 
 i hear a slow , steady clicking and look up to see einstein standing in the kitchen doorway . 
 his eyes are sober as he watches me . 
 he drops to the floor and lays his head on his paws , a soft whine screeching at the back of his throat . 
 he knows something is wrong . 
 so , so wrong . 
 i walk past him to the kitchen . 
 i see my father reheating fried chicken for me and scrubbing me on top of the head in that loving way he used to do . 
 i turn away , back toward the den . 
 there , i see my father laughing and eating popcorn , and giving me philosophical advice . 
 i turn back toward the stairs and know that , at the top , is his bedroom-now and forever empty and cold . 
 there is no longer any happiness here , any comfort . 
 there is pain and loss and a future without my father . 
 the floorboards do n't ooze peach syrup anymore ; they ooze the most hideous kind of heartbreak . 
 the walls do n't shake with laughter anymore ; they shake with grief . 
 the air does n't smell of home anymore ; it smells of my own personal hell . 
 so i run . 
 i run back through the house , back out the door , back out into the driveway . 
 and i stand there . 
 looking at the house . 
 knowing i ca n't go back inside . 
 not now . 
 maybe not ever . 
 little by little , this town has taken every bit of happiness i 've ever had . 
 it has swallowed it up and left me standing , broken and alone , staring at an empty house with an empty life . 
 i feel the first drop like a cool tear to my cheek . 
 i look up at the sky , at the dull gray clouds that mirror the bleakness in my chest , and i see the rain begin . 
 slow at first , like the sky itself is suddenly feeling my pain . 
 and then , like the break in my heart , it opens up and weeps for me , pouring rain over my upturned face . 
 impervious to the downpour , i stand in the driveway , in the rain , looking at the house . 
 i wish with all my heart the drops would just wash it away . 
 along with the pain . 
 i glance up at the windows , gaping black holes staring back at me , mocking me with what is no longer behind them , with who is no longer behind them . 
 and never will be again . 
 one second the tenuous hold i have on my emotions is intact , the next it 's gone . 
 and the damn breaks . 
 with a scream that echoes through my head like a coyote 's cry echoes through a canyon , it is torn from my lungs , from my chest , from my lips in one long , agonizing wail . 
 the rain steals the sound and carries it to the ground , where it 's as dead as my father . 
 and i 'm once again all alone in the deafening silence . 
 turning from the house , i take off at a run for the gate , for the orchard that took my father 's life . 
 if i had a knife , i would cut the bark of every tree i pass until they bleed their life in thick , sticky rivulets . 
 penance for the life they stole . 
 i ca n't see past the tears , past the rain . 
 past the pain . 
 my foot finds a hole and my balance is lost . 
 i see the ground coming toward my face with alarming speed . 
 my knees hit first , the impact jarring my teeth . 
 i close my eyes and throw out my arms to brace myself . 
 but before i make contact with the ground , strong fingers are winding around my upper arms , stopping my descent . 
 one heartbeat brings confusion . 
 the next , recognition . 
 i do n't have to look back to know who 's got me . 
 who caught me . 
 who saved me . 
 rusty turns me toward him . 
 i stare up into his eyes . 
 they 're deeply pained at the moment , as though they 're a reflection of my own . 
 `` jenna , '' he whispers softly . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 his eyes search mine . 
 `` i came for you . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 i ask , unwilling to give in to the hope that has left me so devastated so many times before . 
 `` in case you need me , '' he responds simply . 
 bitterness rises to the surface to mix with the pain . 
 it blurs the lines of my feelings . 
 `` you should n't have , '' i spit . 
 `` i do n't need you . '' 
 i see hurt flash through his eyes . 
 `` what if i need you ? '' 
 `` but you do n't . 
 you made that all too clear . '' 
 `` i was an idiot , jenna . 
 i was a proud , arrogant idiot . 
 but i 'm here now . 
 does n't that count for something ? '' 
 `` no , it does n't . 
 it ca n't . 
 it ca n't , '' i hiss , my voice getting louder and louder as my emotions churn . 
 `` i ca n't wait for you anymore , rusty . 
 i ca n't lose anyone else . 
 my heart ca n't take it . 
 you had your chance and you blew it . 
 now let me go and get the hell off my land . '' 
 i twist my body , trying to wrench free of his iron grip , all to no avail . 
 despite the fact that one arm is in a cast , rusty is still stronger than me . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he growls down into my face . 
 `` what are you even doing here ? '' 
 i scream , channeling my rage at the world , my rage at life into fury at rusty . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be in the hospital , forgetting about me ? '' 
 `` i was , but i left . '' 
 `` then go back . 
 i do n't want you here . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' he says again . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i came here for you , jenna . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i did n't ask you to come here . 
 i never asked you for one thing . 
 but now i am . 
 i 'm asking you to leave . 
 just leave . 
 leave me alone ! '' 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 he repeats angrily , his face the twisted mask of a tortured soul . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i rail back . 
 `` because i ca n't let you go . 
 i love you too much ! '' 
 my heart stops for just an instant , torn between elation and devastation . 
 but i ca n't afford to hang on to the elation . 
 the devastation to follow might well be the end of me . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that today . 
 you do n't get to do this to me today . 
 i 've lost everything . 
 everything . 
 you ca n't come back into my life and then leave me again , you bastard , '' i cry , thumping my fists against his chest . 
 `` you do n't get to do this to me today . 
 you do n't get to ... do ... this ... '' my words are choked out by the sobs i can no longer contain . 
 suddenly devoid of the ability to stay upright , i crumble into the mud , held vertical only by the grip of rusty 's hands on my upper arms . 
 `` jenna , please , '' he whispers , trying once more to pull me to his chest with his good arm . 
 this time i let him , the will to fight having drained right out of me with the first few sobs . 
 `` let me help you . 
 just give me this one day and i 'll go . 
 just this one . 
 please , jenna . '' 
 in his pause , i feel a sigh expand his lungs . 
 `` please . '' 
 finally , exhausted , i melt into rusty . 
 on our knees , in the rain , in the mud , i bury my face in his neck and i cry . 
 from my soul , i cry . 
 every sob feels as though it 's torn from me , ripped viciously from a place that should never be touched so cruelly . 
 and i 'm left , alive but only physically , with nothing but gaping wounds and gushing blood that no one else can see . 
 when i 'm so hoarse my sobs are nothing more than croaks and i 'm so spent my tears give way to the rain , somehow , with only one fully-functional arm , rusty gently cradles me against him , stands to his feet and carries me away from the orchard . 
 chapter twenty-four - rusty i carry jenna toward the front door of her house , thinking only of getting her out of the rain . 
 i barely hear it when she speaks softly into my ear . 
 `` anywhere but there . 
 i ca n't go back in there . '' 
 `` okay , '' i tell her , detouring toward my mother 's car . 
 i manage to get her into the passenger seat and start the engine , but then i draw a blank . 
 where can i take her ? 
 only one place comes to mind . 
 the one place she 'd feel best , i think . 
 cami 's . 
 i drive cautiously . 
 it 's a little unnerving for my first time back behind the wheel of a car to be in the rain , in an unfamiliar car , with a grieving jenna in the seat beside me . 
 oh , and with my right arm in a cast . 
 hell , i do n't think conditions could be much worse . 
 we finally make it to cami 's . 
 i park and walk around to the passenger side door . 
 i open it and lean down to scoop up jenna , not giving her any choice other than to let me carry her again . 
 i feel like i need to carry her . 
 maybe more than she needs for me to . 
 once she 's in my arms , i realize she would n't have argued anyway . 
 she 's asleep . 
 i 'm not sure that 's a good thing . 
 i hurry to the door and ring the bell . 
 trick answers within a few seconds . 
 `` what the - '' he frowns in confusion as he looks from me to jenna , to her legs folded over my casted arm and then back again . 
 `` can i borrow your bedroom downstairs ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` sure , '' he says without hesitation , opening the door wider so we can pass . 
 he does n't ask questions , which i appreciate . 
 it 's a guy thing . 
 i 'm making my way through the kitchen when cami appears in the doorway . 
 `` ohmigod , what happened ? '' 
 she asks , rushing toward me , her eyes on jenna . 
 `` shhh , '' i caution . 
 `` she 's okay . 
 just let me take her downstairs and i 'll come back up so i can explain . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you can tell me now . 
 is she okay ? 
 what hap - '' `` cami ! '' 
 i snap , interrupting her . 
 when she snaps her mouth shut and looks at me , i add . 
 `` please . '' 
 cami 's violet eyes bore holes into mine as she narrows them on me . 
 she says nothing for a few seconds . 
 i 'm sure she 's debating the wisdom of leaving her best friend in my care when i 've been such an ass ** le . 
 but she relents . 
 `` okay , but you come straight back up here , '' she hisses . 
 i nod and continue on to the stairs that lead to the basement . 
 i hit the light switch with my elbow and descend the steps into the cool quiet of the lower level . 
 i stop on the landing at the bottom . 
 the light from the stairwell only penetrates the dimness a few inches in every direction . 
 when i step out into the darkness , it 's somehow like stepping into blessed peace . 
 the light has shown me too much trouble lately . 
 i could use some darkness . 
 darkness where there 's only me and jenna . 
 and maybe one more chance for me to not screw it up . 
 from memory , i carry her to the guest suite trick and cami set up down here . 
 i can barely make out the bed in the dying daylight seeping through the tiny window at the top of one wall . 
 i head for it and lay her gently on the soft , pillowy top . 
 she stirs very little . 
 i bend and press my lips to her forehead . 
 i do n't know if she even has a clue she 's in the world right now , but i speak to her anyway . 
 just in case . 
 `` rest , jenna . 
 i 'll be right back . 
 i promise , '' i whisper . 
 she does n't respond . 
 a few seconds later , she rolls onto her side and i hear her breathing become deep and even . 
 `` i 'll be here every time you open your eyes . 
 i swear it , '' i say . 
 this time , it 's more for my benefit than hers . 
 i make my way back upstairs . 
 cami 's waiting on the top step , arms crossed over her chest , hell in her eyes . 
 `` dammit , rusty , what is wrong with her ? 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` keep your voice down , '' i tell her . 
 `` i did n't do anything to her . 
 her father was killed in an accident at the orchard today . '' 
 cami 's gasp is followed by her hands covering her mouth and her eyes filling with tears . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 oh my god ! 
 poor jenna ! '' 
 she closes her eyes and slides her hands up to cover her whole face . 
 trick comes around from behind me to pull her into his arms . 
 i give them a few minutes , minutes for trick to comfort cami and for cami to collect herself . 
 she 's known jenna 's dad for years . 
 no doubt she feels some sense of pain and loss , too , not to mention the sympathy for her best friend . 
 when she uncovers her face and wipes her eyes , i continue . 
 `` mom was down in the er and she came and told me right away . 
 jenna had already left the hospital , so i went to her house . 
 i found her out in the rain . 
 she did n't want to go back inside , so i brought her here . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you did , '' cami says , kindness back in her eyes . 
 `` i 'll take care of her . 
 i 'm sure you need to rest . 
 you 're not even supposed to be out of the hospital yet , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 and i 'll stay with her tonight , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` you really do n't need to do that . 
 i 'll make sure she knows - '' `` no offense , cami , but it 's not a request . 
 i 'm staying . 
 or i 'm taking her with me when i leave . '' 
 cami eyes me suspiciously , but again , she relents . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 can i at least go see her ? '' 
 `` i 'll come get you when she wakes up , but i want to be there when she does . '' 
 cami nods , possibly in approval . 
 i ca n't be sure . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 she looks from me to trick , and then turns and walks slowly back toward the living room . 
 i know she does n't like it , but at least she recognizes that i 'm not budging on this . 
 she can take it or leave it . 
 her choice . 
 she chose to take it . 
 smart girl . 
 chapter twenty-five - jenna life , or what feels like the reasonable facsimile of it , has slowed . 
 at first , it was a series of light bulb-flashes of time and sounds , of people and places . 
 there were the various rooms of my house . 
 then there were the empty windows of the rooms upstairs . 
 there was rusty 's face in the rain . 
 then there was the dashboard of an unfamiliar car . 
 i woke some time later , in a dark room , to the faint sight of rusty hovering over me . 
 we watched each other for an eternity . 
 or for a few seconds . 
 i 'm not sure which . 
 i stayed perfectly still while the mattress beside me sank and stretched out beside me , drawing me into his arms . 
 there was more time after that . 
 hours or days , i do n't know , but i woke again in the same dark room . 
 beneath my ear was a beating heart and deep , even breathing . 
 i lifted my head to confirm what i already knew . 
 it was rusty . 
 rusty had fallen asleep holding me . 
 still , there was more time . 
 still , i do n't know how much . 
 i woke , startled by a girl 's screams . 
 it took rusty stroking my hair , soothing me with his calming words to make me realize that the girl was me . 
 and that her screams were mine . 
 i remember daylight after that . 
 and rusty . 
 still . 
 always , it seemed . 
 there was worry on his face and in his eyes . 
 but there was something else , too . 
 something i refused to think about . 
 so i slept . 
 there were vague impressions , too . 
 fingers on my cheek , lips against mine , words whispered in my ear . 
 something that made my heart sing and cry , all in the space of a heartbeat . 
 so i dove back into sleep , into escape . 
 when i could hide no more , i woke to the sight of cami sitting in the rocking chair in the corner . 
 i watched her for a few seconds before i moved . 
 she looked tired as she swayed gently back and forth , her head resting against the cushion , her eyes closed . 
 i wondered briefly what was weighing so heavily on her . 
 her head straightened and her eyes opened , locking on mine immediately . 
 i knew then what was worrying her . 
 it was me . 
 she came to the bed , curled up beside me , threaded her fingers through mine and we cried . 
 together . 
 i do n't know how long we did that before i fell asleep again . 
 when i woke she was in different clothes , standing in the doorway . 
 `` where 's rusty ? '' 
 i 'd asked . 
 `` he said he 'd asked you for one day , and that you 'd given it to him . 
 and that he would come back if you wanted him to . '' 
 my heart broke a little more . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 maybe because it was already in a million tiny pieces and happiness hurt just as much as sadness . 
 or maybe because i could n't tell them apart . 
 maybe they are one and the same . 
 or maybe there ca n't be one without the other . 
 after that moment , time sped up into a blur , a rapid succession of images and places , of fuzzy emotions and decisions , all set against the backdrop of an unimaginable pain and sense of loss . 
 they ran together , beyond my control , like water colors in a cold , hard rain . 
 there were arrangements to make , morticians to speak to , songs to choose and gravestones to select . 
 there were thoughts of telephone calls , but none to make , except to my brother , jake . 
 although he 's always been as far away emotionally as he has been geographically , he promised he would come . 
 that moment stood out among the rest . 
 and now , somehow , i 'm here . 
 in a cemetery . 
 in the sunlight . 
 in a dress i do n't remember buying , in front of a casket i ca n't remember picking out . 
 my brother stands beside me , looking like a brooding , bitter version of my father , with his black hair , dark skin and amber eyes , and we address the dozens of people who have come to pay their last respects to my father . 
 he nods politely and i say things i really do n't mean to people i really do n't know as they drift by in single file . 
 i watch them come and i watch them go , and all i feel is ... empty . 
 and alone . 
 even my mother 's jealous , vindictive sister , ellie 's presence does n't shake me from my stupor . 
 i recognize her trailer-trash hair and her trailer-trash dress when she steps up in line . 
 i recognize the smell of vodka on her breath and the way she curls her lip in disgust . 
 but still , i do n't feel like i 'm present . 
 not fully . 
 i listen as she speaks , but i do n't really understand what it is she 's trying to say . 
 and some part of me thinks that i do n't really want to . 
 at least not today . 
 `` i 'm so sorry to hear about your daddy , '' i hear her slur . 
 `` have you already read the will and taken care of all the arrangements ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 i simply watch her , wishing she 'd disappear . 
 or that i would . 
 `` well , '' she continues , `` just let me know when to be there . 
 i 'm sure he 's made some provisions for you two , like a good father would , but that orchard should come to me . 
 rightfully . 
 and since you kids do n't have an interest in living there like me and turkey do ... '' some part of me , a part that i see and feel as if i 'm observing it from a great distance , is getting angry . 
 it threatens to penetrate my numb cocoon . 
 but i resist . 
 `` what 's this about , ellie ? '' 
 jake asks , protectively stepping closer to me . 
 `` jake , honey , you know as well as i do that you two do n't want the orchard . 
 and it should 've come to me next anyway , so why do n't we just talk to the lawyers and have them sign it over to me and turkey . 
 you 'll feel better without having to worry about the home place . '' 
 `` the hell i will , '' jake bites . 
 `` my mother would roll over in her grave if she thought i turned the place she loved so much over to you . '' 
 even from deep inside my fuzzy reality , i see ellie 's saccharine sweet demeanor dissolve into one of contempt . 
 `` we 'll just see what the lawyers have to say about that then . 
 i tried to do this the kind way , but you 're making it awful hard to be nice , son . '' 
 `` i 'm not your son , '' jake growls . 
 `` and we 'll see just who ends up with what . 
 now , take your raggedy ass on home before you really make me mad . '' 
 i know i should feel angry . 
 i can see it in the way jake glances at me , as if waiting for me to speak up . 
 only i do n't . 
 because i ca n't . 
 i ca n't feel anything right now . 
 i simply watch , like i 'm watching a game from the sidelines , as ellie glares at jake and takes her husband , turkey , by the arm and drags him away . 
 `` come on . 
 i knew this would be a waste of time . '' 
 the line begins to dwindle . 
 as it does , one random thought chases itself through my head , over and over and over . 
 what do i do after this ? 
 no answer comes to me . 
 i shake hand after hand , and accept hug after hug until there 's no one left in line , and it 's just me and jake standing in the cemetery , all alone . 
 it 's as i 'm glancing at the gravestones that surround me , all glistening in the sun like so many black diamonds , that i see him . 
 rusty . 
 standing in the shade of a tree , he 's wearing a black suit , the jacket draped over one shoulder . 
 his right arm is free , covered only in a white , unbuttoned shirt sleeve that fits over his cast . 
 i have no idea how long he 's been there , but some part of me says he 's been there all along . 
 across the distance , we stare at each other . 
 then , little by little , like dawn breaking through the darkness of the night , feeling begins to penetrate-the breeze on my skin , the sun on my face , the pain in my soul , the certainty in my heart . 
 everything in my vision , in my world , in my life , comes into crystal clear focus as i stand , holding my breath , staring at rusty . 
 waiting . 
 finally , with clarity that only great tragedy can bring , i see rusty . 
 really see him . 
 i see the fear he 's lived with , and i see the insecurity he grew up with . 
 i see the guy i fell in love with , and i see the man he 's become since fate stepped in and brought us together . 
 i take one step forward and i stop . 
 and i wait . 
 unmoving , he watches me , so i take another . 
 and another . 
 and another still , walking until i 'm close enough to smell the scent of his soap , swirling around me like a comforting fog . 
 `` i know i should n't have come , '' he begins . 
 `` then why did you ? '' 
 `` because i could n't stay away . 
 i had to know you were okay . '' 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i assure him , even though we both know that 's a lie . 
 `` is that it ? 
 i mean , are you just gon na leave now ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to , but i will if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` i 've never wanted you to go , rusty . '' 
 `` and i 've never wanted you to go , '' he replies . 
 `` but i knew you would . 
 i knew you had to . '' 
 `` then why did you say the things you did ? '' 
 rusty takes a deep breath and looks off into the distance before he returns his gaze to me . 
 `` i was trying to do what was right . 
 for both of us . '' 
 `` and now ? 
 what are you trying to do now ? '' 
 `` survive , '' he says simply . 
 my addled mind is n't working well enough to make sense of riddles , so i wait . 
 wait for him to explain . 
 `` jenna , i can survive without you . 
 i can exist , '' he begins , the words slicing through me like a knife through butter . 
 `` but it would n't be any kind of existence that i 'd want . 
 you are what makes my life worth living . 
 you 're the sunshine in it , you 're the laughter and the smiles . 
 you 're the warm nights and the cool breezes . 
 you 're like every good memory and moment and dream i 've ever had all wrapped up into one . 
 and if you go , you take the only living part of me with you . 
 without you , i might as well be dead . 
 so , yes , i can survive without you . 
 but that 's all i 'd be doing . 
 `` i do n't know how to apologize for being an idiot and an ass ** le , and for letting something as stupid as fear come between me and the only chance i 'll ever have at happiness . 
 i do n't know how to tell you that i love you for every single thing that you are and every single thing you 'll ever be . 
 i do n't know how to tell you that when my mom told me about your dad , i felt an ache in my chest-literally-at the thought of you somewhere , alone and hurting , and me not being there to hold you while you cried . 
 i do n't know how to tell you that i 'd follow you to the ends of the earth , just to hear you say you love me one more time . 
 help me , jenna . 
 help me say the right things . 
 help me do the right things . 
 help me to be the kind of man you could spend the rest of your life loving . 
 because that 's who i want to be . '' 
 as i stand , chest to chest , with rusty , listening to his hoarse voice , letting the sincerity in it wash over me like a cleansing tide , i realize that it is entirely possible to experience the most agonizing pain and the most wondrous happiness at the exact same time in life . 
 and that maybe it 's the presence of one that so magnifies the other . 
 i glance back over my shoulder , at the mahogany casket that 's gleaming brightly on the other side of the cemetery , and i know my father is looking on . 
 just like i 'd always hoped , he 's here with me on one of the most important days of my life . 
 and he always will be . 
 i might not be able to reach out and touch him or feel his arms wrap around me , but he 's here just the same . 
 i 'll carry him with me . 
 always . 
 with my first smile in days blooming across my face like an old friend , i turn back to rusty . 
 `` i do n't need any of those things , rusty . 
 i never have . 
 all i 've ever wanted , all i 've ever needed is your love . 
 as long as i have that , nothing else matters . '' 
 `` but i - '' `` shhh , '' i say , placing my finger over his warm lips . 
 `` no . 
 no more apologies . 
 life 's too short to go back , to look back . 
 as long as you love me , that 's all that matters . 
 that 's all that will ever matter . '' 
 `` i 've loved you from the moment i met you , jenna . 
 and i 'll love you long after i 'm gone from this world . '' 
 i reach up and wind my arms around his neck , giving him a mischievous wink . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 he grins down at me . 
 `` traffic was hell . '' 
 i laugh as his lips cover mine . 
 and , in the sunshine , i feel my father smiling down on me-the two men i 've loved most in my life , here with me . 
 always in my heart . 
 epilogue - jenna three months later `` i wonder what this is all about , '' i muse out loud to rusty as he flies through the curves and turns that lead to cami and trick 's house . 
 this is the first time we 've been back to greenfield in over a month . 
 jake , like a dog with a bone , is staying at the house , taking care of einstein and doing everything he can to thwart my aunt as she tries to take our heritage . 
 i 'm relieved that he wanted to do it . 
 i still have trouble walking through the front door of that place . 
 but that does n't mean i want to let ellie have it . 
 i just need time . 
 and jake is giving it to me . 
 as for rusty and me , we 've been busy-me with my new job , rusty with physical therapy and getting his new garage set up in atlanta . 
 and both of us with making our new apartment `` home . '' 
 `` i 've got my suspicions . 
 since rags won his last race-and i do n't even know how many that makes now-trick has started getting all sorts of offers for breaking horses . 
 and for breeding , too . 
 everybody wants a piece of rags . 
 but last i heard he had n't made any moves on anything . 
 i 'm wondering if he just has or is getting ready to . 
 either way , you know how he is . 
 the guy 's about as dramatic and mysterious as my left nut . 
 all this suspense has to be cami 's idea . '' 
 `` of course it is , silly . 
 what guy is ever the dramatic one in the relationship ? '' 
 `` exactly , which makes me think it 's - '' `` wait ! '' 
 i yell , holding out my hand to stop him . 
 `` i take it back . 
 i do n't want to know what you think . 
 i wan na be surprised . '' 
 rusty shrugs . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i 'm looking out the window at the passing landscape , just thinking , when we pass a little road i 've never noticed before . 
 `` wonder where that goes ? '' 
 when rusty does n't answer , i glance over at him . 
 he 's looking in the rear view mirror . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admits , turning his eyes to me . 
 `` but how about we turn around , see where it goes and have some afternoon delight before we hear this big news ? '' 
 `` no , we ca n't do that . 
 they 're waiting for us . '' 
 `` we wo n't be long , '' he says with a grin . 
 `` oh , so you 're not worried about me at all . 
 is that what you 're saying ? '' 
 `` are you saying you do n't think i can work my magic on that delectable body of yours in such a short amount of time ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm not saying that . 
 i meant - '' `` challenge accepted , '' he says with a grin , bringing the car to a screeching halt then making a u turn . 
 fourteen minutes later , we 're back on the road , both of us wearing very satisfied smiles . 
 `` doubt me again , '' rusty says with a cocky half-grin . 
 `` see what happens . '' 
 `` gladly . '' 
 he reaches over and takes my hand in his , bringing my wrist to his lips before he sets our entwined fingers on his thigh . 
 a little smile stretches over his lips as he navigates the road to cami 's . 
 i lean my temple against the headrest and watch him . 
 i ca n't help thinking of how life is full of the most precious moments imaginable . 
 less than fifteen minutes later , we 're sitting on cami 's couch , holding glasses of champagne , watching trick and her grin at each other . 
 `` for the love of god , tell me or face the consequences , '' i say when i ca n't take another second of suspense . 
 `` you 're so impatient ! 
 give us a minute . '' 
 `` why ? 
 are you working up the courage to get naked and ask if we wan na swap ? 
 because i can save you some embarrassment . '' 
 `` oh god , jenna ! 
 of course not . '' 
 `` then get to it , woman ! 
 chop chop ! '' 
 `` it 's not that easy . 
 we 're waiting for a phone call . '' 
 `` a phone call ? '' 
 my curiosity is officially piqued . 
 the silence stretches on and , just when i 'm about to mouth off again , trick 's cell phone rings . 
 he smiles and says , `` she is ? '' 
 pause . 
 `` that 's great news ! 
 and thanks for calling me with the results . '' 
 when i hear that , i cover my gaping mouth with my hand and fight back the tears stinging my eyes . 
 `` ohmigod , '' i mumble . 
 before i can say anything else , trick finally speaks . 
 `` that was the vet 's office . 
 they just got back the blood work results from the lab . '' 
 i drop my hands . 
 `` the vet ? 
 what ? '' 
 obviously i was about to jump to a very erroneous conclusion . 
 `` yeah . 
 i used some of the winnings from rags ' last race to breed patty with a stallion who 's won the kentucky derby twice and the preakness once . '' 
 trick looks down at cami and grins before bringing his attention back to us . 
 `` her blood work confirms that she 's pregnant . 
 male or female , we 're naming the foal justy , after you two . 
 the godparents . '' 
 `` do what now ? 
 i 'm confused . '' 
 i look at rusty and he appears to be just as confused as i am . 
 we both turn back to trick . 
 `` man , you 're gon na have to spell things out . 
 we just christened some woods near here and our brains are n't fully functional yet , '' rusty blurts honestly . 
 i smack his arm for his confession , but when he winks at me , i ca n't help but grin . 
 `` we 'll talk about the rules and regulations for , ahem , acceptable uses of my property later , '' trick teases sternly . 
 `` right now , we 're basically asking you two to be the godparents of our children . '' 
 `` ohhh , '' rusty and i say simultaneously . 
 `` of course we 'll be godparents to your children . 
 why would you ever think otherwise ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , we kinda figured you would , '' cami says . 
 her smile says there 's more . 
 when she does n't say anything right away , i gasp and throw my hands over my mouth again . 
 `` ohmigod , ohmigod , ohmigod ! '' 
 cami 's smile gets wider and trick 's grin stretches from ear to ear . 
 `` am i missing something ? '' 
 rusty asks . 
 cami turns glistening eyes to him as trick bends from behind to wind his arms around her neck and hug her to him . 
 `` i 'm pregnant , rusty . 
 trick and i are gon na have a baby . '' 
 tears are spilling down my cheeks and over my fingers when rusty gets up and takes cami 's glass of champagne and downs it in one swallow . 
 `` i guess you wo n't be needing that then . '' 
 we all laugh . 
 this just keeps getting better and better . 
 epilogue - rusty jenna 's skin is still damp from the thorough plundering i just gave her . 
 my fingers slide smoothly across her flat stomach . 
 i rub circles over it , around her bellybutton and up between her ribs . 
 it 's times like this that i 'm even more glad i healed so well . 
 i 'd hate to miss touching jenna like this . 
 `` what are you thinking about when you do that ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` touch my belly like that . '' 
 `` do i do this a lot or something ? '' 
 `` you have been the last few days . 
 am i getting fat or something ? '' 
 i roll my eyes and she grins . 
 she 's not getting fat and she knows it . 
 jenna 's got a body ninety nine percent of the female population of the world would kill for . 
 i 'd kill for it , too . 
 just in a different way . 
 i go back to exploring the subtle landscape of her stomach . 
 `` well ? 
 `` well what ? '' 
 `` are you gon na tell me what that 's all about or not ? '' 
 i shrug , trying to be nonchalant . 
 `` i 've just been wondering what it would look like a little rounder , what you 'd look like pregnant . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` does that worry you ? '' 
 `` worry me ? 
 hell no . 
 i ca n't imagine what it would feel like to touch you like this , knowing that my baby , our baby , was growing inside you . '' 
 i hear a soft gasp and i look up into the dark pools of her eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she shakes her head , but says nothing . 
 `` what ? 
 does that bother you ? '' 
 she shakes her head again . 
 i can see that she 's fighting back tears . 
 her eyes shine in a different way when she 's trying not to cry . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 it takes her at least a full minute to answer me , and even then , her voice sounds a little thick . 
 `` i just did n't know you ever thought of things like that . '' 
 `` do you ? 
 ever think of things like that , i mean . '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and what ? '' 
 `` does it make you happy ? 
 thinking about having my baby ? 
 having our baby ? '' 
 i can tell she 's getting choked up again . 
 she just nods . 
 `` i could spend the rest of my life touching you like this , watching our babies grow inside you , raising them together , chasing our dreams down and making them our bitches . '' 
 she laughs , which is just what i wanted . 
 one of the dreams i have yet to tell jenna about is watching her walk down a beautifully decorated church aisle toward me , toward our future and our life together . 
 i 'll tell her all about that one someday soon . 
 when i give her the ring that 's hiding in the top drawer of the dresser , under some old hunting socks i have . 
 when i ask her to spend the rest of her life as mrs. jeffrey catron . 
 but right now , i 'm happy just to hold her . 
 and tell her i love her . 
 and call her mine . 
 it 's about time . 
 the end 
