 -1 - when you 're eighteen , there 's fuck-all to do in a southern illinois summer but eat fried pickles , drink pbr tallboys you stole from your mom , and ride the tilt-a-whirl till you hurl . 
 which is exactly what i was doing the night i met him . 
 it was the kind of greenhouse august heat that feels positively jurassic . 
 everything was melting a little : the liquid black sky , the silver gel-penned stars , the neon lights bleeding color everywhere . 
 all summer there 's a carnival a mile from my house , in a no-man 's - land rife with weeds and saw grass , a sea of flat earth . 
 it feels like the edge of forever out there . 
 i cracked a tallboy and it echoed like a rifle shot . 
 i took a swig of that pissy weak stuff , savoring the coolness . 
 i was sitting on a picnic bench , watching the rollercoaster go up and down and up again , the joyous screams phasing in and out like a distant radio station . 
 rollercoasters scare me , and it has everything to do with me losing my stuffed bunny george when i was five . 
 george fell from a hundred feet in the sky when i threw my hands up in cruel , careless glee . 
 mom sewed new eyes on , but i cried and cried and said he was dead until she let me bury him in the backyard . 
 we made a coffin out of a fruit loops box . 
 mom , so drunk she was crying too , gave the eulogy . 
 so maybe part of why i was out here tonight was because i was tired of being a kid , stuck with kid fears and kid memories . 
 senior year would start in two weeks . 
 i wanted to go in already an adult . 
 i pounded the last of the beer and crushed the can on the bench . 
 my name 's maise , by the way . 
 maise o'malley . 
 yeah , i 'm irish as hell . 
 but you probably knew that from the drinking , right ? 
 i went into the carnival . 
 apparently , a breaking news bulletin had just gone out about my legs : ten pairs of wolf eyes looked up instantly , then moved down , up , down , the old broken elevator gaze . 
 it 's always the older guys , too . 
 but i 'm kind of screwed up from growing up without a father , and i like when they try to daddy me . 
 `` try '' being the operative word , as mr. wilke says . 
 but we 'll get to him . 
 i smiled at no one , sauntering past stalls stuffed with popcorn and pretzels and corndogs , flavor ice and cotton candy . 
 the air was drugged with sugar and salt . 
 it made my head spin . 
 a bell rang nearby and someone whooped triumphantly . 
 i passed the rigged games-milk bottles , darts-where people stubbornly threw money at the carnie , desperate to win some giant lice-ridden teddy fresh out of a taiwanese sweatshop . 
 mr. wilke says i 'm both cynical and worldly for my age . 
 i choose to take them both as compliments . 
 i was n't ready to face the rollercoaster yet , so i rode the merry-go-round for a while , going for the full lolita effect as i raised a leg high and slowly , slowly draped it over a painted horse , reveling in how uncomfortable i made the actual dads . 
 one stayed seated when the ride ended , waiting for his erection to go away . 
 his kid pulled at his sleeve , oblivious . 
 i raised an eyebrow coolly . 
 too bad i did n't have any bubblegum . 
 finally the beer had charged up my blood . 
 i marched over to the you must be this tall sign . 
 the line was short . 
 it was getting late , for a weeknight . 
 then i saw the name of the rollercoaster . 
 deathsnake . 
 i almost turned around right there . 
 stupid , yeah , but ptsads does n't care how stupid a trigger is . 
 if you need me to spell that out , it 's post-traumatic stuffed animal death syndrome . 
 i thought it was pretty funny . 
 mom and the psychologist did not . 
 the psychologist said i had substituted george for dad and i actually had post-dad syndrome . 
 i told her george was a f ** king bunny . 
 anyway , deathsnake . 
 `` you getting on ? '' 
 the carnie said . 
 he had so much acne he looked like a halftone comic , like when you peer really close at a newspaper and everything that looked solid is just little dots . 
 i gave him my ticket . 
 the a ** holes on this ride had decided to take every single car except the front . 
 again , i almost turned around . 
 i did turn , actually , and saw a guy behind me , so i turned back and got into the empty car because i was not going to chicken out in front of the entire universe . 
 best case scenario : i close my eyes for four minutes and get a free blowdry . 
 worst case scenario : i fall from a hundred feet in the air , and there 's no sewing my eyes back on . 
 the door to my car opened . 
 it was the guy . 
 he raised his eyebrows questioningly , and i shrugged . 
 he got in . 
 at least i might die next to a hot guy . 
 revised worst case scenario : i throw up on him , we both die . 
 `` you 're pretty brave , '' he said , lowering the bar over us . 
 `` must be a veteran , sitting up front . '' 
 `` it 's my first time , '' i said . 
 well , first time on my own terms . 
 he smiled . 
 it lit his face like a camera flash . 
 `` mine too . '' 
 then deathsnake lurched forward , toward doom . 
 it 's a trick , the way it starts . 
 there 's a loud , creepy ratcheting , like some massive clockwork grinding beneath you , but the car just farts along inconspicuously . 
 people behind us were talking about stupid shit . 
 some girl told someone to put away his phone and i prayed that he would n't and that it was expensive . 
 the guy next to me looked out over the fairgrounds as we ascended , and i peered past him , but my attention was split . 
 beyond him , a confetti of lights and fey music , all the ugly carnie weirdness rendered magical thanks to distance . 
 but my eyes kept catching on his face . 
 from below it was traced with red neon , from above with metallic moonlight , sketching out a bold , almost sulky chin , lips that looked too soft and sensitive for a man . 
 his eyelashes were a fringe of furry gold . 
 i could n't see his eyes from this angle . 
 he looked over suddenly and i whipped my head away . 
 `` what a view , '' he said . 
 `` tell me about it , '' i mumbled . 
 i could feel him smiling . 
 `` oh , shit , '' someone said behind us . 
 and we dropped . 
 i 'm not going to do the whole rollercoaster/falling in love metaphor . 
 i did n't fall in love with him up there . 
 maybe i fell in love with the idea of love , but i 'm a teenage girl . 
 this morning i fell in love with raspberry jam and a puppy in a tiny raincoat . 
 i 'm not exactly earth 's top authority on the subject . 
 but when we crested the first peak and the world sprawled beneath us like a tangled-up string of christmas lights and then we plunged toward it at lightspeed , the guy and i reached for each other 's hands spontaneously and simultaneously . 
 and i felt something i 've never felt before . 
 you can call it love , or you can call it freefall . 
 they 're pretty much the same thing . 
 when deathsnake glided to a stop , we both looked like we 'd stuck our fingers in electric sockets . 
 einstein hair , steve buscemi eyes . 
 the guy had screamed more than i did . 
 i mostly laughed , at his screaming , at my fear , and finally at how good it felt to be alive right then and there . 
 not once had i thought of george or my mother or my sad life . 
 the guy-who i mentally upgraded to the guy , capital letters-offered me a hand out of the car . 
 we still had shit-eating grins plastered on our faces . 
 `` thanks , '' he said . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` helping me lose my rollercoaster virginity . '' 
 i do n't think he meant to flirt , but he blushed anyway . 
 he looked at me a little closer . 
 this is the part where they realize you 're jailbait . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he said , right on cue . 
 `` old enough . '' 
 i love what that does to their faces . 
 old enough to ... fill in the blank . 
 but the guy only smiled . 
 `` i do n't want your parents to think i 'm some creep . '' 
 he could have said , i 'm a teacher , and everything would have been different . 
 `` i 'm here by myself , '' i said . 
 `` all that matters is whether i think you 're some creep . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` let 's test that hypothesis . '' 
 and i headed for the exit . 
 i knew exactly what he was seeing from the rear view . 
 the cutoff jean shorts , the creamy legs sleek and slender as a filly 's , the tight tee , the cascade of burnished chestnut hair . 
 i was , perhaps , very slightly , flouncing . 
 normally i 'm cool and collected . 
 but i was giddy from the heights and this beautiful man paying attention to me . 
 i still had n't really seen him head-on , so in my mind he became a pastiche of male models and movie stars . 
 `` how do you feel about centrifugal force ? '' 
 i said over my shoulder . 
 `` totally against it . '' 
 `` great . 
 next up is the gravitron . '' 
 the line here was longer , and when he caught up we turned to each other , and i did a double-take . 
 there was the sensitive mouth i 'd seen earlier , the lips that looked made for poetry and murmuring sweet french nothings in cologne commercials . 
 je te veux , mon cheri . 
 but now there was a whole face to go with them , and that face-oh my god . 
 you know when a swimmer gets out of a pool , and they 're radiant and flushed , mouth open a little , eyelashes dewy and sparkling , squinting like they 've just come back from another world ? 
 he had that look , permanently . 
 like he was n't really from here . 
 he was some beautiful thing coming up from a beautiful place , squinting amiably at our brightness and filth . 
 i could give you the technical specs-cheekbones high and chiseled , straight patrician nose , tall forehead , boyishly handsome-but it was the expression that made him beautiful . 
 he 'd said something to me and i was just gaping like an idiot . 
 `` what ? '' 
 that smile again . 
 like a flashbulb going off , freezing you in the moment . 
 `` did you know you can walk on the wall while it 's spinning ? '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` it 's nuts . 
 you 'll feel like a superhero . 
 they wo n't let you do it now , but if you hang around till closing and slip them some cash , they 'll look the other way . '' 
 my eyes must have lit up at this . 
 the guy leaned in suddenly , tilting his face . 
 heart attack . 
 but he just stared at my eyes , as if searching for a stray eyelash . 
 a free wish . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i whispered , hoping i did n't have beer breath . 
 `` green , '' he said , and leaned back . 
 `` i wanted to know the color . '' 
 `` why ? 
 so the police can identify my body later ? '' 
 thankfully , he laughed . 
 we handed over our tickets . 
 `` five bucks says you scream , '' i said . 
 `` deal . '' 
 they strapped us to the wall . 
 lights went off . 
 marquees blinked on . 
 the giant steel saucer began to spin . 
 they were really going for the ufo effect here . 
 `` someday they 'll make spaceships like this , '' i said . 
 `` so the astronauts can walk around . '' 
 `` like in 2001 : a space odyssey . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the movie . 
 you 've never seen it ? 
 it 's a classic . '' 
 that was the first time i felt the difference in our ages . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` old enough , '' he said , and we both laughed . 
 my bones stuck to the wall like magnets . 
 i tried to raise my arm , but it weighed a hundred pounds . 
 the boards we were strapped to raised off the floor , our shoes levitating . 
 a girl near me giggled uncontrollably . 
 the saucer was still accelerating , flattening my insides , making me feel both weightless and infinitely heavy . 
 i tensed my legs and raised them straight out , sitting in midair . 
 the guy grinned at me . 
 his gaze lingered on my legs , and the edges of his grin softened , and even though my stomach was a pancake , something in it fluttered . 
 little two-dimensional paper butterflies . 
 the ufo reached maximum velocity . 
 i let my feet slam back down . 
 i wanted to feel like this all the time , like i was rushing through the universe , everything intense and pressed right up against my skin . 
 the guy gave a wild , jubilant yell . 
 the giggling girl sounded like she was drowning . 
 at that moment i knew every single person on the ride wanted it to go faster , faster , blood pooling at the backs of our skulls , until we were tingling and dizzy and flew apart into a million particles of happiness . 
 i had trouble getting my balance when we came down . 
 the guy rooted in his pocket for something . 
 he took my hand . 
 `` what - '' he pressed a five dollar bill into my palm . 
 `` you win . '' 
 i felt weirdly sheepish . 
 i did n't want to take his money . 
 `` i was just kidding . '' 
 `` i 'm a man of my word . '' 
 yes . 
 you 're a man , a very pretty one who 's being very nice to me , and i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing . 
 `` fine . 
 let 's support the economy , '' i said , waving the bill at the game stalls . 
 we decided the least-rigged game was the water gun race , because it had a winner every round . 
 i paid up and sat next to a little boy whose mom stood behind him , maneuvering his arms like a puppet . 
 on my other side was a fat drunk guy who smelled like sausage . 
 he leered at me . 
 this would be cake . 
 i grabbed my wwii-era machine water gun and took aim at the bullseye dead ahead . 
 the carnie counted down . 
 three . 
 two . 
 i brushed fatso 's bare leg with my calf . 
 one . 
 fssssshhhhhh . 
 the little boy lost before it even began . 
 he started crying , and his mom snapped at him and seized the gun . 
 she only managed to squirt out a tragic , flaccid little stream before her kid burst into wails and she pulled him off the seat . 
 `` and seven drops out , '' the guy announced , as the carnie stared at us with sullen boredom . 
 `` a sad day for team seven . 
 six has the lead now , but five is gaining fast . '' 
 i hit my bullseye flawlessly . 
 my marker rose smooth and steady . 
 fatso had pretty good aim , too . 
 we were neck and neck . 
 i rubbed my calf along his hairy shin . 
 `` but wait ! 
 five is falling behind ! 
 he seems to be losing focus . 
 can he pull it together ? '' 
 i hooked my foot around the back of fatso 's leg . 
 dragged my toes up his meaty hamhock . 
 ding ding ding ! 
 `` winner ! 
 number six by a landslide . '' 
 i turned a huge smile on fatso . 
 `` sorry , mister . '' 
 he was n't mad at all . 
 his piggish eyes gleamed . 
 `` i got another game you can beat me at . '' 
 `` dad , '' i said brightly , `` this man wants to play a different game with me . '' 
 fatso heaved himself off the stool , his hands up in the surrender/i-didn ` t-touch-her position , and backed into the crowd . 
 `` you 're a dangerous girl , '' the guy said softly . 
 i made a gun with my fingers and blew imaginary smoke away . 
 my choice of prize was a weepy-eyed velvet pony . 
 it was the look on its face-soulful , hopeful , earnest-that appealed to me . 
 i crushed it to my chest , getting my smell all over it as we strolled aimlessly through the crowd . 
 mostly older , drunker people now . 
 two veiny guys yelling , inching into each other 's faces . 
 a man chasing a woman who kept saying it was too late , he blew it . 
 `` i 'm thirsty , '' the guy said . 
 `` you want something ? '' 
 i shrugged , which apparently meant yes . 
 he bought two plastic cups of beer . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he said again as he watched me drink . 
 `` twenty-one . '' 
 `` when 's your birthday ? '' 
 he said fast . 
 my reply was just as quick . 
 `` august 17 , 1992 . '' 
 i 've memorized dates for getting into clubs since the dawn of time . 
 last year i was born in 1991 . 
 he relaxed , smiling , sipping . 
 `` congratulations . 
 you can do everything now but be the president . '' 
 i thought about why he was so fixated on my age . 
 what he was thinking of doing . 
 `` are you in college ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` dropped out . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` to strip . '' 
 his eyebrows rose . 
 i laughed . 
 `` kidding . 
 i never went . '' 
 we still had n't told each other our names . 
 it was beginning to feel deliberate . 
 `` you 're not from around here , '' i said . 
 he gave me a funny look , half flattered , half perplexed . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 `` for starters , stripping is a respectable profession in these parts . 
 it 's gainful employment . 
 plus you do n't have an accent . '' 
 `` neither do you . '' 
 `` well , golly , mr. man , '' i drawled , `` you sure are right about that . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` so you hide it . 
 you 've reinvented yourself . 
 a self-made woman . '' 
 i think he 'd been drinking earlier that night , like me . 
 his eyes were glassy and a bit feverish . 
 `` maybe , '' i said mysteriously , trying on the idea in my head . 
 a self-made woman . 
 i threw back the rest of my beer . 
 the guy stared at my throat , and i swanned for him as i swallowed . 
 when my head came down my eyes were lazily half-closed , my mouth pouty . 
 that fuck-me look i 've used to great effect on other men . 
 the guy averted his eyes . 
 took a drink . 
 scanned the crowd . 
 i felt stupid . 
 i hugged the stuffed pony under my arm . 
 `` why are you here alone ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said - '' he touched my elbow and bent close . 
 `` you want to go somewhere quieter where we can actually talk ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he did n't let go of my elbow , and i thanked a whole pantheon of gods for that . 
 it felt different now . 
 his skin on my skin caused a chemical reaction . 
 my cells were rioting . 
 we walked out of the carnival into the night sea of grass and stars . 
 i did a suave little twist of my arm until our hands joined . 
 i pulled him through the darkness toward the picnic bench , then let go and hopped up , hugging the pony between my knees . 
 he stopped a foot away . 
 `` you look incredible , '' he breathed . 
 a rush of sweet blood to my head . 
 `` so do you , '' i said , my voice also gauzy . 
 he moved toward me . 
 cool platinum starlight played off his hair , the gold sheen on his arms . 
 he was n't super tall , maybe five-foot-ten , but his frame was elegantly made , lithe muscle knitting around finely sculpted bones . 
 that muscle rippled beneath his t-shirt , and the jeans that molded to him . 
 i pressed my palms to the splintered wood but i could still imagine them running down a hard thigh . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you , i thought . 
 somewhere not far from here . 
 maybe the back of your car . 
 the only question is how we 'll get there . 
 `` did you bring me out here to talk , '' i said , `` or for something else ? '' 
 he looked chagrined . 
 he sat beside me on the table . 
 the rides were shutting down , great mechanical dragons folding their wings , coiling up their segmented tails . 
 i popped the stuffed pony behind my head and lay back , looking up at a perfect planetarium sky . 
 `` you asked why i 'm here alone . '' 
 i glanced over at him . 
 he stared straight ahead . 
 `` i see the lights every night . 
 it seems like the whole world has figured out how to be happy , but no one 's letting me in on the secret . '' 
 there are moments , when you 're getting to know someone , when you realize something deep and buried in you is deep and buried in them , too . 
 it feels like meeting a stranger you 've known your whole life . 
 `` why 'd you get on the rollercoaster ? '' 
 i said . 
 a little comma formed in the corner of his mouth , a half-smile . 
 `` i 'm starting a new job soon , and ... i 'm terrified , honestly . 
 i thought that if i faced another lifelong fear , it 'd give me confidence . '' 
 `` you did n't seem scared . '' 
 `` you do n't remember me screaming . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` au contraire . 
 08/21 . 
 never forget . 
 but you seemed happy . '' 
 it should have tipped him off that i did n't talk about his job , i talked about feelings . 
 i was too young to care about boring adult jobs . 
 i was still testing out how my heart worked . 
 he was smiling at me now . 
 i imagined him putting a knee between my legs , holding me down . 
 the sky felt like a huge hot aquarium , swimming with tadpole stars . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` why tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'm starting a new job too , actually . '' 
 `` what kind of job ? '' 
 high school senior . 
 `` it 's sort of an unpaid internship . 
 anyway , i guess i wanted to do something the old me would n't have done . '' 
 `` would the old you have done this ? '' 
 i sat up , slowly . 
 my body was languid and light . 
 we were very close , mostly by accident . 
 his stubble glittered like gold dust . 
 the ledge of his lips cast a shadow i could n't look away from . 
 `` what am i doing , exactly ? '' 
 i felt the heat of his hand before it touched me , and shivered . 
 he laid it above my bare knee . 
 did n't stroke , did n't squeeze , just placed it there like a card he 'd dealt , waiting for my move . 
 `` this ? '' 
 i said . 
 my voice had lost all body again , becoming air contained in a thin envelope of words . 
 i mirrored his movement , rested my hand on his jeans . 
 the denim was smooth-worn and warm . 
 his other hand cupped my face . 
 somehow he 'd gotten closer without quite kissing me yet . 
 there was a carnival smell still on us , beer and popcorn and motor grease , but all of that faded into a kind of white noise , and now i smelled him . 
 something between suede and smoke . 
 the clean tang of sweat mixed into his cologne , turning into a musky alcohol . 
 pure delirium . 
 i could n't breathe any more of this . 
 i could n't get enough of it . 
 my body was on autopilot . 
 mouth opening , face tilting , everything yielding . 
 `` what am i doing ? '' 
 i whispered again , and knew he felt my breath in his own mouth . 
 `` seducing me , '' he said . 
 my eyes opened all the way . 
 my bones regained solidity . 
 blood pumped furiously into my throat , my temple , fleeing my hands and every part of me that had wanted to be touched by him . 
 i pulled away . 
 his brow creased . 
 if we 'd known each other 's names , he would have said my name then with a question mark . 
 was that what i was doing ? 
 seducing him ? 
 another throwaway fuck ? 
 was that all this was ? 
 `` did i say something wrong ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 but i stood up anyway , grabbed the stuffed animal , mangled it in my hands . 
 again , that pained pause on his face where he wanted to say the name of this girl who was clearly upset . 
 funny , how our own names soothe us . 
 it 's okay , maise . 
 you are yourself . 
 whoever that is . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i was n't trying to seduce you . '' 
 the tension went out of him . 
 it was n't his fault . 
 it was just the crazy girl and her crazy girl-feelings . 
 was that unfair ? 
 maybe i wanted to be unfair . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 he came close , his hand hovering over my shoulder blade , waiting for clearance to land . 
 `` i did n't mean it in a bad way . 
 if you were n't trying , it would 've happened anyway . 
 you are so beautiful . '' 
 the hand retreated . 
 `` i 've upset you . '' 
 `` no , you have n't . '' 
 he rocked on his toes a few times , back and forth . 
 i 'd learn later that it was his nervous habit . 
 it endeared me then , a little-instead of retreating from anxiety , he psyched himself up to face it . 
 `` i do n't want the night to end like this . 
 can i take you home ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he walked at my side , never ahead or behind . 
 our bodies aligned naturally . 
 i never had to guess where he was going . 
 he drove a chevy monte carlo built before i was born . 
 it looked like something out of a tarantino film . 
 i do n't read too much into people 's vehicle choices . 
 mom drives a minivan , and she 's never taken me to soccer practice or gymnastics . 
 her van is her office . 
 only clients get to see the inside . 
 the front seat of his car was a solid piece of old leather . 
 it smelled dizzyingly masculine . 
 when he got in the seat dipped toward him , peeling away from my skin . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 i turned to him . 
 i was breathing hard . 
 he noticed and his hands came off the wheel , his body angling toward me . 
 we met halfway . 
 before this goes any farther , i should tell you i 've slept with older men before . 
 some much older than me . 
 like , x2 and up on the multiplication table . 
 one was almost x3 . 
 thanks , dad , for leaving a huge void in my life that freud says has to be filled with dick . 
 i do n't blame it entirely on him , though . 
 i am the master of my fate , i am the captain of my soul , and all that jazz . 
 obviously i 'm compensating for something , but i think even if i 'd had a normal childhood , i 'd have grown bored of boys my age . 
 they 're like over-sensitive car alarms . 
 a brisk breeze is enough to set them off . 
 i should know , since i lost my virginity to one in freshman year . 
 i did n't even realize it when he came-i thought he was still trying to get in . 
 okay , i thought . 
 bad first pick . 
 the next will be better . 
 the next one lasted twenty-four seconds . 
 i counted . 
 he said if i really wanted to feel something , we should try anal . 
 at some point you realize they 're still children , and it starts to feel weird and pervy . 
 so when a guy in his late twenties flirted with me at a gas station , i got into his car , and he f ** ked me on a bare mattress in a stuffy one-room apartment that smelled like ashes and beer . 
 he made sure i came first , and he did n't whine about wearing a condom . 
 he called me gorgeous and bought me a burger before he dropped me home . 
 i could get used to this , i thought . 
 so i did . 
 it seemed like the kiss would be frantic , urgent , but when our lips actually met it was soft . 
 restrained softness . 
 all the urgency went into our hands , perched on each other 's shoulder and neck like talons . 
 my heart was ecstatic . 
 he wanted this as much as i did and also wanted to not f ** k it up , to not let it become a gross sloppy drunk screw . 
 i kissed him slowly , indulgently , feeling the pillowed satin of his lips , the gritty scatter of stubble all around them . 
 it took serious willpower to go slow . 
 beery bitterness in our mouths , but it just made everything sweeter-this was something we wanted no matter what imperfections tried to deter us . 
 his hand circled my skull , pulled me into him . 
 i tilted my face further , my mouth at a right angle to his , opening for his tongue . 
 god , when had i last been kissed like this ? 
 had i ever ? 
 it felt like being f ** ked , but sweetly , more personally , somehow . 
 inside my veins my blood glowed the same neon red as those carnival lights . 
 he pulled out , pulled gently at my lower lip . 
 opened his eyes and looked at me . 
 `` i 'm not trying to seduce you , '' i said in an absurd gasp . 
 he smiled . 
 not the ultra-bright public smile from earlier , but one just for me , small and sly , one corner of his mouth higher than the other . 
 it was pretty obvious who was seducing whom here . 
 some part of my old self wrested control . 
 she curled her hands in his shirt and yanked him toward her . 
 she lowered her body to the long seat and hooked her legs around his , let his weight settle atop her . 
 they kissed again , her and him , and this time it was urgent and frantic and all the things they 'd been holding back . 
 teeth now , and nails . 
 she felt him get hard , the thick ridge of it pressing through his jeans against her inner thigh . 
 she felt our body , mine and hers , getting wet , the sweat between her br ** sts , on the back of my neck , between our legs . 
 we grasped the zipper of his fly . 
 the guy pushed himself up on his elbows , panting . 
 `` wait . '' 
 then i was me again , hair sticking to my face , flushed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 i could tell breathing was a conscious effort on his part . 
 he lowered his face , grazed my cheek with his sandpapered one . 
 `` i want you , '' he whispered into my hair , and a million filaments of electricity raced across my scalp . 
 `` but i want to know you . 
 i do n't just want a hookup . '' 
 when he raised his head again , i felt that same weightless drop i 'd felt when our hands first touched a hundred feet above the earth . 
 he combed a hand through my hair , untangling it . 
 `` is that too old-fashioned for you ? '' 
 a self-deprecating smile . 
 his forehead furrowed when he smiled like that . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` you are so beautiful . 
 god , i just want to touch you . '' 
 he sighed , his chest moving against mine . 
 sodium light slanted through the windshield , painting the side of his face with warm lemon . 
 `` you know why i was happy up there ? 
 because i completely forgot where i was . 
 all i could think about was you . '' 
 i could n't wait anymore . 
 i took his face in my hands and brought it back to me . 
 we kissed with closed mouths , then tongues again , and he pressed me down , his knee between my legs , like i 'd imagined him doing . 
 i felt his kiss all the way through me . 
 i felt it in every hollow place , filling me with summer heat , starlight , sweat , and abandon . 
 when he broke away i said , low and steady , `` we can do both . 
 it does n't have to just be a hookup . '' 
 his expression was pained , but he did n't argue this time . 
 i raked my fingers through his sweat-damp hair . 
 wrapped my legs around his . 
 his weight made my breath shallow . 
 i felt the rotation of the earth , our bodies pulled together by gravity . 
 `` i want to f ** k you , '' i said . 
 the pained look melted away . 
 i 'd burned off my alcohol . 
 the drunk feeling that surged in me now was self-generated . 
 i did n't even think of where we were parked , if anyone might walk by . 
 i did n't care . 
 he kissed my throat , my collarbone , pulled the tight sticky tee off with more grace than i would have . 
 his stubble tingled against my br ** sts . 
 he opened my bra , pressed his hot mouth to my skin . 
 every string in me tightened and hummed . 
 there was some jerky shifting as i tugged off his t-shirt and he took off my shorts , then our bodies rejoined , skin on skin . 
 every time an article of my clothing came off he would spend a moment exploring the revealed area with hands and mouth , then he would kiss me again . 
 something was spiraling wildly inside of me , more and more out of control . 
 my usual surgical approach to sex would n't work here . 
 he kept confusing it with these tender , adoring gestures . 
 just f ** k me , i wanted to say . 
 but i did n't want him to just f ** k me . 
 i wanted this to keep going on forever , never running out of clothes or new places to be touched . 
 finally his fingers slipped into the waistband of my underwear . 
 i popped the button of his jeans , and he did n't stop me this time . 
 he did n't stop me as i unzipped his fly , either . 
 or as i slid my hand around his dick . 
 it 's almost surreal , the first time you feel it and realize this man is going to f ** k you with it . 
 it was thick and hard , entire degrees hotter than the rest of him . 
 as i touched him his eyes closed , his eyebrows slanting upward , toward bliss . 
 i love that . 
 i love how absolutely helpless they get when you touch them . 
 i pulled him out of his jeans , pressed my thighs around him . 
 my underwear was still on . 
 he reached out for something . 
 flipped the glovebox open , extracted a foil wrapper . 
 pressed it into my hand . 
 i love when they let me do this , too . 
 i tore it open , rolled it over him . 
 there 's something so final about it that makes my insides turn to water . 
 no going back . 
 no more excuses . 
 it 's going to happen . 
 he ran a hand through my hair again , his eyes almost sad . 
 tucked both thumbs into my underwear and pulled it down . 
 i did n't let him take it all the way off . 
 too cramped inside the car anyway . 
 i wanted it to feel desperate , difficult , necessary . 
 `` fuck me , '' i said . 
 my voice shook . 
 he pressed himself against me , but not inside . 
 we both grimaced . 
 then again , letting me feel the length of him . 
 the condom was instantly slippery . 
 i breathed through my teeth . 
 he clamped one hand to the side of my face and said , `` tell me your name . '' 
 oh , fuck . 
 he was going to do this , make it real . 
 i bit my lip and rolled my h * ps against him . 
 his breath flooded over me . 
 i felt each muscle in him flexing , his abs crunching against my belly , his thighs stretching inside of mine . 
 he slipped his arms beneath my back , pulling me closer to him . 
 that hard dick right up against me was making my brain explode . 
 `` fuck me , '' i said again . 
 no shake . 
 a growl . 
 `` tell me your name . '' 
 it was n't easy for him . 
 i probably could 've waited him out . 
 he probably would 've given in . 
 but i said , impatiently , `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't want this to just be sex . 
 i want to know who you are . '' 
 men have a thing i call sex logic . 
 when they 're horny , which is most of the time , the rules of logic change . 
 instead of being an organized system of reasoning , logic becomes the shortest path to getting what they want . 
 in my present situation , i also succumbed to sex logic . 
 it 's not like he could find me with just a first name , anyway . 
 even in a town this small . 
 even with a name this uncommon . 
 and maybe a part of me wanted to let him in . 
 really let him in . 
 `` maise , '' i said , shaky again . 
 something shifted in his face , a puzzle piece sliding into place . 
 `` hello , maise , '' he said . 
 `` hi . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 `` evan . '' 
 `` evan , '' i said , `` please stop talking and f ** k me . '' 
 he kissed me first , and held my lip between his teeth , sharply , when he did it . 
 i cried out , not from pain but relief . 
 i 'd been aching for this , and it was n't until he was inside me that i realized it . 
 he f ** ked me slowly , his eyes open , on my face . 
 my fingers and toes curled and then sprang loose . 
 the funny thing was that his kiss had felt like f ** king me , and his f ** king me felt like being kissed , everywhere , every bit of my body unbearably warm and buzzing . 
 i had to turn away , close my eyes . 
 shut down some of my senses . 
 i heard my own voice , the breaths i vocalized without meaning to , and i sounded so girlish and young that it excited me . 
 i was getting off on myself . 
 crazy . 
 evan-oh god , he had a name now-lowered his mouth to my br ** sts , kissed them , sucked at a nipple as he thrust into me , and i felt like i was being turned inside-out . 
 everything became a confusion of overlapping sensations . 
 i had n't even realized i 'd slipped my hands into the back pockets of his jeans , pulling him deeper into me . 
 fleetingly i was aware of my bare foot splayed against the cool window . 
 the smack of my skin against leather . 
 eventually the outer world fell away and all that remained was pressure points . 
 his hands cupping my ass , holding me still , making me feel all of him inside of me , filling me with hardness and heat . 
 you start feeling crazy things when you 're close . 
 all the inhibitions dissolve . 
 i wanted him in every part of me , my mouth , my ass , between my br ** sts , every place that could be f ** ked . 
 he held still inside of me and i could have screamed . 
 when he started f ** king me again he was so slow , so f ** king slow i felt every inch of him , sinking in all the way to the hilt , pressing my clit , and my eyelids fluttered and i said , `` i 'm gon na come , i 'm gon na come , '' and he sucked in his breath and kept f ** king me steadily and i let go , every coiled bit of tension shooting out of my nerves in an electric storm . 
 he came with me , his whole body seizing up , monstrously strong for a heartbeat , his fingers digging into my ass and his dick a startling hardness inside me when i was already softening , melting . 
 he pumped into me , softer and softer , his head falling , body going slack , until his weight hung there , poised on the fulcrums of his elbows . 
 planets moved in their orbits . 
 dawn broke in the united kingdom . 
 a car door slammed like a typewriter key . 
 i looked up at his face . 
 he was already looking at mine . 
 when was the last time the man who 'd just f ** ked me wanted to see my face after he came ? 
 neither of us blinked or seemed to breathe . 
 he was still inside me , soft now . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 they usually pulled out immediately , or i disengaged and started looking for my clothes . 
 i could n't move , trapped under him . 
 he brushed my cheek with the back of his hand . 
 oh god . 
 please do n't say something cheesy . 
 please do n't talk . 
 he leaned in and kissed me . 
 i could deal with this . 
 i closed my eyes , kissed him back . 
 an aimless , unhurried kiss , not wanting anything from him now . 
 as he kissed me he pulled out , gentle . 
 i made a little sighing sound . 
 he tucked his dick into his fly , leaving the condom on . 
 his eyes moved over my body but now , opposite of earlier , they lingered on my face . 
 panic . 
 he was looking at me like he knew me . 
 not in the biblical sense-obviously we were past that-but in a you-are-more-than-a-quick-fuck sense . 
 i sat up , forcing myself to reach casually for my clothes . 
 underwear up . 
 bra on . 
 i could n't get into my shorts without almost kicking him in the face , which made him laugh , and grab my leg , and rub his cheek against my calf . 
 i tried not to let the prickle of his stubble send fireworks through my nervous system , but you try arguing with dopamine receptors . 
 the car smelled like bleach and sweat , that magical sex musk that is n't so magical after it 's all over . 
 how the hell was i going to get out ? 
 the pony stared at us lugubriously from the dashboard . 
 jesus . 
 little f ** ker had watched the whole thing . 
 `` maise . '' 
 my spine crackled when he said it . 
 i pretended to find something interesting in the side mirror . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` just trying it out . '' 
 would it be too rude to open the door right now ? 
 fingertips grazed my forearm , the fine peach fuzz there . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` maise . '' 
 i turned to him . 
 i guess that 's all he wanted-to say my name and get a response . 
 he tilted his head , that otherworldliness shimmering in him . 
 god , he was a beautiful man . 
 and he was so nice to me . 
 and i had to get out of his car before i choked . 
 `` hey , '' i said with forced cheer , `` i 've got an idea . '' 
 his eyebrows rose hopefully . 
 `` i 'm going to see if there 's anyone left to bribe at the gravitron . '' 
 i made myself smirk . 
 `` you should get cleaned up . 
 meet me there ? '' 
 i 'm a pretty good liar . 
 key skills : eye contact , confidence , not caring about the outcome . 
 but here was the problem . 
 somehow , in the two or three hours since i 'd met him , evan had gotten to know me well enough to see through the bullshit . 
 maybe he heard some undetectable crack in my voice , saw a furtive glint of desperation in my eyes . 
 because instead of joking or blushing or anything normal , he looked at me like i 'd just said i never wanted to see him again . 
 nevermind that that was exactly what i was saying . 
 `` okay , '' he said quietly . 
 key skill : followthrough . 
 `` great , '' i said , and leaned in to peck his cheek . 
 he grabbed my jaw , holding my face still . 
 my heart thumped like a vampire kicking his way out of his coffin . 
 evan just looked at me . 
 he ran his thumb over my mouth , my cheek , as if he was memorizing them , knowing it was the last time he 'd see them . 
 i did n't have the heart to give him a fake kiss . 
 i lowered my head and got out of the car . 
 my bike was chained to the cyclone fence behind the tilt-a-whirl . 
 it was quiet inside save for a few drunk carnies messing around with the strongman hammer . 
 i swung onto my seat , wincing at the sweet burn between my legs . 
 god f ** king dammit . 
 i had to stand to pedal out of the tall grass and dirt , and of course every push reminded me of what i 'd just done and how good it had felt and how bad i felt now . 
 yeah , i hook up with older guys . 
 and then i leave them , before they can leave me . 
 thanks for the abandonment issues , dad . 
 fuck you very much . 
 when i reached the blacktop my eyes were blurry . 
 it was just the wind . 
 really , it was . 
 -2 - mission : remake myself . 
 the movie cliche is to cut off my hair . 
 well , f ** k that . 
 not too many irish girls can boast about dark silky tresses . 
 i 'm also not going to buy a whole new wardrobe -lrb- broke -rrb- , get a pet -lrb- ca n't support a dependent -rrb- , a boyfriend -lrb- see previous -rrb- , or a makeover -lrb- mom 's whorepaint inspires me to stay au naturel -rrb- . 
 what i am going to do : delete all the numbers in my phone . 
 no more skeezy geezers , no more high school skanks who think talking to me means we 're friends , or that we are even in the same genus . 
 apply for college . 
 this has nothing to do with evan asking me about it . 
 face my fears , at least one per month . 
 i 've already done my duty for august . 
 in september , i 'll tell mom she has a drug problem . 
 if i make it to october , clowns . 
 get a job . 
 do n't expect mom to give a flying f ** k that i want to go to college , or to have any idea what i 'll need . 
 stop using men . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 maybe see that psychologist again . 
 or one who does n't have such a bunny fetish . 
 live , instead of numbing myself to life , like mom . 
 stop thinking about evan . 
 they made me register for classes late because o'malley technically starts with an o , not an m. which meant everything i wanted to take was gone by the time i sat down with the registrar . 
 `` i 'm sorry , maisie , '' the woman droned . 
 she looked half-asleep in the swampy ac . 
 `` it 's full . '' 
 `` maise , '' i corrected . 
 `` short for maisie , which is a name for a little girl . 
 and you do n't understand , i reserved film studies last year . '' 
 i caught a reflection of her laptop screen in her bifocals . 
 she was playing angry birds . 
 `` i 'm going to film school , '' i explained . 
 `` i need this class . '' 
 `` you 're going to be an actress ? '' 
 she said , tepidly interested . 
 `` no , i 'm going to make movies . '' 
 `` you 're pretty . 
 you could be an actress . '' 
 i started to say , it takes more than that , but depressingly , she was right . 
 `` ca n't you just look up the reservations ? '' 
 `` class is full . '' 
 a red bird went rocketing across her glasses . 
 `` how about drama 102 ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to f ** king act , '' i muttered . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` look , one of those seats was reserved for me . 
 maybe someone bribed you . 
 i 'm not judging . 
 i 'm sure they do n't pay you enough to put up with this shit . '' 
 i leaned across her desk . 
 `` but this is all i 'm passionate about . 
 if i do n't get this class , the only way i 'll get into film school is by sleeping with the dean of admissions . 
 he 'll probably make me blow him in his porsche . 
 him and all his douchey adjunct friends . 
 that 's the future you 're deciding right now . 
 think about it . '' 
 mrs. bird stared with her round , rheumy eyes . 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 click , click . 
 the laser printer whirred . 
 `` seems i was mistaken . 
 a seat just opened up . '' 
 mrs. bird handed the paper over , peering at me above her glasses . 
 `` you should seriously consider acting . '' 
 `` thank you , ma'am . 
 i will . '' 
 i beamed as i walked out to my bike , imprinting the schedule like a proverb on my heart . 
 film studies . 
 m-th-f 10:15 -11:45 . 
 e wilke . 
 rm 209 . 
 i was so absorbed in it i did n't notice the maroon monte carlo with the sad-eyed pony sitting on the dashboard , its coat shining sleekly in the sun . 
 if you 're a film buff , right now you 're probably thinking , she wants to go to film school and does n't even know kubrick ? 
 first : that 's why i wanted to get into film studies , duh . 
 i admit , my tastes skew modern . 
 i 'm more into lars von trier , terrence malick , and the anime films of miyazaki than the stuff you 're supposed to say you like-kubrick , hitchcock , the good ol' boys . 
 i 'm no hipster , though . 
 i love peter jackson and jj abrams just as much as the arthouse darlings . 
 so yeah , epic fail on my part when i did n't recognize one of kubrick 's most iconic works , 2001 : a space odyssey . 
 you think my film studies teacher would let me forget it , either ? 
 i see the lights every night , he 'd said . 
 i could n't get those words out of my head . 
 he lived or worked somewhere near . 
 in this flyover , flyaway town that barely topped five figures , one of them was a man with an angel 's face , a man who 'd asked me my name before he f ** ked me in his car on a fearless august night . 
 i could n't get him out of my head . 
 i biked up to the water tower on the hill overlooking the prairie . 
 climbed the rust-eaten struts up to a crow 's nest some stoners had hammered together out of mississippi driftwood . 
 it was n't as hot tonight , and a restless wind raked through the grass , smelling of loam and barley . 
 from here the carnival lights looked like fireflies swirling madly in place , trapped under an invisible jar . 
 just like me . 
 so , i thought . 
 am i feeling good after sleeping with a nice guy and leaving ? 
 is that hitting the spot ? 
 or am i feeling more alone than ever ? 
 answer : obviously . 
 maybe it was time to admit that being wanted intensely for a few minutes was n't enough . 
 it got me through a few hours , a few days here and there , but when the emptiness returned it felt bigger , hungrier . 
 i kept thinking it was the guy-once i found a nice guy , it would be different . 
 fulfilling . 
 but i left the nice guy like i 'd left all the others , and i was still empty . 
 and i covered it up with cockiness and bravado and kept telling myself that this was life , this was how things really were . 
 nobody was happy . 
 nobody was fulfilled . 
 evan thought there was some secret to happiness , but he was wrong . 
 the secret was to harden yourself . 
 not care . 
 not let the emptiness get inside you . 
 but i was failing pretty spectacularly at that . 
 rustling in the grass below . 
 a sharp crack . 
 i jumped up , wishing for a knife . 
 some tweaked-out psycho rapist ? 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 a boy called . 
 shit . 
 he was standing right next to my bike . 
 `` go away , '' i said menacingly . 
 silence , then a low laugh . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 `` do n't touch my bike , '' i said . 
 `` and go away . '' 
 a cigarette cherry glowed in the darkness , an angry orange eye . 
 `` rude . '' 
 the longer i stayed up there , the more scared he 'd think me . 
 i climbed down smoothly , jumping the last six feet and landing on nimble sneakers . 
 the boy was a good head and shoulders taller than me , but scarecrow-skinny . 
 i could n't see much of him except a huge adam 's apple when the cherry flared . 
 i knew most kids my age , and i 'd seen this boy around school . 
 a loner type , sorta weird . 
 `` hi , '' he said . 
 i picked up my bike . 
 `` you 're just going to leave without saying hi ? '' 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` bye . '' 
 he laughed again . 
 i swung my leg over and bit into the dirt with my tire . 
 `` i 'm wesley , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not looking for new friends . '' 
 `` that 's a weird name . '' 
 i laughed , despite myself . 
 dammit . 
 the ground was all rutted and lumpy . 
 would 've been faster to walk my bike out . 
 `` i 've seen you here before , '' wesley said , following me with a cloud of herbal smoke . 
 clove cigarettes . 
 `` great , '' i said , `` so you 're a stalker . '' 
 `` it 's not stalking if i was here first . '' 
 i stopped , my shoes slapping into the dirt . 
 `` look . 
 whoever you are , it 's nice to meet you , but this is n't going to work out . 
 i do n't want a friend , boyfriend , groupie , or big brother . 
 whatever you 're thinking , it 's not going to happen . '' 
 the cherry arced off into the darkness . 
 `` you 're m. o'malley , are n't you ? '' 
 ice in my heart . 
 `` what ? '' 
 crinkling . 
 he opened something white and fluttery in front of my face . 
 moonlight turned it bluish . 
 i could just make out laser print . 
 `` they dropped me from film class . 
 someone took my seat . 
 the lady in the office said it was a girl who looked like snow white . 
 she went on and on about how ` talented ' you are . '' 
 `` shit , '' i breathed . 
 `` i 'm not mad , '' wesley said . 
 `` but the least you could do is tell me why you need that class so bad . '' 
 i did n't even know about e. wilke yet . 
 how it would feel to need someone . 
 right then , i just wanted something of my own . 
 something i 'd made . 
 something no one could take away from me . 
 i stuck out my hand . 
 wesley frowned at it , then shook . 
 his skin was dry and rough , like a corn husk . 
 `` maise , '' i said . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` that 's my name . '' 
 i gave it easily , freely , no strings . 
 you remember these things later , when they matter . 
 `` and the reason i need that class , '' i said , `` is so i can get the f ** k out of this town . '' 
 he smiled , a big , crooked grin . 
 `` good . 
 that 's a worthy reason to f ** k me over . '' 
 wesley walked me home . 
 not intentionally , but the conversation just kept going . 
 turns out he 's into movies , too , but more the technical side : cameras , cinematography , video editing . 
 i respect people who get nerdy as f ** k about something they love . 
 he spent most of the walk explaining the difference between 24 , 30 , and 48 frames per second , and how human eyes work . 
 how our brains fill in the gap between frames . 
 how when we 're watching a movie , half of what we `` see '' is n't even real-we 're making it up in our heads . 
 i thought about seeing mom at one frame per day . 
 the way i blurred her life into something to fill the gaps . 
 i wondered if evan was doing the same to me in his head . 
 when we got to my house , wesley pulled out his phone . 
 `` want to trade numbers ? '' 
 i did n't want to say yes too easily . 
 high school boys are so presumptuous . 
 `` are you going to guilt trip me about that class ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` if i miss anything life-changing , you can tell me . '' 
 we traded numbers . 
 `` you lied , '' wesley said , grinning . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` not wanting new friends . '' 
 `` we 're not friends , '' i said coolly , walking toward the porch . 
 mistake . 
 i thought i was being flippant , not coy . 
 this is n't fourth grade . 
 we 're not going to instantly become bffs because we have the same cartoon character on our backpacks . 
 but what wesley heard was , i have not ruled out the possibility of f ** king you . 
 you 're never saying what you think you 're saying . 
 first day of school . 
 it felt like life was beginning all over again . 
 that september sun , still a smoldering summer ember but starting to fail , to slant a little more heavily . 
 the shadows of leaves flickering like pixels on the sidewalks . 
 all the voices were relaxed , happy to shake off the terrible freedom of summer and slip back into comfortable straitjackets , schedules and routines . 
 everything had a golden powdercoat , the autumn decay setting in slowly , breaking the world into molecules of sun and dust . 
 7:55 . 
 first bell , bright and comforting . 
 my insides arranged themselves obediently , preparing for the role we were going to play for the next ten months . 
 i waded through suntanned bodies , the ocean mist of gel and perfume . 
 everyone 's face was jammed against a phone , getting in their last few precious minutes of airtime before they severed all contact with the outside world . 
 i tossed mine casually into my locker . 
 wesley had texted me : lunch 4th period ? 
 and i said , see you there . 
 so began the first day of my `` new job , '' as i 'd told evan . 
 i wondered where he was , if he 'd started his yet . 
 in retrospect you want to scream at yourself : do n't you feel it ? 
 do n't you feel that strange edginess in your blood , the way it vibrates , as if some nearby force is disturbing it ? 
 do n't you notice the disturbance , luke ? 
 i slammed my locker closed . 
 a mean girl stalked past , lip curled . 
 her eyes slid down my body like a viper 's tongue . 
 okay , i had n't totally remade myself . 
 i was n't mother freaking teresa . 
 i wore shorts a hair 's width within dress code regs , and a button-up boy 's shirt that i had n't buttoned very diligently . 
 the funny thing was , even in my hillbilly attire and zero makeup , i looked a hundred times better than this girl who 'd spent all morning tweezing and abrading just to end up resembling a chihuahua . 
 i smiled at her sweetly , and her sneer deepened . 
 you could almost see the circuits sparking behind her eyeballs as she scanned me : target acquired . 
 terminate . 
 8:00 -9:05 , calculus . 
 save the worst for first , as mom says . 
 i was alert , assiduous . 
 i took old-school paper and pencil notes . 
 some kids tapped at laptops and tablets . 
 this is a dual lesson in class stratification , i thought . 
 9:10 -10:10 , world history . 
 this involved numbers , too , but not enough . 
 my mind wandered . 
 here 's a history of the world : girl meets boy . 
 girl f ** ks boy . 
 girl gets scared and skips out on boy . 
 boy builds civilization to lure girl back . 
 after class , i made a beeline for my locker to text wesley , but froze up . 
 what 's the polite way to say , i need comfort but am unwilling to reciprocate or share any titillating details ? 
 whatever . 
 we did n't even know each other . 
 who was getting presumptuous now ? 
 chin up , sport , i told myself . 
 next class was film studies . 
 my first taste of the future . 
 and then i 'd have an excuse to text wesley and gloat about what he 'd missed . 
 as i swam upstairs through the crush of bodies , i thought about what evan had said . 
 it 's a classic . 
 well , mister , if it 's such a classic i 'm sure we 'll study it . 
 like watching a lamb prance cluelessly toward the knife . 
 room 209 was at the end of a hall , a huge window beside it like a portal straight to the sun . 
 i spent a second soaking in the light , photons beaming through my eyelids . 
 when i walked into the room my vision danced with microscopic explosions of blood vessels , a hazy red sparkle . 
 i saw him first . 
 i did n't blink . 
 everything inside me came to a full stop . 
 he wore pressed slacks and a collared shirt , clean-shaven , hair combed neatly , a silver watch gleaming on his wrist , but it was undeniably him . 
 i knew those hands . 
 i knew that mouth . 
 i 'd pictured that face , grizzly with stubble , his eyes half-shut , nuzzling at my neck as i lay in bed and got myself off . 
 i knew instantly , unequivocally . 
 evan wilke . 
 starting his new job as a teacher at riverland high . 
 my teacher . 
 10:15 -11:45 , intro to the end of the world . 
 he raised his head and swept a generic , acknowledging smile over the room , starting with the far side . 
 it took all of two seconds to reach me but i felt it coming like thunder , sensing my imminent doom and yet paralyzed , unable to run . 
 he reached me and paused . 
 his face fell . 
 not into dismay-all expression went out of it . 
 shock . 
 a kid nudged me aside and walked in . 
 i stood stupidly in the doorway . 
 it felt like a series of small eternities , but it was only seconds . 
 evan stared at me dazedly . 
 i think he was confused . 
 i do n't think he realized i was a student yet . 
 i made myself step in and took the seat nearest the door . 
 his mouth opened slightly . 
 what did we do wrong , your honor ? 
 i was eighteen . 
 he was n't my teacher yet . 
 i drank . 
 everyone drinks . 
 he purchased alcohol for me . 
 i lied about my age . 
 not his fault . 
 i rest my case . 
 my eyes were open , but i was n't conscious of having seen anything for a minute . 
 a gray-out , mom called it . 
 you did n't pass out but you just ... were n't there for a while . 
 the room was starting to fill up . 
 evan shuffled papers around his desk . 
 then he stood there , staring at the surface , only his eyes moving , a rapid back-and-forth like rem . 
 was this a dream ? 
 it felt distinctly nightmarish . 
 he straightened and walked toward the door , pausing beside me . 
 `` can i see you outside ? '' 
 soft , discreet . 
 no hint of emotion . 
 i stood without looking at him . 
 i had n't brought anything to this class . 
 i thought i had everything i needed in my head . 
 he waited in the sun . 
 kids streamed past in and out of a bathroom . 
 all their noise seemed fuzzy and far away , behind glass . 
 i 'd imagined what i 'd do if i ever saw him again . 
 rush into his arms . 
 apologize for skipping out . 
 touch his face . 
 kiss him , kiss him . 
 instead we stood with two feet of solid sunlight between us . 
 `` maise , '' he said . 
 my head rose as if his voice had lifted it . 
 `` is that your real name ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i am so sorry . '' 
 i was n't prepared for this . 
 i 'd expected anger . 
 you lied to me . 
 you ran off . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i said . 
 he only shook his head . 
 `` i 'm eighteen , '' i said quickly . 
 darted a glance at the kids around us . 
 no one seemed to see anything out of the ordinary-just a teacher talking to a student . 
 `` i was eighteen then , too . 
 so-don ` t , you know . 
 be sorry . '' 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i think i 'm starting to be . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he rocked on his toes . 
 it made him seem young . 
 god , how old was he , anyway ? 
 i figured past his twenties , but i had no real f ** king idea . 
 two feet of sunlight was n't enough to block out that suede smell , tame and subtle now , but unmistakable . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , '' he said . 
 `` you tell me what you want . 
 you can transfer to another class . 
 or i can-i can submit my resignation , right now . 
 i 'll do it . 
 just give the word . '' 
 he was talking crazy , and it made my heart expand like a balloon . 
 you 're guilty . 
 flustered . 
 you know this will be a disaster if we pretend like nothing happened . 
 because you still feel something . 
 the warning bell rang . 
 one minute . 
 evan did n't move . 
 his gaze focused unerringly on me . 
 `` you did n't do anything wrong , '' i whispered , conscious of the emptying hall . 
 `` and i do n't want to transfer to another class . '' 
 `` maise , '' he said . 
 just my name . 
 `` and i 'm the one who 's sorry . 
 i should n't have left like that . '' 
 thirty seconds . 
 lockers slammed . 
 footsteps hurried . 
 `` i do n't know if i can do this , '' he said . 
 `` it 'll be fine . '' 
 i swallowed every bit of spit in my mouth to add , `` mr. wilke . '' 
 we were staring at each other when the final bell rang . 
 together , we walked back into class . 
 it was both the longest and shortest hour and a half of my life , and at the end of it all i remembered was him saying , `` see you thursday , '' and eyeing me a heartbeat longer than anyone else . 
 wesley gaped at me . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 i guess he was staring at my boobs . 
 i 'd totally forgotten them . 
 i 'd forgotten my entire body . 
 it was just this cloud of blood floating beneath me , an occasional warmth . 
 `` i see what that lady meant now , '' wesley said . 
 `` you 're very talented . '' 
 `` shut the f ** k up , '' i said lazily . 
 i could not stop grinning . 
 `` what are you so happy about ? '' 
 i pushed my gigantic smile at him , knowing how my face looked : rapturous , flushed , the sort of pupil-dilating ecstasy that makes guys lose it . 
 i did n't care if it was teasing . 
 i gave zero f ** ks . 
 `` life , '' i said . 
 `` being alive . '' 
 `` creepy . '' 
 i laughed , and spun my lunch tray on the slide counter . 
 a tater tot went sailing into oblivion . 
 mr. f ** king wilke . 
 at the beginning , you 're happy to simply be near them . 
 to look . 
 to bask . 
 it 's a gift fallen from heaven , accidentally nudged off a golden table , still glimmering with stardust . 
 i did n't have insane ideas about janitor closets and locked doors yet . 
 i was just happy . 
 wesley took out his phone while we ate and started filming . 
 it 's expensive , records in hd . 
 i was so high on myself i let him . 
 i leaned against the cafeteria window , squinting , looking for mr. wilke 's car . 
 it gave me an obscene thrill . 
 my sweat was in that car . 
 i 'd come in that car . 
 it was there somewhere , in the middle of all this wholesome kiddie shit . 
 my skin seemed to inflate with blood . 
 i felt everything pressing against me : air , voices , eyes . 
 like being on x. i wanted to touch everything , be touched everywhere . 
 i wanted everyone to know how alive i was . 
 wesley watched me through his phone camera . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` escaped mental patient . '' 
 i loomed close to the lens . 
 he tried to edge away . 
 `` joke 's on you , '' i said . 
 `` i never escaped . 
 this is the asylum . '' 
 `` you 're f ** king crazy , '' he said admiringly . 
 `` just you wait . '' 
 on my way home i saw mr. wilke 's car in the lot , from a distance . 
 i stood in the gravel , eyes out of focus , remembering how the leather stuck to my bare skin , until someone honked . 
 i do n't remember biking home . 
 i do n't remember anything . 
 was it even a day , or merely an interval of sunlight and bells and doors until i was alone , mom out on a sale , the house blissfully quiet and dark ? 
 i took a bath for the first time in forever . 
 pinned my hair up , found an old bottle of orange oil . 
 we always have candles . 
 count on a drug house for candles . 
 i lit a few and slipped into water so hot it could strip me to the bone . 
 dragged a loofah along my shins , my upper arms , slow as sin . 
 my skin needed stimulation . 
 my everything needed stimulation . 
 when i get myself off , it 's usually a utilitarian thing . 
 sex logic . 
 the shortest path to what i want . 
 not tonight . 
 i parted my knees , let a hand trail along my thigh and settle where gravity decided . 
 my eyes closed . 
 the memories came flooding back . 
 the gritty , scratchy feel of his face against my br ** sts . 
 that soft hot mouth pulling at my n ** ples . 
 i sank lower in the tub , letting the weight of the water cover me , crush me , like his body had . 
 ran a finger over my lips beneath the water . 
 it was n't the same . 
 i craved the hardness of him , that smoky leathery smell , that overwhelming sense of masculinity all around me , forcing its way inside of me . 
 candlelight flickered at my eyelids . 
 i touched myself the same way , lightly , flickeringly , warm water swirling around my fingertip . 
 it could almost have been a tongue . 
 i remembered him teasing me with the head of his dick , making me tell him my name first . 
 i breathed faster . 
 bit my lip . 
 slipped my finger inside . 
 water lapped at the porcelain , a wet smack like skin . 
 god , if only he was the one f ** king me right now . 
 this was his finger , i thought . 
 not mine . 
 this was him , shoving me against the classroom wall , his hand inside my underwear , his finger snaking inside me , f ** king me as i grew tighter around him . 
 his thumb circling my cl * t without touching the tip . 
 his finger sliding in to the knuckle , stiff and quick , that i took as deeply as i could , that made me ache in a place tucked so far inside it did n't seem real , the root of me . 
 his finger f ** king me and filling my belly with heat that built higher and higher until i could n't contain it anymore and it spilled over in a white-hot rush . 
 his hand making me come , making my thighs tighten and my voice cry out and my honey spread all over him , giving myself up to the water , to this man in my head . 
 tuesday . 
 carrot sticks and cream cheese . 
 me spending way too much f ** king time checking my hair between periods in case of an evan sighting . 
 my p.e. teacher : `` yes , i 'm a lesbian . 
 no , that is not a job requirement . '' 
 wesley filming a fight in the hall . 
 blood gushing from a guy 's nose , a long red creature that kept crawling and crawling out , endless . 
 a sudden , cold rain drenching me on the way home . 
 my invincible skin not even feeling it . 
 wednesday . 
 the familiar smell of clove cigarettes . 
 a girl in history asking if i wanted to work on a report together . 
 lingering storm clouds , turning the world below into zinc and aluminum . 
 wesley showing me a video of a homeless guy downtown who kept crossing the same intersection , back and forth , back and forth . 
 thursday . 
 he looked up when i walked in . 
 i waited and let a few other kids go in first , so i could walk in alone . 
 so he could look up nervously and see me and break into a smile , that smile i remembered from the car , the small , private one . 
 he looked down quickly at his desk , but his lips were still curved . 
 `` maise . '' 
 what the f ** k was wesley doing in my class ? 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i said . 
 he pouted . 
 `` nice to see you too . '' 
 i sat down next to him and shot anxious looks between him and mr. wilke . 
 could he know ? 
 was it some kind of intervention ? 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i was on the waiting list . 
 someone dropped . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the disappointment in my voice did n't go unnoticed . 
 wesley kicked the desk in front of him . 
 i tested the edge of a fingernail with my teeth , a bad habit . 
 worlds colliding . 
 this never ended well on sitcoms . 
 `` i just was n't expecting to see you here , '' i said . 
 `` clearly . '' 
 he did n't look at me . 
 i looked at my desk . 
 someone had carved rihanna = slut . 
 i thought about adding chris brown = domestic abuser , but mr. wilke probably would 've caught me before i finished . 
 i was not going to entertain the insane detention fantasy that instantly popped into my mind . 
 all my stoked-up happiness had evaporated . 
 i was n't the self-made teacher-seducing minx who 'd walked in . 
 i was a banal teenage girl with depressingly typical problems . 
 i glanced up at mr. wilke . 
 it was like he had maise radar : his eyes rose to mine immediately . 
 or maybe he 'd been looking at me more often than i realized . 
 i remembered the bathtub and blushed , but did n't look away . 
 i can do this , i thought . 
 i ca n't touch you but i can eye-fuck you . 
 he wore his collar open today , his hair a little mussed , and i wondered if it was for me . 
 i let my eyes move over him , shoulders to waist , then a slow return . 
 his stayed steady on mine . 
 movement in my peripheral vision . 
 wesley , training a video camera on me . 
 `` jesus , '' i snapped , whirling away . 
 `` will you f ** king ask me first ? '' 
 `` i was capturing a moment . '' 
 my heart throbbed in my throat . 
 `` what moment ? '' 
 `` homicidal rage . '' 
 despite myself , i laughed , relieved . 
 wesley was not a bad guy . 
 socially awkward , probably a virgin , possibly latching on to me in an unhealthy way . 
 but right then , that sort of teenage boy angst was comforting . 
 familiar . 
 a simple toy i could pick up and understand , instantly . 
 ballast against mr. wilke and whatever was happening between us . 
 the final bell rang . 
 my teacher stood up , smiling . 
 an open , ordinary smile . 
 he spoke to us , asked questions , spent more time listening to our answers than he lectured . 
 showed us film clips on youtube , tropes that popped up time and time again . 
 grinned and nodded enthusiastically when we began to recognize them for ourselves . 
 asked about our favorite directors , actors , composers . 
 i managed to answer like a normal human being . 
 i got into a debate with a guy about whether alien was a feminist movie . 
 wesley pointed out that ripley was originally written as a man , and someone called him wesleypedia -lrb- brilliant -rrb- , and mr. wilke let me go on a five-minute rant about hollywood infantilizing women and not giving us a female-helmed die hard . 
 he listened to us earnestly , his face filled with curiosity , amusement , respect . 
 he was smarter than us but not smug . 
 he shared his intelligence like a secret , making us conspirators in it . 
 i could feel the whole class falling in love with him . 
 and every time his eyes touched me , the air jolted . 
 heat lightning . 
 i 'd started to follow wesley out of class when mr. wilke called my name . 
 wesley raised his eyebrows . 
 i shrugged , pretending to have no idea what it was about . 
 `` i 'll catch up . 
 buy me a taco . '' 
 `` you 've got five minutes until i eat it . '' 
 `` pig . '' 
 i was dragging it out . 
 i was nervous . 
 this could be something amazing , or this could be the turning-in-my-resignation / you 'll - be-better-off speech . 
 and this would absolutely be the first time i 'd been alone with him since the night we met . 
 i turned around . 
 he stood behind his desk , a solid obstacle preventing untoward contact between teacher and student . 
 `` close the door . '' 
 my heart did a kickflip . 
 i closed it , lingered over the lock , left it open . 
 walked slowly toward his desk , wondering where i should stop . 
 my knees hit cool steel . 
 `` hi , '' he said . 
 we had n't talked until now . 
 all that stuff in class had been between other selves . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he seemed about to say something rehearsed , eyebrows up , mouth ajar , but he just looked at me and it melted away . 
 and he kept looking . 
 `` is this weird for you ? '' 
 he said finally . 
 `` yes . 
 is it weird for you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 the corner of his mouth lifted . 
 my stomach mimicked it . 
 my center of gravity grew wings and took off . 
 `` i keep hoping this is some elaborate practical joke , '' he said . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` life is an elaborate practical joke . '' 
 `` how do we make this work ? '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` shit , '' he said , laughing . 
 `` i did n't - i mean , how do we have a class together without it being weird ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's possible . '' 
 `` if it ever gets too weird for you , tell me . 
 anything you need , i 'll do it . 
 no questions asked . '' 
 i hated that he was treating me like a victim . 
 someone he needed to make reparations to . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i said , propping my hip against the desk , folding my arms . 
 `` what happens if it gets too weird for you ? 
 you just get to pack up and leave ? '' 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 `` what is it like ? '' 
 `` and it 's already too weird for me , '' he said , ignoring my question . 
 `` i have no memory of this week . 
 there was the moment you walked into my class , and there 's now . 
 nothing else . '' 
 my mouth opened , an involuntary breath coming free . 
 `` but i do n't want to impose that shit on you . 
 it 's not your problem . '' 
 `` impose , '' i said . 
 he winced . 
 put a hand on his desk , leaned into it . 
 the space between us was finding ways to close , even with solid objects intervening . 
 `` i do n't want to screw your life up , maise . '' 
 `` do you have a class fourth period ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i unfolded my arms and before he could do anything , i took that open collar in my hands , lifted on my toes , and kissed him across the aircraft carrier he called a desk . 
 he did n't fight . 
 he kissed me back , oh so lightly , lips barely parting . 
 careful . 
 he tasted like mint creme , kind of like bailey 's . 
 his face felt somehow rougher without stubble . 
 `` this is dangerous , '' he said against my mouth . 
 `` i know , '' i said . 
 he pulled me onto his desk and i swung my legs across to his side . 
 we never stopped kissing . 
 one hand at the back of my neck , the other gliding between my thighs . 
 my legs tightened but my mouth opened in response , as if my wires had crossed . 
 i thrust my hands into that hair i 'd wanted to mess up so badly . 
 i was short of breath but kept kissing him anyway , not getting enough of that creamy mint , those lips that were somehow firm and yielding at the same time , opening me , parting me . 
 giddily i thought , have you been eating mints on the off chance this would happen ? 
 have you been obsessing about this as much as i have ? 
 a knock at the door . 
 hands instantly demagnetized . 
 i hopped off his desk , smoothed my shorts . 
 he dropped into his chair and crossed his legs . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he called , deep and steady . 
 i stepped back to an appropriate distance , but our eyes never left each other . 
 thank f ** king god , it was just some random kid . 
 `` you got the projector in here ? '' 
 `` no , '' mr. wilke said . 
 `` it 's in 208 . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the door closed . 
 we both breathed audibly . 
 `` we ca n't do this here , '' he said . 
 `` where can we do it ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` nowhere , '' he said , but his words were at odds with his eyes . 
 `` do n't give me the fake boy scout routine , '' i said . 
 `` you 're sitting there with a hard-on . '' 
 my bravado was slightly spoiled by my breathless delivery . 
 the way he looked at me from under his eyebrows , slightly sheepish , slightly intense , turned every girl part in me to jelly . 
 i clenched my hands to keep them from idle evil . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i do n't know , maise . '' 
 say my name . 
 god , keep saying it . 
 `` you wo n't break me , '' i said , my voice low . 
 `` i 'm not a doll . 
 i 'm not fragile . 
 and you ca n't possibly screw my life up any more than it is . '' 
 that furrowed look , the mournful angel observing human tragedy . 
 `` it 's not just about damage control . 
 it should be more than that . '' 
 `` then give me more , '' i said . 
 the fourth period bell rang . 
 i walked out , but my heart stayed right there where i 'd planted it , a tender little seed waiting for sun . 
 friday looked like rain . 
 that sneaky summer rain that waits for a still moment and sucks the air out of the world backdraft-style and explodes the sky into water . 
 for the first time in eons , mom drove me to school . 
 we sat in the van like strangers on a plane , making awkward small talk . 
 `` you still talk to melissa ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` that melissa girl you went around with . 
 the blonde . '' 
 `` i have n't talked to her since freshman year . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 traffic light . 
 yellow . 
 red . 
 `` got lunch money ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` where you get it ? '' 
 `` turned a trick . '' 
 `` watch your fuckin ' mouth . '' 
 green . 
 `` can you get out here ? 
 i got a pickup . '' 
 i opened the door wordlessly . 
 `` babe . '' 
 i looked at my mother . 
 she had my face , under crayon makeup . 
 she had the hick accent i 'd ironed out of my voice . 
 she had the dead-end future i would never , ever have . 
 `` let 's go out this weekend . 
 you and me . '' 
 drop dead . 
 `` i 'm going to be late , '' i said . 
 `` love you . '' 
 i slammed the door . 
 pictured it closing on her face . 
 the clown stamp she 'd leave on the glass . 
 you wondered why i lied to you , mr. wilke ? 
 because i 'm never going to be her . 
 `` we 're going to do things differently in this class , '' he said . 
 i sat next to wesley , my attention drifting outside . 
 a big old granddaddy black oak shivered in a sudden breeze , a thousand leaves clicking dryly , like castanets . 
 the smell of gunsmoke drifted through the open windows . 
 the world was tense and desaturated , waiting for the catharsis of rain . 
 i knew exactly how it felt . 
 wesley filmed mr. wilke . 
 mr. wilke said it was okay , as long as he had the subject 's permission . 
 permission was very important . 
 remember that . 
 `` i 'm not a believer in tests or quizzes or any of that bullshit , '' our teacher said . 
 bullshit got my attention . 
 i turned to him . 
 casual today , jeans and a plaid tee . 
 he wore glasses sometimes , simple plastic frames , the narrow lenses emphasizing that crinkling thing his eyes did . 
 i was not the only girl in class who noticed this . 
 hiyam , a girl with skin the color of butterscotch toffee and hair like liquid midnight , kept crossing her legs this way , then that . 
 wesley held the camera on mr. wilke , but he was looking at hiyam now . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm only giving you one assignment this semester , '' mr. wilke continued . 
 `` you 're going to make a short film . 
 any genre , any style , any subject . 
 it can be a documentary about your three-legged cat . 
 it can be a classic sci-fi genre film . '' 
 his eyes touched me , and i blushed . 
 `` whatever . 
 it 's up to you . 
 minimum three minutes long , max ten . 
 you can group up or tackle it solo . 
 i strongly encourage you to group-that 's how most films get made . '' 
 he leaned against his desk . 
 i thought about that body laying atop mine on the long front seat of his car . 
 hiyam yawned , stretching her arms above her head . 
 cleavage shot . 
 wesley dropped his camera . 
 `` i 'm so not working with you , '' i murmured . 
 `` however , '' mr. wilke said , looking straight at me , raising all the blood to my skin , `` if you 're some kind of mad genius auteur , you can go it alone . 
 it 's all up to you . '' 
 hiyam narrowed her eyes at me , like a cat . 
 `` this project is due by winter break . 
 we 'll watch and grade them together . 
 you may not ask me any questions about it . 
 i 've told you all you need to know . 
 if you were n't paying attention , i 'll post a copy to our class folder online . '' 
 `` hear that , butterfingers ? '' 
 i told wesley . 
 he grinned . 
 `` wan na be partners ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 've already got an idea for ours . 
 it 'll be sick . '' 
 this boy , i swear . 
 i dallied when the bell rang , hoping wesley would leave without me , but he waited , faithful , puppyish . 
 on the way out the door i glanced back . 
 mr. wilke watched me , his face angled partially away , shadowed . 
 our gazes struck like flint and steel . 
 and i realized that gunsmoke smell was n't ozone . 
 it was us . 
 we burned . 
 wesley ate my chicken nuggets as i stared into the parking lot , moon-eyed . 
 here and there a dash of rain shot down , a meteor streak of water . 
 the sky clenched , desperately holding itself in . 
 there 's something so terrible about wanting something you 've already had . 
 you know exactly what you 're missing . 
 your body knows precisely how to shape itself around the ache , the hollowness that wants to be filled . 
 jesus christ , this was only the end of the first week of school . 
 no f ** king way would i make it to winter break , let alone june . 
 `` hey maise . '' 
 i glanced at wesley miserably . 
 you know , he was n't terrible-looking . 
 he had character . 
 deep-set eyes , bruise blue , intense . 
 shaggy dark hair that always looked windblown . 
 big adam 's apple , big mouth that flexed easily into a lupine grin . 
 if he ever gained any weight or body hair , i might 've - no , i still would n't . 
 but other girls would . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 've got a crush on that teacher . '' 
 my belly tightened . 
 crush was understatement of the year . 
 but it might be good to know how it looked to an outsider . 
 `` why do you think that ? '' 
 `` cuz you 've been walking around with that i-want-to-be-fucked face all day . '' 
 i laughed , and sat across from him , plucking a nugget from his tray . 
 it looked vaguely like a deformed rooster . 
 `` hiyam likes him too . '' 
 wesley made a disgusted sound . 
 i dipped into the honey mustard . 
 `` you do n't think he 's hot ? '' 
 `` he 's a million years old . '' 
 `` you are so childish . '' 
 `` would you seriously f ** k a guy that old ? '' 
 decision time . 
 do i let wesley know the real me , or do i make up a persona for him , a suit of armor i can take on and off ? 
 as if there was a choice . 
 as if i was n't burning up inside with this . 
 every time i opened my mouth , flame licked up my throat . 
 i could have razed villages , kidnapped princesses . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` i would . '' 
 his eyebrows went up . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` have you ? 
 with a guy that old . '' 
 i smiled enigmatically and ate my nugget . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 `` you do n't even know what old is , '' i said . 
 `` mr. wilke is probably like , thirty . 
 that 's nothing . '' 
 `` he was in high school before we were born . '' 
 my heart paused . 
 little factoids like that cut right to the bone of reality . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , he was probably f ** king high school girls when we were little kids . '' 
 `` why do you have to be gross ? '' 
 i said , and shoved his tray at him . 
 `` you are such a boy . '' 
 wesley blinked at me . 
 i think he understood what i actually meant . 
 not , you are so male . 
 rather , you are so young . 
 he was still seventeen , a december birthday , but the gulf between us was more than five months . 
 it was generations . 
 `` what makes you such an authority ? '' 
 he said . 
 i shook my head and stood up , the armor going on . 
 but i did n't want it to end like this . 
 `` i 'll be your partner , '' i said . 
 `` if you still want me to . '' 
 wesley shrugged , eyes on the tray . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 we needed something , i thought . 
 a thing we could do to show we had n't meant to hurt each other . 
 on impulse , i flicked his earlobe . 
 he jumped so hard the table rattled , and i laughed . 
 `` by the way , '' i said , `` we 're officially friends now . '' 
 i was waiting at his car when he came out . 
 most teachers stay late on friday , catching up on papers , making plans to hit the bars together . 
 mr. wilke headed for his car exactly fifteen minutes after the last bell . 
 i could tell when he saw me , the hitch in his step , the quick , guilty scan for witnesses . 
 in the student lot kids yelled and honked as they took off for the weekend , but the faculty lot was quiet . 
 i sat on the hood of his car , one foot propped on the fender beside it . 
 a tiny , distorted version of myself swirled in the hubcap chrome : a southern snow white , all skim milk legs below my cutoffs , red toenails and sandals . 
 the silver sky wrinkled with storm clouds . 
 he stopped in front of the hood . 
 his hand tightened on the strap of his messenger bag , his knuckles white spurs . 
 `` do you need to talk ? '' 
 he said in a muted voice . 
 i shook my head , slowly . 
 his chest rose and fell with a deep breath . 
 he went to the driver side , unlocked it . 
 stood there unmoving . 
 `` we ca n't do this , '' he said , but it sounded like he was talking to himself . 
 i hopped off the hood and he got in the car . 
 but he just sat there , keys glinting in a limp hand . 
 then he turned and looked at me through the passenger window . 
 my eyes skipped to the dashboard . 
 somehow , in my daze , i had n't noticed it . 
 the stupid velvet pony with its too-human eyes . 
 i looked back at mr. wilke . 
 there was something very boyish about him at that moment , despite the five o'clock shadow , the blue rivers of veins mapping the back of his hand , the entire adult world he was part of . 
 he looked lost . 
 maybe it was hypocritical , but the boyishness i barely tolerated in guys my age was exactly what drew me to him . 
 he was like me : not fully part of the adult or child world . 
 an exile , watching wistfully from the outside . 
 something sharp and cold struck my shoulder . 
 a car drove past , a face turning to us . 
 we were utterly still . 
 another icy dagger , this time hitting the crown of my head . 
 then it all came at once , the sky exploding into water . 
 thank you jesus . 
 mr. wilke sat there watching me . 
 he did n't take his eyes off mine for a second , even when my hair plastered itself to my face and my shirt turned to cling film , and i stood motionless , expressionless , knowing i was going to win . 
 he leaned over and opened the door . 
 i got in . 
 rain drummed on metal , a hundred wild heartbeats surrounding us . 
 mist came off my skin as if i was some ethereal creature . 
 our bodies faced forward , our faces angled toward each other . 
 `` you kept it , '' i said . 
 a long pause before he said , `` it smelled like you . '' 
 everything solid in me evaporated , leaving only breath . 
 i weighed nothing . 
 he started the car . 
 i felt the engine rumble in my belly . 
 i was a very thin , transparent piece of skin , everything going right through me . 
 a sheet of nerve endings . 
 i pressed my palms to the seat and drank in the smell : the old leather of the seats , the new leather of his skin , and , startlingly , me . 
 my presence suffused his car . 
 rain and orange oil , the creamy body lotion that was coming off on the seat . 
 i wiped wet hair out of my face and mr. wilke caught my hand . 
 i waited , wide-eyed , ready for anything . 
 his fingers curled around mine , painfully . 
 his whole arm was rigid . 
 tension corded up into his neck , his jaw . 
 no words . 
 just that crushing grip . 
 he let go . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 it rained ruthlessly . 
 i had no sense of time passing , of moving through space , only the zircon curtain clattering against the windows and the heat of his body so close to mine . 
 i knew he was barely paying attention either because he almost ran a red . 
 he slammed the brakes so hard the tires screeched and i caught myself on the dashboard , his arm tangling with mine . 
 `` killing us both is one way to solve it , '' i said . 
 he drove more carefully , his hands strangling the wheel . 
 the closer we got to my street , the faster something accelerated inside of me , a terrifying urgency . 
 how could i stall ? 
 how could i wring more out of this moment before it was over ? 
 he parked several houses down from mine . 
 i did n't tell him to , and there was room in front of my house . 
 my heart stuttered . 
 car interior . 
 afternoon , heavy rain . 
 two people turn to each other . 
 raindrops crawl over the windows and paint shadows across their faces . 
 action . 
 `` evan , '' i said . 
 it was the first time i 'd said his name since that night . 
 it hit him like an electric shock , opening his eyes wider , stiffening his muscles . 
 there was power in it and i wanted to play with that power . 
 but not yet . 
 `` i 'm sorry i left that night , '' i said . 
 him and the pony looked at me sadly . 
 i felt a childish urge to hug it . 
 `` why did you go ? '' 
 he said . 
 there was no choice here of putting on the armor . 
 this man had already seen the real me . 
 `` because i was scared , '' i said . 
 `` because you made me feel like being myself was n't such a bad thing . 
 like it might even be special . 
 i did n't know how to deal with it , and i panicked . '' 
 i grimaced , hearing my words . 
 `` this sounds stupid . '' 
 my left hand lay on the seat . 
 he covered it with his . 
 `` no , it does n't . 
 you 're being honest , so i 'll be honest , too . '' 
 his fingers contracted . 
 `` this feels wrong , maise . 
 i 'm your teacher . 
 it 's not just about getting caught . 
 it 's how our lives will get screwed up even if no one finds out . 
 sneaking around , secrecy , paranoia - '' `` you 're seriously underestimating how much i like espionage . 
 and it 's just until school ends . '' 
 `` is that how you want to spend your senior year ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to spend it wondering what could have been . '' 
 his expression turned morose , inward-looking . 
 `` evan , '' i said again , and he focused on me . 
 `` if i had n't left that night , if this kept going ... would you still think we should stop now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` do you really want to stop ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said softly . 
 there was no desperate collision of bodies this time . 
 we moved in small increments , my fingers lacing through his , my neck craning toward him . 
 my gaze fixed itself on his jaw , the place just under his lower lip where sandy stubble graded into smooth skin . 
 his free hand came up and touched my mouth , traced it , fingertips pushing in , against my teeth . 
 again i grimaced . 
 i saw him through my wet eyelashes , blurrily . 
 unbearable . 
 all this restraint , everything furled and reined in , while the rain came down with pure wrath . 
 a car roared past , throwing up a tsunami against his door . 
 we both started . 
 it must have broken the trance , because then his arms were around me and i was on my knees , kissing him , pressing his back to the window . 
 i tasted glassy rain and my own wet hair tangling across my face . 
 he did n't stop me to fix the shot . 
 he wanted me as i was , raw , unedited . 
 his hand ran up the back of my bare leg , his fingers stroking the inside of my thigh . 
 i gasped against his mouth . 
 lost a sandal . 
 rubbed my face against his jaw , hard , feeling the grit . 
 mark me , i thought . 
 give me something to take away with me . 
 something i can touch when i 'm alone , remembering this . 
 when we stopped to breathe he took my face between his hands . 
 `` you do n't know what you do to me . 
 i ca n't look at you in that classroom . '' 
 `` you look at me all the time . '' 
 `` and do horrible things to you in my head . '' 
 my blood was wildfire . 
 i felt my swollen mouth , my sharp teeth digging into my lip , my dreamy half-shut eyes , and knew what i looked like to him . 
 `` do them to me , '' i said . 
 `` take me somewhere . '' 
 he gave a long , long sigh . 
 his lips were bright red from my attentions . 
 `` i want to . 
 you have no idea how much i want to . '' 
 two fingers on my chin , pinching gently . 
 `` this is moving very fast . 
 we should think it through . 
 think about how to be less conspicuous . '' 
 my face lit up with dark glee . 
 `` i can be discreet . 
 i can be harriet the f ** king spy . '' 
 his hands moved to my ribs . 
 palms cupping my br ** sts , rubbing my wet shirt into my skin . 
 it chafed , but i did n't want him to stop . 
 i wanted this . 
 imprint yourself on me , i thought . 
 it felt like he held all of me , gathered there next to my heart , small enough to fit in his hands . 
 `` i wish i could take you away , '' he said in a rough , eerie whisper . 
 i shivered . 
 `` how am i supposed to make it through the weekend ? '' 
 `` i was wondering the same thing . '' 
 we kissed for a while , soft , sweet goodbye kisses . 
 we traded numbers . 
 we touched each other 's faces , hands . 
 the glass had gone opaque , glowing with fuzzy spots of color , the way a camera blurs background lights . 
 we kissed again . 
 i tried to think of another excuse to stay in his car , and he smiled , reading my thoughts . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing with you , '' he said . 
 `` that 's okay , '' i said . 
 `` just do n't stop . '' 
 i stood in the rain , watching his car go . 
 a string tied to it looped around my heart and pulled tighter and tighter until it sheared clean through . 
 -3 - at seven saturday morning i woke to mom 's voice , a raven screech ravaged from cheap alcohol and cigarettes . 
 `` babe ! 
 i made breakfast . 
 let 's go shopping . '' 
 i pulled my pillow over my face , wondering if i had the discipline to suffocate myself . 
 `` get up , lazybones . '' 
 curtain swish . 
 holocaust sunlight ignited my bed , seeping through the pillow . 
 `` go away , '' i groaned . 
 i 'd been having a weird dream about being chased through a cornfield by a wild dog . 
 i could n't see it when i looked back , just the ripple through the stalks . 
 but when it growled i felt its breath on my neck , hot and toxic . 
 by `` made breakfast , '' she meant bought mcdonald 's . 
 at least it was n't her usual liquid meal . 
 i scarfed an egg sandwich and observed the woman who gave birth to me . 
 sunlight was not kind to her face . 
 her eyeshadow looked greasy , not covering the dark circles so much as completing them . 
 her lipstick was thick and tacky . 
 no one still wore magenta except ironically . 
 once upon a time , this witchy skeletal creature was a teenage girl , like me . 
 her eyes were a clear peridot , her skin poreless alabaster . 
 she was beautiful . 
 men and boys worshiped her . 
 i shuddered . 
 i had the disturbing sense of looking into a mirror that showed the future . 
 `` what do you need to shop for ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` for you , silly . '' 
 i eyed her suspiciously . 
 `` you never buy me things . '' 
 `` it was a good week . 
 we got some extra cash . '' 
 translation : i sold a lot of meth to kids your age . 
 `` and you 're going to spend it on me . '' 
 not a question . 
 a tentative statement . 
 `` i ca n't stand looking at them ratty clothes . 
 you need something nice . '' 
 them ratty clothes were good enough for mr. wilke , i thought . 
 `` you can just give me the money , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll buy them myself . '' 
 please , jesus , do n't go with me . 
 mom smiled . 
 her porcelain caps shone brilliantly . 
 the majority of her teeth were fake , the real ones rotted out by meth . 
 `` if i got to pay to spend time with you , i will . '' 
 zip , thunk . 
 arrow right in the heart . 
 it sank deep , quivering . 
 i knew this woman loved me in some delusional way . 
 i just preferred when we both ignored that fact . 
 she chain-smoked in the van . 
 i hung halfway out the window , texting wesley . 
 please kill me . 
 girls ' day out with mom . 
 he texted back , who 's the girl ? 
 good old wesley . 
 we drove through sleepy carbondale , green lawns and campus commons , to the university mall . 
 ice cold ac , that soda pop smell in the slightly carbonated air . 
 mom took me straight to american eagle . 
 we passed a rack of pre-torn , pre-faded jean shorts , indistinguishable from what i was wearing except for the price tag . 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 translation : told you so . 
 `` get what you like , '' mom said . 
 she held a mesh tank against her boobs , turning left and right . 
 `` i 'll meet you at the register , '' i said , slipping away . 
 alone on the hardwood floors under champagne-colored lights , i 'll admit it-i felt slightly glamorous . 
 i could n't stop looking at myself in the mirrors . 
 i knew i was pretty . 
 i 'd never been one of those angsty girls who needed constant reassurance . 
 when your mom 's skeezy `` business partners '' hit on you when you 're twelve , you learn fast . 
 i 'd been aware of male attention since before menarche . 
 i knew i was desirable . 
 i knew how to wield that as both a tool and a weapon . 
 i 'd never really thought of myself as beautiful , though . 
 the girl in the mirror was beautiful . 
 part of falling in love with someone is actually falling in love with yourself . 
 realizing that you 're gorgeous , you 're fearless and unpredictable , you 're a firecracker spitting light , entrancing a hundred faces that stare up at you with starry eyes . 
 the girl in the mirror stared at me . 
 she blinked slowly , knowingly . 
 she seemed to be looking at something bright-chin raised , eyes distanced , guarded . 
 button nose and full lips . 
 her mouth was open slightly , a sliver of white visible . 
 she had the kind of effortlessly slender body older women hated her for . 
 despite what wesley said , her br ** sts were average , even on the small side , but she carried them in a way that made you aware . 
 she carried her whole body that way . 
 spine straight , each limb flowing loosely and easily . 
 she only had bones when she needed them . 
 rich chestnut hair spilled over her bare shoulders , an elegant mess . 
 i looked at her and thought , i do n't know who you are . 
 a group of girls drifted past , laughing in brazen tones . 
 they smelled like a walking bath and body works ad . 
 they were moisturized and shining and tan , but beneath that was pudginess , acne , bulimia , self-hatred . 
 they were processed . 
 i was natural , uncultured and untamed . 
 my phone vibrated . 
 britt , the girl from history class , asking about our project . 
 after i 'd responded and put it away , i still felt it . 
 his number was right there , snug against my ass . 
 any moment , i could reach out to him , connect . 
 for now it was comforting just knowing it was there . 
 but i knew this kind of comfort would n't last . 
 i 'd need more . 
 mom did n't bat an eyelash at the armful of clothes i dumped on the counter . 
 i watched the register tick up , growing increasingly nervous as we hit $ 100 , $ 150 , $ 200 . 
 no way would she go for this . 
 she 'd stop the cashier . 
 oh god , she was n't stopping the cashier . 
 there was going to be a scene . 
 $ 242.18 . 
 mom pulled out a wad of twenties . 
 i tried not to gawk . 
 one of the laughing bulimic girls watched us leave , her eyes glinting jealously . 
 i was too stunned to say thank you . 
 i followed mom to the food court , feeling like a delivery person , about to give this to some kid who really deserved it . 
 she bought us a huge plate of orange chicken and picked at it , eating like a bird . 
 my body tensed , expecting a blowup . 
 it could n't go this long without turning ugly . 
 `` want to see a movie ? '' 
 mom said . 
 my mouth dropped . 
 we had n't done that since i was little . 
 i cleared my throat , blinked . 
 something weird was happening in my chest . 
 it was an actual feeling for this woman . 
 `` i 'm kind of tired , '' i said . 
 her eyes widened . 
 she looked like a sad raccoon . 
 her mascara made spider legs out of her eyelashes . 
 `` maybe a short one ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 i could n't believe myself . 
 i knew she was manipulating me . 
 i did n't know why yet , but i knew better than to buy her shit . 
 remember what she 's done to you , i thought . 
 remember those nights she left you alone on the couch with a man who kept saying how pretty you were , who touched you , so she could squeeze more money out of him . 
 remember her going to jail for possession and sticking you in a group home for three months . 
 remember she 's the reason you 're so screwed up . 
 i did n't remember anything . 
 i sat with her in the refrigerated theater , smelling her cigarette breath and way-too-young perfume , watching a terrible movie , laughing . 
 that night , i sprawled on my bed with my ancient laptop , ostensibly researching my history report but actually googling mr. wilke . 
 not much internet presence . 
 some placeholder profiles on social networking sites . 
 some blurry jpegs . 
 even those tiny , pixelated images made my heart spin like a top . 
 i saved the best one to my desktop , glancing at it while reading about the cold war . 
 not good . 
 i was becoming obsessed . 
 new search : illinois age of consent laws . 
 we were legal . 
 that night at the carnival was legal , obviously , and even if it happened now , as teacher and student , when he was in a `` position of trust or authority '' over me , it would still be legal because the cutoff was seventeen . 
 as an eighteen year old , i could legally f ** k my teacher . 
 of course , if anyone found out , they 'd fire him in a heartbeat . 
 he 'd probably never teach again . 
 something heavy thudded downstairs . 
 i put in my earbuds and lay back , eyes closed . 
 the constellations , `` right where i belong . '' 
 mellow and bluesy and bittersweet . 
 just how i felt . 
 a tepid breeze ghosted through the room , smelling of grass and dying summer . 
 the cicadas were so loud i heard them through the music , the rattle of a million rainsticks . 
 what are you doing right now ? 
 i wondered . 
 what if i called ? 
 something heavy fell again . 
 my bed vibrated . 
 i sat up , yanking out my earbuds . 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 crash . 
 i stormed downstairs , calling for mom . 
 a man stood in our living room . 
 rangy , gray beard , jeans so oily they looked like leather . 
 `` your mom had too much to drink , '' he said . 
 mom was on the floor . 
 he was trying to help her to the sofa . 
 `` jesus , '' i said , kneeling . 
 her skin was cool to the touch . 
 `` she was n't drinking . 
 she 's cold . 
 what did she take ? '' 
 the man gave me an unreadable look . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i shook her . 
 she was breathing , but shallowly . 
 `` mom , what did you take ? '' 
 i thumbed open an eye . 
 her pupil contracted in the light . 
 she moaned , rolled away from me . 
 thank f ** king god . 
 i turned to the man . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` paul . '' 
 `` paul , '' i said curtly , `` carry my mom to bed . '' 
 he carried her , and i held her head up . 
 i pulled the cover over her . 
 turned on the lamp . 
 found her cell and pressed it into paul 's hand . 
 `` you 're going to stay with her until she comes down , '' i said . 
 `` check her pulse every ten minutes . 
 if it slows , or she gets colder , or stops breathing , call a f ** king ambulance . 
 i ca n't do this again . '' 
 paul had trouble paying attention to my mouth . 
 he stared at my legs like they were talking . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i snapped my fingers . 
 he looked up . 
 i took a picture of him with my phone . 
 `` now i 've got you on file . 
 do n't f ** king leave her until she comes down . '' 
 paul 's beard twitched . 
 i shut the bedroom door and leaned my head against the wall in the darkness . 
 my throat twisted shut . 
 selfish bitch . 
 she had never , ever let me be a kid . 
 a wedge of hot amber light fell across me . 
 paul stepped out of the bedroom . 
 for a pathetic second i considered hugging this stranger . 
 i needed to be hugged , by anyone . 
 paul put a hand on my back . 
 my shoulders knit . 
 the hand slid down to the top of my ass . 
 i slammed my elbow into his gut . 
 he gave a small , stifled gasp . 
 `` touch me again , '' i said , `` and i 'll f ** king kill you . '' 
 i walked fast out of the hall , but once i turned the corner i ran for the front door . 
 slammed it behind me . 
 dropped onto the top step , breathing wildly . 
 god , my life was a f ** king joke . 
 i pulled my phone out , intending to call wesley , to beg him to meet me somewhere , but before i could a new text popped up . 
 from mr. wilke . 
 just a photo , no words . 
 a ribbon of fireflies zigzagging through the night . 
 the fiery spokes of a ferris wheel . 
 the merry-go-round like a giant music box . 
 deathsnake , a sinuous line of lights rising into the sky , dropping off into oblivion . 
 it looked like a small galaxy , a fog of colored light hanging around it like a nebula . 
 he 'd taken it from his house . 
 the lights he saw every night . 
 my heart calmed . 
 i stared at the screen , forgetting the life behind me . 
 wish i was there , i replied . 
 a moment later , his response : me too . 
 somewhere in the universe , two hearts reached out and connected . 
 then a figure stepped into the light streaming from the house , a shadow falling over me . 
 i leapt up and ran for my bike in the garage . 
 pedaled furiously down the street to the highway . 
 i headed for the water tower , racing as fast as i could , even when i was alone with the arctic starlight and the wind keening in my ears . 
 at the reservoir i jumped off my bike , letting it fall . 
 used my momentum to run up the hill . 
 breathless , sweaty . 
 my blood sang in my veins at hypersonic speed . 
 i climbed to the crow 's nest , feeling savage . 
 i could kill someone with my bare hands right now . 
 wesley sat on the driftwood boards , a point of orange fire frozen beside his face . 
 `` maise ? '' 
 i collapsed beside him , rolling to my back and staring up at the fat-bellied tank . 
 drank air that tasted like clove smoke . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 i waited until i had my breath back . 
 `` my mom overdosed . '' 
 `` is she going to live ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , yes . '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` maybe . 
 i really do n't give a fuck . '' 
 i felt him looking at me . 
 i slid to the edge of the platform , dangling my legs off . 
 thirty-foot drop to grass and dirt . 
 probably not fatal . 
 `` what 's your greatest fear ? '' 
 i said , gripping an iron strut angling overhead . 
 wesley exhaled . 
 `` being alone for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` that 's a good one . '' 
 my fingers flexed . 
 `` mine is being my mom . '' 
 i kicked myself off the platform . 
 wesley yelled something . 
 my arms held ; i swung out over space , light as air . 
 it seemed i could let go and just float to the ground like ash . 
 arms around my waist . 
 his attempt at `` rescuing '' me almost resulted in both of us falling . 
 i kept telling him to let go , let go , but he would n't . 
 we toppled backward , his arms still locked around me . 
 i wrestled free . 
 `` jesus , '' i said . 
 `` you almost made that a murder-suicide . '' 
 `` you 're f ** king crazy , '' he screamed . 
 i stared at him . 
 his cigarette lay smoldering on the boards . 
 `` i 'm not like you , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want to self-destruct . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said in a soft voice . 
 `` if you want to kill yourself , do n't do it in front of me . 
 do n't make me try to save you . '' 
 i watched , speechless , as he climbed down the ladder and stalked off through the tall grass . 
 then i stood there alone . 
 the cherry still burned . 
 i stubbed it out with my toe and sat down . 
 i felt empty , a sort of diffuse hunger , a gnawing sensation in my belly and lungs and throat . 
 the world shivered brightly . 
 do n't . 
 do n't f ** king cry . 
 i took my phone out . 
 lost myself in those lights , the stupid pixels that formed words that meant everything . 
 from up here i had a view of the carnival , too . 
 i snapped a pic . 
 mine was farther out , a sprinkle of rainbow glitter . 
 i sent it without a message . 
 his reply , almost instantaneous , was what i 'd expected , and i smiled . 
 wish i was there , he said . 
 me too , i answered . 
 i pressed the phone to my chest , a warm rectangle of light irradiating my bones . 
 i was n't sitting there alone . 
 i was n't alone anywhere anymore . 
 something made me check the screen again . 
 i 'd read it fast , teary-eyed . 
 it was different when i read it the second time . 
 what he 'd actually written was , wish you were here . 
 wesley met me monday morning outside calc with a carrot cupcake . 
 `` olive branch , '' he said . 
 i split it with him . 
 `` hey , '' he said , licking frosting from his lips , `` if shit gets crazy at your house , you can come to mine . 
 my mom wo n't try to give you advice . 
 she 'll just stuff your face . '' 
 on impulse , i hugged him . 
 he was ungodly tall . 
 `` thank you , '' i said somewhere in the vicinity of his xyphoid process . 
 when i let go he was blushing . 
 a pang of guilt . 
 had i been leading him on , by habit ? 
 nip that in the bud . 
 i flicked his ear . 
 `` hiyam 's having a homecoming after-party . 
 you want to go and drink her booze and stare at her tits ? '' 
 `` fuck yes . '' 
 i walked into film studies later that morning feeling more in balance with the universe than i had in a long time . 
 which meant , of course , that the universe had to swing a big rusty wrench straight into my face . 
 he was n't there . 
 a sub sat at his desk . 
 `` where 's mr. wilke ? '' 
 i said . 
 the sub shrugged . 
 `` his instructions say you can use this period to work on your semester project . '' 
 wesley and i slipped out after she took attendance . 
 `` this is f ** king weird , '' i muttered . 
 `` why ? '' 
 because he drove me home friday . 
 because we made out in his car , in the rain . 
 because he said he thought of doing terrible things to me in his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he did n't seem sick last week . '' 
 `` mysterious illnesses often strike the elderly . '' 
 i kicked the back of wesley 's knee . 
 `` are you gon na spend the whole day pining for him ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` meet me in the lab in ten . 
 we can start on our masterpiece . '' 
 where are you ? 
 i texted mr. wilke when i was alone at my locker . 
 i waited for a reply . 
 five minutes . 
 ten . 
 then i sighed , and tossed it in , and buried myself in schoolwork . 
 he finally responded that afternoon . 
 court date . 
 nothing major . 
 i did n't reply . 
 a minute later , he added , i miss you . 
 i stood at my locker as kids milled around me and felt like i was on a movie set , surrounded by extras . 
 their lives were so small , so simple . 
 so scripted . 
 no one had a secret life like this . 
 no one was texting the teacher they 'd f ** ked , the teacher they were planning to f ** k again . 
 i want to see you , i said . 
 i expected a brush-off . 
 i did not expect him to say , can you meet me outside school ? 
 yes . 
 god , yes . 
 where ? 
 he gave me an address not far away for a pickup . 
 and then where ? 
 i said . 
 wherever you want . 
 i sat on an old cold case outside a derelict gas station half a mile from school . 
 the sun banged off chrome pumps scabbed with rust , ricocheting into my eyes in bright bullets . 
 heat baked up from the cracked concrete . 
 a tin sign pocked with bb holes creaked mysteriously , no breeze touching it . 
 i reclined in a cool bath of shadow , my body relaxed , my mind going a million miles an hour . 
 he pulled up like a movie star , one arm propped on the headrest , mirrored aviators flashing . 
 i got in . 
 the seat leather scorched my legs . 
 we did n't speak . 
 he took his sunglasses off . 
 his eyes were tender and soft beneath . 
 he wore a pinstripe shirt and tie with jeans , sleeves rolled up , hair wind-tossed . 
 sun gilded the feathering of stubble on his cheek . 
 we did n't kiss . 
 our hands met on the scalding seat between us . 
 i breathed fast . 
 i had n't been this scared since i got into that rollercoaster car by myself . 
 this was the same thing , really-getting on a ride that might destroy us . 
 worst case scenario : he loses his job , i get kicked out of school . 
 best case scenario - i do n't know . 
 what is the best case scenario ? 
 sneaking around , peering out of curtains ? 
 lying to everyone we know ? 
 i thought of that robert frost poem they love to ruin for you in high school . 
 two roads diverged in a yellow wood . 
 this was where my life forked . 
 i could only go one way ; in the other , gwyneth paltrow plays my alternate self like in sliding doors , ending up miserable or happy . 
 that was the question . 
 which one was she ? 
 which was i ? 
 i knew which one i was . 
 the fearless one . 
 i squeezed his hand . 
 the silence between us rang . 
 it made everything so clear . 
 i saw my thoughts reflected in his face , the trepidation fighting with a very simple , very biological need . 
 he looked at all of me , my fresh teenage skin , my adult certainty , my old soul . 
 no one had ever looked at me so completely . 
 no one had ever seen me as such a whole , rounded person . 
 yes , i thought . 
 this is the road i want . 
 he squeezed my hand back , then took the wheel . 
 it 's amazing how much you can communicate without words . 
 we drove onto the highway , through neat green rows of soybeans raking to the blue horizon . 
 my window was down , hair lashing my face . 
 the air smelled chemical with a tang of sickly-sweet fermentation . 
 a blade of sunlight lay across my legs , making my skin glow . 
 i glanced at mr. wilke . 
 his look made something deep in me ache . 
 i held on to the feeling , letting it open inside of me , blossoming , filling me from toes to fingertips with a tension somewhere between hunger and pain . 
 by habit i put my thumbnail between my front teeth . 
 i had n't meant it seductively , but mr. wilke stared , a smile flitting around the edges of his mouth . 
 great job , lolita . 
 now you just need some heart-shaped sunglasses . 
 i felt his eyes on me , hot as the sunlight . 
 i knew he was watching every move . 
 i tilted my head back , eyes half-closing , the wind playing over my face . 
 my heart beat a slow , bluesy rhythm . 
 it felt like acting , like being on stage , every camera on me , bewitched . 
 the car slowed . 
 we both looked at the motel sign , then each other . 
 he turned . 
 crunching gravel . 
 parking space . 
 engine off , ticking . 
 heat swarmed into the silence , becoming almost a sound , a high locust whine buzzing against my skin . 
 i heard him breathing . 
 he was n't quite looking at me , his gaze landing somewhere on the dashboard . 
 we knew what we were doing , your honor . 
 he put his sunglasses back on and popped the glovebox , handing me a second pair . 
 i laughed softly . 
 like this would hide anything . 
 maybe it was n't for other people . 
 maybe it was for us . 
 it was a lot easier to face him without seeing his eyes . 
 my reflection in his lenses : a girl without fear , her lips slightly upturned , knowing . 
 he got out and headed for the registration office . 
 panic attack . 
 i flipped down the sun visor , clawed at my hopeless hair . 
 what had i eaten since i brushed my teeth that morning ? 
 what planet had i been on ? 
 no memory of anything between waking and the moment i got into his car . 
 i could n't sit comfortably in my own skin . 
 every tendon was a violin string stretched taut , dying to sing out at the faintest touch . 
 what if it was different ? 
 what if i 'd ruined it by lying , leaving ? 
 god , what the hell could he possibly see in a screwed-up eighteen-year-old ? 
 how screwed-up must he be to get tangled in my life ? 
 footsteps on gravel . 
 i slapped the visor up . 
 no more thinking . 
 i opened my door , slammed it shut loudly , defiantly . 
 my senses focused on small things : the pumice scrape of his shoes , a splash of sun on a steel bumper . 
 he opened 112 and went in first . 
 i followed , closing the door behind me . 
 dim inside , afternoon light straining through muslin curtains . 
 there were heavy drapes to either side of the window that we did n't touch . 
 i had impressions of square silhouettes in the murk but all i really saw was him . 
 taking his sunglasses off , setting them on the bureau . 
 moving toward me . 
 taking my glasses off , too . 
 i blinked at the dust suspended in a cloud of sunlight . 
 i did n't realize i was n't going to step further into the room for a while . 
 mr. wilke put his hand under my jaw , raising my face . 
 my body pressed against the cool metal of the door . 
 i ached like i 'd been asleep , or watching a long movie , and needed to be pulled , stretched , used . 
 it made my face sullen , made his eyes narrow . 
 we looked at each other with that resentment you feel when you want something so much it 's causing you pain , so much you start to hate it a little . 
 there was a whiff of gasoline and the city on him and that smokiness i 'd become addicted to . 
 i put my hand on the knot of his tie . 
 his mouth opened , as if i 'd touched some live part of him . 
 our lips met . 
 what happened felt more like chemistry than a kiss . 
 pure liquid heat on my lips , dissolving into me , trailing a hot line down my chest and pooling in my stomach . 
 my heels rose off the floor . 
 all of me rose , unanchored , held down only by his weight pressing me to the chilly slab of the door . 
 we kissed as we could not have done until now-like lovers . 
 he tilted my head , slid his tongue into my mouth , not urgent or hurried but in a way that made me feel the inevitability of this . 
 the hand on my jaw moved over my chest , my belly , to the button of my shorts . 
 i 'd had some practice unknotting ties . 
 when i tugged it free he pulled back , those full red lips slanting in a half-smile . 
 this made it easier to unbutton his shirt . 
 he watched me , letting me have my way with him . 
 raised his arms obediently when i rolled up his undershirt . 
 i wanted to press it to my face , smother myself with it like ether . 
 but he took my wrists and pinned them above my head and something trembled in me , somewhere between blood cells and neurons , a liminal space where i was n't quite mind or body . 
 god , he was going to f ** k me right here , against the door . 
 his hands let go and mine stayed raised , obedient . 
 he unbuttoned my shorts , knelt to take them off . 
 warm breath sighed between my thighs , making me feel my own wetness . 
 large , careful fingers slid beneath my underwear , pulling , fingertips running down my legs . 
 i bit my lip so hard i tasted sweet copper . 
 he kissed my hip , moving along the soft crease of my thigh , moving lower as his hands spread my legs open . 
 i could n't . 
 i could n't anymore . 
 i thrust my fingers into his hair and pulled his head back , making him look up at me . 
 my face said it all . 
 he stood , unzipping himself , taking the condom from his back pocket as i pulled him out of his jeans . 
 his dick felt huge and burning hot in my hand . 
 i slid my palm around the base and he froze , the muscles of his chest chiseled against his skin , unmoving . 
 my fingers stroked the fine silk over that hardness , pumping slightly in my hand . 
 just touching it made me curl up , everything in me going super tight . 
 he put the condom on himself . 
 lifted me suddenly under the knees , making me grab him for balance . 
 then it was only my spine against the door and his dick thrusting inside of me , and i lost all breath , all function , all everything . 
 for an endless moment all i felt was penetration . 
 slow and hard . 
 slow and deep . 
 he made sure i felt every single thrust . 
 i was hard inside , too , my body coiled and tense , and the first few moments were so poignant it was almost painful . 
 then the rhythm took over , and the world began to fade back in . 
 my bare thighs rubbing against his jeans . 
 the way his abs flexed , the muscle rolling , the little trail of bronze hair he pressed against my navel . 
 the viperous motion of his body as he f ** ked me . 
 he held me a few inches above him and raised his face , watching mine without kissing me . 
 the way we looked at each other was more intimate than a kiss could have been . 
 i saw his pupils dilating like a pulsing black heart . 
 i saw every tremor of strain and pleasure that went through him . 
 i watched what i did to him , how vulnerable he became as he gave himself to me , f ** king me but also being f ** ked himself , that slightly lost , boyish look coming into his face as he got closer and closer . 
 a fire built in me , leaping from cell to cell , setting my body slowly alight , but i made myself keep my eyes open and watch him . 
 his eyes closed , his eyebrows rising helplessly . 
 his fingers dug into the backs of my legs . 
 his dick was so hard and thick inside me that all i felt was a sweet fullness in my core . 
 every time he sank in completely and compressed my clit , a bolt of pure electricity shot up through my belly . 
 my eyes were open wide when the tension in me changed from resistance to surrender , and i started to gasp uncontrollably , and did n't tell him i was coming , but he knew . 
 the fingers clenching my legs tightened like claws . 
 i came so fast and hard it was like a flash of sheet lightning , a blinding white bliss , there one second and gone the next , and i gaped at the shadowy room , dazed . 
 he kept going for a few more seconds , groaning , thrusting hard one last time and then rocking through the aftershock , settling against me , our weight easing limply against the door . 
 his head rested in the crook of my shoulder . 
 i ran a hand over his back , light , unsure of myself yet , of this closeness . 
 it was like an awful pounding clock had finally stopped ticking . 
 the silence in the room was peaceful , melancholy . 
 i breathed in the smell of him . 
 of us . 
 my sweat on his body , my wetness on his jeans . 
 i wanted to pause this moment and linger in it , looking around , memorizing . 
 he pulled out gingerly , but did n't let me down . 
 his arms tightened . 
 he carried me to the bed . 
 my breath fluttered in my lungs . 
 he laid me down and lowered himself beside me , looking up at the ceiling . 
 we reached for each other at the same moment , our hands linking in the small gulf between us . 
 oh my god , i thought . 
 just that . 
 a pleasant daze . 
 my body was full of sunlight . 
 no blood , just liquid blue sky . 
 i did n't know how much time had passed when his head turned to me . 
 i looked over , feeling lazily magnanimous . 
 everything was golden and graceful . 
 i 'd thought his eyes were blue , but in the september light they had a silvery , metallic look , like brushed aluminum . 
 `` hi , '' he said , soft and low . 
 something lit up in me like a candle . 
 i propped myself on an elbow , swung my leg across him , and crouched over his body . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 it was the first time we 'd spoken since friday . 
 for a long time he held me atop him , looking at me . 
 i kissed him but he broke it after a second . 
 when i tried to get up , he pulled me back . 
 `` let me look at you , '' he said . 
 `` before your guard comes up . '' 
 so i let him look . 
 at first i was nervous , my eyes flickering away , suddenly aware that i wore nothing below the waist . 
 i tucked my hair behind my ear and it immediately tumbled back into my face . 
 then i eyed him askance . 
 there was nothing in his expression but curiosity , so innocent it seemed almost childish . 
 my anxiety melted . 
 a slow , small smile took over me . 
 cocky , not shy . 
 the way i 'd smiled at the carnival . 
 i owned every part of me , the nudity , the just-had-sex hair , every mistake i 'd ever made , and wrapped myself in it . 
 evan touched my cheek and pulled me closer against him . 
 my hair fell around us , enclosing us in a dark veil . 
 i ran my palm over his chest , the smooth-carved muscle , the patch of coarse gold hair across his pecs , the dense , solid bones . 
 let my hand move lower to the silky down on his belly . 
 god , i thought . 
 you are such a f ** king man . 
 his hands moved over me , outlining the slimness of my arms , my hips , stopping on my bare ass , his fingernails pressing into my skin . 
 the innocent look was gone . 
 `` did you see her ? '' 
 i said . 
 he raised his eyebrows questioningly . 
 `` the real me . '' 
 `` she 's right here , '' he said , and kissed me . 
 the afternoon became a blur of this : of kissing him , and being held , and not leaving that bed . 
 he stepped into the bathroom to clean himself up and brought me my underwear . 
 i put it on but took my shirt off , and we spooned , his hands all over me . 
 we talked as much as we kissed . 
 `` tell me everything about you , '' he said . 
 `` what 's your favorite movie ? '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 you can not ask me that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i sat up , giving him a horrified look . 
 `` first of all , because i want to impress you . 
 second , because it changes on a daily basis . '' 
 `` you have one , you just do n't want to tell me . 
 i 'll tell you mine . '' 
 my lip curled with hostility . 
 he laughed . 
 `` say it together , on three . 
 ready ? '' 
 `` no , '' i shrieked . 
 `` one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 casablanca . '' 
 `` jurassic park . '' 
 he broke into a huge grin . 
 i flopped face-first onto the bed . 
 `` i 'm going to die . '' 
 `` a modern classic , '' he said , tickling my heel . 
 `` i remember seeing it in the theater and thinking , ` someday cg will be as real as real life . ' 
 my favorite scene was when the girl - '' `` if you start quoting , '' i said into the mattress , `` i will actually kill myself . '' 
 he laughed again . 
 his laugh was nice . 
 not mocking like wesley 's , but giddy , conspiratorial . 
 i glanced at him over my shoulder . 
 `` tell me everything about you . '' 
 his laughter faded , but the smile stayed . 
 he lay beside me , his fingertips tracing the curves of my back . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` thirty-two . '' 
 so i was n't far off . 
 he was fourteen when i was born . 
 maybe wesley was n't far off with his theory , either . 
 and so what ? 
 i 'd f ** ked guys older than thirty-two . 
 `` where did you go to college ? '' 
 `` northwestern . '' 
 i peered over my shoulder again . 
 `` you from upstate ? '' 
 `` just outside chicago . '' 
 `` snob . 
 everyone says they 're from ` just outside chicago , ' like towns do n't have names up there . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 they do n't . 
 very confusing for mail carriers . '' 
 he slid a finger under my bra strap and followed it up over my wing bone , cresting my shoulder . 
 `` why - '' i started . 
 `` my turn . '' 
 his finger moved slowly toward my breast . 
 `` why did you talk your way into my class ? '' 
 fate , i wanted to say . 
 kismet . 
 it was in the script . 
 `` i reserved it last year , actually . 
 they messed up the registration . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm going to film school . '' 
 his hand stopped . 
 he sat up a little . 
 `` really ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 i mean , i have my top choices , obviously , but i 'm trying to be realistic . 
 hopefully somewhere like usc , or ucla . 
 i 'm kind of torn whether to focus on indie or commercial film . 
 commercial is safer , i think , because i 'll get a broad view of how the whole process works . 
 but focusing on commercial shit can turn you into a philistine who just churns out garbage , so maybe i should focus on indie stuff . 
 on storytelling , and art . 
 but then maybe i 'll be really naive when it comes to actually doing the work . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 i was rambling . 
 i glanced back at him . 
 he had a slightly dazed look on his face . 
 `` you 're serious about this , '' he said . 
 i gave a half-shrug . 
 `` well , yeah . '' 
 `` what do you want to do ? 
 job-wise . '' 
 `` i 'll take what i can get . 
 i 'd love to be a pa , get a general sense of how it all fits together . 
 because someday , i 'm going to direct . '' 
 it was as if i 'd said something enchanting , romantic . 
 his eyes sparkled . 
 `` you 're a creator . '' 
 i thought about that . 
 it seemed too lofty for me . 
 all i did was watch a lot of movies and daydream . 
 but he 'd given me an opportunity , one i had n't even really acknowledged because i 'd been so obsessed with him : our semester project . 
 i could actually make something . 
 if it turned out halfway decent , maybe i could include it on my college app . 
 `` i do n't know what i am yet , '' i said . 
 an electric moment between us , balanced between honesty and fear . 
 because i was young . 
 maybe i had more drive than most kids my age , but i was still a `` kid my age . '' 
 and you know that , mr. wilke , i thought . 
 that 's part of what this is between us-the thrill of the taboo . 
 teacher and student . 
 `` if you 're going to film school , '' he said , `` there 's something i need to give you . '' 
 my heart skipped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` an education . '' 
 the first thing he taught me was how to make love . 
 before you laugh , know that i 'd always hated that phrase . 
 it sounded so corny , so old . 
 hippies made love . 
 people my mom 's age , though i preferred to believe i was an immaculate conception . 
 people my age hooked up , f ** ked , had sex . 
 we did n't attach frilly ideas of oneness and eternity to a basic biological act . 
 most of us were from single-parent homes . 
 those who were n't wished they were when their parents screamed and beat the shit out of each other . 
 we grew up sexualized , from toddler beauty pageants to the constant reminder that adults were waiting to lure us into vans with candy . 
 the invention of mms gave us a platform for the distribution of amateur porn . 
 that 's a lot of conditioning to break through . 
 the afternoon light got that long slant to it , slowly folding into dusk . 
 half a day had passed since i 'd eaten and i barely felt hungry . 
 i did n't want to stop this thing , lying on a motel bed with this beautiful man , our hot skin always in contact , never breaking apart . 
 he sat up and i sat in his lap , facing him , my legs wrapped around the long lean muscle of his back . 
 i rubbed my palm against the bristle on his cheek . 
 he wore a sleepy , smoldering look , his lower lip jutting out , and it completely worked on me . 
 if he 'd asked me to do anything right then , i would have . 
 i kissed that sulky lip . 
 i could n't tell the taste of his mouth from mine anymore . 
 only warmth , softness , pressure . 
 `` i want to see you , '' he said quietly . 
 `` all of you . '' 
 i breathed quicker . 
 disentangled myself from him , my eyes locked on his , and stood . 
 i felt like i was in a trance . 
 i 'd undressed for other men , and i was n't wearing much right now to begin with , but this felt different . 
 he was n't just going to see my body . 
 he was going to see me . 
 in the way i undressed , the way i stood there under his gaze , the way i wore my skin . 
 he moved to the edge of the bed . 
 i unhooked my bra , slipped it off one shoulder . 
 let it fall to the floor with cool disregard . 
 that was the easy part . 
 i was breathing hard now . 
 his eyes moved over me , but hovered mostly on my face . 
 that was almost worse . 
 who am i without this ? 
 i thought . 
 without the seduction i wear like armor , without my bravado and cocksure confidence ? 
 am i really just a little girl under it all ? 
 i tucked my thumbs into my underwear . 
 and i thought of myself getting into the front of that deathtrap rollercoaster all alone . 
 of swinging out from the water tower . 
 of getting into my teacher 's car . 
 i slipped my underwear down until it fell . 
 then i stepped out with one foot and kicked it away with the other . 
 i never broke eye contact . 
 evan 's lips parted in awe . 
 i 'd like to thank the academy . 
 `` now you , '' i said . 
 he stood smoothly . 
 his silhouette blocked the dregs of sun filtering through the curtain . 
 it limned the edges of him , a bronze arc of light on his shoulder , the tips of his hair turning white-blond . 
 his jeans clung tightly and he had to strip them off . 
 he was hard again , totally hard , his boxers doing nothing to hide it . 
 he slipped them off . 
 my eyes did n't know where to stop . 
 apparently my hands did n't either because they were all over him , following the cascading slabs of his ribs , his abs , the smooth chevron of muscle that led to the hard dick i took and wrapped in my fingers . 
 his hands came down on my shoulders , heavily . 
 his breath was heavy , too . 
 he leaned on me , eyes closed . 
 `` i want you like this , '' i said . 
 he looked at me as if he was drugged . 
 i pushed him onto the bed . 
 my knees fit to either side of his waist . 
 we sat face to face again , but without any clothes between us . 
 i was higher than him and he kissed my br ** sts , his dick stiff against my thigh . 
 the heat of it drove me crazy , my blood percolating , a viciousness winding up in me like a cobra preparing to strike . 
 if he did n't f ** k me , i was going to force him . 
 he looked up at me . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , my fingernails carving into his back . 
 i could have forced him . 
 i had the leverage . 
 but i wanted him to do it , and so i let him take his sweet , torturous time , teasing my n ** ples with his teeth , sliding the whole length of himself between my thighs , pushing lightly , agonizingly , right against the focal point of that horrible ache in me . 
 at first it was an insane test of willpower . 
 i hit my limit again and again , somehow always starting over , finding a new reserve of patience . 
 then i realized that he was going to test my patience until it stopped being patience . 
 until i stopped waiting to be f ** ked and just experienced this . 
 i made myself let go , made my muscles unravel . 
 draped my arms languidly around his neck . 
 looked at his face without thinking anything but how light it made my heart feel , as if pumped full of helium . 
 and when i started to zone out and he slipped inside of me , i made myself stay relaxed . 
 i let him penetrate me so gradually there was never a moment when it felt like he was finally f ** king me . 
 it all sort of blended together , fluidly , dreamily . 
 his arms circled my back , holding me against the soft rocking of his body . 
 this was different . 
 this was n't being f ** ked . 
 this was something happening to my entire self , not just the useful parts . 
 there was so little tension in me i did n't think i could come , until a warmth spreading from my h * ps and belly became hotter and hotter , and i looked up at the ceiling , gasping like i was surfacing for air , saying , `` come inside me , please , come inside me . '' 
 that was it . 
 no holding back . 
 the heat in me detonated in a gentle nuclear burst , annihilating all sensation with soft light . 
 it came on slowly and faded slowly , leaving me tingling , buzzed . 
 evan kept going a little longer , and then he slowed , and stopped , and held me . 
 he grimaced when he pulled out . 
 he was still hard . 
 `` you did n't , '' i said drowsily . 
 he kissed me . 
 i let it go on for a moment and then leaned back , clear-eyed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i wanted it to be just for you . '' 
 it was like he 'd spoken in greek . 
 i stared at him . 
 and something very strange happened in my brain . 
 i rolled away and sat on the edge of the bed , curling my arms around myself . 
 my hand clamped instinctively over my mouth . 
 the room was dark now , its shadows tinted the color of rust and old blood by the parking lot lights . 
 `` maise ? '' 
 the shadows swam in my eyes . 
 i squeezed them shut . 
 evan laid a hand on my back . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 he said in a frightened whisper . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i said , and sniffed . 
 perfect . 
 his hand stroked me tentatively . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i laughed at myself , bitter . 
 `` i 'm just a f ** king headcase . '' 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 he said again . 
 `` because no one 's ever done that before . '' 
 he swept my hair out of my face , tucking it behind my ear . 
 `` done what ? '' 
 i do n't think i was really crying about this . 
 i think it was a cumulative effect , all the tension and anxiety of the past few weeks culminating in this perfect day , this perfect happiness . 
 it was relief , not sadness . 
 but he 'd been the trigger , and i guess i owed him an answer . 
 `` done it for me , '' i said . 
 `` just for me . '' 
 his arms were around me then , drawing me to his chest . 
 he said something soothing , but it was merely sound . 
 all i really heard was the deep submarine thump of his heart . 
 when i finally stepped outside it felt like walking into a different world . 
 a million new roads stretched before me that i 'd never seen before . 
 we put our sunglasses back on in the car , grinning at each other . 
 he took his off when he almost hit a streetlight . 
 i laughed , and said maybe he should let me drive , and surprisingly , he did . 
 it felt both wrong and amazing to be driving my teacher 's car . 
 i stopped at a mcdonald 's and ordered fries and vanilla shakes , parking in an empty lot under the stars . 
 evan said he 'd make a special syllabus to prep me for film school . 
 `` private tutoring ? '' 
 i said , dipping a fry in my shake . 
 `` how scandalous . '' 
 he smiled , but after a moment his eyes went distant . 
 `` how is it going to be on thursday ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was hoping i 'd figure out some way to freeze time . '' 
 i gestured with my fry . 
 `` i 'll be discreet . 
 no one will know . 
 i wo n't risk your job . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` it 's not just about me . 
 in fact , it 's less about me than it is about you . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means i wo n't risk your future , or your happiness , or your sanity . '' 
 `` good thing i only have one of those . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` which one do you have ? '' 
 `` happiness , '' i said , and leaned over and kissed him . 
 vanilla and salt . 
 he looked at me a long time when i pulled away . 
 it was n't until later that i realized he 'd hoped i 'd say future . 
 that 's how you know someone loves you . 
 when they want you to be happy even in the part of your life they 'll never see . 
 but right then i was too stuck in the moment , in the visceral pleasure of it all . 
 `` let 's figure out our battle plan , comrade , '' i said . 
 i did n't get home till midnight , and getting out of that car was harder than it had ever been . 
 he made me hug the stuffed pony until it smelled like me again . 
 i sat there until i 'd finished every last fry . 
 i was ravenous , insatiable . 
 i 'd done nothing but f ** k him all day and wanted to do nothing else for the rest of this week . 
 month . 
 life . 
 when he drove away i took a picture of the receding tail lights , and after his car was gone i stood there holding the photo up to the street , pretending . 
 what is this feeling ? 
 i wondered . 
 what is this hunger that grows worse the more i feed it ? 
 they 'd come up with a name for it a long time ago . 
 but you already know what it 's called , do n't you ? 
 -4 - wesley had texted me about eight zillion times . 
 `` where were you yesterday ? '' 
 he said at lunch . 
 `` i texted you about eight zillion times . '' 
 i looked at him philosophically , brandishing a mozzarella stick . 
 `` where is anyone , really ? 
 in a quantum sense , i was everywhere and nowhere . '' 
 `` are you high ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` you 're obligated to share with me , you know . '' 
 `` i 'm high on life . 
 take all you want . 
 it 's free . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` you got laid . '' 
 i bit the tip of my cheese stick suggestively . 
 `` was it an old guy ? '' 
 `` what is age , really ? '' 
 i said , and wesley groaned . 
 before we went to our fifth period classes , i grabbed his arm . 
 `` i want to start working seriously on our movie . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` so i 'm coming to your house after school . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` so hide your socks and titty posters . '' 
 `` that 's a sexist stereotype , '' he said . 
 i raised my eyebrows at him . 
 `` okay , '' he sighed . 
 i saw mr. wilke completely by accident . 
 i did n't know he was here today-maybe they 'd called him in as a sub-and i was walking between classes on the first floor when we spotted each other in the hall . 
 we both stopped . 
 it was as if the lights dimmed on the river of bodies streaming around us , and we were the only two people left in full color . 
 fiery , radiant color , singeing the screen . 
 all noise and motion blurred away . 
 it felt like a camera circled us , capturing this movie-perfect moment . 
 i started forward again and so did he . 
 we passed each other slowly . 
 we did n't stop or speak . 
 but our arms brushed , and for half a second our fingers curled together , then slipped free , like a secret handshake . 
 leaves shook out of the trees and fluttered around me in gold and green flakes of summer . 
 i rode slowly so wesley could keep up , pushing my bike with my feet . 
 the soft clack of the spokes , the groggy drone of bees and locusts , the honey-thick sunlight drizzling over us-i was in love with the world today . 
 a big dumb smile climbed onto my face every time my mind drifted . 
 the air tasted like sherry , sweet and light , a pleasant sting on my tongue . 
 wesley gave me a weird look , but did n't deflate my good mood . 
 at his house , i leaned my bike in the rose bushes and leapt up the stairs to the porch . 
 there was a snap in my limbs like the lazy twang of a guitar , like when i 'm drunk . 
 their place was huge and all painted wood , white and tomato red , with a wraparound veranda . 
 as soon as i stepped foot inside i could tell what kind of mom he had : the kind who gave a shit . 
 braided rugs on polished oak floors . 
 couches more comfy-looking than chic . 
 family photos parading across the mantel , end tables , hallway shelves . 
 i imagined opening a closet and getting swept away in an avalanche of cheesy frames : seashells for beach pics , little baby blocks spelling out wesley and natalie . 
 `` who 's natalie ? '' 
 i said . 
 same dark , floppy hair as him , same deep-set eyes . 
 she looked coolly knowing , sly . 
 `` my sister . 
 she 's in college . '' 
 i had no idea he had a big sister . 
 `` stop looking at those . '' 
 `` hold on , i 've almost seen every year of your life . '' 
 he dragged me into the kitchen . 
 a pitcher of lemonade sat on the counter , sweating . 
 `` what , no fresh-baked cookies ? '' 
 i said . 
 a woman stood up in the garden and waved at us with a spade . 
 `` that is not your mother , '' i said . 
 she brushed herself off and came inside . 
 she was crazy tall , nearly six feet , and willowy , her skin pale as bone , her eyes a startling magnetic blue in a long , handsome face . 
 her nose was bold and hawkish , but it fit her . 
 she smiled at me like she knew everything about me and was proud . 
 she was beautiful . 
 `` you must be maise , '' she said in a low , mellifluous voice . 
 `` thank you for not filing a restraining order against my son . '' 
 `` mom , '' wesley said . 
 `` nice to meet you , mrs. brown , '' i said . 
 `` call me siobhan . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` are you irish ? '' 
 she sighed , good-natured . 
 `` before this one 's father ruined me , i was ms. callahan . '' 
 `` seriously , mom , '' wesley said . 
 `` my only consolation is embarrassing my children in front of their friends . 
 that 's why the oldest went to college on the other side of the country . '' 
 `` nat 's at uc berkeley , '' wesley said , `` learning how to make cyborgs . '' 
 `` biotechnology , '' siobhan said . 
 `` the terminator , '' wesley said . 
 `` it probably involves a certain amount of nak * d men , '' siobhan conceded . 
 i laughed , and sat at the counter , watching them , fascinated . 
 wesley poured us all lemonade . 
 `` mom , we 're gon na work on that film project . '' 
 `` what is your film about ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` what is our film about , monsieur auteur ? '' 
 wesley raised his hands defensively . 
 `` i 've just been shooting b-roll . 
 we have n't decided on a subject yet . '' 
 siobhan leaned against the counter beside me . 
 she smelled like warm soil and crushed flowers . 
 `` what sort of film is it ? '' 
 it was totally weird having a parent actually interested in my schoolwork . 
 even someone else 's parent . 
 `` docufiction , '' wesley and i said together . 
 `` it 's like cinema verite , '' i said , `` but with some narrative injected into it . '' 
 `` stories based on real events , '' he said . 
 `` inspired by , '' i corrected . 
 `` we 're blurring the line between fact and fiction . 
 it 'll probably focus on the trials and tribulations of being a high school senior . '' 
 `` or a teacher , '' he said . 
 not something we had talked about . 
 i glanced at him sharply . 
 `` i see , '' siobhan said . 
 `` but what is the story ? '' 
 `` it 's a slice of life , '' wesley said . 
 `` it 's a lot of short , interconnected stories , '' i explained . 
 `` vignettes . 
 we 're taking a scattershot approach . 
 there 's no grand design , just like there is n't in real life . '' 
 `` but surely there 's a theme , '' siobhan said . 
 wesley and i both opened our mouths , then looked at each other . 
 `` well , obviously , '' he said . 
 `` we just have n't decided on it yet , '' i added . 
 `` maybe it will emerge while you work , '' his mom suggested . 
 a memory leapt to the front of my mind , unbidden . 
 evan and i in the motel , in each other 's arms , moving together slowly , hypnotically . 
 jesus . 
 so inappropriate in this chaste family kitchen . 
 i blushed furiously , but i said , `` when you do n't force it , sometimes amazing things happen . '' 
 siobhan peered at me . 
 `` wise girl . '' 
 she brushed my cheek with a cool , dry finger . 
 `` lovely , too . '' 
 please adopt me , i thought . 
 `` mom , '' wesley said . 
 funny how that word was both censure and affection when he said it . 
 `` i assume you two will be working upstairs ? 
 i 'll trust you to keep it pg-13 . '' 
 wesley blushed . 
 i laughed . 
 siobhan smiled . 
 `` i love your mom , '' i said as i followed him upstairs . 
 `` that 's because you do n't know her yet . '' 
 i plucked that word out of the air and clutched it to my chest . 
 yet . 
 his room was enormous , but the ceiling slanted , making him crouch half the time . 
 pretty much what i expected : huge tv , xbox , movie posters . 
 instead of the usual boy funk there was a faint herbal scent , his cigarettes and some kind of incense , maybe patchouli . 
 he had a custom-built computer with two monitors and studio-grade speakers . 
 and about a dozen types of video camera , in various states of disassembly . 
 `` are your parents rich ? '' 
 i said , drifting to the windows . 
 `` oh my f ** king god . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you have a pool . '' 
 he shrugged uncomfortably . 
 `` wesley . 
 do you hate me ? '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` please rephrase in the form of a statement . 
 and if you do n't hate me , why did n't you tell me you have a pool ? '' 
 not once did it occur to me that it was because he could n't handle seeing me in a bikini . 
 `` it 's too late to use it anyway . '' 
 `` that 's defeatist talk , '' i said , but i grabbed a chair and sat beside him at the pc . 
 `` let 's see the b-roll . '' 
 he had a metric shit ton . 
 half from summer : oceans of wheat rippling in the wind , trains silhouetted against bloody sunsets , even the carnival , eerily deserted in the rain . 
 the rest was from the school year : a swarm of legs walking past , the fistfight we 'd seen . 
 and me . 
 i was in most of those shots . 
 staring out windows longingly or giving him my lunatic grin . 
 sitting in class listening to mr. wilke . 
 in every single one of them my yearning was crystal clear . 
 it burned in me like fever , made my skin glow palely , my eyes blaze , a beautiful madness . 
 i stared at myself , breathless . 
 i was n't hiding anything . 
 it was all there in plain sight . 
 `` is this how you see me ? '' 
 i said , almost whispering . 
 `` as an attention whore ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no way . '' 
 `` then why am i in all of these ? '' 
 `` because you 're the only interesting person here . '' 
 i glanced at him . 
 `` you ca n't do much with this except make a film about me . '' 
 he eyed me sideways , too . 
 `` is that a bad thing ? '' 
 `` that 's not me . 
 i 'm not some starlet . 
 i want to make something , wesley . 
 i do n't want to be objectified as some pretty face . '' 
 my words came out harsh and sibilant , like steam . 
 i had n't meant to sound so angry . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 that 's why we 're here . 
 to get some perspective . '' 
 he would n't look away from his keyboard , so i flicked his ear . 
 he gave me a dirty look . 
 `` clean slate , '' i said . 
 `` high school in the american heartland . 
 what darkness lurks inside this seemingly pastoral town ? '' 
 `` incest , '' he said . 
 `` cliche , '' i said . 
 `` but probably . '' 
 we brainstormed for a while , then decided to watch some stuff for inspiration . 
 unsurprisingly , wesley was a huge david lynch fan . 
 we watched bits of mulholland drive , skipping around to our favorite parts . 
 mine : betty arriving in la , full of big dreams about to be mercilessly crushed . 
 wesley 's : the lesbian sex scene . 
 i laughed and asked if he needed me to leave the room for a few minutes . 
 he threw a blu-ray case at me . 
 siobhan made baked mostaccioli , and we all ate together , showing her some of his better footage on his phone . 
 i 'd plugged mine into his computer to charge . 
 `` someone 's calling you , '' he said when we went back upstairs . 
 `` who ? '' '' 
 ` e. ' '' i grabbed my phone . 
 `` i need to take this . 
 outside . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` hi , dad , '' i said exaggeratedly when i answered . 
 `` just a sec . '' 
 i could practically hear evan 's eyebrows go up with a little comic book noise . 
 fwip . 
 i raced downstairs , flung open the patio door . 
 the pool lights were off , the water gleaming darkly in the oozing , sauvignon twilight . 
 `` hi , '' i said when i was alone . 
 `` sorry about that . '' '' 
 ` dad ? ' '' 
 `` thought you 'd appreciate the freudian irony . '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 his voice , slightly metallic , ran down through my bones and settled warmly in my chest , like bourbon . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about you . '' 
 you read things in romance novels like he made me melt , knowing this is physically impossible . 
 girls are not pats of butter . 
 yet my body was doing a damned fine imitation of i ca n't believe it 's not girl , dissolving against the side of the house . 
 `` so you called to torture me ? '' 
 `` i know it 's late , but i want to see you . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` do we have time for that ? '' 
 he laughed again , a little guiltily . 
 `` i actually just want to see you . 
 even if it 's only for a minute . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` yes what ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's late . 
 and yes i want to see you . '' 
 i pictured him smiling . 
 `` can you meet me ? '' 
 wesley was messing around online when i went back upstairs . 
 `` i 've got to run . 
 family shit . '' 
 i had to convince him to not walk me home . 
 i sang out a goodbye to siobhan , and for a moment i was reluctant to leave that bright , happy house . 
 but something even brighter was waiting for me . 
 i stopped at home to brush my teeth and change clothes , because i 'm not above vanity . 
 the lights were off , mom 's van gone . 
 i wished she 'd never come back . 
 that siobhan would pull into the driveway , saying , come with me to your new life , lovely girl . 
 when i biked out to the water tower he was already waiting . 
 i hopped off and let my bike ride on without me and ran to him . 
 he pulled me down to the grass to a blanket he 'd spread . 
 i ended up atop him , my hair in both our faces . 
 he held me , his arms coiling and relaxing , again and again , one hand buried in my hair at the base of my skull . 
 crickets made a creaking heartbeat around us . 
 cool aloe musk rose from the grass . 
 `` i 've been thinking about this all day , '' he whispered . 
 i brushed my cheek against his . 
 the earth sank beneath us , pressed by the weight of the whole universe above . 
 how could it set us up like this , every planet precisely aligned , if it did n't mean for us to collide ? 
 his heart crashed against mine , fierce and steady . 
 i pushed myself up on my palms . 
 `` you 've done something to me . '' 
 my voice was quiet , too , a ribbon of breath threading into the breeze that stirred my hair . 
 `` i feel like i 'm waking from a long dream , and everything is so much more beautiful than i remembered . '' 
 his eyes were pale and bright in the starlight . 
 the hand in my hair pulled me to him . 
 i kissed my teacher in the shadow of the water tower , beneath the stars . 
 i 've been pretty honest so far , have n't i ? 
 so i 'll admit : it was n't innocent , blind love . 
 his age drew me to him in the first place ; now it was being my teacher that gave me a wild , terrified thrill every time we touched , infusing me with adrenaline , making my skin prickle . 
 the danger was an electrode buried in my brain , lighting up my most primal fear and pleasure circuits . 
 there was more to it , of course . 
 something was unfolding in me that had never opened before . 
 but i was n't kidding myself . 
 the forbiddenness was part of it . 
 i rolled onto my back and stared up at the sky . 
 we propped our knees side by side . 
 a tiny cut of light opened in the star-freckled face of the night , a shooting star . 
 i raised my hand and closed a fist over it . 
 when i opened my fingers , it was gone . 
 part of me now . 
 you 're a creator . 
 wesley had seen the person he thought i was , some obsessive , narcissistic teenager . 
 evan saw both who i was and who i wanted to be . 
 `` why did you become a teacher ? '' 
 i said . 
 he sat up , leaning on an elbow . 
 `` there are two types of teachers . 
 the first kind always wanted to be teachers . 
 they train for it . 
 they 're passionate , caring , good people . '' 
 i could hear the smile in his voice , bittersweet . 
 `` the second kind wanted to be something else , but could n't . 
 crowded field , not good enough , not driven enough . 
 whatever . 
 but they have a lot of specialized knowledge , so instead of letting it rot , they become teachers . '' 
 `` which kind are you ? '' 
 `` the third kind . '' 
 `` as in close encounters of ? '' 
 he pinched my upper arm . 
 `` the kind who does n't know how he got here or where he 's going . 
 i was on my way somewhere else , but a detour came up . '' 
 `` where were you going originally ? '' 
 `` promise not to laugh ? '' 
 i sat up too , intrigued . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` you ca n't promise ` maybe . ' '' 
 `` cross my heart , hope to die . '' 
 `` i was going to be an actor . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 i could see it . 
 that f ** king gorgeous face . 
 the way it filled with light , looking more alive , more feeling , more human than anyone else . 
 `` is that pleasant surprise , or ` do n't quit your day job ? ' '' 
 he said . 
 i turned it into a grin . 
 evan laughed , eyes downcast , actually shy . 
 or maybe acting shy . 
 i looked at him as if seeing him for the first time . 
 the lips that had been sculpted so delicately they stood out more than his other features , the eyelashes like gold dandelion seeds . 
 i pulled out my phone . 
 `` tell me the story , '' i said . 
 `` while you film me ? '' 
 `` can i ? 
 this can be your audition . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i could n't resist . 
 `` the role of my corrupt teacher . 
 of the third kind . '' 
 he gave me an electric look . 
 even through the cheap phone camera it made my nerves tingle , lightning lacing up my arms . 
 our gazes met above the screen . 
 `` i thought i already had the part . '' 
 `` not until i get you on the casting couch . '' 
 his eyes crinkled , his face folding into embarrassed laughter . 
 `` you 're a predator . 
 i 'm pretty sure you 're the one corrupting me . '' 
 i sat behind my phone , relishing this . 
 my power over him . 
 the strange dynamic of me as the observer , him the observed . 
 `` why do n't you put that away ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` so you can corrupt me . '' 
 i put it away . 
 `` you owe me that story , '' i said . 
 he tilted my face . 
 kissed me lightly on the mouth , then along my jaw , following it to my ear . 
 my eyes half-shut , drifting to the carnival lights in the distance . 
 the hot breath in my ear was unbearable , a chemical pulse straight to my spine . 
 something rumbled out on the road . 
 we stiffened , listening . 
 a car going past . 
 `` kids come out here , '' i whispered , thinking of wesley . 
 evan took my hands and pulled me to my feet . 
 scooped up the blanket . 
 i walked my bike toward his car on the road shoulder . 
 `` i ca n't last until thursday , '' i said . 
 `` i need to see you . '' 
 he gave me that regretful wince , but it had become much less regretful lately , more longing . 
 `` rent another room , '' i said . 
 `` at a different motel . 
 i 'll pay for it . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . '' 
 `` i want to . 
 this is as much mine as it is yours . '' 
 we stared at each other over my bike . 
 far down the road , two red snake eyes winked in the darkness . 
 `` okay . '' 
 his voice was a little strange . 
 `` when should i pick you up ? '' 
 `` as soon as the last bell rings . '' 
 he reached over and lifted my face and kissed me , so intensely i let the bike fall against him . 
 this was an old-time , black-and-white movie kiss , with the orchestra swelling in my chest , hot tungsten lamps carving out our shadows . 
 my bones turned to air , nothing holding me up but the fierceness of my desire . 
 god , i just wanted to get into that car with him . 
 forget this whole f ** ked-up life and disappear somewhere together . 
 i had to push him away , fight for my breath . 
 too much . 
 i gave him an agonized look . 
 when he spoke , his voice was guttural . 
 `` i ca n't hold on to you . 
 you 're like that shooting star . 
 just a trail of fire in my hands . '' 
 and the oscar goes to evan wilke , for putting the first fine , hairline crack in the ruby of my heart . 
 before nan died , she set aside a small nest egg for me . 
 $ 6,000 sitting in a trust fund , waiting for me to turn eighteen . 
 for your future , she said , with a guilty tone that was clearly also an apology : sorry you were born to my daughter . 
 i made a promise to myself that i 'd use it for college . 
 i ditched wesley at lunch and got an off-campus pass and biked downtown to the bank . 
 i was n't going to pay the atm fee at school , and i did n't want anyone-especially wesley-seeing me take out money . 
 key skill while having an affair with your teacher : discretion . 
 the bright-eyed , bushy-tailed teller made squirrel noises at me . 
 `` i need to make a withdrawal . '' 
 squeak , squeak . 
 i slid my bank card through the reader . 
 squeak . 
 i pushed my id under the window . 
 `` oh , you 're maise , '' the squirrel said . 
 `` right . 
 who else would i be ? '' 
 puffy-cheeked smile . 
 `` well , it 's a joint account . '' 
 `` with who ? '' 
 `` yvette ? '' 
 mom . 
 i waited as the squirrel counted ten twenties with her twitchy little paws , then said , `` can you take yvette off the account ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , no . 
 it was opened for a minor . 
 but you could start a new account . '' 
 i had all of ten minutes to get back to school . 
 `` maybe some other time . '' 
 squeak squeak . 
 as i walked out , tucking the wad of bills into my pocket , i suddenly felt my grandmother watching me withdraw my college money so i could shack up with my teacher . 
 jesus , when was the last time i 'd actually felt ashamed of myself ? 
 i made two promises as i unlocked my bike . 
 one : i will replace this money before i go to college . 
 every cent . 
 two : i will pay my own way with evan , no matter what . 
 i 'm not a child . 
 i 'm an adult , in an unusual but no less adult relationship . 
 key skill : denial . 
 fast forward . 
 wesley flicking my ear in the hall and tossing me an apple . 
 me and britt getting kicked out of the library for laughing too loudly at a boy giving us googly eyes . 
 evan in his aviators , picking me up at the ghost town gas station . 
 me in the motel office in borrowed sunglasses , renting a room . 
 and then just us . 
 press play . 
 urgency and need , my skin hot as tinfoil straight out of the oven , fingernails clawing his back . 
 him taking out a condom and me saying i 'm on the pill and him saying , `` i do n't want you to worry , ever , '' and i agree because i just want to be f ** ked . 
 and i am . 
 and then i can think again , a starving girl given her first meal in weeks . 
 fast forward . 
 trading life stories in our underwear on a motel bed . 
 burgers and fries spread across the blanket and his laptop playing 2001 : a space odyssey . 
 evan doing the ending monologue from american beauty and making me shiver . 
 photos of us i take in the bathroom mirror : laughing at the camera , then his head turned to me , then mine to him . 
 faster . 
 school days ending in motel rooms . 
 broken ac , humidity making the air cling like clear jelly . 
 a thunderstorm releasing us from misery , and me running barefoot into the parking lot , screaming with crazed abandon . 
 evan taking my wet clothes off in the sudden chill of the room and getting into a warm shower with me . 
 my hands unable to find purchase on his slick skin as he holds me against the wall and f ** ks me with his finger , the tiles printing a graph onto my back . 
 wesley saying his mom invited me over to sunday dinner , even though i know it 's him . 
 siobhan hugging me before i leave , and me stopping on a dark street to cry and smell her on my shirt . 
 hiyam formally inviting us to her homecoming party . 
 mr. wilke and i talking to each other in class as if we 're just teacher and student , though our jokes are a little too familiar , our glances a little too intense . 
 making out with him in his dark classroom during fourth period while kids walk past the locked door . 
 wesley asking why i smell like men 's cologne . 
 me listening to stupid sappy love songs nonstop , getting addicted to the yeah yeah yeahs ' `` wedding song . '' 
 another bank withdrawal , and me and wesley applying for jobs together online . 
 mom mercifully leaving me the f ** k alone . 
 finally , homecoming . 
 siobhan said we 'd regret missing the dance . 
 `` it 's just a bunch of idiots trying to conceive illegitimate children , '' i said . 
 `` we 're not missing anything , '' wesley agreed . 
 `` blood , fire , heads exploding . 
 we can just watch carrie . '' 
 which we did . 
 besides , i thought , who would we go with ? 
 insane fantasy of me and evan showing up together , blowing everyone 's mind . 
 at nine , siobhan drove us to hiyam 's house . 
 `` watch each other 's drinks , '' she said . 
 `` do n't take any mysterious pills . 
 call me if you need anything . '' 
 her eyebrows rose with droll disdain . 
 `` and tell this child 's parents they 're trying too hard . '' 
 hiyam 's house could 've been airlifted from beverly hills . 
 there was nothing like it within a hundred miles . 
 it sat on half a dozen acres , surrounded by a wrought-iron fence . 
 inside was a brochure spread of flagstone paths , landscaped shrubs , illuminated accent pools . 
 it took fifteen seconds of walking before we even saw the house , a pile of geometric debris . 
 `` it looks like a parallelogram f ** king an isosceles triangle , '' i said . 
 wesley snorted . 
 light bled from every window , clear chardonnay yellow . 
 silhouettes swam across it . 
 the music was a murky underwater pulse that grew clearer as we approached . 
 kids sprawled in the garden , laughing drunkenly , lurking in shadows in various states of undress . 
 despite myself , i felt a flare of excitement . 
 it seemed all two hundred-odd members of our graduating class were here tonight . 
 i poked wesley in the ribs . 
 `` have your camera ready . '' 
 `` always do . '' 
 we walked through open french doors into the house . 
 half the kids were still in formal wear , the rest in street clothes , like us-wesley in a graphic tee and skater cargos , me in a babydoll top and skinny jeans . 
 the deejay had some hot 100 shit on at skullfuck volume . 
 i could n't see much through all the skin and rayon and sweat , just flashes of onyx granite and oxblood leather , a cut-crystal punch bowl , platters of canapes . 
 every room flowed airily into another and people followed the circuit , moving , mingling . 
 they were all sleepy smiles , shiny eyes , duckfaced girls making out with boys who had less hair on their face than i 'd shaved off my legs , everyone drunk and dumb and happy . 
 we hit the drink table hard . 
 a guy had smuggled in some grey goose and i slipped him a twenty and wesley and i matched each other shot for shot , one two three four until he stepped back , looking dizzy . 
 `` lightweight , '' i laughed . 
 `` you 're trying to take advantage of me , '' he said dubiously . 
 the room with the soundsystem was full of blacklights . 
 when i glanced at wesley he grinned , showing me moon eyes and a mouth full of glowing teeth . 
 i closed my eyes and grinned back . 
 `` creepy , '' he yelled in my ear . 
 the crowd split us for a moment , skeleton kids dancing with their arms in the air . 
 the deejay spun some lame ke $ ha , but it was infectious . 
 i slipped into the rhythm , let my body ride the music , vodka flooding my veins with sugar and fire . 
 wesley tried to sneak away and i caught him . 
 `` i ca n't dance , '' he said . 
 `` neither can they . '' 
 i took his hand . 
 `` just let yourself go . '' 
 he was such a giant , it was hopeless . 
 so i stayed close to him , and he faced me , and it worked . 
 we were in our own little zone , surrounded by perfume and alcohol breath and damp young skin . 
 a girl blew glitter in my face and instead of slugging her , i just laughed . 
 `` this is so weird , '' wesley said when the song faded to the next . 
 `` i know , '' i said . 
 `` i feel like an actual kid . '' 
 i grabbed his hand again and pulled him to the next room . 
 hiyam was there , surrounded by her royal court of mean girls . 
 she smiled and beckoned us over . 
 her subjects scattered like roaches when we neared . 
 `` having fun ? '' 
 she said to me . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 are we having fun , wesley ? '' 
 wesley stared at something across the room . 
 hiyam 's feline eyes flicked to him , then to our clasped hands . 
 i let go of him , suddenly self-conscious . 
 `` oh , '' hiyam said . 
 jesus , awkward . 
 `` i 'll catch you later , '' wesley muttered , slinking away . 
 i stood there feeling like an idiot . 
 there 's nothing between us , i imagined saying . 
 he 's kind of got this big sister crush on me and i 'm kind of sleeping with our teacher . 
 also , i 'm kind of drunk . 
 hiyam was seventeen but looked mid-twenties : lipstick , heels , cream-colored cocktail dress . 
 she had a sphinx 's face , stony and enigmatic . 
 her skin was amazing . 
 burnished bronze . 
 i was n't sure of her ethnicity-turkish ? 
 persian ? 
 - but i felt utterly childish in her presence . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you anyway , '' she said . 
 `` let 's walk . '' 
 we drifted through the party , stopping occasionally for someone to talk to hiyam . 
 she listened with a half-smile , her eyes half-lidded . 
 regal boredom . 
 no one seemed to realize it but me . 
 `` ever feel like you do n't belong with these people ? '' 
 hiyam said . 
 `` every day of my life . '' 
 she smiled knowingly . 
 we ended up outside , on a terrace overlooking a pool . 
 this pool was usable , not decorative , and a guy and girl were currently using it to make out madly in the shallows . 
 the house pumped music into the night . 
 hiyam produced a pack of cigarettes from somewhere mysterious and offered me one . 
 i shook my head . 
 she leaned on the granite railing . 
 `` mr. wilke , '' she said , exhaling a serpentine coil of smoke . 
 alarm bells . 
 i leaned on the railing too , so i could devote less of my brain to keeping my balance . 
 hiyam glanced at me coyly . 
 `` you have a crush on him . '' 
 `` so do you . '' 
 `` he 's super hot . '' 
 i had no idea how i was supposed to react . 
 should i agree ? 
 was it suspicious if i did n't ? 
 `` yeah , he is . '' 
 `` i 'd f ** k the shit out of him . '' 
 oh my god . 
 how do i get out of here ? 
 `` not interested , '' i said . 
 `` i 've got a boyfriend . '' 
 hiyam 's eyebrows rose . 
 then she smiled . 
 `` in college ? '' 
 `` older . '' 
 her intrigue became genuine appreciation . 
 `` what did you want to talk about ? '' 
 i said . 
 she rolled her wrist , scrawling a spiral of smoke in the air . 
 `` i heard you can hook people up . '' 
 i was too drunk and unsettled to realize what she meant . 
 `` i 'm looking for some coke , '' she said bluntly . 
 oh . 
 i opened my mouth , and then it hit me . 
 the reason hiyam invited us-me-to this stupid party . 
 because of my druggie mother . 
 because i could be a supplier . 
 not because we had one f ** king iota in common , not even how we felt about our hot teacher . 
 my fingernails scraped against granite . 
 `` i do n't deal , '' i said . 
 hiyam was accustomed to a certain degree of obedience . 
 she did n't wheedle me . 
 she looked at me icily , took a drag , and said , `` let me know if you change your mind . 
 i can connect you with a lot of interested parties . '' 
 she walked away , trailing smoke . 
 my nails perched on the stone like bird claws . 
 i thought i 'd been reinventing myself , choosing who i wanted to be , but i was so naive . 
 i 'd always be my mother 's daughter . 
 i went back in , looking for wesley . 
 the dancing crowd no longer seemed charming . 
 they were just a bunch of stupid drunk kids who did n't know shit about the real world . 
 who wanted to buy coke with their rich parents ' money while my mom gave blowjobs in her van to supplement our income . 
 i finally found wesley outside , smoking one of his clove cigarettes on a bench beside a pool . 
 a bare bulb shivered beneath the water , marbling his face with cyan light . 
 `` these people suck , '' i said . 
 he glanced at me , then off into the shadows . 
 i sat . 
 `` what 's your problem ? '' 
 `` what 's yours ? '' 
 `` hiyam thinks i 'm a drug dealer . 
 that 's the only reason she invited us . '' 
 he turned halfway back to me . 
 `` seriously ? 
 what a bitch . '' 
 `` i do n't know what i expected . 
 we do n't fit in with anyone , anyway . '' 
 i leaned back on my palms , looking at the milky way spilling in modest grandeur across the sky . 
 a fountain of stars frothing over , surrounded by a mist of stardust . 
 it looked like raw magic , like the glimmer i 'd spy in a shadowy corner where the sun skimmed off invisible particles , reminding me there was a whole hidden world tucked inside this ordinary one . 
 and it was up there every night , offering its mute beauty while we sat here with our heads down , tragically terrestrial . 
 not until i 'd met evan had i begun to open my eyes and really see this universe i was part of . 
 `` you ever think the reason we 're into filmmaking is because we 're scared to be in front of the camera ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` no shit , captain obvious . '' 
 i smiled . 
 the notes of an acoustic guitar floated into the night , the beginning of `` wake me up when september ends . '' 
 we both laughed . 
 `` how wonderfully cliche , '' i said . 
 `` and the camera flies in for their close-up , '' he said . 
 i was still smiling at him , but his had fallen . 
 i was so f ** king naive . 
 `` close-up for what ? '' 
 wesley kissed me . 
 your body sometimes automatically reacts to things , especially when that thing has been building up for a long time , especially when you 're drunk and feeling like the only person who understands you at that moment is the person who was right beside you the whole time . 
 so i kissed him back . 
 i was stunned , and responding on reflex , and very , very slightly curious . 
 our kiss was gentle , sweet , almost pure . 
 a boy and a girl kissing . 
 i tasted bitter smoke on his lips and the clean metallic vodka we 'd drunk . 
 then my eyes opened , and reality came rushing back . 
 i pushed him away . 
 girl : shocked , bewildered . 
 boy : hopeful , anxious . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , breathing fast . 
 `` i 've wanted-i thought - '' neither of us were really looking at each other . 
 `` oh , god . 
 wesley-i 'm with someone . '' 
 `` who ? 
 that guy you 're sneaking around with ? '' 
 now our eyes met . 
 `` you would n't understand , '' i said . 
 he laughed , not nicely . 
 `` i would n't , huh ? 
 you act like you 're so mature , but you 're doing something you have to hide from everyone . 
 maybe i 'm not as mature as you , but i know that 's f ** ked up . '' 
 i felt cold inside . 
 `` do n't judge me . 
 you have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 i stood and took a few aimless steps away , needing space . 
 he followed . 
 `` you know i 'm your friend , right ? 
 why do n't you trust me ? '' 
 i whirled around . 
 `` because of this . 
 because i had no f ** king idea you were going to kiss me . '' 
 `` you kissed me back . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 this is way too high school for me . '' 
 `` god , you 're stuck up . '' 
 `` fuck you , '' i said . 
 `` no , f ** k you , maise . 
 why are you hiding all this shit from me and then acting like you 're my friend ? '' 
 `` i am your friend , you idiot . '' 
 at some point we 'd progressed to yelling . 
 my voice rang across the night . 
 shadows stirred , faces turning . 
 wesley was close , looming over me . 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` then who the hell is he ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` why are you so ashamed of him ? 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` none of your f ** king business , '' i spat . 
 wesley laughed again . 
 `` you know , i should 've listened the first time we met . 
 you really meant it . 
 you do n't want friends . '' 
 he stalked off into the dark . 
 there 's only one thing to do when your sole friend abandons you at a party full of people you hate . 
 get shitfaced . 
 i found the grey goose guy and gave him another twenty for the rest of a bottle , grabbed a cup of punch for a chaser , sat in the manicured grass beside a pool , and started drinking with steely determination . 
 fucking wesley . 
 ruining a good thing . 
 idiot boys , never content with friendship . 
 fucking cokehead hiyam . 
 it occurred to me after five or seven shots that i no longer had a ride home . 
 i could n't call siobhan , even though she 'd probably sympathize . 
 i took out my phone and instead of calling a cab , i looked at photos . 
 evan had taken one of me running into the rain . 
 dark doorframe , bright silver rectangle of water coming down like tinsel , a girl i barely recognized throwing her arms wide to the sky . 
 he answered on the second ring . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i lay back in the grass , my limbs all loose string . 
 `` i 'm really drunk . 
 i 'm sorry for calling . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` beverly hills . '' 
 i pictured him frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my ride left . 
 i 'm stranded in paradise . '' 
 i was very drunk . 
 i knew this in a detached , clinical way , as if observing my body from behind glass . 
 `` everyone hates me , evan . 
 hiyam just wants drugs , wesley wants to f ** k me . 
 my mom wants-she wants me to not exist . 
 i ca n't give them anything they want . '' 
 his voice came through the phone like a warm breath on the side of my face . 
 `` listen to me . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 'll come get you . 
 tell me where you are . '' 
 by the time he got there i 'd had three more shots and was temporarily happy again . 
 i stood up and then immediately sat down , not prepared for gravity . 
 `` when did everything get so heavy ? '' 
 i said , but with fewer consonants than it needed to be intelligible . 
 evan looked at the empty bottle with alarm . 
 `` did you drink all of that yourself ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i think . '' 
 he started to lift me beneath the arms and a shadow wandered toward us from the bright blur of the house . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 a small voice said . 
 it was britt , from my history class . 
 i had n't even talked to her the whole night . 
 i really was a stuck-up bitch . 
 `` i think so , '' evan said . 
 `` i 'll take her home . '' 
 once i was standing , i felt a million times worse . 
 i leaned into him , arms around his waist for balance . 
 the ground kept wanting to flip up and tumble me into the sky . 
 `` mr. wilke , '' britt said . 
 she handed him my phone . 
 he thanked her and said good night . 
 `` shit , '' i said as he walked me toward the gate . 
 `` she knows . 
 they 're all gon na know . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` it 's not okay . 
 they 'll take your job , they 'll take my - '' i could n't think of what they 'd take from me . 
 unknown privileges , vanishing in an instant . 
 `` it 's okay , maise . 
 if they know , they know . 
 we 'll deal with it . 
 i 'm going to make sure you get home safe . '' 
 `` this is how it ends , '' i said mournfully . 
 `` i blew it . 
 i 'm a f ** king idiot . '' 
 `` you 're not a f ** king idiot , '' he said , squeezing my shoulders . 
 `` but you should probably stop talking about it . '' 
 i made it to his car in a sort of dream sequence , moments not fully connected to each other . 
 images jumbled in a flotsam in my head : my fevered forehead on the blessedly cool window ; trying to tell him my address unsuccessfully until he found it in my phone . 
 that detached part of me watched with loathing . 
 child , it said . 
 if you were trying to prove how unready you are for this , congrats . 
 you nailed it . 
 somehow i communicated the existence of the spare key taped beneath the mailbox . 
 then i was on my couch in a living room that smelled like cigarettes and unsavory men . 
 the hallway light slanted across evan 's face , an amber stripe showing stubble and soft lips . 
 he smoothed my hair . 
 `` you are really drunk , '' he said , almost wonderingly . 
 `` wesley kissed me . '' 
 his hand slowed . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` he 's in love with me . 
 i did n't know . 
 it 's horrible . '' 
 evan smiled . 
 `` i can see why . '' 
 i had enough wits to know he was making fun . 
 `` you - '' i cut off , sitting up . 
 a comet that had been accelerating inside my belly decided it was ready to crash into earth . 
 i clapped a hand to my mouth . 
 we made it to the bathroom just in time for the show . 
 things i never expected to do my senior year : kiss my best friend , f ** k my teacher , let said teacher hold my hair while i puked my guts out . 
 thankfully , i was so drunk by then i barely knew what was happening . 
 cold linoleum , colder ceramic . 
 mouthwash , swirl and spit . 
 evan made me sip water that i promptly threw back up and he made me keep sipping until it stayed down . 
 i felt a thousand years old , a set of bones wired together with rags and ancient sinew . 
 he carried me back to the couch . 
 `` where 's your mom ? '' 
 `` who f ** king cares . '' 
 `` i do n't want to freak her out . '' 
 my eyes kept trying to drift shut . 
 he was a fuzzy shadow against the warm hall light . 
 `` are you staying ? '' 
 `` until i 'm sure you do n't have alcohol poisoning . '' 
 my eyes closed . 
 `` this is n't how ... '' i trailed off . 
 he stroked my hair again . 
 `` sleep . '' 
 for a while , i did . 
 woke with my chest burning , the house dark . 
 evan sat on the end of the couch with my legs in his lap . 
 i thought he was asleep but when i shifted , he looked at me . 
 i was still pretty drunk . 
 `` i kissed wesley back , '' i whispered . 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i caught the edge of a smile in the dark . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` it felt wrong . 
 i 'm not in love with him . '' 
 i could n't make out evan 's face , but i heard his breath . 
 his hand curled around mine , lifted it , brought it to his mouth . 
 `` i 'm - '' `` shhh , '' he said . 
 `` you 're drunk . '' 
 `` not that drunk , '' i said , but my eyes had already closed , my brain slowly erasing itself into unconsciousness . 
 later that night i woke again , and the hallway light was back on . 
 a shadow stood in it . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 it said in my mother 's voice . 
 `` i 'm her friend . 
 my name is evan . '' 
 `` she okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 she is . '' 
 the shadow watched us for a moment longer . 
 then the light turned out . 
 i woke alone on the couch under a slab of late september sun . 
 my head was a fireball , my body mummified . 
 it took a while before i could think about anything except how much i wanted to die . 
 then : panic . 
 what the hell had i said last night ? 
 i knew what i 'd been trying to say while evan hovered over me like a guardian angel , but had i actually said it ? 
 i sat up , and the world took a good five seconds to recalibrate to our new viewing angle . 
 i groaned . 
 on the coffee table before me , a folded piece of paper with my name on it . 
 inside , his handwriting , flowing and elegant , the letters not quite closed . 
 i have n't been fair to you , and i did n't realize how much stress i 've been putting you under . 
 maybe i did n't want to realize it . 
 you deserve better than this . 
 you deserve better than being harriet the f ** king spy . 
 sorry if this sounds dramatic-this is n't a breakup letter . 
 jesus , i thought , my heart pounding , maybe you should 've started with that . 
 this is me saying i 'm going to do better . 
 i want you to be happy , maise . 
 you mean more to me than you know . 
 seeing you miserable and drunk breaks my heart . 
 i want to make you as happy as you were that first night when we got off that crazy death ride together . 
 i want you to be that free again . 
 the paper trembled in my hands . 
 i have an old friend who owns some property in st. louis . 
 he might be willing to sublet us a loft for the weekends . 
 if you 're feeling better sunday , i 'd love to take you to the city . 
 my heart was going like mad again , but this time with joy . 
 you 've done something to me , too . 
 i ca n't get enough of you . 
 you 're in my blood like holy wine . 
 and before you think that 's cheesy , that 's joni mitchell . 
 google her , young padawan . 
 i laughed and cringed at the same time . 
 okay , i should probably go . 
 i do n't want to stop , though . 
 i ca n't stop with you . 
 come with me to st. louis . 
 let 's find happiness . 
 i read it three times before i folded it up and stuck it in my bra . 
 not quite inside my heart , but that was okay . 
 the words were already engraved there . 
 -5 - my bare feet propped on the dashboard , sun blazing in my heart-shaped glasses -lrb- i bought a pair before we left -rrb- , singing along at the top of my lungs to modest mouse 's `` float on '' as we drove up i-55 : this was going to be an awesome day . 
 things i learned about my teacher : he had pretty good taste in music , despite being born in 1980 . 
 he could cook and had been dying to cook for me . 
 he was terrified of geese . 
 -lrb- `` bad experience in a petting zoo . '' 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` twenty-six . '' 
 i laughed . -rrb- 
 he 'd never been married , but was briefly engaged . 
 -lrb- `` college mistake . 
 she cheated on me with her psych professor . '' 
 awkward smile . 
 subject change . -rrb- 
 he cried every time he watched casablanca . 
 -lrb- `` we 'll watch it sometime . '' 
 he 'd said that already . 
 i think it made him nervous . -rrb- 
 hot asphalt cut through woods so green they looked unreal . 
 at the end of summer everything swelled with life , almost grotesque , bloated and overripe . 
 the sky was so full and pregnant you could punch a hole in it and douse the world with blue paint . 
 i 'd been to st. louis as a kid for a cards game , but had only a vague memory of a giant pretzel i held with both hands and mom letting me sip her beer , my nose wrinkling . 
 i watched for the arch like a hawk , occasionally sitting up at a silvery glint in the distance . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 i said . 
 evan just smiled . 
 we followed i-55 up the mississippi , through lazy suburbs rolling into city blocks . 
 finally the arch appeared , like magic : a huge silver ribbon arcing over the skyline , stropped with white licks of sunlight . 
 it looked like a handle on the world , as if god could reach down and pick us up and fling us into deep space . 
 then we were in the city proper . 
 st. louis was a knot of rivers tied into a loose horseshoe heart . 
 sun baked the streets , everything glazed with light and soaking with color . 
 skyscrapers scaled in mirrored glass tinted sky blue . 
 old red brick factories . 
 a boulevard with an artery of thick lush green running down the middle . 
 people everywhere , wearing shades and drowsy smiles . 
 i could n't peel my face off the window . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 evan said . 
 we found a restaurant with a patio . 
 he took my hand when we got out of the car and i froze , instinct kicking in . 
 `` no one knows us here , '' he said . 
 i relaxed , but a tiny live wire still vibrated somewhere in me . 
 we ordered scallops and a bottle of white wine and i had the most adult meal of my life . 
 i savored the sweet buttery meat , the dry clarity of the wine . 
 evan fed me scallops by hand , his fingertips brushing my lips , my teeth lightly scraping his skin , goosebumps racing up the backs of my arms and legs , and then he leaned over and kissed me in front of everyone . 
 my heart did n't know where to settle in my chest . 
 it still felt like we held a secret , but at the same time i was beginning to accept this openness . 
 i ran a hand over his thigh under the wrought-iron table and his muscle tensed . 
 his eyes , usually so changeable , burned gas flame blue . 
 after lunch we walked around downtown , evan 's arm casually circling my waist . 
 another first in my adult life : window-shopping with my boyfriend . 
 was he my boyfriend ? 
 secret lover ? 
 person abusing his position of authority or trust ? 
 `` you 'd look amazing in that , '' he said , eyeing a diaphanous sundress , sheer and breezy . 
 a few stores down , i said , `` you 'd look amazing in that , '' nodding at a store clerk stripping a mannequin . 
 evan gave me that sly smile that i felt as a warmth deep in my belly . 
 i glanced at our reflection in the plate glass as we walked on . 
 if only you could see this , wesley , i thought . 
 i 'm not ashamed at all . 
 we stopped to listen to a guy busking with an acoustic guitar and a voice like liquid velvet . 
 his skin shone russet-brown in the sun . 
 he sang without seeming to care whether anyone listened , his eyes half-closed , his smile private and inward . 
 i felt like a voyeur watching , but could n't look away . 
 that 's how i wanted to be . 
 creating something beautiful without caring who noticed . 
 doing it for myself , for sheer joy . 
 when the guy started singing the yeah yeah yeahs ' `` maps '' i nearly lost it . 
 i pulled out a bill without looking at it and dropped it into his guitar case . 
 his smile flickered at me for a moment , then receded back into itself . 
 i walked away , trying to swallow the tightness in my throat . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 evan said when he caught up . 
 i shook my head . 
 how do you explain that everything is too beautiful for words ? 
 if wesley had been here , he would 've filmed the moment , captured it . 
 raising the camera was his first impulse ; mine was to feel , to let the world crash against my skin . 
 what if i was wrong about what i wanted to do with my life ? 
 what if i really just wanted to live , and had n't truly come alive until i met evan ? 
 i stood in the middle of downtown st. louis , staring at sun-beaten concrete . 
 `` maise . '' 
 i raised my face . 
 he did n't say anything else . 
 we stood there as people streamed around us , like we had in the hallway at school . 
 my brain simmered with wine and summer heat . 
 i felt lost . 
 evan did something he could n't have done back home . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , pressing my face against his . 
 when we returned to the car i felt lighter , unburdened . 
 we drove up to the tivoli theatre , an old-time movie house with a huge neon sign and a legit marquee . 
 stepping inside took us straight back to the golden age : velvet ropes and red carpet , classic hollywood posters . 
 the auditorium looked like a ball room with chandeliers dripping from vaulted ceilings , rows of plush seats , even a curtain over the screen . 
 i stared at everything , starry-eyed . 
 evan watched me . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i said . 
 he smiled . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 remember the rollercoaster ? 
 i zoned out during the film , which was a lot of vague , dreamy dialogue anyway . 
 i was thinking about how far i 'd come in five weeks , and how far i would go until i reached an ending of some kind , and evan 's hand , warm and solid , holding mine . 
 i was quiet in the car on the way to meet the friend . 
 `` he 's sort of a douche , '' evan said apologetically . 
 `` you wo n't miss anything . '' 
 because they were going to meet in a club , where i could n't go , because i was eighteen . 
 because i was pretending to be an adult in his world full of actual adults . 
 he left me with his car . 
 `` two hours , i promise . 
 not a minute more . '' 
 quick kiss . 
 his hand on the side of my face . 
 an earnest look into my eyes . 
 then it was just me and the stuffed pony , alone in the city . 
 `` you need a name , '' i said . 
 a hundred names leapt out from the streets of st. louis . 
 `` louis , '' i said . 
 my creativity was legendary . 
 louis and i drove around aimlessly for a while . 
 twilight came on faster here within the forest of steel and glass , neon signs popping out , streetlights making cigarette burns in the darkness . 
 the city smelled like hot asphalt and the weedy tang of the mississippi . 
 there was something melancholy and restless in me , magnified by seeing people together , laughing , holding hands , free with each other . 
 i ditched the car in a parking garage , leaving louis perched atop the wheel . 
 i was n't far from the river . 
 i walked past the old courthouse , the great dome lit up and the molding looking like a wedding cake , with the arch shining behind it . 
 the closer i got , the higher it seemed to rise into the sky . 
 the city thrummed around me , a live passionate thing full of hearts and hands and desires , and all of it seemed to concentrate here in a collective defiance of gravity . 
 i took a photo from a nearby park : a silver bend in the night sky , the trail of something that had tried to escape the earth but not quite made it . 
 okay , so i was being morose . 
 i sat on a bench in the park . 
 a dad and his little girl walked by , the daughter gripping a handful of black-eyed susans . 
 she grinned at me shyly as if i 'd seen a secret . 
 her dad smiled , too , but his smile dipped to the bare legs i crossed before he looked away . 
 for the first time in ages , i did n't feel good about that . 
 i felt confused . 
 i was eighteen , out in a big city doing whatever the f ** k i wanted with an older man , but i was too young to go with him to a club , or to have my own real place , real job , real life . 
 wesleypedia told me once that human brains do n't fully develop until age twenty-five . 
 seven more years until i was a full person . 
 what the hell am i ? 
 i thought . 
 too old to be a real teenager , too young to drink . 
 old enough to die in a war , f ** k grown men , and be completely confused about what i was doing with my life . 
 you 're right , evan , i thought . 
 no one knows us here . 
 i do n't even know myself . 
 i thought about the man with the guitar . 
 a nobody on a street corner , but better than a million somebodies on tv . 
 he did n't care-he did it for love . 
 love was what made it good and beautiful and ephemeral . 
 and i thought about the man i was waiting for , the way my eyes had been gradually opening , sincerity replacing sarcasm , the way i felt i was constantly waking up and yet slipping deeper into a beautiful dream . 
 and it hit me-what my semester project was going to be about . 
 by the time evan called , the night was heavy and complete . 
 he asked where i was and said he 'd meet me . 
 i was nervous about seeing him again , because something inside me had changed . 
 an acknowledgment of things forming and fitting together into definite shapes . 
 i thought it would show on my face . 
 he got out of a cab and my heart pulsed in my throat . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 i said . 
 his hair looked messier now . 
 his collar was open wider , his skin gleaming with a fine rime of sweat . 
 he put his hands on my shoulders , his fingers flexing . 
 `` it 's a deal . 
 two hundred a month and it 's ours every weekend . '' 
 so we 're doing this , i thought . 
 we 're going to move our affair across state lines . 
 was it legal in missouri ? 
 did it matter ? 
 we could be ourselves here the way we could n't in illinois . 
 no worries about who would see us , recognize us . 
 i felt my heart echoing through my whole body . 
 jesus , i am actually going to do this with him . 
 i let my breath out . 
 `` that 's way cheaper than lolita motels . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i do n't care what it costs . 
 i care that you get to be yourself . 
 that we do n't have to hide . '' 
 he was slightly drunk . 
 i felt a twinge of-something-at the fact that he was drunk and i was n't , but i let it go , because my giddiness was greater . 
 this man did n't just want to f ** k me . 
 we were making plans for some kind of actual , lunatic life together . 
 you were so wrong , wesley . 
 `` let 's go look at this ridiculous thing , '' i said , taking evan 's hand . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you . '' 
 the arch was freakishly huge . 
 each leg was as large as a house , plated in sheets of stainless steel the length of cars . 
 looking up gave me instant vertigo . 
 you had to admire this kind of pointless audacity , planting something so bold and stunning and utterly useless right in the navel of america . 
 it was supposed to be a monument to going west , growing the country , lewis and clark and manifest destiny , but all i saw was a big gorgeous fuck-you to the universe . 
 the steel was inscribed with graffiti from the ground to well over my head . 
 `` typical , '' i said . 
 `` someone makes something saying ' i was here , ' then a million people put their own ' i was here ' on it . 
 we 're so vain . '' 
 evan eyed me wryly . 
 `` you 're so cynical . '' 
 `` not true . '' 
 `` prove it . '' 
 i took his face in my hands and pulled it down to me . 
 looked at him the way he 'd looked at me earlier , my hands full of fire and my skin a veil of flame . 
 then i kissed him . 
 there was alcohol on his breath and smoke and cologne on his clothes and i did n't care . 
 he put his arms around me , pressing me against the steel . 
 my eyes closed but i felt that knocked-over sense of vertigo again . 
 my heart curved up into the sky just like the absurd beautiful thing behind us . 
 i turned my face away , laughing , breathless . 
 `` did i prove it ? '' 
 he turned my face back to his and kissed me again , fiercely . 
 his hands slid to the small of my back . 
 he pulled me into him . 
 i kissed him like his lips were water and i could not get enough of it . 
 we were part of this place , the blood thrashing inside the steel heart of this city , the crimson in its stone veins . 
 we were the cells burning like stars . 
 people like us . 
 passion like ours . 
 i did n't even realize there were other people around until i laid my head back against the metal . 
 two men strolled past , middle-aged , hand in hand , and one smiled at us . 
 and i knew then that no one saw anything wrong . 
 they only saw two people who were crazy about each other . 
 i could get used to this . 
 i asked a woman to take a picture of us beneath the arch . 
 i looked at the camera , but evan looked at me . 
 `` two hours until we 're home , '' i said as we walked out of the park , arm in arm . 
 evan gave me an unreadable glance . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 we kissed again in the garage , and when he leaned me against the driver 's window and pressed his thigh between my legs , i gave serious consideration to another first : sex in a parking garage . 
 i was wet and he knew it , and he was grinding his leg between mine and making me insane and sullen and miserable with want . 
 my wiser self won out . 
 we were doing things right . 
 no need to risk everything now , on the cusp of ... getting away with it . 
 still there . 
 that kernel of wrongness . 
 that thing i did n't entirely want to lose , because the nasty little lolita in me liked it . 
 `` i 'll drive , '' i breathed against his ear . 
 we were quiet on the way back . 
 a tense , moody quiet at first , almost hating each other for not consummating this awful desire . 
 then the miles smoothed it away , and the starlight and tail lights soothed us . 
 evan had his eyes on me most of the ride . 
 after a while he ran fingertips over my ear , my jaw , my collarbone . 
 not distractingly . 
 just enough to draw a pleasant shiver . 
 to keep me awake . 
 it was late when i finally pulled into town . 
 before i could head for my house , he gave me directions to his . 
 my heart sped up . 
 it did n't make sense to go there first . 
 how would i get home ? 
 answer : i was n't going home . 
 `` tomorrow 's a school day , '' i said , staring at the windshield . 
 `` i have a class with you . '' 
 his hand circled the back of my neck . 
 `` i need you tonight . '' 
 has there ever been a more effective line in the history of pickup lines than `` i need you ? '' 
 my teacher lived in a second-floor apartment in a staple-shaped group of buildings surrounding a parking lot , as if it were some kind of gemstone , something to gaze upon admiringly . 
 there were other cars in the lot , other eyes in the windows . 
 we walked inside without touching , but his stare was palpable . 
 i followed him upstairs . 
 my mind checked off every mistake i 'd made since the beginning : kissing him in school , wesley seeing the call from e , britt handing evan my phone as he took me home , and now this . 
 were we sabotaging it ? 
 were we trying to heighten the danger to eke out some pathetic erotic thrill ? 
 did we want someone to know , to stop us ? 
 in retrospect , you know all the answers . 
 you know the shadowy throes of your heart . 
 in the moment , you 're a teenage girl walking into your teacher 's apartment and your heart is beating like hummingbird wings , a wild red blur in your chest . 
 he opened the door . 
 when i stepped inside my whole body tingled , as if i 'd passed through an enchanted gate . 
 the lights in the parking lot filled the rooms with a soft sepia wash . 
 smell of new paper and fresh laundry . 
 everything looked simple and clean and sedate . 
 no messy effusion of emotion , no clash of warring desires like in my whirlwind-wrecked room , that spiral galaxy of torn-out magazine pages and printed quotes from the internet and the random debris of my childhood , swirling around an explosive center . 
 this place was fully formed , solid . 
 i was a trespasser here . 
 a girl spy in the land of adults . 
 the crescent moon winked through balcony doors and i crept toward it , and there they were , those carnival lights he 'd watched , thinking of other people 's happiness , of me . 
 wish you were here , i thought . 
 and now i am . 
 hands around my waist . 
 his body against mine , warm and hard . 
 i turned my head to one side and his face grazed my cheek . 
 the tickle of his stubble sent a charge through me , my nerves lighting up like neon . 
 we kissed the corners of each other 's mouths , his hands slipping under my shirt , running over my belly , the arch of my ribs . 
 when he reached my br ** sts his fingers became possessive , rough . 
 his body was rigid and unyielding behind me , his hands almost tearing at my flesh-it felt like he wanted to take me apart . 
 that meanness i thought we 'd left in st. louis returned with a vengeance . 
 i dragged my hand up the inside of his leg , grabbing his dick through his jeans , and he took my earlobe between his teeth , painfully . 
 i felt the shock in every extremity , my toes , my n ** ples , my fingertips . 
 i dug my nails into his thigh . 
 we made our way to the bedroom in fits and starts , stopping to tear clothes from each other . 
 even when i was nak * d he seemed to want more , wanted to strip me to the bone . 
 he kissed me so hard it left my lips raw , the inside of my mouth bruised , and i could n't get enough . 
 i wanted it rougher , harder . 
 everything that had stewed in me all day came boiling to the surface . 
 he was driving me back toward his bed when i grasped his face , making him look at me . 
 `` who am i to you ? '' 
 i said , my voice hoarse . 
 `` maise , or your student ? '' 
 the animal single-mindedness lifted for a moment . 
 his chest heaved , but his eyes were clear and colorless in the moonlight . 
 `` both , '' he whispered . 
 i felt chills . 
 `` then f ** k me , mr. wilke . '' 
 he turned me around to face his bed . 
 my heart hammered . 
 i knew what to do . 
 got on my knees , palms splayed across the sheet . 
 my hair fell around my face . 
 the sheet wrinkled in my hands , moonlight scrawling over it in wet white ridges . 
 i felt totally vulnerable and terrified and perfectly calm all at once . 
 noises behind me , a drawer sliding , something crinkling , then his weight and heat were pressing me down into the bed . 
 he clutched my hips . 
 i felt his stomach tighten against my back , his abs furrowing , and even though i knew it was coming i gasped when he thrust inside me , my hold on myself unraveling , my hands and feet instantly going numb . 
 he held me tightly in place and f ** ked me slowly and it felt like i was coming apart from the inside . 
 my fingers curled in the sheet . 
 his stubble rubbed against my shoulder blade , his breath hot on my skin . 
 as soon as it evaporated that spot turned cool until he breathed again . 
 we 'd been doing this to each other for weeks , but this was the first time we acknowledged that there was an element of wrongness in it . 
 that we liked the wrongness . 
 i finally understood what he meant when he said wish you were here-he wanted to do this to me , take me into his home as his student and f ** k me on my hands and knees . 
 possess me completely . 
 his hands moved to my br ** sts and he pulled me against him and f ** ked me deeper and it almost hurt . 
 so intense , too intense to feel directly , just a sensation of being full to my core , of my body wrapping itself with crazy anaconda strength around him , taking him in as deeply as i could until i thought i was going to scream , cry , cease to exist . 
 at some point i became aware that i was saying , `` fuck me , mr. wilke , god , f ** k me , f ** k me , '' in a high pleading voice , an edge of my old accent bleeding through , and that the sharpness on my shoulder was his teeth . 
 i could n't come and i did n't want to . 
 i just wanted to be dominated . 
 so i called him by his teacher 's name and let my tense numb body slap against his and when he groaned and slowed down i said , `` please do n't stop , please , '' and he did n't , and he did n't hold back , every muscle coiling , giving all of himself to me . 
 there 's a very strange clarity when you get close but do n't come . 
 your whole body feels like an exposed nerve , everything painful and grating but also miraculously clear . 
 you do n't have that sadness , the post-coital tristesse . 
 the world is hard-edged and bright . 
 evan held me , one arm around my hips , the other at my neck . 
 his chest rose and fell against my back . 
 neither of us moved for a while . 
 we knew what we were going to have to face when we looked at each other . 
 our bodies separated . 
 i sat on the bed , crossing my legs self-consciously . 
 he sat beside me . 
 we both faced the wall . 
 the refrigerator buzzed in the kitchen . 
 a man shouted unintelligibly outside . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' evan said . 
 `` for not making me come , or for being my teacher ? '' 
 he was silent a long moment . 
 `` both . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 i kept looking straight ahead . 
 `` i 've felt like this since the beginning , '' i said . 
 we spoke in whispers , for some reason . 
 maybe truths were n't as harsh that way . 
 `` i wanted you because you were older . 
 i do n't feel anything for boys my age . 
 and when i found out you were my teacher , something clicked in me . 
 it felt wrong in the best possible way . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 now i looked at him . 
 `` you like me because i 'm young . '' 
 `` that 's part of it . '' 
 `` a big part . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , and i smiled a little . 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 `` i like that you 're kind of f ** ked up , because i 'm kind of f ** ked up . '' 
 i uncrossed my legs , slipping one behind his . 
 ran my toes up the light hair on his calf . 
 `` i 've been obsessed with you since that first night . 
 not just with you , but the way you make me feel . '' 
 `` how do i make you feel ? '' 
 alive . 
 real . 
 valuable . 
 whole . 
 `` like myself , '' i said . 
 `` more than i 've ever been . '' 
 he touched my cheek lightly . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` your student . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 you 're the one teaching me . '' 
 my smile became full and genuine . 
 i wrapped my arms around him , and we lay back on the bed together , quiet and calm , moonlight draping over our bare skin in a luminous sheet . 
 `` stay here tonight , '' he said after a while . 
 the first wrong note of the evening . 
 it jangled inside me , discordant . 
 stop , i told myself . 
 why are you scared ? 
 has he given you any indication he 's going to leave you ? 
 what are you afraid of , being loved ? 
 `` i 've been gone all day . 
 my mom will freak out . 
 i need to butter her up for st. louis . '' 
 i need do no such thing . 
 mom had n't cared where i spent the night when i was thirteen , and she sure as hell did n't care now . 
 evan kissed my forehead , but i saw the disappointment in his eyes . 
 `` next weekend , '' i said , `` we 'll be doing this in a new city . '' 
 waking up in the morning together . 
 i had never woken up in the morning with anyone else . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 that 's another thing about lies : if you convince yourself they 're true , they become true . 
 a lie is a discrepancy of belief , not fact . 
 wesley skipped film studies on monday . 
 i looked for him in the cafeteria , but he was n't there either . 
 maybe he 'd ditched the whole day . 
 it felt depressingly empty without him . 
 britt and hiyam did n't mention the party . 
 mr. wilke smiled at me , relaxed , peaceful . 
 beatific . 
 i hit the computer lab after school . 
 my phone took shitty video , but it would n't matter for this project . 
 this was about impressions , experiences . 
 the feeling of being there , the blurry bright overwhelming way real life looked as you lived it , not the surgical precision of hd after the fact . 
 i scrubbed through my clips , looking for the bones of the story i knew was there . 
 somehow , the photos captured what i was looking for better . 
 receding tail lights on a dark street . 
 evan 's back , roped with muscle , his arms raised as he put on his shirt in a motel . 
 the little girl with the black-eyed susans , walking with her dad beneath the gateway arch . 
 a series of leavings , endings . 
 my old life ending . 
 a new one beginning . 
 there was more to film than live action . 
 i put headphones on , streaming music from my phone , and started scribbling . 
 you do n't want friends wise girl lovely too i 'm looking for some coke just a trail of fire in my hands i set the text over the photos in a video editing app . 
 each image flashed onscreen for a couple of seconds , then cut to the next . 
 tail lights/trail of fire . 
 little girl/looking for some coke . 
 jarring . 
 weird . 
 kinda disturbingly beautiful . 
 closer to what i was trying to say , but i still was n't quite sure what that was yet . 
 like siobhan said , maybe it would emerge . 
 i missed siobhan . 
 and her stupid , stupidly-in-love-with-me son . 
 `` i 'm cooking tomorrow night , '' mom announced when i got home thursday . 
 i flung my bookbag at the couch . 
 this week had been a trial . 
 evan and i thought it best not to see each other outside of school until the weekend , in case anyone had noticed our slip-ups . 
 wesley thought it best not to see me inside or outside of school until i dropped dead . 
 i was in no mood for mom 's tweaked-out bursts of chemical enthusiasm and trying to be a real mom . 
 `` i 've got plans this weekend , '' i said . 
 `` i bought food already . 
 steak 's marinating . '' 
 she pronounced it meer-uh-nay-ten . 
 i looked at her dully . 
 `` the only thing you know how to cook is meth . '' 
 she did not find that amusing . 
 `` what are you even cooking for ? '' 
 i said , grabbing a jar of sweet pickles from the fridge . 
 `` we 're having company . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` mr. gary rivero . '' 
 `` who is mr. gary rivero ? '' 
 `` a very important man . 
 a very wealthy man . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes as i laid out bread for a sandwich . 
 `` that does n't sound shady at all . '' 
 mom sat at the kitchen table , sparking her lighter . 
 `` could you not smoke in the house , please ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i ai n't . '' 
 she stirred the ashes in a terracotta pot . 
 i gave up trying to get her to quit smoking indoors ; my only condition was she not do it while we breathed the same air . 
 sometimes i could not believe this woman and i shared dna . 
 `` mr. rivero is very interested in meeting you , '' she said . 
 `` stop calling him mr. rivero . 
 that sounds like a teacher . '' 
 i did not like that association attaching itself to her skeezeball friends . 
 `` why does he want to meet me ? '' 
 `` because i told him what a smart , pretty girl you are . 
 how you 're going to college and all . '' 
 i paused in peanut buttering my bread and glanced at her . 
 that was almost a compliment . 
 my mother 's compliments were never without ulterior motive . 
 `` why does he care if i 'm smart ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , babe . 
 maybe you should talk to him and find out . '' 
 i had zero intention of doing that . 
 `` like i said , i 've got plans . 
 i 'll be gone all weekend . '' 
 `` where you going ? '' 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 mom scooted her chair back and loomed . 
 she had a good three or four inches on me . 
 mentally , rationally , i knew this woman could n't do shit to me . 
 but i imprinted on her , and my brain remembers how to light up the fear circuits when she glowers . 
 `` long as you live under my roof , everything 's my business . '' 
 i could n't meet her stare . 
 i addressed the peanut butter . 
 `` i 'm going out of town with a friend . '' 
 `` a friend ? 
 your boyfriend ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` that man who was here the other night ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she mused over this , her makeup almost moving in sync with her facial features . 
 `` well , i just need you here friday night . 
 you can go first thing saturday . '' 
 god f ** king dammit . 
 this was not worth fighting over . 
 fighting with mom tended to result in the molecular destabilization of household appliances . 
 lately , she had made threats against my laptop . 
 `` fine , '' i said , slapping pickles into the peanut butter . 
 mom finally noticed what i was making . 
 she frowned at the sandwich , then at me , and said with a dry , croaking laugh , `` what are you , pregnant ? '' 
 heart failure . 
 it only lasted a moment , and then i laughed back , right in her face . 
 she could n't tell the difference between sincerity and sarcasm anyway . 
 birth control was one thing i 'd gotten right in my ridiculous life . 
 i never missed a pill , and evan was paranoid about protection for some reason i 'd eventually cajole out of him . 
 that , at least , would not be the drama that destroyed us . 
 still smiling , i said , `` what are you , a mom ? '' 
 by friday afternoon i was utterly miserable . 
 no one to talk to or sleep with or bother all week . 
 being miserable is even worse without an audience . 
 i would 've welcomed wesley 's senior citizen wisecracks right then . 
 go ahead and talk about how decrepit my mystery boyfriend is , i thought . 
 the same one whose jokes you laughed at third period . 
 the same one hiyam was imagining f ** king in her head . 
 wesley had found some clandestine place to eat lunch , so i stopped showing at the cafeteria , too . 
 it was a bad idea , reckless , but i spent that lunch period in evan 's empty class , mostly talking and only kissing him for about five minutes out of forty . 
 `` this is poor risk management , '' he said , pressing me against the whiteboard during those five minutes . 
 `` i want to f ** k you in this classroom , '' i said . 
 he exhaled slowly through his teeth . 
 `` on this desk , '' i said . 
 `` while you 're wearing your shirt and tie , and i 'm wearing nothing but socks . '' 
 he kissed me to make me stop talking . 
 before i left , he said , `` this is torture . '' 
 `` i could always drop out . '' 
 he looked horrified . 
 `` kidding , '' i said . 
 `` relax , guy . '' 
 but i ran my hand up his arm wistfully , adding , `` i ca n't wait till tomorrow . '' 
 he embraced me , and said into my ear , `` i 'm going to f ** k the shit out of you . '' 
 i lost my breath . 
 it was crude , it was unexpected , and it set me on f ** king fire . 
 mom insisted i wear the new clothes she 'd bought . 
 suspiciously pleasant aromas leaked from the kitchen . 
 it was possible she was concocting something actually edible in her cauldrons . 
 i was 99.98 % sure gary rivero was a druglord . 
 the 0.02 % was the possibility he was my father , reentering my life at the precise moment i cauterized the wound he 'd left in me . 
 still , because i was forced into this and because f ** king with middle-aged men was my favorite pastime , i put on a wispy skirt that showed generous thigh , a snug tank , and a brass locket from nan . 
 no makeup but a dash of eyeshadow that made my eyes look feral , staring eerily from a shadowed cave . 
 my hair decided to behave and do the milk chocolate waterfall thing . 
 my body looked sleek and tight and new . 
 i took a selfie and sent it to evan . 
 can i kidnap you ? 
 he texted . 
 is it kidnapping if i give permission ? 
 a delay before he responded . 
 sometimes i ca n't believe you 're real . 
 i felt a weird , bittersweet sort of elation . 
 me either , i thought . 
 mom did n't react when i came downstairs except to hand me a bowl of potatoes with the instruction , `` peel . '' 
 i had n't bothered painting my nails , so i did n't care . 
 i was not going to let mr. rivero think i gave more than the minimum mom-mandated f ** k about him . 
 it irked me that she 'd actually made an effort at cleaning . 
 for once , the house smelled more like pine sol than smoke and despair . 
 `` so how do you know this guy ? '' 
 i said , shaving potato skins into a pile . 
 `` work associate . '' 
 `` does he run a cartel ? '' 
 mom clanged a lid onto a steaming pot . 
 `` rule number one : no business discussion unless mr. rivero brings it up first . '' 
 `` he 's not even here yet . '' 
 my logic did not move her . 
 `` if this gets sketchy , i 'm out of here , '' i warned , handing her the bowl . 
 i watched her dirty up the ladles and dishes no one had touched in years . 
 `` mom . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 her makeup was understated tonight-she did n't quite look like a corpse who 'd escaped from a funeral home . 
 `` thank you for the clothes . '' 
 her eyebrows made a sad arrowhead pointing up . 
 jesus , please do n't say you love me . 
 `` you look beautiful , babe , '' she said , and dropped the potatoes in the pot . 
 i left the room , relieved and slightly queasy . 
 i did n't want to hear her lie . 
 i wanted her to actually love me , but i guess `` you look beautiful '' was about as close as i 'd get . 
 some girls had mothers who never called them beautiful but swore their love up and down . 
 it 's all the same , really . 
 all bullshit . 
 i answered the door when the bell rang . 
 two men stood on our porch , both in dress clothes , no ties . 
 the older one wore a suit coat . 
 i immediately pegged him as mr. rivero . 
 salt and pepper hair , dusky italian complexion , aquiline nose , mediterranean green eyes . 
 very robert deniro-ish . 
 handsome and slim for his age . 
 he smiled easily and took my hand as he stepped inside , squeezing . 
 i half-expected him to kiss it . 
 `` you must be maise , '' he said . 
 `` i must be . '' 
 mr. rivero 's easy smile crinkled at the corners . 
 `` i 'm gary . 
 this is my friend , quinn . '' 
 i was n't sure whether quinn was a first or last name . 
 he was built like a bear , more hair on his hands than his scalp . 
 he nodded at me silently . 
 hired muscle . 
 i seated them in the dining room and poured drinks . 
 maker 's mark on the rocks for gary . 
 water for quinn . 
 mom was still busy in the kitchen , so i poured myself some maker 's , too . 
 quinn 's eyes moved around the house , lingering on the windows . 
 gary 's eyes lingered on me . 
 `` so , '' i said . 
 how the hell could you talk to a middle-aged man without mentioning business or sex ? 
 `` lovely weather . '' 
 gary 's smile said he knew exactly what i was thinking . 
 `` your mother 's told me a lot about you . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` you want to go into the movie business . '' 
 `` true . 
 what else ? '' 
 `` you 're the smartest girl in school . '' 
 had she actually said that ? 
 `` debatable . 
 what else ? '' 
 `` you 're a stunning young lady . '' 
 i sipped my bourbon to mask the warmth in my face . 
 i was aware of him watching every move , my hand setting the glass down , fingers poised on the rim . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` very much so . '' 
 pots clashed in the kitchen . 
 i leaned toward gary . 
 quinn 's eyes darted to me . 
 `` i do n't do what my mother does , '' i said under my breath . 
 `` any of it . 
 whatever you came for , you 're wasting your time . '' 
 gary did n't blink . 
 his eyes were shrewd , intelligent . 
 `` i 'm certainly not wasting my time , '' he said , and sipped . 
 the ribeyes were black outside , vivid pink inside . 
 perfect . 
 there were three different vegetable dishes and a lemon custard pie . 
 quinn ate more than all of us combined and never stopped scanning the room . 
 i stared at my mother , unsure if i was impressed or furious . 
 she had the capacity for this and had let me grow up on microwave meals . 
 `` what kind of movies do you make , maise ? '' 
 gary said . 
 plus one , mr. rivero . 
 thank you for not assuming beauty is my only asset . 
 `` experimental stuff . 
 i 'm interested in playing with the boundary between reality and fiction . 
 true stories mixed with fantasy , in a way that makes both of them more true and more false at the same time . '' 
 i blushed . 
 the alcohol had gone to my head . 
 gary took a drink . 
 `` that reminds me of something i saw earlier this year . 
 the one about killing bin laden . '' 
 `` zero dark thirty , '' i said . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he swirled the melted amber in his glass . 
 `` there 's always controversy about things like that . 
 you have all these people with their own version of the truth , trying to tell one story . '' 
 `` and then we all interpret it our own way , '' i said , `` and it becomes a million more truths . '' 
 gary smiled . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what truths do you tell ? '' 
 `` i have n't finished anything yet . 
 i feel like i need more life experience before i can make something worthwhile . '' 
 life experience that i was racking up rapidly with evan . 
 `` quite a mature attitude . '' 
 gary tore the steak gently with his fork . 
 he watched me as he chewed . 
 it was like mom and quinn did n't exist . 
 mom was unusually quiet . 
 `` you show a lot of self-awareness for someone your age . '' 
 backhanded compliment . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` you show a lot of cultural awareness , for someone your age . '' 
 gary laughed . 
 mom pinched my knee under the table . 
 i despised her . 
 you do n't even know what we 're talking about , i thought . 
 you 're just reacting to tone . 
 like a dog . 
 `` anyone for pie ? '' 
 she said . 
 gary excused himself to smoke , brushing my wrist as he stood . 
 `` join me , '' he said . 
 my pulse jumped . 
 whatever he 'd come to ask , he was going to ask it now . 
 i followed him to the back porch , quinn behind us like a shadow on a leash . 
 october had just started , a sharp , ice-toothed bite in the air , tearing the skin off the earth . 
 leaves rustled in the yard , a sound i 'd always thought of as dying . 
 a thousand cells shivering , delicately giving up their ghosts . 
 gary offered me a cigarette . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` smart , '' he puffed . 
 you are some bigshot druglord , i thought . 
 you have a personal bodyguard who could rip a bible in half with his hands . 
 what the hell do you want with me ? 
 `` it 's important to me that i understand all angles of a problem , '' gary said . 
 `` i do n't like to make uninformed decisions . '' 
 he looked at me then , and i shivered , hard , understanding : i am an angle of the problem . 
 `` what decision ? '' 
 i said . 
 his gaze slid away from me , unhurried . 
 he was not the kind of man to be rushed . 
 `` raising a child alone is very difficult . 
 i do n't begrudge your mother her choices . 
 but i do require her to be accountable . '' 
 a chill started to shimmy its way under my skin like a fine knife . 
 require had never sounded so ominous . 
 `` sweetheart , '' gary said , eyeing me again , `` your mother owes someone a lot of money . '' 
 `` i 'm not part of her business , '' i said immediately . 
 `` no , but you 're part of her life . 
 and when someone owes a lot of money , the people in their life become collateral . '' 
 i went cold all the way to my marrow . 
 this was suddenly way too godfather . 
 i stared into the ghost-filled yard , seeing nothing . 
 `` i 've worked with her for several years . 
 she 's never disappointed me . 
 i knew she had a daughter , and i knew she kept her daughter in the dark about certain things . '' 
 my eyes darted to quinn . 
 i wondered where the gun was on him . 
 in his waistband ? 
 strapped to his calf ? 
 gary put his hand on mine on the railing . 
 it was warm and papery . 
 he smelled like tobacco . 
 holy shit , i thought . 
 my life is a movie . 
 a f ** king drug thriller , happening right now , in my backyard . 
 `` please , '' i said , `` i do n't want anything to do with this . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 but she made you part of it without asking . '' 
 my mind filled with terrifying images . 
 having to sleep with this man . 
 with quinn . 
 being passed around a bunch of skeezy dealers . 
 snorting coke to numb myself to the horror . 
 i was shaking . 
 i could call evan . 
 let 's run away tonight , i 'd say . 
 let 's start over in st. louis . 
 or la. . 
 as far as possible from this shit . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 i said , my voice like those rustling leaves . 
 gary took his hand away . 
 `` as i said , you mother has never disappointed me . 
 i 'm willing to help with her debts , smooth things over with some people . 
 but i ca n't do things like that out of the goodness of my heart . 
 that 's not how a successful businessman stays successful . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` so answer my damn question . '' 
 when you realize you have nothing to lose , it 's easy to be brash . 
 he merely smiled . 
 nothing i had said or done affected this man . 
 he was a lizard , everything pinging off his scaly surface . 
 `` i do n't want anything from you . 
 i just wanted to meet you . 
 yvette 's daughter . '' 
 he held my gaze , and i understood . 
 i do n't want anything ... for now . 
 `` does this make you feel good about yourself ? '' 
 i said quietly . 
 `` scaring the shit out of little girls ? '' 
 `` you 're not a little girl . '' 
 he was wrong . 
 at that moment , i absolutely was . 
 `` how much does she owe ? '' 
 i said . 
 his eyes got a shuttered , closed down look . 
 `` that 's business , sweetheart . 
 not for you to worry about . '' 
 he stubbed out his cigarette and put an arm around my shoulder . 
 it felt like a shackle . 
 `` let 's go in , before your mom gets the wrong idea . '' 
 i was too dazed to process the rest of the night . 
 when they were gone and i was sitting in my room , my eyes full of water but not spilling , my entire body trembling , i suddenly remembered the squeaky bank teller . 
 i should have known what was coming . 
 the foreshadowing was so obvious . 
 i logged into my bank account . 
 balance : $ 0.00 . 
 -6 - rain ran down the windows in rivulets thick and silvery as mercury . 
 the world looked like an ashtray full of soft soggy grayness , headlights fizzling in it like cigarette cherries . 
 all i heard was a crackling sound , rain and wet tires , as if one long strip of velcro was endlessly peeling . 
 evan had seen how somber i was and let me brood in peace . 
 i put on music for a bit , then turned it off and listened to the rain . 
 i should have told him before we left . 
 i should n't have left with him , dragging him into my doomed orbit , toward this black hole i was slowly circling . 
 the seat was cool and i pressed the bare backs of my legs against it . 
 i felt like i needed to shiver from a place deep inside of me , one not connected to my nerves . 
 traffic slowed as people tried not to die in the rain . 
 evan took a hand off the wheel and laid it atop mine . 
 he did n't speak . 
 we reached st. louis well past noon . 
 the arch was a faint shadow in the downpour , almost frightening , a shape without context . 
 it could have been the leg of an alien ship touching down . 
 rain washed the color out of everything . 
 we hunted the hot blurs of traffic lights , hitting every red . 
 even the universe was telling me to stop . 
 evan pulled into an underground garage . 
 i got out , leaving my bag in the car . 
 he looked at me with concern but remained silent , and i appreciated this . 
 we took a haunted freight elevator up six stories . 
 it rattled as if possessed and screeched when the gate opened and closed . 
 `` nothing says ` welcome home ' like poltergeists , '' i said . 
 evan smiled nervously . 
 he seemed relieved i 'd finally spoken . 
 we walked down a dim brick hallway to a steel door , and when he opened it my bleak mood lifted for a moment . 
 the friend 's loft was huge , a couple thousand square feet of bare concrete and brick . 
 one entire wall was windows , flooding the space with pearly gray light . 
 the open floor was divided into groupings of furniture : leather couches arrayed around a tv , a dining table and bar , a bed framed by bookcases . 
 stairs led to a walled area above the kitchen-bathroom , probably . 
 there were canvases everywhere , big , messy abstract paintings , all motion and color , no form . 
 `` this is really nice , '' i said , feeling infinitely small . 
 i did n't even notice my voice crack . 
 evan 's hands on my shoulders . 
 `` maise . '' 
 he turned me around . 
 i felt a dangerous rearrangement of my facial features in preparation for tears . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he said . 
 his face was doing that big-eyed , furrowed-brow thing that i could not lie to . 
 i started to cry . 
 `` i 'm sorry i made fun of the elevator . '' 
 he laughed a little , helplessly , and pulled me close . 
 `` that 's not why you 're upset . 
 is it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` can you talk , or do you need to cry ? '' 
 `` need to cry , '' i said like a child , and did . 
 at first i tried to keep my dignity , but once i started it became a runaway train , and the best i could manage was to hold on while an unstoppable force moved through me . 
 i got the worst out standing there in evan 's arms , the loft as blurry as the rainy world outside . 
 mother . 
 witch . 
 whore . 
 devil . 
 stealing my money , the money her own mother had given me as compensation for being part of this f ** king family . 
 putting my life in jeopardy . 
 ruining my future and the happiness i had with this man . 
 all because she refused to get a real job , because she was forty and still thought she could cheat the world and get ahead without working as hard as all the other suckers . 
 evan led me to the kitchen . 
 wiped my face with a warm washcloth , listened to me blow my nose and mumble semi-coherently . 
 `` i should n't have come here , '' i said . 
 the tears never stopped , merely waned . 
 `` i have to-we have to stop . '' 
 he looked frightened until i explained that it was because of mom . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you before , but i never found the right moment . 
 ` hey , by the way , my mom 's a drug dealer . ' 
 is there a greeting card for that ? '' 
 `` tell me everything , '' he said , sitting with me at the counter . 
 after an hour he knew the gist of my sordid family . 
 he listened without comment , handing me tissues , stroking my hair , staring sadly at my swollen , ruddy , childish face . 
 when i quieted , he said , `` i ca n't believe you 've been dealing with this your whole life . '' 
 `` well , now you know . '' 
 i was n't crying anymore . 
 my voice was raw , husky . 
 like mom 's . 
 `` i 'm sorry about all of this . '' 
 `` you have nothing to apologize for . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 i made myself look at him . 
 `` we ca n't keep doing this , evan . 
 it 's not going to work . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i might be on a hit list somewhere ? 
 because my life just became the sopranos ? '' 
 he took my hands . 
 `` i 'm worried , okay ? 
 no , i 'm terrified . 
 this is some seriously f ** ked-up shit , and i have no idea how to handle it . 
 but it does n't change how i feel about you . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 `` you 're the mob wife . 
 you wo n't leave me , even though there 's a price on my head . '' 
 he stared at me for a second . 
 then we both burst out laughing . 
 wild , brittle laughter , on the edge of hysteria . 
 he pulled me close , pressing my forehead to his chin . 
 `` you 're crazy , '' i said . 
 `` you should run away . '' 
 `` if i ran away , i would be crazy . '' 
 somewhere in my cavernous chest , another sliver of light chipped into my heart . 
 i leaned back . 
 `` maybe i should run from you again . 
 for your own good . '' 
 he looked at me with that sweet pout and i knew i could n't . 
 though he never mentioned it , leaving him that first night had shaped the way he saw me . 
 the shooting star he could n't hold . 
 sometimes he 'd touch my hands and my face as if to check whether i was really there . 
 god , if i could only go back to that night and tell myself to stay . 
 tell her , there 's something so beautiful waiting for you . 
 do n't run from it . 
 run toward it . 
 `` what would your mother think , '' i said , `` if she knew what kind of girl you got mixed up with ? '' 
 his eyes tightened . 
 he looked through me for a split second . 
 then he focused on my face , a mask sliding over his with a smile painted on it . 
 `` she 'd think , ' i am not surprised . ' 
 now , if you 're done trying to break up with me , i 'd like to cook for you . 
 you can reevaluate whether you still want to break up afterward . '' 
 there 's another hidden story about your past , i thought . 
 now you owe me two . 
 things i did for the first time in my life that day : shopped for groceries with my boyfriend -lrb- we spent an hour walking around a fish market in our sunglasses calling each other mr. and mrs. smith , pretending to be undercover assassins -rrb- ; made out in an elevator -lrb- haunted or not haunted-both firsts -rrb- ; took a shower and shaved my legs while my boyfriend watched , spellbound -lrb- `` i 've been fantasizing about this . '' 
 `` no touching . 
 is something burning ? '' -rrb- . 
 when i stepped out of the bathroom there was a trail of lit candles leading down the stairs . 
 oh sweet jesus , i thought . 
 i followed the light and the smell of sweet tomato and whitefish . 
 evan moved around the kitchen like a maestro , lifting a lid , stirring , gliding over to the oven just as it dinged . 
 i watched him with an awed , goofy gape until he enlisted me to chop fresh basil . 
 `` what are we making ? '' 
 i said . 
 besides an insane love story , obviously . 
 `` pine nut-crusted flounder , roasted vegetable medley in herb and butter sauce , and tomato bisque . '' 
 he paused behind me , raised my hair , and kissed the nape of my neck , all while taking a dish out of the cabinet above me . 
 i stared at my hand , wondering what would happen if i put the blade to my skin . 
 i did n't think it would cut . 
 i did n't think i was awake . 
 whose life is this ? 
 i thought . 
 how did i sneak into it ? 
 `` who taught you to cook ? '' 
 i said as we set the table . 
 `` your mom ? '' 
 again , that millisecond flicker in his eyes . 
 `` my dad , actually . '' 
 `` what 's your dad like ? '' 
 he looked at me for a moment like he could n't remember who i was . 
 because i was young . 
 because the concept of dead parents had n't yet occurred to me . 
 i had only two concepts for parents : gone , and wish you were dead . 
 `` he was better than we gave him credit for , '' evan said . 
 i stared at a fork , wondering how to take back my question . 
 `` he was a mechanic , '' evan continued , his good humor returning . 
 `` strongest guy in town . 
 a car fell on a guy he worked with , and he lifted it by himself till they pulled the guy out . 
 it messed up my dad 's back , so he had to stop working . 
 he started taking cooking classes out of boredom . 
 imagine the hulk in an apron , but less green . 
 same approximate radius of destruction . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` who 's ` we ? ' '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you said , ` better than we gave him credit for . ' '' 
 evan 's gaze shifted away . 
 `` me and my sister . '' 
 another mystery sister . 
 first wesley , now him . 
 it was like every xy i knew did n't want me to know he was related to an xx . 
 we stood there with our secrets and mistakes , a beautiful dinner waiting for us . 
 `` let 's forget all the bad stuff for tonight , '' evan said . 
 `` deal . '' 
 we ate by candlelight in the sepulchral loft . 
 storm clouds obscured the real stars , but the city came alive , a horoscope of earthbound constellations spreading below us : meteoric tail lights , neon pulsars , twinkling and shimmering all the way to the horizon . 
 it made my heart ache . 
 the city at night gave me the same melancholy twinge i 'd felt as a kid watching mom plug in the christmas tree . 
 something beautiful and full of promise , but something you knew you could never touch . 
 the food made me feel good and strange , too . 
 light , sweet flounder broke apart and dissolved on my tongue , and the bisque was so creamy and savory i wanted to drink it straight from the bowl . 
 it was overwhelming . 
 he 'd done this for me . 
 all of this . 
 i watched him carry our plates to the sink , thinking , all of this came from one night . 
 if i had n't gone to the carnival , you would 've looked at me like any other student when i walked into your class . 
 and that made my heart ache , too-the thought of how much happiness lay scattered across the universe , unrealized , in fragments , waiting for the right twist of fate to bring it together . 
 `` if we had n't met , where would you be right now ? '' 
 i said . 
 candlelight danced over his face . 
 his eyes were embers . 
 `` watching the lights . '' 
 we stood at the windows , looking out over the rainy city . 
 he held me to the cold glass and kissed me , slow and intent . 
 our mouths tasted like pinot grigio . 
 we moved to the couch , him atop me , crushing the leather , but after a while we ended up simply lying there . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` my mind is all over the place . '' 
 his arms tightened around me . 
 `` do n't be sorry . '' 
 i watched the dark , glittering city . 
 `` did your dad love you ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` in his way . '' 
 `` did you feel loved , when you were a kid ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` what about your mom ? '' 
 his body went rigid . 
 i breathed as shallowly as i could , not wanting to disturb whatever was happening inside of him . 
 `` my mom is an alcoholic . 
 she pretty much ruined our family . '' 
 i glanced at him . 
 he had that lost , x-ray-through-the-world look again . 
 `` how ? '' 
 evan sat up . 
 he laid a hand on my leg to show me it was okay , then let it fall . 
 `` my dad hit her , and she drank . 
 i never knew which came first , but they fed each other . 
 my mom was a nasty drunk . 
 she 'd say horrible shit , call my dad stupid and worthless , call us all names . 
 she was miserable and abused and clinically depressed and never got the help she needed . 
 she 'd drink herself into blackouts . '' 
 i thought of mom and her gray-outs . 
 `` jesus , '' i said . 
 `` one day , she was in the backyard with beth , my little sister . 
 i was in the garage so i did n't see it , but i 've thought about it so much i feel like i was there . 
 beth was in the pool , in the shallow end . 
 she had water wings on . 
 mom was drinking at ten in the f ** king morning , guzzling gin . 
 i hate gin , by the way . 
 the smell of it makes me sick . 
 so mom was drinking , and she passed out , and beth was playing by herself when her foot got too close to a drain . 
 it sucked her down and the wings could n't keep her above water . 
 she kicked and splashed and screamed , and then she drowned . 
 in three feet of water , in bright sunlight on a summer morning . 
 and the whole time my mother was lying right there , five feet away , while beth screamed for her . '' 
 i stared at him , my mouth open , eyes wide . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 he looked at my knee . 
 `` for years , i hated my mom . 
 i wished i could 've switched places with beth . 
 that any of us had died instead , because we all deserved it . 
 she was innocent . '' 
 he sighed , his frame sagging , succumbing to gravity . 
 `` but you know what ? 
 it changed my mother . 
 she finally stopped drinking . 
 she went to church , though she was only looking for forgiveness , not faith . 
 she cried all the time . 
 she said she 'd do anything to make sure i was happy , because now i was her only child . '' 
 `` did she ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i left when i was sixteen , and i 've never been back . '' 
 we sat there in the shadows , full of unspeakable things . 
 `` now i know , '' he said , touching me again , `` why i was drawn to you . 
 we have the same darkness inside . '' 
 `` our f ** ked-up parents ? '' 
 `` our lost childhood . '' 
 i curled against him , running my hands over his arms , his chest , lightly , reverently , as if i 'd just discovered he was breakable . 
 how bizarre , i thought . 
 mr. wilke has a psycho mom and a shattered family , too , and that 's why we understand each other . 
 why did everything beautiful come from pain ? 
 `` you do n't seem that much older than me , '' i said . 
 `` do i seem young to you ? '' 
 he kept stroking the same lock of my hair absently . 
 `` in school , you seem older than everyone . 
 with me , you seem young . 
 but i feel young with you , too . '' 
 `` we have no age . 
 we exist outside of time . 
 we 're timeless . '' 
 evan smiled . 
 `` like jack and rose . '' 
 `` or lady and the tramp . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` the nurse and the english patient . '' 
 `` louis and lestat . '' 
 he took my face in his hands . 
 `` you are the bravest girl i 've ever met . 
 you 've been living with this crazy family shit and never said a word . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` or maybe louis and claudia . 
 i 'm the little girl you 've frozen in time because you plucked me like a rose and made me a vampire . 
 we live together for a hundred years and i hate you and yet i 'm in love with you . '' 
 oh my god . 
 i had actually said it . 
 as a joke , but those were the words , in the proper order and everything . 
 `` maise . '' 
 `` you 've been living with a dead sister and never said a word . 
 is it brave , or just how things are ? '' 
 his hand moved against my face . 
 `` you are so worldly , '' he said , and it was both a compliment and a regret . 
 we kissed again , and his body lay over me and pushed me into the cloudy vagueness of the couch and i thought , do what you want , i relinquish myself to you . 
 but i guess he saw the disconnection in my eyes , because he stopped , and breathed against my throat , holding me . 
 just holding . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i whispered . 
 `` i want you to . '' 
 he looked into my face . 
 `` that 's not what i want . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` all of you . '' 
 it seemed like such an incredible thing to ask of a person . 
 `` i do n't know where all of me is right now , '' i said , feeling silly and young . 
 he kissed my temple , my eyelids . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i 'm happy . 
 i could spend this whole weekend just talking to you and be perfectly happy . '' 
 `` me too , '' i said . 
 my voice was strained . 
 `` so if we 're both so happy , why are we sad ? '' 
 evan laughed , and we kissed again , without expectations . 
 going to bed was awkward . 
 i did n't know the protocol . 
 should we brush our teeth together ? 
 little kids brushed their teeth with an adult . 
 just pretend you 're alone at home , i told myself . 
 i took everything off but my underwear and a t-shirt . 
 he stood on the other side of the bed in his boxers . 
 we stared at each other . 
 then we both laughed . 
 `` this is so weird , '' i said , echoing wesley on homecoming night . 
 where was he ? 
 was siobhan kissing him good night ? 
 did she do that ? 
 `` weird because i 'm your teacher , or because you 've never done it before ? '' 
 good question . 
 `` i ca n't even tell . '' 
 we sat on opposite sides of the bed . 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 `` is this how it is for married people ? '' 
 `` awkward and distant ? 
 yes . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` let 's pretend we 're a troubled married couple . '' 
 `` i feel like you 're trying to test if i can actually act . '' 
 `` i hate how you do that , john . 
 you always think i 'm testing you . 
 i guess our kids are just a test , too . '' 
 he looked at me , trying not to laugh . 
 `` well , martha , maybe if you did n't hand me a questionnaire every time i want sex . '' 
 `` and when is that , john ? 
 at midnight , after i 've spent all day babysitting your spawn ? 
 or when your secretary is n't available to blow you on the weekend ? '' 
 `` come here . '' 
 `` i think we should see a marriage counselor . '' 
 `` maise , come here . '' 
 my heart skipped . 
 i sat beside him , our backs to the brick wall . 
 in the darkness the loft reverted to a factory , mysterious machines hulking all around us , sitting in abandoned silence . 
 the sadness of factories , i thought . 
 once upon a time they 'd made things . 
 now they were all slowly decaying , like used-up mothers . 
 my eyes traced the maze of pipes and beams that made up the ceiling , all the messy guts shoved together . 
 evan put his arm around me . 
 i felt the contours of his muscle and bone through my shirt , the hard lines of this body i had taken into mine . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 he said into my hair . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` what scares you ? '' 
 i kept my eyes on the ceiling . 
 `` that this is too good . 
 that it wo n't last . 
 that you 'll leave . '' 
 fingertips ran up the smooth plane of my thigh . 
 goosebumps , everywhere . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` same exact thing , but about you . '' 
 i turned to him . 
 that boyish face , scruffy with stubble , almost like two different people looking at me . 
 he was n't perfect . 
 his lips were a touch too full , too sulky , his forehead a little too tall , and there was a permanent trace of mourning stamped into his features that sometimes made him look helpless , but all his imperfections fit him perfectly . 
 i adore this face , i thought . 
 how is it possible he 's scared of losing me ? 
 never in my life had i considered i might be something someone worried about losing . 
 `` statistically , '' i said , `` we 're doomed , you know . '' 
 `` statistically , everyone is doomed . '' 
 `` right , but we are specifically doomed . 
 wesleypedia told me that at the beginning of a relationship , your brain releases tons of dopamine . 
 you literally make yourself high . 
 but after a few months it stops , and then you 're basically going through withdrawal while trying to figure out why you 're in bed with this person and sharing germs . '' 
 evan wore a rueful smile . 
 `` what made you so grim ? '' 
 life , i thought . 
 his hand moved up the back of my knee to the inside of my thigh . 
 he looked at my face as he touched me , watching each layer of irony and cynicism splinter , crack , fall away . 
 i did n't move . 
 i let every cord in me tighten , slowly pulling into a knot in my center . 
 i was so finely-tuned i felt my n ** ples graze my shirt as i breathed , the hair on his arm tickling my thigh . 
 he pushed my legs apart and i bit my lip . 
 `` look at me , '' he said . 
 i did . 
 his voice was soft and gritty . 
 `` this is what i think about in class . '' 
 his fingers rose to the crease of my thigh . 
 he dragged a nail along the edge of my underwear , and i shivered and could n't stop , as if a low electric current ran through me . 
 he did n't touch me directly , but traced every boundary until i could n't sit still . 
 my mouth was open , my breath spilling wildly . 
 all the electricity in me surged to predict where his fingertips would brush , like one of those glass balls full of plasma that shoots to the surface when a hand gets near . 
 every subtle shift of fabric was unbearable . 
 my skin was too hot , too ripe with blood , a summer creature full of too much life and lust and desperately in need of release . 
 `` please , '' i said . 
 his hand spread across my thigh and squeezed . 
 `` i think about you saying that , too . '' 
 my breath was still out of control , but i said , `` and what else ? '' 
 `` i think about undressing you . '' 
 i leaned forward and shrugged out of my t-shirt . 
 my body felt elastic and sinuous , like a snake . 
 his hand ran up my belly , between my br ** sts , never quite touching the places i ached to be touched . 
 `` i think about your skin , '' he said , his thumb moving over my collarbone . 
 `` your mouth . '' 
 he opened it , put his index finger between my teeth . 
 `` the inside of you . '' 
 i closed my lips over his finger , looking at him . 
 i felt so womanish , suddenly . 
 you think you 're the one corrupting me , i thought , but i 'm f ** king you up , too . 
 my eyelids lowered . 
 the power was all mine now . 
 i took him deeper , almost to the knuckle , curling my tongue around his finger , scraping my teeth over it lightly as he withdrew . 
 when he pulled away i took him into my mouth again . 
 he groaned . 
 so i did it again , and again , enthralled at how his body responded , leaning closer , softening , giving itself up to me . 
 god , it felt so good , having all the power . 
 i could get used to being the teacher . 
 he pulled out finally and pressed his face to my shoulder . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 he said , his voice far away . 
 `` this is all i think about . 
 i 'm obsessed . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 i could still taste his skin , clean and warm and faintly salty . 
 i put my arms around him , and we lay down together , and were lost in each other until morning . 
 the day was half gone when i woke . 
 evan was up already , working on school stuff . 
 he called me sleepyhead and kissed me and sat on the bed to watch me dress . 
 funny , how even clothes going on my body was absolutely mesmerizing to him . 
 we walked around the neighborhood in search of food . 
 the city looked like an old-time photograph tinted the colors of coins , silver and nickel , its edges blurred with mist . 
 headlights made bright lighthouse beacons in the fog . 
 we walked close and slow , arms around each other 's waists . 
 trees still saturated with rain from last night seemed to glow a hyper-pigmented green . 
 the streets were full of a dizzying brew of wet concrete and brick and asphalt . 
 on one side of my body , evan 's heat ; on the other , the cool lick of rain-dampened air . 
 we bought coffee and almond croissants at a cafe and sat on the patio , watching the world flow past . 
 `` i got you something , '' evan said . 
 he took his hand from his pocket , something small and shiny in his fingers . 
 my body went into slow-motion . 
 i looked up at him slowly , breathed slowly , felt the long , slow strokes of my heart ticking like a close-up clock in a movie . 
 `` i was going to give it to you yesterday , '' he said , eyes lowered , `` but the timing was n't right . '' 
 he turned the ring in his fingers . 
 `` i keep pretending i 'm okay , looking at you in class and playing mr. good teacher , when all i want to do is take you in my arms . 
 and i wanted you to know that even though we have to do this , the hiding and pretending , there 's not a moment that goes by when i 'm not thinking of you , wishing it was different . 
 so i thought maybe this would remind you . 
 that this could hold you when i could n't . '' 
 he finally raised his eyes . 
 he looked so young right then . 
 `` do you know how to wear this ? '' 
 he said . 
 i laughed , part disbelief , part giddy wonder . 
 `` i 'm f ** king irish , evan . 
 of course i know . '' 
 he smiled . 
 he knew i did . 
 it was a silver claddagh ring : two hands clasping a heart with a crown atop it . 
 every part of it was symbolic : the heart stood for love ; the hands , friendship ; the crown , loyalty . 
 depending on how you wore it , it meant different things . 
 on your left hand , heart pointing out , it meant you were engaged ; heart in , married . 
 on your right hand , heart out meant you were looking for love ; heart in , you were in love . 
 he held the ring out to me , and i took it , swallowing . 
 my skin flashed hot and cold at the same time . 
 this , i thought , is going to become a memory : the way i 'm shivering but so warm inside , the way the sky is trembling above us , threatening rain , and the way your eyes are bluer than i 've ever seen . 
 i slid the ring onto my right ring finger , its heart pointing inward , toward mine . 
 our gazes met across the table . 
 there were a million things i wanted to say at the same time , so i said nothing . 
 evan opened his mouth . 
 a huge stiletto of rain hit the table , splashing onto my half-eaten croissant . 
 `` oh , shit , '' i said . 
 in three seconds flat , it was pouring . 
 i was so surprised and happy and overwhelmed by everything , the whole weekend , the craziness of my life , the ring on my finger , that i stood up and shrieked , joyously . 
 evan tried to save the food , but it was destroyed in moments . 
 we took off running down the block , him laughing and me still screaming happily , like a kid . 
 i was drenched and blissful and ran across a street where a car sat at the red light , and kissed my hand and slapped it on the hood . 
 the driver gave me a funny little frown and i beamed at her . 
 i f ** king love you , lady , i thought . 
 i love this entire world and everyone in it . 
 we reached the old factory building completely out of breath , our hair plastered to our skulls , clothes heavy as iron with water . 
 evan started to unlock the door and i snatched the keys away and he pushed me against the door , kissing me . 
 a wild , rough , messy kiss that tasted like rainwater and rust . 
 it was elemental , a force as raw as the one that tore the sky apart over us . 
 we went in finally but stopped outside the elevator , and he lifted me under the legs and held me against the wall , kissing me viciously , his tongue thrusting hard into my mouth . 
 rain darkened his hair from gold to brown . 
 i ran my hands beneath his wet shirt , his skin searing . 
 i would have f ** ked him right there . 
 i did n't care . 
 but we got on the elevator , and it took forever to get to the loft because we stood there with the door open , kissing madly . 
 i took his shirt off and dropped it . 
 he took off my shorts . 
 we left our shoes and socks strewn across the hallway . 
 my bra at the front door . 
 his jeans and everything else on the stairs up to the bathroom . 
 my skin was clammy , hair stringy , and i turned on the shower , but we did n't get that far . 
 he lifted me onto the bathroom counter , my ass on the freezing tile , and i decided that that was far enough . 
 that was where i wanted to be f ** ked . 
 i wrapped my hand around the back of his neck , the ring cool against his burning skin . 
 he did n't stop for a condom and when he entered me the heat was a shock . 
 i leaned back , arching my spine . 
 in the harsh halogen lights his body looked carved out of stone , his skin polished with rain and sweat , every muscle rigid . 
 we had n't f ** ked in a week and the tension was insane . 
 the veins in his arms stood out . 
 my own body felt hard and brutal , my br ** sts bouncing every time he thrust into me , and it did n't feel so much like sex as smashing my nerves with a hammer , blunt and savage , primitive . 
 he held my h * ps and f ** ked me roughly and fast and i felt a heavy wave of lava surging up my thighs and could not . 
 hold on . 
 to myself . 
 and i said , `` please , come . 
 please , please , come in me . '' 
 his hands tightened , painfully , and he pulled out and clutched my body to his , gasping . 
 i stared at the wall behind him , bewildered . 
 `` evan ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 his body heaved against me , frantic , breathless . 
 i pulled back , trying to look at his face . 
 his head was down . 
 he would n't let go of me , would n't look at me . 
 `` evan , '' i said again , my voice sharper than i 'd intended . 
 i 'd been so close to coming , and after the week of no sex , i could n't help my frustration . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he said . 
 i managed to lever him away so i could look at him . 
 my skin was flushed , tight as a drumhead . 
 he was still hard but his face was pained . 
 god , what the fuck ? 
 so awkward . 
 so f ** king awkward . 
 `` you ca n't keep doing this , '' i said . 
 `` tell me why it freaks you out so much . '' 
 he winced at my words , turned his head away . 
 please , i thought . 
 do n't be like this . 
 do n't be another high school boy who ca n't handle his own feelings . 
 you 're supposed to be a grown man . 
 he leaned against the wall . 
 raked a hand through his hair , propped his forehead in his palm . 
 we looked like two crazy people , nak * d and covered in rain and sweat . 
 i slapped my hand down on the counter and the ring rapped loudly , startling us both , making us look at each other . 
 `` talk to me , '' i said , gentler now . 
 `` i am terrified for you , '' he said . 
 his voice was low and hoarse . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i do n't ever want to put your future at risk . 
 even in the slightest way . '' 
 i sighed , my tension uncoiling . 
 `` i wo n't let that happen . 
 i 'm not careless , you know that . 
 i 'm going to college , and i 'm going to get a real job , and i 'm not even going to think about having a family until i 'm like , thirty . '' 
 i looked him full in the face , willing him to understand . 
 `` i 've had to take care of myself most of my life , and i wo n't let that go to waste by getting knocked up at eighteen . 
 so you do n't need to safeguard my future . 
 i 've got it covered . '' 
 the anxiety drained from him . 
 he looked defeated , embarrassed . 
 `` here i thought i was being responsible , but you 're way ahead of me . '' 
 `` well , it means a lot , that you care about my future . '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 `` come over here and be awkward with me . '' 
 he did , wrapping his arms around me , sighing . 
 he 'd gone soft , and the edge of my frustration had dulled . 
 this was just an embrace , tender , tired . 
 i rubbed my finger over the silver band . 
 `` you gave me a ring , '' i said . 
 `` i did . '' 
 i leaned back , a small , cocky smile on my face . 
 `` who else have you given a ring ? '' 
 `` no one . '' 
 `` not even your fiancee ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` broke up before we went ring shopping . '' 
 i stared at him , my heart beating fast . 
 `` i 'm the first ? '' 
 he put his hands to either side of my face . 
 his eyelashes were matted , sparkling with water . 
 he looked like a little boy who 'd been playing in the rain . 
 `` you 're the first . 
 you 're the first of so many things . '' 
 my gaze shifted from his eyes to his mouth , his lips red and full , and i kissed him , delicately , like a little girl kissing a little boy . 
 it was all lightness , softness . 
 his hands drifted airily over my back . 
 i pressed myself against him as if i weighed nothing , as if we floated underwater . 
 none of the savagery of earlier . 
 but somehow that tenderness grew and he hardened against me and i took him inside without my breath or pulse changing at all , as if this was no different from that . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist . 
 he kissed me as he moved inside of me , his eyes closed , his eyebrows raised in bliss . 
 i was still a little numb but something gentle and sweet collected in my belly , a warm rain building up . 
 both of us got close to coming , and looked at each other , and did n't say anything , and when i let my eyes roll back and all my being condense to the line of pure heaven shooting up my spinal cord , he came , too , cupping my body against himself like something precious , breathing his rapture in my ear . 
 he held me like that for a while . 
 eventually i felt the counter again , the cool imprint of tile . 
 there was a whole world full of ticking clocks and calendar days out there . 
 i kissed evan 's shoulder , his neck , his throat flecked with fine stubble , drinking in the smell of him . 
 he straightened and pulled out and the soft hot rush of wetness between my legs made my heart stammer . 
 this was completely , completely real . 
 he stroked my jaw , giving me a sleepy smile . 
 something went very tight and sharp in my chest . 
 god , this is happening , i thought . 
 you 're taking over my heart and i ca n't stop it . 
 i do n't want to . 
 `` will you tell me why ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` why what ? '' 
 `` why you were so insistent . '' 
 i ran my hand over the downy hair on his belly and up to the place above his heart . 
 i listened to it beating through my skin . 
 `` because i want all of you , '' i said . 
 `` every part . '' 
 he whispered back , `` it 's yours . '' 
 evan decided my film education should work backwards from when i was born , going through movies decade by decade . 
 first up : the 1980s . 
 `` i ca n't believe i was a little kid watching this shit , '' he said as we sat down with the lost boys . 
 the friend had a huge , expensive tv , and we 'd made popcorn and drinks and everything . 
 legit date night . 
 `` this whole decade was so dark . 
 everything now is safe and colorful and sanitized . 
 everyone 's scared of giving kids psychological scars . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' i said . 
 `` i grew up with the internet pumping filth into my brain . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` good point . '' 
 i saw what he meant about the darkness . 
 even in a campy vampire film full of mullets and feathered hair , there was an undertone of ugly , almost chthonic horror . 
 not the ultra-real yet somehow ultra-clean gore of the saw generation . 
 this was a sleazy , leering , scummy feeling , a glimpse of a time when adults were n't so terrified of terrifying kids . 
 there was something refreshing about it . 
 life without the shrinkwrap . 
 as i sat there with his arm around me , his easy laugh in my ear , i thought , how different are we ? 
 we came from such different times , his era murky and analog , mine bright and digital , and yet we got each other 's jokes , had a similar way of looking at the absurdity of the world and laughing . 
 how much of it was real , and how much the chemical honeymoon my brain was on ? 
 i twisted the ring on my finger . 
 next up was the breakfast club . 
 i fell in love with it immediately . 
 the cheesy 80s clothes , molly ringwald and a hot young emilio estevez , the razor-sharp dialogue , everything . 
 change the clothes and hair and add cell phones and you had any modern high school . 
 `` oh my god , '' i said when it was over . 
 `` i 'm allison . '' 
 `` you 're a compulsive liar ? '' 
 evan said . 
 `` no , i 'm a total weirdo . 
 but maybe i 'm lying about that . '' 
 `` i had the biggest crush on ally sheedy . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` which one were you , in high school ? '' 
 `` guess . '' 
 `` the bad boy . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` the jock ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` the nerd ? '' 
 `` is that such a shock ? '' 
 i climbed across his lap , pushing him back against the couch . 
 popcorn spilled out of the bowl beside us . 
 `` no , '' i said , wrapping my hands in his shirt . 
 `` it 's f ** king hot . '' 
 he smiled that perfect hollywood smile and gave me a drowsy , knowing look , all smoky desire , and we had sex again right there on the couch , using a condom out of consideration for the friend , my knees sinking into the cushion , my head thrown back and evan gazing up at me , entranced . 
 this is mine , i thought as he f ** ked me . 
 this body , this act , this man , all mine . 
 this belongs to my heart and my skin and no one can take it from me because it is etched there , indelibly . 
 i came hard and stayed atop him , my hands on his shoulders , a woman in total control . 
 when we stood up afterward i saw the silhouette of our bodies in sweat on the dark brown leather , evaporating in the chill . 
 i took my sweet time getting in the car . 
 reality intruded on my thoughts like war flashbacks , depressing images of mom and gary rivero and my big fat zero bank balance . 
 `` why even go back ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` let 's start over here . '' 
 evan looked at me across the roof of the car in the underground garage . 
 he almost seemed to be considering it . 
 `` running never works , '' he said finally . 
 tell me about it . 
 i flipped open the glovebox to toss my sunglasses in , and a pile of papers cascaded onto my feet . 
 evan was backing out of the parking space and slammed on the brakes . 
 that made the rest of the junk fall out . 
 `` sorry , '' i laughed . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 he helped me stuff everything back in hurriedly , but something caught my eye . 
 the car was registered to eric wilke of westchester , il . 
 `` who 's eric ? '' 
 evan took the paper and slipped it inside a folio . 
 `` my brother . '' 
 `` you have a brother , too ? 
 jesus . '' 
 i sat back . 
 `` evan , eric , and elizabeth . 
 am i missing anyone ? '' 
 his eyes were cloudy . 
 he did n't look at me . 
 god , another dead sibling ? 
 or just another sad story he did n't want to tell ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , feeling like an idiot . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i 'll tell you about him sometime . '' 
 but not tonight , apparently . 
 the highway at night looked like a movie flashing past us in fast forward , all the lights receding , out of reach . 
 autumn was spreading its golden disease through the woods , midas trailing his fingers over the treetops . 
 dying things became extraordinarily beautiful at the very end . 
 i pressed my hand against the window , the ring gleaming . 
 where was the lens between me and the world ? 
 was it my eyes , my skin , my mind ? 
 where did reality stop and my perception of it begin ? 
 suddenly , horribly , i missed wesley . 
 i felt too embarrassed to talk to evan about shit like this . 
 wesley was just a boy . 
 i did n't care what he thought of me . 
 `` maise , '' evan said . 
 i turned to him . 
 `` if things do n't work out with your mom , and you need somewhere to go , you can stay with me . '' 
 cardiac arrest . 
 `` you have options . 
 bad ones , maybe . 
 maybe they 're a little like the premise of an after-school special . 
 but they 're options . '' 
 i stared at him , every muscle in me slack . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` what is an after-school special ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 he knew i was trying to make him feel old . 
 `` i 'm also thinking the night i met you was like someone handed me a winning lottery ticket and said , ` you can only have it if you do n't tell anyone . ' '' 
 he gave me a sad smile . 
 `` i feel like that too . '' 
 `` do you start to wonder if it 's even real ? '' 
 `` all the time . 
 like maybe i made you up when i got on that rollercoaster . '' 
 `` you could 've imagined me with fewer problems , '' i said . 
 `` you must be real , then . '' 
 i tapped my fingers on the window . 
 `` can we stop somewhere ? 
 i need to pick up some rat poison to feed mom . '' 
 it was actually getting close to my period , and i was out of tampons . 
 we pulled up at a walgreens when we got into town , parking in the far corner of the lot , just in case . 
 back to the espionage game . 
 i swallowed my pride and asked to borrow money . 
 `` just until i get a job , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll keep track of every cent . '' 
 `` you do n't have to worry about it . '' 
 `` i want to worry about it . 
 i want to be equal in this with you . '' 
 `` you are . '' 
 we stared at each other in the dark car . 
 why did this bother me so much ? 
 because i did n't want to give him any excuse to see me as a teenager ? 
 but i was a teenager . 
 maybe i was the first girl he 'd given a ring to , but he was my first everything . 
 he handed me some bills . 
 `` besides , '' i said , `` if you 're going to insist on protection , i at least get to pick . '' 
 i jumped out before he could respond . 
 the store was deserted , bright lights blasting , some swoony radio singer pouring her heart out to the emptiness . 
 no one at the register . 
 i dawdled in the aisles , not wanting the night to end yet . 
 it felt ridiculously erotic to browse through the condom section . 
 a man turned into the aisle , saw me , and turned right around . 
 i laughed . 
 that 's right , i thought . 
 i 'm a gorgeous teenage girl buying condoms for my boyfriend to f ** k me with . 
 can you handle that ? 
 guess not . 
 i dumped my stuff on the counter at the register . 
 still no cashier . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i would like to exchange money for goods and services . '' 
 there was someone back there after all . 
 he 'd been kneeling , shelving cigarettes . 
 at my voice he stood up , all six-foot-three of him . 
 wesley brown . 
 our eyes locked , wide with surprise . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` hey . '' 
 we stood there like morons . 
 `` you work here , '' i said stupidly . 
 `` well done , captain obvious . '' 
 his words were mocking , but his voice was gentle . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 mine was dry and twisted . 
 i missed you like crazy , i wanted to say . 
 why are n't we friends ? 
 this is stupid . 
 instead i just stood there . 
 wesley glanced at the counter . 
 so did i . 
 we both looked at the box of condoms , then back at each other . 
 this time his mouth hung open a little while my face turned traffic light red . 
 he scanned the box . 
 i stared at his hands , mortified . 
 he said some numbers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i shook myself . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 our skin brushed when i handed him a bill . 
 my ring flashed so brightly i swear it made a little ping sound . 
 wesley stared at it , then shoved the money into the till . 
 he laid my change on the counter . 
 `` wesley , '' i said , not knowing where to go after that . 
 `` have a nice night , '' he deadpanned . 
 i walked out of the store . 
 it felt twenty degrees colder outside . 
 when i reached the car , i opened my door and leaned on it , not getting in . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 evan said . 
 i grabbed my backpack , stuffing the shopping bag inside . 
 `` wesley works here . 
 i 'm going to wait until his shift 's over and ambush him . '' 
 evan raised his eyebrows dubiously . 
 `` he 's ambushed me enough times . 
 turnabout 's fair play . '' 
 i knelt on the seat . 
 `` i 'll get a ride home , okay ? '' 
 `` you sure about this ? '' 
 i kissed him . 
 `` nope . 
 but i have to try . '' 
 `` text me when you get home . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 we looked at each other in the weak , watery car light . 
 this is the part in the script where three words go . 
 `` i 'll miss you , '' i said . 
 not the right three words . 
 he brushed my cheek with his knuckles . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` i 'll still miss you . '' 
 he kissed me again , pulling me farther in , and i climbed across the seat to kiss him like i had when he drove me home in the rain , urgent , desperate , losing myself in him . 
 this will be different now , i thought . 
 i 'll see you in class and remember what you told me , how every time you look at me you imagine everything we 've done and everything we 're going to do . 
 how am i supposed to get through the week ? 
 how am i supposed to sit still with this supernova inside me ? 
 we pulled away from each other . 
 say it , i thought . 
 you have to say it first . 
 but he already had . 
 it was on my finger , saying itself constantly . 
 cheater . 
 `` good night , mr. wilke , '' i said . 
 i sat on a curb in a pool of whiskey-colored light , skipping gravel and shards of broken glass across the asphalt . 
 the storm front had finally broken , tatters of cloud pulling apart like cotton candy and sprinkling the sky with the bright sugar grains of stars . 
 it felt like one of those timeless nights , not any season or year in particular , simply a snapshot of twenty-first century loneliness . 
 far away a train horn wailed , a sound out of a post-apocalyptic landscape . 
 i felt like the last person alive on earth . 
 half an hour later , wesley exited from a side door and immediately froze . 
 we faced each other across the lot . 
 he started toward me , and i stood . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` saving our friendship . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` there 's nothing to save . '' 
 `` do n't be an a ** hole . '' 
 he reached me and stopped , shaking his head . 
 in the harsh orange light his features looked stark , mask-like . 
 `` what do you want , maise ? 
 you want to taunt me some more about your awesome love life ? '' 
 `` i never taunted you . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i took a step toward him . 
 `` look , shit got weird . 
 it 's not the end of the world . 
 i miss you , okay ? '' 
 `` you miss having an audience . '' 
 `` that 's completely un - '' `` you know what i realized ? '' 
 he pointed a finger at me , damning . 
 `` i 'm not your fanboy . 
 i 'm not some sycophant who follows you around and pets your ego when you need it . 
 if you really want to be friends , it has to be equal . '' 
 my mouth dropped . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 wesley 's eyes narrowed beneath his fringe of dark hair . 
 `` i was n't treating you like an equal . 
 i 'm a jerk . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he shrugged and glanced away , uncomfortable with winning . 
 we stood there awkwardly . 
 `` i 'm on my way home , '' he said . 
 `` is siobhan picking you up ? '' 
 `` i think i 'll just walk . '' 
 then he looked at me with a tiny glint of hopefulness in his eyes , and my heart lifted . 
 `` i think i 'll just walk , too , '' i said . 
 `` it 's a free country . '' 
 we did n't go home , but headed for the water tower . 
 we walked on the dirt shoulders of roads , past fields shredded to flinders from the harvest , a billion matchsticks strewn across the earth . 
 in the cold starlight they looked like scenes of massacre . 
 i was shivering , and when i stopped to pull a sweater out of my bag , wesley crouched beside me . 
 `` did he give you that ring ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he flicked a pebble into the road . 
 `` is it ` e ? ' '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i swallowed as the silence stretched . 
 if he 'd asked me right then , is it mr. wilke ? 
 , i would have told him the truth . 
 but he did n't ask anything else . 
 `` when did you get the job ? '' 
 i said as we walked on . 
 `` i started wednesday . '' 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` i can feel my neurons dying . 
 this week was boring as shit . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` trade you my week . '' 
 he glanced at me guardedly . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i told him about mom and mr. rivero , and his eyes got progressively bigger until he looked like an anime character . 
 when i got to the part about st. louis , i told him that , too . 
 not the details , but the gist . 
 i 'm seeing an older man . 
 i 'm ecstatic and terrified at the same time . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't tell you , because the truth is , i was n't ready to accept it myself . 
 it 's only now starting to feel real . 
 we reached the reservoir then , which gave us an excuse to let the conversation die . 
 i dropped my bag and followed wesley up the ladder . 
 our legs dangled off the platform , and when he lit up the familiar smell of sulfur and cloves made my throat sting . 
 `` fair 's closing soon , '' he said . 
 `` maybe i have time to die on a rollercoaster before i get shot . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` maybe they 'll shoot me on a rollercoaster . '' 
 wesley ashed an arc of sparks into the night . 
 `` that would actually be kind of awesome . '' 
 `` the end of my life would be ` kind of awesome ? ' '' 
 `` you really think they 're coming for you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 sometimes i over-dramatize . '' 
 `` you ? 
 no . '' 
 i stabbed a finger into his ribs . 
 `` but i think gary 's going to ask me to do something i do n't want to do . '' 
 `` what if he does ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe there 's an after-school special that says what to do when a druglord propositions you . '' 
 wesley frowned . 
 `` what 's an after-school special ? '' 
 i started laughing , and it caught like wildfire , sweeping through me . 
 god , what a ridiculous world . 
 i lay back , giddy , laughing at the sky . 
 wesley raised his eyebrows , but a grin crept over his mouth . 
 `` are you in love with me ? '' 
 i said impulsively . 
 the grin fell . 
 he managed to maintain eye contact , but he looked like he was staring at a wild dog , hoping it would n't bite . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just like you . '' 
 `` still ? '' 
 `` i dunno . 
 yeah . '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` i can deal with that , if you can . 
 and if you can respect me being in a relationship . '' 
 he averted his face . 
 i touched his hand , carefully . 
 not too intimate , but not some half-assed there-there pat , either . 
 would he understand ? 
 usually the thought process for a seventeen-year-old boy went girl touching me > omg > boner . 
 but if he wanted me to treat him as an equal , he 'd need to deal with complicated , uncomfortable adult feelings , too . 
 `` i like you , '' i said , `` as a friend . 
 and i kind of like flirting with you , too , but i like flirting with everyone . 
 that 's who i am . 
 you get it , right ? 
 because that stuff about filming me-it weirds me out . 
 i ca n't be your manic pixie dream girl . 
 i ca n't be the girl who teaches you how to open your heart and embrace life and all that bullshit , because i 'm trying to figure out how to do that myself . 
 i need a manic pixie dream boy of my own . '' 
 i let go of his hand and he stared at me , and i worried that this was pointless , that i was trying to explain quantum mechanics to someone who thought gravity was just apples falling . 
 but then he nodded , slowly . 
 `` that actually makes a lot of sense , '' he said . 
 `` i never thought about it like that . '' 
 `` that girls are human , too ? '' 
 `` that you 're human . '' 
 i flicked his ear . 
 he chuckled . 
 and just like that , we were friends again . 
 we stayed up in the crow 's nest for a while , shooting the shit . 
 i texted evan so he would n't think i 'd run into an axe murderer , and wesley watched . 
 not my phone , but my face , my body language . 
 `` what it 's like with him ? '' 
 he said quietly . 
 i lay back on the planks , bouncing my heels on the edge . 
 `` intense , '' i finally said . 
 `` good or bad ? '' 
 `` good . 
 amazingly good . 
 and also weird , and scary , and beautiful . 
 all at the same time , in equal measure . '' 
 `` are you in love with him ? '' 
 i rolled my head on the plank to look at wesley . 
 `` i do n't think i know what being in love is yet . 
 but this is different than anything i 've ever felt . '' 
 `` what 's it feel like ? '' 
 `` remember when you thought i was jumping off to kill myself ? '' 
 he winced . 
 `` it 's like that , '' i said . 
 `` but no one catches you . 
 you 're just hanging over infinity . '' 
 -7 - october was the longest month . 
 not in days , but in the way the hours dragged as we tilted farther away from the sun , the shadows stretching longer and longer , curving thin blue fingers over the earth . 
 there was an indian summer , a blush of heat and a warm wind stirring the gold foil leaves . 
 one hot afternoon i jumped into wesley 's pool with all my clothes on , the water deliciously cool beneath the skin of sunlight on the surface . 
 he took his shirt off and jumped in after me , particolored leaves swirling around us like kaleidoscope pieces . 
 siobhan stopped by to laugh and offer towels . 
 wesley tried to pull her in , and she casually threatened to remove him from her will . 
 when we climbed out there was the obligatory pause when we saw each other soaking wet , his long hairless torso glazed with water , my shirt molded to my boobs . 
 i smiled ; he did n't . 
 siobhan helped dry my hair and caught my hand , raising the ring to the falling sun . 
 i could n't read the look she gave me . 
 it seemed deeply knowing . 
 at first evan and i were careful , saving everything for the weekends . 
 no making out between classes . 
 no trysts in motels . 
 he called every night , and when i was n't talking to him i sent him the absolute filthiest texts i 'd ever sent in my life . 
 that second weekend at the loft , we only ventured outdoors once . 
 we spent two days straight hav ** g s * x and watching movies and talking and laughing and kissing in a hazy , dreamy montage , until finally we stumbled out into the indigo twilight , delirious and exhausted , blinking at the lights and cars and the speed of life as if we 'd just come out of a hundred-year sleep . 
 we bought italian ice and walked along the riverfront , watching the boat lights drift like floating candles , marveling at the bridges stretching across that thick , strong vein of water . 
 the mississippi was calm but the calm was snake-like , a vast power momentarily relaxed . 
 october 19th was evan 's birthday . 
 the night he turned thirty-three , we ate sushi at a place near the cathedral basilica . 
 the cathedral looked like an illustration from a storybook , almost every inch of it lined with mosaic tiles scintillating in the candlelight . 
 i wore the sundress he 'd seen in that shop window , and eyeshadow , and flat little-girl shoes , refusing to be pigeonholed into an age group . 
 he wore his pinstripe shirt and tie , looking more like mr. wilke than evan . 
 it was the first time i 'd had sushi , and the only real conclusion i drew was that it was very sensual . 
 like eating something still alive . 
 when we staggered into the haunted elevator later , tipsy on sake , i did something else for the first time : i gave him a blowjob . 
 his body melted in my hands , his fingers running through my hair softly , so softly , every part of him boyish and submissive except for the hard dick in my mouth . 
 another experience that was purely sensual . 
 i swallowed when he came , warm saltiness in the back of my throat , the faint taste of the sea . 
 he pulled me up and kissed me , and i said , `` happy birthday , mr. wilke . '' 
 i told wesley i wanted to work on my own project for film studies , and he agreed . 
 but we shot videos together , too , just for the f ** k of it : hiyam holding court with the mean girls , causing one of them to run off in tears . 
 two boys , both in varsity football , kissing under the bleachers , muscular silhouettes merging against the deep purple sky . 
 i was n't the only one with a secret . 
 in the grand scheme of things , my secret was n't even as dangerous as some of theirs . 
 one day at lunch , half the cafeteria ran out into the hall , and we caught the tail end of a fight in front of a locker where someone had scrawled cock sucking fag in sharpie . 
 some days i lied to wesley and skipped lunch . 
 i locked evan 's classroom door so i could touch him . 
 only touch . 
 we never had sex in school-that would be too insane , obviously . 
 i had standards for my insanity . 
 but i kissed him and ran my hands over his body , the hardness against his leg , until he said , `` do n't make me do this . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 i said , and he answered , `` something i 'll regret . '' 
 so i started over , touching his face , his lips , kissing him , and we tormented each other until the bell rang . 
 some nights he called me and i biked to his apartment , let myself in with the key he gave me , darting quick glances over my shoulder , and met him in his dark bedroom where we took our clothes off without speaking and f ** ked like it was the last time , quiet and desperate , breathing in each other 's ears as we exorcised the demons inside us . 
 when it was done i would kiss him and leave without a word , looking over my shoulder again as i biked home , my brain on high alert but my heart calm . 
 in my own bed i lay staring at the monster shadows on the ceiling , clawing , seething . 
 sometimes i saw watchers in them . 
 sometimes i saw myself . 
 `` do you still have a crush on mr. wilke ? '' 
 wesley asked , and i just looked at him , expressionless . 
 in mirrors , i saw someone new . 
 a feral girl with electric eyes . 
 she was beautiful , her mouth lush and maroon , her skin glowing like moonlit alabaster , but there was something a little off about her . 
 at certain angles , her bones showed through the skin . 
 shadows made hollows in her ribs and cheeks . 
 she was starving for something , and the more she ate of it , the thinner she became . 
 `` what if you 're wrong ? '' 
 i asked wesley . 
 `` what if the dopamine rush does n't end ? 
 what if it keeps coming and coming until - '' what ? 
 what came next ? 
 i thought of mom lying on the living room floor . 
 the more you took , the more you needed . 
 and you 'd keep taking more and more and more until you overdosed . 
 i 'd failed my promise to confront a fear during september , unless starting a relationship with someone i actually cared about counted . 
 if not , october was going to count double . 
 so i sat at the kitchen table , waiting for mom . 
 i 'd come prepared : bank statement , printout of the trust paperwork , and my house keys , all neatly arranged before me . 
 upstairs , my bags were packed . 
 i 'd left the new clothes in the closet . 
 turned out i need n't have bothered . 
 as soon as she walked in on me wearing my very special episode face , she dropped her purse on the floor , sank into a chair , and started bawling . 
 for god 's sake , i thought . 
 i stared at the laminate tabletop , counting the cigarette burns . 
 something slithery twisted in my chest . 
 look at the cabinet doors . 
 picture what 's behind them : stale soda crackers , peanut butter , marijuana . 
 i was probably the only kid at school completely uninterested in drugs . 
 jesus , her face looked like a wax dummy melting . 
 do n't give in . 
 do n't give in . 
 i gritted my teeth , scooted my chair back , and fetched the paper towels . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , babe , '' she blubbered . 
 the paper towel took half her face with it : magenta clown mouth , centipede eyelashes . 
 `` i f ** ked up . 
 i really did . '' 
 be hard and cold as steel , i told myself . 
 `` you knew why mr. rivero wanted to see me . '' 
 she mewled some kind of denial . 
 `` you were trying to pimp me out to him , '' i said . 
 flinty , brittle steel . 
 `` do you have any idea how disgusting you are ? '' 
 she had the nerve to raise her face with indignation . 
 `` gary has money . 
 lots of money . 
 he could take care of us . 
 of you . '' 
 `` i do n't need taking care of . '' 
 `` that why you 're running around with older men ? '' 
 `` do n't even , '' i said . 
 i could n't finish the sentence . 
 `` i seen that man you 're with . 
 drives an old beater . 
 you can do better . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 `` i can not believe how f ** king clueless you are . '' 
 `` you ai n't so smart yourself , babe . 
 you 're giving it away for free like a stupid milk cow . '' 
 i slammed my hand on the table , the ring pinging like crystal . 
 ashes puffed out of the terracotta pot . 
 `` shut your mouth , '' i said . 
 she stood , making me back up . 
 `` or what ? 
 what you gon na do ? '' 
 there was fire in me , and for the moment , that fire was stronger than the fear . 
 `` i 'll walk out that door and you 'll never see me again . 
 i 'm eighteen . 
 i do n't have to put up with your shit . '' 
 mom laughed , a throaty , ugly sound . 
 `` yeah , you 're eighteen . 
 that means i do n't got to put up with your shit , either . '' 
 `` so do n't , '' i yelled . 
 my hands were tingling . 
 my accent slipped out , and i did n't care . 
 `` throw me on the street . 
 then you can finally have your empty house , and your gross men , and your f ** king drugs . 
 and when the police come , no one 's gon na bail you out . 
 no one 's gon na sit at home waiting for you , because no one else cares about you , you stupid bitch . '' 
 the windows seemed to rattle from my voice . 
 the kitchen light dimmed , a flux in the current , but it felt like it was in response to me . 
 i 'd never stood up to her like this . 
 `` you know the worst thing ? '' 
 i said , stepping closer . 
 `` it 's not that you put my life in danger . 
 you did that the day i was born . 
 no , the worst thing was stealing my money . 
 the money nan gave me for college , so i could make a future for myself instead of turning out like you . '' 
 i saw the precise moment her pride cracked . 
 the moment she stopped being my forty-year-old mother and became a teenage girl , screaming i do n't want to turn out like you at her own mother . 
 her bloodshot eyes widened , lucid green finally showing . 
 the leathery folds of her face smoothed out with shock . 
 for a moment we probably looked more like each other than we had in years . 
 my body trembled . 
 i scrubbed a hand across my eyes , smearing hot tears . 
 so much for cold steel . 
 `` oh , babe , '' she said . 
 her head was nodding slightly , repeatedly , the way you 'd rock yourself for comfort . 
 `` it 's been real hard for me , too . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' i said , crying . 
 `` you were supposed to take care of me . 
 be the adult . 
 for once , be the f ** king adult , mom . '' 
 `` you do n't know what it was like , '' she said . 
 her breath stuttered . 
 jesus , if we both start crying , i am really going to lose it , i thought . 
 `` i put myself through shit i never want to think about again , all to make sure you had food to eat and a place to sleep and clothes to wear . '' 
 `` it was n't all for me . 
 half your money goes to buy the drugs you 're supposed to be selling . '' 
 `` you think it 's easy , living like this ? 
 you think i want to live this kind of life sober ? '' 
 i thought of the men she 'd installed on our living room couch . 
 the kind of men who 'd touch a twelve-year-old . 
 if they were that brazen with me , what kind of shit had they done to her ? 
 i 'd seen some of her scars . 
 there was a long sharktooth ripple just below her collarbone . 
 car door caught me , she 'd said . 
 and a puckered dimple on one thigh . 
 dropped a cigarette lighter . 
 sometimes she came home with shiners . 
 got mixed up in a bar brawl . 
 key to making your mother the villain : believing the lies she told to spare you . 
 `` you could 've been normal , '' i said . 
 `` plenty of single moms work at mcdonald 's and do n't smoke crystal . '' 
 `` it ai n't that simple . 
 you do n't know what being addicted is like . '' 
 instinctively , unthinkingly , i said , `` yes i do . '' 
 and i stared at her , my mouth hanging open , thinking , yes , i do . 
 `` well , then , i pray you do n't turn out like me , '' she said , sniffling . 
 `` i pray you get away from here and start a new life and do something good . '' 
 my tears had stopped , but my face was still wet . 
 `` you ca n't get the money you owe , can you ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying , babe . 
 but it do n't look good . '' 
 `` so it 's up to me to bail us both out . 
 again . '' 
 we stared at each other in our dismal little kitchen where no one cooked , and no friends came to visit , and meth was cut on the table late at night . 
 `` you must really hate me , huh ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` no . '' 
 i took a deep breath , wiped my cheeks with my hand . 
 `` if i thought you could change , i 'd hate you for not trying . '' 
 i looked her dead in the eye . 
 `` but this is who you are . 
 you 're a liar , and a thief , and a junkie . 
 i do n't hate you , mom . 
 i 'm disappointed in you . '' 
 i unpacked my bags and stayed up until 2 a.m. responding to job ads on craigslist . 
 in the back of my mind , i knew i could stay with evan , or maybe wesley and siobhan . 
 but mom 's shamelessness and weakness of will had led me to become the opposite : stubborn and proud . 
 too proud to ask for help , even when i needed it most . 
 especially when i needed it most . 
 i 'll do this on my own , i told myself . 
 i 'll stay here till she throws me out , and make back every penny she stole , and work something out with mr. rivero . 
 i 'm smart , i 'm resilient-i had to be , to raise myself without functional parents . 
 i 'll figure it out . 
 and when i do , i 'll leave and never look back . 
 of course , in my eighteen-year-old brain , leaving implicitly entailed bringing evan and wesley and even siobhan , as if i could transplant everything i still loved about this place to a new one , where only the bad things would be erased . 
 i did n't think , how will i hold on to them ? 
 i only thought , i have to get away from her . 
 a few days before halloween , i skipped lunch with wesley to see evan . 
 the minute i locked his door , he pushed me against the wall and put his mouth to my neck . 
 it was n't so much a kiss as a display of hunger , his stubble scraping my skin , his teeth nipping , not gently . 
 i leaned my head back and looked out the windows at the world deconstructing , leaves coming off the trees in flurries , everything baring itself to be ravished by winter . 
 hello , visual metaphor . 
 later , i would understand what drove us to screw up that day . 
 that the more complicated and f ** ked-up my life became , the more i wanted to shut out reality and lose myself in him . 
 that he was doing the same with me , for reasons i did n't yet know . 
 but in the moment , i just wanted to be ravished . 
 evan took my jaw in one hand and made me look at him . 
 his body was close , the scent of suede and faint smoke , like a snuffed candlewick , flooding over me . 
 the mere smell of him made something in me unlace , opening itself . 
 `` come over tonight , '' he said . 
 i laid my palm on his chest as if to push him away , but let it slide down instead , over his tensed abdomen , to his fly . 
 `` that 's so far away , '' i said languorously , drawing the words out . 
 his eyes focused on my mouth . 
 i unbuttoned his jeans and froze . 
 we were both breathing fast . 
 we 'd never done anything more than make out in school . 
 being discovered here was death . 
 but there he stood , rock hard , not stopping me . 
 `` should n't you tell me this is a bad idea ? '' 
 i whispered , cupping my hand over the erection in his jeans . 
 `` i thought you were a responsible adult . '' 
 `` i thought you were . '' 
 i felt a little out-of-body right then . 
 like things were n't entirely in my control , including my own skin . 
 when i smiled , it felt like someone else smiling with my face . 
 my voice seemed to come from somewhere outside of me , like ventriloquism . 
 i brushed my lips ever so lightly over his ear , and said , `` i 'm a girl who wants to be f ** ked by her teacher . '' 
 his dick strained against his fly . 
 `` is the door locked ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he slipped his hand between my legs . 
 i wore jeans , too , and his heat radiated through the tight denim and seeped into my blood . 
 we 'd done this so many times now it should n't have felt so new . 
 it should n't have made my heart go haywire , fluttering wildly , erratically , as if he 'd never touched me before . 
 but he had n't . 
 not as mr. wilke , not here . 
 this was what we kept dancing around . 
 that no matter who we were outside , in here we were teacher and student . 
 his other hand slid inside the waist of my jeans . 
 where our skin met felt like nerves short-circuiting , fuses popping . 
 it filled my belly with static and made me lift up onto my toes , my back arching against the whiteboard . 
 the class was dark , but all someone had to do was peer through the pane in the door and see mr. wilke pressing a student to the board . 
 he unbuttoned my fly at the same time his thumb rubbed firmly against the crotch of my jeans and i clutched his collar , gasping . 
 no wrapping myself around him . 
 avoid anything identifiable from this angle . 
 he pulled my zipper down slowly and it felt like he was opening my skin . 
 then he stopped . 
 his palm rested atop my belly . 
 `` we do this every day and no one notices , '' i whispered . 
 `` no one will notice if we go a little farther . '' 
 i started to unzip him and he grabbed my hand . 
 moved it to my side , held it there , and put his other hand inside my underwear . 
 my pulse trilled . 
 i looked up at him and his face was blurry with shadow . 
 `` let me touch you , '' i said . 
 `` shut your mouth . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 my breath was coming so , so fast . 
 hot fingers glided over the smooth coolness of my skin , slipping lower until they reached the part of me that burned , too . 
 he put his mouth near my ear . 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 i did , my heart wild . 
 he was telling me what to do , like a teacher . 
 my teacher . 
 he traced me , light and soft , sending ribbons of electricity up into my belly . 
 my jeans were so tight that his palm rubbed against my cl * t every time he moved . 
 god , f ** king sweet agony . 
 when his finger finally parted my lips i was so wet it slid along the inner edge effortlessly , and i sighed , half miserable , half blissful . 
 adrenaline sizzled in my veins . 
 i was waiting for footsteps in the hall , a knock at the door , a gasping face . 
 it felt so f ** king wrong to be doing this , so gloriously f ** king wrong . 
 i tried to move my arm and his grip tightened , pinning me to the board . 
 he was so slow , so meticulous it drove me crazy , tracing , teasing , until i realized i 'd bared my teeth and was grimacing at him , and when he slid his finger inside of me it felt like a pain being soothed , a raw place being pressed closed . 
 i almost told him to stop . 
 anxiety and tension and want were mixing in an unpleasant way . 
 but as his finger f ** ked me the anxiety sweetened , and i wrapped a fist in his shirt and raised my h * ps toward his hand , and he lowered his face to my mouth and said , `` you feel so f ** king good , '' but did n't kiss me , just shared my breath . 
 he went in to the knuckle , and then he slid another finger inside , and i put my palms against the whiteboard and tried not to cry out . 
 i thought of the class that had been here twenty minutes ago , wesley and hiyam and the rest of them sitting ten feet from where we stood now , not knowing mr. wilke and i f ** ked the shit out of each other almost every day , not knowing he was going to f ** k me right here while their chairs were still warm , that i was going to come in the same place he 'd stood and lectured , that i was going to come all over that big , gentle hand inside of me . 
 and then it happened . 
 the knock . 
 we both stiffened . 
 i was so close to coming i did n't care , i just wanted to finish , but he pulled out and for a moment i was fully capable of murdering the person at the door . 
 we did n't move , our breath grotesquely loud in the silence . 
 god , had i been making noise ? 
 i was n't even sure . 
 `` maybe they 'll go , '' i whispered . 
 the knock came again , slower . 
 almost mocking . 
 i shivered . 
 evan buttoned up , wiped his hand on his jeans , and i did the same . 
 i smoothed his shirt and he straightened my hair . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' he said . 
 the knock again . 
 he turned and walked to the door . 
 there was nowhere i could hide-everything was open , revealed . 
 i stood beside his desk , my chin up . 
 i felt the radiant flush emanating from my skin and knew there was no masking it . 
 own it , i told myself . 
 they 're less likely to suspect if you act like you 've done nothing wrong . 
 the door opened , and even in the dimness i could make her out . 
 `` hiyam , '' evan said clearly , for my benefit . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 her eyes darted past him straight to me . 
 not a flicker of surprise . 
 `` i did n't know you were in here , '' she said . 
 i was n't sure which of us she meant . 
 `` i 'm with another student , '' evan said . 
 it should n't have stung , but i was still jacked and frazzled and suddenly i hated those words . 
 i was not just another student . 
 `` with the lights out , '' hiyam . 
 `` and the door locked . '' 
 not questions . 
 `` we were just on our way out , '' evan said calmly . 
 hiyam stepped into the room . 
 `` good thing i caught you , then . '' 
 neither of us missed the double entendre . 
 `` i need to talk to you , mr. wilke . '' 
 `` it 's not really a great time . 
 how about - '' `` oh , '' she said with faux coyness , `` am i interrupting something ? '' 
 my jaw hardened . 
 this bitch . 
 she f ** king knew , though she probably could n't guess how far it had gone . 
 probably thought she 'd interrupted a chaste little kiss . 
 whispered words of self-denial . 
 smell his hand , i wanted to tell her . 
 `` we were just discussing the semester project . 
 maise had some questions . '' 
 hiyam strolled up a row of desks toward me , trailing her hand over them . 
 `` i thought we were n't allowed to ask you any questions about it . '' 
 evan caught my eye from across the room . 
 he finally looked alarmed . 
 i understood . 
 leave . 
 give her less ammunition . 
 `` i 'll be going , '' i said flatly . 
 `` thanks for the help , mr. wilke . '' 
 hiyam paused , watching us with cool amusement . 
 `` any time , '' he said . 
 his voice and face were vacant . 
 i walked past him and out of the room , wishing i could scream . 
 `` tell me again who knows , '' he said . 
 he stood at his bedroom window , blinds shut . 
 he looked like harrison ford in the fugitive . 
 just add prison jumpsuit and oncoming train . 
 a lamp cast a brooding glow over us , flickering fretfully . 
 i 'd had to argue for five minutes before he let me turn it on . 
 i leaned my palms on the bed , sighing . 
 we 'd been over this a hundred times . 
 `` no one , '' i said . 
 `` britt saw us at the party . '' 
 `` she saw you taking a drunk student home . '' 
 `` wesley knows about ` e. ' '' `` wesley can barely focus on anything but my tits . 
 and he 's my friend . 
 he wo n't say anything . '' 
 evan rocked on his toes , not looking at me . 
 `` hiyam saw . 
 she was taunting us . '' 
 i stood and moved toward him . 
 `` hiyam 's had a crush on you since the first day of school . 
 she told me at homecoming . 
 besides , she has a filthy mind . '' 
 i touched his forearm , ran my fingers over the soft gold hair . 
 `` even if we were n't sleeping together , she 'd think we were . '' 
 it was terrible , but now that the immediate danger had passed , the idea of people knowing excited me . 
 without proof , they could n't do shit . 
 it was right there under their noses and they could n't pin anything to us . 
 he never touched me , principal boyle . 
 that 's a filthy lie . 
 no , principal boyle , i never had sex in school with a teacher . 
 mr. wilke is a great teacher , principal boyle . 
 he 's taught me so much about cinema , and life , and myself . 
 about my body . 
 about how f ** king amazing he can make it feel . 
 of course , if i seriously thought we might be exposed , i 'd have cooled everything off . 
 i never wanted evan to lose his job and get branded with the student-seducer stigma . 
 but hiyam was all talk . 
 she still thought she could use me for a drug connection . 
 she would n't out us . 
 evan was n't convinced . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 he whispered , looking at me with a worryingly tragic face . 
 `` no one 's going to say anything . 
 we just have to be a little more careful . '' 
 `` maybe we should wait , maise . 
 until you 're out of school . '' 
 he had never , ever said this before . 
 the idea cut through me like a guillotine blade , splitting everything into cold halves . 
 `` you can not be serious , '' i said . 
 that pained look deepened . 
 i stepped closer , my body hovering against his , not quite making contact . 
 `` if you think you can stand looking and not touching for eight more months , you 're welcome to try . '' '' 
 ` try ' being the operative word , '' he said , sighing . 
 `` no , i ca n't . 
 and i do n't want to try . '' 
 `` but you 've thought of stopping this ? 
 of waiting ? '' 
 he sat in a chair near the lamp , his shoulders bowed . 
 `` what if i lost my job ? 
 what kind of life could i offer you ? '' 
 `` your part-time job teaching an art class ? 
 you did n't even want it . 
 you can do better , evan . 
 you could be an actor . '' 
 `` that 's a pipe dream . '' 
 `` every dream is a pipe dream before someone achieves it . '' 
 i leaned beside the blinds , looking up at the ceiling . 
 `` what if we went to la ? '' 
 i glanced at him without turning my head . 
 `` together ? '' 
 he did n't answer , but his posture became alert , attentive . 
 `` i know it 's expensive as hell . 
 but wesley 's sister lives out there , and he wants to go , too , after graduation . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` we could all rent a house together . 
 me and wesley will get jobs and go to college . 
 you could teach . 
 or you could audition for roles . 
 or-god , you 're f ** king gorgeous , maybe you could model . 
 i 'm sure some catalog needs hot guys to stand around in v-necks . '' 
 he laughed , softly . 
 `` and if it does n't work , if we run out of money and suck at everything , then we can always come back . 
 or go somewhere else . 
 or never see each other again . '' 
 `` come here , '' he said . 
 i went to him . 
 i sat in his lap , straddling his legs , his arms around my waist . 
 his hair had a reddish-bronze gleam in the lamplight . 
 those boyish features looked delicate sitting inside the hard , square lines of his jaw . 
 `` how long have we known each other ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` about two months . '' 
 sixty-eight days . 
 sixteen hundred-odd hours . 
 my entire life . 
 `` it feels like a lot longer , '' he said . 
 `` we did more with our time than most people do . '' 
 that polaroid smile . 
 `` i 'm crazy about you , maise o'malley . '' 
 another rift of light chiseled into the blood-red gem in my chest . 
 `` why do i think you 're about to say something i wo n't like ? '' 
 i said . 
 his smile turned tender , suspiciously regretful . 
 `` i want this to work . 
 but we ca n't do it like this . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we have to stop seeing each other in school . '' 
 my throat tightened . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have a class with you . '' 
 `` that can change . '' 
 was it just me , or did time stop for everybody ? 
 `` you want me to drop your class ? '' 
 i said in a small voice . 
 `` you can switch to another elective - '' `` i ca n't , evan . 
 i need that class on my transcript . '' 
 `` you do n't need it . 
 you can get in without it . '' 
 `` to a state school , maybe , '' i muttered . 
 something sharp and thin curled in my chest , like peeled metal . 
 it felt horrible . 
 i could not believe he was saying this . 
 he made me look at him . 
 `` i can write you a letter of recommendation . 
 i am your teacher . '' 
 uncomfortable pause . 
 it had never felt so awkward before . 
 i twisted away , swallowing the prickly burr in my throat . 
 `` i feel like you 're punishing me for something we both did . '' 
 `` it 's not punishment . 
 if i had my way , i 'd lock us in that classroom and throw away the f ** king key . 
 you 're right , maise . 
 i ca n't look without touching . '' 
 he stroked my face . 
 `` if they found out they 'd call you a victim and they 'd call me a predator and those labels would stick . 
 and i hate the thought of people pitying you and telling you how to feel . 
 they do n't know you like i do . 
 they do n't know what you 've been through , how strong you are . 
 i wo n't let them reduce all of that to some checkbox on a police report . '' 
 he breathed in , held it , breathed out slowly . 
 `` if it makes it easier for you , i 'll resign . 
 you have to be in that school . 
 i do n't . '' 
 my eyes were full of water . 
 it took superhuman willpower to keep from letting it go . 
 `` how would that make it easier ? 
 i 'd just miss you and feel like shit all the time . 
 and it 's not even about the credit , evan . 
 i like your class . 
 i 'm actually f ** king learning . '' 
 we stared at each other for a moment , wearing our absurdly pained tragedy masks . 
 then i started to laugh and cry at the same goddamn time . 
 evan touched my face again , kissing away my tears , laughing in a gentle , commiserating way . 
 and once he started kissing me he could n't stop . 
 he kissed my cheeks , my mouth , tilting my head , opening my jaw with his hand . 
 i tasted hot saline , the salt of my own tears . 
 all of my tension unraveled into beautiful chaos , a mess of sorrow and hurt and desire and tenderness , completely mixed up and completely mixing me up . 
 his tongue curled around mine and he kissed me like he wanted to draw out something deep , the breath from the bottom of my lungs , the blood from the innermost crypts of my heart , the essence of me . 
 when i pulled away , his arms tightened relentlessly around my back . 
 `` why do i need you like this ? '' 
 he said , his voice rasping . 
 i looked at his glassy , mercurial eyes , the haggard lines of want etched into his face , and said , `` because you 're addicted . '' 
 in the tranquil moments after sex , i hatched my plan . 
 `` let me finish the semester with you , '' i said . 
 i was sitting on the edge of the bed , nak * d , while evan lay tangled in the sheets . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` it 's only fair . 
 i need to finish my film so i can put it on college apps . 
 you would never jeopardize my future . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` you 're trying to manipulate me . '' '' 
 ` try ' being the operative word , '' i said , and he grabbed me around the waist and pulled me down while i squawked , indignant . 
 i failed to free myself and gave in , letting him pin my arms to the bed , and then his humor faded . 
 his expression became pensive . 
 `` maise , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm worried about the kind of relationship we 're developing . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to be your teacher if it 's all that 's driving this . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' i said immediately , but his hands tightened on my wrists . 
 `` it is , to some degree . 
 be honest . '' 
 `` do n't act like it 's all me . 
 you liked telling me what to do when you were f ** king me in class . '' 
 he breathed deeply . 
 lamplight ran up one side of his body , gilding the rungs of muscle over his ribs , his roped arms . 
 `` i did . 
 and that scares me a little . 
 we had something real before we became teacher and student . '' 
 `` this is n't real ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` it is . 
 of course it is . '' 
 he squeezed my hand , pressing the ring . 
 `` but even if everything goes perfectly , it wo n't last forever . 
 it 's over in june , one way or another . 
 and i do n't want it to end . 
 i want to keep you . 
 i want to hold on and never let you go . '' 
 no one in my life had ever said anything like this to me . 
 i felt disembodied again , but this time because my body was too full to contain me , too crowded with light and stars and shimmering galaxies like pinwheels studded with diamonds , spinning their brilliance into the void without caring whether it would ever be seen , just needing to shine . 
 the bed beneath me was cloud , my skin a sheet of moonlight lying atop it . 
 and this man , this amazing , impossible man , was the sun . 
 `` you ca n't , though , '' i said , trying to defuse the intensity . 
 `` remember ? 
 you ca n't hold on to a shooting star . '' 
 he smiled , looked away . 
 released me . 
 `` besides , '' i said in as light a voice as i could manage , `` you ca n't dump me as your student yet . 
 you still have n't shown me casablanca . '' 
 `` promise not to mock me if i cry ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` heartless . '' 
 i blew on my nails and rubbed them on the sheet . 
 evan laughed , and tackled me , and wrestled me still and kissed me and started the entire cycle all over again , my numb and tired body somehow rekindling , quickening , giving itself up to him . 
 and the whole time i wondered , if you were n't my teacher , who would you be ? 
 in his class on halloween that thursday , i felt hot , feverish . 
 not in a good way , but with a curl of nausea in my stomach , a feeling like my body was moving too fast , about to slam into something . 
 i could n't look at him . 
 i could n't look at the whiteboard where he 'd held me and put his fingers inside of me . 
 i could n't look at hiyam , her smug eyes glazed with knowing . 
 so i spent the period staring out the windows . 
 everything was flame shades of tangerine and pomegranate , ripeness on the brink of decay , and when the wind rippled the leaves they looked like a mosaic of fire , like the walls of the cathedral basilica . 
 the bell rang and i sighed in relief , following wesley out . 
 `` you 're actually coming to lunch ? '' 
 he said . 
 cortana and master chief walked past , stopping for a group pic with spock and kirk . 
 we were allowed to wear costumes as long as they were n't `` disruptive . '' 
 i held wesley 's gaze . 
 for a moment i could imagine not being in evan 's class anymore as a good thing . 
 as freedom . 
 `` what are you doing tonight ? '' 
 i said . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` there 's a party i 'm thinking of hitting up . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 he glanced at me briefly , then away . 
 `` hiyam 's ? '' 
 i said , my voice rising . 
 `` so ? '' 
 he looked so ridiculous when he was embarrassed . 
 too much landmass to be self-effacing . 
 `` she invited me . '' 
 `` she invited you , '' i repeated . 
 `` she did n't invite me . '' 
 `` i guess you pissed her off . '' 
 `` well , have fun , '' i said , turning away . 
 he followed me down the hall . 
 `` maise , come on . 
 i just thought , since you 're always busy at night ... '' he trailed off . 
 neither of us looked at each other . 
 `` what are you doing tonight ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` this is the last night of the fair . 
 want to go ? '' 
 my turn to shrug . 
 `` you should , '' he said . 
 `` and i 'll show up and accidentally run into you . 
 we can do a meet-cute . '' 
 i glanced at him , amused , and also feeling a cold frisson of unease . 
 paranoia . 
 secrecy . 
 it was bleeding into every part of my life , staining everything . 
 `` you 'd ditch the princess of persia for me ? '' 
 i said . 
 he grinned his friendly wolf grin , and i thought , you are a better friend than i am . 
 it was cold that night , the sky layered with clouds , sheets of cirrus shifting and moving in parallax and occasionally opening like a lens to expose the stars . 
 siobhan drove us and i insisted she come with , which almost killed wesley . 
 the truth was that seeing the carnival up close again set off demolition charges in my chest , and i needed all the distraction i could get from the crumbling , collapsing feeling inside me . 
 it should have been us coming back here . 
 me and evan . 
 in the autumn chill , there was less drunken glee . 
 the laughter that rang around us was crisp and dry . 
 i wore skinny jeans and a hoodie , and whether i was too covered up or because they thought siobhan was my mom , no man tried to eye-fuck me . 
 i felt very young . 
 we rode the merry-go-round together , and i half-heartedly played tag with wesley while siobhan sat on a white tiger , laughing her chiming , melodious laugh . 
 i could see a glimpse of the girl she 'd been , savvy and self-possessed , full of mysterious humor . 
 she caught me staring at her and smiled . 
 `` let 's ride the rollercoaster , '' wesley said as he leapt off the platform . 
 i froze in my tracks . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 then he saw my face . 
 `` is the fearless maise o'malley actually scared ? '' 
 i 'm not scared , i thought . 
 it 's sacred . 
 `` bullying is grounds for disinheritance , '' siobhan said . 
 `` mom , this is not bullying . 
 it 's friendly concern . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid of heights , '' i lied . 
 it was the easiest way to shut him up . 
 but he gave me a funny look , and i thought of swinging out from the crow 's nest . 
 shit . 
 siobhan came to my rescue . 
 `` i feel a strong desire to be used as a human canvas . 
 you 're welcome to join me . '' 
 we all sat down , mercifully spared from talking as the face painters worked on us . 
 wesley got snake fangs at the corners of his mouth , and a freckling of scales . 
 i got a feline rim of kohl around my eyes and abstract whiskery scrolls on my cheeks . 
 but siobhan went full-out : a feathered mask across the bridge of her nose , complete with stick-on rhinestones and black lipstick . 
 wesley shook his head , embarrassed , but i beamed at her . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' i said sincerely . 
 her fingers grazed my ear . 
 `` sweet child . '' 
 as we walked through the game stalls , wesley leaned close and whispered , `` do you have a crush on my mom ? '' 
 i elbowed him in the ribs , hard . 
 but after a moment i whispered back , `` platonically . 
 you 're so lucky , and you do n't even appreciate it . '' 
 he scowled and walked ahead . 
 but he knew i was right . 
 the distraction did n't work as well as i 'd hoped . 
 in the funhouse , my reflection stretched out like taffy , a pale girl with haunted black-rimmed eyes and long empty hands . 
 i thought about how i was pulled between two selves : the normal one who went to school and hung out with her friend and his mom , and the secret one who conspired with drug dealers and slept with her teacher . 
 i found a broken mirror that split my face into picasso shards and lingered there , unable to look away . 
 he 'd warned me . 
 he 'd said it would be hard to deal with the secrecy . 
 and it was n't the secrecy itself that was difficult-it was that not talking about it made me question whether it was even real . 
 i was still a teenager , and part of being a teenager was constantly checking your answers against everyone else 's . 
 what did you get for number four ? 
 is falling in love with someone twice your age gross , weird , amazing , or all of the above ? 
 the secrecy insulated me in a vacuum-sealed bubble . 
 i could only ask myself , how does this feel ? 
 is this good ? 
 is this right ? 
 and the only answer i ever got was my own echo . 
 sometimes when i could n't sleep , i 'd google things . 
 is it wrong to have sex with your teacher ? 
 the answers were useless to me . 
 i was n't a minor . 
 i was n't being abused . 
 it had started before we ever set foot in school together , and it was technically legal . 
 what i really wanted was to read other people 's stories . 
 other girls and boys who 'd fallen for a teacher , and how it ended . 
 depressingly common tropes : power imbalance , surrogate parent figure , midlife crisis . 
 worse were the ones that ended when the parties realized taboo was all that held them together . 
 that was what we 'd finally been forced to confront : if our relationship was based on forbiddenness , what would happen when it was no longer forbidden ? 
 wesley and siobhan bought hot dogs loaded with ketchup and onions and relish , and i told them i had to hit the restroom . 
 really what i needed was a moment alone . 
 i wandered toward deathsnake , leaning on the railing and watching the cars click-clack up the track , hair whipping off the sides , voices carrying on the wind . 
 i had n't felt this lonely since the night i first met him . 
 `` maise , '' a warm voice said . 
 at first i thought i was hallucinating . 
 how the hell could he be here ? 
 but he walked up to me , squinting , smiling in surprise , a beautiful thing emerging from the blur of neon and smoke . 
 he wore a sweater with the sleeves rolled up , his hair raking messily above his forehead . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 we stared at each other . 
 his surprise was brightening into happiness . 
 `` it 's the last night , '' he said . 
 `` i had to come . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 we could n't have shown up together , but here we were anyway . 
 it was in the script . 
 evan peered at me strangely . 
 `` what is on your face ? 
 are those whiskers ? '' 
 `` i 'm a lion . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you are , are n't you ? 
 my little lioness . '' 
 all the loneliness and confusion i 'd felt minutes ago evaporated . 
 `` well , i am a leo . '' 
 `` you 're adorable . '' 
 he put a hand against my neck , slid it through my hair . 
 his voice dropped . 
 `` i missed you so much today . '' 
 too late , i said , `` evan , wesley 's here . '' 
 siobhan stepped up to the railing a few feet down from us , gorgeous and enigmatic in her painted mask , her dark crepe dress flowing around her like an extension of the night . 
 what was that expression ? 
 surprise ? 
 intrigue ? 
 `` hello , '' she said pleasantly . 
 `` maise , who 's your friend ? '' 
 evan turned , not knowing who she was , not getting enough distance from me . 
 and wesley appeared right on cue , gnawing on a giant pretzel and raising his eyebrows . 
 `` mr. wilke . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 i took a step away from him and knelt smoothly to tie a shoe that did n't need tying . 
 siobhan glided forward , smiling . 
 `` so this is the famous mr. wilke . '' 
 `` famous ? '' 
 evan said . 
 wesley groaned . 
 `` mom . '' 
 i stood up and her eyes swiveled from him to me . 
 they paused on me a moment . 
 i was n't imagining it . 
 fuck . 
 `` i 'm siobhan brown , '' she said , lifting her hand . 
 `` wesley 's mother , much to his dismay . '' 
 evan laughed graciously and took her hand . 
 `` evan wilke . 
 wesley 's teacher . '' 
 `` maise 's teacher too , '' wesley said . 
 evan glanced at me and said , `` right . '' 
 oh my god . 
 i should just make a run for it . 
 `` it 's so weird seeing you here , '' wesley said . 
 i felt i needed to say something , or my silence would become noticeable . 
 `` what , teachers ca n't have real lives ? '' 
 they all looked at me , and suddenly i wondered whether i 'd just blurted out the whole sordid confession . 
 we 're sleeping together . 
 he 's e. stop f ** king staring . 
 `` it 's not much of one , '' evan said , and smiled . 
 the incredible thing was that he could smile like i was just some student , some girl , and yet i saw the brief flare of warmth in his eyes , a secret message just for me . 
 you really are an actor , i thought . 
 `` good to see you guys , '' he said . 
 `` and so nice to meet you , ms. brown . '' 
 `` wait , '' wesley said , brandishing the stub of his pretzel , `` you 're leaving already ? '' 
 i could have decked him . 
 siobhan wore an appraising half-smile , the painted mask making it slightly sinister , and for the first time i realized how dangerous a woman she was . 
 `` if you do n't have much of a life , you 'll fit right in with us . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 `` seriously , '' wesley agreed . 
 she piqued an eyebrow at us . 
 `` these two think i 'm preventing them from having fun because i 'm the parent . 
 such failure of imagination . '' 
 her look turned sly . 
 `` a handsome bachelor will remedy this appalling wholesomeness . '' 
 `` mom , '' wesley said , `` please do not flirt with our teacher . '' 
 evan laughed , genuinely , a little shyly . 
 `` i 'm flattered , really , but i 've got papers to grade . '' 
 i darted him a warning look . 
 you do n't give out papers , mr. wilke . 
 you think papers are bullshit . 
 `` another time , then , '' siobhan murmured . 
 evan smiled at each of us , and when he looked at me his eyes flickered to my hand , then back to my face . 
 you could have clocked him with a stopwatch . 
 he did n't spend a single extra millisecond on me , yet he 'd told me everything . 
 i clenched the ring in my fist . 
 he walked away . 
 wesley jammed the end of his pretzel into his mouth and said , `` kinda sad that he comes here for fun . '' 
 `` we come here for fun , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , but we 're losers . '' 
 siobhan clucked her tongue . 
 `` one percent of your share is going to your sister . '' 
 `` mom , '' he said . 
 `` you already said that like five times this week . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` your sister 's going to be rich , wesley . 
 better start being nice to her . '' 
 siobhan smiled at me . 
 but as we turned back to the carnival , her eyes held mine , and i knew that she knew . 
 everything . 
 -8 - the only way to cure an obsession is to become obsessed with something else . 
 so i did : my semester project . 
 i was infatuated with terrence malick those days , especially his latest stuff : tree of life and to the wonder , films that evoked the old silent era of storytelling . 
 they were fragmented , visual , more stream-of-consciousness than stories with clear dramatic arcs . 
 watching them was n't so much like watching a movie as dipping yourself into someone 's memories . 
 wisps of dialogue floating atop swirling , too-close images . 
 music drifting in and out like something heard from a passing car . 
 echoes and shadows . 
 i had built up a library of clips now , mostly from st. louis , visual mementos that only held meaning for two people . 
 sunlight rolling off the striped awning at the chocolatier where evan bought me pralines that he fed to me by hand . 
 the velvet ropes at the tivoli where i 'd kissed him in a crowd , no longer self-conscious . 
 our bare feet , side by side , after we 'd walked across the stepping stones in the citygarden downtown , the water shockingly cold , drying in the pale autumn sun . 
 i strung them together without stopping too long to cut or trim . 
 i wanted it to be messy , overlapping , spontaneous . 
 i pasted bits of text here and there , faded in a verse of one song , then another . 
 i was trying to speak in several different languages at once , visual and verbal and musical , and what came out was a babel of color and sound that eventually became incomprehensible , smearing into impressions of feeling , mood . 
 it was exhausting . 
 i pulled off my headphones and rubbed my sore ears . 
 you 're so quiet , i imed wesley , who sat across the computer lab . 
 we 'd decided not to show each other our projects so we would n't cross-pollinate . 
 are you watching porn ? 
 ha ha ha , he responded . 
 how 's it going ? 
 okay . 
 a pause , then , want to see ? 
 idk if i like it . 
 believe in yourself , i said , and surprise me . 
 october had felt slow , but november ran through my fingers like sand . 
 the only tedious parts were , ironically , in evan 's class , where i sat watching him act like a teacher , watched the fine spiderweb of cracks growing at the edges of his facade . 
 i ate lunch with wesley and made myself smile and laugh , no matter how robotic it felt . 
 the weekends were n't enough anymore . 
 i showed up at evan 's apartment on school nights and he told me it was a bad idea and let me inside anyway , taking me in his arms as if we had n't seen each other in months . 
 those nights were almost too intense , edged with hysterical urgency , my fists crumpling his bed sheets , his hands pulling me close to f ** k me deeper , none of it ever giving us more than a few hours of respite . 
 the weekends in st. louis were sweeter , more relaxed , the rapid city paradoxically slowing us down , but every sunday a gradual dread would build , a coil in my chest tightening and choking until it felt like my life was ending when we got in the car . 
 melodramatic , but in a way , it really was . 
 the life i had with him felt more real than the one i 'd lived on my own . 
 there was one day where it became more real than i wanted . 
 we were standing on a street corner downtown , waiting to cross , the wind sharp and peppery with ice , and evan had said something that made me laugh and when i turned to smile at him , i locked gazes with the driver of a sleek gray benz idling beside us . 
 face like wood hacked with a blunt hatchet , eyes that never blinked . 
 quinn . 
 he looked right at me and recognized me instantly , even in my coat and scarf , and he nodded , once , and drove away . 
 i did n't say a word about it to evan . 
 but it ticked in the back of my mind , a clock that would eventually run out . 
 looking back , i can barely remember what we did in those weeks . 
 i have videos and photos to prove it happened . 
 i remember the last leaves falling . 
 rain turning to needles of sleet . 
 the world tinting to grayscale . 
 but when i think of what we did together , all i remember is how i ached . 
 with anxiety , with want , and with loneliness . 
 even when i was with evan , i 'd think of how little time we had left before we went back to town or school and pretended to be normal , not miserable and apart . 
 i 'd think of the semester ending and switching classes and seeing him even less . 
 i 'd think , i hate this . 
 i hate that we ca n't be together like normal people . 
 i just want to be with you . 
 and then i 'd start thinking about what i was willing to give up for that . 
 i spent thanksgiving with the browns . 
 natalie came home to visit , an intimidating girl with pin-sharp blue eyes and wesley 's long , canine grin and her mom 's acerbic wit . 
 she was nice to me , though , and we ganged up on wesley and took him to task for the assorted evils of men until he threatened to call his dad . 
 then alliances shifted , and wesley and nat turned against siobhan . 
 i sat on the sidelines and listened to family stories . 
 siobhan taught them not to break curfew by waiting for them in the dark kitchen one night in a white gown , holding a chef 's knife . 
 nat got arrested for shoplifting a bottle of vodka , which siobhan said was doubly stupid because they had way nicer stuff to steal at home . 
 wesley fractured his collarbone when he made a diy helmet cam and recorded himself trying to jump his bike over a truck -lrb- also ruined a $ 500 camera -rrb- -lrb- also the reason he never rode bikes -rrb- . 
 the house was full of candlelight and the smell of cinnamon and sweet potatoes . 
 wesley flicked my ear , and siobhan put her arm around my shoulder , and nat joked with me like she 'd known me for years , and i thought , you are my real family . 
 i made up a fantasy that they 'd accidentally lost me as a baby , and i 'd been raised by a scheming witch addicted to her own potions , and the truth of my parentage only came to light on my eighteenth birthday , when the curse masking my identity lifted . 
 now we were finally together again . 
 i drank too much rum punch and got teary and excused myself for some fresh air . 
 siobhan followed me onto the back deck , closing the glass door behind her . 
 she tugged an afghan around her shoulders . 
 `` cold ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 the alcohol sent my blood rushing to the surface . 
 i felt like all of me was gathered on the outside of my skin . 
 siobhan sat beside me on the wooden rocker . 
 the sky was so clear it made a deep cobalt matte behind the trees , dusted with a scattering of silver stars . 
 the moon was a thin white fang . 
 we had n't really been alone since halloween , and a sober corner of my mind worried about this . 
 `` i 'm glad you came tonight , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm glad you invited me . '' 
 she smiled , her eyes moving frankly over my face . 
 `` there 's something i 've been meaning to talk to you about . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 siobhan turned away . 
 `` i love my children more than anything in this world . 
 even more than i love the alimony payments . 
 and you 're starting to feel like a daughter to me . '' 
 heart palpitations . 
 `` i know there are things you keep private from everyone . '' 
 she glanced at me . 
 `` and i want you to know that i will never tell anyone unless you ask me to . '' 
 i exhaled . 
 a weight slid off my shoulders that i had n't realized was there . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's not what you think . 
 it 's not bad . 
 i just-i ca n't . '' 
 she nodded , as if that was the answer she 'd expected . 
 her heavy-lidded eyes caught tiny sickles of moonlight . 
 `` did wesley ever tell you about his father ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 siobhan smiled , tilting her face to the sky . 
 `` when i was twenty , and very stupid , and very pretty , i was utterly in love with my economics professor . 
 it is one of the most unsexy subjects , but the way this man talked about numbers was obscene . 
 it helped that he was f ** king gorgeous , too . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` there was a boy in econ who always sat next to me and found excuses to talk . 
 he 'd share his notes if i daydreamed during class-and i did a lot of daydreaming about that professor . '' 
 her smile deepened . 
 `` this boy was persistent , so i made a deal with him . 
 if he could ask the professor a question which he answered incorrectly , i 'd agree to one date . '' 
 i pulled my knees up and rested my chin atop them , waiting eagerly . 
 `` the boy thought about it for a while , and then he asked , ` will siobhan go out with me tonight ? ' 
 and the professor said , very decisively , ` no . ' 
 so the boy , thinking himself clever , asked me where i 'd like to have dinner , and i said i 'd tell him later . '' 
 her teeth flashed as she spoke . 
 `` after class , i asked the professor why he 'd answered ` no ' with such certainty . 
 do you know what he said ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he said , ` because you 're having dinner with me . ' 
 and that was the night i started dating professor brown . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 siobhan laughed , those low , dulcet tones dropping into the night like orchid petals . 
 she looked me right in the eyes . 
 `` perhaps i understand more than you think . '' 
 formula for honesty : alcohol + loneliness . 
 `` how long were you with him ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` five years . '' 
 `` how old was he ? '' 
 `` forty-one to my twenty . '' 
 my eyebrows rose . 
 `` how was it , being together ? '' 
 siobhan tilted her head up again , remembering . 
 `` exquisite , '' she said in a throaty voice , and i shivered . 
 `` not perfect , but something that could only happen once in a life . 
 most people fumble through young adulthood with idiots of equal age and naivete . 
 youth wasted reinventing the wheel . 
 being with an older man changed all of that . 
 it shaped me in many , many ways . '' 
 `` good ways ? '' 
 her eyes fixed on me again . 
 `` some good . 
 some not . 
 there are times when i wonder who i would 've been if i had gone out with that boy instead . 
 if i had discovered life through trial and error , rather than through jack . '' 
 `` but you 're amazing , '' i said , earnest with rum and adoration . 
 `` you 're so smart and wise and beautiful . 
 you 're perfect . '' 
 siobhan gave me a funny look . 
 then she leaned in and kissed my cheek , her lips warm and dry . 
 `` you are a dear thing , '' she said . 
 `` you deserve happiness . '' 
 i stayed there for a while after she went inside , my palm pressed to my cheek where she 'd kissed me , trying to hold in the feeling of being loved . 
 we were in st. louis for the first snow . 
 we walked through the white fleece lying over downtown , evan in a wool coat , me in fur boots and knit stockings and a skirt and parka , like a little girl . 
 i felt like a little girl , laughing at the snowflakes colliding gently with my face . 
 they collected in my eyelashes and when i looked at evan he said , `` you 've got stars in your eyes , '' and i kissed him , his lips warm and sweet in the cold . 
 our breath wrapped around us in scarves of steam . 
 on the smooth white cloth spread before us , colored lights danced in soft , diaphanous waves , like auroras . 
 i refused to let myself worry about expensive cars pulling up , men with guns . 
 my heart was too full of beauty to admit fear . 
 the loft was freezing in winter , so we curled up on the couch with blankets and mugs of peppermint tea . 
 my nose was always cold , and evan kept kissing it . 
 he 'd let his beard grow out a little and i ran my fingers over the bristles , blond and auburn and a few isolated silvers . 
 `` almost christmas break , '' i said . 
 we had n't decided where to go yet . 
 chicago , maybe . 
 i 'd never been up there . 
 all that really mattered was we 'd have two solid weeks together , no school , no sad sunday goodbyes . 
 it 'd be like living together . 
 i was nervous , even after all of this . 
 the removal of all boundaries , all distractions , leaving us with nothing but each other-scary . 
 what kind of people would we be without secrecy and desperation ? 
 `` i want to show you something , '' evan said . 
 i watched him fetch his laptop . 
 the snow falling outside cast shadows over us like rain , and i thought of the raindrops running down the windows of his car a million years ago . 
 everything had a gunmetal tint , the shadows cool and misty , drifting , filling the loft like a sunken ship . 
 all day i 'd had lana del rey 's `` young and beautiful '' in my head , and now i heard it again and something hot twisted in my throat . 
 evan sat beside me and ran a hand over my knee . 
 `` i have n't shown anyone this in a long time . 
 it 's old , and it 's not who i am anymore , but i want you to see it because it was part of me , once . '' 
 he played a video . 
 there he was , a twenty-something college guy , baby-faced , higher-pitched , skinnier . 
 his acting demo reel . 
 the clips were mostly from student films , overly serious and meaningful , everyone trying too hard to act except for him . 
 he did n't look like he was acting at all . 
 he looked like a sad , lost boy who 'd wandered into a shot and knew it was all fake and absurd and embraced it with fatalistic humor . 
 the camera focused magnetically on his eyes , his mouth , the way he conveyed so much in the subtle flicker and shift of a lip , an eyebrow . 
 but the thing that struck me most was how absolutely alone he looked . 
 even in a group of people , he was apart from them . 
 he 'd smile , but his eyes would go elsewhere , to some place inside himself . 
 i looked up from his laptop . 
 `` did that lower your opinion of me ? '' 
 he said . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` is it weird seeing me when i was your age ? '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 would i be so different in ten years ? 
 `` evan , you are actually good . 
 seriously good . 
 why did you stop ? '' 
 he stared off into space . 
 the light waned , the snowfall turning opaque , a muslin sheet flecked with stars . 
 `` it did n't make me happy , '' he said . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` that 's everything . '' 
 i put my hand on his wrist , feeling the broad bones , the veins spiraling up his arm . 
 startling , how real he was . 
 `` what makes you happy ? '' 
 i was n't fishing for compliments . 
 i really wanted to know . 
 but he touched my face and i knew what he was going to say , and suddenly i did n't want him to say it . 
 i averted my eyes . 
 `` i do n't get you sometimes , '' i said . 
 `` what do n't you get ? '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 i thought of siobhan and her professor and all the men who 'd been drawn to me , who i 'd used and discarded and never felt a twinge of regret over . 
 what did they see in us ? 
 did they see us as girls they could teach about all the things they could n't share in their classes or jobs or wherever ? 
 did they just see pretty faces , smooth young bodies ? 
 were they less intimidated because we were young and dumb and not yet hardened by disappointment ? 
 maybe it was more about themselves , about getting a second chance to be the men they had n't been when they were young . 
 it hurt when i thought about that . 
 that i might merely be a lesson for evan to learn something about himself . 
 that i might just be schooling the teacher . 
 `` it could have been anyone , '' i said . 
 `` all the women who look at you when we go out . 
 ms. bisette at school . 
 god , even hiyam . 
 why me ? '' 
 he stared at the coffee table , the reflection of snow like confectioner 's sugar sifting down . 
 `` it could n't have been anyone , '' he said softly . 
 `` for a long time before i met you , i felt my life was this kind of test . 
 i was in deep , cold water , swimming for shore , and my arms were getting tired , my skin numb . 
 on the shore was everything i thought i wanted : a better job , a house , a family . '' 
 he swallowed , his throat cording with tension . 
 `` but i could barely keep my head above water . 
 eventually i stopped seeing the shore . 
 only cold dark blue , in all directions . 
 i know it 's cliche , but when i met you , my eyes opened . 
 i looked around , and realized i could stand up whenever i wanted . 
 there was firm ground under my feet . 
 that shore in the distance was an illusion . 
 i was already somewhere beautiful . '' 
 i stared at him , my lungs not seeming to be doing anything vital to my survival . 
 `` you are so alive , maise . 
 you are so here , so present in the moment . 
 you 've taught me that happiness is possible now , not in some distant future . 
 you 'll scale a mountain without a second thought , face your fears , throw yourself into danger , and you 're not reckless , but bold , proud . 
 you have a lion 's heart . 
 you are n't afraid to live . '' 
 i was shivering , even under the blanket . 
 wesley had called it self-destructive . 
 evan understood . 
 it was n't about flirting with death , like mom . 
 it was about wanting to live all the way to the seams of life . 
 but how he could feel that way , when he 'd made me feel that way ? 
 how could two zombies bring each other to life ? 
 i was n't brave before i met him , and i definitely was n't happy . 
 cockiness and not caring are n't boldness or pride-they 're coping mechanisms . 
 when you 're a wounded animal in the company of jackals , you can either cower and submit , or feign strength . 
 wear your blood like a red badge of courage . 
 that 's all i was doing . 
 `` let 's watch something , '' i said finally . 
 evan glanced at me . 
 `` show me casablanca . '' 
 he was quiet as he turned on the tv . 
 a nervous energy buzzed between us , a revelation building up . 
 it hummed in my marrow , the roots of my teeth , electric and tense , and i knew something was coming , something that would change me . 
 he sat beside me on the couch and seemed about to speak . 
 then he hit play . 
 bandshell orchestra blares . 
 credits come up over a map of africa . 
 the countries are bigger and simpler , before all our modern wars and genocides . 
 it 's a complicated story : two refugees from nazi germany are trying to book passage to lisbon via casablanca , which is part of unoccupied france . 
 the nazis want to prevent resistance leader victor laszlo and his wife , ilsa , from leaving . 
 at the heart of casablanca is rick 's cafe , where rick himself makes money off desperate refugees and corrupt authorities alike , playing everyone . 
 rick 's friend scores some priceless letters of transit that will get anyone out of casablanca , no questions asked . 
 even a resistance leader wanted by the nazis . 
 the friend entrusts the letters with rick and is then assassinated by the cops , which sends laszlo and ilsa looking for help from rick , now the only guy who can get them out of the country . 
 of course , it turns out that rick knows ilsa . 
 they were lovers in paris . 
 she left him on a train platform with a broken heart and a goodbye letter , its ink bleeding in the rain . 
 i was intrigued at first , and as the story went on i got totally caught up in it , grabbing evan 's arm at tense moments , laughing at the whip-smart dialogue , becoming completely absorbed against all of my twenty-first century ironic instincts . 
 i disdained the moral simplicity of old movies , the clear-cut villainy and heroics . 
 but this movie was all about gray areas and moral ambiguity . 
 rick helped people , but he profited from their desperation , too . 
 ilsa tried to use rick 's love to save herself and her husband . 
 the french police captain took advantage of powerless girls , yet let rick shepherd them to freedom . 
 there was good and evil in everyone . 
 when rick remembered his days with ilsa in paris , that humming in me became keening , sharp and poignant . 
 i could n't help seeing the parallels . 
 a forbidden love blossoming while dark forces surrounded them . 
 the dread of the encroaching end . 
 i knew what was coming , the inevitable parting-the repercussions of that parting had been rippling through cinema for decades . 
 but when it happened on the runway at night , ilsa getting into that plane with laszlo as rick stayed behind , i started to cry . 
 jesus christ , i had not cried at a movie since i was a kid . 
 but i could n't stop . 
 evan turned the tv off . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , laughing at myself . 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong with me . '' 
 i could n't see him too clearly , but his eyes shone in the snow-shrouded gloom , and his voice was thick . 
 `` what are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` why did n't he ask her to stay ? 
 he still loved her . '' 
 `` that 's why . 
 he let her go because he loved her . '' 
 stupidly , this made me cry harder . 
 my tears were so bewildering that i kept laughing , too , and i probably seemed like a total headcase , my nerves wound so tightly i felt like i was tearing apart from the inside , and over what ? 
 a stupid old movie ? 
 if i 'd watched it a year ago i would have had intelligent things to say about the lighting , the cinematography , the pacing . 
 instead i was dissolving into human goo . 
 evan looked at me with wonder , the way he had when i got dead drunk on homecoming . 
 `` this is ridiculous , '' i said , trying to laugh it off . 
 `` i never cry at movies . '' 
 `` because you 've never been in love , '' he said . 
 the keening in my blood reached its highest point , and then it stopped . 
 i felt every beat of my heart tolling in the silence . 
 i blinked until my eyes were clear and i could see him , looking at me steadily , his lips parted and his warm breath reaching me , the wonder still in his face . 
 the snowglobe world spun outside , all glittering crystal and frost . 
 i felt a thrill run along my skin , the sense of a shiver coming , and i knew as i saw him swallow and breathe and shape the words i 'd been waiting for that this was something that could only happen once in my life and it was happening here , right here , right now . 
 `` maise , '' he said , `` i love you . '' 
 the shiver came , and everything in me turned to the same sparkling whiteness that fell outside and drifted , weightless , evanescent , catching the light for a heartbeat and melting the instant it landed . 
 i could n't speak . 
 my head was full of snow and static . 
 he touched my face and i touched his and we did n't kiss , just looked at each other . 
 i love you , i thought . 
 if i was the only person truly alive that night , it was because of you . 
 you made the world come alive for me and i love you , i love you , i love you . 
 but it was so hard to get the air out of my lungs , and then he kissed me , and i stopped trying . 
 i did n't feel completely corporeal . 
 my body felt like layers of tulle , gauzy approximations of a girl . 
 air moved through me and drenched me with oxygen . 
 i kissed him , the roughness of his face making mine tingle . 
 and as i kissed him the icy tissue of my body flooded with fire and blood and then i was the one cupping his face , looking down at him , taking his hand in mine and pulling him across the cold concrete . 
 i was the one pushing him to the bed and holding his face still so i could kiss him , my tongue in his mouth . 
 i unbuttoned his shirt and took it off and he sat there , letting me touch him , the heavy bone yoke of his shoulders , his light gold skin , the softly chiseled slabs of muscle fitting over him like breathing stone , solid and warm . 
 i pressed my face to his collarbone , inhaling the smell of him like a drug . 
 i 'm in love with this man , i thought . 
 i 'm in love with my teacher . 
 i 'm in love with evan wilke . 
 it felt so crazily good to think it , accept it at last . 
 but my mouth would n't say it . 
 i could only put my lips to his skin , heat to heat , and imagine that somehow it was communicated through our blood . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 pushed my senses to the tips of my fingers and toes , and felt like i held the world in my hands , a luminous sapphire veined with light and revolving slowly in the sun , ridiculously , absurdly beautiful . 
 this is what being in love feels like , wesley . 
 gratitude . 
 gratitude that you exist in this f ** ked up , beautiful universe . 
 movies tend to follow classical greek dramatic structure . 
 you begin with exposition : who , when , where . 
 then you 're off , and it 's rising action -lrb- plans , hijinks , find the macguffin -rrb- until you get to the climax -lrb- explosions , bad guys die , acquire macguffin -rrb- and then you coast through denouement -lrb- girl gets guy , macguffin restored -rrb- to the ending credits -lrb- terrible pop song -rrb- . 
 the basic shape of drama is a pyramid . 
 greek tragedies take it one step farther . 
 the climax can also contain a moment called peripeteia . 
 a tragic reversal . 
 a sudden change of circumstance or fortune . 
 this reversal is often precipitated by anagnorisis , a critical revelation . 
 everything seems to be heading in a certain direction until boom , a plot ied detonates and it 's all thrown off course . 
 aristotle 's famous example is oedipus discovering he 's murdered his father and married his mother and ruined his life . 
 my famous example is donnie darko realizing he must let the jet engine crush him to save the world and everyone he loves . 
 revelation . 
 reversal . 
 the essence of tragedy . 
 these concepts will be important , class . 
 it snowed all during the last week of school . 
 i pelted wesley with snowballs in the parking lot and walked around wearing fingerless gloves and a big dopey smile and when i saw evan in class i was calm , content , simply happy . 
 in love . 
 the town turned into the tiny plastic village inside a snowglobe , the sky full of glitter and the streets layered with cake frosting . 
 it was too snowy to ride my bike , so evan would pick me up and take me to his apartment , where we 'd set up a small christmas tree and hung rainbow lights on the balcony , the air sweet with cranberry potpourri . 
 the snow and our winter coats were camouflage , emboldening us . 
 i did n't glance over my shoulder constantly . 
 i saved my glances for him . 
 mom left town for a few days and i brought him over to see my room . 
 we made out on my bed but he did n't want to have sex in the house because i 'd grown up there , been a little girl there . 
 i told him that made it even hotter and ran my tongue in the seashell of his ear , but he just laughed and called me incorrigible . 
 `` how do i become corrigible ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` teach me . '' 
 he laughed again and said he could n't , because i was also unteachable . 
 wesley and i were scheduled to show our films on the last friday before break , so we got to see everyone else 's first . 
 some of them were surprisingly good . 
 hiyam 's was a documentary on her iranian parents and the discrimination they faced here . 
 another girl did an amazing stop-motion animation with lego about a kid who decided to become a superhero . 
 someone else made a sci-fi murder mystery that took place in 2030 on mars , among the first colonists . 
 i was impressed at the breadth of imagination . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 i asked wesley at lunch on thursday . 
 he shrugged . 
 he was uncharacteristically quiet that week , and i figured it was about his project . 
 i flicked his ear . 
 `` do n't be so glum . 
 i 'm still coming for your birthday . 
 and tell your mom not to get me anything for christmas . 
 seriously . '' 
 wesley stared at his mashed potatoes , raking them into a wispy mountain . 
 `` maise . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he raised his face . 
 `` you 're my best friend . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 my heart gave a little hiccup , but i said , cockily , `` no shit , captain obvious . 
 i 'm your only friend . '' 
 he locked eyes with me , not saying anything . 
 wesley was so infrequently emotional that i had no idea what i was looking at . 
 being a boy , he probably did n't know what he was feeling , either . 
 the silence stretched . 
 `` you 're my best friend too , '' i said quietly . 
 he dropped his gaze to his plate . 
 i glanced out the window , feeling inexplicable unease . 
 the snow came down in a soft rush , erasing the world over and over , struggling to wipe out all of our mistakes . 
 do n't treat me any differently than the others , i 'd told evan , and on friday , he did n't . 
 `` maise o'malley , '' he called . 
 my hands shook as i plugged my usb stick into the laptop connected to the projector . 
 when we showed our films , we got to sit in the back of the room like we were the teacher . 
 evan was down in the audience with the rest of the class . 
 good , because facing him now was something i was n't sure i could do . 
 i 'd skipped my fear confrontation in november . 
 december was going to count double . 
 actually , it was going to count for the whole f ** king year . 
 we were n't allowed to explain or qualify our films before we showed them . 
 we could only give a brief intro . 
 `` i 'm maise o'malley , '' i said , my voice surprising me with its steadiness , `` and my film is titled dear you . '' 
 evan 's head turned ever so slightly . 
 i clicked play . 
 we begin facing a rollercoaster track , a steel spine arcing up into the night , its vertebrae painted neon red and moon white . 
 the camera lurches forward with a metallic squeal . 
 we 're moving up the track . 
 my voice says , i 'm not going to do the whole rollercoaster-slash-falling in love metaphor . 
 i did n't fall in love with you up there . 
 it 's halloween and i 'm sitting next to wesley , pretending to be terrified , while he films this for me , an unknowing aide . 
 the shot jumps to golden lights in a parking lot and a little boy kicking pebbles . 
 then to the carnival from the crow 's nest at the water tower , a cloud of fireflies . 
 then to the derelict gas station , where my shadow kicks her leg off the side of the cooler , waiting . 
 as we move from scene to scene , i tell the story that i 've been telling you . 
 the songs i mentioned swirl in and out . 
 these words pop up , type themselves , backspace , vanish . 
 you did n't always see the camera in my hand , but it was there . 
 people are so used to cell phones that they do n't even notice when they 're being filmed anymore-or when they 're filming . 
 paul 's scarecrow shadow looming across the porch . 
 gary 's hand on my wrist as i pretend to text someone . 
 wesley 's silhouette by the illuminated pool , waiting to kiss me . 
 and evan , over and over , his hands moving hungrily over my skin , the boyish way he rocks on his toes , his wonder at life filling me with wonder , too . 
 never anything identifiable . 
 no faces or voices , just allusions , obliquities . 
 i caught all these little moments while i was pretending to live them . 
 i did live them , but i 'm not sure where i was when they happened , if i was the lens watching or the skin being touched . 
 that 's the whole point . 
 we do n't know anymore . 
 and there are scenes from my private education , too , spliced in with my real life . 
 hal 9000 's eerie unblinking red eye -lrb- paranoia -rrb- . 
 velociraptors stalking through a kitchen , their claws clicking on the tile , while lex and tim hide under a counter -lrb- secrecy -rrb- . 
 rick drunkenly yelling at sam to play `` as time goes by '' -lrb- obsession -rrb- . 
 as the stream-of-consciousness goes on , it grows more crowded and chaotic . 
 images and words flash past too fast to parse , like the cliche dying moment in film , when life flashes before someone 's eyes . 
 except that is n't what happens when you die-it 's what happens when you live . 
 it all flashes past . 
 you barely have time to feel it before it 's gone . 
 the images slow down toward the end and we 're back at the top of the rollercoaster track , the world below a pinball machine full of noise and light , and my voice says , i guess i 'm trying to say what i could n't say that night . 
 you can call it love , or you can call it freefall . 
 they 're pretty much the same thing . 
 and i love you . 
 car drops . 
 lights rush up . 
 cut to black . 
 roll credits . 
 mr. wilke did n't move . 
 someone got up and switched on the light . 
 heads turned to look at me . 
 not wesley , i noticed . 
 evan cleared his throat . 
 `` class ? 
 thoughts ? '' 
 `` that was really intense , '' rebecca , the stop-motion girl , said . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' a boy said . 
 `` it 's a love letter , '' someone else said . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i thought it was like , she was dying , and her life flashed before her eyes . '' 
 laughter . 
 `` she died on the rollercoaster ? '' 
 `` maybe it crashed . '' 
 `` it 's a metaphor , genius . '' 
 `` it had parts of other movies in it . 
 is that even legal ? '' 
 `` fair use . 
 like a remix . '' 
 `` i think those parts were what she was feeling . 
 like , the dinosaurs were about being afraid . '' 
 `` afraid of what ? '' 
 `` being found out . '' 
 this from hiyam . 
 `` found out about what ? '' 
 hiyam glanced at me and did n't say anything . 
 `` what do you think about the collage technique ? '' 
 evan said . 
 `` it was kind of like a music video , '' rebecca said . 
 `` yeah , '' someone agreed . 
 `` it made me think how when i walk around with headphones on , my whole life becomes this music video . '' 
 laughter again , appreciative . 
 `` i 'm in a band , '' a skater guy said . 
 `` if you ever want to do one for real . 
 we 'll pay . '' 
 i shrugged and smiled coolly . 
 translation : hell yes . 
 the discussion continued for a while , but i lost track . 
 i could n't stop staring at evan and wesley . 
 neither had looked my way even once , and wesley had n't said a word about my project . 
 did he think it was awful ? 
 was he jealous of what i 'd confessed ? 
 jesus , what ? 
 evan stood up and went to the board . 
 he graded tougher than i expected , but as long as you showed a modicum of understanding about something he 'd taught , you passed . 
 there were only two a 's so far : hiyam 's yellow dust and rebecca 's when i learn to fly . 
 i watched evan write dear you and pause with the marker hovering and then write something fast , decisively . 
 he turned around and finally looked at me . 
 grade : a. `` beautiful work , ms. o'malley , '' he said . 
 `` you have a true passion for this . 
 hold on to it , cultivate it , and it 'll take you far . '' 
 his voice only quavered slightly , not enough for anyone else to notice . 
 but i glowed ultraviolet inside . 
 i took my seat in a daze . 
 for the first time since this crazy thing between us started , i felt okay about it . 
 yeah , we were sitting five feet apart and did n't dare glance at each other , and i could practically hear hiyam swishing her tail with nefarious intent , but it was all okay . 
 i was in love with him . 
 and he knew . 
 and he was in love with me . 
 that was enough . 
 `` time for our final victim , '' evan said . 
 `` wesley brown . '' 
 someone hit the lights . 
 evan was two empty desks away from me , and when the lights dropped he flashed me a small smile . 
 i smiled back . 
 the ring on my finger seemed to pulse in time with my heart . 
 wesley did n't introduce his film . 
 he just clicked play . 
 a black-and-white shot , extreme bokeh , blurry overlapping discs of light . 
 the camera slowly focuses on a girl sitting at a picnic table with a - oh my god . 
 it was me . 
 the night of the carnival , the first night , before i 'd even met wesley brown . 
 you could n't see my face , but i knew those clothes , that body , that dark hair flying when the girl threw her head back to drain the last of her beer , the can winking with moonlight . 
 evan recognized me , too . 
 his shoulders stiffened in my peripheral vision . 
 the title comes up on a black frame , with some austere , brooding piano music : obsession . 
 jesus christ , i thought . 
 okay , yes , i 'd just declared my love for somebody with my own film , but that was reciprocal . 
 wesley should n't be doing this . 
 we 'd talked about it . 
 and how the hell did he get that shot ? 
 cut to the interior of the carnival . 
 the camera hovers at the back of the rollercoaster , watching it fill up . 
 all the seats are taken except the front car . 
 the girl walks toward it , turns around for a moment , then gets in . 
 a man joins her . 
 you ca n't see their faces . 
 cut to the water gun race , the girl 's foot running up an old fat guy 's leg . 
 cut to silhouettes kissing in a chevy monte carlo . 
 -lrb- cut to me in class , my heart a fist of ice , realizing this is not about wesley 's obsession with me . -rrb- 
 cut to the girl disappearing down the road on her bike in a blur of moon-pale skin and night flower hair . 
 cut to - i stopped processing it at some point . 
 i stared at the screen , my insides churning like broken glass . 
 he never showed our faces . 
 every frame was artfully cropped , focusing on hands , legs , the backs of our heads . 
 mostly on my hands . 
 it was a whole f ** king film about sign language , really . 
 the tension , worry , and desire i expressed with my hands . 
 and it continued into the school year . 
 me waiting on the hood of evan 's car . 
 our hands clasping briefly in the hall . 
 both of us leaving his class together after fourth-period make-out sessions . 
 you could n't read any incriminating details-wesley was oh so careful to edit those out-but if you went to this school , you knew it was here . 
 and you knew it was a teacher and student . 
 and you knew that the student was obsessed with the teacher , always waiting , wanting , twisting herself into knots with it . 
 there were scenes i did n't even remember : me seeming forlorn and angry , kicking my bike over , flinging crab apples at a brick wall , sitting on a curb with my head in my hands . 
 when did that happen ? 
 it was like watching a stranger . 
 final shot : halloween night in siobhan 's car . 
 i stare out the window , compulsively twisting the ring on my finger , over and over and over and over . 
 piano trails off . 
 hard cut to black . 
 credits . 
 someone flipped the lights on and i imagined myself standing up with a gun . 
 evan did n't even get a chance to prompt discussion . 
 `` whoa , '' a guy said . 
 `` yeah , '' said someone else . 
 `` so , like , '' a girl said , `` what is your genre ? 
 because that looked really , really ... real . '' 
 `` docudrama , '' wesley answered in monotone . 
 you f ** king liar , i thought . 
 `` so it 's made up ? '' 
 `` reenactment . '' 
 `` that 's going on ? 
 at riverland ? '' 
 `` they 're actors . '' 
 other voices chimed in . 
 `` but it 's based on something real . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 did that actually happen here ? '' 
 `` man , that happens all the time . 
 do n't be naive . '' 
 i had not looked at evan . 
 i could n't . 
 but his voice sounded perturbingly calm when he said , `` let 's focus on theme . 
 aside from the title , what kind of themes did you notice ? '' 
 i almost laughed . 
 how can you even discuss this ? 
 i thought . 
 throw him out of class . 
 let us out early . 
 let me beat the shit out of him . 
 `` loneliness , '' someone answered immediately . 
 `` depression . '' 
 `` lust ? '' 
 giggles . 
 `` sex . '' 
 every single word went through me like a voodoo pin . 
 this is my f ** king life you 're talking about , you idiots . 
 it does not have a f ** king theme . 
 `` i think it 's about love , '' rebecca said tentatively , `` but , kind of messed up . '' 
 `` you know that 's a teacher , right ? '' 
 a guy said . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , that 's like , pedo . '' 
 rebecca made a sound of disgust . 
 `` no it 's not , '' someone else said . 
 `` at my old school this girl was seeing a teacher , and when she turned eighteen they got married . '' 
 `` gross . '' 
 `` i 'd totally do it with a hot teacher , '' a guy said , and a girl said , `` ms. bisette ? '' 
 people laughed . 
 i felt like i was going to vomit . 
 i started to stand and evan shot me a warning glance . 
 drawing attention to myself was probably a bad idea . 
 `` class , '' he said in that smooth actor 's voice , `` let 's focus on the work . '' 
 he turned to wesley then , and my heart pounded . 
 `` wesley has told a story very effectively without any dialogue , or even seeing the actors ' faces . 
 why do you think he chose that direction ? '' 
 because he 's a f ** king coward , i thought . 
 `` to show it could be anyone . '' 
 `` to hide their identities . '' 
 `` i think it 's so we focus on the emotions , '' rebecca said . 
 `` what emotions ? 
 it 's about infatuation . '' 
 `` you can still feel things when you 're infatuated . '' 
 `` i do n't think she 's infatuated , '' rebecca said . 
 `` i think she really loves him . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 a guy said . 
 `` have you been with a teacher ? '' 
 laughter . 
 `` focus , '' evan said . 
 `` she 's right . '' 
 hiyam 's voice . 
 icicle straight to my heart . 
 `` i think it is about love , '' hiyam said . 
 `` i 'd like to know what maise thinks , since hers was about being in love with a teacher , too . '' 
 i turned to her . 
 the whole class was looking at me . 
 i could n't speak . 
 suddenly i was aware of the ring , the f ** king ring right there on my hand . 
 i could n't hide it now , they were all staring . 
 god , do n't see it , i prayed . 
 do n't see this thing i 've been waving right under your f ** king noses . 
 `` well ? '' 
 hiyam said . 
 `` hiyam , '' evan said . 
 `` bullying . '' 
 `` it 's an honest question . '' 
 `` she does n't have to answer . '' 
 `` i 'll answer her f ** king question , '' i said . 
 no one gasped , but there was a sudden , reverberating silence . 
 `` i think it 's easy to judge someone you do n't know anything about , '' i said . 
 `` like before i saw your film , i thought you were nothing but a spoiled cokehead . 
 now i know it 's not your parents ' fault . '' 
 `` maise , '' evan breathed behind me , low and alarmed . 
 i turned to wesley , who sat on the dais at the back of the room , in shadow . 
 `` and i thought you were a good person . 
 but now i know you 're a f ** king psycho . '' 
 `` maise , '' evan said sharply , like a whip crack . 
 no one moved . 
 it was dead still . 
 `` leave the class . '' 
 it was as if i 'd been struck . 
 i turned to him , numb , furious , hurt . 
 he met my eyes for a moment and then looked away . 
 i stood up and walked out . 
 i did n't slam the door , but i stalked straight across the hall and kicked open the boys ' bathroom , and when a guy at a urinal looked at me in shock , i growled , `` get out . '' 
 i paced . 
 i stood with my palms on either side of a sink , feeling like i could rip it out of the wall . 
 i turned on the cold water and splashed it on my face . 
 tried to drink some but ended up spitting it at the mirror . 
 then i paced some more . 
 i did n't have long to wait . 
 the bell rang , and i stepped out and watched the kids leaving , flocking into small groups , whispering frantically . 
 when i saw wesley i walked up to him , grabbed his shirt in my fist , and twisted as hard as i could . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you want to do this here , or you want to do it in private ? '' 
 i barely recognized my voice . 
 it was flat and gritty , sulfurous . 
 the drag of a match head before it burst into flame . 
 other kids were staring . 
 wesley eyed me anxiously for a second . 
 then he followed me to the boys ' bathroom . 
 when he walked in i kicked the garbage can in front of the door and spun around fast , swinging . 
 he caught my arm . 
 he was bigger and stronger than me and i hated him for that . 
 `` let me hit you , '' i said . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 `` you 're a f ** king traitor . 
 you stupid a ** hole . 
 how could you do this to me ? '' 
 he stared at me wide-eyed , as if surprised . 
 `` you 're blowing it way out of proportion . '' 
 `` you f ** king stalked me , wesley . 
 you 're sick . 
 and you knew this whole time it was him . 
 i ca n't believe i trusted you . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe i trusted you , '' he snapped . 
 `` you 've been lying your ass off to me about everything . '' 
 i let go of him so i could stab a finger at his chest . 
 `` it 's my f ** king prerogative to lie about this . 
 if anyone knew , he 'd lose his job . 
 but now he 's going to anyway . 
 great f ** king work , wesley . 
 a-plus . 
 gold f ** king star . '' 
 `` god , stop yelling . 
 nobody knows it 's you . '' 
 `` hiyam saw us , you idiot . 
 and now you gave her proof . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` she . 
 fucking . 
 saw . 
 us . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` where do you think ? '' 
 i slashed my hands through the air , wishing it was his face . 
 `` in there . 
 in his f ** king class . '' 
 `` what did she see ? '' 
 i took a step closer to him , my chest touching his . 
 `` what do you think she saw ? 
 us . 
 together . '' 
 wesley stepped back . 
 `` you were with him in class ? '' 
 `` jesus , '' i muttered . 
 `` you did it in our class ? '' 
 `` do n't you dare judge me . 
 you have no right - '' `` i ca n't believe this , '' he said , his pitch climbing . 
 `` you were with him in our class . 
 that 's so f ** king sick , maise . 
 what the f ** k is wrong with you ? '' 
 `` what the f ** k is wrong with you ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` you f ** king stalker . 
 you traitor . 
 ` you 're my best friend . 
 did you know that ? ' 
 go to f ** king hell . '' 
 his voice was cold . 
 `` you 're the traitor . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` why , because i popped your precious cherry , you naive little boy ? 
 grow up . 
 this is real . 
 the world is ugly and nasty and f ** ked up , and so are we . '' 
 he did n't flinch . 
 his jaw jutted out , but he faced me eye-to-eye . 
 `` listen to what you just said . 
 that 's how you see yourself with him . 
 ` ugly and nasty and f ** ked up . ' 
 that 's exactly why i did this . '' 
 if i 'd had any sort of loose object , i would have flung it at him . 
 instead i raked my hands through my hair and pulled . 
 `` god , '' i said , trying not to scream again . 
 `` you seriously think you 're teaching me something , you arrogant piece of shit . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said huskily . 
 `` but you 're too f ** king stupid to get it . 
 you 're the one who 's naive . 
 you do n't even see what he 's doing to you . '' 
 i spread my hands , laughing . 
 `` please . 
 enlighten me , professor f ** king brown . '' 
 `` he 's not who you think he is . '' 
 `` then who the f ** k is he ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i know it 's bizarre as hell that there 's nothing online about him before 2011 . 
 he 's a ghost . 
 he came out of nowhere . '' 
 i felt nauseated . 
 my fury was cooling , hardening into hate . 
 `` you do n't know anything about him . 
 i know about his past . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 where did he come from ? '' 
 `` i 'm not telling you that . '' 
 `` where did he teach before this ? '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` where does he go on his days off and why does he sit in his car for hours , talking to himself ? '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the bathroom door scraped against the garbage can and a boy stuck his head in . 
 we both yelled , `` get out . '' 
 the head disappeared . 
 i looked at wesley again , my breath heavy and dry and tasting of bile , as if i 'd run for miles , worn myself down to acid and bone . 
 `` i saw him , '' wesley said . 
 `` yeah , i stalked him . 
 fucking sue me . 
 i thought you were in danger , maise . 
 he 's using you . 
 i was trying to protect you . '' 
 `` ruining my f ** king life is how you protect me ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're sick , and you 're obsessed . 
 that 's what your film is about , wesley . 
 that 's the irony you do n't get . '' 
 `` get over yourself . '' 
 he stepped closer , and i had to tilt my head up to look up at him . 
 `` yeah , i am kinda obsessed . 
 i 'm f ** king sorry . 
 but this is not about me . 
 you do n't even see what he 's done to you . 
 you put on these rose-colored glasses and think you 're in love , but you 're not . 
 open your eyes , maise . 
 i see how miserable you are every day and now you 've seen it too . 
 it was the only way i could make you see what he really is . '' 
 i stood on my toes and spoke in a whisper , viperously soft . 
 `` you betrayed me in the worst possible way . 
 you make me sick . 
 do not ever talk to me again . '' 
 and i shoved the can aside and stormed out and did n't see a thing through the brilliant bokeh of my tears . 
 -9 - meet me at home after school . 
 i stared at evan 's text , wanting to smash my phone to pieces . 
 no f ** king point in secrecy anymore , was there ? 
 the raptors had found us . 
 i 'd spent the entire day in a black haze , seeing nothing but blood and bones and a trail of my own guts leading back to his classroom . 
 please , he added , and something plucked sharply in my chest , a plangent , dissonant note . 
 i did n't respond . 
 i slammed my locker closed . 
 hiyam was waiting behind the door . 
 myocardial infarction . 
 `` o'malley , '' she purred . 
 `` i 've been looking for you . '' 
 i 'd had my revelation . 
 this could only be reversal . 
 `` let 's walk , '' she said . 
 i still had world lit , but no one went to the last period before vacation . 
 the building was quiet , most classes dark . 
 my locker slam echoed too long . 
 this place was already a tomb . 
 `` i 've got class , '' i said . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` i want to help you keep evan wilke from going to jail . '' 
 my body stilled , my entire cellular metabolism pausing . 
 her face was flawlessly composed , those high , upward-raked cheekbones and teardrop eyes like a mask . 
 i could n't read her . 
 she raised a pencil-thin eyebrow at me and walked away . 
 i followed , like the stupid kid sister . 
 `` so , '' she said when i caught up , `` what do you call him when you 're alone ? 
 evan , or mr. wilke ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 admit nothing . 
 she propped open a stairwell door , ushering me in . 
 i felt like i was walking to my own execution . 
 i leaned against the cold concrete wall , staring at the caged bulb opposite us as if it could open fire any moment . 
 `` up , '' hiyam said . 
 we climbed to the roof door , which was unlocked . 
 `` we 're on camera , '' i said . 
 `` did n't stop you with mr. wilke . '' 
 if i grit my teeth any harder , my face would shatter . 
 freezing air blasted over us when she opened the door . 
 the roof slates had become a diamondback of ice , slick scales twinkling in the sun . 
 cloudless periwinkle stretched from forever to nowhere . 
 hiyam went to the ledge and i followed , calculating the chance of death from a four-story drop . 
 she lit a cigarette . 
 the smoke and her breath hung in the air , gossamer snakeskins . 
 `` this is what i 've been wondering , '' she said . 
 `` why you ? '' 
 i stood beside her , arms crossed . 
 i wore a man 's flannel shirt and tight leggings and the cold cut right through , but i kept my chin up , refusing to cower . 
 `` i mean , '' hiyam said , `` he could have had anyone . 
 if he took me home , i would 've blown him in his car . 
 actually , i would 've had my driver pick us up , and blown him in my father 's car . '' 
 `` so why me ? '' 
 i said dryly . 
 `` why not one of you pathetic little girls with daddy issues ? 
 good question . '' 
 she laughed . 
 her smoke scribbled arabesques that looked like the persian alphabet . 
 `` there 's something about you , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't give a fuck . 
 it 's kind of hot . '' 
 `` save the flirting . 
 you 're not my type . '' 
 hiyam laughed again . 
 `` such a bitch . 
 i like it , o'malley . 
 now let me tell you how this is going to work . '' 
 she sat on the ledge . 
 `` you are going to supply me . 
 anything i want , any quantity , and i 'll pay street price . 
 no haggling . 
 my baba joon would be so disappointed if he knew i did n't haggle . '' 
 something hard flashed in her eyes . 
 `` in return , i wo n't tell the principal or the police that you 've been f ** king mr. wilke . 
 i also wo n't tell them that he f ** ked me . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` because that would be a felony . 
 since i 'm seventeen . '' 
 i uncrossed my arms and stepped toward her . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm talking about the fact that i can lie . '' 
 `` you 're insane , '' i said . 
 `` it 'll never hold up . 
 there 's no evidence . '' 
 `` is n't there ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` mr. wilke has been seen in many compromising situations . 
 like showing up at my party . 
 and being in a locked classroom with both of us . 
 which wesley conveniently preserved on film . 
 my baba will hire the best lawyers . 
 his poor little girl , taken advantage of . '' 
 she laughed smoke into my face . 
 `` i see you thinking about pushing me . 
 but you wo n't . 
 you 'll do exactly what i say . 
 because you belong to me now . 
 you 're my toy . '' 
 if there is a god , or an allah , or anything , i thought , strike this bitch down . 
 please . 
 `` this is non-negotiable , '' hiyam said . 
 `` if you work with me , it can be a mutually beneficial partnership . 
 if you f ** k me , it will be a master-slave arrangement . 
 up to you . '' 
 she flicked her cigarette off the roof . 
 `` i 've got big plans for new year 's . 
 i 'll be in touch before then . '' 
 she left me there , and i stared at the cherry burning on the wet asphalt far below , thinking , there i am . 
 down there . 
 that 's me . 
 after a minute , the fire went out . 
 my frozen hand would n't turn the key properly , but it did n't matter . 
 as soon as he heard me at the door , evan opened it , took one look at me , and pulled me inside , crushing me to his chest . 
 `` i thought you would n't come , '' he whispered . 
 it was dusk , the sky striped pink and baby blue , all gentle annihilation . 
 i could see the gibbous moon , a milky eye peering through a pastel curtain . 
 his apartment was dark , christmas lights off . 
 tinsel glinted in the gloom like tiny cuts in the air . 
 i had walked there and i was chilled to the core and he took off my coat , settled me on the couch with a blanket , started water for tea . 
 i let him fuss , trying to steel myself inside . 
 but when he knelt before me and took my hands in his , looking up with wet eyes , i could n't hold it anymore . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , starting to cry . 
 `` i was so careless . 
 this is my fault . '' 
 `` we were both careless . 
 it 's no one 's fault . '' 
 the tea kettle whistled . 
 he waited until my tears slowed before he got it . 
 harden up , i thought . 
 do n't manipulate him . 
 do the right f ** king thing , for once . 
 i took a few sips of hot tea and said , `` need something stronger . '' 
 he came back with two tumblers and a bottle of old forester . 
 `` i ca n't believe wesley would do this , '' i said as i drank . 
 oak and vanilla , burning in the back of my throat . 
 evan sat on the floor on the other side of the coffee table . 
 he peered into the thick syrup in his glass . 
 `` i talked to him after school . '' 
 i went still . 
 `` i told him no matter what he thought of me , it was wrong to do this to you . 
 you 're innocent . 
 i 'll have other jobs , other opportunities to not f ** k up fantastically , but this is your one and only senior year . '' 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 but i think he understood . '' 
 evan sighed . 
 `` i know you do n't want to hear it right now , but i think he really does care about you . '' 
 `` he 's a stalker and a traitor . 
 he can go f ** k himself . '' 
 evan raised his face . 
 he looked so exhausted . 
 he looked , for the first time , old . 
 `` well , for what it 's worth , he promised he would n't say anything . '' 
 not that it mattered , thanks to hiyam . 
 `` you know what 's been bothering me most ? '' 
 evan said . 
 `` this is a measure of how f ** ked up my reality is right now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` telling you to leave class . '' 
 i swallowed , not looking at him . 
 the fumes in my throat mellowed into burnt sugar . 
 `` i get it . 
 i was disruptive . 
 you had to be the teacher . '' 
 `` it felt wrong . '' 
 it was comforting , that it had also made him uncomfortable . 
 i took another long sip , filling my chest with fire . 
 when i breathed i tasted all the winter decay , the sweet rotten leaves and pulped wood that lay under the ice outside . 
 i was suffused with a sense of things ending . 
 louis the pony sat on the couch beside me , and i wrapped my arms around him . 
 `` i ca n't believe i f ** ked this up , '' i said . 
 so cocky . 
 so sure of myself . 
 not realizing-not in a visceral , gut-twisting way-how much danger evan was in . 
 how could i let this happen ? 
 i should have guarded him . 
 i should have been the one protecting him . 
 he kicked my foot beneath the table . 
 `` you did n't f ** k it up . 
 we 're here , are n't we ? 
 it sounds weird , but it 's almost relieving . 
 we could n't have kept doing this , maise . 
 and i do n't like what it was doing to us . '' 
 i did n't like that he apparently agreed with wesley . 
 `` it 's relieving that you might be fired ? '' 
 `` listen . '' 
 in the dark all i could make out was glass and shine . 
 moonlight filtered through the whiskey , casting eerie maple stains on the carpet . 
 `` i made a decision today . 
 one way or another , i 'm quitting . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 his socked feet bounced against mine . 
 `` they need a permanent sub at carbondale community . 
 one of the teachers was diagnosed with cancer . 
 tragic , of course , but such is life . 
 go terriers . '' 
 i put my glass down . 
 `` which class ? '' 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 `` which class ? '' 
 `` speech . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` the point is , '' he said , `` i wo n't be your teacher anymore . 
 no more f ** ked-up power imbalance . 
 no more hiding . '' 
 `` and what , we 'll see each other on weekends ? 
 carbondale 's like an hour from here . 
 your commute will suck . 
 why bother ? 
 you should stay and i 'll just - '' `` move in , '' he said , touching my hand on the table . 
 flatline . 
 neither of us spoke . 
 then we both did at the same time . 
 `` i know it 's kind of soon - '' he said , while i said , `` are you f ** king serious - '' he laughed . 
 i did n't . 
 `` i am serious , '' he said . 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 you 're insane . '' 
 `` insanely serious . '' 
 i stood up , louis and the blanket slipping to the floor . 
 i started to walk-not toward the door , necessarily ; i just needed to move . 
 evan was up and after me in a heartbeat . 
 he grabbed my shoulders . 
 i wrestled away . 
 now i was heading for the door . 
 `` maise , '' he said . 
 `` wait . 
 please . '' 
 i waited . 
 `` did i freak you out ? 
 too much , too soon ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` jesus . 
 god . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 he stood behind me , pressed his body against mine . 
 slid his hands around my waist . 
 his touch was light , tender . 
 i could have easily stepped out of it . 
 he did n't prompt me . 
 he did n't say teacherly things : what do you think ? 
 -lrb- this is a mistake . -rrb- 
 what do you feel ? 
 -lrb- terrified . -rrb- 
 what 's the theme of this conversation ? 
 -lrb- bad decisions . -rrb- 
 he just held me . 
 supported me . 
 loved me . 
 and i started talking . 
 `` i 'm afraid , '' i said to the shadows . 
 `` i 'm f ** king terrified . 
 other people know about us . 
 even if you leave riverland , they can still come after you . '' 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 he said against my hair . 
 i shook my head , unwilling to explain . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 even if they did n't , i 'd still be afraid . '' 
 okay . 
 here it comes . 
 here is the hardest thing i am going to say . 
 be a f ** king lion . 
 one two three roar . 
 `` i love you , evan . 
 i know i 've already said it a million ways , but it 's really hard for me to accept and actually say out loud like this . 
 i love you . 
 god , i love you , i love you , and it 's scary and overwhelming and when you say you 're quitting your job and want me to move in , i panic . 
 because i 've never grown up . 
 i 'm stuck , like peter pan . 
 i do n't know how to have a grown-up relationship , i do n't know how to live with someone , i do n't know how to be with you outside of this teacher-student thing , and today proved how much i fail at that . 
 i pretend to be this person i 'm not when inside i 'm a scared little kid , waiting for someone to tell me it 's okay . '' 
 he turned me around and i would n't look at him . 
 he touched my jaw . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm f ** king terrified . 
 i 'm just a kid inside , evan . '' 
 `` so am i. '' he stroked my hair . 
 `` maise , so am i. nobody knows how to be a grown-up . 
 we 're all just pretending for each other . 
 it takes some people their entire lives to figure out what you already know . '' 
 out of everything i ever learned from evan wilke , i think that lesson was the most important : that none of us actually grow up . 
 we get bigger , and older , but part of us always retains that small rabbit heart , trembling furiously , secretively , with wonder and fear . 
 there 's no irony in it . 
 no semantics or subtext . 
 only red blood and green grass and silver stars . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' evan said . 
 `` we 're in this together , hand in hand , against the world . '' 
 he was holding mine , and i thought of that moment in august when we teetered a hundred feet above oblivion , my fear spread out across the night , waiting to devour me . 
 the way i 'd held his hand and laughed in its face . 
 `` here 's looking at you , kid , '' he said . 
 and he kissed me . 
 and we lived happily ever after . 
 until the next morning . 
 i woke early , told him i had errands to run , and left the warm heaven of his bed for the rough cold world outside . 
 i did n't mention hiyam . 
 how i could n't trust her to keep mum even if i did her bidding . 
 how the thought of him ever having to step into a courtroom because of me made me sick . 
 i 'd put him in enough danger . 
 the right thing to do now was to walk away . 
 sever it cleanly . 
 i did n't let myself think of it as the last time , or i never would 've been able to step out the door . 
 when ilsa got on that plane , i do n't think she thought of it as the last time , either . 
 we never do . 
 if we did , the airlines would go out of business . 
 it 's always goodbye with the mouth and until we meet again with the heart . 
 i walked home , my chest feeling weird , heavy and light at the same time . 
 i stood in the living room doorway where mom had stood homecoming night , looking at the couch . 
 i knew i was in love with him that night , but he would n't let me say it . 
 people know their feelings much sooner than they consciously accept them . 
 when did you realize you were in love with me , mr. wilke ? 
 mom 's bedroom door opened soundlessly . 
 i had years of practicing my ninja skills on her . 
 she lay facedown on the pillow , her snore like a saw going at aged oak even through three inches of cotton . 
 i padded over to the nightstand and picked up her phone . 
 five minutes later , i had a brunch date . 
 `` pleasure to see you again , maise , '' gary rivero said . 
 i let him take my hand and squeeze . 
 cool bluish light fell over us , bright but heatless . 
 the white tablecloth glowed like snow . 
 quinn sat at an adjacent table and nodded at me , his scalp shining through his crew-cut . 
 `` thanks for sending a cab , '' i said . 
 gary waved it off . 
 he wore a charcoal gray suit and pink shirt today , his hair a wave of brushed metal . 
 his seawater eyes always seemed to be smiling even when his mouth was n't . 
 `` i was surprised , and delighted , to hear from you , '' he said . 
 silverware clinked musically across the room . 
 rich aromas of frying butter and bacon grease drifted from the kitchen . 
 we 'd been seated in an empty area ; gary had some understanding with the staff . 
 `` i 've been thinking about our talk , '' i said . 
 i knew i should n't be too specific . 
 discussing business with these people was an art of subtlety and double-speak . 
 `` and i may have a solution to that problem you mentioned . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' gary said , sipping his coffee . 
 `` but we can talk about that later . '' 
 he smiled , put his cup down , and peered at my face searchingly . 
 `` i 'd like to know more about you , maise . '' 
 i stirred sugar into my cup . 
 `` what is it you 'd like to know , mr. rivero ? 
 what i look like nak * d ? 
 how much it 'll cost you to sleep with me ? '' 
 i tapped my spoon , set it down . 
 `` those things are never going to happen . 
 that 's where my boundaries are . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 `` i do n't think you understand . 
 if i wanted those things , they would happen , sweetheart . 
 but i do n't . 
 all i want is to get to know you as a person . '' 
 i hoped he could n't see me swallow . 
 i took a sip of my sugar-and-cream coffee . 
 `` so , '' he said , `` let 's talk to each other like human beings . 
 what kind of person are you ? '' 
 `` trustworthy . '' 
 gary 's mouth quirked wryly . 
 `` everyone says they 're trustworthy . 
 you may as well tell me you 're breathing . '' 
 i thought of wesley betraying me , the sinking weight it had left in my stomach . 
 `` in my case , it 's true . 
 i can prove it . '' 
 `` and how is that ? '' 
 gary said , signaling for the waiter . 
 `` by showing you i can keep a secret . '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` i 've been keeping a big one for the past few months . 
 a dangerous one . 
 it could send someone to jail . '' 
 gary lifted his hand again , this time to tell the waiter to back off . 
 his eyes stayed laser-focused on me . 
 `` what secret is that , sweetheart ? '' 
 i could not believe the first person i would legitimately tell about this was a f ** king druglord , but exactly which part of my life so far has been anything near normal ? 
 `` i 'm having an affair with my teacher , '' i said . 
 and i told him the whole thing . 
 it just spilled out of me , as if i 'd been waiting , dying , to tell someone , and although i was slightly horrified at myself , it felt so f ** king relieving to finally get it out . 
 this man had no actual interest in my life . 
 it was like talking to a psychiatrist , or a priest . 
 a blessed unburdening . 
 i omitted wesley and hiyam , of course , and when i was done gary drank his now-cold coffee and sat back with a new look in his eyes . 
 `` i have a daughter your age , '' he said . 
 `` if any man did that to her , i 'd kill him . '' 
 some dads make threats to prove they 're doing their job of caring . 
 in mr. rivero 's case , i 'm pretty sure he meant it literally . 
 `` do you believe me now ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` do i believe you 're trustworthy ? 
 no . '' 
 he tapped a finger on the table . 
 `` trust is something you earn by actions , not words . 
 but i do believe you can keep your mouth shut , and that suits me . '' 
 he signaled the waiter again , and said , `` i never talk business while i 'm hungry , maise . 
 so let 's eat . '' 
 i made it through the entire day without reading evan 's texts . 
 but that night in bed , i felt like a million wires were hooked into my skin , pulling me in every direction . 
 i slipped a hoodie on and climbed onto the gentle slope of the roof outside my window , laying back on the shingles , garbage 's `` beloved freak '' on repeat in my earbuds . 
 ice at the base of my neck , exploding hydrogen and new galaxies being born a hundred billion miles above me . 
 i could n't risk hiyam 's threat . 
 it was over between us , just like that , in one apocalyptic afternoon . 
 my fist hit the shingles and fire shot up my nerves . 
 i raised my hand : blood welled black in the starlight . 
 then i screamed at the sky , wordless , meaningless , raw animal pain , and the stars shook with light . 
 fuck all of this , i thought . 
 fuck how i 've lost everything good in my life . 
 fuck how everyone uses me , abandons me , throws me away . 
 fuck how i use them and abandon them because i do n't know any better . 
 tonight we were supposed to be in chicago , in the great silver city by the lake . 
 fuck you , wesley . 
 and f ** k you mom , and f ** k you dad , and f ** k you hiyam . 
 fuck you , siobhan , for not teaching your son better . 
 and f ** k you , evan . 
 fuck you for being my teacher . 
 fuck you for letting me fall in love with you . 
 fuck you for existing . 
 i could n't lay still any longer . 
 i stood , balancing precariously in my socks on the freezing shingles , and crept to the edge to look at the starlit yard below , a duotone landscape of blue shadow and white frost , my ghost-bodied breath swirling over the emptiness . 
 the grass looked soft , like dark velvet . 
 the odds of dying from a twenty-foot fall were pretty low . 
 why not ? 
 i thought . 
 why not just let go , trust the earth to catch me ? 
 why not take the risk of getting a subdural hematoma and dying in my sleep ? 
 sweet dreams forever , little girl . 
 you have a lion 's heart . 
 you are n't afraid to live . 
 goddamn him . 
 he was right . 
 i sat on the roof 's edge , my legs dangling over the yard , my heart hanging over infinity , and sang to myself and the silent night . 
 that week , i buried myself in college apps and ignored my phone . 
 the only person i planned to answer was gary . 
 evan texted , called , emailed , and on wednesday finally showed up at the house . 
 i walked onto the porch in my socks and pajamas and told him , without crying , that i could n't see him anymore . 
 he asked in a soft , heart-breaking voice if i wanted to go talk somewhere and i declined in what might have been coherent english and closed the door . 
 i made it all the way to my room , to my desk , shaking the whole time , before i lost it . 
 wednesday and thursday were a blur . 
 i was a quantum haze of probability . 
 the likeliness of a girl crying her heart out . 
 on friday i broke down and walked to his apartment , but his car was gone . 
 i waited for hours in the cold , refusing to call , at first very serious and stoic but eventually so bored i made snow angels and threw slushballs at his balcony . 
 for some reason i was fixated on the idea of explaining everything to him in person . 
 calling seemed too needy . 
 this was the kind of logic i was operating on : none . 
 i went back saturday morning and his car was still gone . 
 he had to be in st. louis . 
 gary had given me a small stipend for `` business expenses . '' 
 i took a cab to carbondale and spent the day in the mall , watching the ashen , dead-eyed christmas shoppers with my headphones on , waiting for the midnight greyhound . 
 i kept falling asleep on the bus , drifting in and out of a reverie of reunion , apologizing , telling him about the blackmail , figuring out some brilliant plan where we could still be together . 
 mostly i focused on how it would feel to touch him again , to be held by warm solid smoke . 
 i tried to think of his face but it was all shadow and fog . 
 when i got off in stl i felt like i was walking on the moon , everything freezing and too bright , my body floating over the pavement . 
 i shivered the entire taxi ride . 
 i could see the loft lights from the street , and a huge weight rolled off of me . 
 thank you , jesus . 
 i ran to the elevator , my breath clouding inside the cage . 
 my heart beat wildly as i opened the front door . 
 movie cliche : i walk in on him with another woman . 
 reality : i walk in on a stranger with another woman . 
 a guy i 'd never seen before looked up at me in shock from the couch . 
 behind him , a woman turned away , straightening her dress . 
 `` oh , '' i said , standing there like an idiot . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 the guy got up and moved toward me swiftly . 
 short , around my height . 
 he was asian , tanned , spiky black hair , light goatee . 
 and totally ripped , muscle bulging beneath his tight silk shirt and jeans . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 he said with strained politeness . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i repeated . 
 `` i was looking for evan . '' 
 the man frowned . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` it 's the weekend , '' i said helplessly , starting to back up . 
 `` we 're usually here . 
 i thought - '' a light went on in the guy 's eyes . 
 `` oh , shit . 
 you 're eric 's girlfriend . 
 right ? '' 
 i stopped backing up . 
 in my head , every single neuron swiveled a spotlight on that word . 
 eric . 
 `` right , '' i said slowly . 
 `` eric wilke . '' 
 and i heard evan 's voice in my head saying , now i was her only child . 
 the guy 's posture relaxed . 
 `` he said he was going out of town this weekend . 
 i did n't know you 'd be here . '' 
 `` we must have miscommunicated , '' i said glibly , amazed at my poise when my brain was screeching with static . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt your evening . '' 
 the woman came up behind the guy , touching his arm . 
 `` park ? '' 
 `` it 's okay , honey , '' asian guy said . 
 `` just a mix-up . 
 this is my buddy 's girlfriend ... '' he raised his eyebrows at me . 
 `` maise , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i - '' `` come in , '' he said , stepping aside . 
 `` please . 
 i 'm park . 
 jun-yeong , but everyone calls me park . 
 this is kara . '' 
 kara , bleach-blond and tan , her boobs squeezing out of her tube dress like toothpaste , kept her eyes on me . 
 i must have looked pitiful , shivering and bedraggled , drained from days of weeping and bone-breaking angst like some consumptive victorian her ** ne , but still she stared at me as if i might run off with her boyfriend any minute . 
 focus on kara and her ridiculous boobs . 
 focus on anything but the horror building in me . 
 park led me to the kitchen . 
 `` cocoa , '' he said , `` tea , coffee ? 
 or there 's some bourbon - '' he turned around and gave me a funny look . 
 `` are you old enough to drink ? '' 
 `` twenty-one , '' i said smoothly . 
 kara raised her eyebrows . 
 kara did n't look much older than twenty-one herself . 
 `` what 's your poison ? '' 
 park said . 
 `` tea , please . '' 
 i desperately wanted alcohol , but getting drunk around strangers was never smart . 
 kara 's phone rang . 
 she left the kitchen to answer it . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' i told park . 
 my voice sounded like an answering machine , tinny and small . 
 `` i did n't mean to ruin your evening . '' 
 `` actually , '' he said in a conspiratorial whisper , `` let 's hope that 's a ` friend ' who has an 'em ergency . ' '' 
 he widened his eyes . 
 kara called him over . 
 he set a mug on the counter . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i warmed my hands on the cup . 
 my head felt like a shattered mug that had been inexpertly glued back together , and now it was leaking something scalding . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' kara hissed , loud enough for me to hear . 
 `` jen 's having an emergency . 
 and i 'm not into babysitting teenagers . '' 
 `` okay , honey . 
 i 'm sorry about this . 
 i 'll call . '' 
 kissing sounds . 
 kara moaned-for my benefit , i thought . 
 the door closed , and park reappeared in the kitchen , rolling his eyes in relief . 
 `` you do n't like your girlfriend ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 've been trying to break it off for like , three weeks . '' 
 `` how long have you been seeing her ? '' 
 `` three weeks . '' 
 i laughed , maybe too harshly . 
 park poured himself a rum and coke and sat one stool away from me . 
 `` things going bad with you and eric ? '' 
 god , it was like a bullet in the chest every time . 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` well , you showed up without him . 
 and you did n't know he 's in chicago this weekend . '' 
 chicago . 
 chicago . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on , '' i said emptily . 
 park took a drink , looked at me , took another drink , and then said , `` how old are you really ? '' 
 `` eighteen . '' 
 `` shit , '' he said . 
 `` high school ? '' 
 this gave me a feeling of mortal dread . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 he rubbed a hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` what did you call him , when you came in ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` eric ? '' 
 maybe he 'd forget . 
 `` you called him something else . '' 
 i turned to face this stranger . 
 i could smell his cologne , hard and clean and slightly alcoholic . 
 despite being built like a brick shithouse , there was something innocent and soft in his face . 
 it made me not want to lie to him . 
 `` i called him evan , '' i said . 
 park 's eyes scanned me rapidly . 
 `` are you in trouble ? '' 
 `` what trouble ? '' 
 `` are you pregnant ? '' 
 i 'm pretty sure my eyebrows briefly touched the roof . 
 `` no . 
 jesus , what kind of question is that ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 had to ask . '' 
 park took another drink . 
 `` did you drive up here ? '' 
 `` greyhound . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 it 's pretty late . 
 i 'm going to head home . 
 i have another place downtown . 
 you can stay here tonight . '' 
 he took his phone out . 
 `` i 'll give you my number . 
 just in case . '' 
 he even made sure i had enough money to get home in the morning . 
 so much for the friend being `` kind of a douchebag . '' 
 another lie , i guess . 
 when park looked at me , there was something sad in his eyes . 
 i refused to see it as pity . 
 then i was alone in this apartment where i had fallen in love with a man who did n't exist . 
 at first i curled up in bed , but i felt like i was going to vomit . 
 so i dragged a blanket to the couch , but we 'd had sex there , too . 
 and in the bathroom , and the kitchen , and pretty much everywhere in this f ** king place . 
 i stared to cry , standing in the middle of the loft , surrounded by memories . 
 no . 
 fuck that . 
 i booted the pc in the small office area . 
 guest login . 
 browser window . 
 google search : eric wilke westchester illinois . 
 his face . 
 a hundred different photos of him , thirtysomething , twentysomething , teensomething . 
 him in high school : debate team , drama club -lrb- not lying about being a nerd -rrb- . 
 college at nu -lrb- also not a lie -rrb- . 
 then back to high school , to teach . 
 awards . 
 honors . 
 regional competitions . 
 and for what ? 
 what class did he teach ? 
 acting . 
 there was no brother . 
 not even an identical twin . 
 this is n't the f ** king syfy channel . 
 he had been eric . 
 now he was evan . 
 why ? 
 and why did he lie about it ? 
 what else had he lied about ? 
 where does he go on his days off and why does he sit in his car for hours , talking to himself ? 
 jesus , was this going to be some silence of the lambs shit ? 
 did i really want to know what was eating eric/evan wilke ? 
 yes . 
 of course i did . 
 i want to talk , i texted him monday . 
 can i come over ? 
 yes . 
 should i pick you up ? 
 i 'll walk . 
 i took my time . 
 if following hiyam felt like walking to my execution , this was like walking to my own funeral . 
 when i stepped up to the coffin and peered inside , i was pretty sure i 'd see the big bloody red thing currently throbbing in my chest . 
 there was snow on my shoes when i stood at his door , trickling into the carpet , staining it like ink . 
 i thought of ilsa 's letter and the ink running in the rain . 
 the man who opened the door had a scruffy beard , dark circles like camera lenses around his eyes , and the thousand-yard stare of a frightened little boy . 
 turn around , i thought . 
 run . 
 this is going to hurt . 
 there 's no point . 
 i stepped inside . 
 signs of depression : dishes piled in a jenga tower in the sink ; dirty glasses on the coffee table next to the empty old forester ; the fact that he was in pajamas at two p.m. and had some kind of echidna growing on his face . 
 `` you 're living like a slob , eric , '' i said . 
 he did n't flinch . 
 his brow furrowed , his eyes tightening into that beautiful squint . 
 i turned away . 
 `` i talked to park , '' i said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` so let 's hear it , '' i said , walking around , poking at things , tickling the garland on the christmas tree and making it shiver with a furry sound . 
 `` let 's hear your sob story . 
 should i make popcorn ? '' 
 `` i want you to know something first , '' he said . 
 `` i never - '' `` stop . '' 
 i spun around , staring at him with my jaw set . 
 `` do n't soften me up . 
 just tell me . '' 
 he walked toward me , palms up , pleading , so ridiculous and disheveled and heart-breaking in the cold afternoon light . 
 `` it 's not that simple , maise . 
 there 's so much - '' `` let 's make it simple , '' i said , crossing my arms . 
 `` tell me why you lied about your name . '' 
 he opened his mouth , shook his head . 
 swallowed . 
 started to speak again and stopped . 
 god , how do you ever plan to teach a speech class ? 
 i thought . 
 `` i did n't lie , '' he said at last . 
 `` i had it changed legally . '' 
 `` is that why you were in court that day ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why did you change it ? '' 
 he swallowed again . 
 `` there 's a situation i needed to separate myself from . '' 
 `` jesus . 
 stop talking in circles and just tell me - '' `` i had a relationship with a student , '' he said . 
 my arms unfolded of their own will . 
 the ruby in my chest finally split . 
 i stood there full of released light and blood and a hundred crimson shards . 
 `` it was two years ago , '' he said . 
 `` it was completely over when i met you . 
 but it ended badly , and the student had some-issues with me . '' 
 the student . 
 the student . 
 `` a high school girl , '' i said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how old ? '' 
 he sighed , long and deep . 
 his shoulders had a concave , defensive arc . 
 `` seventeen when it started . 
 eighteen when it ended . '' 
 i did n't really care about her age . 
 i was trying to work up to the `` issues . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he spoke to the floor . 
 `` she was infatuated with me . 
 and i made a huge mistake in returning it . 
 i kept telling myself it was just a crush , an emotional affair , that it would never go farther than that . 
 but i was lying to myself . 
 i let it get to the point where we could act on it , and we did . 
 one time . '' 
 `` and someone found out ? '' 
 i said , amazed by my detachment . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` so why - '' my mouth fell open . 
 it hit me as he said it . 
 `` she got pregnant . '' 
 `` oh my f ** king god , '' i said , my voice suddenly way too loud , way too big for this sad little scene . 
 `` do you have a kid ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` no , maise . '' 
 he only managed to look at me in slivers of glances , like knife slashes . 
 `` what happened to it ? '' 
 `` she miscarried . '' 
 i was going to throw up . 
 `` jesus fuck , evan . 
 eric . 
 whoever you f ** king are . '' 
 `` i did n't abandon her , '' he said quickly . 
 `` she was eighteen when it happened and we talked it over and i told her i 'd do whatever she wanted . 
 i was ready to accept all consequences . 
 her parents , the school , the police , whatever . 
 but she cut me off , and i thought that was it . 
 i resigned . 
 i moved away . 
 and then she came after me . 
 her friends knew about it , and they tried to make my life hell . 
 like it was n't already . '' 
 i laughed , dry and hoarse and cruel . 
 `` so you changed your name and started over here , so you could do it all over again . '' 
 `` no , '' he said earnestly . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 that 's why i was so careful with you . 
 why i kept asking your age . '' 
 `` you did n't care about my age , '' i said , spitting the words . 
 `` you just cared about not coming inside me . '' 
 he lowered his face , his eyes closing as if he was in pain . 
 `` god , '' i said . 
 for an insane moment i wanted to tear down the christmas tree , rip it to shreds . 
 destroy something beautiful , the way a child would . 
 `` i 'm so f ** king stupid . 
 i thought we had an actual connection . 
 i thought you saw me for who i really am . 
 i 'm so f ** king gullible i actually convinced myself i was special . '' 
 `` you are special , '' he said softly . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm just young . '' 
 i put my hand on an ornament , metallic red , fragile and cool as ice , and squeezed and squeezed until it popped and the shards stabbed into my skin . 
 `` you know what ? 
 you are an amazing actor . 
 i never once doubted you were this character you 're playing . '' 
 `` i know this is a lot for you to process , '' he said . 
 i laughed again . 
 `` it really is . 
 did you go see her ? 
 is that why you were in chicago ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why were you in chicago ? 
 where have you been going when you 're not with me ? '' 
 his brow wrinkled . 
 `` wesley saw you , '' i said . 
 `` in your car . 
 talking to yourself . '' 
 `` he was watching me ? '' 
 `` god , please . 
 you do n't get to be offended right now . '' 
 `` i was seeing my mother , '' he said , not looking at my face . 
 `` because you made me realize i did n't want to carry this darkness around the rest of my life . '' 
 he shook his head , still not facing me . 
 `` and wesley was watching , and reporting to you . 
 that 's great . 
 that 's really normal and healthy , maise . '' 
 i ground the shards into my palm . 
 `` i did n't f ** king know . 
 and you should talk about normal and healthy , eric . '' 
 `` i think we should take some time apart . 
 to process all of this . '' 
 `` you think i should take some time , while you sit here feeling sorry for yourself for seducing another student . '' 
 `` i did n't know you were in school . '' 
 i walked toward him , flinging blood-edged shards onto the carpet . 
 `` is n't that the first f ** king thing you should 've asked ? 
 ` hi , i 'm a teacher and i knocked up a student . 
 are you in high school ? ' '' 
 he looked at me now , but his face was all self-pity . 
 `` you did n't seem that young . 
 when i talked to you , it was like talking to someone i 'd known my whole life . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 is that the same line you used on her ? '' 
 `` i did n't use any f ** king line on her , '' he snapped . 
 good , i thought . 
 get mad . 
 show me you have actual emotions beyond regret that you got caught . 
 `` she came on to me , maise . 
 i 'm not saying it was n't my fault , but it was n't equal . 
 not like us . 
 she wanted someone to adore , and i let my ego get out of control . 
 it was a mistake . 
 you were never a mistake . '' 
 i did n't want to hear any more of this . 
 i wanted to go home . 
 i started for the door and he did n't lift a finger to stop me . 
 did n't even speak . 
 i stopped with my hand on the cold knob , breathing crazily hard . 
 `` there 's something i want you to know , '' i said without turning around . 
 `` this is the biggest thing that 's ever happened to me . 
 you , and all of this . 
 you changed my life . 
 who i am . 
 how i think and feel and see the world . '' 
 i breathed out through my teeth . 
 `` but to you i 'm just another student you f ** ked . 
 the one you did n't knock up . 
 i guess that 's why this was never going to work . 
 we 're not equal . '' 
 i slammed his door behind me the way i 'd wanted to in class . 
 somehow i made it down the stairs without falling or throwing myself down them , through the door without punching the glass out , to my room and my bed without harming myself or others , and then i felt something stinging my hand and looked down at the mess of red glitter and bloody splinters in my palm , and i finally started crying . 
 black days . 
 days when i stayed up until four , five in the morning , slept till afternoon , got up only to exhaust myself enough to sleep again , dozing in and out until dawn . 
 i did not want to be awake . 
 awake meant crying like a baby , a pathetic quivering puddle of saltwater and skin . 
 wesleypedia once told me that the heart and brain are 73 % water . 
 even our bones are full of it . 
 it made sense , then , why i could n't stop f ** king crying . 
 my body was made from this stuff . 
 hydrogen , the same thing stars burned to shine , smashing atoms together until they fused in a brilliant burst of light , the same thing it felt like my heart was doing to the water inside me . 
 on new year 's eve , hiyam sent her driver to pick me up . 
 in her bedroom , surrounded by peach satin and white wicker and the virginal flora of girl perfume , i sold her an 8-ball for two c 's . 
 she said i was robbing her until i watched her do a line off a hand mirror , her eyes switching on like lightbulbs , bright and empty . 
 hollow glass . 
 `` fuck me . 
 oh , f ** k me . '' 
 she sat back , laughing . 
 `` god , o'malley . 
 get me more . '' 
 i went home and slept through the turning of the year . 
 on the first day of second semester , i stood outside room 209 with hiyam and a few other kids while the third period bell rang . 
 the class was dark , the door locked . 
 a note taped to it read : film studies has been discontinued . 
 please see your guidance counselor for course reassignment . 
 hiyam raised an eyebrow at me , smirking . 
 in an alternate universe , i pushed her off the roof . 
 after school , i went to his apartment . 
 his car was n't in the lot . 
 his name had been scraped off the mailbox . 
 no christmas lights on his balcony . 
 he was gone . 
 i walked home in a daze , so out of it i did n't even notice what was sitting on the doormat until i accidentally kicked it . 
 louis , the sad little pony , looking at me dolefully with his too-human eyes . 
 i picked him up and sank to my knees , hugging him to my chest . 
 -10 - january . 
 dull . 
 gray . 
 dead . 
 i spent lunches in the library writing college application essays . 
 sometimes britt would join me . 
 sometimes she would ask , timorously , about mr. wilke . 
 she 'd heard he 'd gone to another school . 
 she 'd always thought he was so nice . 
 i stared at her as if she was talking about a stranger . 
 she was . 
 hiyam and i ended up in art appreciation together . 
 when she asked if i wanted to hang out after school , i laughed in her face , loud and cold , and for a moment she actually looked hurt . 
 then she smiled and said , `` you bitch , '' in a way that was both scoffing and admiring . 
 every now and then i 'd pass wesley in the halls . 
 he kept his head down , but he was too tall to hide . 
 i looked at him and felt nothing . 
 no hate , no regret . 
 just dull gray deadness . 
 hiyam kept pushing me for larger amounts of coke . 
 i told her no . 
 gary had prepped me for this : if i ever got caught , i wanted to be charged with possession , not intent to deliver . 
 both were felonies , but possession for a first-time offender would likely result in probation . 
 anything more than an 8-ball would look like intent to deliver . 
 plus he did n't trust me with that much powdered cash . 
 `` you 're a smart girl , sweetheart , '' he said when i met him in a restaurant , `` and that 's why i do n't trust you . 
 you 'd rip me off and disappear , and you 're clever enough to get away with it . '' 
 he asked what i thought of his product , and i told him i had no idea . 
 i did n't use . 
 this made his eyebrows go up . 
 `` very smart girl , '' he said . 
 now that my two-faced teacher was gone , i could 've stopped dealing . 
 hiyam was no threat . 
 but part of me thought : f ** k it . 
 i 'd never gotten a call back from all those job apps . 
 wesley , whose family had money , who had the luxury of stalking me with his expensive camera , was the one who got a job . 
 i got fuck-all and a mom who stole my college fund . 
 the universe seemed intent on presenting me with narrow , unsavory options . 
 maybe it was time i accepted it . 
 for a horrifying moment , i could understand how my mother made certain choices . 
 sometimes life just shoveled endless shit in your face until you threw down your spade and said , fuck it , i 'll find another way . 
 i sat in my classes , staring at the bleak brown landscape pulverized by snow , decaying from the inside . 
 with him , winter had been glitter and auroras and feathery snowflakes falling out of the sky . 
 now it was smashed up and filthy , banal . 
 rust and rot and endless gray . 
 things i did n't expect to do my senior year : become a drug dealer . 
 become my mother . 
 find and lose the love of my life . 
 one saturday i went downstairs and wesley was sitting in my living room . 
 `` the f ** k is this ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` babe , '' mom said , `` he says he wants to apologize . '' 
 `` maise , '' wesley called . 
 i was halfway back up to my room . 
 `` what , '' i said . 
 not a question . 
 the banister creaked under my hand . 
 `` you have every right to hate me . 
 what i did was wrong , okay ? 
 really , really wrong . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 can i talk to you , please ? '' 
 mom stood watching us both with interest . 
 `` this is n't a soap opera , '' i snapped at her . 
 `` go amuse yourself elsewhere . '' 
 her eyes narrowed dangerously , but wesley 's pleading look assuaged her . 
 she wandered into the kitchen . 
 `` so talk , '' i said . 
 `` here ? '' 
 `` do you want to come up to my room ? 
 do you want to pet my hair and put your arm around me and tell me it 's all right ? 
 just say whatever the f ** k you have to say . '' 
 wesley grimaced , shrugging uncomfortably in his duffel coat . 
 `` look , i know there 's no excuse , okay ? 
 but i want you to know i 'm sorry , and i feel like shit . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` i thought he was using you . 
 hurting you . 
 i guess i wanted to see it that way , and i tried to make you see that , too . 
 it was wrong and i 'm sorry , maise . '' 
 i stared at the wallpaper running along the stairwell . 
 in normal families , there 'd be pictures here . 
 mom and dad . 
 nan and pop . 
 beloved daughter . 
 our wallpaper just had a yellowish film of cigarette smoke . 
 `` why were you at the carnival that night ? '' 
 `` summer job . 
 i ran the darts booth . '' 
 i laughed . 
 i 'd probably looked right at him and not given him a second thought . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 i said , glancing at him . 
 `` you always knew it was evan . '' 
 i still thought of him as evan . 
 it was his middle name , according to google . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 wesley sighed , cheeks puffing out , hair flopping over his eyes . 
 `` because it was your secret . 
 i wanted you to tell me yourself . 
 i wanted you to trust me with it . '' 
 `` you did n't deserve my trust , '' i said . 
 he looked at the stairs . 
 `` this is all moot anyway . 
 i 've got to study . '' 
 wesley wiped a hand across his face . 
 oh my god . 
 was he actually crying ? 
 `` you were right , '' he said , still facing the stairs , his voice deep and shaky . 
 `` you were right when you said you 're my only friend . 
 you 're the only person i care about who 's not family . 
 i do n't expect you to ever trust me again , but i 'm sorry . 
 i miss you . 
 mom misses you . 
 she was so pissed-don ' t worry , i did n't mention mr. wilke , but she 's told me how stupid i am a million times . '' 
 he sniffled . 
 `` i wish i could undo it . 
 i put your private life on display for everyone . 
 i thought i was saving you but i was just being a f ** king creep . 
 it 's messed up . 
 i know that . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he finally raised his head , but only managed to face the banister , not me . 
 his eyes were glassy , a sheen of wetness on his cheeks . 
 `` it 's not an excuse , but you 're right . 
 i 'm younger than you , maise . 
 way younger . 
 you 're years and years ahead . 
 and i did n't mean to hurt you or f ** k things up with him . 
 i 'm just a f ** king idiot kid . '' 
 he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing . 
 i swallowed , too . 
 my throat and the back of my eyes felt tight , pinched . 
 `` siobhan did n't call you stupid , '' i said . 
 `` i know her . 
 she probably called your actions stupid . '' 
 `` is n't that what i said , captain obvious ? '' 
 he muttered miserably . 
 i stared at him . 
 `` no , '' i said , and started to laugh . 
 `` you did n't , you sorry a ** hole . '' 
 my laughter died as quickly as it had come . 
 `` you did n't screw it up with me and evan . 
 you were right about him . '' 
 wesley finally looked at me . 
 `` he is n't who i thought he was . 
 and i guess i 'm not who i thought i was , either . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you know who i am ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` same as you . 
 a f ** king idiot kid . '' 
 slowly , over weeks , wesley and i started talking again . 
 eating lunch together , sometimes walking for miles when the roads were plowed , the fields flat and quilted with snow , our breath trailing mist as we talked about post-graduation plans . 
 siobhan invited me over for valentine 's day dinner and i melted into her arms , struggling not to cry . 
 she did n't say a word about evan but i knew she understood everything , and just seeing her , this amazing person i looked up to who 'd survived her own affair with a teacher , was enough . 
 `` to the only love that lasts , '' she said when we raised our champagne glasses . 
 `` the love of family and friends . '' 
 i clinked my glass with theirs , but it rang hollowly . 
 hiyam 's audacity knew no limits . 
 `` i 've got big plans for spring break , o'malley , '' she said as we sat in the back of art appreciation , waiting for the bell . 
 `` i need you to come through for me . '' 
 she hooked her elbows over the back of my chair , leaning close to my ear . 
 `` get me a key . '' 
 i burst out laughing . 
 `` you 're hilarious . '' 
 `` i 'm totally f ** king serious , '' she hissed , scraping a fingernail against my jaw . 
 `` you know what kind of cut you 'll get ? 
 you and your creepy boyfriend could move to hollywood . '' 
 she had taken to calling wesley my creepy boyfriend . 
 i turned around . 
 `` there is no reality , parallel or otherwise , in which i would do this . 
 you 're delusional . '' 
 `` i 'm disappointed , o'malley . 
 i thought the chance to blow this shithole would appeal to you . '' 
 `` it does . 
 but i do n't believe even you have that kind of money . '' 
 her face turned sly and vulpine . 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong . '' 
 `` right . 
 your dad 'll just let you take twenty grand out of your trust fund . '' 
 `` i 've been withdrawing small amounts for years . 
 i 've got thirty k he does n't even know about . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm not risking my life for your scarface fantasies . '' 
 `` you should reconsider , '' she said , leaning forward , `` or i 'll have to reconsider whether this arrangement is working out . '' 
 i stared her dead in the eyes . 
 `` he 's gone . 
 i have n't seen him in months . 
 that threat means nothing to me . '' 
 `` i did n't mean him going to jail , '' hiyam said , smiling . 
 `` i meant you . '' 
 `` hiyam 's blackmailing me again , '' i said to wesley as we sat on milk crates up in the water tower . 
 `` she 's threatening to narc . '' 
 i 'd told him everything that had happened with evan , including the blackmail and dealing . 
 he listened without judgment . 
 he said it would make an incredible movie . 
 i could n't disagree . 
 we spent hours thinking up titles . 
 white town . 
 snowglobe city . 
 the lights every night . 
 in a way , this was his penance for stalking me : acknowledging the secret i 'd bottled inside for so long . 
 listening to me crying , laughing , raging , sighing over it . 
 i could finally talk openly with someone who knew me , who knew how much of my life it had consumed . 
 now that i had n't seen evan in months and had started to forget the feel of his body , the chemical trance it put me in , the thing i missed most was simply hanging out with him . 
 watching movies together . 
 walking through st. louis , pretending to be characters from films . 
 staying up all night talking in bed . 
 the way we 'd be sitting silently in the car or a theater and see something ridiculous and look over at each other , smiling . 
 the way we 'd look at each other in class , through the absurdity of the lives we had to live , and sigh , knowing we 'd be in each other 's arms that night . 
 i missed the mundane things most . 
 the precious minutiae i 'd taken for granted . 
 wesley had asked why i still wore the claddagh ring if it was over , and i stared at it , not even realizing . 
 i 'd taken it off but kept it in my pocket , touching it sometimes , like a talisman . 
 `` how can she narc on you when she 's the buyer ? '' 
 he said now , shooting a stream of clove smoke at my face . 
 i chipped at the ice on the driftwood with my shoe . 
 it was so cold my eyelashes felt like a brittle fringe of frost that could crumble away in the wind . 
 `` i do n't know , but i need to get out of this . 
 it 's like i 'm in the middle of goodfellas . 
 this is way too serious to be my life , wesley . '' 
 from up here the world was white on white : white ground , white sky , the clouds shining mutedly and rippling with silver like mother-of-pearl . 
 there was a crystalline tension in the ground waiting to be shattered , all the buried living things raring to burst free and breathe again . 
 that same feeling was in me . 
 i was tired of this chrysalis of ice and frozen tears . 
 i wanted out . 
 i wanted to feel the sun again . 
 wesley had taken computer animation as his art elective . 
 he did n't have a camera glued to his eye anymore-now he was always lugging his laptop around , doing kinetic typography : text unfolding and cascading and flipping , word into word , a visual poem . 
 i was pretty sure he 'd shifted focus because of me and the stalking . 
 i knew he missed looking at the world through a lens . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` i just got an idea . '' 
 `` you have that crazy irish glint in your eyes . '' 
 i leaned toward him , doing my best gary rivero . 
 `` i 've got a job for you , sweetheart . '' 
 `` maise , i 'm your friend , but i am not getting involved in the trafficking of controlled substances . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` i need your particular skillset . 
 and , more importantly , your willingness to be a creep . '' 
 he shrugged self-consciously . 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 march . 
 acceptance letters . 
 a small pile of cash growing in my private bank account . 
 a dream of freedom and southern california sun . 
 and always , in my pocket , in my skin , in the back of my mind , the hollowness where he used to be . 
 the empty circle where my finger used to fit into the ring . 
 the crimson flakes and ruby dust strewn across the ledges of my ribs . 
 there were words for this feeling , but none of them conveyed the bone-deep ache of it , the grinding of cell against cell . 
 it pulled my body into itself , a black hole consuming me from the inside , turning my bones supermassive , as heavy as i was on the gravitron that night . 
 when i thought i would finally collapse into myself i realized it was him , pulling at me . 
 my skin stretched tight . 
 my heart pressed right up against the bars of my ribs . 
 i lay in the snow and watched the stars and even the earth was n't strong enough to hold me down . 
 a stronger gravity pulled at me . 
 and pulled . 
 and pulled . 
 it was a strange-looking building , more like an aerospace firm than a high school , steel struts curving gently against the sky with a sense of unfolding wings . 
 the campus was huge , and i spent nearly an hour walking around before i found the car i wanted . 
 i was cold in my wool leggings and skirt and thin coat . 
 i caught my reflection in a car window : the bones of my face too prominent , too chiseled , the hollows faintly violet . 
 not eating well . 
 not sleeping enough . 
 the cold got in because there was n't enough stuff between my bones and skin , just nerves hanging like spiderwebs , silvery and thin , undisturbed . 
 i sat on the hood of the car like i had a lifetime ago . 
 kids milled around the lot , yelling and laughing . 
 two cheerleaders walked past , one brown-skinned and one tan , ultra-white fluoride smiles . 
 go terriers , i thought . 
 he was n't paying attention and did n't notice me until he was a dozen feet away . 
 he stopped , the tension in him slowly unraveling until he stood there , slack and shocked . 
 jeans , dress shirt , blazer . 
 smooth-shaven , his hair shorter than it used to be . 
 that face i had been seeing in my dreams . 
 i swallowed as he walked toward me . 
 his eyes never left mine . 
 the closer he got the more bewildered he looked , and i thought , ridiculously , he does n't recognize me , but he dropped his messenger bag on the ground and raised his arms and i slid off the hood and hugged him , viciously . 
 we stood like that for a long time . 
 my eyes were closed . 
 i breathed too deeply , drinking in the familiar smell of him , insanely thinking i could hold it in me , preserve it . 
 the chest rising and falling against mine felt like warm summer earth , radiating stored sunlight into my bones . 
 i never wanted to move again . 
 after a minute or forever or two he leaned back and looked at me , still wearing that bewildered expression . 
 `` hi , '' he said in a soft voice , half breath . 
 the last three months of my life rose into the air and dissolved like mist . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 he touched my hair gingerly , let his hand drop . 
 pulled me close again , then leaned away and touched my face . 
 he could n't seem to figure out where the proper boundary was . 
 answer : there was n't one . 
 he unlocked the passenger door and looked at me and i got in . 
 i closed my eyes again as he picked up his bag and came around . 
 the car smelled so much like him , like warm suede and candle smoke . 
 like home . 
 i had promised myself not to cry until i 'd said something appropriately dramatic , but i was about to break that promise . 
 evan got in , still amazed/bewildered/stunned , and saw my face . 
 he reached for me . 
 then i was incoherent for the next ten minutes , sobbing my stupid heart out , clinging to his jacket , saying , `` i 'm sorry , i 'm ruining your jacket , '' and when he laughed that beautiful kind laugh and said , `` ruin it , it 's yours , '' i cried even harder , accepting his invitation . 
 it 's somehow a lot easier to be courageous when you 're a weeping mess . 
 when the waterworks stopped i slid away , burying my face in a tissue , everything a million percent more awkward . 
 i had utterly forgotten why i was here . 
 i had just wanted-needed-to see him , to touch a little , verify his existence . 
 well , mission f ** king accomplished . 
 now what ? 
 evan seemed to sense this and started the engine . 
 he drove aimlessly for a while , glancing at me with giddy confusion . 
 `` do you want to get some coffee ? '' 
 he said . 
 slow head shake . 
 meaningful eye contact . 
 his gaze lingered on me . 
 then it shifted back to the windshield and stayed there . 
 he pulled up to an apartment complex . 
 i followed him upstairs . 
 we did n't speak . 
 dingy white walls , boxes on the floor . 
 an unlived-in feeling . 
 he walked straight to the fridge and took out two bottles of blue moon and leaned there while i leaned on the counter across from him . 
 we each took exactly one sip before we put them down and met in the middle of the kitchen . 
 he clasped my face in his hands , his thumbs hard against my cheekbones , holding me still as he kissed me so , so lightly , as if pressing his lips to a dandelion he might accidentally scatter . 
 then he stopped , looking at me . 
 for three months i had forgotten what the sweet hot rush of blood in my veins felt like . 
 how alive my body was , not only in the obvious places but in the thriving red marrow , the chill prickling my scalp , the curl of my toes . 
 i 'd become as numb as if i was the one snorting all that coke . 
 when evan touched me i became aware of kitten-soft wool rubbing against my shins , the fine hair on my forearms standing on end , his hands unbuttoning my coat as gently and intently as if removing a bandage . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 `` no . '' 
 his hands dropped . 
 god , what was i doing ? 
 what was this ? 
 i took a step back , walked out of the kitchen and through the apartment . 
 it looked like an art gallery without art . 
 geometrical patterns of light and shadow slapped across white paint and hardwood . 
 i went through every room , seeking signs of life . 
 mattress on the bedroom carpet . 
 beer bottles lined up on windowsills . 
 shampoo , toothbrush , razor . 
 my reflection in the bathroom mirror , mouth swollen and claret red , eyelashes lacquered with tears , more alive than anything else here . 
 `` is this what you wanted to see ? '' 
 evan said behind me . 
 `` my shell of a life ? '' 
 i turned around and walked past him . 
 my footsteps echoed violently in the empty rooms . 
 if i spoke too loudly , glass might shatter . 
 `` i did n't come here to gloat , '' i said . 
 `` then why did you come ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i turned again , hands raised . 
 `` to see how you 're doing . 
 if you like your new job . '' 
 `` if i 'm over you . '' 
 yes . 
 `` no . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 his face was blank , his words a soft growl . 
 `` i 'm not over you . 
 i dream about you every night . 
 i watch that f ** king video over and over just to hear your voice . 
 does that make you happy ? 
 is that proof i cared ? '' 
 this was the first time he 'd ever seemed truly angry at me . 
 i made my backbone iron , refusing to shirk . 
 `` no , i 'm not happy . 
 i 'm f ** king miserable . 
 my life is a huge joke . '' 
 he walked off , paced a bit , came back . 
 `` do n't do this , '' he said . 
 `` do n't come here to f ** k with my head and play games . 
 you do n't test someone 's love by leaving them . '' 
 he rocked on his toes , his fingers clenching and unclenching . 
 `` it was so easy for you to end it . 
 so goddamn easy . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think you used me . 
 you had your fun playing at being an adult and then it got difficult and scary and you bailed . '' 
 my fist was in my coat pocket , trembling . 
 `` i did n't bail . 
 i did n't go anywhere . 
 you 're the one who left . '' 
 i stared to laugh , humorlessly . 
 `` and it was difficult and scary from the f ** king beginning , evan . 
 wesley was right . 
 he saw how messed up it was . '' 
 evan laughed back , and his was cold . 
 `` you said you did n't know how to have a grown-up relationship . 
 well , here 's your first lesson , maise . 
 when it gets hard , you do n't run away . '' 
 `` do n't you dare try to teach me something . '' 
 we faced each other , blazing and feverish , a blade of hot kitchen light slanting between us . 
 dusk bruised the apartment with deepening shadow . 
 if i 'd had a car , i would have stormed out . 
 calling a cab was a lot less dramatic . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 he said suddenly , in a harsh whisper . 
 `` being stupid , '' i said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i opened my fist in my pocket , letting the ring tumble out . 
 i rubbed the smooth groove in my palm where it had marked me . 
 `` i 'm f ** king starving , '' evan said . 
 `` you want some dinner ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we ate chinese food on a blanket on the living room floor , using cardboard boxes as tables . 
 he had to unpack a lamp . 
 we split a carton of beef chow mein and finished our beers , then opened more , sitting across from each other and not touching except for when he handed me a bottle , and my arm tingled as if i 'd hit my funny bone . 
 safe subjects : his new class -lrb- interesting , mostly about managing stage fright -rrb- , my new class -lrb- boring , mostly about managing boredom -rrb- . 
 i told him how ridiculous it was being `` friends '' with hiyam and he told me about his new students , one of whom was a dead ringer for wesley -lrb- `` maybe he 's outside right now , filming an expose on us , '' i said , and we peered through the blinds , laughing , his hand brushing my leg -rrb- . 
 we laughed easily , effortlessly . 
 it was all too absurd . 
 you really had no choice . 
 we carried the leftovers to the kitchen and i stood at the sink , rinsing my hands , and evan came up behind me and breathed against my hair . 
 i did n't move . 
 cold water on my skin , his heat on my neck . 
 a live wire ran up my spine straight to my brain stem . 
 i turned and he lifted my face and kissed me , and i let him , my wet hands falling to my sides . 
 my chest felt tight and heavy . 
 he let go and i dried my hands and kissed him again , harder but still close-mouthed . 
 beer and almond cookies . 
 buzzing fluorescent light , linoleum smacking beneath our shoes . 
 my shoulder blades knocking against the fridge . 
 the kiss grew intense and we stopped simultaneously , pulling away . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` being stupid . '' 
 he did n't sound sincere . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i should get home , '' i said , thinking , ask me to stay . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 in the cab i clutched the ring so hard it felt like it was carving through my bones . 
 i was almost home when my phone vibrated . 
 come over this weekend , he texted . 
 immediately , i replied , yes . 
 when i got there saturday afternoon , evan and park were carrying a couch up the front walk . 
 i ran to hold the door for them . 
 evan merely said hello , but park grinned and winked at me . 
 i navigated them up the stairs . 
 park brought up the bottom and pretended to doze off , bored , then snapped awake and did lift reps with his end of the couch , and i laughed . 
 `` showoff , '' evan said , out of breath . 
 the apartment almost looked like an actual apartment now : tables , chairs , framed posters . 
 evan said he 'd had his furniture in storage because he was n't sure how long he 'd be here . 
 our eyes caught and held for a moment , then i went to the kitchen to grab beers . 
 the two of them stood there in a shaft of dust-flecked sun , sweaty t-shirts plastered to their torsos , tipping their throats back to guzzle longnecks , and i sat on a box with an appraising look . 
 park laughed and did a few bodybuilder poses , veins bulging , then went to shower . 
 `` so you 're staying here , '' i said to evan . 
 `` not sure yet . 
 but i think i 'll live here a while , instead of merely surviving . '' 
 i looked away , sipping from my bottle . 
 my other hand was buried in my pocket , clutching the ring . 
 park showered like a marine . 
 he was out in three minutes , immaculate and combat-ready . 
 `` borrowed a shirt , e , '' he said . 
 `` i look better in it anyway . '' 
 evan and i glanced at each other , smiling . 
 `` e '' seemed to fit him . 
 both old and new . 
 park took off for st. louis , and i spent most of the day helping evan get settled . 
 the whole time i thought , tell him . 
 tell him not to get comfortable . 
 tell him you 're going . 
 but i could n't . 
 he was starting to seem like his old self , relaxed , that flashbulb smile catching me unpredictably , always making something in me go still , dazzled . 
 the light waned and we did n't touch the lamps . 
 we sat on the couch in the last dregs of dusk , searing blood-red rays slowly cooling into cobalt . 
 i lay against evan 's chest , my head moving slightly with his breath , as if drifting on gentle waves . 
 `` i ca n't tell if this is a beginning or ending , '' he said . 
 `` what does it feel like ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 we ordered a margherita pizza and drank chianti and sat on the floor , watching indie films on his laptop until we became more interested in making out than watching . 
 it was relaxed , too , not meant to lead to anything , slow and light and sweet , our mouths brushing and parting as if we kissed accidentally while trying to whisper to each other . 
 `` why did you leave me ? '' 
 he said as i knelt over him , my knees astride his waist . 
 the only light was the bluish glow from his laptop , painting us on one side . 
 my hair coiled in dark tendrils around his neck . 
 `` because i saw us the way everyone else did . 
 i thought i was just a type to you . 
 student . 
 young girl . '' 
 `` teacher , '' he said of himself . 
 `` older man . '' 
 i shook my head , my hair rippling . 
 `` why did you come back ? '' 
 he said . 
 because i love you , i thought . 
 but i 'm going to leave you again , in a few months . 
 for good this time . 
 `` evan , '' i said . 
 i was going to tell him . 
 i really was . 
 but he pulled me to him and kissed me again , and the lightness of it became him lightly lifting my shirt and me shrugging it off as if it was smoke drifting away , then rolling down my leggings , then opening his fly . 
 his dick was hard and hot in my hand and all the old feelings came flooding back , his solid masculinity setting off a tripwire in me , a sudden intense vibration . 
 he let me touch , his eyes closed , a faint groan coming out of him like he 'd relinquished his hold on something delicate . 
 i was in a trance . 
 i wanted him but i was also outside myself , watching this happen to us . 
 it was all me . 
 my body atop his , my legs spreading , my fingers digging into his shoulders as i took him inside of me . 
 the sound i made was full of pain and a sort of intolerable relief because i had missed this so much . 
 it was less like f ** king than nursing an ache , cradling him in that bruised , tender place inside me . 
 i moved over him slowly , my bare knees burning on the cold wood floor . 
 he still had his jeans on and they rubbed the insides of my thighs raw . 
 the laptop cast our shadows on the wall and i turned my head , watching the slim , sinuous lines of my body joining to his , the rolling curve of my spine , my hair slithering and lashing like some strange spidery creature . 
 he felt so thick inside me , so excessive . 
 pushing me to the limits of my skin . 
 to the edge where my body met the world , where reality blurred with internal fiction , and i was n't sure who i was anymore aside from hollowness and fullness , ache and relief , repeating over and over . 
 it had been so long that i could n't control myself , i started to come and gaped at him with a ridiculous look of surprise . 
 his expression was serene , dreamy , the only change being his hands tightening on my h * ps when he came . 
 we stared at each other , motionless . 
 something flashed between us and broke open on his nak * d chest , leaving a glittering scar . 
 a tiny diamond . 
 then another . 
 then another . 
 `` maise , '' he said , touching my wet face . 
 i could n't stop . 
 i pushed myself off of him and folded my legs beneath me , his come running warmly between my thighs . 
 i covered my face with my hands . 
 he sat up and pulled me close , holding me . 
 after a while i felt a hot point at the crown of my head , trickling down through my hair , and realized he was crying , too . 
 it was different afterward . 
 i said good night without kissing him and tried to sleep on the couch , watching shadows tilt slowly across the room as the earth turned beneath the stars , but when i was still awake at two in the morning i crept into his bedroom . 
 he was awake , too , sitting up in the dark . 
 faint light drifted through the blinds like luminous breath , a sigh of night air . 
 i climbed onto the mattress and sat beside him without touching . 
 our feet rested side by side . 
 `` ca n't sleep , '' i said . 
 `` me either . 
 i kept thinking about you out there , wishing you were in here . '' 
 tiny firefly wings flitted in my chest . 
 i imagined my heart pulsing , a miniature red glow . 
 `` wish granted , '' i said . 
 i kicked his foot , gently . 
 `` remember the stepping stones in st. louis ? '' 
 `` we pretended to be pioneers on the oregon trail . '' 
 `` you lost all your bullets and food . 
 you had to eat the oxen . '' 
 `` yeah , but you died of dysentery . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` live hard , die young , leave a disgusting corpse . '' 
 he kicked my foot back . 
 `` have you heard from any colleges yet ? '' 
 deep breath . 
 i faced him . 
 `` i got into usc . '' 
 evan sat bolt upright . 
 he turned to me , laughing in disbelief , his hand finding mine and squeezing so hard it hurt . 
 `` i got accepted to a bunch , actually , '' i said . 
 `` so did wesley . 
 we decided on usc . '' 
 another breath . 
 `` i 'm going to la , evan . '' 
 `` i am so proud of you . '' 
 his voice was a loud whisper . 
 he was smiling . 
 `` did you hear what i said ? '' 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` then why are you happy ? 
 i 'm leaving . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i wrenched my hand away . 
 `` so you 're fine with it ? 
 you do n't care if i go ? '' 
 he put his hand on my bare leg . 
 he was shirtless , his body like carved marble in the eerie , milky light . 
 `` i care if you go , '' he said . 
 `` more than you know . 
 but i 'm happy for you . 
 this is your dream , maise . '' 
 it was . 
 but i had another one , and it was about being loved , completely , for who i am . 
 body and mind . 
 flaws and strengths . 
 fears and dreams . 
 `` is this why you left me ? '' 
 evan said . 
 `` because you knew you 'd be leaving anyway ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 his fingertips moved over my thigh , making my nerves shimmer with warmth . 
 then he took my hand again , softer now . 
 `` i 'm not pulling the age card , i swear . 
 but there 's something i believe . 
 you should love something while you have it , love it fully and without reservation , even if you know you 'll lose it someday . 
 we lose everything . 
 if you 're trying to avoid loss , there 's no point in taking another breath , or letting your heart beat one more time . 
 it all ends . '' 
 his fingers curled around mine . 
 `` that 's all life is . 
 breathing in , breathing out . 
 the space between two breaths . '' 
 wesleypedia told me once that you take about seven hundred million breaths during your lifetime . 
 not until this moment had that number meant anything to me . 
 now i was counting every single one . 
 `` come with me to la , '' i said . 
 evan smiled , lowering his eyes . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' i said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i reversed his hold on my hand and clutched his fingers in mine . 
 `` this is real . 
 we 're still in love , and i miss you so much , evan . 
 i miss seeing the world with you . 
 i miss your body , i miss your voice and your laugh and your smile and the way you make me feel like a child , in the best way . 
 afraid and full of wonder and totally alive . 
 this is me telling you , without reservation , that i love you . 
 come with me to la. . 
 let 's find happiness . '' 
 he was giving me that sweetly mournful look , and even as i said the words i knew they were n't quite right . 
 we did n't need to go anywhere to find happiness . 
 it was here , now , and if it ended in june when i got on a plane , the only choice was whether to be happy or miserable in this moment . 
 `` let 's not make any plans yet , '' he said . 
 `` this is all so new . 
 we 've only just found each other again . '' 
 i winced , turning away , and he touched my face and turned it back . 
 `` you 're right , though . 
 i am still in love with you . '' 
 no kiss . 
 no bombastic love ballad swelling from hidden speakers . 
 just a simple declaration in a dark room that was beginning to lighten . 
 i leaned against the wall and talked to him all night . 
 i did n't want dawn to ever come . 
 `` where were you this weekend ? '' 
 wesley said . 
 i popped the last of my grilled cheese into my mouth and gave him a long look . 
 the cafeteria was loud , kids nervy and restive , dying to go wild during spring break next week . 
 `` in carbondale , '' i said . 
 `` with evan . '' 
 `` did you sleep with him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 wesley did n't blink . 
 `` are we still going to la ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , and took a sip of 7-up . 
 `` i 'm not giving up my future for a man . '' 
 `` even a man you 're in love with ? '' 
 `` even a man i 'm in love with . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` guess i 'm more romantic than you , then . 
 i 'd give up my future for true love . '' 
 `` that 's not romantic , that 's stupid . 
 you sound like one of these girls whose only career aspiration is housewife . '' 
 `` i like to subvert gender roles , '' wesley said , and i laughed . 
 in the lab later , i pulled him aside to a quiet corner . 
 `` how are we on footage ? '' 
 `` pretty good . 
 still waiting on your piece de resistance . '' 
 `` friday , '' i said . 
 `` do or die . '' 
 `` do , and hopefully not die , '' he said . 
 `` here 's the deal , '' i told gary , sitting with him at the back of a restaurant . 
 `` if my friend comes through , then yvette is even with you , and i 'm out . '' 
 gary 's eyes narrowed shrewdly as he smiled . 
 `` everyone says that , sweetheart . 
 ` i 'm only in until i get x amount . 
 as soon as i hit x , i 'm out . ' '' 
 he took a hit of scotch . 
 `` it gets its claws in you , one way or another . 
 you get addicted to the merchandise or you get addicted to the money . '' 
 `` well , i 'm different . 
 i do n't want either . '' 
 `` you 've made a pretty little sum so far , have n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , but i 'm not keeping it . '' 
 he stared at me over the rim of his glass as he drank . 
 i could tell he was curious about me . 
 someone my age who was so sure , so savvy . 
 so practical . 
 `` your choice , '' he said . 
 `` but if you worked for me over the summer , you could go to hollywood with a nice nest egg . '' 
 i knew i could . 
 the temptation was real , and torturous . 
 every night i weighed it in my mind . 
 siphon what i could from hiyam and gary and their ilk , and go to california with full pockets , without the pressure of fighting other starry-eyed fledglings tooth-and-nail for shitty jobs and shittier apartments ? 
 how could evan say no if i told him he had a year to find a job he truly loved , a year while we lived freely in the sun ? 
 but i could n't . 
 it was a trap , not a shortcut . 
 the more money you made , the deeper in you got with these scumbags . 
 they 'd collect dirt on you . 
 then it became an endless game of bluffing , everyone constantly poised to destroy each other game of thrones-style , and your only choice was to keep working your way up , waiting to be dethroned . 
 that 's what mom never understood . 
 it was a zero sum game . 
 your gain came at the expense of someone else , and eventually someone else would gain at your expense . 
 the best you could hope for was to live and keep playing a little longer . 
 or you could walk away before they had you that deep . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing , '' i said . 
 gary gave me that sharky smile . 
 `` you know , sweetheart , sometimes i think you do . '' 
 hiyam wore a dress conservative by her standards , a heart-shaped neck framing a pillow of satiny bronze cl ** vage , her hoop earrings flashing . 
 on the cab ride to the restaurant i thought about hooking her up with park , and began to laugh . 
 totally his type : the uber-hot alpha girl with a planet-sized ego to match . 
 he 'd be trying to ditch her within two minutes flat . 
 `` what 's so funny , o'malley ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` then maybe you should shut the f ** k up , or i 'll start having second thoughts . '' 
 i wiped the smile off my face . 
 `` hiyam . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i looked her straight in the eye . 
 `` i 'm going to see evan tomorrow . 
 and i 'm going to f ** k the shit out of him , just like i did last weekend . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows innocently . 
 `` do you want me to say hi ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 this must be confusing for her , the slave showing backbone , willingly divulging information . 
 she did n't understand i had nothing to fear from her anymore . 
 `` you still see him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so you really do have a thing . 
 it was n't just , ` fuck me , mr. wilke ? ' '' 
 `` oh , '' i said lazily , `` i still say that . '' 
 and i burst out laughing at the look on her face . 
 `` you crazy bitch , '' hiyam said , part misgiving , part awe . 
 in the restaurant quinn gave us both pat-downs before we sat , which hiyam seemed to find equally offensive and erotic . 
 i traded glances with the tall , dark-haired boy in a borrowed waiter 's uniform . 
 hiyam , being hiyam , never noticed him . 
 he was just the help . 
 `` mr. rivero , '' i said , `` i 'd like you to meet my friend , hiyam farhoudi . '' 
 -11 - st. louis was still sleepy with winter , the grass like frosted straw , the sky an anemic blue and the mississippi muddy green , sluggish but unstoppable . 
 skyscrapers glinted harshly , mirroring the cold white sun . 
 park took us to a club that let under-21s in and his bartender friend looked the other way when i drank from evan 's glass . 
 we watched park flirt with a gorgeous mixed-race girl , cinnamon skin and laughing eyes , but he left her with a frown and came back to us , saying she wanted evan 's number . 
 i nearly choked . 
 when i kissed evan i tasted the whiskey and cola we were sharing . 
 he took me out on the floor and park joined us . 
 they both danced with me , evan 's eyes hypnotic and his smile slow and our bodies edging closer and closer until park wrapped a ridiculously muscular arm around my waist and picked me up , spinning me away . 
 evan laughed and let me go , and i danced with strangers for a while until he slipped behind me , his mouth at my ear , his erection pressed against my ass , saying , `` everyone 's in love with you . '' 
 guys were staring at me , and so was a cute pixie-haired girl , and i smiled . 
 cones of hot colored light flashed in my face , scarlet , violet , indigo . 
 i was drunk as much on whiskey as on the liquor of sweat and cologne . 
 we caught our own cab to the loft . 
 evan pressed me into the soft leather seat and put his hand between my legs until i gasped and the cabbie threatened to kick us out . 
 i tipped him double and we rushed upstairs . 
 the elevator made me shriek with surprise , forgetting the haunting , and evan laughed and kissed me and once we got inside he picked me up , turning with me in his arms . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i said , and he said , `` being in love , '' and i started kissing him again and he let me down to focus on the kiss . 
 we broke apart and moved around the loft aimlessly , picking things up , flipping switches with a restless , agitated happiness . 
 it 's all still here , i thought . 
 all the things we touched and all the things we felt . 
 it was too intense , being near each other , and we orbited from across the room , keeping large objects between us . 
 `` what if this is it ? '' 
 he said in front of the windows . 
 beyond him the night sky was an oil painting of deep , swirling blues , starless , the bright streets sketching a map of light across the city . 
 i sat on the arm of the sofa , ankles crossed . 
 `` what if this is all we have ? '' 
 he said , coming closer . 
 `` what if you go to california , and i never see you again ? '' 
 `` then i 'll make movies about it for the rest of my life . 
 about a girl who falls in love with her teacher , and loses him tragically , and never loves again . '' 
 he looked at my hand on the couch : the claddagh ring on my finger again , its heart turned toward me . 
 `` why wo n't you come to la ? '' 
 i said in a hushed voice . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 he kept looking at the ring . 
 `` your life is just beginning , maise . 
 you have so much ahead of you , so many new things . 
 and you 're already way too damn cynical . 
 do n't argue , it 's true . '' 
 i closed my mouth . 
 then i said , `` i was n't . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i do n't want to take that from you . 
 the thrill of discovering things for yourself . 
 of feeling like the world is new and made just for you . '' 
 `` that 's the exact opposite of how it is . '' 
 i was shivering suddenly , shaking . 
 i felt an understanding building in me after a long , arduous unveiling . 
 revelation . 
 `` you 're right , i was cynical . 
 i thought i knew everything , i thought the world was vulgar and crude , all cheap thrills . 
 you could n't make me any more jaded than i was when we met . '' 
 i let my arms fall , let my spine hold me , a slender fin of bone . 
 how had it borne the weight of so much cynicism all these years ? 
 `` you changed that . 
 you 're the one who made it new for me . 
 if i had n't met you , i would 've gone off to college thinking everything was the same . 
 i would 've become hardened and walled up and - '' just like my mother . '' 
 - empty . 
 a perfect shell , protecting nothing . '' 
 `` maise , '' evan said . 
 `` do n't you see how different i am now ? 
 did n't you see it in my film , and every day we spent together , and apart ? 
 the world is new when i 'm with you . '' 
 i took his hands in mine . 
 `` and i 've seen you , i 've seen how you light up when you 're with me . 
 it 's the same for you . 
 we 're both kids with each other , and this world is made just for us . 
 so that ca n't be your reason for saying no . '' 
 `` am i saying no ? '' 
 `` you 're not saying yes . '' 
 i pulled him toward me . 
 `` do you really want to teach high school in southern f ** king illinois the rest of your life ? '' 
 he gave me that patented furrowed brow . 
 `` and , '' i said , pulling him closer , my voice lowering , `` do you really not want to f ** k me , every day , in our house full of sunlight and santa ana winds , in southern f ** king california ? '' 
 he put his mouth on my neck , his stubble raking my throat . 
 `` i want to f ** k you now . '' 
 do it , i told him with my eyes . 
 please , please do it . 
 he took my clothes off , and his own , and laid me on the bed on the icy silk sheets , and the gravity that had threatened to throw us into collision finally did . 
 i held him close as he moved inside me , hard and deep and with an urgency that felt somehow final , and we gave ourselves to it , fully , without reservation . 
 no future and no past , only an endless now . 
 afterward , as we lay with our limbs tangled and stared at the pipes on the ceiling , his words ran through me . 
 what if this is all we have ? 
 this closeness , this space between breaths , holding each other like air in our lungs , the oxygen metabolizing into our blood in a thrilling , ephemeral rush ? 
 how could it ever , ever be enough ? 
 `` how was your spring break ? '' 
 hiyam said , dropping her cheshire grin on me . 
 `` best i 've ever had , '' i said , smiling back . 
 `` you ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , tossed her hair , bared her smooth coppery neck to me . 
 she laughed at the ceiling . 
 kids sitting nearby stared . 
 `` in-f ** king-describable , '' she said . 
 translation : coked out of her mind . 
 i kept smiling , but she did n't see the way it deepened in my eyes , the dark flash . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` what do you have next period ? '' 
 `` american history . '' 
 `` ditch and meet me in 209 . '' 
 she lowered her face , curious . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 've got something for you , '' i said , and patted my pocket . 
 hiyam laughed her rich , sultry laugh . 
 `` you freak . '' 
 green light , i texted wesley after class . 
 hiyam caught up with me on the stairs to the second floor , where i 'd unknowingly made my way to the class that would change my life . 
 part of me still expected to open his door and catch him glancing up from his desk , smiling . 
 i 'd kissed him in here like i meant to devour him , let him push me against the whiteboard and f ** k me with his fingers . 
 god , i thought . 
 was that really my life ? 
 it seemed like a dream now . 
 a movie . 
 there was no evan inside the dark class . 
 there was , however , a wesley , sitting with his laptop on the dais at the back . 
 the projector was on , its lamp burning hot as a quasar . 
 hiyam 's eyes drifted from him to me . 
 intrigue , suspicion , but no fear . 
 not yet . 
 `` i did n't know you nerds were into this , '' she said . 
 `` into what ? '' 
 i said , waiting for her to walk in so i could stealthily lock the door . 
 `` getting high . '' 
 `` we 're not , '' wesley said , moving the mouse cursor over a video . 
 `` we 're into revenge , '' i said . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 hiyam was so f ** king confident , so used to getting away with everything , that she laughed and sat at her old desk , crossing her legs as if we were back in film studies , vying for mr. wilke 's attention . 
 now she knew it had always been mine . 
 i took the teacher 's chair , propping my feet on the desk . 
 `` and now for our final victim , '' i said , echoing evan , `` hiyam farhoudi . '' 
 wesley clicked play . 
 i 'd seen this a dozen times , so i mostly watched hiyam 's face . 
 she shook her head knowingly , a smirk curling in the corners of her mouth , when the first frame came up : farhoudi residence . 
 new year 's eve . 
 hiyam snorts coke off a mirror in her princess bedroom . 
 `` you little shit , '' she said without taking her eyes from the screen . 
 the scene cuts to black , and the title comes up in caps , just like wesley 's first film . 
 this one , though , is called addiction . 
 hiyam 's burgeoning smirk faded . 
 there is no soundtrack , only live audio . 
 hiyam 's laughter . 
 the click of a credit card against glass . 
 her hard snort and the delicate sniffs that follow . 
 she smiles at the camera , high as fuck , not realizing why we 're recording her . 
 i get her to show me the thirty grand in her secret account . 
 the pills and weed she has stashed all over her room . 
 she loves the attention . 
 she admits to wesley that she 's blackmailing me . 
 i watch her lick her finger and stick it in her nostril to get all the white . 
 she looks at the camera and says dully , `` ever sucked coke off a guy 's dick ? 
 it 's called a blowjob . '' 
 she bursts out laughing . 
 then , finally , my piece de resistance . 
 hiyam smiles at gary rivero in the restaurant , oblivious to wesley and his hidden camera , and the mic in my sleeve captures the deal for a half-kilo of coc ** ne . 
 the film ends . 
 there are no credits . 
 `` so , '' i said , rocking my feet side to side , `` class ? 
 thoughts ? '' 
 hiyam scooted her chair back with a metallic screech . 
 `` sit down , '' wesley said . 
 `` we 're not done yet . '' 
 `` shut the f ** k up , '' she said . 
 i spun my chair to face her . 
 `` i 'd like to hear what the star thinks about her film debut . '' 
 `` you dumb cunt , '' she said , moving toward me . 
 `` you ca n't do shit . 
 my father will destroy you . '' 
 i stood , waiting calmly for her to reach me . 
 i felt so much like the teacher , all the knowledge and power in my hands . 
 `` i doubt it , '' i said , my voice light . 
 `` because we sent him the same video an hour ago . 
 you gave me the idea yourself , with your semester project . 
 your dad seemed to really care about you . 
 he would n't want you throwing your life away on drugs . 
 you should be getting a call from him very soon . '' 
 `` you , '' she said . 
 just that : pronoun , no epithet . 
 `` let me guess . 
 ` you wo n't get away with this . 
 you 'll regret this . ' '' 
 she leaned closer . 
 her breath smelled like wintergreen . 
 `` you will regret it . 
 i 'll make sure of that . '' 
 i leaned close , too . 
 `` you know , i feel sorry for you , hiyam . 
 you have everything , all this money and opportunity , and you 're miserable . 
 you want to live without feeling anything . 
 why even bother living if you 're just going to numb yourself ? 
 i 've had it way worse than you ever will , and i would n't trade it for the world . '' 
 she had the dignity to keep her mouth shut . 
 she stared at me with dark , murderous eyes , then whirled and stalked to the door . 
 it took her a moment to realize it was locked . 
 wesley muffled a snort . 
 hiyam shot a glance back at me and said , `` did you even f ** k him in here that day ? '' 
 i smiled at her , pityingly . 
 she slammed the door . 
 `` god , '' wesley said , heaving a huge sigh . 
 `` did it work ? '' 
 i was shaking . 
 i was n't sure when that had started . 
 i sat back down and said , `` i do n't know . 
 i guess we 'll find out . '' 
 all i really wanted was for her to leave me and evan the f ** k alone . 
 she could buy her coke direct from gary and scrub her brain blank with it for all i cared . 
 i 'd told her dad i just wanted this to be over-i wanted to move on , go to college , not live with this sword hanging over my head . 
 i prayed he 'd understand . 
 `` at least the hard part 's over , '' wesley said . 
 but this was n't the hard part . 
 confronting this junkie was easy . 
 there was one more i had to face , and she would n't surrender before drawing blood . 
 i sat in the kitchen waiting like i had so many nights when i was little , hungry , bored , alone in the house . 
 when i thought of my so-called childhood , that 's what i pictured above all : a sylvan girl with bramble hair and spooky green eyes , kicking her bare , dirty feet on a kitchen chair , waiting . 
 waiting . 
 waiting . 
 that girl should have been running in the woods with a boy , scratching secrets into the walls of an old wolf den , howling , chasing each other , wild and free . 
 not sitting in a room that smelled of marijuana and drain cleaner , her belly growling . 
 on good nights mom came home with food , a bag glistening and transparent with french fry grease , smelling like heaven , and i 'd go to bed with salty-sweet lips and sleep like the dead . 
 on bad nights she came home stoned , or with a man , or not at all . 
 those nights i did n't sleep much . 
 i listened for her key in the lock , or grunting and the bed knocking against the wall downstairs . 
 once a pair of heavy footsteps came to my door . 
 i lay in bed , terrified , paralyzed . 
 i thought they 'd finally gone when the door creaked open , and i screamed , and mom came running , still drunk , hitting the guy in the back until he left . 
 i always locked my room after that . 
 you , i thought , timing it with the ticking clock . 
 you . 
 you . 
 you . 
 she walked in at midnight . 
 my ass was numb , and my heart , too . 
 i looked at her woodenly . 
 you have my face , i thought . 
 what have you done to it ? 
 it 's so old and sad . 
 `` what 's going on , babe ? '' 
 she said , pulling a tallboy from the fridge . 
 `` sit down , mom . 
 please . '' 
 hiss , crack , fizz . 
 i could hear her swallowing , working that dry , burned throat . 
 she sat across from me . 
 `` gary says you took care of things , '' she said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` how the hell 'd you manage that ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it 's my business . '' 
 `` your business is my business , babe . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i leaned forward , looking her in the eyes . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 for a minute i thought she 'd pick a fight , but i guess clearing her debt temporarily cowed her . 
 she picked at the tab on her can instead . 
 `` mom . '' 
 i waited till she met my gaze . 
 `` i got into college in los angeles . 
 i 'm leaving the second week of june . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 her eyes were flat , unblinking . 
 she took a swig . 
 for the first time i realized my mother might be jealous of me . 
 of my unspoiled life , all the possibilities i still had to make something of myself . 
 deep breath . 
 `` i saved some money . 
 enough to replace what nan gave me . '' 
 i opened the folded paper on the table and slid it over to her . 
 until a second ago it had been mere junk . 
 mom 's eyes bounced off the paper to my face . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` read it . '' 
 she mouthed the words . 
 she stopped at rehabilitation center . 
 `` it cost every penny i had , but i got you in for sixty days . 
 it 's a good clinic , mom . 
 they 're willing to take you june 1st . '' 
 she looked at me like i was a potted plant that had just started talking . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to help you , '' i said , my voice straining . 
 she pushed the paper at me , pushed her chair back . 
 `` this 's some intervention shit . '' 
 `` it 's voluntary . '' 
 `` you ai n't making me do nothing , little girl . 
 i call the shots . 
 i 'm your mother . '' 
 my palm hit the table , the ring making a sharp clack . 
 `` you lost the right to call yourself that years ago . 
 this is not a negotiation . 
 this is your last chance to fix your f ** king life before you 're too old and brain-damaged to remember it was ever different . '' 
 i stood , glowering down at her . 
 somehow this woman always brought my accent out , and i let it take the reins of my voice . 
 `` this is my offer , mom . 
 take it or leave it . 
 you complete the program , you stay clean , and i 'll come see you for christmas . 
 if you do n't , i 'm out of your life forever . '' 
 i hit the table again , softer . 
 `` do you understand me ? 
 you will never see me again . '' 
 she was breathing shallowly , fast . 
 she stared at some central point on my face , not quite my eyes . 
 `` this how i raised you ? 
 to make fuckin ' threats about disowning me ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said quietly . 
 `` this is how i raised me . '' 
 green slowly crept back into the world , reawakening it as my own body reawakened . 
 i spent spring weekends in st. louis with evan , walking along the cobblestoned wharf , listening to the world thaw . 
 if this was all we had , then i would love it unreservedly . 
 when we stopped to watch the boats i leaned back against his body , my neck arching over his shoulder , my face to the sun . 
 i could feel it kindling in my bones . 
 a cold breeze whipped off the water , smelling of mud and fish , and gulls shrieked and their cries echoed eerily under the stone arches of the eads bridge . 
 we walked through sun and shadow and sun again . 
 our own shadows were long and thin , stretching far down the wharf . 
 i did n't ask about la. . 
 my cards were on the table . 
 his move . 
 the sky was a crisp azure on graduation day . 
 they held the ceremony on the football field , the grass lush and emitting a rainy perfume , our royal blue gowns gleaming in the sun . 
 hiyam was n't there . 
 she 'd been pulled from school , finishing her year with a private tutor . 
 mom was n't there , either , as i 'd expected . 
 but the browns were , all of them-siobhan , natalie , and jack the professor , a man in his sixties , still handsome in a clint eastwood way , straight brow and deep-set eyes beneath a wing of silver hair . 
 he sat next to siobhan , and they chuckled together over private jokes . 
 once i saw jack touching the small of her back , looking at her with an old , smoldering fondness . 
 `` dad 's current girlfriend is twenty-two , '' wesley whispered to me as we sat through the valedictorian speech . 
 `` please tell me you 'll never date a dinosaur like him . '' 
 i flicked his ear , hard . 
 evan was there , at the back of the crowd . 
 when they called us to the stage for our diplomas i screamed my head off for wesley , and on my turn the browns cheered wildly , but the only person i saw was evan , standing at the back , the sun slanting in his hair and outlining him in gold , clapping so hard he drowned out everyone else . 
 afterward we ran the usual gauntlet of family hugs . 
 when we slipped away and reached evan , he was surrounded by half our old film studies class , eagerly telling him their plans . 
 rebecca was going to art school in georgia . 
 a few kids were heading to nyc for theater . 
 everyone was impressed when we said we were going to la , and wesley basked in the attention while i met evan 's gaze , something twisting in my chest , a strangling vine . 
 the boys shook his hand and the girls hugged him , and when it was my turn i breathed in his ear , `` you changed my life , mr. wilke . '' 
 his arms tightened around me , and he whispered back , `` you changed mine . '' 
 wesley looked at the two of us , then away . 
 the crazy thing was that after all of this , no one knew . 
 no one gave me a second glance or raised an eyebrow . 
 they talked excitedly about hollywood and new york . 
 they asked evan about his college days . 
 the rumors had died down without hiyam fueling them . 
 now he was just a teacher , and i was just another student , not connected to him in any special way . 
 i drifted across the grass , leaving him there in the sun and the warmth of their attention , closing my eyes and letting the light soak through , blinding me with my own neon red blood . 
 wesley left with natalie the day after graduation , heading to california . 
 i had plans to take a plane next week . 
 carbondale graduated later than us . 
 i stayed with siobhan after her kids left . 
 we made manhattans with maraschino cherries and sat on the back deck , talking long after sunset . 
 she planned to travel now that wesley had left home . 
 she wanted to see europe , write a novel , date a young italian -lrb- `` at least three times younger than me , '' she said , `` to get even with jack . '' -rrb- 
 , live for a while in a villa by the sea . 
 she knew i was waiting for an answer from evan . 
 `` i am not the wise woman you think , '' she said , tilting her glass . 
 starlight skimmed off the rim and shot into her eyes , sparkling . 
 `` but i will tell you this : do n't put your life on hold for someone , or you 'll wake up at forty-two with an empty house and a terrifying sense of freedom and no energy or innocence left to enjoy it . '' 
 i wanted to hug her so much . 
 `` if wesley does n't call you every week , i 'll beat the shit out of him . '' 
 `` perhaps you should do that anyway , as a preventive measure . '' 
 i laughed , she cackled , and we got drunk under the leaves and stars . 
 when i got home , i discovered two shocking things . 
 one : mom was gone . 
 she 'd scrawled a note on the back of an envelope and left it on the kitchen table . 
 her childish , blocky handwriting : checking in to clinic . 
 sorry i 'm a shit mom and no good with words . 
 this letter came for you . 
 i blinked the sudden tears out of my eyes-i was drunk , that was the only explanation-and turned the envelope over . 
 my name in florid , scrolling letters . 
 return address : ahmad farhoudi . 
 shocking thing number two : a letter from hiyam 's dad . 
 i opened it , my heart going at lightspeed . 
 a smaller slip of paper fluttered out . 
 i focused on the larger one . 
 my deepest gratitude for your discretion and concern regarding my daughter . 
 you have given both of us a second chance . 
 i hope this small gift helps you transition to an exciting new period in your life . 
 the smaller slip of paper was a check . 
 for ten thousand dollars . 
 i started laughing , breathless , crazy laughter , and then i jumped up and did a sort of whirling dervish dance around the kitchen , saying , `` thank you , sweet jesus , i f ** king love you , '' and could not stop laughing with hysterical joy and relief . 
 and then the only thing left was him . 
 we spent that last week in st. louis . 
 summer was in full bloom now , the city wild and drenched with color , the sidewalks breathing warmly beneath my sandals . 
 i tried my best to live in the moment . 
 to not think about the fact that there were only five more days before we might part for the last time . 
 then four . 
 then three . 
 but the tension was always there , a wire tightening in me , pulling my limbs and neck taut like a puppet , and when i looked up at the arch i thought , that 's how i feel . 
 a terrifying upward pull , away from terra firma . 
 one night in the loft , evan was pouring a drink in the kitchen when he suddenly put the bottle down and walked over to me , sinking to his knees . 
 he clutched my legs , his face pressing to my shins , stubble grinding against smoothness . 
 i was bewildered , and when he said , `` god , what am i doing ? '' 
 my confusion became fear . 
 i stroked his hair tentatively , asked what was wrong . 
 he looked up , his face full of panic , and said , `` i ca n't do this to you . 
 you do n't know what you 're doing , maise . 
 you have a life to live , not a broken man to fix . '' 
 i stared at him , horrified , starting to cry as i realized what he was saying , and that quickly he flipped a switch and became the one comforting me , apologizing , soothing me with promises that he was just tired , stressed , not thinking clearly . 
 but that night we both lay awake , staring at the ceiling , silent . 
 i thought , who fixes broken people ? 
 is it only other broken people , ones who 've already been ruined ? 
 and do we need to be fixed ? 
 it was the messiness and hurt in our pasts that drove us , and that same hurt connected us at a subdermal level , the kind of scars written so deeply in your cells that you ca n't even see them anymore , only recognize them in someone else . 
 two days . 
 the wires finally snapped at lunch . 
 i sat on a patio in front of a plate of something i could n't even process as food . 
 the sunlight ricocheting off the concrete was blinding . 
 silverware flashed , all sharp edges . 
 everything was bright and incomprehensible . 
 my fork clattered to the plate , catching evan 's attention . 
 his skin had tanned slightly , and in the sun his eyes were so vividly blue it did n't seem the right word anymore-they were azul , the color of the mexican pacific , so pure it almost hurt to look at . 
 he put his fork down . 
 he looked so beautiful sitting there , a fine scatter of sand on his cheeks , the sun drizzling his hair with light , gold on gold . 
 `` stop acting , '' i said quietly . 
 `` stop pretending you 're not scared . '' 
 `` i 'm scared , '' he said , his voice also soft . 
 `` we made it through the worst , evan . 
 school 's over . 
 this should be the easy part . '' 
 the summer sun was in my blood , shining through my skin . 
 `` why ca n't you let yourself do what makes you happy ? '' 
 `` it 's not that simple . '' 
 `` it really is . 
 you drop the bullshit and tell me yes or no . '' 
 his gaze broke away from me , his eyes tightening . 
 `` just because it 's complicated does n't mean it 's bullshit . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what it means . '' 
 `` you know , '' he said , focusing on me again , `` you talk like you 're so jaded and wise , but sometimes you 're pretty naive . '' 
 my mouth dropped . 
 i felt like he 'd punched me . 
 i swallowed , and said , `` i 'm eighteen f ** king years old . 
 excuse me for being naive . '' 
 evan leaned across the table , lowering his voice . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you 're eighteen . 
 i 'm thirty-three . 
 i 'm a grown man , maise . 
 fifteen years older than you , fifteen years ' worth of problems , and bitterness , and second-guessing myself . 
 you do n't need that . 
 not when you can have a clean slate in california . '' 
 adrenaline pumped through me , turning me cold , my hands and feet tingling . 
 finally . 
 this was finally all coming into the open . 
 `` like i do n't have my own problems ? '' 
 i shot back . 
 `` how about my junkie mother and deadbeat dad ? 
 and the guys i was with before you , who i just wanted to be nice to me ? '' 
 my voice cracked ; i swallowed again . 
 `` and wesley stalking me , and hiyam blackmailing me , and every crazy thing that 's happened this year ? '' 
 `` what happened with hiyam ? '' 
 he said , frowning . 
 god , stupid slip-up . 
 i had n't told him about the blackmail , knowing he 'd use it as another example of how he was ruining my life . 
 it was a story for another time . 
 `` the point is , i do n't have a clean slate . 
 all of that shit comes with me . 
 it 's part of who i am . 
 your problems have always been part of you , and i accepted them . 
 that does n't change now . '' 
 `` you 're young , maise , '' he said gently , giving me that mournful look that took me apart inside . 
 `` you do n't know any better . '' 
 i could not believe this . 
 i could not believe , after everything , he was playing the f ** king age card . 
 reducing me to a number . 
 `` fuck you , '' i said . 
 i stood up . 
 the lion in me wanted to flip the table over , listen to the glass and china shattering , see the shocked faces , but it would only prove his point about my age . 
 i turned around and walked out . 
 i had no idea where i was going , no idea where or who i was , just a meaningless blur of blood cells floating over white-hot concrete . 
 i knew what he was doing . 
 trying to piss me off , make me leave him . 
 you f ** king coward , i thought . 
 if you think you 're so wrong for me , own it , and let me decide . 
 do n't try to do what 's best for me . 
 do n't try to teach me . 
 i ended up in one of those urban parks that were everywhere downtown , this one all swathes of velvet green grass and trees centering on a plaza with a huge pool . 
 in the center , a bronze olympian runner stood frozen midstride , plumes of white water pulsing to either side of him . 
 behind the statue you could see the old courthouse and the arch , a visual timeline of history . 
 i sat on the coping , dipping a hand into the cool water and pressing it to my neck . 
 breathe , i told myself . 
 i smelled wet metal . 
 i watched the sun chip shards of light into the pool 's surface . 
 evan eventually found me . 
 he stopped a few feet away , his hands hanging loosely , his pale short-sleeved oxford glowing with sunlight . 
 he stood there while i stared into the pool . 
 `` you look so beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` so beautiful and far away . '' 
 do something , i thought . 
 jump in the water , propose to me , tell me you 're moving to south africa . 
 do n't just let me go . 
 but he only stood there , breaking my heart . 
 i got up . 
 headed toward his car , across a street bordering the park , my sundress snapping at my legs as i walked fast . 
 evan caught me before i crossed and touched my shoulder and i stopped right in the middle of the street . 
 `` do n't leave like this , '' he said . 
 the muscles of my throat were tight as a noose . 
 `` this is it , evan . 
 this is how it 's going to end . 
 not on some romantic runway at midnight . 
 it 's going to end in broad daylight , on a crowded street , with people-shut up ! '' 
 i snapped when a car honked behind me , '' - with people hurrying us so they can go pick up their laundry . 
 is this how you imagined it ? 
 is this really how you want it to end ? '' 
 he looked at me miserably , his voice thick . 
 `` i do n't want it to end . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough , '' i said . 
 the car veered around us and zoomed away . 
 i started to cry . 
 `` if you 're not on that plane with me , it 's over . 
 and i 'm not holding my breath a minute longer to find out . 
 are you coming with me or not ? '' 
 this is what he said : nothing . 
 not a word to stop me , to explain himself , no matter how futile it would be . 
 he just gave me that aching , tender look that ripped me to shreds . 
 `` give me your keys , '' i said . 
 `` give me your f ** king keys . '' 
 he did . 
 autopilot engaged . 
 i opened the trunk , pulled my bags out . 
 some of my clothes were still in the loft , trivial things , toothbrush , lotion . 
 nothing i cared about . 
 not that i cared about anything anymore . 
 `` maise , '' evan said , `` please . '' 
 i dropped my bags into the street . 
 cars were honking again , edging around us . 
 i ignored them . 
 i knelt to unzip one of the bags and yanked out that f ** king stuffed pony i 'd won almost a year ago and hurled it at him . 
 goodbye , louis . 
 then i bounced to my feet , flagging down a taxi . 
 `` maise , '' evan said again . 
 i did n't look at him . 
 the cab coasted over , popped the trunk , and i shoved my bags in . 
 threw myself into the backseat and slammed the door . 
 i could n't feel anything . 
 my brain registered the hot sun-baked leather , but my body was numb . 
 `` where you headed ? '' 
 the cabbie said . 
 `` just drive , '' i said , refusing to wipe the tears off my face . 
 `` drive around for a while , please . '' 
 he pulled away , and i lasted all of eight seconds before i started crying again , openly , horribly , lowering my head and shrouding myself in the dark curtain of my hair . 
 the hem of my dress turned transparent with tears . 
 mr. driver did n't say a word . 
 the brain is an incredible multitasker . 
 at the same time that it 's piercing itself with superheated needles of anguish , it 's ruthlessly making plans , contingencies , plotting out a future , giving zero f ** ks whether it 'll ever see it . 
 on the day i die , it 'll be calculating what to have for dinner as it bombards itself with pain signals from my amputated legs or my clocked-out heart . 
 and so , when i stopped crying , i wiped the snot off my upper lip and took out my phone . 
 in sixty seconds , i had an address for the driver . 
 park was waiting in the cool green shade of an elm outside his building . 
 he took my bags as i paid the fare . 
 `` you 'll be all right , '' the driver said . 
 i laughed , sniffling . 
 `` yeah . 
 i will . '' 
 park led me upstairs without a word . 
 he had a condo a few floors up , pristine cherry hardwood and sleek modern furniture , tracklights , art on raw canvases , everything in shades of gray and touches of chrome . 
 a view of the arch through enormous windows . 
 `` this way , '' he said , still carrying my bags . 
 he showed me to a bathroom . 
 it was so white i squinted , hard lights hitting the mirrors . 
 it looked like a place where androids slept . 
 i scrubbed my face , brushed my hair , tried to tease out some vestige of my humanity , instead of looking like a decomposing waif . 
 when i came out park was at the granite kitchen counter , sipping a beer . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 `` water , please . 
 i 'm really sorry to show up like this . '' 
 he made a quick , dismissive gesture , handed me a glass , and looked at me with muted curiosity . 
 men , i thought . 
 they 'll never ask , even if they 're dying to know . 
 fifteen years . 
 was that really what it came down to ? 
 i 'd been with evan for the better part of the past year , so why was age a problem now ? 
 because he 'd be committing himself to something , i guess . 
 uprooting his life , leaving his friends , the easy jobs and low cost of living , all for a city full of broken dreams and a screwed-up eighteen-year-old who 'd already left him twice . 
 i took a deep breath and drank . 
 when i thought of it like that , i could n't blame him . 
 `` the first time i met you , '' i said , `` you thought it was happening again , did n't you ? 
 what happened with the other girl . '' 
 park 's eyes narrowed . 
 he took a moment to answer , sipping his beer first . 
 `` she came to me , crying and begging . 
 i thought she needed help . 
 it was all an act . 
 eric - '' he caught himself . '' 
 - e felt so guilty , he refused to see what she was doing . 
 i told him , ` you were wrong , but so is torturing someone for a mistake . ' 
 i was moving to st. louis for a job and offered him a chance to start over . '' 
 `` how long have you known him ? '' 
 `` since college . 
 we were roommates . '' 
 `` why was that girl torturing him ? '' 
 park spun his bottle on the counter . 
 `` she thought she was in love . '' 
 but she was n't . 
 she was just a hurt , f ** ked-up , obsessed little girl . 
 maybe that was how evan saw me . 
 `` you know , '' park said , peering into his beer , `` i 've known e half my life . 
 he 's family . 
 even my mother loves him , and she is impossible to impress . 
 like , does n't carry the gene . '' 
 he grinned at me , let it slowly fade . 
 `` he has changed so much since he met you . 
 he talks about getting back into acting . 
 helping you launch a movie career . 
 i have n't heard him talk so much about the future since college . 
 he 's finally looking forward , not backward . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 i was a mess inside , part of me lifting at this , reaching for any shred of hope , but the greater part knowing it was just that , just talk . 
 we were past that stage . 
 no more dialogue . 
 action beats only . 
 `` he can talk about the future all he wants , but it 's not going to wait for him to start . '' 
 park gave a quick laugh . 
 `` you sound like my mother . 
 she would like you , too . '' 
 he went to shower , and i stared out the windows at the arch looping over the shining blue thread of the mississippi , like a silver shoelace . 
 i could n't imagine getting through the next two days . 
 not in this haunted city , not with the laughing ghost of a girl who thought she was getting away with some grand secret . 
 funny , how easy happiness had been when it was us against the world . 
 guess that was the trick after all . 
 i took out my phone . 
 when park came back , i said , `` i rescheduled my flight . 
 i 'm leaving tonight . 
 can you drive me ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , but apprehension flickered in his eyes . 
 i checked and rechecked my bags , texted wesley that i 'd be arriving early , watched tv with park on his absurdly large screen . 
 my new departure time was nine p.m. . 
 it was a long drive . 
 `` i guess we should go , '' i said when the sky began to turn lavender . 
 park paused with my bags at the door . 
 `` you sure about this ? 
 maybe you should wait , sleep on it . '' 
 `` i 've been waiting for months , '' i said , but what i thought was , i 've been waiting my whole life . 
 i was so sure this was different , the kind of love story they made movies and books about , but in the end it was just a summer to a summer , a dizzying breath of honeysuckle and whiskey and candle smoke , inhaled , held , let go . 
 park told me funny bar stories on the way to the airport , trying to take my mind off things , and i laughed but i felt outside myself , an observer . 
 the camera watching the girl . 
 he walked me inside the terminal all the way to the tsa checkpoint , because he said no one should go to an airport alone . 
 that almost made cry . 
 he said he 'd tell evan i got here safely . 
 i hugged him goodbye , and he winked . 
 lambert international was cold and bright as a hospital , everything sterile white . 
 i was freezing but i walked slowly to my gate , wanting to prolong it all , listening to the voices on the pa talking about gate changes and delays with an intense reverence . 
 lives changed here , stories beginning and ending . 
 somewhere lovers met for the first time after talking online , touching each other 's faces with amazement . 
 an afghanistan vet with sand in her boots hugged her husband and kid . 
 and a girl headed west , chasing the setting sun , without the man she loved . 
 it was so surreal . 
 it was going to end in an airport after all , just like ilsa . 
 i stared at the signs , the names of cities , but i was lost inside myself . 
 regrets only beyond this point . 
 i checked in and sat watching the planes glinting in the sunset , sleek painted steel against the fire in the sky . 
 i listened to sophie barker 's cover of `` leaving on a jet plane '' until i thought i was as sad as i could get , then switched to `` maps '' and found out i could get sadder , and started laughing at myself , ridiculously , and then they called us for boarding . 
 okay , i thought , walking down the gangway . 
 this is it . 
 goodbye , rick . 
 goodbye , captain renault . 
 goodbye , eric evan wilke . 
 god , get to your seat without crying , maise o'malley . 
 i was in the first row of coach , window seat . 
 when i buckled my belt i thought suddenly of getting in the front car of deathsnake and my eyes went blurry . 
 i turned to the window , forcing myself to focus through my reflection . 
 in the deepening twilight , the runway lights looked like the carnival fireflies that night in august , distance making them beautiful . 
 wish you were here . 
 someone took the seat next to me and i tried to school my face . 
 god , the last thing i needed was people thinking i was crying because i had a bomb strapped to my chest . 
 in a few minutes , i 'd be getting the world 's best view of the only place i 'd ever lived or loved , but i 'd be seeing it all by myself . 
 i could still smell evan on my clothes , my skin , as if he was right here . 
 i should have f ** king changed . 
 the captain got on the pa , announcing our flight like a movie . 
 tonight 's feature is the rest of your sorry life . 
 i could n't tear my eyes from the window , wanting to drink in as much of st. louis as i could , knowing somewhere out there , one of those infinitesimally small lights was him . 
 i wondered if he 'd look up and see the planes crossing the sky like shooting stars , knowing one of those lights was me . 
 `` you 're pretty brave , '' the guy beside me said , `` sitting up front by yourself . '' 
 the floor fell out of the universe . 
 i was in freefall . 
 i turned . 
 all i saw was blurred gold , and a small , hopeful smile , and the haze of city lights through the window across the aisle , twinkling . 
 i could n't speak . 
 i could only contain the heart and lungs that were beating inside me , that filled my whole body until i was nothing but breath and blood . 
 the camera zooms in on the shine of an eye , the tremulous quiver of a lip . 
 he 's smiling but his eyes are wet . 
 she 's crying but her heart is infinitely light . 
 background noise recedes . 
 music fades in , swelling . 
 spontaneously and simultaneously , they reach for each other 's hands . 
