 chapter one i took a deep breath , then winced . 
 i was trying to enjoy basking in the miami sun , but i was still a little sore . 
 it had been over a month now since i 'd sustained my injuries . 
 i was fit enough to work now , but i still got occasional reminders of what had happened to me when i moved or breathed just wrong . 
 my phone chimed that i had a new text message , and i winced again . 
 i needed to remember to keep it in the off position . 
 it helped me to delay the inevitable . 
 i reached down to the concrete below my pool lounge chair , gripped my phone , and held down the off button until it powered off . 
 just seconds later , i heard the kings of leon song that served as stephan 's ringtone begin to play . 
 he sighed heavily from his lounge chair beside me , then rose , heading into the hotel bar that was nearest the pool . 
 if i had n't been sure my text was from james , i was now . 
 it was his pattern lately . 
 he would call stephan after failing to get ahold of me . 
 and for some odd reason , stephan felt obliged to answer his calls . 
 it had been the cause of an unusual new tension that had sprung up between us . 
 a different figure loomed over me a moment later , casting a shadow as it hovered near the seat that stephan had just vacated . 
 `` mind if i join you , bee ? '' 
 damien asked in his heavy australian accent . 
 i did n't open my eyes from behind my dark shades , but i recognized his voice easily enough . 
 i made a humming noise that meant i did n't care , and he lounged beside me . 
 stephan and i had had to call in several big favors from another crew to get to miami for our layover . 
 but i had wanted so desperately to avoid new york this week that stephan had made it happen . 
 somehow captain damien and first officer murphy had managed to do the same , after stephan had casually mentioned in a text that we would be missing our new york trip for the week . 
 at first , i 'd thought it was rather stalker-ish of them , but more and more , the two men were growing on me . 
 damien had made no overtures . 
 he was , in fact , great company for a person who just wanted some peace and quiet . 
 he had no problem being comfortably silent , occasionally making light-hearted comments that drew me out of my black moods . 
 and he was accompanied by murphy more often than not . 
 murphy could make anyone laugh . 
 even me in the depressed mood that was dogging me lately . 
 `` that cover-up is gon na give you an interesting tan line , '' damien said in an amused tone . 
 i wore a black swimsuit coverup that went to the top of my thighs . 
 i wore it over my plain black bikini . 
 the coverup was see-through , but it was just dark enough to mostly obscure the faint traces of bruises that still patterned my torso in a stark reminder of the violence i 'd survived just weeks ago . 
 they had faded considerably , but they were still dark enough to need covering . 
 i would draw unwanted attention if i bared my skin for all to see . 
 i 'd already gotten enough unwanted attention lately . 
 the paparazzi would take any excuse to make me a headline nowadays . 
 i was n't in any mood to encourage them . 
 `` no one wants to see what 's under this cover-up . 
 trust me , '' i told him , still not opening my eyes or even twitching . 
 he coughed back a little laugh that made me uncomfortable . 
 i was perceptive enough to know that damien was more than a little interested in me in a romantic way . 
 any reminders of the fact were unwelcome . 
 `` i beg to differ , '' he said quietly , and i felt myself frown . 
 `` sorry , sorry , '' he said quickly , before i could speak . 
 i let it go . 
 as long as he knew i was n't interested in anything beyond friendship , i was content to let sleeping dogs lie . 
 damien was handsome and funny and great company . 
 he was also a shameless womanizer . 
 i figured it was just second nature to him to try to to show interest in any woman in his vicinity . 
 and it was also in his nature to flatter any woman when given an opening . 
 i was usually more careful about giving him that opening . 
 `` is everything okay between you and stephan ? 
 i 've never seen you guys like this before . 
 you 're so stiff with each other . 
 are you fighting ? '' 
 my gut clenched . 
 things did seem off between us , and i was n't sure how to make it better . 
 i figured he had to be at least a little resentful of me for making him miss his week 's worth of melvin time this week . 
 not that i had actually made him . 
 i had told him more than once that i would understand if he still wanted to go to new york . 
 the crew we had traded with had even agreed to just do a single trade with me . 
 but stephan had insisted we stick together . 
 he was worried about me , i knew . 
 i liked damien . 
 i even thought of him as a friend . 
 one of my few pilot friends . 
 but i could n't imagine discussing my difficulties with stephan with anyone . 
 it felt almost disloyal . 
 `` he 's just worried about me , i think . 
 since the attack , we 've both been on edge , '' i explained . 
 it was all true , but did n't address the reason for our awkwardness . 
 damien made a neutral little hum in his throat . 
 `` what about that james guy ? 
 you two doing okay ? 
 i saw a little bit of the media circus that surrounds him . 
 you get tired of all that , and drop him ? 
 you could have any man you want , you know . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 damien was usually very good about not asking questions like that . 
 it was why he had made good company lately . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i said , my tone cool . 
 he got the hint . 
 `` damn , sorry . 
 i 'm on a roll , putting my foot in my mouth , are n't i ? '' 
 i gave a half-smile , finally looking at him . 
 i gave a little nod , and he laughed . 
 `` well , i guess i owe you now . 
 you want to ask me any rude , prying questions about my personal life ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he had a great smile . 
 it was all even white teeth , and self-deprecating humor . 
 it would have been hard not to smile back . 
 i did n't even try . 
 `` nope , '' i told him with no hesitation . 
 he laughed again , as though i was much more funny than i actually was . 
 `` i guess when you answer yes to that question , i 'll know i have you where i want you . '' 
 i just wrinkled my nose and turned my face away . 
 `` wan na take a walk on the beach ? '' 
 he asked , after several minutes of silence . 
 i realized in surprise that i did want to get up and move around a bit . 
 i 'd been so inactive lately , due to my injuries . 
 `` it 's not a romantic stroll or anything , is it ? '' 
 i asked him cautiously . 
 he sat up , grinning at me . 
 he really was a good-looking man . 
 he wore only low-slung black swim trunks . 
 he was tan and muscular . 
 his dark hair and warm brown eyes were hollywood material . 
 i really did n't understand why he would put so much time into a passably attractive girl who was n't even remotely interested in him . 
 i tried to use that characterization as further proof that he was just being friendly , still strangely uncomfortable with his company . 
 i got up , moving slowly . 
 i was still stiff , though i had recovered remarkably well , all things considered . 
 i had n't been released from the hospital until i 'd had countless tests run , so i was in the clear of any serious injuries . 
 i started walking , and damien fell into step beside me . 
 he seemed to know better than to try to help me . 
 i found the wooden crosswalk that led from our hotel to the beach , and crossed it resolutely . 
 i walked almost to the water line before i began to walk along the beach . 
 my bare feet got wet , but it felt good after laying in the hot sun . 
 i even got a few steps deeper into the tide before i began to follow the shoreline , passing the various ocean-front hotels . 
 i counted the hotels we passed , absently keeping track . 
 `` some weirdo just got a picture of us , '' damien told me as we walked . 
 inwardly , i cursed . 
 outwardly , i shrugged . 
 `` want me to go beat him up and take his camera ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed . 
 `` the damage is done , '' i said . 
 i could only imagine what they would print about me this week . 
 i figured no matter what it was , it could n't be worse than the tangent they had gone on a month ago . 
 they had called me every derogatory name in the book . 
 i was becoming quickly immune to it . 
 it was almost a pleasant surprise to me , how quickly i was becoming desensitized to being publicly insulted . 
 someday i might even stifle my unhealthy urge to check online for what they were saying about me . 
 i was n't sure i 'd ever have enough self-control to keep from checking to see what they were saying about james ... `` are you really done with that james cavendish guy , or are you just taking a break ? '' 
 damien asked , walking close to my side , as though afraid i would lose my balance . 
 he probably was n't totally wrong . 
 i did feel a little wobbly , but it was mostly because i was so stiff . 
 i gave him a level stare . 
 i decided to be brutally honest with him . 
 `` i 'd like to think i 'm sensible enough to be done with him . 
 i 'm realistic enough to know that , done or not , i 'm ruined for other men . 
 if you must know , he and i have certain ... tastes in common . 
 i do n't really care to discuss it any more than that . '' 
 damien touched my arm briefly , giving me a warm smile when i looked at him . 
 `` if you 're a dominatrix , bee , i can live with that . 
 feel free to tie me up and spank me , anytime you feel the need . '' 
 i laughed , because he was joking , and because it was the opposite of the truth . 
 `` um , no , '' was all i said to him . 
 `` are you in love with him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is it that serious ? 
 you can tell me , bianca . 
 i wo n't judge . 
 i just want to be your friend . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 he was my friend . 
 why is it so hard for me to open up ? 
 i wondered . 
 even to a friend . 
 i thought over the question , trying to suppress my natural urge to just close up at such a personal topic . 
 `` yes , '' i answered finally . 
 `` it 's hopeless , i know . 
 maybe that 's why my heart was perverse enough to give itself . 
 but i do love him . '' 
 he squeezed my elbow . 
 `` hey , i know the feeling . 
 do n't beat yourself up so much . 
 what will you do ? '' 
 i took a few deep breaths , really thinking about it . 
 `` that 's what i do n't know . 
 i ca n't deny how i feel , but i can deny where it has to lead . 
 he still wants me . 
 will i let him have me again ? 
 that 's the million dollar question , i suppose . '' 
 damien gave me a pained look . 
 `` it is . '' 
 i gave a small shrug , the one i could n't seem to help . 
 it was a gesture that seemed to drive everyone in my life insane . 
 `` he 'll grow tired of me , i 'm sure , '' i said softly . 
 `` it 's his m.o. . 
 the question is , am i so desperate for him that i 'll just sign on for the ride ? '' 
 damien did n't have an answer for that . 
 neither did i. chapter two damien and i walked slowly back to the hotel . 
 we found more neutral topics to chat about on the return trip . 
 i noticed this time when my picture was taken by the man who crouched in the bushes outside of the hotel that bordered our own . 
 he was a pudgy , balding man . 
 i had the urge to tell him that he did n't need to bother damaging his knees by attempting to hide . 
 he was very visible , even hiding . 
 i made myself ignore him instead . 
 his publication would say something horrible about me either way , i was sure . 
 `` wan na hit up that cuban restaurant on the corner ? '' 
 damien asked . 
 we were almost back to our hotel . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` let 's see what stephan wants to do , '' i said neutrally . 
 the food sounded good , but i did n't want to end up going to dinner with just damien . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll make it a foursome . 
 murphy will no doubt have an opinion on where to eat , '' damien said cheerfully . 
 his attitude reassured me . 
 i 'd been half-worried he was trying to corner me into some kind of a date . 
 we found the other two men chatting with each other in our crew hotel 's large , crowded bar . 
 everyone agreed on the cuban restaurant easily enough . 
 it did have killer food . 
 we split up to change for dinner , meeting back in the lobby twenty minutes later . 
 i just threw on some shorts and a tank top . 
 we walked to the restaurant , the men joking constantly , making me laugh . 
 they really were good company . 
 i ordered black bean soup and rice at the restaurant . 
 it was a simple , if fattening , meal . 
 i did n't care . 
 it was my version of comfort food . 
 i gorged myself , as i rarely did . 
 i even ordered a second order of the meal to go . 
 it was a great breakfast , if you added orange juice . 
 i did , grabbing a carton from the mini - mart a block away from the hotel . 
 stephan carried everything for me without a word . 
 awkward as it was between us , he was still a gentleman to his core . 
 his unusual mormon upbringing had ingrained in him a need to shelter me that i 'd never been able to talk him out of . 
 i accepted him too much to even try at this point . 
 i just thanked him when he unburdened me of the bags . 
 unexpectedly , he gripped my hand as we walked . 
 i squeezed his hand back instantly . 
 i could n't stand distance between us . 
 `` are you mad at me ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 we walked just a few feet in front of murphy and damien , so i pitched my voice very low . 
 he sent me a wide-eyed , surprised look . 
 `` of course not , buttercup . 
 i 'm terrified that you 're angry with me for keeping in contact with james . '' 
 i squeezed his hand again . 
 `` no . 
 i understand very well how hard it is to ignore that man . 
 he is persistent . 
 i was just worried that you were mad at me for keeping you away from melvin this week . '' 
 his mouth tightened . 
 `` not at all . 
 i 've come to realize that melvin is n't relationship material . 
 he admitted to hooking up with another guy last week , even though we had said we were going to take it slow , but be exclusive . 
 and i also think he tried to talk to the press about you and i. i feel bad that my judgement was so off about him . 
 i was so attracted at first that i just saw what i wanted to see . 
 you know what i mean ? '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` sadly , i know exactly what you mean , '' i said , thinking of james . 
 he shook his head , giving my hand a little squeeze . 
 `` james is n't the same as melvin , bee . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 i just wish you could see it , too . '' 
 i just gave him a look . 
 it was my ` drop it ' look . 
 murphy and damien wanted to go bar hopping on south beach . 
 i declined their invitation quickly . 
 stephan followed suit . 
 murphy turned to his phone , texting the rest of our crew . 
 we had seen the three other flight attendants at the pool briefly earlier , but they seemed to be a room-bound lot for the evening . 
 murphy looked crestfallen . 
 an antisocial crew was his worst nightmare . 
 `` a movie ? 
 there 's a theatre less than ten minutes away . '' 
 stephan sent me a questioning look . 
 i just shrugged . 
 what i wanted was to go to my room and crawl under my covers until morning , but i knew i would just drive myself crazy if i went that route . 
 a movie seemed the lesser evil . 
 `` okay . 
 just let me a grab a sweatshirt . 
 i always get cold in that theatre , '' i agreed finally . 
 my room was down the hall from stephan 's . 
 unfortunately , the hotel had n't been able to accommodate us with adjoining rooms , as we preferred . 
 he handed me my bags of food and juice as we split up . 
 i put the food in my mini-fridge , and grabbed a sweatshirt from my suitcase . 
 i set my phone on the end table by my bed , plugging it in to charge . 
 reluctantly , i turned it on . 
 i was just intending to set my alarm for the morning , then leave the phone in my room , charging . 
 there were several missed texts and calls . 
 there always were , lately . 
 most were from james , of course , though a few were from other friends , and a few were from a strange vegas 702 number that kept popping up lately . 
 i wondered briefly who that strange number could be , as it kept showing up more and more in my missed call log . 
 i 'd even taken the call once , though there 'd just been a few seconds of background noise followed by an abrupt hangup . 
 my mind changed courses when , in a sudden total loss of self-control , i checked my latest missed text . 
 i was n't at all surprised to see that it was from james , but my heart still skipped a beat just seeing his name . 
 james : just checking in to see how you 're doing . 
 i miss you . 
 i was texting back before i could stop myself . 
 bianca : doing fine . 
 please stop worrying about me . 
 just hanging out with the crew . 
 hope things are well with you . 
 he responded immediately . 
 james : well enough . 
 i 'll be in london for most of next week , so please do n't skip out on new york again just to avoid me . 
 when can i see you again ? 
 my heart ached with longing at just the thought of seeing him , but my heart was n't doing a good job of steering me in the right direction lately . 
 bianca : i need more time . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just seem to lose all self-control when i get near you . 
 i need to get myself grounded again . 
 james : we can meet however you want . 
 you make the terms . 
 i would agree to anything , just to see you for five minutes . 
 i mean that literally . 
 i could meet up with your crew or we could meet up for coffee . 
 just tell me what you want and i 'll do it . 
 i 'm desperate to see you . 
 i swallowed , feeling at sea . 
 how i wanted to see him , even if only for five minutes . 
 i should be able to control myself , if it were only five minutes ... bianca : let me think about it . 
 you know my schedule . 
 let me know when we 're in the same city and i 'll try to find a brief , neutral way that we can meet up . 
 james : do n't tempt me so , love . 
 i 'll be on a plane in thirty minutes if you really mean that . 
 my gut clenched . 
 bianca : do n't do that . 
 i meant if your schedule takes you to the same city . 
 please do n't travel on my account . 
 james : i need to take a business trip to vegas soon . 
 i 'd like to see you when i 'm there . 
 tell me the time and place and i 'll work my schedule around it . 
 bianca : stephan and i are meeting up with some friends a week from monday . 
 we have n't decided on a time or place , but i 'll let you know when we do . 
 you can join us if you want . 
 james : i very much want . 
 give me the details when you have them . 
 i 'll count the days , my love . 
 i turned my phone off after that . 
 we all met back up in the lobby . 
 i was the last to arrive . 
 i felt bad that i had made them all wait , but no one seemed to mind . 
 they were having a good-natured argument about whether we should walk or share a taxi . 
 i wrinkled my nose at murphy , who seemed to think it was worth it to take a taxi the short distance . 
 `` it 's less than a mile , '' i told him . 
 `` it 's a waste of money . 
 especially since it 's so nice out . '' 
 damien poked murphy 's oversized belly . 
 `` it seems like you could use a walk , mate . '' 
 murphy poked damien 's belly . 
 `` do n't foist your body image issues on me , mate . 
 i 'm sexy . 
 when i want a six pack , i go to the liquor store . 
 it 's a hell of a lot more fun than spending three hours a day at the gym , like mr. universe here . '' 
 we all laughed . 
 murphy saw that he was outvoted , so we walked . 
 the walk was pleasant , but once there , we had a hard time deciding on what to see . 
 for some odd reason , the pilots were insisting on a romantic comedy . 
 stephan and i wanted to see a newly released sci-fi horror flick . 
 i did n't like romantic comedies as a rule , but i particularly refused to see the one they were pointing out . 
 it was starring a young red-headed actress whom i 'd seen photographed with james . 
 if i watched the movie , i knew i 'd just obsess about him and get depressed all over again . 
 when i suggested that we just watch two different movies , the pilots finally caved . 
 `` but if i get nightmares after this , damien is getting a roommate tonight . 
 i am always the big spoon . 
 no exceptions , '' murphy warned . 
 stephan and i laughed , but damien just gave him a disgruntled look , as though he was genuinely worried murphy would try it . 
 that look just made me laugh harder . 
 i thought the movie was great , but murphy did n't agree . 
 `` that scene where that chick cut the alien out of her ... i ca n't stop seeing that in my head . 
 i 'm going to be scarred for life now . 
 you guys owe me for that . 
 i 'm making you all watch a lighthearted comedy next time , '' murphy threatened as we walked back to the hotel . 
 dark had fallen while we watched the movie , but the streets were well-lit and many people still walked along the popular street . 
 i noticed that stephan had tensed up , and i followed his stare to a man taking pictures of us . 
 i held his arm firmly , continuing to walk . 
 stephan looked about ready to punch the guy . 
 `` we 're going to have to just learn to ignore that sort of thing , '' i told him quietly . 
 `` we ca n't stop them from taking pictures , and we ca n't control what they say , so ignoring them is our only recourse . '' 
 he gave me an assessing glance . 
 `` maybe you are suited to james 's lifestyle . 
 it 's pretty impressive that you 're already accustomed to the paparazzi , considering that you 've only been dealing with them for a few weeks . '' 
 i gave my little shrug . 
 `` it 's not the end of the world . 
 i could do without all of the horrible things they 'll print along with the pictures , but i really just need to learn to stop reading it . 
 it 's all garbage . 
 before i dated james , i never would have even glanced at any of it . 
 i need to get back to that mindset . '' 
 stephan nodded firmly . 
 `` me , too . 
 i have google alerts on you and james now . 
 i need to quit torturing myself . 
 it 's not like we can stop any of it . '' 
 `` if you see me looking up garbage gossip sites online , you need to stop me . 
 this has gotten out of hand . '' 
 `` ditto , buttercup . '' 
 chapter three the days passed slowly , as i looked forward to seeing james . 
 despite my reservations , i almost called him to arrange a meeting sooner several times . 
 in the end , i had hardly any contact with james , only texting him briefly the sunday before i was due to see him . 
 i just told him where everyone had decided to meet . 
 it was a work affair that i was n't particularly enthused about attending . 
 but stephan would n't go anywhere without me lately , and i was tired of keeping him home . 
 i knew he loved to go out , so i had agreed to attend the work party almost two weeks before . 
 bianca : we 're meeting at 6pm at the dime lounge . 
 it 's just off of the strip , on the east side of tropicana . 
 it 's going to be a lot of flight attendants and pilots . 
 james : i 'll be there . 
 i started getting ready at 3:30 , which was early for me . 
 giving myself more than an hour to get ready was unusual , so taking over two hours meant that i was nervous . 
 nervous and excited . 
 it took me an uncharacteristically long time to choose an outfit . 
 i finally settled on a black mini-skirt that showed a lot of leg . 
 i paired it with a sleeveless black button-up silk top that showed a tasteful but generous hint of cl ** vage . 
 the all-black outfit put me in the mood for some loud shoes , so i dug out a pair of wedge sandals that were a bright mix of colors that did n't go with anything but black . 
 they were a mix of orange , yellow , pink and blue that made me smile . 
 they laced up my ankles in wide satin ribbons , and i tied them in neat little bows there . 
 i never got a chance to wear the impulsive purchase , and i was pleased with the overall look of the outfit . 
 i found some big silver hoops for my ears . 
 i eyed a silver box that had arrived in my mail the day i 'd gotten home from the hospital . 
 i 'd glanced inside of it , seen the contents , and shut it without another glance . 
 it contained the collar and watch that james had given me , before all hell had broken loose . 
 i did n't know what to do with the jewelry . 
 i did n't feel like i could keep it , since we were n't together . 
 but i was also sure that james would n't accept it back . 
 he obviously would n't , since the last time i 'd returned it it had just ended up in my mailbox . 
 i did my hair and makeup , stewing about the jewelry . 
 part of me wanted to just wear it . 
 the collar would go well with my neckline , setting off my cl ** vage nicely . 
 james would be happy to see me wear it , i knew . 
 but it might also give him the wrong idea . 
 he might take it to mean that i was willing to pick up again where we 'd last left off . 
 i was n't sure i was willing to do that . 
 a change came over me when i was near james . 
 a change that i was n't sure i liked . 
 he 'd gotten me to fall in love with him after just over a week of knowing him . 
 and if that was n't bat-shit crazy , i did n't know what was . 
 i left my hair pin straight and hanging down my back in a pale , beige-blond line . 
 i lined my eyes in a soft brown . 
 i had a heavy hand with the black mascara and used a generous amount of gold eyeshadow . 
 i went with a soft pink lip , liberally applying gloss . 
 it was more makeup than i usually went with , but i thought it would suit a place like the dime just fine . 
 the overall effect made me feel sexy and sophisticated , and that was exactly what i wanted . 
 i needed to feel confident when i saw james again . 
 i heard my phone chime , and knew it would be stephan , saying it was time to go . 
 a look at the clock told me that . 
 impulsively , i opened the silver box . 
 i weighed the lovely choker in my hands . 
 it was a silver color , though i had no idea what metal it was . 
 i could never tell the difference . 
 but it looked expensive , with diamonds peppering the whole necklace , and a loop on the front made entirely of alarmingly large ones . 
 i had n't realized how large they were before . 
 i took a deep breath , and reached back to put it on . 
 the weight of it felt nice against the base of my neck , and i studied it , running my finger along it . 
 i needed to go , but i could n't seem to look away from the collar around my neck . 
 i glanced back at the box , and noticed for the first time that the box held more than just the necklace and watch . 
 i opened another small box that i had overlooked with my previous cursory inspection . 
 it contained exquisite , large hooped earrings made up of large diamonds that matched the details on my collar to the t. i bit my lip , and put them on . 
 in for a penny , in for a pound , i thought recklessly . 
 i hurried out the door , and , sure enough , stephan 's car was waiting in my driveway . 
 i got into his car , digging into my small clutch-purse as i did so . 
 i checked to make sure i had all the essentials . 
 stephan let out a low whistle at the sight of me . 
 `` you look hot , buttercup . 
 if you had n't told me james was stopping by to see you , i could have guessed by that mini skirt . '' 
 i gave him a sharp look , but could n't maintain it for long . 
 he had a point . 
 i hardly ever tried to dress sexy . 
 `` everyone is going to be there , '' stephan told me happily as we drove the twenty minutes to the club . 
 he started naming off the attendees . 
 some i would normally have been happy to see , but at the moment , not so much . 
 everyone knew i had been attacked in my home . 
 and that i had been hospitalized for over a week . 
 the rumor was that i 'd had a home invader attack me , but people would be asking me well-meaning questions about it nonetheless . 
 i hated the kinds of questions that i knew would be asked . 
 i hated that people had even a vague idea of what had happened to me . 
 i 'd survived , and the rest were just details , i told myself firmly . 
 it was a mantra that always snapped me out of self-pity mode . 
 as usual , it worked . 
 i was alive , and it was enough . 
 we had a good-natured argument as we drove about whether stephan should pop the collar of his polo . 
 he 'd worn the collar up , and i 'd noticed almost immediately . 
 i just could n't seem to get onboard with the style . 
 there was just something inherently douche-baggy about the look . 
 i told him so . 
 he eventually caved , straightening his collar with a rueful smile . 
 `` just because you like a look , that does n't make it right , '' i teased him . 
 we got to the lounge a solid ten minutes before six . 
 the doorman was checking our i.d 's and even our airline badges . 
 we both had them on us , since we had been told we 'd need them to get an employee discount , but it was unusual to have to show them at the door . 
 i heard a familiar voice behind me . 
 `` these are mr. cavendish 's guests . 
 i 'll walk them in . '' 
 i turned , giving a surprised smile to clark . 
 i inwardly cringed , thinking of the last time he 'd seen me . 
 i 'd been a complete mess , running into traffic like a maniac . 
 but it was n't his fault he 'd seen me in that state , so i tried to greet him as though it had n't happened . 
 `` how are you , clark ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he smiled at me warmly . 
 he seemed genuinely pleased to see me . 
 `` just great , ms. karlsson . 
 i 'm very happy to see you looking so well . '' 
 i just nodded , automatically shying away from the subject of what had made me so un well recently . 
 clark led us through the dimly lit lounge , heading straight to the small vip section . 
 i sighed . 
 of course james would be in vip , but it kind of defeated the whole purpose of us being here , socializing with co-workers . 
 sure enough , we were no sooner seated than stephan was bouncing back up , spotting a friend of ours across the room . 
 it was our friend , jessa . 
 i had n't seen her in over a month , and i really did want to say hi . 
 i saw quickly that james was nowhere to be seen . 
 i sent clark an apologetic glance . 
 `` thanks for showing us to the table , clark , but i see someone i want to chat with . 
 where is james ? '' 
 clark looked uncomfortable . 
 he was even fidgeting with his tie . 
 the nervous gesture seemed very uncharacteristic for him . 
 `` in the car , finishing up some phone calls . 
 i 'm pretty sure he did n't think you 'd be so prompt , or i know he would have wrapped his business up by now . '' 
 i just nodded and headed over to where stephan and jessa were hugging in greeting . 
 she saw me and gasped . 
 she gave me a hug that was hard enough that i had to hide a little gasp . 
 my ribs were still a little tender , if they were pressed just wrong . 
 she 'd hit just the wrong spot with her exuberant squeeze . 
 i hid my reaction and returned her hug . 
 `` it 's so good to see you looking better , '' jessa gushed . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't come by the hospital or visit you before . 
 thing 's have been crazy lately , and i did n't hear about anything until you were leaving the hospital . 
 and i was out of town at the time . '' 
 she glared at stephan . 
 `` stephan here kept it under wraps . 
 even from me . '' 
 `` please , do n't give it a thought . 
 in fact , let 's never talk about it again . 
 how 've you been ? 
 where have you been flying this month ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 jessa was from our flight attendant class . 
 she was a tall brunette , nearly my height , with lovely brown eyes and the warmest smile . 
 she was one of my favorite people . 
 when possible , we tried to meet up with her at least twice a month to catch up . 
 she had a great sense of humor , and loved to go out . 
 even stephan was a homebody compared to her . 
 she was flipping her thick , curly hair behind her shoulders as she told us a story about some passenger on her last flight who 'd tried to smoke in the bathroom and then lie about it . 
 she was getting agitated just relating the story about the shameless lies the old man had tried to get away with . 
 i had to hide a smile . 
 she was always getting agitated with the crazies . 
 and her sassy way of dealing with them was just good comedy . 
 a cocktail waitress in a mini skirt and corset promptly approached us and got our drink orders . 
 stephan was drinking house cabernet . 
 i stuck with water . 
 i was off of alcohol , especially if james was attending . 
 he abhorred the stuff . 
 i spotted brenda by the bar , and waved . 
 she joined us , smiling . 
 `` we missed you guys this week , '' she said in greeting . 
 `` cindy and lars are great , though , right ? '' 
 i asked , smiling . 
 the couple we had traded with were notoriously fun to work with . 
 `` oh , yeah , those two are a blast . 
 we still missed you , though . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` jake and i , i mean . '' 
 we shared a wry smile . 
 i did n't have to ask why she had left out melissa 's name . 
 the other girl was acting more and more unhinged every time i dealt with her . 
 i had known she would n't miss us . 
 she noticed my jewelry . 
 `` that is the loveliest necklace and earrings . 
 so unique . '' 
 i fingered my choker , thanking her . 
 `` did your husband come ? '' 
 i asked , glancing around . 
 he often came with her to work functions , and sometimes even joined her on layovers . 
 `` no , he did n't get off of work until six , and he says he 's beat . 
 i probably wo n't stay long . 
 it 's just so hard to miss out on an opportunity to see so many of the flight attendants that i rarely get to see . 
 we should organize these parties more often . '' 
 jessa agreed with her heartily , and they chatted about trying to do just that for a solid ten minutes . 
 jake joined us amidst their plans , hugging everyone while managing to seem interested in the current conversation . 
 i hugged him back lightly . 
 i had had a hard time with the flight attendant hugging situation right at first , but the custom had grown on me . 
 when you had close friends that you only got to see once a month in passing , a hug seemed appropriate . 
 though everyone , even not so close friends , seemed to insist on the habit . 
 i just went with it now . 
 no one else understood my hangup , i knew . 
 so i had just learned to keep it to myself . 
 a tall , slender , dark-haired man approached stephan from behind , clapping him on the shoulder in greeting . 
 the man leaned in close to stephan 's ear , whispering something . 
 stephan seemed to blush down to his toes . 
 i watched the whole thing as if in slow-motion , my jaw dropping in shock . 
 chapter four it took me a long moment to recognize the man , since what i was seeing made no sense to me . 
 javier flores and stephan were not exactly on friendly terms . 
 last i had checked , they were closer to bitter exes . 
 the two men had n't spoken for over a year . 
 or so i had thought . 
 javier was stephan 's version of the one that got away . 
 the two men were as dissimilar physically as they were personality-wise . 
 though both men were tall and handsome , stephan was much taller . 
 javier was maybe an inch shy of six feet . 
 and where stephan resembled a strapping abercrombie and fitch model with his blond good looks , javier was almost delicate looking . 
 his face was just plain pretty , with perfect , even features , and the thickest eyelashes i 'd ever seen . 
 he had jet black hair that hung to his shoulders , falling into his eyes artfully as he tilted his head forward , giving stephan a wicked sideways smile . 
 he was tall and slender , almost thin . 
 his dark brown eyes were mysterious and lovely , but i had always found them a little cold and distant . 
 the two men had dated for just a month , over a year ago . 
 it had been an intense month , but it had ended quickly , and badly . 
 javier had a real problem being stephan 's secret lover , and he had n't tolerated the situation for long . 
 he 'd given stephan an ultimatum ; stop hiding their relationship , or he was out . 
 javier had been shocked and hurt when stephan had chosen the latter . 
 he 'd been giving stephan the silent treatment ever since , avoiding him at parties like this . 
 he 'd even left the room at the sight of stephan for several months after the breakup . 
 stephan had been crushed by the whole thing . 
 i had understood that javier was hurt badly , but i still thought he 'd been an a ** hole about the breakup . 
 still , i 'd been upset about the breakup as well . 
 stephan had never looked at any guy the way he looked at javier , and i 'd really hoped , at the beginning , that the relationship would work out for them . 
 javier saw me staring at him , and his smiled died a quick death . 
 he 'd always been polite and courteous with me , but i 'd sensed that i made him wary . 
 not a lot of people understood the relationship between stephan and i. javier surprised me by striding to me and enveloping me in a soft hug . 
 `` i 'm so happy to see you well , bianca . '' 
 i hugged him back automatically . 
 he did n't let go for some strange reason . 
 `` you do n't hate me , do you ? '' 
 he whispered in my ear . 
 i blinked , meeting stephan 's sheepish eyes over javier 's shoulder . 
 `` why would i hate you ? '' 
 i asked him quietly . 
 he 'd thrown me for a loop . 
 `` for being such a bastard to stephan for so long . 
 my heart was totally broken , but that 's no excuse for the way i treated him . 
 and i was n't exactly nice to you . 
 i stopped speaking to you as well , even though none of it was your fault . 
 stephan even tells me that you defended me , up until i threw a fit at that valentine 's party and embarrassed myself . '' 
 javier had been on our crew for the month when he and stephan had started seeing each other . 
 i had never even given a thought to the fact that javier had n't spoken to me either , since the breakup . 
 all things considered , i had just expected it . 
 `` i know it sounds crazy , but i was jealous of you . 
 i had myself half-convinced that something was going on between the two of you , and that was why stephan could n't seem to commit to being gay . '' 
 i stiffened . 
 he hugged me tighter , though his hold was still soft . 
 i doubted that the slender man had it in him to be rough . 
 `` i know . 
 crazy , right ? '' 
 javier continued . 
 `` but me and stephan have been talking again . 
 please , tell me you 're okay with it . '' 
 i nodded , though i was n't really sure what to think . 
 javier 's about-face was just so sudden and unexpected , and stephan had n't said a word . 
 i had just barely caught up with the fact that he was n't seeing melvin anymore . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i 'm not stephan 's keeper , contrary to popular belief . '' 
 he kissed my forehead , pulling back to look at me . 
 `` i know , but you 're his family . 
 i just want us to be cool . '' 
 his eyes were earnest and pleading now , far from the cool way they usually looked . 
 it gave me hope . 
 perhaps he just acted cool , to hide his feelings . 
 i could well understand that . 
 i smiled at him . 
 it was stiff , but not for lack of effort . 
 `` yes . 
 okay . 
 i want whatever makes stephan happy . 
 always . '' 
 javier nodded emphatically , finally stepping away from me . 
 `` good . 
 great . 
 stephan was worried you would n't like us seeing each other again . '' 
 i sent stephan a baffled look . 
 he was still watching us , looking distressed . 
 `` he should know better , '' i said . 
 javier moved back to stephan . 
 i was floored by what happened next . 
 stephan threw an arm over javier 's shoulders , messing up his hair playfully . 
 he released the smaller man almost instantly , but it was still the most affectionate thing i 'd ever seen him do in public with another man . 
 for some reason , i felt my eyes getting moist . 
 stephan caught my eye , walking over to me . 
 he pushed me into his chest , leaning down to speak into my ear . 
 `` are you really okay with this ? '' 
 `` what kind of a question is that ? '' 
 i asked , my voice muffled against his pale orange polo . 
 `` and why is this the first i 'm hearing about it ? '' 
 he was running a hand up and down my back soothingly . 
 `` it was just weird timing . 
 i kept meaning to , but things have been so crazy . 
 i could never find the right time . 
 he actually called me because he heard you 'd been hurt , and he wanted to make sure we were both okay . 
 that 's sweet , right ? '' 
 i pushed back , nodding at him . 
 `` what about your ... issues ? '' 
 he swallowed , hard . 
 `` javier and i talked about it . 
 and i realized he has a very good point . 
 i do n't have to make an announcement to the world . 
 i do n't need a coming-out ball , yanno ? 
 but i do n't need to lie about it anymore , either . 
 i can just live my life . 
 i do n't owe any explanations to anybody . 
 i always said i just wanted my private life private , but i 'm beginning to see that there was more to it . 
 and i have nothing to be ashamed of , right ? '' 
 he had tried to make it a statement , but i still heard the question in there . 
 i gripped his arms , hard . 
 `` not a thing . 
 i 'm so proud of you , stephan . '' 
 he squeezed my arm . 
 we avoided eye contact for a long minute , both blinking back embarrassing tears . 
 finally , composed , he just nodded , heading back to stand near javier . 
 he gripped the other man 's shoulder briefly before folding his arms across his chest , listening to whatever jessa was ranting about . 
 i felt a little in shock about stephan 's sudden , drastic change of heart . 
 but it was a good shock . 
 i watched the two men for several minutes , dazed by the change in stephan . 
 it was n't full on pda , but he kept playfully poking javier in the chest , or tugging on a lock of his hair . 
 javier kept his hands carefully to himself , but he was giving stephan the warmest , sweetest looks . 
 i thought it was beautiful . 
 murphy and damien were the next to join our group , and made the rounds , hugging everyone . 
 i realized that our little group had grown rather large and loud . 
 i searched the spacious lounge , thinking that james might have a hard time spotting me in such a large group , but i saw no sign of him . 
 i did spot melissa across the room . 
 she was sitting by the bar with captain peter . 
 she was wearing a skin-tight red dress , staring at our group sullenly . 
 i wondered , a little cattily , why she insisted on wearing colors that clashed with her hair . 
 i mentally chastised myself . 
 she was an unpleasant person , but that was no excuse for sinking to her level . 
 i gave her a little wave when our eyes met , resolving to at least be polite since she was a member of our crew for at least another month . 
 she just nodded back , then looked away . 
 at least she had n't flipped me off . 
 i focused back on our growing group as we were joined by two more . 
 it was judith and marnie . 
 they 'd been on our crew a few months back . 
 they were inseparable party girls . 
 judith had long black hair , and marnie was a platinum blond . 
 they were both very short with great figures and cute faces . 
 they sort of reminded me of naughty pixies . 
 half-drunk naughty pixies at the moment . 
 i remembered that they often introduced themselves to men at bars as ivanna humpalot and alotta vag ** a . 
 they rarely went back to their rooms alone , sometimes even sharing men with each other . 
 they were a funny pair , but not for the faint of heart . 
 stephan and i had been at judith 's twenty-first birthday party about two months ago . 
 it had been crazy . 
 she 'd made out with at least three men that i 'd seen , and dragged two of them to her hotel room . 
 marnie was a year older than judith , just twenty-two . 
 i was older than both girls , but the two of them had me beat by a lot of years in experience . 
 they both thought any woman who had lasted to fifteen with their virginity intact was a prude . 
 i did n't imagine they even had a word for someone who had lasted until age twenty-three , like i had . 
 judith squealed in delight when she saw me . 
 she rushed over and hugged me . 
 `` i heard about the attack . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 she nearly shouted . 
 i hugged her back stiffly , wishing she had n't spoken so loudly . 
 `` good . 
 how are you ? '' 
 she cast a sidelong glance in damien 's direction . 
 `` how much you wan na bet i 'll wake up in damien 's bed tomorrow ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` then i 'll be good . 
 marnie hooked up with him a few months ago . 
 she says he 's hung . 
 the last guy i hooked up with was a real disappointment . 
 it had to have given me some like good c * ck charma , right ? '' 
 her words surprised a laugh out of me . 
 i had n't known about the hook-up between marnie and damien , but i was n't surprised . 
 `` tmi , judith , '' i told her with a smile . 
 `` i have to work with him every week . '' 
 marnie had sidled up next to us , squeezing between us to hug me softly . 
 `` if judith goes after him tonight , i 'm joining them , '' she said with a wink . 
 `` i swear to god , if any man can handle two women at once , it 's him . 
 he 's a marathon man . '' 
 judith wrinkled her nose at marnie . 
 `` i never get the really good ones to myself . 
 she always wants a piece . '' 
 i did n't even try to hide my laugh . 
 she was complaining , but her tone was more amused than upset . 
 damien caught my eye from a few feet away . 
 he did n't walk over , just gave me wide , questioning eyes . 
 i was sure he was worried what they were telling me about him . 
 i just smirked at him . 
 he covered his face with his hands , and i swore i could hear his pained groan . 
 i did n't feel real bad for him , since i was willing to bet he 'd end up with the feisty girls by the end of the night . 
 `` i heard a rumor that you lost your v-card . 
 finally . 
 and to some super hot rich guy . 
 is it true ? '' 
 i grimaced . 
 the rumor mill was alive and well , and apparently held some truth . 
 `` yes . 
 please do n't say it so loud . '' 
 i was still mortified that the two girls even knew i 'd been a virgin . 
 they had guessed it , strangely enough , considering i knew few people who knew less about being virgins themselves . 
 we 'd been in judith 's hotel room , watching some romantic comedy on a layover , when the two girls had started in on their favorite sex stories . 
 they 'd asked me to share , and i 'd just blushed . 
 they had guessed , with no little disgust , that i was a virgin . 
 i had to give them a firm talking to when they would n't stop trying to find men to relieve me of the ` problem ' . 
 marnie had even volunteered to lend me her on-again off-again boyfriend at the time . 
 i had not taken the offer well . 
 i 'd gotten over it , though , knowing she was a little oblivious to other people 's feelings when it came to things like that . 
 `` well , congratulations . 
 was he any good ? 
 sometimes the really good-looking ones are horrible in bed . 
 it 's that whole , i 'm so hot i do n't even have to try , mentality . 
 yanno ? '' 
 judith elbowed marnie playfully in the ribs while she spoke . 
 i just shook my head , wide-eyed . 
 i most certainly did n't know anything about that . 
 i could n't imagine there was a man on the planet who was better in bed . 
 i did n't particularly want to share that information , though . 
 `` so he was good ? 
 your first time was good ? '' 
 marnie pried . 
 i nodded , very uncomfortable . 
 the sharing personal information thing was so not for me . 
 `` on a scale of one to ten , what was he ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 they were not gon na let up . 
 `` how would , ' i want him to f ** k me to death , and he just might ' , rate on that scale ? '' 
 the women hooted with laughter , but their laughter died as they looked up and to my left . 
 i felt a familiar firm hand grip my nape . 
 soft lips that i was well acquainted with kissed my cheek . 
 `` that 's a heartwarming assessment , love , '' james murmured against my skin . 
 chapter five i felt heat suffuse my cheeks in a rush , and a perverse shiver of pure pleasure rock my body . 
 typical james timing . 
 showing up at the most disarming moment possible . 
 judith and marnie were just staring at him , stunned speechless for a long moment . 
 i turned to look up at him . 
 his hand fell from my nape and we just stared at each other . 
 i drank in the sight of him . 
 he looked ... wonderful . 
 he was dressed in a bright blue polo with dark washed , fitted jeans , and navy running shoes . 
 it was the ` james 's supermodel take on casual ' , i thought . 
 even his casual looked too sexy for public . 
 i 'd never seen him in jeans before . 
 he made them look sinful . 
 i saw just the hint of the top of his tan chest at his collar , and had to stifle my urge to check my mouth for drool . 
 his caramel - colored hair just brushed that collar , and i clenched my hands to keep them at my sides . 
 i wanted to touch him . 
 but touching always led to too much , too fast , with us . 
 i met his vivid blue eyes . 
 they were intense and unsmiling . 
 his eyes dropped down to my earrings and then to the collar at my throat . 
 his jaw clenched , then unclenched . 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth . 
 my whole body seemed to clench . 
 `` thank you for wearing those . 
 it was ... considerate of you , '' he said in his most polite , if hoarse , voice . 
 he swallowed , shoving his hands into his pockets , then folding them across his chest . 
 it made his upper arms bulge through his fitted shirt distractingly . 
 his chest and arms looked bigger than i remembered , the muscles bulging as though he 'd been lifting weights excessively . 
 the material of his shirt looked so soft it made me itch to run my fingers over it . 
 but that light touch would turn to a stroke . 
 and then i would stroke harder to feel the resilient flesh beneath ... james 's eyes were running down my body now , not for the first time . 
 his eyes were on my very bare legs , then my cl ** vage . 
 `` your legs are outrageous . 
 you make that mini skirt look illegal . '' 
 he looked back at my face , finally . 
 `` you look beautiful . '' 
 he took a deep , harsh breath , staring at me . 
 it was gratifying . 
 `` but is n't that outfit a bit sexy for a work function ? '' 
 i wrinkled my nose at him , then pointedly looked around the room . 
 this was vegas , and we were in a bar full of flight attendants . 
 my attire was downright modest compared to some of the outfits i saw . 
 `` did you want me to f ** k you in front of all of your co-workers ? 
 because that 's all i can think about , when i see you in that outfit . '' 
 his voice was pitched low , but i gasped at his words . 
 `` this was supposed to be a short , casual meeting , '' i told him , a hint of accusation in my voice . 
 he took another deep breath , looking around the room , and away from me . 
 i watched as he counted to ten silently . 
 `` i missed you , '' he said finally . 
 i had missed him too , but i could n't make myself tell him that . 
 he still unsettled me too much for that kind of honesty . 
 instead , i said the first thing that popped into my head . 
 `` you were late . '' 
 his jaw clenched again . 
 `` yes . 
 i was in my car , in the middle of the most annoying business call of my life . 
 i think i may need to fire my manager in new york . 
 i did n't see you arrive , and lost track of time . 
 i apologize . 
 i did n't want to miss a second of our time together , which made the phone call particularly annoying . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 we got here early , for once , so i was just surprised to see that you were n't early , for once . '' 
 `` introduce us , '' judith said loudly . 
 i was n't surprised . 
 the two party girls had shown a surprising amount of self-control in letting us talk quietly for as long as we had . 
 i turned , giving the women a rueful smile . 
 jessa moved closer , and we suddenly had the attention of the entire group . 
 i went around the group , naming all of the people that james had n't yet met . 
 i touched james 's arm lightly as i finished . 
 `` everyone , this is my friend , james , '' i said , feeling awkward . 
 i had no idea what to call him . 
 `` boyfriend , '' james corrected , and i raised a brow at him . 
 i did n't know what he was , but it did n't seem like he could call himself that . 
 `` very serious boyfriend , '' he elaborated with a smirk . 
 i thought i knew what he was doing . 
 he wanted to talk to me in private , and he knew that giving himself that title would antagonize me enough to draw me into an argument . 
 i was n't going to bite , though , i told myself resolutely . 
 and he was overly possessive . 
 he would say anything to warn other men off . 
 i sent damien a glance . 
 he was watching us , his mouth tight . 
 i glanced away quickly , wanting to avoid drawing attention to the fact that he was staring at us rather intently . 
 judith and marnie began chatting james up mercilessly . 
 i was more than a little surprised that they were n't hitting on him . 
 not even a little bit . 
 it seemed more like they were interviewing him . 
 i thought it was kind of sweet . 
 they were the most flirtatious women i knew , but they were going out of their way to be completely platonic with someone whom they thought was my boyfriend . 
 someone who happened to be the most beautiful man on the planet . 
 it made me see that they were good friends to me . 
 maybe better than i 'd given them credit for . 
 i had a sad habit of being more cynical than was warranted . 
 kindness or consideration almost always caught me by surprise if it came from anyone but stephan . 
 i supposed he was the only person i 'd ever allowed myself to have expectations of . 
 i had plenty of friends . 
 mostly casual friends . 
 but friendship and trust just had n't been a connection i 'd made . 
 i listened to the girls asking james question after question , even their language cleaned up . 
 i suddenly felt old beyond my twenty-three years . 
 i 'd always thought they were the mature , experienced ones , but i certainly had them beat in the cynicism department . 
 i touched james 's arm with just the tips of my fingers . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 i need to use the restroom . '' 
 james tried to walk me to the bathroom , but i waved him off . 
 `` go say hi to stephan , '' i told him . 
 he gave me a stern look , but headed in that direction . 
 judith and marnie joined me . 
 the top of their heads were right at a level with my chest . 
 i always felt like a giant when i was hanging out with them . 
 `` o m g , bianca , that is the most beautiful man i 've ever seen in my life , '' judith gushed as we made our way across the bar . 
 i flushed , but i certainly could n't dispute the comment . 
 `` that man is downright pretty , '' marnie said . 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 the word pretty just sounded so feminine to me . 
 and that was so not james . 
 `` he 's good in bed , too ? '' 
 marnie asked , clearly skeptical . 
 `` that just is n't fair . 
 if i looked like him , i 'd never leave my house . 
 i 'd just stay home and f ** k myself . 
 if you tell me he has a big dick , i might become either a cutter or a lesbian . '' 
 we got to the line for the restroom , filing into the outrageous crowd that had already formed a good twenty feet away from the actual bathroom . 
 i smiled ruefully . 
 `` then i wo n't tell you , '' i said . 
 both women started making loud sounds of despair . 
 i laughed at their theatrics . 
 `` i guess good things really do come to those who wait . '' 
 judith said , sounding sad . 
 `` i ca n't go on one date without sleeping with a guy . 
 and i ca n't go two days without finding a date , so i guess i 'll never be getting anyone good . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait to come either , so i guess i wo n't be getting anything that good . 
 that kind of good only comes to those who wait twenty-three years , apparently , '' marnie said forlornly . 
 she brightened , snapping out of it almost immediately . 
 `` but we are gon na get a piece of captain damien tonight . 
 he 's a nice slice of something good . '' 
 i did n't point out that he had n't even looked happy to see them . 
 i doubted it would even slow them down . 
 they were a persuasive pair . 
 `` what 's with all this tabloid garbage i keep seeing ? '' 
 marnie asked , leveling a rather serious stare at me . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` mostly lies and just horrible people saying horrible things because it gets attention . 
 i 'm trying to ignore it . '' 
 judith gave me a baffled look . 
 `` i think it 's awesome . 
 it feels like we know a celebrity now . 
 i think it 's all so fun and exciting . 
 and he 's so beautiful . 
 there could be worse things . '' 
 she had a good point about the worse things , i thought . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i ca n't change it , so i 'm adjusting . '' 
 `` so he does n't have a longtime girlfriend ? '' 
 marnie asked . 
 `` i read somewhere that he was dating some gorgeous heiress , for like , the last eight years . '' 
 talk about a mood killing change of topic . 
 i sighed . 
 `` he tells me she 's just a friend . 
 i guess the question is , do i believe him ? 
 i 'm working it out . 
 trusting him is not my first instinct , but that does n't really have anything to do with him . '' 
 judith gestured at my jewelry . 
 `` and all this gorgeous bling . 
 i vote trust him . '' 
 i laughed . 
 they were starting to remind me of a half-drunk version of good cop , bad cop . 
 marnie patted my shoulder . 
 `` be careful , bianca . 
 that man looks like he could break hearts for fun , yanno ? '' 
 judith pretended to fan herself . 
 `` but what fun , right ? '' 
 i could n't argue with any of it . 
 it was nothing that i had n't thought myself . 
 there was a group of women huddled close , a few people ahead of us . 
 they were whispering and rudely pointing me out . 
 i did n't know any of them , but they were most likely other flight attendants that i 'd never worked with . 
 i guessed that they 'd read something dreadful about me . 
 i ignored them . 
 it was something i was going to have to get used to . 
 it was all part of the media circus that surrounded james 's life . 
 and i had apparently decided not to give up on the man , despite my better judgement . 
 he still wanted me , and he was a hard man to ignore when he was in hot pursuit . 
 the group burst into laughter . 
 even their laughter sounded catty , so i knew they were saying something awful . 
 i forced my mind to focus on something else , a longtime habit i 'd used for avoiding unpleasant things that could n't be changed . 
 we eventually made it through the line and got in and out of the bathroom without incident . 
 the group of mean girls had had judith and marnie about ready to brawl . 
 they 'd gotten progressively louder , emphasizing words like ` whore ' and ` gold-digger ' , as they shot me strangely malevolent glances . 
 whatever they 'd read about me , i could n't understand how it would affect them , or why they would care enough to be openly hostile to a stranger . 
 it was beyond me , so i did n't linger on the musings long . 
 chapter six my back stiffened as we approached our group again . 
 james was standing near stephan and javier , and they were laughing at something . 
 but he was n't alone . 
 melissa was practically plastered to his side , laughing along with them . 
 `` you notice that bitch did n't say boo until we left . 
 then she swooped in like a vulture , '' marnie was saying under her breath . 
 `` i do n't like her . 
 she talks a lot of shit about people for doing less messed-up shit than she does on a regular basis , '' judith added . 
 i tried to follow all of the shits in that sentence . 
 i gave up as we got close enough for me to see the way melissa 's hands were sneaking in little touches all over james . 
 she touched his arm , patted his back , reached way way up and squeezed his shoulder . 
 and then ran her hand along his chest and stomach on it 's way back down . 
 james took a little step back , avoiding her touch , but i still saw red . 
 red as in crimson . 
 crimson as in blood . 
 blood as in i was going to make the bitch bleed . 
 i moved between the two of them in an odd haze of temper , plastering myself to his side and pushing her roughly out of the way with my body . 
 i ran my hand along the line of his chest and abdomen that she 'd touched , as though my touch could erase hers . 
 i heard the ice cubes in her drink clink against her glass as she was jostled by my sudden movement . 
 she gasped in outrage . 
 i ignored her , looking up at james . 
 `` why were you letting her touch you ? '' 
 i asked him quietly . 
 he looked surprised , and half-amused . 
 `` i thought she was a friend of yours . 
 i was trying not to be openly rude , but she was making it difficult . 
 you have a drink while you were gone ? 
 you were gone for thirty minutes . 
 now you 're acting a little ... differently . '' 
 `` you f ** king bitch . 
 you made me spill my drink on my dress , '' melissa was yelling behind me . 
 it was easy to ignore her , for some reason . 
 i ran my hands up and down james 's torso again , using my fingertips to trace each muscle . 
 he was unbelievably hard . 
 `` not one part of my body is this hard , '' i mused aloud . 
 `` careful , love . 
 you ca n't offer a starving man a feast and expect him not to take you up on it . '' 
 i stroked his chest again , pausing at one of his n ** ples . 
 `` i want to see your skin , '' i told him . 
 now i 'd done it . 
 i 'd gone and touched him , and it was worse than being drunk . 
 i could n't seem to focus on anything but touching more of him . 
 `` fucking bitch ! '' 
 melissa said louder . 
 `` do you have any idea how much this dress is worth ? 
 it 's bcbg . 
 do you even know what that is , you skank ? '' 
 i saw james 's eyes widen just a second before he spun me around , putting his back to the crazy redhead . 
 i heard the sound of a drink being thrown , glass and all , against his rock-hard back . 
 it had been aimed at the back of my head , i realized , stunned . 
 she was such a crazy bitch ... `` fuck , '' james said , glaring over his shoulder at a still fuming melissa . 
 `` you need to get the f ** k out of here , or security will be escorting you out . 
 i think you 've embarrassed yourself enough tonight , do n't you ? '' 
 his tone was positively scathing . 
 melissa cursed fluently as she stormed away . 
 our group erupted into chatter as she walked away . 
 the general consensus was , ` bitch is crazy ' . 
 `` bitch be cray cray , '' murphy summed it up , as only murphy could . 
 everyone laughed , breaking the last bit of tension . 
 i looked up at james , pursing my lips . 
 `` that was gentlemanly of you , taking the shot for me , '' i told him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he shook out his shirt , ice cubes still flying off of his back . 
 i checked his back . 
 his shirt was soaked . 
 even his jeans were soaked . 
 i was relieved to find , though , that the glass had broken on the ground , leaving him unscathed . 
 a waitress showed up with a bucket and mop and began to clean up the liquid and broken glass . 
 we moved out of her way . 
 `` it looks like you 're going to have to take off all of your clothes , '' i told him with a smile . 
 he smiled back , but his smile was all heat . 
 `` i have a change of clothes in the car . 
 come with me ? '' 
 i leaned in closer to him , inhaling deeply . 
 he smelled so good that i felt my eyelids drift closed with the pleasure of his scent . 
 it was so good that i wanted to put a name to it , and bottle it up . 
 `` convince me , '' i told him softly , as i forced my eyes back open to look at him . 
 he glanced around , running his tongue over those sexy as hell teeth . 
 `` okay . 
 did you have something particular in mind , or do i get to pick how ? 
 i 'm trying to play nice here , since i do n't want to scare you off again . 
 you 're not making it easy , though . '' 
 `` your shirt 's all wet . 
 i want you to take it off . 
 i want to see your skin . '' 
 he gave me an appraising look . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 all i have to do to get you to my car is to take my shirt off ? '' 
 he was whipping it off before he 'd even finished his question . 
 hoots and whistles were starting up around the lounge as people took in the spectacular sight of his nak * d torso . 
 i gasped at the sight of all of his bare skin . 
 he had definitely bulked up in the month we 'd been apart , his already impressive chest swollen attractively . 
 it was distracting , to say the least . 
 `` you 've been lifting more weights , '' i observed . 
 his smile was a little pained . 
 `` i needed a little more physical activity to adjust to the whole celibacy thing . 
 i usually work out for two hours in the morning . 
 i added two more in the evening , as well , as a sort of ... sleep aid . '' 
 i felt a strange stirring of guilt , and a not so strange thrill of joy at his mention of celibacy . 
 i opened my mouth to say ... something , but i could n't seem to hold a thought , with all of his bare skin in front of me . 
 my captivated gaze moved lower . 
 his jeans dipped low . 
 i traced the skin just above his jeans . 
 it was dangerous territory , dipping into a sharply defined v . 
 an impressive and growing arousal was making his jeans more obscene by the second . 
 he gripped my hand . 
 `` unless part of my convincing you was that you want to get f ** ked against the nearest wall , i 'd start walking , buttercup . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and started walking . 
 `` i need a new shirt , '' james called in stephan 's direction as we passed . 
 stephan gave him a wide-eyed look , but just nodded . 
 `` we 'll be back . '' 
 `` i want to have his babies , '' someone muttered as we passed . 
 i sent a glare in their general direction . 
 i could n't get real mad about it , though . 
 i had made him bare the finest chest in the world to a room full of hungry flight attendants ... and if anyone got a glance at his jeans , it certainly would n't lessen their interest . 
 clark met us at the entrance of the club , holding the door open , face impassive . 
 `` nice catch , sir , '' he said quietly . 
 i smiled at him , knowing he was referring to james moving to protect me from the thrown drink . 
 `` any paparazzi in the parking lot ? '' 
 james asked brusquely . 
 `` max just did a sweep . 
 looks clean so far , mr. cavendish . '' 
 james just nodded , almost dragging me through the small back parking lot . 
 clark managed to get in front of us again to open the car door . 
 `` your suitcase is already in there , and open . '' 
 james nodded . 
 `` very good , '' he said , ushering me into the car first . 
 i sat down , then scooted across the seat to make room for james . 
 he crowded in behind me without a pause , the door shutting behind him . 
 i heard him take a few ragged breaths , and then he was on me . 
 he had me on my back between one breath and the next . 
 he opened my legs wide , crawling between them . 
 he unbuttoned his jeans , pulling his stiff erection out with a harsh groan . 
 `` i wanted to take my time with you , when i finally got my hands on you again , but i ca n't wait . 
 unbutton your blouse . 
 i want to tear it too badly to touch it . '' 
 as he spoke , he was inching my skirt up over my hips . 
 it was a little stretchy , luckily . 
 i thought that he would n't have hesitated to tear it if it was n't . 
 my panties were n't so lucky . 
 he gripped the lace in his hands and ripped both sides . 
 i wriggled my lower half while working on the small buttons of my blouse . 
 when i had released the last one , he was pushing my shirt open impatiently . 
 his hands were already on the front clasp of my bra when what he saw made him freeze . 
 my torso was still dotted with the last vestiges of what had been some truly heinous bruising . 
 i saw his hands shake a little as he unclasped my bra . 
 he brushed along the fading marks with just his fingertips . 
 `` over a month later , and it still looks like this ? '' 
 his voice was deep with agitation . 
 i turned my face away . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . 
 i 've talked about it enough . '' 
 he gripped my chin , turning my face back to him . 
 his eyes were wild . 
 `` i could n't stand it if something were to happen to you . 
 do you understand that ? 
 i 've never felt so powerless or terrified in my life as i did when i watched that ambulance driving away with you , having no clue what had happened , or even if you were alright . 
 and then to find out that some monster had put his hands on you ? 
 i want to kill him . 
 i need to protect you . '' 
 i just set my mouth in a hard line . 
 `` that 's not what i want from you . 
 and i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 he was kissing me suddenly . 
 it was an angry , passionate kiss . 
 i kissed him back with just as much passion . 
 just as much anger . 
 he was thrusting into me so fast that i was filled before i knew his intent . 
 i was wet and ready but i was so tight and he was so big that it still caused a delicious friction that bordered on pain . 
 i gasped , my head falling back , my eyes closing . 
 he gripped my chin , hard . 
 `` look at me , '' he ordered . 
 i did , watching the fervor in his eyes with a wistful pain that i felt deep in my chest . 
 i would have given anything to have him feel the way he looked at me when he was deep inside of me . 
 he looked at me like i was more dear than his next breath at times , and it was almost more than i could bear . 
 his hair trailed over his face and into mine as he leaned his face close . 
 he held my wrists above my head , using his hands as shackles . 
 he moved my wrists into one hand , the other moving to my jeweled collar , tugging at the ring roughly . 
 his thrusts never let up or slowed . 
 `` you 're mine , bianca . 
 say it . '' 
 my words came out as a rough gasp . 
 `` i 'm yours , james . '' 
 `` come , '' he ordered , thrusting so fast and hard that i sobbed as i came . 
 he groaned my name again and again as he poured into me . 
 afterwards , he braced himself carefully on his elbows , protecting my still tender chest and ribs . 
 he grabbed a clean t-shirt from his open suitcase to wipe me , and then himself . 
 i lay and watched him almost lazily as he changed into a new pair of boxer briefs , jeans , and a soft light gray v-neck shirt . 
 he crouched beside me once he 'd changed , straightening my clothes almost tenderly . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 he asked as he buttoned my shirt . 
 `` mmm , no , '' i said . 
 anything that could be considered pain certainly had n't bothered me at the time . 
 `` not even your ribs ? '' 
 he smoothed my shirt as he finished with the buttons . 
 i took a deep breath , but no , there was still no pain . 
 `` no , not at all . 
 they finally are n't bothering me so much . 
 breathing was a little rough there for awhile . '' 
 his mouth tightened as he smoothed my skirt back down . 
 `` we do n't have to do any of the rough stuff , if you do n't want . 
 i do n't just mean while you 're healing . 
 i could give that stuff up completely , if it is n't what you want anymore . '' 
 `` i still want it . 
 nothing 's changed in that regard . 
 what he did ... and what you do , i do n't see them as the same thing . 
 i ca n't explain it , but the one helps me cope with the other . 
 can we not talk about this anymore ? '' 
 he smoothed my hair back from my face , kissing my forehead . 
 `` we need to talk more , not less . 
 about a lot of things . 
 if you would just let me talk to you , we could get things settled between us . 
 i ca n't stand this constant uncertainty where you 're concerned . '' 
 i sat up , feeling a need for some distance . 
 `` let 's make a deal . 
 how about we not talk . 
 i 'll go home with you tonight . 
 i 'll stay at your place . 
 we can do anything you want . 
 you can f ** k my brains out all night . '' 
 my voice was getting embarrassingly thick , even a hint of accent was coming out . 
 `` but i do n't want to talk about the attack , not any part of it . 
 and i do n't want to talk about our relationship , or lack of one . '' 
 his jaw clenched , but i saw almost immediately that he would n't turn me down . 
 `` do we have to go back to the party first ? '' 
 he finally asked , his mood clearly darker . 
 `` yes , '' i said firmly . 
 chapter seven we walked back into the building without another word . 
 james gripped my elbow in a proprietary manner . 
 we re-joined my group of friends . 
 a few people gave us good natured smirks for our absence , but no one said anything about it . 
 james was quiet and withdrawn . 
 i had a hard time enjoying myself when i knew i had put him into his sudden dark mood . 
 he was barely even touching me . 
 it was n't until damien engaged me in conversation that he became suddenly affectionate . 
 damien was asking me if i had any plans for the next new york layover when i felt james press against my back , wrapping his arms around me very carefully , just under my br ** sts . 
 contrary man , i thought darkly , as he buried his face in my neck . 
 `` um , no , i do n't think so . '' 
 i tried to answer damien , distracted by the mercurial man at my back . 
 he 'd pressed his groin against me , and i had no doubts as to what he was thinking about . 
 james raised his head at my answer . 
 `` i have an event i 'd like you to attend with me , if you 're up for it . 
 it 's a formal affair , for charity . '' 
 i stiffened , bewildered by the offer . 
 it was an about-face for him , asking me to something so public . 
 we had established from the start that we were n't going to date . 
 it was n't what either of us had wanted from each other . 
 i had quickly found myself hurt by the arrangement , but i had n't known he 'd changed his stance on any of it . 
 when had it changed and why ? 
 or was this just a stunt to show his ownership to damien ? 
 `` um , i do n't have anything to wear to something like that , '' i said , naming off the first excuse that came into my head . 
 his hands started moving along my stomach , stroking . 
 he grabbed my hips , holding me still as he straightened behind me . 
 the motion brought his erection more flush against my butt , and i had to stifle a gasp . 
 i did n't want anyone to see just what he was doing . 
 i tried my best to look normal , but had no idea if i succeeded . 
 `` i 've had my dresser select a wardrobe for you , to keep at my place , '' he said in a perfectly casual tone . 
 `` and she 'll be there friday morning to help you either select something from the wardrobe , or find something else . 
 she 'll have a sampling from several designers for you to try on . '' 
 i blinked , not sure what to think of that . 
 `` you should n't - '' `` it 's only fair , if i want you to attend a bunch of stuffy affairs with me , that i provide the clothes you 'll need to wear to them . 
 and besides , we 've already discussed the gift thing exhaustively . 
 if i recall , that was one of the concessions that you actually agreed to . '' 
 he was moving against me as he spoke . 
 it was hard to hold on to a thought when he did that . 
 `` when did you do all that ? 
 the wardrobe thing ? '' 
 i asked , baffled . 
 `` weeks ago , when i realized that i was just going to have to get used to the idea that i could n't shelter you from the paparazzi , so i might as well show you off . '' 
 i just blinked . 
 damien was looking between us , studying james . 
 i had almost forgotten , for a few minutes , that he was even there . 
 james had that effect on me . 
 `` you 'll come with me , wo n't you ? '' 
 james murmured in my ear . 
 he wrapped his arms around my shoulders , his arms moving slowly , rubbing against my n ** ples . 
 there was no way that he was n't aware he was touching them . 
 they were hard little pebbles that he had to feel through the material of my thin shirt and lacy bra . 
 `` i , um , i do n't know . 
 the invitation is unexpected , as i 'm sure you know . 
 i 've never been to anything like that . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to it . 
 we just get dressed up and walk around , mingling . 
 i wo n't leave your side , if you 're nervous . 
 i just want your company . '' 
 damien walked away , likely feeling ignored . 
 he made his way to murphy , who was telling a story loud enough for the entire room to hear . 
 i pitched my voice low , speaking over my shoulder . 
 `` i thought we were n't doing any of that . 
 you said from the beginning that we were n't dating . '' 
 `` i 'd talk to you about it , but i 'm not allowed to talk tonight , remember ? '' 
 his deep voice was a rumble against my ear . 
 i saw his game . 
 he wanted to get me curious enough to take back my own words . 
 i would n't do it , though , even if my curiosity was eating at me . 
 i poked an elbow behind me . 
 `` fine then , let 's not talk about any events either , while we 're at it . 
 that raises too many questions about our relationship . '' 
 he made a displeased little hum behind me that i could feel rumble through me . 
 he did n't speak for several minutes . 
 i had to bite my tongue to keep from asking him questions . 
 finally he broke his silence . 
 `` do you like horses ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` horses ? '' 
 i asked , baffled . 
 `` yes , horses . 
 do you like them ? '' 
 i thought about it . 
 more about why he was asking then what he was asking . 
 finally , i just focused on the question . 
 `` yes , i like horses . 
 does n't everyone ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` have you ridden ? '' 
 i flushed . 
 `` once . 
 it was just a two-hour guided tour , up in the mountains , so i 'm not even sure it counts , but i loved it . '' 
 `` do you think you feel well enough to try riding now ? 
 or do you need to heal up more ? '' 
 i cast him a suspicious glance . 
 `` do you have horses in town ? '' 
 i had n't noticed any stables at his property , but i also had n't exactly gotten a proper tour . 
 `` i do . 
 i need to show you the entire property sometime , including the stables . 
 they 're set away from the house . 
 but that is n't what i had in mind . 
 you said i could do whatever i wanted with you . 
 you did n't give me any restrictions , including staying in town . 
 i would take you to the beach , to relax , but i find that lately i absolutely despise the beach . '' 
 i raised my brows at him . 
 `` you do n't like the beach ? '' 
 i asked him , baffled . 
 he set his jaw and looked across the room with a steely glare . 
 i followed his eyes . 
 he was staring at damien as though he wanted to do the man bodily harm . 
 `` currently , just the thought of the beach makes me want to do violence , '' he said , his tone quiet but ominous . 
 `` so i have another idea , if you 're up to try some riding . '' 
 i studied him , trying to follow his odd thought patterns . 
 `` where did you want to take me ? '' 
 he turned that steely glare on me . 
 `` you said i could do anything with you tonight . 
 and you did not say i had to tell you what or where . 
 all i want to know is , do you think you can ride a horse ? '' 
 i glared back . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i feel okay . 
 if i did n't do anything too crazy , and it was a calm horse , i suppose i could . '' 
 he nodded decisively . 
 `` okay , we 'll take it easy . 
 let me make some phone calls . '' 
 i watched him walk outside , a little stunned by the sudden turn of events . 
 he always seemed to do that , turn everything around until i was dizzy and panting and giving into his whims without a protest . 
 it was infuriating , and exhilarating . 
 i had thought my life was content and full before i met him . 
 i had thought that excitement was the last thing that i wanted for myself . 
 and the thought of falling in love had been anathema to me . 
 how could meeting one person make everything change so suddenly ? 
 i wondered , not for the first time . 
 i did n't know where he was planning to take me , but it did n't matter . 
 i would go . 
 my self-control became an elusive quality when i got into james 's orbit . 
 i approached stephan , listening to the long-winded story murphy was into before i was noticed . 
 he was walking everyone through the horror of waking up with two women and a new tattoo with one of their names on it . 
 only he had n't remembered either of their names , just that one of them was lola , since it was written in big black letters on his chest . 
 i blinked at the ridiculous story . 
 surprisingly , i had n't heard it before , though i had seen the tattoo when he was lounging by the pool . 
 i listened , as interested as everyone else to find out which woman the tattoo was for , and why . 
 `` turns out , it was another woman i 'd met earlier that night . 
 she 'd left in a jealous rage after the tattoo , when i started talking to the two i woke up with . 
 i was just being friendly , i 'm sure ! '' 
 his defensive stance about two women he 'd woken up in bed with made everyone laugh . 
 he was still genuinely offended by the woman who 'd inspired his tattoo and never spoken to him again . 
 four other pilots had joined the group . 
 i recognized them only vaguely . 
 they were part of the younger generation of pilots , and i knew they were friends with damien and murphy , but i could n't recall any of their names . 
 `` he calls her the one that got away every time he gets really trashed , '' damien said in an amused voice , making me start . 
 he was just behind me . 
 i turned to give him a slight smile . 
 his voice was pitched loud enough for the large group to hear , but he seemed to be speaking to me . 
 `` he does n't even remember her , but he says he trusts even his drunk judgement enough that , if she inspired a tattoo in one night , she must have been ` the one . ' 
 every time he goes on a rant about how he hates being single , he blames lola 's damned temper . '' 
 i looked at murphy , laughing . 
 he had a sheepish , good natured-grin on his face . 
 it sounded like something he 'd say , and he did n't deny it . 
 `` where was this ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` melbourne , australia . 
 i bet she had a sexy accent , '' murphy said in a dejected tone . 
 `` we all know how much you love sexy australian accents , '' one of the pilots added , sending everyone into new peals of laughter . 
 `` hey , now . '' 
 damien said , raising his hands . 
 `` do n't drag me into this . 
 i 've been with murphy for years , and he has yet to get a tattoo for me on any part of his body , sexy accent or no . '' 
 `` now we know for sure he 's never slept with you , '' marnie interjected . 
 `` if he had , there would be a damien tattoo somewhere on his body , i can attest . 
 one night , and i had to check the urge not to brand you on my ass . '' 
 loud hoots and hollers followed her brazen announcement , murphy laughing the loudest . 
 his laugh was particularly infectious . 
 i had to give damien a second look . 
 i 'd have sworn he was blushing . 
 `` do n't think i have n't tried , '' murphy gasped out , still laughing . 
 `` he 's just about the prettiest man i know . 
 prettier than at least half the women i 've been with . 
 but i ca n't even get a cuddle when he 's drunk . '' 
 our laughter was loud enough that even in the boisterous bar , most of the people were staring our way . 
 that was about the time james strode back inside . 
 i was standing closest to damien , though we were still a good two feet apart . 
 and i could n't stop laughing , even seeing the storm that immediately overtook his lovely features at the sight of us standing near each other again . 
 i knew that he had a problem with damien . 
 he seemed to think there was something between us . 
 i just did n't understand why . 
 i 'd known damien for years before i 'd met james . 
 if we had shared a real interest in each other , obviously something would have happened by now . 
 i understood damien 's appeal , but he just did n't do it for me . 
 i had more ... exotic tastes . 
 i thought that all should have been very obvious to james , so it was hard to humor his strange dislike for one of my good friends . 
 james strode to me , looking much too fine even in a pique . 
 i marveled , as i did much too often , at how beautiful he was . 
 his longish , sandy brown hair fell artfully out of his face as he walked . 
 the chiseled muscles of his arms and upper body were clearly defined by his thin shirt . 
 his clenched jawline was perfection . 
 his mouth was almost bow shaped but held too firm of an edge to be pouty , though it sure was pretty . 
 his arched eyebrows and thick lashes were a shade darker than his hair , drawing attention to his vivid turquoise eyes . 
 his nose was straight and flared appealingly at the tip , sitting just right in his unrivaled face . 
 he was simply beautiful . 
 he was in no way feminine , but the word handsome just could n't do those refined looks justice . 
 he was long and lean , but in tight fitting clothing , it was clear that he was well muscled , rather than thin . 
 he 's perfection , i thought absently . 
 what is he doing with me ? 
 was always my follow up question . 
 he moved in close beside me , but did n't touch me . 
 `` looks like i missed all the fun , '' he said quietly to me , his voice strangely empty . 
 my smile began to fade . 
 `` the arrangements have been made , '' he said shortly . 
 `` you 're all mine , whenever we finish up here . '' 
 `` what about you two ? 
 you look like you 're hot enough about each other to break out the ink . 
 when are you going to tattoo your names on each other ? '' 
 marnie called out to james and i , smiling and wiggling her eyebrows suggestively . 
 i sent him a sidelong smile . 
 he gave me the tiniest smile in return . 
 `` it would be a waste to mar her perfect skin just for a little ink , '' james said . 
 `` but i would happily get a bianca tattoo , if that 's what she wants . '' 
 i arched a brow at him as the crowd erupted , shouting encouragement for the folly . 
 i 'd seen james 's body . 
 he did n't have one tattoo , so he was just messing with them , of course . 
 `` you would n't return the favor , bianca ? '' 
 judith called out , sounding aghast . 
 i shrugged , giving james a narrow-eyed glare . 
 `` i guess if he got a tattoo for me , i 'd let him pierce my n ** ples , '' i said more to him than the crowd . 
 but the crowd absolutely roared at the joke . 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth in that mouthwatering way of his . 
 he held out a hand to me , as though to shake . 
 `` you have a deal , love . 
 please , shake on it . 
 nothing would please me more . '' 
 someone sounded like they choked on their drink just behind me . 
 i heard stephan shouting something along the lines of , `` what the fuck , buttercup ? '' 
 i looked at his hand , wondering why he had to take the joke so far . 
 but i shook his hand without giving it much thought , just going along with his over the top antics . 
 one of murphy 's favorite lines about telling jokes came to mind , for some reason . 
 always go with the bit , he liked to say . 
 ca n't deny the bit . 
 `` you first , though . 
 i want to see that ink before i pierce anything , '' i said , making sure i had insurance , just in case he really had gone crazy . 
 he smiled , and it was positively wicked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and i want to see those piercings , bee ! '' 
 someone called out . 
 i could n't even tell who it was . 
 `` we want to see , as proof that you both held up your end of the bargain ! '' 
 i recognized judith 's voice that time . 
 `` you should put her name on your cock , in that case ! '' 
 marnie called out . 
 she got enough of a shocked response to call out , `` too far ? 
 was that one too far ? '' 
 james threw an arm around my shoulder , anchoring me close against his side . 
 `` no one gets to see her piercings , but i 'll show the tattoo . 
 bianca can even pick which part of my body she wants to mark . '' 
 the joke had gone on long enough . 
 i pulled back to give him a stern look , opening my mouth to speak . 
 he pressed his hot mouth against mine before i could get a word out . 
 he kissed me , a hot , not fit for public , kind of kiss . 
 his tongue swept deep into my mouth , just begging me to suck it . 
 i pushed against his chest at first , having every intention of avoiding his need for pda . 
 his hand fisted in my hair , the other hand going to my lower back to press me firmly against him . 
 i struggled for only a moment before i was lost , softening against him , sucking at his tongue like my life depended on it . 
 my hands fisted helplessly in his shirt , my wrists aching for the feel of the restraining pressure that i craved . 
 i forgot about my friends , forgot about the joke he 'd taken too far . 
 he could have taken me there , against the wall , if he 'd wanted to . 
 that was his power over me . 
 he was the one to pull back , smiling . 
 he looked over my head , and i knew he was grinning at damien , a cold , triumphant grin . 
 `` if you do n't pick a spot , i might just have to take the only other suggestion i heard , something about your name on my cock . '' 
 he spoke loudly enough to get some hoots and hollers from the crowd . 
 i could n't even form the words to respond . 
 he took one of my fisted hands , spreading it flat over his heart . 
 `` or how about right there , love ? '' 
 he whispered to me . 
 i licked my lips , opening my mouth to speak . 
 i knew i should say ... something , but my mind had just gone off into space . 
 off into , thinking about the things he could do to me , territory . 
 he laughed , clearly enjoying the state he 'd put me in . 
 he was smug and gloating as he stroked a hand over my hair . 
 i could n't bring myself to care . 
 i was soon to be at his mercy for the night . 
 the thought was all-consuming . 
 i was excited , and aroused , and scared . 
 was it too soon , since my injuries ? 
 would i bring back some of the shadow pains that had so recently faded ? 
 would he take it easy on me , or push me hard ? 
 i wanted to know the answers more than i feared the pain . 
 one thing i knew for certain . 
 he was going to f ** k me mindless , and i could barely stand the wait . 
 chapter eight `` are you ready to leave yet ? '' 
 james murmured to me a few minutes later . 
 we 'd grown silent as the group moved on to another topic . 
 james was stroking me lightly , touching me everywhere , falling just short of indecency . 
 he would touch my collarbone , but stop just short of my br ** sts . 
 one hand lingered at my hipbone , dangerously close to dipping low enough to be obscene . 
 i was getting more and more lost in his touch , losing all sense of what was appropriate , and losing sight of all of the reasons that i 'd ever had any reservations about him at all . 
 this was the reason i had tried to keep my distance from him , but also the reason that i could n't . 
 i simply could n't resist him . 
 i had held out for a time , but if i was honest , it had only been a countdown to my capitulation . 
 i did n't answer him , and he took it as a challenge . 
 he kissed me again , holding nothing back this time . 
 he was gripping my hair almost to the point of pain , his other hand grabbing my butt as he ground against me . 
 he was aroused and i moaned into his mouth , the sound barely registering in my lust fueled haze . 
 he pulled back , his breath ragged now . 
 `` you ready to leave now ? 
 i do n't find the idea of f ** king you against that wall behind you even slightly unpleasant . 
 exhibitionism has never been a problem for me . 
 is that something you 'd like to try ? '' 
 he ground against me with every word he spoke , and his voice was mocking , almost angry . 
 his words were barely registering , as my focus was on what he was doing . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 was all i managed to get out . 
 `` are you ready to leave now ? 
 or would you prefer that i f ** k you in front of all of your co-workers ? '' 
 james bit out in a hard enough tone to finally bring my mind back to the surface . 
 `` no , '' i said , breathless and agitated . 
 how could i so quickly forget where i am , and that we 're in a room crowded with people that i know ? 
 `` no , you 're not ready to leave ? 
 or no , you would n't prefer that i f ** k you in a room crowded with your friends ? 
 where they can all watch me bury my c * ck inside of you against that wall , not ten feet behind you . 
 is that something you want them to see ? '' 
 i just stared at him for awhile , my mind moving like molasses . 
 he seemed to be getting angrier by the moment . 
 `` answer me . 
 do you want me to do that ? '' 
 he asked , each word biting and harsh . 
 `` no , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` no , '' i repeated , trying to make it sound convincing . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 he ground his teeth together . 
 `` i 'm aware of that . 
 go say goodbye to stephan , '' he ordered . 
 i stepped away from him , catching my breath for long moments . 
 i counted in my head as i made my way to stephan , trying to get my mind onto the matter at hand , and off of james . 
 stephan gave me a slightly worried look as i approached . 
 `` you okay , bee ? '' 
 he leaned near my ear as he spoke . 
 i just nodded , looking only at him . 
 `` james and i are leaving . 
 i 'm going home with him . 
 i 'll call you tomorrow , '' i told him . 
 he began to look around as i spoke , searching for james . 
 he met the other man 's stare as james approached . 
 james leaned in , saying something in his ear , pitched too low for even me to hear . 
 stephan nodded slowly , giving the other man a severe frown , but saying nothing . 
 james led me from the room by the hand , his own grip uncompromising . 
 we did n't speak to anyone else . 
 i was lucid enough to know i should be a little embarrassed at how far i 'd almost let james go in a room full of people . 
 james was close to dragging me by the time we got to his car . 
 he ushered me , rather forcefully , into the low limo the second clark opened the door . 
 he was a hard presence at my back as i moved across the seats . 
 he sat close to me , but made no move to touch me again . 
 i did n't mind , taking the reprieve to try to compose myself . 
 several minutes passed in silence , james staring out the window as though he was avoiding even the sight of me . 
 i could tell he was angry , but i could n't even begin to guess why . 
 `` so you 've done that before ? '' 
 i finally asked him quietly . 
 my mind had been stubbornly lingering on the idea in the long silence . 
 `` you 've had sex in front of other people before ? '' 
 he looked at me , his brow arched , his expression cold . 
 `` yes . 
 are we sharing information now ? 
 i thought that was strictly off-limits tonight . 
 your idea , if i recall . '' 
 my eyes narrowed on him . 
 `` do n't bring things up that you are n't willing to talk about , then . '' 
 his brows flew straight up at that . 
 `` is that a rule now ? 
 so you 're saying that if you bring up a subject , you have to answer my questions about it , as well ? 
 if you 'll agree to reciprocate , i 'll accept those terms . '' 
 i bit my lip , wondering how this was going to backfire on me . 
 i knew it would , eventually . 
 how badly did i want to know about his exhibitionist tendencies ? 
 badly . 
 `` fine . 
 tell me . '' 
 he pursed that pretty mouth . 
 `` tell you what , exactly ? 
 about hav ** g s * x in front of other people ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` is it something you 're interested in doing , or are you merely curious ? '' 
 my eyes widened in dawning horror . 
 had he thought i would want to do that in front of my co-workers , if i was thinking at all clearly ? 
 the thought was abhorrent . 
 `` merely curious , '' i said with a blush . 
 `` about you more than the practice . 
 i want to know what you did in front of other people , and with whom . '' 
 he spread his hands . 
 `` i 've done it several times . 
 there are ... events for people like us . 
 bdsm demonstrations . 
 i 've dominated , and spanked , and f ** ked several women at things like that . 
 in front of a few people or even crowds . 
 i never had a problem with it , though it was more a novelty than one of my actual preferences . 
 and i f ** ked a few women at some frat houses in college in front of crowds , a few times on a dare , if i recall . 
 i was n't exaggerating when i said i used to be a real slut . 
 i 've been more circumspect in recent years , but only in comparison to my past exploits , really . 
 anything else you want to know about it ? '' 
 his voice was tight with agitation by the end of his explanation , and his question was downright angry . 
 i felt sick to my stomach suddenly , the last vestiges of arousal leaving me completely . 
 `` and you 'd have no problem doing that to me , in front of a crowd ? '' 
 his jaw clenched hard , and he turned his head away . 
 he was silent for so long that i did n't think he was going to answer , though the answer was important to me . 
 `` i have a huge problem with it , '' he said finally . 
 `` that does n't mean i would n't do it . 
 even knowing how much i would have regretted it after , i still had a hard time stopping myself . 
 i felt like you wanted me to , and that made it so hard to stop . 
 i 'm starting to see that that 's not what you wanted . 
 still , i would have been furious with us both if it had gone that far . '' 
 `` why furious ? 
 you said yourself you 've done it several times . '' 
 he gave me an almost malevolent glare . 
 `` because you 're mine . 
 i do n't want other people to see you like that . 
 i do n't want to share you like that . 
 when i 've done it before , it 's been with women who were ... dispensable . 
 they were all dispensable , bianca . 
 i 'm not proud of that fact , but it is the truth . 
 even the few subs who i 've had under contract longterm were dispensable , in a way . 
 i never shared them , but i certainly did n't care if anyone saw me f ** king them . '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` you had subs under contract ? 
 longterm ? '' 
 i asked , feeling the sickness growing . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i did bring it up , did n't i ? 
 yes , i 've had a few subs under contract . 
 they were amenable , though only two were compatible for what could be considered longterm . 
 it can be a necessary arrangement , when you have a lot of money and your sexual proclivities are ... unusual . 
 i wanted no misunderstandings , and certainly none of them were strangers to the scene . '' 
 `` is that something you would try to do to me ? 
 the contract thing ? '' 
 i asked him , my voice smaller than i preferred . 
 he gave me a baffled , wild look . 
 i had a horrible thought . 
 i had n't wanted the arrangement , would certainly have turned it down , but what occurred to me next was even more appalling . 
 `` oh , '' i said , the sick knot in my stomach growing by the moment . 
 `` that 's a more longterm arrangement than what you had in mind for me , i take it . '' 
 i made my voice and face empty of emotion as i spoke , wanting to take the blow with some grace . 
 `` you would obviously want someone more experienced with the things you like , to fill a role like that . 
 well , that 's for the best . 
 i could n't make a commitment like that , anyways . '' 
 his head dropped forward , his hair covering his face . 
 i saw his fists clenching and unclenching . 
 he was silent for a time . 
 his voice was low but harsh with intensity when he spoke . 
 `` that is not the contract that i had in mind for you . 
 but which is it , bianca ? 
 are we talking about our relationship , or am i not allowed ? 
 because you keep saying the most infuriating things , and i 'm finding it increasingly difficult to bite my tongue . 
 so are we talking about our relationship tonight , or not ? 
 i 've wanted to explain myself to you for a long time , but you always run away before i can even begin . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 i suddenly wanted to know , quite desperately , what he would say if i encouraged this conversation . 
 but i lost my nerve , feeling terrified enough of what he might say to postpone it for another day . 
 `` not tonight , '' i said finally . 
 a chilly silence filled the car after that . 
 he did n't move , did n't speak , did n't touch . 
 i withdrew into my own thoughts , for a time . 
 we stayed that way until we pulled into the parking lot of las vegas 's private airport . 
 it was close to the main airport , but i 'd never actually been to it . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 i asked james . 
 he did n't look up . 
 `` you said i could do anything with you that i wanted . 
 i am . '' 
 i gave him an exasperated look that he did n't see . 
 `` i do n't have anything with me . 
 i have n't even packed a bag . 
 and it 's late . '' 
 `` i 've taken care of it . '' 
 `` it will be morning by the time we get anywhere . 
 i ca n't wear this outfit anywhere but a night club . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i said i 've taken care of it . '' 
 we had stopped by then , and clark was opening the door scant seconds later . 
 james got out in a flash , pulling me out as soon as i got within his reach . 
 he gripped my elbow firmly , guiding me into the small terminal . 
 `` we should be able to depart immediately , '' he said brusquely . 
 `` are you going to tell me where we 're going ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not to a beach . 
 i 'll tell you that much . '' 
 i nearly laughed . 
 `` what is your issue with beaches ? 
 everyone loves the beach . '' 
 i looked at him , smiling to draw him out of his mood . 
 his face darkened . 
 `` i 'm aware , '' he said , his tone scathing . 
 the beach was a topic off-limits , i noted . 
 i tucked away that little piece of information . 
 `` i need a change of clothes , '' i complained . 
 `` i 'm aware , '' he repeated . 
 `` you 're the moodiest person i 've ever met , '' i told him , my own tone dark now . 
 he squeezed my arm , hard . 
 `` you make me crazy . 
 if you would give me some clue what you were thinking or feeling , if you even feel anything for me , i think i could handle our situation with a little less volatility . '' 
 his words struck me silent , and we walked like that through the smaller airport . 
 we went through all of the motions , my mind reeling . 
 he wanted to know if i felt anything for him ? 
 it was a strange notion to me , one i could n't credit . 
 he 's worried about getting me to care for him ? 
 i mused . 
 i dismissed the thought after mulling it over . 
 i 'd had this type of interaction with men before . 
 it was n't that he cared . 
 it was that i came across just aloof enough that it made me a challenge . 
 james could n't have felt challenged to gain the affection of many women . 
 one night with him , and most probably professed undying love . 
 because , frankly , there was so much to l ove . 
 but i would n't humor him , not at the cost of what little pride i intended to retain at the end of our affair . 
 chapter nine we were boarding his jet in record time . 
 i 'd never been on a private jet before , and his was impressive . 
 i studied the beautifully designed interior , keeping my features schooled into passivity as the flight attendant greeted us warmly . 
 he led me directly to a seat , buckling me in without a word , his mouth tight . 
 we had n't spoken since his odd statement , and i did n't know what to say . 
 he sat beside me in an oversized leather chair , buckling himself in . 
 the seats made my airline 's first class seats look tiny in comparison . 
 `` the decor is lovely . 
 your decorators , as always , have exquisite taste , '' i told him . 
 the plane 's interior was done up in a muted red color with deep brown accents . 
 i would n't have even known it was a plane , if i 'd only seen the interior . 
 `` well , thank you . 
 i decorate most of it myself , '' he told me , flushing a little . 
 i was surprised . 
 `` that 's ... impressive . '' 
 he shrugged , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` i own hotels . 
 it always made sense to me , that i should have a hand in all of it , so i 've been making many of the decorating decisions since i was a teenager . 
 it goes without saying that i choose my own decor on my private properties . 
 i like things a particular way . '' 
 i flushed a little at that . 
 he was a control freak , was what he should have said . 
 strangely , that thought only ever turned me on . 
 `` do you enjoy interior design ? 
 or is it merely a necessary evil for you ? '' 
 he looked thoughtful . 
 `` i enjoy it . 
 if i 'm honest , i even enjoy shopping . 
 do you think less of me now ? '' 
 i gave him a tiny , teasing smile . 
 `` hardly . 
 i far prefer these revelations to ones about you being an exhibitionist . '' 
 he had begun to smile , and just like that , it died . 
 he grew broodingly silent again as the plane was prepped and we took off . 
 `` do you think you 'll be able to accept my past ? 
 or is it all just too sordid for you ? '' 
 he finally asked quietly . 
 his head was tilted back as he rested in his chair . 
 i blinked . 
 `` i suppose , as long as it is actually in the past , i could cope with it , if you 're always honest with me . '' 
 he nodded , looking relieved , but oddly sad . 
 `` i will be . 
 i have been . 
 i 've gone out of my way to tell you even the things i do n't want to , because you asked it of me . 
 you just need to give me some time to prove it to you . 
 to gain your trust . '' 
 i thought about that as he went silent again . 
 the flight attendant was attentive , asking us if we needed anything mere seconds after we reached ten thousand feet . 
 she was beautiful , i noticed . 
 her hair was long and black , hanging straight down her back and parted down the middle , her features stunning . 
 she had a slim but shapely figure . 
 her uniform was a plain black skirt with a fitted , almost too tight white dress shirt tucked in . 
 she wore four inch red stilettos that she worked like a pro . 
 i could n't have walked in those shoes to save my life . 
 i remembered james 's offer to hire me as his personal flight attendant . 
 was that how she had gotten the job ? 
 did i want to know ? 
 the masochistic side of me certainly did . 
 `` have you slept with helene ? '' 
 i asked james , my tone very nearly idle . 
 he studied me . 
 he hesitated , and i had my answer . 
 i looked out the window . 
 `` once , when she first hired on , '' he said slowly . 
 `` she offered rather blatantly , and i accepted . 
 we 've been nothing but professional in the years since . 
 are you upset ? '' 
 `` is she a submissive ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i heard his breath puff out in a frustrated sigh . 
 `` it 's almost as if you 're toying with me , hinting that you might be jealous . 
 i should n't hold my breath , huh ? 
 no , she is not . 
 we were n't compatible in that way . 
 i did n't even consider it . 
 as i said , it was years ago . 
 i was more promiscuous then . 
 she was beautiful and amenable , and it was enough , at the time . '' 
 ick , ick , ick , i was thinking . 
 ouch , ouch , ouch , was what i was feeling . 
 `` it does n't seem very professional , sleeping with your employees like that , '' i said stiffly . 
 he covered my hand with his own . 
 `` it was n't . 
 i do n't do anything like that anymore , even before i met you . '' 
 `` will we be running into women you 've slept with everywhere we go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he squeezed my hand . 
 `` not everywhere , but occasionally , yes . 
 if it bothers you too much , i could let her go , or reassign her . 
 i hate to make you uncomfortable . '' 
 i looked to where the flight attendant worked in her tiny galley . 
 she had been nothing but professional and efficient . 
 `` does she hit on you anymore ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 i told her quite clearly after the first time that it would not be happening again . 
 she took it with grace . 
 she is a real professional . 
 but i will accommodate you , however you like . 
 i want you in my life , and i will make any concessions needed to see that happen . 
 do i need to let her go ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' i said , not looking at him . 
 if we were hav ** g s * x , he never would have allowed my looking away from him in such a way . 
 he never would have allowed the distance it gave me . 
 but , for whatever reason , he seemed to be giving me the control outside of the bedroom . 
 `` she seems to be good at her job . '' 
 `` she 's quite good . 
 and always available to fly at a moment 's notice . '' 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i asked him , changing the subject . 
 talking about and looking at the other woman was depressing me , for obvious reasons . 
 `` wyoming , '' he answered . 
 i blinked at him . 
 `` it 's a fairly short flight , but there 's a bed in the back , if you want to get a little sleep . 
 there 's also clothes and toiletries for you , '' james went on . 
 `` what 's in wyoming ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i have a horse ranch there . 
 it 's very secluded and peaceful . 
 i thought it might be a nice reprieve for us , for a day or two . '' 
 `` you do n't need to work ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` i 'm grooming a north american manager to take over some of my duties . 
 i have micro-managed my businesses for too long , i 'm recently realizing . 
 i have a man who i believe is capable , so he should certainly be able to handle things for a few days . 
 i need to be able to have a life outside of work . 
 for once , i actually want that . 
 so this will be a test for him . 
 when i want to take a few days , or even a few weeks off , i want to leave things in capable hands . '' 
 i had n't expected my casual question to elicit such an in-depth answer . 
 he always surprised me , and unwillingly , i felt some of my walls weakening . 
 `` i have to be back to work thursday night , '' i told him . 
 he smiled at me , his mood lightened . 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 i realized i was tired enough to sleep with a sudden yawn . 
 james saw , giving me a hooded look . 
 `` ready to go to bed ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are you tired ? '' 
 i asked him , about to tell him he did n't have to join me if he was n't . 
 his eyes seared me . 
 `` love , i 've been waiting for weeks to see you . 
 sleep is the last thing on my mind . '' 
 as he spoke , he unbuckled me , pulling me to my feet and leading me to the back of the plane , without further ado . 
 just before we reached the closed door at the back , he let go of my hand , reaching up to the ring on my choker , hooking a finger inside . 
 he did n't even glance back at me , but i felt a change in him . 
 he opened the door , pulling me into a surprisingly large bedroom . 
 he led me around the room , showing me where i could find the things i 'd need . 
 half of the clothes in the closet were women 's clothes . 
 dare i ask ? 
 `` will those fit me ? '' 
 `` i would hope so , '' he answered in an icy tone . 
 `` i had my shopper buy them for you , and she had all of your measurements . '' 
 the bathroom was tiny , but held the essential toiletries that i might need . 
 he was unbuttoning my blouse , his chest against my back , before we 'd finished the short tour . 
 he pulled it off my arms , unsnapping my front clasping bra with one swift motion . 
 he had my skirt unzipped and falling to my feet in a flash . 
 unexpectedly , he bit down between my neck and shoulder , right on the tendon , hard enough to make me jerk . 
 he sucked on the wound he 'd made , and i moaned . 
 `` leave the shoes on . 
 lie down on your back , and spread your legs , '' he ordered . 
 i obeyed . 
 he pulled restraints from under the mattress , fastening my wrists , and then my ankles . 
 i felt a sensual haze overtake me as i gazed at him . 
 i was spellbound as i watched him undress . 
 he shrugged out of his shirt in one smooth motion . 
 i held my breath as he undid the button and zipper of his pants , releasing his erection . 
 he pushed them to the floor , stepping out of them and immediately stepping up to the bed . 
 he studied me for long minutes , his intense eyes drinking me in , as though memorizing the sight . 
 `` i missed you , '' he said , his voice a harsh whisper , and i believed him . 
 he crawled onto the foot of the bed , burying his face between my legs before i saw his intent . 
 i gasped as he licked at me with long , perfect strokes . 
 he sucked at my clitoris and i whimpered . 
 he had me on the brink of orgasm in seconds , but pulled back suddenly , going back to slowly licking me . 
 `` james , please , '' i begged him . 
 i got no response , just the slowest lick along my core . 
 `` mr. cavendish , please , '' i tried again . 
 he moved up my body , licking and sucking at my naval . 
 he spent drawn-out minutes at my br ** sts , sucking hard on my n ** ples for endless minutes , kneading at my full br ** sts , until that alone had me close to the edge . 
 he stopped short there , as well . 
 i sobbed . 
 he left no part of my exposed body untouched , rubbing , pinching , sucking , biting . 
 it was the most exquisite torture . 
 his heavy arousal dragged along my body as he moved , and i tugged hard at my restraints , trying to get closer to that part of him . 
 i pulled so hard at them that my hands and feet began to go numb , but james never let up . 
 i tried begging again . 
 `` i beg you , mr. cavendish . '' 
 he ignored the words , never speaking , never letting up . 
 `` are you punishing me , mr. cavendish ? '' 
 i finally cried . 
 `` of course i am , '' he murmured against my skin , and there was steal in his voice . 
 `` i ca n't whip you . 
 this is the alternative . 
 do you prefer the whipping ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said without hesitation . 
 there was no comparison in my mind . 
 one liberated me , and the other made me feel desperate and exposed . 
 tears seeped down my cheeks as he relentlessly worked on my body . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked breathlessly . 
 he thrust two fingers into me suddenly , and my back bowed on a gasp . 
 his own breathing was harsh as he spoke , stroking me purposefully . 
 `` just to give you a taste . 
 i was desperate for you . 
 to comfort you , to tend to you . 
 hell , just to look at you . 
 but you withdrew from me completely , until i was pathetically grateful for just a text from you , and even that you withheld most of the time . 
 so i needed to give you at least a small taste of the wanting . '' 
 he worked his fingers along just the perfect spot as he spoke . 
 i was tensing with my approaching orgasm when he pulled his fingers out . 
 i screamed in frustration . 
 he kissed me . 
 it was a bruising kiss , and i tasted myself on his mouth . 
 he plundered my mouth as he positioned himself above me . 
 i began to whimper loudly as i felt his c * ck right at my entrance . 
 he teased , rubbing in circles there . 
 i tried to thrust up at him , but merely served to further strangle my ankles in the process . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry i did that , '' i told him finally . 
 `` you scare me . 
 the way i feel about you scares me , so i ran . '' 
 he thrust inside of me as i spoke . 
 i screamed . 
 he moaned . 
 he propped himself on his elbows , thrusting furiously , but holding my gaze with his own . 
 he tugged on the loop of diamonds on my collar as he thrust , and i felt the pull there , the connection that it symbolized . 
 `` nothing in my life has ever felt as perfect as being inside of you , '' he gasped out , cupping my face , his punishing pace never letting up . 
 `` come , love , '' he ordered . 
 i did . 
 `` james , '' i cried , and i watched his eyes as his own release took him . 
 the way he looked at me then made me want to cry with longing . 
 if i was foolish enough to believe that look , i 'd be lost forever . 
 chapter ten i was already on the edge of sleep when he undid my restraints . 
 i heard first a pained noise escape his throat , then a harsh string of cursing . 
 it brought me back from sleep enough to open my eyes . 
 he was studying the marks the ropes had left on my skin . 
 i could n't even feel the marks that were apparently bothering him , so i just closed my eyes , and drifted off . 
 he was sliding panties up my legs when i awoke . 
 he was already dressed in a fresh white t-shirt and jeans . 
 i felt surprisingly good as i sat up . 
 he 'd laid a t-shirt , jeans , and a bra for me on the bed . 
 `` you can pick something else , if you prefer . 
 there 's plenty to choose from in the closet , '' he told me , and strode from the room , closing the door with a loud click behind him . 
 i went into the small bathroom to change . 
 i freshened up in a hurry , pulling the jeans on , pleased to find that they actually fit . 
 they were the right size . 
 they were even long enough , which was rare . 
 they were diesel brand , which i 'd never worn , but i quickly became a fan . 
 they were bootcut and hugged my butt just perfectly , with a little bit of stretch in the material . 
 the dark wash was flattering . 
 i was impressed with his dresser 's success at picking out jeans for me , a task that usually made me want to gnash my teeth in frustration . 
 i shrugged into the white t-shirt . 
 it was soft and thin , with a small pocket right over my left breast . 
 it was much more tight than something i would have chosen for myself , but beggars could n't be choosers . 
 i fingered the lovely collar at my throat , clearly visible with the t-shirt 's neckline . 
 i noticed for the first time that my earrings from the night before were missing . 
 james must have removed them , and i had no idea where they were . 
 i made a note to ask him about it . 
 i saw that he 'd laid out navy running shoes for me by the door . 
 as i slid them on , i noted that they looked oddly familiar . 
 i was still staring at them as the door opened and a matching men 's pair of them came into view . 
 `` we have matching shoes ? '' 
 i asked him , and i could n't keep back a smirk . 
 he pulled me against him , rubbing my back and then my butt . 
 `` shoes and shirts , and the jeans are pretty damn close . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` is this a fetish of some kind ? 
 you like to match ? '' 
 he smoothed my hair back , tilting my face up as he began to braid it . 
 `` it was n't deliberate , exactly . 
 i just saw that you had things similar to mine , and unconsciously picked them out . 
 i kind of like it , though . 
 no one could doubt that we 're together when we 're dressed like this . '' 
 he finished braiding my hair , using a hair tie from his wrist to tie it off . 
 he fingered my thick metal collar , his eyes soft . 
 he surprised my by pulling a small box from his pocket . 
 it looked like a small ring box . 
 my breath caught , my mind going a little panicky at what it might contain . 
 i was almost relieved when he revealed the large , square cut , light blue gem stud earrings . 
 they were beautiful and unexpected , and i was stunned enough to let him put them on me without protest . 
 foolishly , i 'd had a horrifying moment where i thought he might be trying to give me a ring of some kind . 
 i was relieved but baffled that it was something else entirely . 
 `` it 's too much , james . 
 you do n't need to shower me with gifts . 
 it 's really not my thing . '' 
 he touched my ear lightly . 
 `` no , it 's not your thing . 
 it 's my thing , so humor me . 
 and they match your eyes . 
 i knew they would . '' 
 `` what happened to the other ones ? 
 the ones i wore last night ? 
 i hope i did n't lose them . '' 
 he just smiled at me . 
 `` you did n't . 
 i packed them . 
 when will you learn that i 'm a man who thinks of everything ? '' 
 i sighed at his description of himself , oddly resentful at the aptness of it . 
 he kissed my forehead , grabbing my hand and leading me from the plane . 
 helene nodded at us as we left , calling out a polite good-day . 
 i nodded back , uncomfortable but civil . 
 we emerged into a landscape of rolling green hills , surrounding a tiny landing strip that i doubted anyone could call an airport . 
 it was an instant , pleasant change from vegas . 
 `` how pretty , '' i said , as he led me to a sleek silver convertible sports car . 
 two black suv 's were parked behind it , and i saw clark getting behind the wheel of one of them . 
 the convertible 's leather seats were a bright blue that contrasted with the gunmetal color of the car . 
 the emblem was a crown , and i had no idea what brand it was , but i knew nothing about cars , so i should n't have been surprised . 
 it was a given that the brand was out of my price range . 
 he opened the passenger side for me , handing me in , and even buckling my seat belt . 
 i gave him a wry look as he did so . 
 `` i could never pass up an opportunity to restrain you , '' he said softly , as he ran his hand along the belt . 
 he got into the driver 's seat , reaching into the glove box and taking out two pairs of sunglasses . 
 i took my pair , thanking him . 
 `` you thought of everything , '' i said , reaffirming his own words from a few minutes ago . 
 his right hand , which had been gripping my knee , went to my wrist . 
 the marks there were harsh and red , the skin raw in places . 
 `` not everything , apparently . 
 this went too far . '' 
 he started the car , signaling the suv 's . 
 clark 's car went in front of us , the other falling into place behind . 
 clark sped ahead in a hurry . 
 he had to be speeding as he drove almost out of our sight on the two lane highway . 
 i watched the lovely rolling hills pass us as james handled the sports car , as he did all things , with consummate skill . 
 the rolling hills quickly turned into pine covered foothills and plateaus . 
 it was a lovely , pleasant drive . 
 even the weather was perfect . 
 we had been transported from the desert and into a green haven . 
 james kept his hand on my thigh , rubbing and squeezing as he drove , only lifting it to shift when necessary . 
 i shifted slightly in my seat , already a little sore from our activities of the night before . 
 james noticed immediately . 
 `` you sore ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 he had to raise his voice a little to be heard above the sound of the car and the wind . 
 i gave a little shrug . 
 `` nothing that i mind , '' i answered . 
 `` certainly nothing that would make me want to keep from doing it again . '' 
 `` how about a half a dozen times ? '' 
 he asked me with a warm smile , his eyes hidden behind dark shades . 
 i could n't keep from responding with my own soft smile . 
 less than twenty-four hours with him , and he already had me wrapped around his little finger again . 
 it was hard to stay away from him , even while he was driving . 
 a rather obtrusive console separated us . 
 i slid my hand over to his waist , pressing my hand over the bulge in his jeans . 
 his hand covered my own and he shot me a rather surprised look . 
 i checked the suvs escorting us . 
 they both seemed safely out of sight for the moment . 
 i fumbled with the button on his jeans , finally unbuckling to use both hands . 
 i uncovered his growing erection , and he sucked in a breath as the air hit him . 
 i arranged myself over the console , taking him into my mouth before he could protest . 
 the console dug into my ribs a little painfully , but it was n't enough pain to stop me . 
 his hand gripped my hair roughly . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 his curse was low and hoarse . 
 `` that 's not safe , bianca , '' he said , but he did n't stop me . 
 i lifted my head briefly to say , `` so come fast , and we 'll be out of danger quickly . '' 
 i took him back into my mouth , stroking his base hard with both hands . 
 his grip on my hair grew painful as i bobbed my mouth up and down on his c * ck relentlessly . 
 he was coming in my mouth in under two minutes . 
 i had n't even known he was capable of coming so fast . 
 he cursed and moaned as i swallowed his hot cum . 
 `` fuck , fuck , fuck . 
 bianca , you 're too much . 
 i almost went off the road . 
 my vision got way too fuzzy there . '' 
 i sat up , buckling in . 
 i smiled at him , a wicked smile , my lids heavy but hidden . 
 he stared , mesmerized . 
 `` you 're going to be the death of me , are n't you ? '' 
 we were on the highway for just over an hour before james began to slow down , seemingly in the middle of nowhere . 
 clark had turned off of the road in front of us , i saw . 
 james followed him , turning onto a well-paved but small road . 
 we passed through heavy gates almost immediately after turning off of the main road . 
 it was set up so that you could n't even use the road to turn your car around without the gate open . 
 we were on the small road a good twenty minutes , passing through rolling hills , then a forest of oaks , then between twin plateaus . 
 the grassy hills were dotted with pine trees here . 
 it was a mercurial , changing landscape . 
 land just like the man who owned it all . 
 `` almost there , '' james said , his hand on my knee . 
 i saw the sprawled-out buildings minutes before we reached the ranch . 
 it seemed almost unreal , this secluded compound in the middle of nowhere . 
 james pulled directly up to the main building . 
 all of the buildings matched , built in an elegant dark brown wood in a modern log cabin style , with huge reflective windows . 
 it looked like an ultra modern take on a cabin in the woods . 
 it mixed the modern with nature , taking elements of the area and adding a stylish flair . 
 it seemed to be the cavendish designing trademark . 
 `` it 's lovely , '' i told him . 
 he smiled , pleased . 
 `` the stables are in back , but let me show you the house first . '' 
 `` i could see them from the road . 
 what are all of the other buildings ? 
 the house seems so huge just by itself . '' 
 `` for staff , '' he said , as he pulled me inside . 
 he showed me the house room by room . 
 it was beautiful , of course . 
 `` you decorated this , '' i stated . 
 i did n't have to ask . 
 i was starting to recognize his personal touch . 
 the stark modern floors and walls mixed with rustic tables and furnishings that had an authentic wyoming feel to them just had his stamp all over it . 
 he just nodded , leading me through the entryway and through a mammoth living room . 
 he showed me each room of the main floor , pointing out details of the design . 
 `` what ? 
 no antlers ? '' 
 i asked him , as he led me around . 
 he gave me a mock glare . 
 i realized i needed a nap as he led me up the stairs . 
 i tried to stifle a yawn . 
 he glanced back at me . 
 `` nap-time , '' he told me . 
 i just nodded , though it had n't been a question . 
 `` we 'll finish the tour later , '' he said . 
 he led me to what was obviously the master bedroom and into a ridiculously huge closet . 
 half of it held what were obviously women 's clothing . 
 i shot him a look . 
 `` whose clothing is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i 'd been going for a casual tone , but it came out stiff . 
 he gave me a censorious look . 
 `` yours . 
 i told you i had my shopper pick out a wardrobe for you . 
 you can add whatever you like , but i thought it would be convenient , for the moment , to have at least the essentials available for you , so you do n't have to pack every time we want to go to one of my houses . '' 
 `` you said you had done that in new york . 
 and i did n't imagine it was anything like this . 
 this is too much , james . '' 
 `` it 's nothing , '' he said curtly , pulling a tiny transparent slip off of a hanger and thrusting it at me . 
 `` put this on and get in bed , '' he ordered , and started to strip . 
 `` do you always do this ? 
 looking at this closet , you 'd think you were living with a woman . 
 is this your usual ... arrangement ? '' 
 `` of course not ! 
 i 've never lived with a woman , never even considered it . 
 you will be the first , when i 've talked you into it , '' he told me , pulling off his shirt . 
 `` it will be an easy transition once i convince you , '' he continued blandly , `` since all of my properties have been stocked with your things . 
 as i said , you can add whatever you like . 
 and if there 's any decorating changes you 'd like to make , please feel free to do so . 
 i know i can be controlling and possessive about my things , but i want you to feel that what 's mine is yours . '' 
 i froze in the act of unbuttoning my pants . 
 the things he was saying , and in that dispassionate tone , just were n't computing in my head . 
 `` you ca n't be serious , '' i said softly . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` living with me . '' 
 `` i see by the look on your face that you are n't pleased with the notion , but i 'm a very determined man . 
 start getting accustomed to the idea . '' 
 i went back to undressing , dismissing the notion . 
 maybe he was trying to say outrageous things just to get me to talk about the things i did n't want to . 
 i did n't know . 
 but , instead of feeling caged or trapped by the arrangement he was proposing , i felt ... nothing . 
 denial was my reaction , and i welcomed it . 
 `` you 're insane , '' i told him lightly as i pulled on the tiny slip he 'd handed me . 
 i crawled into the luxurious covers of yet another of his ridiculously oversized beds . 
 i felt him hovering near my side , standing over the bed . 
 `` well , i suppose that 's not the worst reaction i could have gotten . 
 i was scared you would run screaming from the house , so this is actually a positive , compared to that , '' he told me , his voice still so dispassionate . 
 i 'd heard him use that tone on the phone before . 
 i realized it was the one that he used for business transactions . 
 i heard him go into the bathroom , not shutting the door . 
 the shower began to run . 
 i was asleep before he joined me in bed . 
 chapter eleven james was a hot weight enfolding me from behind when i awoke . 
 the clock on the bedside table read 1:30 p.m. i 'd slept at least four hours , and i desperately needed a shower . 
 i slid out from under his heavy arm , going into the bathroom . 
 i shut the door behind me as quietly as i could . 
 the man seemed to get so little sleep . 
 i 'd feel bad if i woke him , when he seemed to be sleeping so deeply . 
 i was rinsing conditioner from my hair when he pressed his nak * d body against my back . 
 i gasped . 
 `` good morning , '' he murmured , reaching around me to pump some soap into his hand . 
 his arousal was already hard and pressed against my backside . 
 he rubbed the soap over me with one hand , kneading at my br ** sts . 
 i was already clean , but i did n't protest . 
 who would ? 
 he was washing himself with his other hand , and i felt it as he reached his own arousal , stroking the length , again and again . 
 he reached between my legs as he did so , his expert fingers giving attention to every fold . 
 `` put your hands against the wall , '' he rasped into my ear after he 'd teased us both for several minutes . 
 i laid my hands flat against the wall , and he grasped my h * ps roughly . 
 he buried his face in my neck as he drove into me . 
 it was a smooth entry , but he hammered into me , again and again , holding nothing back . 
 every stroke pulled along that perfect spot , and i arched my back , sobbing . 
 one hand held my h * ps anchored while the other slid up to a wet breast , gripping it roughly . 
 he pinched the nipple , twisting hard enough to make me cry out . 
 he bit my neck at the same moment . 
 i came instantly , sobbing out his name brokenly . 
 the name james had never had so many syllables . 
 `` fucking perfect , '' he groaned into my ear . 
 `` tell me you 're mine . 
 i need you , bianca . 
 i need you to know that you belong to me . '' 
 `` yes , '' i gasped , already building inexorably towards another powerful cli ** x. `` say it , '' he bit out . 
 `` i 'm yours , james . 
 i belong to you . '' 
 `` now come , '' he ordered , spilling into me with a rough shout . 
 the shout did it , and i was lost again in the rolling waves of pleasure . 
 he washed me again , leaning my near limp body against him . 
 `` no one else can do this for you , bianca . 
 do n't ever even consider it . 
 you were made for me . '' 
 he dried me and nearly carried me to the bed , laying me down . 
 `` i 'll get your clothes . 
 i want to dress you . '' 
 he did n't return for several minutes , and when he did the sight of him made me prop myself up on my elbows to study him more thoroughly . 
 he was wearing skin-hugging tan riding breeches , with dark brown chaps that came to his knees . 
 he wore a thin bright white v-neck shirt . 
 the getup hugged nearly every muscle of his body , leaving nothing to the imagination . 
 it was absolutely , mouthwateringly sexy . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 he smiled , and it was wicked . 
 he set a bulky pile of clothing on the bed beside me , and began the drawn-out process of gearing me up to ride . 
 he dressed my bottom half first , slipping on my tiny panties , caressing every body part that he passed . 
 he had to work the tan riding pants up my legs more slowly , they were so tight . 
 `` are they too small ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 this is what they 're supposed to do , until you break them in . 
 they will fit like a glove soon enough . '' 
 he worked them to my waist as he spoke . 
 he kissed my belly , running soft fingers over the fading bruises along my torso . 
 he did that so often , it was becoming a sort of ritual . 
 he slipped thick soft black socks onto my feet , kissing my arches . 
 next , he worked on stiff dark brown ankle-length boots that matched his own . 
 `` these will take breaking in as well . 
 the leather 's been softened , so it should n't be too rough , '' he explained . 
 he worked dark brown leather half-chaps onto my legs next . 
 he named all of the clothing as he dressed me . 
 the chaps hooked just under my heels , fastening to my legs with heavy velcro . 
 it allowed him to size them to my long , thin calves perfectly . 
 `` i got you some full chaps as well , but this is the best gear for learning . '' 
 he moved to my top half next , managing to slip me into a snug sports bra without making me sit up . 
 it zipped in the front , and he sucked on each breast thoroughly before zipping it up with a look of regret . 
 it was only then that he sat me up , slipping a skin tight white v-neck shirt over my head , pulling each of my arms through gently . 
 i laughed at him . 
 `` we match again , you weirdo . '' 
 he grinned back at me . 
 `` i find that i like that . 
 i ca n't say that this will be the last time , either . '' 
 he pulled me to my feet , straightening my shirt as he did so . 
 `` you realize that i can dress myself , do n't you ? '' 
 he just smiled , content . 
 `` if you do n't mind my eccentricity , i prefer to do this . '' 
 i gave him my little shrug . 
 i had n't known pampering like this before , and i found myself unexpectedly relishing the experience . 
 `` it makes me feel special . 
 i find that i love it . 
 i find that i love everything you do to me . '' 
 he cupped my face , his eyes fiercely tender . 
 i had to force myself to meet that searing gaze . 
 `` you are special . 
 you 're the most special person in the world to me . 
 i do n't known how to make you see and feel that . '' 
 i was speechless . 
 he kept saying the most disarming things to me , things i had never prepared myself to hear . 
 my stomach growled loudly , interrupting the too intense moment . 
 he kissed my forehead , taking my hand . 
 `` let 's feed you , poor thing . 
 i 've been negligent . '' 
 he led me swiftly to the kitchen , where an attractive black-haired woman was busily preparing a meal that smelled divine . 
 she beamed at james but greeted me more cooly , while remaining wholly professional . 
 `` i 've prepared slow cooked three-bean chicken chili , sir . 
 i could also prepare sandwiches , or anything else that you 'd prefer for lunch . '' 
 `` we 'll take sandwiches , and fresh vegetables from the garden . 
 we will eat in the formal dinning room for lunch , and have the chili for dinner , sara , '' he said without asking me , leading me into the daunting dinning room . 
 `` why not use the smaller dinning room for just the two of us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this room is more private , '' he said with a shrug . 
 he pulled me onto his lap for a long kiss . 
 it was a sweet , affectionate kiss , but it left me hot all the same . 
 i felt his hands in my hair , and it was a drugging moment before i realized he was braiding it . 
 i pulled back with reluctance . 
 he just moved his mouth to my neck , braiding all the while . 
 he 'd barely finished that task before he was spreading sunblock on my arms , keeping me on his lap the entire time . 
 i had n't even seen the little bottle on the table , he 'd had my attention so completely glued to him . 
 he set me onto my own chair only when sara was carrying a large tray into the room . 
 it held several turkey sandwiches on dark wheat buns , with some sort of white cheese that i could n't have named , and loaded with vegetables . 
 they were delicious , the vegetables tasting fresh from the garden . 
 each sandwich was smeared with a spicy hummus . 
 she brought out a large dish of fresh , raw vegetables as well , with a serving of hummus for dipping . 
 i ate heartily . 
 i 'd gone too long between meals . 
 `` i 'm going to lose some weight hanging out with you . 
 i try to eat healthy normally , but not surprisingly , you take healthy eating to the next level . 
 you do n't even know the meaning of the term ` half-assed ' . '' 
 he gave me his censorious look . 
 `` you do n't need to lose weight . '' 
 i gave a little shrug and went back to eating . 
 easy for mr. no body fat to say , i thought . 
 james finished eating before i did . 
 `` do you mind if i make some calls ? '' 
 he asked politely . 
 i shook my head that i did n't mind , knowing he was skipping out on a lot of work just to be there . 
 i finished eating , and waited for maybe five minutes while he made call after call , working on his laptop as he did so . 
 `` do you mind if i go look at the horses while you work ? '' 
 he nodded , waving me off absentmindedly . 
 `` take your time , '' i told him as i left . 
 i had a general idea where the stables were , so i headed that way . 
 i nearly got lost just trying to leave the palatial house , but finally found a door that led out of a room adjacent to the kitchen . 
 i 'd walked in a circle just to get there . 
 it was easier to take a direct route to the stables after i got outside , since the buildings housing the horses were so huge that i could n't possibly miss them . 
 i walked inside the wide opening into the shaded stalls , looking into each one . 
 many of the stalls were empty . 
 i stopped at the first stall that was n't . 
 it held a beautiful chestnut who came when i clicked to it softly . 
 it let me pet it , sniffing around for snacks . 
 i had n't thought to bring any , had n't known where any were . 
 `` she 'll love you if you give her an apple , '' a deep , unfamiliar voice drawled behind me , a hint of a strange accent detectable . 
 i thought it may be french , but was n't sure . 
 i turned , a little startled , though i should n't have been . 
 of course there would be people in the stables . 
 the sight that greeted me , though , was startling . 
 the man was tall and smiling , his black hair shaved close to his head . 
 he was devastatingly handsome , with a dominant but attractive nose and smiling eyes . 
 his strong jaw had an appealing five o'clock shadow . 
 i guessed he was in his early thirties . 
 he was geared up in clothing similar to my own , and the tight apparel showed his heavy muscles to distraction . 
 his teeth were even , his smile engaging . 
 i met his light brown eyes , smiling politely . 
 he sized me up as i had him . 
 my breath caught as i saw the riding crop in his hand . 
 it was for the horses , of course , but he looked like a man who could dominate a woman , and my newly awakened sexuality made my mind drift to the things he might do to a woman with that crop . 
 he held a hand for me to shake , stepping closer to me to pat the horse on the neck while he did so . 
 i shook his hand , and he gripped mine firmly , lingering . 
 i pulled away hastily . 
 `` this one is nanny . 
 she 's a good horse . '' 
 he went to a bag near the door of her stall , pulling out an apple , and handing it to me . 
 `` if you 're looking for a horse that will adore you , look no further than nanny . 
 she 's as docile as they come . 
 you do n't look like a woman who appreciates docile , though . 
 i 'm pete , by the way . 
 i train horses for mr. cavendish . 
 in fact , i do just about anything horse-related for the boss . '' 
 i smiled at him while i tried to feed nanny the apple . 
 i pulled back with a startled yip when she tried to take the apple from my hand , fingers and all . 
 pete laughed , stepping in close behind me . 
 `` not like that , ma chere . '' 
 he positioned my hand around the apple so that my fingers were n't sticking out like tempting targets . 
 `` never give a horse your finger , or sure enough , they 'll take it . '' 
 he held the apple to her with me , and she took it this time without touching me with her teeth . 
 i moved hastily away from pete after nanny had the apple . 
 `` i 'm bianca , '' i said , strangely breathless . 
 he winked at me . 
 `` i know who you are . 
 the boss 's lady . 
 come with me . 
 i have a special treat for you . '' 
 he turned and walked away , just expecting me to follow him . 
 he knows i 'm with james , so he should be safe . 
 should n't he ? 
 i wondered . 
 i hesitated , then followed . 
 chapter twelve he led me to a large , open corral that held a lovely pale horse that captured my attention immediately . 
 `` she 's what we call a palomino , based on her coloring . 
 the tan coat with the white hair . 
 she 's a palomino thoroughbred , which is rare . 
 her name is princess , and the boss wants you to learn to ride on her . 
 she does n't have any bad habits , so she wo n't be teaching you any . 
 but she 's real particular , so it might be tricky . '' 
 i continued to stare at the beautiful creature . 
 she was already saddled and tossing her head restlessly . 
 i noticed absently where all of the horses from the stalls had been . 
 the were frolicking and eating in a large pasture just behind princess 's corral . 
 `` you want to get on her , see how she feels ? '' 
 pete asked , smiling at me . 
 he had his elbows propped up on the high post of the corral . 
 `` mr. cavendish said you had some injuries , so we can just work on your seat for today . 
 you set the pace . 
 we 'll go however fast you want . '' 
 `` you 're going to teach me to ride ? '' 
 i asked him , surprised . 
 i had oddly assumed james would be teaching me . 
 this made more sense , i supposed . 
 he shrugged , smiling . 
 `` who else ? 
 i train the horses , so why not the people that ride them ? '' 
 `` okay , yeah , i 'd like to ride her . 
 she 's exquisite . '' 
 he gave me a wicked grin . 
 it made me want to shiver , but not in distaste . 
 `` like her rider , '' he said , his tone rich with sin . 
 `` i can see why the boss wanted to see you on her . 
 come on , ma chere , let 's get you mounted . '' 
 i blushed at his terminology , but followed him to the palomino . 
 i petted her nose first , and she sniffed me , flipping her lovely white hair . 
 `` she seems to like you fine so far , '' pete observed . 
 she had lovely amber eyes . 
 `` come here , ma chere , '' pete said , standing at the horse 's side . 
 i stepped closer to him , but not too close . 
 he tsk 'd at me . 
 `` i wo n't bite . 
 come here . 
 i 'll help you on her back . '' 
 i stepped even closer , until i felt like i was way too close . 
 he turned me by the shoulders , his touch gentle but dominant . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 he grabbed my h * ps and lifted me suddenly . 
 `` left foot in the stirrup , right over the horse , '' he said , not even breathless from the impressive lift . 
 i did what he said , and princess shifted restlessly when i sat in the saddle . 
 `` now , your seat is the most important part . 
 if you have that down correctly , it 'll make everything else work right . 
 you actually look natural on that horse , bianca . '' 
 as he spoke , he gripped my thigh , pushing it against the horse firmly . 
 his grip moved down to my foot , pushing my toe in slightly , and my heel down . 
 `` heels down , toes in . 
 and remember to grip her real , real tight with your thighs . 
 she has a sensitive mouth , which is good . 
 that 's what i meant about her not having bad habits . 
 but it means you 're gon na be real light with the reigns . 
 real light . 
 most of your control will be gained from the movement of your legs . '' 
 i followed his instructions carefully , mindful of every part of my body , not wanting to mess up . 
 `` good , '' he said approvingly . 
 `` your legs look amazing . 
 mr. cavendish said you had n't ridden before , so you must be a real natural to look so good , so fast . 
 it does n't hurt that you have killer legs . '' 
 he gave me an appreciative smile at his last comment , and i blushed involuntarily . 
 the man was flustering me , for some odd reason . 
 he moved to my other side , making a pleased sound in his throat . 
 the sound made me blush harder . 
 `` look at you , '' he murmured . 
 `` i did n't even have to touch this leg , and you fixed it perfectly . '' 
 he brought out the riding crop he 'd tucked into his chap , and brushed it lightly along my back . 
 my eyes flew to his in shock , trying to read his intent . 
 `` arch your back , ma chere , '' he instructed . 
 i complied automatically , the motion seating me more securely in the saddle . 
 `` perfect . 
 your seat is looking great , '' he said , still not removing the crop from my back . 
 `` you think you feel up to walking her a bit ? '' 
 i was nodding as i caught a movement out of the corner of my eye . 
 i looked up to see james striding towards us out of the stable , looking positively livid . 
 pete spotted him at the same time i did . 
 he gave his boss an inquiring look . 
 james did n't speak until he was intimidatingly close to the other man . 
 james was maybe an inch taller than pete , but he made that inch work to his advantage , glaring down at the other man . 
 `` give me that crop , pete , '' james said through gritted teeth . 
 pete obeyed , looking startled . 
 `` i 'll be training bianca . 
 and do n't ever lay another finger on her . 
 or anything else , for that matter . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 james asked , his voice filled with rage . 
 his hands were clenched , one around the offending crop . 
 pete nodded , his mouth curving down in a frown . 
 `` leave us , pete , '' james ordered coldly . 
 pete left instantly , without saying one word , though he adopted a leisurely pace . 
 james turned his livid eyes to me . 
 he looked furious , but i saw the hurt there , too . 
 i did n't understand it , did n't understand him . 
 he gripped my thigh with his free hand , his head dropping forward suddenly , and he laid his cheek on my thigh , putting his hand on my horse 's neck . 
 i stroked my hand over his hair , and he shuddered under my touch . 
 i should be mad at him , i thought , for embarrassing me , for embarrassing his trainer , but i just was n't . 
 he seemed almost injured by the exchange . 
 while i did n't understand it , i was n't immune to his pain . 
 `` i ca n't stand seeing that , '' he told me finally , his voice harsh and raw . 
 `` when i see another man touch you , i want to kill him . 
 why were you letting him touch you , bianca ? 
 do you want him ? '' 
 i stroked his hair . 
 `` i thought he was supposed to teach me to ride . 
 you overreacted , james . 
 he was just showing me how to sit . '' 
 `` i saw your face . 
 you were reacting to him . 
 do n't lie to me . 
 i know that look . 
 and he wanted you . 
 i saw his face , as well . '' 
 i froze . 
 i had been reacting to him , in a way , though i had n't been about to do anything about it . 
 it had been the simple reaction of a woman meeting a man whom she sensed could please her , a man who wanted to . 
 i had simply felt an attraction , when i was seldom attracted . 
 but it was nothing to compare to my reaction to just the sight of james , just the thought of him . 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` i-it was nothing . 
 i was startled by the crop . 
 i think you know why . 
 i could n't believe he had used it in that way . '' 
 `` he was dominating you , and you were submitting to him . 
 i know what i saw . '' 
 i continued to stroke his hair when he fell silent , searching for the right words . 
 `` if that was what was happening , it was n't deliberate , and i did n't understand it . 
 even if he had made a pass at me , which he did n't , i would have turned him down . '' 
 he was shaking his head before i finished . 
 `` it 's not enough , bianca . 
 it 's not just about the sex . 
 it 's about the ownership . 
 i want you to promise me that you wo n't let another man touch you . 
 and if they do , you need to pull away immediately . 
 even if it 's just here . '' 
 he reached up , touching my elbow , his eyes angry and charged . 
 my brows drew together in a frown . 
 `` stephan - '' `` i 'm not talking about stephan . 
 stephan is the exception , of course . '' 
 i sighed at him , wanting to get down from the horse . 
 `` you 're asking too much , james . 
 flight attendants hug every time they see each other . 
 i 'm already odd enough , without finding new things to separate me from everyone else . 
 and most of the men i touch are gay , you know . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm not talking about them . 
 i 'm talking about you thinking about how i would react to seeing who was touching you , and to react accordingly . 
 if you think it would bother me , do n't do it . 
 how about that ? '' 
 i glared . 
 `` and what about you ? 
 what arbitrary rules do i get to impose on you ? '' 
 he straightened , holding his hands out as if in deference . 
 `` name them . 
 i 'll be happy to oblige any whim that makes you happy . '' 
 `` fine . 
 no one is allowed to touch you , either . '' 
 `` that 's an easy one . 
 done . '' 
 he closed his eyes , leaning his face into my leg again . 
 `` the sight of him touching you with that crop made me insane . 
 i ca n't get that picture out of my head . 
 i want to rip him apart , the kinky bastard . '' 
 i nearly laughed . 
 james should talk ... but i did n't think pointing that out would help . 
 i stroked his hair , trying to comfort him . 
 his hair was soft and silky , and so thick , especially for such a light color . 
 i stroked it away from his golden kissed skin . 
 we stayed like that for several minutes , neither of us saying a word . 
 princess shifted impatiently but was otherwise cooperative . 
 james began to stroke her neck , making soothing noises , not taking his cheek off of my thigh . 
 eventually he straightened , adjusting my hands on the reigns , then studying my ` seat ' in the saddle . 
 he poked the spot between my shoulder blades with one finger . 
 `` shoulders back , '' he instructed . 
 `` perfect , '' he said when i complied . 
 `` goddammit , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` he put you on her without a helmet ? '' 
 he lifted his arms up to me , almost in the stance of coaxing a child into his arms . 
 i leaned down to him , and he pulled me off of the horse like a rag doll . 
 he laughed , the moody bastard . 
 `` we 'll have to work on your dismount . 
 come . 
 let 's get you a helmet . '' 
 we found several , in what he called a tack room . 
 james went immediately to a black one on the wall , fitting it onto my head . 
 `` feel good ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 he pulled me back out to princess , who was trotting in circles around the corral . 
 he made a clicking noise at her , and she came to him . 
 she held perfectly still when she was near us , as though waiting for me to mount her . 
 james glanced around , his brows knitting together . 
 `` where 's the mounting block ? '' 
 he asked , looking at me . 
 i shrugged , wondering why he thought i should know . 
 `` where did you mount her ? '' 
 i grimaced , seeing where this was going . 
 `` right here , '' i said , resigned for another of his outbursts . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` pete lifted me onto her back . '' 
 `` mother . 
 f ** ker , '' he said through clenched teeth . 
 but that was all . 
 he lifted me much like pete had , but i knew what to do with my legs at that point , so he did n't have to instruct me . 
 i adjusted myself into my seat as they had told me . 
 back arched , shoulders back , toes in , heels down , thighs tensed . 
 i kept my reigns steady but put no pressure on the horse 's mouth . 
 `` beautiful seat . 
 you 're a natural . 
 you 're going to pick this up in no time . 
 you feel up to walking her around a bit ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you want me to lead you , or do you want to try controlling her ? 
 you 're going to need to be very light on her reigns . 
 shift in your saddle to show her where you want her to go . 
 it 's all about the legwork , with the really good thoroughbreds . 
 if you use her reigns too roughly she 's liable to buck , understand ? '' 
 the mention of bucking intimidated me , but i nodded , willing to at least try . 
 james unsnapped her lead rope and stepped back . 
 he looked a little worried . 
 it was n't reassuring . 
 `` ok , now walk her around the corral . 
 hug the edges . '' 
 i did , afraid to tug at the reigns even a little , sitting forward and leaning how i wanted her to go while gripping with my thighs . 
 she obeyed beautifully , her walk smooth and quick . 
 there was no pain at all in my ribs as she moved , her gait was so smooth . 
 `` perfect , love . 
 are your injuries smarting at all ? '' 
 `` not a bit . 
 she has such a smooth walk . '' 
 `` yes . 
 she 's my best mare . 
 a real prize . 
 do you feel up to trying to trot ? '' 
 i nodded , already wanting to move faster . 
 `` walk her to me . '' 
 i did , and she obeyed perfectly . 
 james patted her coat , then rubbed his hand up my leg , smiling . 
 `` we 're going to start with posting . 
 this is where you will lift from the horse for one beat , then sit on the next , as she trots . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i had not a clue . 
 he put a hand on my butt , the other on my hip . 
 he pushed lightly , and i stood slightly in the stirrups at his touch . 
 `` you 'll move with her movement , up and down like this . '' 
 he pushed me back down . 
 `` it 's rather like being on top when you have sex , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` just pretend you 're making love to the saddle . '' 
 chapter thirteen i blinked at him , wondering if he was being perverted and funny , or perverted and serious . 
 he grinned wickedly . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you would n't know about being on top . 
 i 'll have to let you ride me later , then i can really demonstrate what i 'm trying to explain . 
 in the meantime , move all the way forward in the saddle , and keep your feet deep in the stirrups , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , obeying carefully . 
 i yelped in surprise as he vaulted up behind me . 
 princess shied a little , taking several steps back , but he had her stilling as he commanded her to in a soothing tone . 
 he pressed in close behind me , and i felt his obvious arousal . 
 i shot him an arch look over my shoulder . 
 `` are you always hard ? '' 
 he gave a little shrug . 
 `` i ca n't watch you straddle something and grind yourself against it and not get turned on . 
 so sue me . '' 
 he gripped my h * ps tight , grinding against me from behind . 
 i glanced down at our legs . 
 his dangled behind mine with no stirrups . 
 he somehow made the precarious position look natural . 
 he slapped my ass lightly . 
 `` pay attention , '' he commanded . 
 `` look forward and correct your seat . '' 
 i wriggled , trying to obey . 
 it was challenging with an aroused james grinding into me . 
 `` you 're in the way . 
 or rather , your c * ck is . '' 
 he laughed , rubbing against me . 
 `` you 'll have to manage to ignore it . 
 i 'm up here to show you the rhythm . 
 like this . '' 
 he lifted my hips , then lowered them , clicking the horse into the trot . 
 i supposed it was a lot like being on top . 
 princess trotted up and down , up and down , and james moved me with her momentum . 
 he was , of coarse , using the demonstration to his advantage , grinding against me every time i touched back down on the saddle . 
 `` you could go even higher , and it would still be a good trot . 
 try it . '' 
 i did , and the exaggerated motion felt even more natural to me . 
 `` okay , now sit deep in the saddle and lean back a bit . 
 we 're going to try a sitting trot next . 
 you 'll keep in the saddle and just move with her . 
 it 's a lot like learning to canter , so you 'll be prepared when i start teaching you that . '' 
 i did as he instructed , and found the sitting trot a little more challenging . 
 james leaned his chest against my back , hands on my hips . 
 `` just move with her . 
 accept her rhythm and relax . 
 yes , perfect , love . '' 
 he leaned in , whispering roughly in my ear . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you on horseback soon . 
 you 're going to straddle me while i ride , and we can f ** k to this rhythm . 
 it 's gon na be so hard and rough that you 'll be sore when we 're done . 
 would you like that ? '' 
 my mind went a little hazy and soft at his visual . 
 `` yes . 
 can we do that ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 but not on princess . 
 we 'll take my stallion , devil . 
 he 's a huge beast of a horse , more than up to the task . '' 
 his hand moved to my breast as he spoke , cupping it softly , his fingers finding my nipple as it hardened in response . 
 it was hard for me to focus after that , and james did n't help , caressing me every time he corrected me . 
 he called a halt to the lesson some time later . 
 i was aching and needy by then , the last half of the lesson a blur of sensual teasing . 
 `` you 're a tease , '' i told him , my tone breathless . 
 he hopped off the back of my horse in a smooth motion . 
 he met my gaze with raised brows . 
 `` that 's a silly thing to say , when i 'm about to make you come over and over again . 
 let 's work on your dismount . 
 swing your other leg over . '' 
 i did , standing on just one side of the horse . 
 he grabbed me , pulling me down the rest of the way . 
 `` she 's too tall . 
 you 'll need a mounting block if i 'm not here to lift you . 
 my horses are particularly tall breeds , for the most part . 
 with those long legs of yours , though , you 'd be able to mount almost any other kind of horse from the ground . '' 
 he spoke into my ear after he 'd lowered me , pressing into my back . 
 he made the words sound dirty , even though they were n't . 
 the man could make anything sound dirty . 
 he caressed my br ** sts from behind , kissing and sucking on my neck . 
 `` we 're going to f ** k like animals in the horse stalls , and you 're going to love it . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` are n't there people around ? 
 working ? '' 
 `` i dismissed them all before i found you . 
 i plan to make love to you in as many areas of this ranch as we can in one trip . '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 he 'd never used the term make love before . 
 i found it peculiar that he would do so now . 
 `` make love ? 
 is n't what we do called f ** king ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` why ca n't it be both ? '' 
 james growled against me . 
 i did n't have an answer for that . 
 instead , i thought of another question . 
 the question embarrassed me , but i asked it anyways . 
 my curiosity always seemed to win out on my pride where james was concerned . 
 `` how many women have you brought to this ranch ? '' 
 `` just you , bianca . 
 i usually come here to get some peace . 
 the only properties i 've ever brought women to were my new york and vegas homes . 
 do you want me to buy new beds and such at those homes ? 
 would that make you feel more comfortable ? '' 
 i thought he might be crazy , not for the first time . 
 `` are you offering to get rid of anything in your homes that you might have used to f ** k other women ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i assume everything 's been cleaned thoroughly ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` well , then that would be wasteful , and silly . 
 those beds have to be ungodly expensive . '' 
 `` i think the fact that you did n't answer is an answer in itself , '' he murmured . 
 i elbowed him softly . 
 `` your beds look like works of art . 
 i would n't want you to get rid of them . 
 i like them . 
 how often do you get new beds just to humor a girl ? '' 
 he bit me hard enough to make me yelp . 
 `` there you go , belittling us again . 
 you must know by now that i 've never done any of this for anyone else . 
 i was a slut once with my body , but i 've never been a slut with my heart . '' 
 he swung me into his arms suddenly , cradling me . 
 `` how are your injuries ? '' 
 i was surprised to realize that i had forgotten about them completely . 
 `` good . 
 great . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 'll go take one of the trails tomorrow , with princess and devil . '' 
 as he spoke , he carried me into an empty stall . 
 i realized that he 'd been serious about where we were going to fuck . 
 i should n't have been surprised . 
 he seemed to be a man of his word . 
 even when he said something i thought was a complete joke , he 'd always followed through , so far . 
 i tried not to linger on that thought , since he 'd said some pretty outrageous things in just the last day . 
 he set me down . 
 `` take off your helmet . 
 and your pants , . '' 
 he ordered , leaving the stall . 
 i obeyed , feeling very odd undressing in a horse stall . 
 he returned with a huge blanket , laying it on a thick pile of hay . 
 i was just getting to my actual pants , having to first remove my chaps and boots . 
 he lounged on his back on the blanket , peeling off his shirt . 
 he left his pants on , just pulling his breeches down to expose his hard length . 
 `` come ride me , '' he ordered , his tone casual . 
 `` i want to see what you learned today . '' 
 i approached his lounging figure , placing my feet on either side of his h * ps and lowering myself to my knees . 
 i felt almost more exposed than i did when i was completely nak * d , with just my bottom half bare . 
 `` sit on my cock . 
 i want to feel you . 
 now , '' he said roughly when i hesitated . 
 i complied , lowering myself slowly , guiding him to my entrance with my hand . 
 i impaled myself , inch by thick inch , shuddering as i did so . 
 all of his teasing caresses had left me more than wet enough to accommodate his entrance . 
 `` good , '' he said , when i 'd seated myself to the hilt . 
 `` now fix your seat and post . '' 
 i thought he might be joking . 
 i just could n't tell , but i did it nevertheless . 
 i positioned my knees for best leverage , put my shoulders back , arched my back , and began to post . 
 i moved up and forward , then down and back in big motions . 
 i moved until only his tip was inside of me , then pushed back down in a jerky motion . 
 i rode him for long minutes , working myself more slowly towards my cli ** x than james usually did . 
 my hands stroked over his magnificent chest covetously as i rode . 
 it felt so good , unbelievably good , but when he was in control , it just did something for me that nothing else could . 
 i watched him as i posted . 
 he had his hands folded behind his head in a casual pose , his lids heavy , watching me . 
 i thought that this position must not quite be his preferred method , either . 
 `` you 're bored , '' i accused him , still moving , my voice a gasp . 
 he grinned , a wicked grin . 
 i clenched around him just looking at it . 
 `` never . 
 i would love to do this all day . 
 it just so happens that i also could . 
 it 's a lot easier for me to keep from coming when you 're in control . 
 i 'm sure i do n't have to explain why to you . '' 
 he did n't . 
 what his control did for me , it did for him as well . 
 in bed , we could n't have been more perfect for each other . 
 `` your post is extraordinary , love . 
 especially considering your inexperience . 
 now for the sitting trot , '' he said . 
 `` seat yourself to the hilt , '' he instructed . 
 i did it on a gasp . 
 `` now just enjoy the ride . '' 
 he smiled , and took over the movement , bucking me up and down , his hands gripping my thighs . 
 i caught his rhythm , but that was all . 
 he was on the bottom , but he had suddenly taken all of the control . 
 it was all that i needed . 
 i cli ** xed within seconds , crying out loudly enough to disturb any horses left in the stables . 
 i started to go limp . 
 james slapped my ass , hard . 
 `` keep your seat . 
 i 'm not done with you . '' 
 and he was n't . 
 he worked me from below for long minutes , grabbing my h * ps and thrusting up , again and again . 
 he was so tireless . 
 like a machine , i thought , as he bucked high , bouncing me with the force . 
 my head fell back , my hands clutching his on my hips . 
 i could n't reach anything else at that point in the wild ride . 
 he reached up to pinch a nipple hard enough to bring tears to my eyes . 
 my gaze went to his . 
 `` do n't look away . 
 i need to see your eyes as you fall to pieces . '' 
 his voice was a harsh growl , his breathing heavy . 
 `` come , now , '' he ordered finally , and it was my undoing , as always . 
 i fell apart , and he came with me , his eyes going to that forbidden place of tenderness that i craved , and feared , and tried so hard not to feel down to my soul . 
 `` oh , bianca , '' he whispered , cupping my cheek as i lowered myself to lay on his chest . 
 he shifted me so that he stayed inside of me securely . 
 `` you 're a marvel . 
 i never imagined anyone could be so perfectly made for me . '' 
 i shut my eyes , and felt a dreaded tear seep down my cheek . 
 i felt his words deeply , but could n't find any of my own , so stayed silent . 
 chapter fourteen recovering and getting dressed again was a slow and languorous affair . 
 james did most of the work , laying me down to get my pants back on . 
 `` i want to tie you to that hook and take you there , but your wrists need to heal from the last time , '' he murmured as he fastened a chap back on . 
 i looked up at the hook he was talking about . 
 a bridle hung from it . 
 it did seem ideal for his purposes . 
 i glanced at my wrists . 
 they were red with conspicuous abrasions . 
 i had n't been able to put my watch back on . 
 james had packed it somewhere , i knew . 
 i would have to find a way to cover the marks at work . 
 they could raise questions . 
 they stood out starkly against my pale skin . 
 `` i do n't mind , '' i said softly . 
 `` i can barely feel them . 
 you could try it . 
 if it got too rough , that 's what my safe word is for , right ? '' 
 he gave me a wild kind of look . 
 i was already able to read him so well . 
 this look said ` you should n't encourage me . ' 
 `` you 're a dangerous woman , '' he nearly growled . 
 `` i 'll be making all of the calls about your safety , since you apparently ca n't be trusted to judge such things . 
 your wrists are in bad shape . 
 i went too far the last time , whether you think they hurt now or not . 
 we 'll leave them alone until they 've healed . '' 
 he finished the long process of dressing the lower half of my body as he spoke . 
 all he 'd had to do was raise his pants and cover himself , then shrug back into his shirt with a fluid movement . 
 i 'd watched each delectable part of his body disappear behind clothes with disappointment . 
 i could have looked at his tan flesh forever . 
 he smiled , pulling me against him for a long kiss . 
 we walked back to the house with his arm around my shoulder , tucked tightly into his side . 
 a man in a suit and shades whom i did n't recognize met us at the back door of the house . 
 he nodded at us , opening the door . 
 `` sir . 
 ms. karlsson . '' 
 `` tell pete to tend to the horses , '' james said brusquely . 
 `` we are done with the stables for today . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 kent called to check in with you about the investigation , '' the man said hesitantly , glancing between the two of us . 
 as though not sure whether to speak in front of me , i thought . 
 `` any new developments ? '' 
 james asked , his voice cold . 
 this was a subject that did n't improve his mood , i noted . 
 `` nothing , sir . 
 just his daily account of what he and his men have been doing . '' 
 `` tell him to send me a report . 
 and notify me if there are any new leads . 
 that will be all , paterson . '' 
 james led me into the house , and paterson closed the door behind us , remaining outside . 
 `` is that about my father ? '' 
 i asked him quietly . 
 he glanced at me , his face a careful mask . 
 `` yes . 
 can we talk about it yet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 there 's nothing to talk about . 
 i gave my report to the police , and i wo n't be so careless again . 
 it was just terrible timing that got him into my house in the first place . '' 
 he blanched . 
 `` will you please tell me what happened ? 
 i 'm trying to be patient , bianca , but i need to know how he got to you . 
 if only to prevent it from happening again . '' 
 i sighed , the pain in his gorgeous eyes affecting me . 
 `` stephan was due at my house . 
 i heard the doorbell ring . 
 i checked the peephole , but a hand was covering it . 
 i was a fool . 
 i actually let him in myself . 
 i thought stephan was playing a mean joke . 
 which is so ludicrous , because stephan does n't do things like that , even when he 's being playful . 
 i undid my security and opened the door , meaning to tell him off . 
 my father had me pinned to the wall before i could even register who it was . '' 
 he looked away , his face gone ashen . 
 `` he just attacked you on sight ? '' 
 his hands had dropped away . 
 he looked so forlorn that i wanted to comfort him . 
 but i gave him his space . 
 and , finally , with a resigned sigh , some answers . 
 `` he had seen me in the tabloids . 
 and he thought someone had been investigating him , so he blamed me . 
 he had come to threaten me . 
 the injuries were just his neanderthal way of telling me not to speak to the police . '' 
 his eyes shot back to mine , shocked and appalled . 
 `` it was my fault . 
 it was my fault you were in the tabloids . 
 and my men had begun to look for him . 
 he laid hands on you because i was careless enough to look for him , and expose you , without protecting you . '' 
 i studied him . 
 his tone and his face spoke of a deep self-loathing so misplaced that i did n't even know how to address it . 
 `` of course it was n't . 
 it was no one 's fault but my own . 
 i know what he 's capable of , more than anyone , and i was careless enough to let him into my home . 
 it 's not your job to protect me , james . 
 it 's my job . 
 stephan had your same reaction , blaming himself . 
 i do n't understand it . 
 it 's impossible to take responsibility for things that are completely out of your control . '' 
 his eyes were anguished as he told me , `` it is my job to protect you . 
 you do n't have to acknowledge it , but it is . 
 all of my influence is completely worthless if i ca n't even protect the thing i cherish most . '' 
 i reached up and patted his arm comfortingly . 
 `` my dad has been like this for my entire life . 
 will you blame yourself for all of the other times , as well ? 
 you must see how illogical that is . '' 
 he seemed to get himself under control , schooling his features once again . 
 `` we do n't have to agree on this , bianca . 
 but thank you for answering some of my questions . '' 
 i thought briefly of all of the questions i had n't answered . 
 and all of the secrets i still kept . 
 i was grateful that james seemed to drop the subject after that . 
 `` let me show you the upstairs now . 
 i 've made some changes that i think will please you , '' he told me solemnly . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i 'd love to see all of it . 
 your homes are like works of art . 
 you have impeccable taste . '' 
 he put his hand on my nape as he led me to a set of stairs . 
 `` i have to agree , '' he said warmly , and i knew he was referring to more than his homes . 
 he pointed out several guest rooms first , just glancing inside . 
 they were themed in different colors . 
 i thought it was a rather english thing to do . 
 they all had names . 
 the green room , the blue room , etc. . 
 `` all of your homes probably have the same thing . 
 it 's so english , '' i told him teasingly . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you 're right . 
 they do . '' 
 we came to a closed door that he opened with a flourish . 
 `` the library , '' he told me with a smile . 
 `` i 've made some recent additions . 
 guess which ones . '' 
 i blinked at the massive room . 
 it was filled with sunlight . 
 it was a a room of windows and books . 
 so many books filled the massive room . 
 `` i know e-books are the way of the future , but i ca n't help it , i still love plain old books . 
 guess which section i made just for you . '' 
 i glanced around , baffled as to how he thought i could know that , with so many things to take in . 
 but my eyes fell on it quickly . 
 one of the dark floor to ceiling bookshelves was filled with content that was just more colorful than the rest of it . 
 i laughed , delighted and a little embarrassed . 
 `` you know , i do n't just read manga , '' i told him . 
 but i moved to the shelf to study it . 
 it held full collections of all of the favorites that i 'd told him about , and several that i had heard of but had n't yet read . 
 i sent him a warm smile . 
 `` thank you . 
 what a sweet thing to do . '' 
 he smiled back . 
 `` i can be sweet . 
 you inspire me to be sweet . 
 and you can get whatever you want , for any of our libraries . 
 i added a romance and urban fantasy shelf , as well , though i was just guessing at the authors you might like . 
 you only mentioned that your read the genres , not what in particular . '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` it 's over by the window . '' 
 i glanced over , blinking at the extent of what he 'd done just to please me . 
 there was a small fortune worth of books in this monstrosity of a room , purchased just for me . 
 it was such a thoughtful thing to do . 
 he 'd made a few more chips in the thick wall of ice around my heart with the gesture . 
 little by little , he was making his way in . 
 i took deep breaths , trying to manage my sudden feeling of panic at the thought . 
 it worked . 
 i was becoming more accustomed to the way i felt about him . 
 i was n't sure if it was a good thing , but i did n't linger on that thought . 
 `` thank you . 
 i could spend the afternoon reading , if you need to do some work , '' i told him politely . 
 `` i have one more surprise for you . '' 
 he pulled me from the room as he spoke . 
 i looked at him warily , wondering what he had planned for me next . 
 he led me into a large room with a bed , though i did n't think it was a bedroom . 
 it was another room of windows , the sunlight streaming in to light every corner . 
 i saw the painting supplies then , lined up along an ornate chestnut table . 
 there was an impressive easel beside it , already holding a large piece of mounted watercolor paper . 
 i walked to it , speechless . 
 `` the table holds more supplies , in drawers , and shelves . 
 and i had shelving put in along the walls to hold various canvases , so you can keep them organized . '' 
 i glanced where he gestured with his arm . 
 one wall was covered with custom made , built-in shelving , with shelves large enough to hold many sizes of canvases and papers . 
 many blank ones were already stacked there , sorted by size . 
 the room was a painter 's dream . 
 it was an inspiration in itself , the large windows giving me an unobstructed view of the majestic wyoming forest . 
 there was a large desk in one corner . 
 it held a mac that had the biggest screen i 'd ever seen on a computer . 
 i pointed at it . 
 `` what 's that thing ? '' 
 he raised his brows , as though i should know . 
 `` those are the best computers for artists . 
 i 'm sure you 'll find a use for it if you need to pull up a picture , or do any kind of research . 
 there are also several programs you might find useful . 
 i 'll walk you through them , whenever you like . '' 
 i just nodded , overwhelmed . 
 `` it 's amazing . 
 thank you . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` so what do you want to do this afternoon ? 
 i got to pick horseback riding , and you were more than a good sport about it . 
 your turn . 
 we could read in the library , or you could paint . 
 or anything , really . 
 what 'll it be ? '' 
 i chewed on my lip , my mind already on a picture i 'd seen online that i wanted to paint . 
 `` there is a painting i 'd like to start on , if you do n't mind . 
 you could get some work done . '' 
 he just nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 we need to shower first , though . 
 i 'll work in here with you , if it wo n't disturb you . '' 
 he gave me an inquiring look while he spoke . 
 i just shook my head that it would n't . 
 `` then come . '' 
 he led me by the hand back to his bathroom . 
 the shower was a short , if intense , affair . 
 james washed every inch of me , but that was all . 
 i tried to return the favor , but he just kissed me , washing himself . 
 he slapped my ass when i was clean . 
 `` out , '' he ordered . 
 i was dressed before he was dry . 
 `` i need to grab a few things , if you want to go back to your art studio , '' he told me . 
 i left the sight of all of his nak * d flesh with more than a little reluctance . 
 i went to the computer , sitting down . 
 i hated to have to look at tabloids , but unfortunately they held what i needed for the painting i was planning . 
 it took me a minute to find out how to even go online with the new operating system . 
 i typed in the name james cavendish with a little feeling of dread . 
 looking at tabloids had not been a good idea for me lately , but i really wanted that picture . 
 chapter fifteen i braced myself for the onslaught of unflattering pictures and headlines i was about to see of myself . 
 i was n't disappointed . 
 a few phrases stood out . 
 ` cavendish 's new vegas vixen ' and ` trashy man-eater ' caught my eye as i tried to get quickly to images . 
 the images did n't hold the picture i wanted , and i sighed with resignation . 
 i would have to delve deeper into the search . 
 i paused on a picture of james , dated just last week . 
 he was alone , in a suit , looking so much more solemn than any of his other red carpet shots . 
 i clicked on the picture . 
 it had been taken at a charity event in new york last week . 
 he had none of his usual charm for the camera , instead posing almost coldly . 
 his eyes were impatient , when he usually had a camera-ready smile . 
 i wondered if i had been the cause for his change . 
 if so , the tabloids had probably been running wild with the idea . 
 they hated me , and loved the idea of a love match between james and his best friend 's sister , jules . 
 i tried to just ignore the many old images of james and jules as i went back to my original search , scanning carefully for what i wanted . 
 i froze at one particular headline . 
 ` james cavendish 's new love has countless other men on the side . ' 
 i clicked on the link before i could think better of it , wanting to see what on earth they could mean . 
 i blinked stupidly at the pictures in the article . 
 one was of stephan and i , walking hand in hand on a sidewalk . 
 i recognized that i was in miami without having to read the article , though i read the horrid thing anyway . 
 according to the article , stephan was my long-time boyfriend , and we were scheming to get a piece of the cavendish fortune . 
 i scrolled down in disgust , scanning for other pictures . 
 there were several beach shots of damien and i , and i flushed at some of them . 
 in one , we lounged by the pool . 
 damien was giving me a very warm look while i lay with my eyes covered by shades , a little smile on my face . 
 it did n't look anywhere near as innocent as it had actually been . 
 looking the picture , you got the impression that he was staring at my br ** sts and thinking naughty things about me . 
 another was of our walk on the beach . 
 his hand was on my elbow , his eyes tender . 
 the way his face was angled towards me ... he looked very nearly loving . 
 i was blushing , as though flustered by him , i thought . 
 according to the article beside it , he was a steamy lover that i 'd been stringing along . 
 i flushed with anger at the blatant lies . 
 they 'd even caught a picture of murphy and i . 
 we were walking beside each other and laughing . 
 the article claimed here that i was a shameless seductress who had too many men ensnared to keep track . 
 i regretted reading the trash before i 'd even finished , but finish i did . 
 i scrolled back up to the shots of damien and i . 
 they looked so much different than what had actually been going on , and i wondered why . 
 the look on his face , perhaps ? 
 or the dark shades i wore , that made my expression so inscrutable ? 
 i was still staring at the disconcerting pictures when james returned to the room quietly , approaching my desk with his slim laptop in one hand . 
 he raised a brow when he saw my expression . 
 `` why do you look like a deer caught in headlights , bianca ? '' 
 he asked , his voice amused . 
 he glanced at my computer screen as he got closer . 
 i did n't close the window , thinking that hiding what i was looking at would be worse than just confronting it . 
 james 's face tensed instantly when he saw the photos of damien and i. i was struck with a thought . 
 he had seen these before . 
 he was n't surprised by the outrageous photos , merely infuriated by them . 
 the conversation we 'd had about him hating the beach suddenly made a lot more sense . 
 and his elevated hostility towards damien . 
 `` th-this is all garbage , '' i told him , feeling strangely defensive . 
 `` damien and i were just hanging out . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 he studied me , his face painfully solemn . 
 his entire demeanor had changed since he 'd glanced at the pictures . 
 `` yes , '' he answered finally . 
 `` i know as well as anyone how they can take a made up story and run with it . 
 but it still hurts to see you together like that . 
 damien obviously cares for you , and wants you . 
 personally , i think he 's in love with you . 
 my only comfort is that if you wanted him , you would have accepted him before you ever met me . '' 
 he studied my face , his very serious , before he continued , `` and i confess , the thought that you 'll choose him if you ever decide to go vanilla has disturbed me . '' 
 i blinked at his outrageous little rant . 
 `` of course he 's not in love with me . 
 you know we 've never even been on a date . 
 and i 'm not even quite sure just what going vanilla means , but i do n't think of damien as anything but a friend , even without you in the equation . '' 
 i wondered , not for the first time , what on earth james could be insecure about . 
 but even the thought was wrong . 
 i just could n't put james and insecurity together , even with the proof of it in front of me . 
 the whole idea was absurd . 
 no one in the world could compete with him , in any way . 
 there 's no room in perfection for insecurity , i thought . 
 he sat down in the other seat at the large desk . 
 he was a good four feet away there , still . 
 he opened his paper-thin laptop , going to work without another word . 
 `` are you upset ? '' 
 i asked him quietly , needing to clear the air before i could move on . 
 his mouth tightened , his fingers already working on his laptop . 
 `` i am managing both my unreasonable hurt and my unfounded jealousy . 
 i 'll work it out . '' 
 i stared at him for awhile , trying to determine how best to proceed . 
 i finally decided that if i wanted to work something out myself , something that nothing could be done about , i would want to be left alone to do so . 
 so that 's what i did . 
 i returned to my search , moving on from the inflammatory article , wanting to forget that the horrid thing even existed . 
 i tried to ignore all of the headlines that drew my unwilling attention , and all of the photos that piqued my curiosity . 
 i went through webpage after webpage before i finally found what i was looking for . 
 i made a little humph of relief that i 'd located the prize . 
 my noise got james 's instant attention . 
 i clicked to print out the picture as he rose , looking over my shoulder from behind . 
 `` what 's that for ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i turned to smile at him . 
 `` i 've wanted to paint it from the moment i saw it , a few weeks ago , '' i explained . 
 `` is that okay with you ? '' 
 he blinked at me , but nodded his assent . 
 it was a picture of him when he was fourteen , at some red carpet function . 
 he was posing for the camera , but it was a far different pose from the polished one he had adopted as an adult . 
 his dark blond hair had just brushed his shoulders even then , perfectly coifed , his dusky skin perfect . 
 his face was solemn and serious , his turquoise eyes haughty and fierce . 
 he had been no more than a child , but the man he would become shone through every arrogant line of his face . 
 it fascinated me , how his strong character shone at such a tender age . 
 i wanted to make it into a portrait shot that he could hang on some fireplace mantle at one of his many estates . 
 perhaps it could be a legacy for his children . 
 `` you were like a baby supermodel , '' i said as he went back to his seat . 
 he shot me a wry smile . 
 `` i detested the way i looked back then . 
 i thought it made my business associates take me less seriously . 
 typical fourteen-year-old reasoning . 
 it did n't even occur to me that being fourteen did that all on it 's own . '' 
 i studied him , trying to hide the sympathy i felt for a fourteen-year-old james , who 'd had far too heavy of a burden to bear . 
 `` i wish i 'd known you back then . 
 i bet we would have been friends . '' 
 he gave me a warm look . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` you were n't homeless , but you did n't have anyone , like i did , to turn to for comfort . 
 i think i got the better deal . '' 
 he gave me a sad little smile . 
 `` you may be right there . '' 
 i took the printout of the photo across the room , beginning a rough sketch , loving all of the new supplies . 
 he 'd thought of everything i could possibly need . 
 `` oh , i forgot , '' james said . 
 i glanced back at him . 
 he was holding my phone . 
 `` your reception is n't great out here , but stephan has been trying to get ahold of you . 
 you can call him from my phone . '' 
 i realized belatedly that i had forgotten i 'd even had a phone since we 'd arrived at the ranch . 
 he carried the other phone to me , already set to dial stephan . 
 i pushed the button , thanking him . 
 an excited stephan answered after one ring . 
 it took me a long moment to piece together his hyper chattering . 
 i blinked , glancing at james . 
 he was working intently at his computer . 
 `` it even has the white grill and the black racing stripe that i was obsessed with . 
 it 's like he took every piece of information he ever heard me say about my dream car and just ordered it . '' 
 stephan had been going on and on about the brand new dodge challenger that james had delivered to his driveway for several minutes , before i got a word in . 
 `` that 's amazing , stephan . '' 
 i listened as he added several excited details . 
 `` yes , james is unerringly thoughtful . 
 i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 i could n't get a word in for another solid five minutes while stephan went on and on about his extravagant gift . 
 finally , he asked to speak to james , wanting to thank him personally . 
 james took the phone from me with good grace , smiling as he told stephan , `` it is the best way i could think of to thank you for watching out for our bianca for all these years . 
 i 'm indebted to you . '' 
 he paused with a laugh as he was obviously interrupted by a frenzied stephan . 
 `` i 'll tell you what . 
 let 's schedule a meeting when we 're both in new york . 
 i want to discuss a few business matters with you . '' 
 james listened politely to the response . 
 `` that will work fine . 
 yes , i 'll do that . 
 okay , have a good one , stephan . '' 
 with that , he hung up . 
 i eyed him suspiciously . 
 `` what are you up to now ? '' 
 i asked him ungraciously . 
 but i just knew that he was somehow meddling in my life . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` stephan is your family . 
 i want to take care of him . 
 and i do feel strongly indebted to him for the way he 's protected you . 
 also , i 've found that it pays to be on his good side . '' 
 i studied him , wanting to be annoyed at his interference , but i just could n't . 
 he had found something that made stephan so happy . 
 how could i help but be thankful to him for it ? 
 `` thank you for doing that for him , '' i finally said . 
 `` he 's been obsessed with the new challenger since it came out . 
 and his obsession for old muscle cars goes way back . 
 there 's not a gift in the world that he would love more than what you 've done . '' 
 he just smiled at me , shrugging like it was no more than the most simple of gifts to give someone their dream car . 
 `` and what would be your dream car ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i gave him a warning look . 
 `` do n't even think of it . 
 i have a car . 
 i bought it with my own money , and i like it just fine . '' 
 he did n't let up , even with the clear warning in my voice . 
 `` eventually , you 'll realize that what 's mine is yours , and when you do , you can buy whatever you like . 
 i want you to start growing accustomed to the idea . '' 
 i took deep breaths as he spoke , trying to calm the panic that bloomed inside of me at his words . 
 was he trying to take over my life ? 
 it was a dark , terrifying thought for me . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i told him on a gasp . 
 his expression became more closed off , but his tone was as steady as before . 
 `` i understand that you need time . 
 i 'm trying to give you as much time as i can bear , bianca . '' 
 my eyes widened at his words . 
 clearly , the man was deranged . 
 `` we 've only known each other for a month , and most of that time we were n't even in contact with each other . 
 you call that giving me time ? '' 
 his expression , his voice , did n't alter . 
 `` the lack of contact was not of my choosing . 
 and i 've always been decisive about what i want . 
 when i see it , i take action . 
 this is just how i am . 
 i am trying to be patient , but i have no reservations about what i want from you , what i want our relationship to be . 
 i am trying to respect the fact that you do n't feel the same . 
 i 'm just asking you to start growing accustomed to the idea of living together . '' 
 i took several deep breaths , watching him sitting so calmly behind his desk . 
 `` i do n't know that i can ever give you what you want . 
 i 'm almost positive , in fact , that i ca n't . '' 
 his gaze hardened , but his voice was very even . 
 `` and i am determined to convince you otherwise . '' 
 chapter sixteen we did n't speak for a long time after his pronouncement . 
 i did n't know what to say to him . 
 he could n't know me well enough to understand how impossible what he wanted was for me . 
 i could give him control in bed , but i was utterly incapable of giving him control over the other parts of my life . 
 doing so would trap me . 
 and i knew too well that i could n't be trapped and helpless ever again . 
 it had almost destroyed me as a child . 
 it had most certainly destroyed my mother . 
 i began the prep-work for my painting , but i felt a little too distracted to work at all efficiently . 
 i sketched for nearly an hour before james spoke again . 
 `` i spoke to the manager of my l.a gallery recently . 
 she 's very excited about your debut . 
 she and my new york manager actually had a little tiff over who would get your showing . 
 due to the desert landscapes , we leaned towards an l.a showing . 
 she will start putting the showing together as soon as you give the go ahead . '' 
 i just stared at him , dumbfounded . 
 the idea of showing my work was still a foreign concept to me . 
 and so much had happened since he 'd had samples of my work shipped to his galleries . 
 `` i do n't have to attend the showing , do i ? '' 
 i asked , the thought daunting and unwelcome . 
 he looked genuinely surprised . 
 `` well , no . 
 i suppose you do n't have to . 
 but why would n't you want to ? '' 
 i gave him an exasperated look . 
 `` the press hates me . 
 they will crucify my work if they find out it 's attached to me in any way . 
 i would prefer not to use my own name for the work , as well . '' 
 he looked troubled at the thought . 
 those exquisite eyes of his were raw with it . 
 `` i 'm so sorry you 've been dragged into this media circus of a life . 
 it 's my fault they hate you . 
 the things i 've seen printed about you ... it makes me feel murderous . '' 
 i held up a hand at his tirade . 
 `` fault is n't the issue . 
 we need to deal with the issues at hand , not whose at fault . 
 and you have to admit that my showing wo n't be helped by the media attention my name and appearance would bring to it . '' 
 he flushed a little , though i could n't tell why . 
 `` please just consider attending . 
 you deserve to take pride in your work , and to get credit for it . 
 i would love it if you would allow me to escort you to the event , but by all means take some time to think about it . 
 i 'll have sandra prep your work and hold off on the date until you decide what you want to do . '' 
 i nodded that i understood , but still dwelled on it as i worked . 
 if i was brave , i would just go through with the ordeal . 
 it was n't as though i 'd be forced to read the horrible reviews about my work . 
 i was so distracted that i made a mess of my initial sketch , finally having to just toss it and start over . 
 i could hear james talking quietly on the phone or i would have turned on some music to relax . 
 finally , i put in some headphones and played the music on my phone , tucking it into the pocket of my jeans . 
 the picture started to come together after that , the sketch much closer to the image i had in my head of what i wanted . 
 we worked for hours like that , in relative peace and barely speaking . 
 we worked for so long that i even began the painting process , which sometimes took me several sessions to advance to . 
 i liked to have a very good sketch , usually , before i broke out the paint . 
 i was n't sure what it was , but suddenly , i just felt a change in the air , a shift of energy . 
 the hair on the nape of my neck stood on end , and i turned slowly to look at james . 
 he had his phone to his ear , but he watched me . 
 his eyes were ... haunted , as though he 'd just learned of a loved one 's death . 
 i moved to him , removing my earbuds . 
 he just watched me , not taking the phone from his ear . 
 `` thank you for the update . '' 
 he just listened for a long time . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 keep looking into it . 
 and double your search efforts . '' 
 he hung up after that , but watched me almost warily . 
 i perched on the desk facing him , his laptop near my hip . 
 `` what 's happened ? '' 
 i asked , knowing with a certainty that something had . 
 `` my investigators just found out from the police that your father has a warrant out not just for assault and battery , but also for murder . '' 
 he just stared at me for a long time , a torment in his eyes that was becoming familiar to me . 
 those dear eyes . 
 i cupped his cheek , bracing myself . 
 `` yes , i know , '' i told him reluctantly . 
 `` i let a murderer lay his hands on you , '' he told me in an agonized whisper . 
 i cupped his face in my other hand , as well . 
 `` that 's an unreasonable way to look at it . 
 i 've known he was a killer since i was fourteen , long before i knew you , and he 's laid his hands on me many times since then . '' 
 he blinked at me , as though my words were beginning to register past his shock and fear . 
 `` you knew he had killed someone ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , my mouth tight , my chest aching . 
 `` i 'm the one who reported him to the police , though i was nearly a decade too late . 
 it was my mother that he killed . 
 i was the only witness . 
 i was standing close enough to touch her when he did it . 
 i lied to the police for him for all these years . 
 but after this last attack , i realized that i could n't live like that anymore . 
 i ca n't run anymore , even if it means he kills me , too . '' 
 his eyes were so panicked and vulnerable that , unwillingly , i felt my own fill suddenly with tears . 
 it was hard to believe i 'd gone years without crying before i met james . 
 but the things he made me feel had opened a floodgate , and the damned thing would n't close . 
 i continued , wanting to get it all out . 
 `` i felt so guilty , for all of these years , for dishonoring her memory , for helping her killer run free , but inside i was such a scared child that i just could n't go back to the police . 
 after he killed her , they just took his word at face value , never even interviewing me in a separate room from him , and i knew that he would kill me if i told . 
 i was absolutely certain that not even the police could stop him . 
 even years later , when i had n't had contact with him at all , i tried to go to the police , but just got cold feet every time . '' 
 i brushed his hair out of his stricken face with a soft touch , wanting to comfort the things i saw in his eyes so clearly . 
 it was such a reflection of my own torment . 
 his soul was a mirror of my own . 
 perhaps his insane claim that we were made for each other was n't so very far off the mark . 
 i had known him for such a short time , but sometimes i felt i could read him so perfectly , so naturally , that it astounded me . 
 `` you ca n't bear the burden of protecting me from my father , '' i told him gently . 
 `` no one can . 
 and you could n't have known that he would seek me out to threaten me to stay silent , because you did n't know about my mother , of course . 
 but you are responsible for helping me to find the strength to finally tell the truth . 
 thank you for that . '' 
 it nearly broke me when one lone tear rolled down his cheek . 
 `` it just keeps hitting me , over and over again , that i really did come close to losing you forever . 
 i ca n't bear the thought . '' 
 his voice was a rough whisper . 
 `` and he 's still out there , loose , so you 're essentially in as much , if not more , danger than ever . 
 i 'm glad you got to finally tell the truth , but it still terrifies me what that truth might mean for you . '' 
 i traced the tear down his cheek , catching it right at his perfect jaw . 
 he did n't seem bothered by the tear . 
 he was so much braver than i with his feelings , i knew , but he still managed to surprise me with his depths . 
 i tried to put myself in his shoes briefly . 
 if his uncle was still alive , and capable of hurting him , even killing him , but just lay in wait for the right opportunity ... it would make me insane . 
 but could james feel for me what i felt for him ? 
 i just could n't picture it , even though he obviously felt at least something . 
 neither of us seemed capable of working after both of our emotional outbursts . 
 we ate dinner in silence . 
 it was a spicy chicken chili . 
 i ate quickly , polishing off the comfort food without tasting it properly . 
 we went to bed early , james mentioning that we needed to rise early to get a proper ride in , beating the worst heat of the day . 
 i got ready for bed with little comment . 
 i felt as though i had n't slept for days as i lay on his exquisitely comfortable bed and closed my eyes . 
 i sighed in contentment when i felt james wrapping himself around me . 
 i swiftly drifted into a deep and peaceful sleep . 
 chapter seventeen james woke me up with a light kiss on the forehead . 
 i blinked awake , surprised to find him already dressed in clean riding clothes and leaning over me . 
 he began to dress me without a word . 
 my riding clothes were much different this time . 
 my tight pants were made up of a thin black material , not much thicker than tights , and reached just past my knees . 
 i took note of the fact that he did n't bother with putting any panties on me . 
 he worked snug , thigh-high black chaps onto each of my legs slowly . 
 i touched the soft suede material , running my fingers over it . 
 he was arranging the chaps over my riding boots when he spoke . 
 `` the full chaps are normally worn with jeans . 
 i 'll pack a pair , for the ride back . '' 
 i digested his words , my mind going to dark , sensual places with it . 
 he pulled me to my feet , dragging my thin shift over my head in one smooth motion . 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth as he studied my nak * d torso . 
 i had to stifle the urge to cover my bare br ** sts . 
 clearly , i was not as comfortable with casual nudity as mr. beautiful . 
 he zipped me into a thick sports bra , pulling a tight , thin shirt over my head . 
 he braided my hair , keeping his hands , disappointingly , to himself . 
 i was still turned on at his every motion . 
 i closed my eyes as he spread sunblock over my face very carefully . 
 the man thought of everything . 
 he slapped my ass , hard , when he finished . 
 `` let 's go for a ride , love , '' he told me with a wicked smile , taking my hand . 
 the horses were saddled and ready when we got to the stables . 
 it was the first time i got to see james 's stallion . 
 he introduced me to devil by handing me an apple , and a warning . 
 `` careful , he bites . '' 
 i fed the huge beast carefully , admiring his exceptional coat . 
 i ran my fingers over his blue-black mane . 
 his coat was a blueish gray color , so dark it shone in the sunlight like blue fire . 
 his fur got much darker at his face , nose and feet , almost black-tipped . 
 he seemed like a stallion out of a fairy tail , his coat too astonishingly colored to be real . 
 `` he 's amazing , '' i told james , running my hands along his smooth neck . 
 another horse butted my back from behind . 
 i laughed when i saw that it was princess . 
 `` she 's jealous . '' 
 james wore an indulgent smile as he ran a hand along princess 's neck . 
 i had thought she was an exceptionally tall horse , but she was almost short compared to demon . 
 i patted her , as well . 
 james handed me another apple to give to the friendly palomino . 
 pete was nearby , but kept a careful distance . 
 he had obviously been the one to saddle the horses for us , but was wise enough to stay away from his boss after the episode of the day before . 
 he had merely nodded politely as we had passed him in the stables . 
 i had nodded back with a small smile . 
 nevertheless , james 's hand had tightened significantly at the small exchange . 
 impossibly jealous man , i thought to myself , but kept my own council . 
 `` demon is a rare blue roan thoroughbred , '' james told me , feeding a carrot to the oversized stallion . 
 `` i did n't even know that horses could be blue , '' i told him with a sheepish smile . 
 i really did n't know a thing about horses , i was quickly realizing . 
 `` normally it 's just an expression for a bluish tinge to a horse . 
 demon is a truly unusual shade , though , almost more blue than gray . '' 
 `` an outrageously beautiful horse , for an outrageously beautiful man , '' i told him with a smile . 
 he tugged on my braid , tilting my head back . 
 his eyes were hot as they looked into mine . 
 `` whatever keeps you around , love , '' he said , fitting a sleek black helmet carefully onto my head . 
 i saw with no surprise that it exactly matched his own . 
 he worked black leather gloves onto my hands , patiently working them on , tightening them at the wrists . 
 `` you know , i 'm fully capable of dressing myself , '' i told him , but i knew it was pointless . 
 i knew that he loved to tend to me , no task too insignificant for his attention . 
 he just smiled in response , kissing my leather clad knuckles . 
 he worked on his own gloves next , and i watched , transfixed , as he worked them onto his powerful hands . 
 his fingers were long and elegant , but so very strong . 
 i watched his tan hands disappear into the black leather , and flushed , remembering the feel of those gloved hands punishing me . 
 he saw my stare and gave me a wicked smile . 
 `` you remember these ? '' 
 i nodded , still watching , captivated , as he worked on the gloves . 
 even his hands were an obscenely tempting sight to me . 
 `` i love your hands . 
 so much . '' 
 my voice was already breathless . 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 i was captivated by the sight . 
 even his smooth , golden throat was perfect , and i wanted to bury my face there . 
 i had to stifle the urge . 
 he was obviously on a schedule this morning . 
 he gave me the warmest smile as his laughter faded . 
 he gave me a short , sweet kiss , and lifted me by the h * ps to mount the princess . 
 i mounted how i had been taught , swiftly trying to position myself into the seat correctly . 
 `` perfect , '' he told me , unhooking the lead rope attached to princess 's bridle and roping it over the fence post . 
 i felt a wonderful little thrill as i got to watch the amazing sight of james vaulting up onto devil in one smooth motion . 
 he was such an elegant man , but his strength was astounding . 
 muscles bunched under his tight shirt , his breeches snug enough to show the cut of his thigh muscles as he moved . 
 he passed me on his horse , pausing to finger my collar , apparent just above the neckline of my top . 
 `` i should get a lead rope for this , as well , '' he murmured , clicking his horse to go . 
 `` follow me , '' he ordered , as he rode to the gate that pete had just opened without a word . 
 i followed , princess moving into a brisk walk with the slightest pressure of my heels . 
 he led me into the thick woods , the barest hint of a trail guiding our way . 
 i admired the scenery as we walked , trying to move with the horse and keep my seat nice and smooth . 
 it was so peaceful and calm there . 
 the trees covered us in cool shade , and it was early enough that the weather was perfect for a long ride . 
 the forest always made me feel that i had been transported to another world , another time . 
 the solitude , the serenity , had my mind drifting into fantasyland . 
 the pine trees were incredibly tall there , the foliage thick and little purple wild flowers dotted the ground whimsically . 
 it was almost jarring when we passed out of the thicker forest and onto a trail pronounced and wide enough to be a small road . 
 james stopped there , waiting for me to reign in beside him . 
 he sent me a sidelong , wicked look . 
 `` how do you feel ? 
 are you sore ? '' 
 i just shook my head . 
 i sucked in a breath as he brought a gloved hand to the waist of his skin tight pants . 
 he laid his reigns on his horses neck , giving a firm command for demon to stay . 
 then he proceeded to undo the thick buttons on his pants , folding them down and under his thick manhood . 
 it jutted up proudly , already so thick and hard that my mouth watered at the sight . 
 he shrugged out of his shirt in a smooth motion , tucking it into one of his chaps . 
 i just drank in the sight of his gleaming golden flesh , always amazed at his perfection . 
 the muscles of his chiseled bronze abs were visibly working as he sat his horse . 
 somehow , his legs being covered , and being on horseback , made his nudity all the more obscene . 
 and unbelievably hot . 
 he gave me his wicked grin , and i nearly melted . 
 `` come here , '' he ordered . 
 i obeyed , my horse sidling towards him eagerly . 
 he snatched me up , swinging me to straddle him in a seemingly easy motion . 
 my eyes were on the hard play of muscles in his magnificent arms . 
 he perched me just in front of him , almost on demon 's neck . 
 `` do n't move , '' he ordered , pulling a rather large pocket knife from his boot . 
 he worked me onto his thighs , until i was just inches from his jutting cock . 
 i sucked in a startled breath as he used the knife on the waistband of my pants , cutting towards himself . 
 he cut to a few inches above the saddle , putting the knife back in his boot . 
 he ripped my pants the rest of the way off . 
 the initial sound of ripping made demon start , but james calmed him with a few soothing words , still ripping away , until i wore only the chaps . 
 my sex looked profoundly bare and obscene , surrounded by black suede chaps and nothing else , my top half still completely covered . 
 james reached behind me , rearranging the reigns , untying them to make them longer , and wrapping them around his right arm . 
 he was giving demon free reign , controlling him with his legs , as he 'd said he would teach me to do . 
 he used firm hands on my h * ps to lift me up and poised me on the tip of his erection . 
 he touched my sex with only his cock , moving his h * ps in small circles to spread my growing moisture onto his eager tip . 
 i moaned , jerking my hips . 
 i wanted him to impale me so badly , just a quick thrust to ease the ache . 
 he did , his head jerking back to look up at me , his jaw clenched at the excruciatingly tight fit . 
 he thrust straight to the hilt , and i melted around him . 
 `` oh , james , '' i cried out with feeling . 
 even with him full inside of me , i still ached . 
 my h * ps jerked in a request for movement . 
 james clicked , and demon began to walk . 
 james moved with him , an expert rider , each movement of his h * ps a little thrust inside of me . 
 my legs almost dangled behind his , my body had submitted to him so completely . 
 we watched each other as he moved inside of me , the movements half thrusts that left me gasping for more . 
 `` do you want a posting trot , bianca ? '' 
 james asked , his voice a growl . 
 i thought of the exaggerated movements of a posting trot . 
 oh god , yes , i wanted tha t. `` yes , '' i moaned . 
 `` beg me for it , '' he said , in a strangely calm voice . 
 how was he not more winded ? 
 `` please , mr. cavendish , bring us to a posting trot . '' 
 he just tsk 'd at me impatiently . 
 `` that was a sad excuse for begging , bianca . 
 now you only get the sitting trot . '' 
 he clicked demon into a trot , keeping his seat . 
 he sat the trot so smoothly , it barely increased his thrusting from the walk . 
 i moaned at him in distress , gripping his shoulders now . 
 i needed more . 
 i needed the deep thrusting that i had so quickly grown addicted to . 
 our eyes never strayed from each other , his intense turquoise gaze imprinting itself on me inexorably . 
 `` i beg you , mr. cavendish , '' i tried again . 
 `` please , f ** k me at a posting trot . 
 please , please , please . '' 
 his eyes smoldered at me , and he clicked the horse into the faster trot . 
 `` that is the tone i was looking for . 
 hold on , love . '' 
 he lifted me higher , his posting trot thrusting him into me with the longest , hardest strokes . 
 i was close to screaming within seconds of the new rhythm . 
 `` come , '' james growled , his eyelids heavy as he watched me . 
 he impaled me hard and to the hilt as he spoke , and i fell apart in his arms . 
 i was gasping , back in the ride again as he pulled out of me , dragging along each sensitive nerve . 
 i was in a fever dream as he continued to thrust . 
 i came again to his harsh command . 
 and yet again , before he found his own rough release , shouting my name , his eyes going from hard and commanding to tender as the rapture took him . 
 he kissed me , still buried deep inside of me , as we floated back to reality , demon slowing to an aimless walk . 
 i broke the spell several minutes later when i pulled back from his long kiss . 
 `` have you ever done that before ? '' 
 his eyes shuttered , and i knew i would n't like his answer . 
 `` made love on horseback ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my eyes narrowed , taking immediate exception to his wording . 
 he seemed to me to be splitting hairs . 
 `` fucked someone on horseback , '' i corrected . 
 he flushed , and my vision went a little red , knowing his answer . 
 `` i 've f ** ked a woman on horseback before , but it was n't like that . 
 it was far more technical , almost clinical . 
 it was more about seeing if it could be done , for me , than the actual doing . 
 and i was barely an adult at the time . '' 
 he studied me , his eyes wide as he read the iciness that was blooming there . 
 `` please do n't try to demean what we just shared . '' 
 i heard his words as if at a distance , my mind suddenly recalling an appalling little detail i 'd read in a tabloid , about james and jules both coming from affluent english families who both shared a long history as avid equestrians . 
 `` was it her ? '' 
 i asked in a whisper , my eyes narrowed . 
 he squeezed me more tightly against him , as if sensing a threat . 
 he buried his face in my neck before he spoke . 
 `` who are you referring to ? '' 
 i stiffened even more . 
 `` jules , '' i said , my voice going glacial . 
 i felt him sigh against me . 
 `` it was . 
 but it did n't mean anything . 
 please do n't use her to keep me at a distance . '' 
 i tried to move off of him , but he had me at a severe disadvantage , and he was n't letting me go . 
 instead , he clicked demon back into a brisk walk . 
 chapter eighteen he began to move inside of me again , his erection swiftly growing and hardening , as though it were a parlor trick . 
 i gasped , slapping at his shoulders . 
 `` you ca n't use sex to subdue me , '' i told him . 
 i was hurt and angry , but also unwillingly and wildly aroused . 
 `` you ca n't withdraw from me every time you get mad or jealous . 
 we need to talk this out . 
 i 'm not letting you go until we do . '' 
 i pulled on his hair , hard , but my h * ps were already moving unbidden with his thrusts . 
 `` you call this talking ? '' 
 `` i call this making love , and yes , talking . '' 
 he tried to smile at me . 
 i yanked on his sweaty hair . 
 he winced , but made no move to stop me . 
 `` why do you keep calling it that ? 
 why do you keep calling it making love ? '' 
 he gave me a smoldering look . 
 `` you know why . 
 you keep trying to belittle what we have , but you need to understand that it 's as new to me as it is to you . 
 i have a past . 
 a wildly sordid past . 
 i ca n't change it . 
 i would if i could . 
 you are going to run into a lot of my ex-lovers . 
 that 's an unfortunate fact . 
 it will be a lot less painful for you if you can just get it into your head that none of them were anything but a f ** k to me . 
 and f ** king was nothing to me before i met you . 
 sex was a bodily function to me before i met you . 
 that 's why i call this making love . 
 it means something to me . '' 
 `` i 've never even had a girlfriend before you , never even considered the idea . 
 i 'm sure it sounds callous , but no woman has ever been anything to me beyond a fuck , a sub , or a friend , occasionally all three , though never all of them for long . 
 they all knew the score . 
 i was brutally honest with every single one of them , without exception . 
 you are the one that i want , the one that i need . 
 so getting upset about my past , or feeling jealous of women i 've been with , is unwarranted . '' 
 he never stopped moving as he spoke , and i felt emotionally charged . 
 `` unwarranted ? '' 
 the word burst out of me , angry and wounded . 
 `` i 've years worth of pictures of you going out with jules . 
 how can you expect me to dismiss that out of hand ? '' 
 i gasped as he thrust harder , a deliberate motion , his eyes intense . 
 `` unfair , '' i muttered . 
 `` and you are hardly one to talk . 
 i was a virgin when i met you , but you 're still jealous of every man i speak to . 
 that 's unwarranted . '' 
 he lifted me up and down for several long , fast strokes before he spoke . 
 he was playing me like a drum , i knew . 
 it was very hard to stick to my point when i was insanely turned on , and in the middle of getting thoroughly f ** ked . 
 `` when i was about eighteen , the paparazzi were hounding me relentlessly , printing silly stories that drove me crazy . 
 they were hiding in the bushes when i left school . 
 it was out of control . '' 
 i tried my hardest to focus on his words , but he was n't helping , still moving inside of me tirelessly . 
 `` you know how i need control , '' he growled . 
 he thrust harder , clicking demon into a hard trot . 
 he clicked again , and the motion took us into a canter . 
 this movement was unfamiliar to my limited riding skills , and i clutched at james 's shoulders in panic . 
 his thrusts were more measured at this pace . 
 i was falling apart almost instantly . 
 `` come , '' he ordered roughly . 
 it took me over the edge . 
 he slowed back to a walk , but still did n't stop . 
 `` you know how i need control , '' he repeated . 
 `` but the things they were doing were completely out of my control , and i realized one day that the press was like a garden hose , '' he explained . 
 i blinked at him , dazed and confused . 
 `` a garden hose ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gave me a gentle smile , enjoying the complete loss of my composure . 
 `` a garden hose . 
 if you turn it on too lightly , you ca n't control the flow . 
 it just drips where it will . 
 but if you turn it to full force , you can control the flow , sending it wherever you want . 
 so i began to court the paparazzi , rather than ducking away . 
 i encouraged their attentions by charming them , and publicly , becoming an open book . 
 or rather , making it appear that way . 
 jules was my best friend 's sister , and occasionally , a very casual lover of mine , and we 'd been friends for awhile . 
 we were seen out and about together , since we traveled in the same circles . 
 i quickly noticed that she loved the attention , encouraging rumors about us shamelessly , even leaking lies to the press about us . '' 
 his eyes were solemn and serious on my face as he continued , `` i see now that it was stupid to let her take it so far , but at the time i could n't see a problem with it . 
 other women thought she and i had an open relationship , so no one tried for anything more with me . 
 it saved me from worse misunderstandings , for a time . 
 i see that it looks bad , but i want you to trust me that that 's all it was . 
 jules is not someone you need to worry about . '' 
 he began to move in earnest after that little speech , and he undid me yet again , bringing me to release at a trot . 
 i sobbed his name , gripping his hair in tight fists . 
 he came with me that time , his eyes going so soft that unwanted tears pricked my eyes . 
 he slowed demon to a walk . 
 he leaned me back slightly , his eyes moving down to where our bodies joined . 
 he ran his tongue over his model perfect teeth as he studied the sight . 
 my own gaze followed his . 
 the sight that greeted me made my barely steadied breath catch . 
 i was still impaled on him , my moisture mixing with his on the thick base of his shaft as he shifted me slightly up and back . 
 his voice was low with pleasure when he spoke . 
 `` you 're so full of my sem * n right now . 
 you 're stuffed full of my c * ck and my cum . 
 i want to keep you like this forever . 
 i might have gotten you pregnant just now , if you were n't on the pill . '' 
 his words made me stiffen , the sensual haze lifting from me in an instant . 
 i tried to shift off of him . 
 he had to help me lift off of his semi-hard length . 
 he pulled me flush against him , his c * ck between us . 
 `` wrap your arms and legs around me tightly . 
 i 'm going to dismount . 
 too much more of this and i 'll make you too raw to f ** k for days . '' 
 i did as he said . 
 `` i thought it was making love , '' i told him archly . 
 he sent me a censorious look . 
 `` sassy girl . '' 
 he set me on unsteady feet , leaning me against demon when i swayed . 
 `` get your balance . 
 i need to catch princess . '' 
 he fastened his trousers while he walked away . 
 princess was still visible , though she was quite a ways behind us . 
 it seemed she had been trailing us , albeit slowly . 
 i had n't noticed , for obvious reasons . 
 demon did n't protest as i leaned against him heavily , watching james stride to princess purposefully , vaulting onto her back in that smooth motion that seemed impossible , given the height . 
 he rode her back to us at a smooth canter , stopping smoothly beside us and dismounting with the grace of a panther . 
 he studied me from head to foot , his eyes lingering appreciatively on the sight of my bared sex . 
 he moved to a pouch on his saddle as he spoke . 
 `` i take it from your reaction that you do n't want children any time soon . '' 
 his tone was almost idle , as though it were the most casual topic in the world . 
 i looked at him incredulously . 
 `` or ever . 
 i 'm way too f ** ked up to ever be a mother , '' i said , my tone final . 
 he did n't take the hint . 
 `` why would you think that ? 
 because of your childhood ? '' 
 he turned to look at me as he pulled a rolled up pair of jeans from the pouch . 
 `` yes , of course , because of that . 
 my mind is too clouded with dark things . 
 mother 's are supposed to be , i do n't know , happy , and full of love . 
 they should be able to give and receive love , and i 'm not sure i 'm capable of that . '' 
 i flushed at what i 'd revealed . 
 i was embarrassed by how screwed up i was , but he needed to know . 
 he moved to me as i spoke , cupping my cheeks , his eyes impossibly tender . 
 `` oh , bianca , that 's just not true . 
 you think only the people with perfect childhoods should be parents ? '' 
 i mulled it over , finding the answer easily . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` you probably think someone like me should never be a father . '' 
 i blinked , mortified that he would think such a thing . 
 `` of course not . 
 i think you 'll be great at it , when you have children . 
 you 're so patient , and controlled . '' 
 he stroked my cheeks , giving me a look so intense that i had to fight the urge not to look away . 
 it was so much like trying to stare into the sun . 
 `` so will you . 
 but if you never want to have children , i can live with that , as well . '' 
 my heart stopped , just stopped , then began to pound as though i 'd just run a marathon . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 he kissed me , a long , heated kiss . 
 `` nothing . 
 you just are n't ready to talk about this . 
 i do n't want to scare you off again . '' 
 i took deep breaths , trying not to panic at what i knew he 'd almost said . 
 he shrugged the whole thing off , slinging my jeans over his shoulder and digging back into the saddlebag . 
 he pulled out some packed wet cloths , unbuttoning his trousers to wipe our mingled fluids off . 
 i watched him touch himself , biting my lip . 
 how could i still want him with such desperation when he 'd just had me , again and again ? 
 i did n't know , but there it was . 
 he disposed of the wipe in a small bag , taking out more wipes to clean me . 
 his gaze was scorching as he cleaned me , eyeing me from top to bottom in a sexy once over . 
 `` keep looking at me like that if you want to get f ** ked against a horse , '' he warned . 
 i looked away , moving against his searching fingers as he cleaned me . 
 he smacked my bare ass roughly with his other hand . 
 `` i 'm trying not to f ** k you raw . 
 do n't make it harder . '' 
 his tone was so stern that i just got more turned on . 
 i closed my eyes , still biting my lip . 
 he growled , dragging me over to a tree . 
 he placed my hands against the rough trunk . 
 `` do n't move an inch . 
 you need a good spanking . 
 you 're just lucky that you need to ride back , or i 'd spank you raw , you little minx . '' 
 i arched my back , my body running the show . 
 he growled again , and began to spank me , his leather-clad gloves smarting at the first blow . 
 i moaned , shifting around . 
 he stopped after ten , breathing hard . 
 he was entering me without warning an instant later , cupping my br ** sts , his breath rough and heavy in my ear . 
 `` just one quick , gentle ride . 
 i ca n't f ** king think straight , i want you so bad . 
 do n't move , this needs to be quick and soft . '' 
 i let out a ragged laugh at his description of being f ** ked against a tree by his impressive c * ck ` gentle ' and ` soft ' . 
 it was n't the jarring ride i usually craved . 
 he moved in and out of me smoothly , crying out in my ear as he came , too fast for me to even keep up . 
 i was shocked at his release . 
 he usually went for so long before coming himself . 
 but , of course , he did n't leave me unsatisfied for long . 
 he was turning me , kneeling in front of me , ripping a glove off impatiently with his teeth . 
 he buried his face between my legs with a rough moan , and i screamed as he purposefully made me come , using his tongue and fingers and just the barest hint of teeth , my hands gripping his silky hair all the while . 
 he cleaned us up again after that , shaking his head ruefully all the while . 
 he had to strip off my chaps before he worked me into my panties and then tight jeans . 
 they were new , but still fit perfectly . 
 i was n't even surprised by it anymore . 
 he worked the chaps back up my legs swiftly and efficiently , as though he 'd done it a thousand times . 
 i tried my best not to dwell on that fact . 
 `` i never thought i 'd have the urge to f ** k someone to death , '' he muttered . 
 i giggled . 
 he gave me a little smirk as he led me back to princess . 
 he helped me mount , and i turned quickly , wanting to see him execute his own perfect mount once again . 
 he did so effortlessly , taking the lead as we headed back to the ranch . 
 `` did you need to get back to vegas today or tomorrow ? '' 
 james asked , glancing back at me . 
 i grimaced , thinking about it . 
 `` tonight . 
 i 'd hate to push it and hit bad weather . '' 
 he sighed with resignation . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll have lunch and head out . '' 
 chapter nineteen we were heading back to vegas in way too short a time . 
 so much had happened in our short reprieve . 
 james had weakened my resolve to keep my distance in that way he had , with his persistence and his willpower . 
 he was not a man to be deterred . 
 and for whatever reason , he seemed resolute in his desire to be with me . 
 and wanting me for something more permanent than i 'd ever thought he would even consider . 
 living together did n't terrify me , as marriage did , but i could n't say that i was even approaching comfortable with it . 
 we were both quiet for the drive , and then the flight . 
 i did n't mind . 
 i had a lot to think about , and james seemed lost in his own thoughts , not even getting his laptop out to get some work done on the flight . 
 `` we 'll stay at your house tonight , '' james said , as we touched down in vegas . 
 it was the first thing he 'd said in an hour . 
 i studied him . 
 he seemed a little distant , a little sad . 
 `` i 'm having some work done on my place , '' he explained . 
 `` i 'll finally give you a tour of the property sometime next week . '' 
 i just nodded , but he had n't been asking me a question . 
 we went to bed early that night . 
 james could see that i was exhausted from the riding and the traveling , and oh yeah , the phenomenal f ** king . 
 he did his kinky little exam of my body . 
 it had become a habit of his . 
 i felt well enough , mostly tired , and a little sore , but he insisted on checking every inch of me . 
 he softly kissed shadow bruises still on my ribs and back , the abrasions on my wrists and ankles , and even turned me around to check my butt , for soreness from the saddle . 
 he studied my sex last , his eyes heavy-lidded as he touched me ever so gently , fingers sifting through my folds . 
 `` you 've got to be the kinkiest wannabe doctor on the planet , '' i told him with a half smile . 
 his mouth turned up faintly at the corners . 
 he took it as a challenge . 
 the comment seemed to inspire him to be kinkier . 
 he 'd brought a glass of ice water into the room , and he grabbed it from the beside table , taking a long drink . 
 one of his hands still held my inner thigh , keeping my legs pushed wide apart and my body pinned to my spot right at the edge of the mattress . 
 he bent , burying his face between my legs . 
 i gasped as he pushed an ice cube inside of me with his clever tongue . 
 he lapped at me like a cat for a moment before straightening again . 
 he took another long drink , repeating the process . 
 my hands fisted in his silky hair , begging him silently for release , but he took his time . 
 he stroked me , and licked me , and sat back , just to look at me , again and again . 
 he pushed a finger into me , thrusting , but i wanted more . 
 `` please , james , i want you inside of me . '' 
 he bit the bottom lip of that pretty mouth , but did n't respond , just kept up the process . 
 i was shivering , chills wracking me from both desire and the delectable feeling of cold ice inside of me . 
 he had shoved five cubes in deep . 
 he took another ice cube and began to run it along my belly , circling my navel in almost lazy motions . 
 next he ran the ice up along my ribs , then traced my sternum . 
 my n ** ples were already pebbled long before he 'd payed them any personal attention . 
 i shivered and shuddered as he finally circled a quivering nipple . 
 the ice was n't the only cold thing he 'd brought into the bedroom with us , i realized after endless minutes of his teasing . 
 his very demeanor was cold tonight , his eyes icy as he worked on me slowly , torturously . 
 `` am i being punished ? '' 
 i asked him finally , when he held back from letting me come , pulling his busy fingers out of me just short of release . 
 he smiled , and even the smile was cold . 
 `` not exactly . 
 this is only a lesson , bianca . 
 i 'm doing this to you for one simple reason . 
 because i can . 
 this is what it means to be my submissive . '' 
 i writhed at that , his calculated actions bringing out a shivering fear that , perversely , made me want him even more . 
 `` will you be f ** king me tonight ? 
 or is this all a tease ? 
 because you can ? '' 
 in answer , he buried his face between my legs again , his tongue circling my clit , his fingers going back to work inside of me . 
 i felt the ice cubes clink together , and i moaned , right on the edge of orgasm . 
 he straightened , leaving me bereft . 
 he stood , stripping out of his boxer briefs in one smooth motion . 
 he was hard . 
 at this point , i would have been more shocked if he was n't . 
 he stroked himself , looking down at me with that hard , stony expression . 
 i bit my lip as i watched him stroke himself , once , twice . 
 i was sobbing on his third stroke , drawing my legs up to my chest , wanting to touch myself , anything to ease the ache that the ice inside of me only antagonized . 
 i pushed my legs down , lifting my h * ps into the air in a silent plea . 
 he stopped abruptly . 
 `` no , '' he finally answered . 
 `` i 'm punishing myself tonight , so i wo n't be f ** king you . 
 only you get to come tonight . '' 
 he bent down , and began the torture all over again . 
 he 'd said i could come , but he had n't said when , and he left me wanting for long minutes that felt like hours . 
 the first ice had melted , with new cubes replacing it , before he finally sucked me into a cli ** x so hard that i sobbed out his name at the end , tears running down my cheeks . 
 he tried to hold me afterwards , and i turned away , trying to roll out of his reach . 
 but my bed was n't that big , and he was determined . 
 he swatted my butt for the effort . 
 `` do n't turn away from me , '' he said in a hard voice , pulling my back against him . 
 i tried to fall asleep , but he began to touch me again , kneading my br ** sts until i was arching my back , brushing my backside against his stiff length . 
 `` you can take me there , '' i told him , brushing my backside against him again . 
 i hated that he was denying himself , whatever the reason . 
 he purred against me . 
 `` no release for me , not tonight . 
 i keep pushing you too hard , even though you 're injured and unaccustomed to this . 
 i need a torturous night to reflect on my sins . 
 keep teasing me . 
 i deserve it . '' 
 i stopped rubbing my butt against him , not willing to help him in that regard . 
 he bit my neck , one hand snaking down to stroke my sex . 
 `` you do n't want me to suffer , love ? 
 you do n't agree with the punishment i 've chosen for myself ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said on a gasp . 
 he plunged his large fingers into me , starting up an exquisite rhythm . 
 `` i want to bring you pleasure , not punishment , '' i told him . 
 he grunted . 
 `` well , it 's not up to you , is it ? '' 
 he asked , his fingers quickening , bringing me to orgasm quickly this time , a stark contrast to what he 'd done to me the first time . 
 he kept his fingers inside of me , a hand gripping my breast , and his stiff erection still pressed firmly against my butt . 
 `` go to sleep , love , '' he whispered harshly in my ear . 
 i was so exhausted that i actually did . 
 james woke me in the morning in much the way he 'd put me to bed , his hand stroking me , his other kneading at my breast . 
 he was sucking on that perfect spot on my neck , his rigid c * ck grinding against my butt in rhythm to his fingers . 
 `` are you awake ? '' 
 he asked into my ear . 
 `` yes . 
 please , i need you inside me . 
 please do n't deprive yourself again . '' 
 i arched my back as i spoke . 
 he shifted me onto my back , but stayed on his side . 
 he dragged me around until my wet entrance was pointed at his stiff member , throwing my legs over his hip . 
 my head was nearly hanging off the side of the bed . 
 one of his arms was used to prop him up , but his other hand was free to roam over my body . 
 he lingered on my br ** sts , plucking at my n ** ples . 
 `` i 'm going to have special rings designed for these , '' he said , and rammed into me . 
 i did n't have a chance to ask him what he meant . 
 i was too busy gasping as he began a jolting rhythm , still pulling on my br ** sts . 
 `` i 'll make them match your collar and your earrings . 
 i want you dripping in diamonds . 
 i 'll decorate all of your chains with them . 
 before i 'm done with you , every part of your body will be stamped with my ownership . '' 
 my hands fisted in the sheets . 
 it was all i could reach in this position . 
 i used my legs to move with his thrusts , and he groaned in approval . 
 he had us both coming in swift moments , impatient from his night of torture . 
 `` did you get any sleep last night ? '' 
 i asked him as we lay panting , spent . 
 `` a little . 
 though every time i drifted off , i woke up trying to violate you in your sleep . 
 i need to rethink that punishment , i think . '' 
 i shifted until i could kiss him . 
 it was a long , sweet kiss . 
 he was surprisingly passive for it , as if he was curious to see what i would do . 
 i pulled back , touching his cheek . 
 i knew my tenderness showed in my eyes . 
 `` get a little more sleep . 
 please ? 
 at least rest while i go try to scrounge up breakfast . '' 
 he must have been exhausted , because he nodded , closing his eyes . 
 he did n't open them as he raised my hand to his lips , kissing it softly . 
 i rose , pulling a sheet over him , and impulsively kissing his forehead before throwing on my tiny , nearly transparent shift . 
 i grabbed a thong from my drawer full of the lacy things , even knowing i would be changing again soon , since i needed to shower after breakfast . 
 i padded into the kitchen , getting out anything i could find that went well with eggs . 
 i cursed when i heard the loud sound of the garbage truck driving down my little street . 
 i had already forgotten to put out my trash can the week before . 
 i really needed to get it out to the curb before the truck passed my house . 
 i would n't normally go out front in my tiny slip of a nightgown , but i did n't have a spare moment to change . 
 besides , i 'll be quick . 
 i told myself . 
 i just needed to drag my one full garbage can out of the garage and onto the curb , then dart back in . 
 and this was vegas . 
 see-through clothing was hardly unheard of , even in public . 
 i moved into the garage , punching the button to open my garage door . 
 i was already dragging the can underneath the door when it was only halfway up . 
 i was relieved to see that the garbage truck was a few houses away . 
 i had made it in time . 
 i did n't notice the strange man blatantly photographing me until i was at the curb , lining up my garbage can . 
 i saw him , and just froze while he took shot after shot of me . 
 i was n't galvanized into action until he looked up from the large camera , leering at me . 
 `` thank you , ms. karlsson . 
 looking hot this morning . '' 
 he was a paunchy man , in his late forties , i guessed . 
 just the look on his face made my stomach churn . 
 i was turning to rush back into the house when all hell broke loose . 
 a large man in a suit grabbed the greasy photographer , handling him roughly at the same time that the garage door into the kitchen burst open , a frantic , boxer clad james sprinting out . 
 i heard clicks behind me , the photographer somehow managing to get a few shots of james , even while being restrained by a man much larger than himself . 
 it was almost impressive . 
 i watched james 's face as he took in the mess , watched it change from frantic to livid in a heartbeat . 
 he looked like he wanted to murder the man as he strode to me , glaring at the paparazzi the entire time . 
 he stepped in front of me , blocking me from view . 
 `` get inside , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 i had seen his face . 
 i could n't imagine , from his look , that he did n't plan to do the man violence . 
 `` come inside with me , please , '' i pleaded with him , my voice pitched low . 
 `` go , bianca . 
 now . '' 
 i hugged his back , not wanting him to get into trouble for some scumbag photographer . 
 `` you look like you 're going to attack him , james . 
 i do n't want you to go to jail . '' 
 even as i spoke , i heard a few more clicks from that damn camera . 
 the man was fearless . 
 `` i would rather f ** king go to jail than let him leave with those pictures of you . 
 now go inside . '' 
 `` your man over there can handle it , '' i said , my cheek against his back . 
 `` and who will protect me , if you 're in jail ? 
 would it be worth it , if something happened to me while you were gone ? '' 
 i felt horrible saying it , and i knew it was n't even a sound argument , but i was desperate to get him to walk away , and i thought it would at least get his attention . 
 some scandalous pictures of me were not my biggest concern . 
 he shuddered , and i felt a rush of relief . 
 he turned into me , still using his body to block me from view , and ushered me back into the garage . 
 `` get those f ** king pictures off of his camera , stimpson , or it 's your f ** king job ! '' 
 james barked over his shoulder , not slowing . 
 `` what the f ** k were you thinking ? '' 
 james burst out the second he 'd shut the door from the garage into my kitchen . 
 `` do you like giving the world a f ** king show ? '' 
 i stiffened at his words , raised nearly to a rage-filled shout . 
 i did n't respond , raising my chin and walking woodenly through my house and into my bathroom . 
 if he was going to take his anger out on me in a way i could n't handle , i supposed it was better that i find out sooner rather than later . 
 i tried to stay calm , but my whole body was shaking as i waited to see what he 'd do next . 
 i tossed off my scanty clothes before stepping into the shower , turning it on , the cold spray hitting me for several seconds before it began to warm . 
 i just stood under the spray , unmoving , for several minutes . 
 it was a long time before james joined me . 
 i felt him more than saw him , since my eyes were closed . 
 he hugged me very carefully from behind . 
 my first instinct was to pull away , but i let him hold me . 
 i could feel him trembling , and the thought of hurting him , when he was as vulnerable as i , was abhorrent to me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , love . 
 of course you were just taking out your trash , like a normal person . 
 i should n't have taken my anger out on you . 
 i 'm sorry i raised my voice . 
 i would never put my hands on you in anger . 
 whatever demons i may have , i do n't have that in me . 
 but i saw that scared look on your face when i raised my voice . 
 i hate myself for putting it there . '' 
 i did n't say anything , but i did n't push him away , either . 
 he washed me , his touch gentle . 
 `` will you come to the hotel with me today ? 
 you can do a spa day while i get a few things done . '' 
 as he spoke , he lathered my hair . 
 i sighed , feeling weak from the morning 's drama . 
 why not do a spa day ? 
 i asked myself , seriously considering the idea . 
 i never got to do things like that . 
 i did n't have to work until evening , and james would spend ridiculous amounts of money on me , spa day or not . 
 it was really a drop in the bucket at this point . 
 `` you can invite anyone you want . 
 they 'll give you the royal treatment , as well as any of your friends . 
 just invite stephan , and tell him to get the word out . 
 you could have a flight attendant reunion at the spa , if you want . 
 my resort has one of the best in town . '' 
 i caved at the plea in his voice . 
 he was like a child , grasping for a way to make amends . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said . 
 i sounded like a brat to my own ears . 
 `` thank you , james . 
 that 's considerate . 
 you 're considerate . '' 
 wet lips kissed my cheek almost sloppily . 
 it was so unlike him that i let out a little giggle . 
 `` thank you . 
 nothing makes me happier than taking care of you , in any way that i can . '' 
 his voice was a raw whisper against my skin . 
 i turned and hugged him , his vulnerability almost palpable to me at that moment . 
 `` you make me so happy , bianca . 
 i was just angry with myself , that i 'd failed to protect you , yet again . '' 
 `` oh , james . 
 what am i going to do with you ? 
 a few stupid pictures are n't going to hurt me . '' 
 `` when i heard the garage door opening , my heart stopped . 
 just the thought of you being outside by yourself , when your father is still on the loose , makes me panicky . '' 
 `` i obviously was n't alone , with that bodyguard out there . 
 seems to me like you had your bases covered . '' 
 he stiffened up at that . 
 `` what took him so f ** king long to react ? 
 that 's what i want to know . '' 
 i kissed the center of his chest , right in that little indent between his well muscled pectorals . 
 i loved that spot . 
 i filled my palm with shampoo , reaching up high to lather his honey-colored hair . 
 i smiled at him as the motion dragged my chest against his . 
 he bent down to give me better access , leaning his forehead onto my shoulder . 
 i washed him as he had washed me . 
 it was the first time he 'd allowed me to tend to him as tenderly as he so often did to me . 
 `` do you mind me touching you like this ? 
 is that why you avoid letting me do this to you , usually ? '' 
 he shook his head , his eyes closed . 
 his voice was a rasp in my ear . 
 `` not you . 
 i love any touch from you . 
 it feels caring , and i want that . 
 i want so much for you to care for me . '' 
 my heart hurt a little at his words . 
 i wanted to reassure him , but the words were a lump in my throat . 
 he just hugged me tightly , not pressing me for the words . 
 if he had wanted a woman who could express her feelings easily , i supposed he would n't have chosen me . 
 `` move in with me . '' 
 his words were quiet but heartfelt . 
 i sighed . 
 he was an undeniable force . 
 a few short days , and it was nearly impossible to tell him no . 
 `` how about this ? 
 we 'll spend more time together . 
 if we 're in the same city , we 'll have sleepovers , just like we 've done the last few days . '' 
 he just about squeezed the breath out of me . 
 `` thank you , '' he rasped , and began to kiss me . 
 his hands were everywhere , his mouth hot , as he backed me against the shower wall . 
 when he felt my hot center and found it wet , he lifted me against him , impaling me brutally . 
 `` tell me if you 're sore , '' he said roughly . 
 he leaned my back against the tiled wall and began to thrust . 
 i was sore , deliciously sore , but i would n't have told him so for anything . 
 then he might have stopped the heavenly orgasm that built as he pounded into me . 
 i watched his lovely face , as he had taught me , as he moved , my hands grasping his shoulders . 
 his face was wet , his golden skin so perfect . 
 i thought he looked like an angel , with his wet hair trailing into his face . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' i told him quietly , but he still heard me over the spray . 
 he clearly enjoyed my admiration , his body shuddering in preparation for his cli ** x. i felt him shuddering down to my toes , and it tipped me over the edge . 
 i cupped his cheek as we came together . 
 it was so intimate that it should have made me cold , or uncomfortable , or even repulsed , but it did n't . 
 more and more , i was craving this intimacy , not running from it . 
 chapter twenty after we 'd showered and dressed , i found my phone , intending to text stephan about the spa day . 
 james held up a hand . 
 `` let me talk to him . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 he tapped it . 
 `` why do you need to tell him ? '' 
 i asked , suspicious . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i dropped it , seeing by his innocent expression that i would have better luck asking stephan what james was texting him . 
 `` i 'm going to cook some eggs for breakfast , unless you object , '' i told him , pulling on an old sundress . 
 i figured i 'd get dressed for real after we ate . 
 i did n't even bother with underwear . 
 he gave me a heated kiss . 
 he tasted unbelievably good . 
 he always did . 
 i sucked at his hot mouth , and he groaned , pulling away . 
 he smiled and slapped my ass . 
 i beat a hasty retreat . 
 at this rate , we would f ** k each other until we starved to death . 
 i was walking to the kitchen , phone still clutched in my hand , when it began to ring . 
 i glanced at the face . 
 i recognized the number , since i 'd missed several calls from the same 702 number over the past month . 
 impulsively i answered . 
 i did n't like mysteries , and i wanted to know who kept calling me so persistently . 
 `` hello , '' i said into the phone . 
 there was no response on the other end , just silence with the faintest hint of soft music in the background . 
 three heartbeats later the phone disconnected from the other end . 
 my brow was furrowed as i set my phone on the counter and began to cook breakfast . 
 the calls were strange , but hardly something to let myself be bothered about . 
 i resolved not to let myself dwell on them . 
 i made a huge portion of eggs and whatever else i could find that went with them . 
 peppers , onions , ham , smoked turkey , with some extra sharp cheddar to top it off . 
 it was a better breakfast then i 'd thought i could come up with , so i was rather pleased with the effort . 
 james ate a ridiculous amount of it . 
 his plate had to be filled with at least five eggs worth , but he cleared it in short order . 
 he ate it as though he 'd never had such fine food in his life , when the reality was , it was just what i could scrounge up , since i was often out of town . 
 still , i appreciated his enthusiasm . 
 i should n't have been surprised to find new additions to my closet , both for me and for james . 
 it was stuffed full , whereas before it had been rather sparse . 
 i sent him an arch look as i noticed the change . 
 he did n't even seem to notice , looking through my new clothes . 
 he pulled a pair of tiny white cargo shorts off of a hanger , handing them to me . 
 they were shorter than anything i owned . 
 he picked out a little gold tank top with geometric designs printed across it in black and white . 
 he handed it to me without a word . 
 i raised my brows at his arbitrary choices , but i put them on without a protest . 
 i could at least see how they fit , and how they looked . 
 the shorts were very short , but stretchier than they looked , and oddly comfortable . 
 i had n't ever owned a pair of white shorts that i could remember . 
 i checked my panty line carefully , a little worried that my pink thong would show through , but the material seemed solid enough . 
 the top was comfortable , hanging rather loosely to my hips . 
 i decided i liked james 's choices as i studied the outfit in the mirror . 
 it was flattering but tasteful . 
 well , as tasteful as short shorts could be . 
 i was nearly done with my easy hair and minimal makeup by the time james emerged from the closet , dressed and looking fabulous , as always . 
 his attire was different than any i 'd seen him wear before . 
 he wore white linen shorts that clung to his h * ps deliciously . 
 my eyes lingered there the longest . 
 he wore a loose , brilliant blue dress shirt , sleeves rolled up and open at the collar . 
 the color set off his eyes and his tan to perfection . 
 i was surprised that he was dressed down . 
 i did n't imagine that anyone at his resort had ever seen him in anything but a three-piece suit . 
 he looked like he was about to go on vacation in the hamptons , not spend a few hours working . 
 `` that looks nice , '' i told him as he approached my vanity , hovering behind me . 
 `` i 'm surprised to see you in anything but a suit , though , for the hotel . '' 
 he just shrugged , studying me with that razor focus of his . 
 he reached past me , digging into the silver box of jewelry that had followed us from wyoming . 
 i 'd taken off my collar before showering , and he clasped it back around my neck without a word . 
 i fingered it as he reached back into the box , pulling out a pair of huge , princess cut diamond earrings i 'd never seen before . 
 he put them on me without a word , pressing against my back intimately . 
 `` it 's all too much , james , '' i said , but did n't take them off . 
 he seemed to need to do this , to shower me in gifts . 
 i should have put up more of a fight , i knew , but his warm gaze stopped me . 
 it pleased him to do this , and it killed any urge i had to stop him when i realized just how much it pleased him . 
 he reached into the large jewelry box again , pulling out a good-sized black jewelry box . 
 i pursed my lips , knowing he had done yet another outrageous thing . 
 he opened the box , showing me matching diamond cuffs . 
 the were thick , twinkling with more tiny diamonds than i could even guess at . 
 it did n't escape me that they looked like jewel encrusted shackles . 
 he studied my wrists , running a light finger over the abrasions still visible there . 
 `` these will have to wait a few days , i think . '' 
 he snapped the case closed , putting it back . 
 he pressed a palm flat against my stomach , pressing me harder against him . 
 his other hand snaked down to my inner thighs , pressing past my scanty shorts and panties . 
 it was shocking how fast and easily he could access me there . 
 i sucked in a breath as he worked a long finger into me . 
 i sought out his hot gaze in the mirror . 
 he watched his hand as though transfixed . 
 `` my dresser is getting you more shorts like this . 
 not only do your legs look phenomenal , i can also do this anytime i please . 
 got ta love that kind of access . '' 
 regrettably , he extricated his finger rather quickly , kissing the back of my head . 
 he sighed heavily before moving away . 
 he went back into my closet , returning with two pairs of shoes that i had n't put in there . 
 he slipped on a pair of white loafers that set his golden skin off to perfection , handing a pair of bright blue wedge heels to me . 
 i saw immediately that they matched his shirt . 
 in spite of myself , i smiled . 
 `` it seems you know the contents of my closet better than i do nowadays , mr. cavendish . '' 
 my tone was arch as i bent down to fasten the heels onto my feet . 
 they were comfortable for three and a half inch heels , i had to admit . 
 he did n't respond , just smirked , waiting for me . 
 `` how did you get so much stuff into my house without my noticing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he pursed his lips , taking my arm and leading me out of the bedroom , making a beeline for the front door . 
 `` stephan let my dresser in . 
 when will i be getting my own set of keys ? '' 
 i stiffened . 
 it did n't escape me that he had somehow turned the conversation around on me . 
 `` why would you need them ? '' 
 he sighed , aiming a hooded look at me as we walked out the front door . 
 i did n't even question that we would take his car . 
 i could n't picture him in my own small car . 
 a new , creepy photographer had taken up residence on my sidewalk . 
 however , he was n't snapping pictures when we walked out . 
 he was far too occupied arguing with an intimidating clark . 
 clark shifted in front of the man , blocking us from his view as soon as we were spotted . 
 i could n't imagine the man got any clear pictures of us as james ushered me swiftly into the car . 
 clark did n't get out of the man 's face until we were safely ensconced . 
 `` very good , clark , '' james said as clark slid into his seat . 
 clark nodded and began to drive . 
 `` i fired stimpson , sir . 
 i 'm very sorry about what happened this morning . 
 i thought he was more reliable , or he never would have gotten the job . '' 
 `` thank you , '' james said , clutching my hand tightly . 
 `` was he at least successful at retrieving all of the pictures taken ? '' 
 clark 's voice was quietly furious when he answered . 
 `` he claims he did , but it 's impossible to say . 
 i only have his account of events . '' 
 james 's grip tightened almost painfully . 
 `` i should have handled it myself , '' james said darkly . 
 he closed the privacy screen after that , brooding quietly for most of the drive . 
 it was n't until we were nearly at the hotel that he spoke . 
 the impressive resort was visible from far away . 
 i watched it as we drew closer and closer . 
 `` have you been to the property before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i have n't . '' 
 i remembered all of the buzz when it first re-opened two or three years ago . 
 it was one of the swankier casinos on the strip , with five star restaurants and a nightclub hotspot that was quite famous , and i had heard a lot of people mention the large shopping mall attached to it . 
 but i rarely went on the strip , and when i did , it was usually to meet with friends , and never at the more overpriced hotel/casinos . 
 he kissed my hand . 
 `` i 'll have to show you around on the way to the spa . 
 stephan said he 'd meet you there . 
 it sounds like he got quite a few friends to come , considering that it was such short notice . '' 
 i smiled , thinking of stephan 's reaction to a spa day . 
 it sooo was n't his thing . 
 `` did he gripe about the spa ? '' 
 james grinned . 
 `` he did . 
 but i told him you missed him , and it was enough . 
 has he never done a spa day before ? '' 
 i shook my head , laughing . 
 `` neither of us have . 
 that sort of thing is ungodly expensive . '' 
 we pulled up to the huge entrance that read cavendish hotelandcasino as he spoke . 
 `` well , you 'll be getting the royal treatment today , i can assure you . 
 and you can go every day of the week , if you want to . 
 i will inform the staff that you have carte blanche status . '' 
 i did n't bother to protest . 
 i knew i would n't be making much use of that extravagance . 
 i felt spoiled enough just going today . 
 he led me through the shopping mall first , as that was where we had entered . 
 he wrapped a possessive arm around the back of my waist , his hand gripping my hip warmly . 
 i put my hand over his as he ushered me around , giving me a short but thorough tour of the shops . 
 he introduced me to several managers throughout the mall , but i knew i would n't remember hardly any of their names . 
 only the female owner of the casino 's famous tattoo shop stood out . 
 she had dark hair streaked with blue and a pouty red mouth , every inch of her exposed skin covered in ink . 
 and she had a lot of of exposed skin . 
 she wore a half shirt and cut-off jean shorts that were so short they made mine look overly modest . 
 she smiled at me warmly , but i stiffened immediately at the sight of her . 
 i had seen her and james photographed together in several pictures online . 
 it was rumored that they 'd had a steamy affair . 
 there was a reality tv series filmed at her shop , i suddenly recalled reading . 
 her name was frankie , and i tried not to be openly rude to her , but it was a struggle . 
 james embraced the woman , showing an easy affection with her that made my vision go a little red and hazy . 
 he introduced me simply by name , not giving me a title or explaining our relationship . 
 we moved on quickly . 
 i was tense and stiff after that meeting . 
 i knew it was unreasonable to be jealous and moody after that , but i still could n't shake it . 
 james led me through the shopping mall and the restaurants , through the expansive casino , and lastly , through the hotel portion and into the spa . 
 i was happy to see my group of friends as james led me into the swanky waiting lounge that led to the salon and spa . 
 it was an impressive group on such short notice . 
 but then again , who would turn down a free spa day ? 
 stephan was waiting in the luxurious waiting area , flanked by a laughing group that consisted mostly of girls . 
 the only exception sat rather close beside him . 
 javier looked happier than i 'd ever seen him as he laughed at something stephan had said . 
 marnie , judith , brenda , and jessa flanked the cute couple , chattering excitedly . 
 marnie and judith jumped up , squealing in delight when they spotted james and i . 
 they hugged me , thanking james as they did so , talking over each other and giggling all the while . 
 i glanced at james . 
 he smiled indulgently , waving at stephan , who waved back with a nod , as though answering a silent question . 
 the two men in my life seemed to be developing their own language of sorts . 
 perversely , i found that fact both heartwarming and disconcerting . 
 james addressed the group . 
 `` please , everyone , enjoy yourselves . 
 do n't hesitate to avail yourselves of any of the spa and salon services that you wish to . 
 it 's my treat , of course . '' 
 he just smiled and nodded when all six of them thanked him at nearly the same time . 
 he turned to me , leaning down to kiss me softly on the cheek . 
 `` i 'll miss you , love . 
 take your time . 
 i 'll be awhile . 
 if you need to get ahold of me , call my cel , '' he whispered the words into my ear softly , then departed . 
 chapter twenty-one no one even bothered to wait for james to get out of earshot before they started talking about him . 
 everyone seemed to be in agreement . 
 james was dreamy , and sweet , and fabulous in every way imaginable . 
 i took all of their dreamy gushing and goodnatured advice with a wry smile . 
 stephan rose and kissed my cheek , smiling . 
 `` you 're glowing . 
 things going well ? '' 
 he asked , his voice pitched low , but i still heard him over the loud women , who were still extolling james 's obvious charms . 
 i just nodded . 
 `` are you glad that you finally agreed to see him ? '' 
 he asked , his voice almost chiding . 
 i shot him a look , but knew he had a point . 
 a spa hostess approached me , looking harried . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , ms. karlsson . 
 we are ready for you now . 
 i apologize for the wait . 
 which service would your party like to begin with . '' 
 i just blinked at her for a long moment . 
 i did n't even know what services there were , and i had n't even been waiting for more than maybe five minutes , tops . 
 i looked to my group for help . 
 `` what first ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 i figured someone there had to have a preference . 
 judith did n't hesitate . 
 `` the deluxe package how it 's listed should be perfect . 
 massage first , i think . '' 
 the hostess nodded , looking relieved . 
 `` yes , right this way . '' 
 she led us into another waiting area . 
 it was even more posh than the first one , with stone walls and opaque glass throughout . 
 there was a tea bar , but before we could serve ourselves , the hostess introduced us to our own personalized attendants . 
 mine was a delicately petite asian girl named mina . 
 she seemed anxious and nervous as she asked me what i would like to drink . 
 `` i can get you literally anything , ms. karlsson . 
 please do n't hesitate to ask . '' 
 it was an intimidating request . 
 i would rather have just had a menu . 
 `` tea , please . '' 
 she named off ten different teas that the spa boasted . 
 `` i 'll take the youthberry oolong infused with lemongrass . 
 plain , thank you , '' i told her . 
 she seemed relieved , as though she 'd been worried i would request something more complicated . 
 she brought a tea service tray to the table in front of me , and prepared my tea as though it were a ritual . 
 i thought it was charming . 
 i told her so . 
 she looked up , beaming at me . 
 `` i trained in japan , when i was little . 
 you should see my mother . 
 her tea service puts mine to shame . '' 
 she finally poured the impressively prepared cup of tea , then left briefly , returning with trays of food . 
 there was fruit , vegetables , tiny sandwiches , hors d'oeuvres , and cheese and crackers . 
 she brought tray after tray , and i took little samples from each . 
 all of my friends were getting the same treatment in comfortable seats around the stone lined room . 
 it was almost like being inside of a luxurious cave , i mused . 
 i heard judith telling the room at large that the cucumber sandwiches were divine . 
 i ate the one i had grabbed . 
 it was pretty tasty , i had to admit . 
 and the tea was to die for , smooth without a hint of bitter . 
 mina brought a tray of tiny muffins , truffles , and fruit tarts . 
 i took one of the fruit tarts , thanking her . 
 i ate lightly , sampling more than eating . 
 i had a nervous stomach , since i did n't know what to expect from the spa day , and surprises made me nervous . 
 i was even bad at relaxing at a spa . 
 the thought was somewhat disheartening . 
 after we had snacked and drank , we were escorted into a large massage room . 
 it was another modern cavelike design , with frosted glass obscuring us from each other for the massage . 
 we could talk , but we did n't have to all get nak * d together . 
 i was relieved . 
 mina explained to me how i should prepare for the massage , then left me to it . 
 i undressed , putting my clothes into the large locker provided in my massage nook . 
 it felt wrong to take my jewelry off in public , and leave it in a locker , but i did it , not knowing exactly what we were in store for . 
 i got quickly under the white sheet in only my thong , as mina had instructed , lying on my stomach . 
 i saw white shoes approaching me from the hole in the table my face fit into . 
 `` ms. karlsson , i 'm jen , i 'll be massaging you today , '' a very soothing voice told me . 
 jen went through all of the techniques she offered , and i requested the deep tissue . 
 she set to work immediately . 
 she was good . 
 i 'd never had a massage like that before , never had a professional of any kind , and it felt divine . 
 everyone must have been having a similar experience , because shortly after the service began , no one said a word , not even marnie or judith , who were notorious for never being able to shut up . 
 there were some appreciative groans heard throughout the hour , but that was all . 
 we all wore matching plush terrycloth robes as we followed our respective spa attendants to the next service . 
 we used separate rooms for that one . 
 the facial also lasted an hour , and my face felt clean and fresh when it was finished . 
 all of the girls met up in a modern , stone-walled room that housed a collection of pools designed to look like a modern twist on a natural hot-spring . 
 stephan and javier had to go to a separate pool , since the pools were not co-ed , though we were the only occupants of this one . 
 we soaked for a long time , and i mostly listened to the chatter with a half-smile . 
 `` how cute are javier and stephan together ? '' 
 judith was asking the room . 
 i silently agreed . 
 it was n't just that they were good-looking . 
 the way they looked at each other , even casually , was good for my soul . 
 i wanted so badly for them to work , i was almost afraid to hope for it . 
 `` do you approve , bianca ? 
 does javier get your stamp of approval ? '' 
 marnie was asking me , snapping me out of my musings . 
 i wondered why everyone thought that i was stephan 's keeper . 
 the idea was bizarre to me . 
 i would never tell him who to date . 
 from my point of view , i always just wanted his dates to like me , and not mind me being around a lot , since that was usually how it went . 
 `` to be honest , anyone that stephan wants gets my stamp of approval . 
 i just want him to be happy . '' 
 for some reason , that got soft ` ahs ' all around . 
 then the topic moved to how cute stephan and i were . 
 `` you guys are related somehow , right ? '' 
 brenda asked . 
 she was the one in the group that had known us the shortest amount of time . 
 `` stephan told me you were family . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` not by blood , but in every way that counts . 
 he 's like a brother , and my best friend . 
 if that 's not family , i do n't have a clue what is . '' 
 another round of ` ahs ' made me smile . 
 the talk soon turned to james , of course . 
 `` is it serious , bianca ? 
 it seems really serious . '' 
 this came from judith , who had no qualms about prying . 
 i had a hard time with girl talk , with opening up in general , but i wanted to try . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it feels that way , but it 's still so new . '' 
 i took a deep breath , continuing . 
 `` he wants me to move in with him . '' 
 i was surprised at myself for revealing that , but i wanted their opinions . 
 every single one of them gasped , hands flying to their chests . 
 it was comical . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 jessa asked . 
 she was the first one to recover , from the looks of the other ones . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i told him we needed to spend more time together before i could consider something like that . 
 he 's not easily deterred , though . 
 he had a stylist , or dresser or whatever you call them , buy me a wardrobe for each of his houses , so he already has me kind of moved in , even though i never agreed to it . '' 
 more comical gasping and some stuttering at that one . 
 `` that 's crazy , right ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to hear a sensible opinion . 
 i did n't get one . 
 even sensible brenda thought he was romantic , and hopelessly in love with me . 
 i did n't tell them that he 'd never said he loved me . 
 it will hurt to say it out loud , i thought . 
 `` you guys would have supermodel babies , '' judith said on a sigh , in fantasyland . 
 jessa was watching me closely , and seemed to see something on my face at judith 's words . 
 `` oh , my , god , have you guys talked about having kids ? '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` he mentioned it briefly . 
 he dropped the issue when he saw that it made me want to run screaming . 
 it 's all way too fast , right ? 
 it 's crazy to move so fast in a relationship , right ? '' 
 i asked , again looking for a voice of sanity . 
 `` martin said he knew he was going to marry me on our very first date . 
 he said he just knew , like something in his mind clicked . 
 he said i was the missing piece in his life 's puzzle . 
 he pursued me until i saw it , too . 
 and that was twenty years and two kids ago , so it worked out for us . '' 
 brenda smiled as her story got ` ahs ' around the room . 
 okay , even i could admit that story was pretty sweet . 
 `` james strikes me as a man who knows what he wants , '' brenda continued . 
 `` i do n't see him changing his mind , either , not with the way he looks at you . '' 
 okay , i am not going to get any sobering advice from this crowd , i decided . 
 next we moved on to manicures and pedicures , the guys joining us again . 
 they were n't a cute couple , i decided , watching them . 
 they were beautiful , stephan so muscular and golden , javier so , well , pretty , and elegantly built . 
 `` me and marnie are official losing it , guys , '' judith told us all . 
 `` did we ever even have it ? '' 
 marnie asked her , mock despair in her voice . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 jessa asked , laughing at the outrageous women . 
 they were like a comedy duo , playing off of each other for an entertaining routine . 
 `` we tried to get a guy to do a three-way with us , and he turned us down ! '' 
 judith 's voice was bewildered . 
 i giggled a little . 
 the unexpected turn of conversation had surprised it out of me . 
 `` captain damien ? '' 
 stephan asked them sympathetically , but he could n't quite hold back his smile . 
 marnie and judith were in pedicure chairs next to each other , and they nodded at the same time , as though in sync . 
 `` do n't take it personal , girls , he 's hopelessly in love with bianca , '' javier said , his first words in a while . 
 stephan gave him a look , and javier winced at me sympathetically . 
 my face flushed . 
 i hoped he was joking , or at least mistaken . 
 `` that 's not fair ! '' 
 judith told me . 
 `` you have mr. beautiful . 
 give us damien ! '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` damien is just a friend . 
 he 's not in love with me . '' 
 my voice was almost apologetic . 
 i looked to stephan for support . 
 `` you talk to him all the time , stephan . 
 tell them he 's not into me . '' 
 stephan grimaced . 
 `` i 've told him , over and over again , that you 're not interested in him like that , but he at least has a very enduring crush . '' 
 `` what do you mean by enduring ? '' 
 i asked him , my eyes narrowed on him . 
 `` two years or so . 
 and he stopped dating , and hooking up , at least six months ago , so that you would take him serious when he asked you out again . 
 he thought that the fact that he 's a slut is what was keeping you from seeing him as more than a friend . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 all of this had been going on without my knowledge , and stephan decided to tell me about it when we were getting our feet worked on by strangers , and in front of five of our friends . 
 i gave him my best ` wtf ' look . 
 it grew real quiet after that , the others sensing the sudden tension between stephan and i . 
 it was a good ten minutes before they all started chatting again , but i stayed silent , brooding . 
 i did n't understand why stephan had kept it from me , but i supposed it was an awkward thing to bring up , when he 'd known how i clearly felt . 
 stephan sat next to me when we got the manicures . 
 he looked pretty cute , a big muscular guy in a soft robe , getting his nails done . 
 i was smarter than to point it out , though . 
 he gave me a searching look . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that came out at a bad time , but when you asked so directly , i could n't deny it . 
 that was just the first time it came up , yanno ? '' 
 i could see his position , and i nodded . 
 `` yeah , it 's just awkward . 
 but it 's awkward for you , as well . 
 i just do n't understand what i could have done to give damien the wrong idea . 
 it makes no sense . '' 
 stephan flushed a little , and i studied him , fascinated . 
 `` from what i 've gleaned , your disinterest is just more of a turn on for him . 
 i think he likes unreadable , mysterious women , and you 're the ultimate when it comes to that . 
 the problem is , it 's because you genuinely are n't interested in him . 
 but that just does n't seem to faze him . 
 he thinks he just needs to wait out your relationship with james , and that you 'll come around eventually . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` well , what a waste of hi s time . 
 i wish someone could talk some sense into him . '' 
 `` believe me , buttercup , i have tried . '' 
 we were escorted back to the refreshment waiting area . 
 mina offered me more snacks and drinks . 
 i took more tea , trying jasmine oolong that time . 
 we changed back into our street clothes before being ushered into the salon portion of the spa . 
 i took very careful inventory of my jewelry as i put it back on . 
 i went for the full hair treatment as well , needing a trim . 
 my hairdresser was pleasant and friendly . 
 she immediately started trying to talk me into some highlights . 
 mina interrupted her , her tone apologetic . 
 `` mr. cavendish left instructions not to color her hair , '' she explained , then moved away . 
 the hairdresser looked nonplussed . 
 she seemed to shake herself out of it . 
 i almost wanted to tell her to give me the highlights , anyways . 
 who cared ? 
 it was just hair . 
 but i would feel terrible if it somehow got her in trouble , so i left it alone . 
 james was her boss , after all . 
 she indicated a spot on my forehead . 
 `` what about short , straight bangs for you ? 
 it would set off your eyes , and your hair is straight enough to pull off the style that 's really hot right now . '' 
 i gave a little shrug . 
 `` do whatever you think would look flattering . 
 my hair only ever stays straight just like this , so keep that in mind . 
 i usually just trim it , and keep it like this . 
 i would n't mind a change , as long as it does n't require a long time to style . '' 
 she nodded decisively , seeming to know just what she wanted to do . 
 i closed my eyes and let her work . 
 i was rather pleased with the finished product , despite my apathy . 
 it was flattering , and it did bring out my eyes , the short bangs making them seem bigger in my face . 
 everyone seemed to agree , and i flushed a little at all of the compliments thrown at me . 
 we got our cosmetics done next . 
 the woman who did my makeup tried to instruct me as she did so , handing me a large bag of cosmetics when she finished . 
 i liked what she had done , the effects subtle but flattering , the smoky eye not too heavy on my pale face , as i would have thought . 
 i thought it went particularly well with my new haircut . 
 we were ushered back to the tea room again to finish up , the hostess asking me if they could provide any other services . 
 i checked the time on my phone , surprised to see that it was nearly time for us to start heading home to prepare for work that night . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 `` i hope you were satisfied with our services , ms. karlsson . '' 
 `` very much so . 
 we had a great time . 
 thank you . '' 
 as i spoke , james walked into the room , as though he had timed the entire thing down to the minute . 
 he grinned wide when he saw me , looking happy and ... mischievous . 
 i knew instantly that he had done or was planning to do something outrageous . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 i asked him as soon as he was within earshot . 
 his grin just widened , and i got a little worried . 
 he glanced around at everyone , smiling warmly . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 he got flooded with enthusiastic answers , all positive , of course . 
 who could complain about a free spa day ? 
 he seemed pleased , though , that everyone had enjoyed themselves . 
 `` i got you something , '' james told me , that happy smile never leaving his face . 
 he was positively beaming . 
 i bit my lip , tilting my head back to look up at him . 
 i was scared to ask . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , not even trying to hide my worry . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can do it justice by explaining it . 
 i 'll have to show you . 
 and your friends , too , i think . 
 i did promise . '' 
 i was perplexed when he started to unbutton his shirt , still grinning , his eyes glued to mine . 
 `` what on earth are you doing ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 someone , i thought it was judith , hooted in encouragement . 
 was he giving me a striptease ? 
 i wondered , genuinely confounded . 
 and unwillingly turned on . 
 i gasped , my heart stopping when i saw the blood red letters inked on his perfect chest . 
 right over his heart , i thought . 
 he had marred his perfect skin for me . 
 i felt tears prick my eyes . 
 the room around us went straight into chaos mode , marnie and judith shamelessly screaming and jumping around like maniacs . 
 i heard a disgruntled , `` what the fuck , man ? '' 
 from stephan . 
 i took deep breaths , my eyes glued to the bianca written in small letters cleanly over his heart . 
 `` it 's fake , right ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` it 's a joke , right ? '' 
 his smile did n't falter as he wiped a horrifying tear from my cheek . 
 `` why the tears ? '' 
 `` your perfect skin . 
 you should n't have marked it for my sake . 
 you have the finest skin on earth . 
 it seems like a shame , '' i told him , my voice whisper soft . 
 that surprised a laugh out of him . 
 `` you 'll get used to it . 
 i think you 'll like the other one better , '' he told me . 
 `` please , tell me the other one is on your dick ! '' 
 i sent judith a stern look for that one . 
 she just dissolved into helpless giggles . 
 james bit the bottom lip of his pretty mouth , turning to show me his back . 
 chapter twenty-two the tattoo was etched directly over the clean slab of his right shoulder blade . 
 and , like the man himself , it was exquisite . 
 i stood , brushing close to him to study it intently . 
 tears ran liberally down my cheeks , embarrassing but irrepressible . 
 it was a portrait of my face , my hair flowing out to shape into lilies that formed a perfect frame , as though it were a painting . 
 he had taken one of my self-portraits and etched it permanently into his skin . 
 it was the sweetest , craziest , most romantic thing i 'd ever witnessed , and i did n't know what to make of it . 
 i loved the tattoo on sight , though , loved having my painting turned into something so wonderful . 
 even the lilies used to frame the portrait had been copied from my work , i recognized . 
 i was suddenly glad that i had spent so much time on the paintings he 'd used , trying to get all of the details just so . 
 james was shooting me expectant looks over his shoulder , his face as happy and carefree as i 'd ever seen it . 
 `` well , what do you think ? '' 
 `` oh , james , '' i said , my voice catching . 
 `` it 's exquisite . 
 it 's more colorful than any tattoo i 've ever seen . 
 i 've never seen one that looks like this . 
 it 's more like a painting than a tattoo . 
 why does it look so different ? '' 
 `` i did n't use any black ink for outlining . 
 i used lighter colors for that . 
 and with james 's dark skin , i was able to use white ink for the skin color , which gave it a very painting kind of feel . 
 he 's one of the best canvases i 've had the pleasure of working on . 
 i 'll have to thank you for helping me finally get my hands on him . 
 obviously , you inspired his sudden interest in ink . '' 
 i had n't seen her approaching until she spoke , but the tattoo artist , frankie , was suddenly beside me , pointing out details of the tattoo on his back , standing nearly as close to him as i was . 
 i stiffened . 
 i knew it was illogical , and unreasonable , but realizing that another woman had done the tattoo , one he was obviously fond of , made me a little crazy . 
 that red haze i was beginning to recognize as jealousy was now a pernicious film over my vision . 
 `` can i cover it now , james ? 
 have you finished the show and tell ? '' 
 frankie asked him , sounding sassy but playful , her smile very warm on him . 
 he grinned at her , still looking over his shoulder , letting me look my fill . 
 i still studied the incredible portrait . 
 i wanted to run my fingers over it , but even with my limited knowledge on the subject , i knew it was too new for touching . 
 my hand gripped the top of his shoulder instead , as i leaned in very close and studied it intently , trying to ignore the woman standing too close , and too familiarly , beside james and i. i was smiling in the picture , a slight , sort of enigmatic smile , my eyes heavy-lidded and mysterious . 
 she had even matched the blue of my eyes astonishingly well . 
 she was very talented , i had to admit . 
 i had never even known a tattoo could look like that . 
 most of my friends had one or two , but they were usually outlined in heavy black , or else entirely black . 
 what frankie had done looked so much softer than that . 
 it was hard to even think of james 's marking as the same thing . 
 `` it 's beautiful . 
 you 're very talented . 
 i did n't even know that a tattoo could look like that , '' i told frankie , trying to be civil , but my voice was stiff and a little cold . 
 james seemed to notice my tone , his eyes flying back to my face , studying me intently , his happy smile wilting a little , his eyes becoming solemn . 
 i felt instantly contrite . 
 just the wrong tone of voice , and his ridiculously happy mood seemed to have been subdued . 
 i tried to give him a smile , but i could feel that it looked forced . 
 `` i 'm finished looking at it , if she needs to tend to it , '' i told him , stepping back from him . 
 frankie stepped in instantly , rubbing a clear gel over the entire inked surface . 
 i watched her hands on him , and felt the strangest urge to move between them . 
 i moved away , turning my back to them . 
 frankie 's voice was still friendly as she addressed me . 
 `` you 're very talented . 
 i just did my best to do your picture justice . 
 it was a real treat for me to get to work on a picture like that , on a body like james 's . 
 talk about a work of art . '' 
 her voice turned over the top flirtatious on the last sentence , and i knew she was talking about his body . 
 i counted to ten , hating myself for being so weak and so insanely jealous . 
 i heard frankie giving james care instructions briefly . 
 `` so , um , nice meeting you , bianca . 
 i 'll see ya around , '' frankie said , her voice still friendly , but a bit uncertain . 
 a brief glance at my group of friends showed most of them looking at me , wide-eyed , as though they were n't sure what to make of my behavior . 
 i could n't blame them . 
 i felt ridiculous , but i still could n't look at james , worried that if frankie was still near him , i would do something completely insane . 
 stephan was the only one of the group who seemed oblivious to my strange reaction , his intent glare focused narrowly on james . 
 i just tensed up more when james hugged me from behind . 
 `` we need a minute , guys . 
 thank you all for coming on such short notice , '' james addressed the group , politely but briskly , his tone a courteous dismissal . 
 he gripped the back of my neck , in that dominant spot , leading me into a room . 
 i recognized the room immediately . 
 it was the faux hot springs room . 
 one of the attendants followed us in . 
 `` may i help you with anything , mr. cavendish ? '' 
 she asked , her voice nervous . 
 `` yes . 
 please make sure we 're not disturbed until we 've finished in here . '' 
 they were at my back as they spoke , and i looked resolutely at the low pools , a hot blush coloring my face . 
 i knew what would be assumed , of course . 
 i did n't even know myself what james had planned . 
 `` of course , sir . 
 please let me know if i can further assist you . '' 
 i heard the door shut just as she finished speaking . 
 the sound of the door clicking closed echoed in the huge room . 
 james was silent for a long moment , his hand heavy on my neck . 
 `` you seem tense , '' james told me in a sort of offhanded way , his voice almost disinterested . 
 he removed his hand , and i heard clothes rustling behind me . 
 i held me breath , trying intently to hear what he was doing . 
 `` take off your clothes , bianca , '' he ordered , still in that offhanded way . 
 i did , my hands shaking a little . 
 i did n't know why i was so nervous , i 'd had sex with him more than once that very day , but i was nonetheless . 
 i just never knew exactly what he had planned . 
 `` go sit on the edge of the pool . 
 put your legs in the water , just up to your knees , '' he told me , still in that disinterested tone . 
 i sat at the edge of the water , leaning back on my hands , watching him . 
 he was completely nak * d as he took the steps into the shallow pool . 
 the water came just to his hips , his arousal clearly visible above the water . 
 i trembled , biting my lip as i watched him . 
 he dipped into the water , just up to a spot right below the tattoo over his heart , standing up straight again almost immediately . 
 all of the wet spots on his body were slick and dripping . 
 my mouth watered . 
 he ran his hands over his slick torso , watching me as he touched his abs and stroked his chest . 
 the plastic covered patch over his heart was the only thing he left untouched . 
 he glided towards me , h * ps moving directly between my knees when he drew close . 
 `` what does it do to you , when you see someone else put their hands on me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` even the most casual touch . 
 does it make you crazy ? 
 do you feel like you might do something insane , or even violent ? 
 does it make you sick , deep in your stomach ? 
 does it make your chest hurt , and your insides clench ? 
 does a red haze overtake your vision ? 
 do you lose all ability to be civil , or even form a coherent thought ? '' 
 he moved against me as he spoke , his mouth speaking directly into my ear , his tone so cold it made my whole body shiver with a delicious kind of fear . 
 he was in a mood , and he had plans for me . 
 i just knew it . 
 and it was nothing i could predict . 
 `` answer me , '' he said , biting my earlobe with enough force to make my back arch , pushing my br ** sts into his slick chest . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes to what ? 
 which of those things happens when you see someone else 's hands on me ? '' 
 `` all of it . 
 i ca n't even trust myself , it makes me so crazed . 
 i do n't recognize the person i become when i 'm jealous . 
 it 's nothing i 've ever had to deal with before . 
 i hate it . '' 
 he was adjusting my body as i spoke , bringing my h * ps to the very edge of pool , which made my words even more breathless and desperate . 
 he poised himself at my entrance . 
 `` good , '' he said , his voice still cold , but with anger now . 
 he entered me , having to work himself in slowly at that angle , my h * ps right on the edge of the pool . 
 `` why is that good ? '' 
 i asked him on a little moan , my eyes going to his as he penetrated me . 
 i had been well conditioned . 
 my eyes could n't seem to look away from him now when he was inside of me . 
 `` i want you to feel what i feel . 
 i want you to know what that does to me , what it 's like to feel jealous and covetous . 
 and now you do . '' 
 one of his hands , which had been at my hip , moved up to my neck . 
 he circled it , squeezing lightly . 
 `` grab my wrist with your hands , '' he ordered . 
 i obeyed . 
 `` if you look away from me , i 'll let up , '' he told me . 
 `` but i want you to scratch me while i choke you . 
 i want you to try to rip my hand away . 
 i want you to struggle , but do n't look away unless it 's too much . 
 that will be your safe word , since you wo n't be able to speak . '' 
 i nodded , trembling and watching his beautiful eyes . 
 he used his other hand to push my legs wider apart as the hand at my neck began to squeeze . 
 he thrust slowly in and out of me , but they were heavy thrusts , and so deep . 
 my hands began to tug at his hard hand at my neck , and i dug my nails into that thick wrist , hesitant at first , but as the pressure increased , i raked at him desperately , lightheaded with the sensation . 
 my head fell back , and he perched me back like that , his hand squeezing and releasing in time to his heavy strokes . 
 my vision started to get a little hazy , and that 's when he would let up , beginning the drugging process all over again . 
 i had n't realized my neck could be such a source of intoxicating pleasure , not in that way . 
 my very pulse seemed to throb in time to his rhythm inside of me . 
 i did what he told me and struggled against him , particularly his hand and wrist , but not one inch of my body wanted him to stop . 
 the choking and the struggling was a marvel to me . 
 i saw with clarity that i loved to struggle against him , loved to fight him wildly , my efforts not even straining him , not even slowing his purpose . 
 his sheer strength floored me . 
 i relished it . 
 his grip tightened as he began to pound relentlessly . 
 my vision went spotty , and i came so violently that i was n't sure how long the orgasm lasted , and i was n't certain if i had blacked out for a fuzzy moment . 
 when i focused again , james had his choking hand gripped in my hair to hold me in place as he rubbed out the last of his own orgasm inside of me . 
 he was making these deliciously shivery little involuntary thrusts , his neck arched back . 
 his eyes found mine again , his heavy-lidded and sated . 
 `` was it too much , love ? '' 
 he asked , his voice low and hoarse . 
 `` you were having such a fit , i could n't tell if you passed out . '' 
 as he spoke , he hugged me against him , tilting my head back to look at him from where i was pressed to his chest . 
 `` it was ... exquisite . 
 it was f ** king perfect , james . '' 
 he swallowed hard , studying me . 
 `` it would have been , if we could keep eye contact at the end doing that . 
 but i probably do n't have to ask if choking is on your ` yes ' list . 
 i think i can figure it out . 
 i need to be very careful with that . 
 you 're so delicate , and i have the urge to be ... overzealous when i get your neck in my hands . '' 
 he pulled out of me suddenly , shuddering as he did so . 
 i was right there with him . 
 `` we need to get moving . 
 we need to rush , actually . '' 
 he tugged me into the water , dragging me to the steps with a firm grip on the the ring of my choker . 
 he dried us both with businesslike efficiency , leaving the spa 's plush towels on the floor . 
 `` get dressed quickly , '' he told me . 
 chapter twenty-three we dressed quickly , rushing out of the resort . 
 james held my nape , steering me out of the vast property . 
 i was completely lost by the time we reached the casino . 
 the place was colossal . 
 james 's car was waiting when we got to the valet station , clark ready with the door open wide . 
 he inclined his head to us politely , his face warm and smiling . 
 i thought the stoic man might be softening towards me . 
 `` sir . 
 ms. karlsson . '' 
 james was silent until clark got behind the wheel and started driving , rather speedily towards my house , before he leaned in close to my ear to speak to me . 
 we were sitting very close , but not touching , which was unusual for james . 
 `` so , when do i get to pierce these ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 as he spoke he reached up a hand , pinching first one nipple and then the other . 
 he quickly withdrew his hand . 
 my mind just went sort of ... blank . 
 it had hovered around in the back of my mind in a sort of disjointed way when i 'd seen the tattoos , but it was still a shock to hear it out loud . 
 i mulled it over , thinking about the ink he 'd gotten on his beautiful skin . 
 if he wanted so badly for me to do this thing , why not ? 
 i could n't say that i would like the piercings , but i could n't say that i would n't , either . 
 `` i thought that was all a joke , '' i told him , but i did n't say no . 
 `` i was n't joking , obviously . 
 but if that 's really what you thought , i wo n't make you do it . 
 and i am certainly willing to wait until you 're ready . 
 there 's no reason to rush it . '' 
 i thought about it , really thought about the deal we 'd made . 
 i had told myself that he was joking , but had i really thought that he was ? 
 if i was honest , i had known on some level that , though he was being playful , he always did exactly as he said he would . 
 i met his gaze steadily . 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 i think i tried to convince myself that you were joking , but i 'm beginning to understand you enough to know that you always do as you say . '' 
 he pulled my head back lightly by the hair , and began to kiss me , an open-mouthed , hot kiss . 
 he took his time before pulling back . 
 `` thank you for being honest . 
 but you still do n't need to do it . 
 i would n't force you , even if the thought appeals to me strongly . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 i said i would . 
 and , though i ca n't deny i 've never thought of doing something like that , it appeals to me simply because you want it so badly . 
 i ca n't seem to help myself . 
 i want to please you . 
 i love to please you . '' 
 he reacted strangely with a sharply indrawn breath . 
 he leaned his head back against his seat , shutting his eyes , his face a little drawn . 
 he found my hand and squeezed it in his . 
 `` thank you , bianca . '' 
 an unexpected laugh escaped me suddenly . 
 he opened his eyes , giving me a puzzled look . 
 `` sorry , '' i told him , smiling warmly into his eyes . 
 `` you just looked so relieved that i would pierce my n ** ples and it struck me as funny . 
 that 's such a strange thing to be relieved about . '' 
 he smiled at me , but it did n't reach his eyes . 
 it was a sad kind of smile , and i felt my own fade a little . 
 `` i was relieved , but not about the piercing . 
 do n't get me wrong , i 'm very happy about that . 
 but it was what you said that eased my mind . 
 the thought that you love to please me , it gives me hope . 
 if you truly love to please me , you wo n't leave me . 
 you 'll stay with me , and live with me . 
 if not now , then eventually . 
 i can at least hope to talk you into it . '' 
 i flushed . 
 i still thought moving in with him was ridiculous , but i could see that i had already softened towards the idea , and for just the reason he had latched onto . 
 i loved to please him . 
 but more , i loved him . 
 i wondered if i would have the courage to tell him . 
 not anytime soon . 
 it was still a shock to me to even think it , to even realize it fully . 
 how had this happened so fast ? 
 but how not ? 
 with him being so charming , and so perfect , so heart-achingly beautiful , but tarnished in all of the right places , and in all of the ways that i understood so well , how could i not love him ? 
 `` did you like frankie ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the change of topic made me flush , but for a different reason . 
 and why did he sound so smug when he asked that question ? 
 my mouth tightened involuntarily . 
 `` have you slept with her ? 
 because you seem to like her , '' i told him , trying to pull my hand away . 
 he gripped it more tightly , still with that smug smile . 
 `` no . 
 she 's a very close friend of mine , though , so i would like you to get along with her . '' 
 i felt my face turning red . 
 i looked away from his infuriating face . 
 `` i doubt i will . 
 she likes to touch you , and talk about your body . '' 
 `` would it make you feel better to know that she 's a gold star lesbian , and a dominant herself ? 
 she and i are as about as platonic as a male and a female can be . '' 
 i blushed impossibly harder , feeling silly and ridiculous suddenly . 
 because it did make me feel better to know that . 
 worlds better . 
 i was a fool . 
 `` what is a gold star lesbian ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` never been with a man , never even thought about it . 
 she liked you , i could tell . 
 i should probably be the jealous one , with the way she was looking at you . 
 but i 'm not . 
 she 's too good of a friend . 
 she may be envious of what we have , but she would never cross a line . 
 she knows that you 're important to me . '' 
 `` i-i would n't - even if she wanted to , '' i stammered , feeling flustered at where the conversation had gone . 
 did he think i would be submissive to any dom ? 
 i did n't understand that , and i was just too embarrassed to ask . 
 i was n't just interested in james because he could dominate me . 
 i wondered , for the first time , if he felt that i used him for only that aspect of himself . 
 i wanted to ask him , but the words just would n't come out . 
 i never felt used by him , and i had just assumed that a man so perfect and confident could n't feel used . 
 not by someone like me . 
 he kissed my hand softly as we pulled up to my house . 
 `` i know . 
 but in some circles , having a dom so much as approach your sub is a huge breach of conduct . 
 it 's not something you have to worry about . 
 and i do n't feel threatened by frankie . 
 it would please me if you two could be friends , actually . 
 would you be willing to go have dinner with her sometime ? 
 the three of us , i mean . '' 
 i felt a little mortified . 
 i had very nearly been openly rude to the woman . 
 `` if she still wants to , i would be willing to . 
 i feel like a fool . 
 i was so jealous of her . 
 i thought for sure you two had been lovers . '' 
 he just smiled that smug smile again as he ushered me out of the car . 
 `` she wo n't be fazed by that . 
 i 'll set it up . '' 
 i had only thirty minutes to get ready once we walked in the door . 
 i hurried , packing up my suitcase before moving to get dressed . 
 i had just slipped off my bra , grabbing the one i preferred for work , when james pressed up behind me . 
 he had already changed into dark blue slacks and a pale blue polo that hugged his chiseled torso distractingly . 
 he had been ready before i 'd even finished packing . 
 he gripped my br ** sts , kneading at the supple globes . 
 he moved his fingers to my n ** ples , twisting them almost cruelly . 
 i gasped , arching my back . 
 he released the captive flesh abruptly . 
 i felt him digging into his pocket , still pressed hard against me . 
 i looked down at my quivering br ** sts while he fastened nipple clamps to each hardened crest . 
 he slapped my ass , hard , before stepping away . 
 `` okay , get dressed . 
 and do n't even think of taking those off . 
 i 'm driving you and stephan to work . 
 he 's already ready and waiting . '' 
 `` wo n't you be late for the flight if you drop us off first ? '' 
 he just gave me a look . 
 `` i 'll make it . 
 but you need to quit arguing and get dressed . 
 if i have to take the time to spank you , then we 'll both be late . '' 
 i scrambled into my clothes , double checking my suitcase to make sure i had everything . 
 `` remember , you do n't need to pack for new york anymore . 
 you 're all set up there , and you can buy anything you want , if i overlooked something . 
 by the way , i was a little distracted , but your hair looks lovely . 
 i like the cut . 
 it brings out those devastating eyes of yours . '' 
 i shot him a look . 
 he thought my eyes were devastating ? 
 the irony was n't lost on me , his exquisite turquoise gaze captivating me at a glance . 
 `` thank you . 
 thank you for the spa day . 
 it was a very nice treat for my friends and i. '' `` anytime . 
 you can take them as often as you like . 
 the staff knows that you have carte blanche status . 
 you do n't need an appointment , or even to call ahead , though it 's never a bad idea to give them a heads - up . 
 everything that 's mine is yours , love . 
 i mean that in every sense you could imagine . 
 feel free to test it . '' 
 i straightened my tie as he spoke , feeling the clamps on my heavy br ** sts acutely . 
 i moved to my vanity , clasping my watch over the angry marks on one wrist . 
 i studied the other one , wondering how to cover it . 
 it really was n't even uncomfortable . 
 it just looked rather conspicuous . 
 as i studied it , james circled it with long fingers , reaching into my silver jewelry box . 
 he pulled a smaller box out of it that i had n't even noticed before . 
 he opened it , showing a platinum bracelet that closely matched the band pattern of the rolex he 'd given me . 
 `` you 're shackled and collared , my love , '' james said as he fastened it onto my wrist . 
 they did indeed look like shackles , i thought , as he led me from the house , pulling my suitcase . 
 `` do they chafe your wrists too badly ? '' 
 `` no , not at all . 
 my wrists are n't bothering me at all . '' 
 `` good . 
 i have plans for you . 
 we get to spend some time in our playground tomorrow , before we have to get ready for the gala . '' 
 i had nearly forgotten about the gala . 
 he had swept me up so thoroughly from the moment we had reunited , i had forgotten about everything save for my mr. beautiful . 
 stephan started in on james almost the moment we all got into the car . 
 `` bianca thought that tattoo and piercing thing was a joke . 
 you ca n't hold her to it , james , '' he said , looking ready for an argument . 
 james smiled . 
 contrarily , it was a rather fond smile , and all for stephan . 
 `` i would n't dream of it , stephan . 
 bianca , would i hold you to doing something like that , if you did n't want to ? '' 
 i shook my head , giving stephan an exasperated look . 
 i was blushing involuntarily . 
 i sooo did n't want to talk about things like that with stephan , especially not in front of james . 
 `` stephan , he knows i thought it was a joke . 
 please do n't get upset about it . 
 james is crazy , that 's all . '' 
 stephan gave a very heartfelt sigh of relief . 
 he had been dreading the confrontation , but had obviously felt a strong need to say something . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 sorry , i just saw those tattoos , and remembered what you two had said at the bar . 
 i did n't know you had it in you , james . '' 
 james grinned , hugging me to him . 
 he kissed my forehead rather sweetly . 
 `` i did n't , not until i met my perfect bianca . '' 
 chapter twenty-four the flight was an agonizing ordeal . 
 every time my aching br ** sts pulled or strained at the clamps , which was constantly , i thought of james , and it left me yearning and hot but still with a job to do . 
 it was a full flight , the only empty seat the one next to james , as was his habit . 
 i rushed and served and passed him again and again , my sensitized br ** sts sending little jolts right to my sex every time i so much as thought of him . 
 he barely glanced at me , working on his laptop . 
 he did n't even look up as i asked him direct questions , just gave brief answers , his bored gaze on the screen of his laptop . 
 he was the disinterested master tonight . 
 it made me want to scream , i was so agitated and keyed up . 
 i wanted to hit him , i was so frustrated . 
 the fact that he would n't even look at me drove me crazy . 
 it was nearly two hours into the flight before the cabin began to get quiet and sleepy . 
 most of the first class passengers were drinking heavily , so i had been on my feet in the cabin , serving almost constantly . 
 stephan headed back to help coach as soon as our regular service was done . 
 javier was on the flight as a passenger , though he had n't been able to snag a first class seat . 
 flying non-revenue , we only got first class seats when there was space available . 
 he had been lucky to find a seat at all , since the flight had been overbooked . 
 that would have been a waste , since he had taken days off to join stephan on our layover . 
 my passengers were all taken care of , most falling asleep or already there . 
 a few alert faces could be seen , but i was suddenly too desperate to care , my usual professional reserve escaping me in a brash moment . 
 i sat down in the empty seat next to james . 
 i leaned over the console that separated the two seats , grabbing his wrist , pulling it from the keyboard of his laptop . 
 finally , he looked at me . 
 his gaze was amused , and i wanted to scream . 
 `` no touching , bianca . 
 that 's an order . '' 
 i dropped his wrist like it was on fire , breathing heavily as i glared at him . 
 his smiling eyes were wickedly infuriating . 
 i tried to compose myself , tried to smooth my features . 
 i knew i failed . 
 `` please , mr. cavendish , i 'm desperate . 
 why are you ignoring me ? 
 you 've put these ... things on me , and i ca n't think of anything but you . 
 meet me in the restroom . 
 i need you to touch me . '' 
 he shook his head , still just looking amused . 
 `` not tonight , bianca . '' 
 i clasped my hands together tightly , nearly overwhelmed with the urge to touch him . 
 `` are you punishing me ? '' 
 he ran his tongue across those perfect teeth . 
 my sex clenched , and i felt a rush of moisture between my legs . 
 `` no . 
 just teaching you . 
 sometimes we have to wait for what we want . 
 i have been extremely lax in this part of your instruction , but you need to learn . '' 
 `` i 'm so wet , james . 
 and i think if you just keep talking , your voice alone could make me come . 
 please . '' 
 his eyes turned a little hard . 
 `` you wo n't entice me into changing my mind , you little vixen . 
 you 'll be punished if you try that again . '' 
 i wanted that punishment , wanted it badly , but i wanted to please him more . 
 `` i ca n't bear this . 
 what should i do , mr. cavendish ? 
 i could go into the bathroom and pleasure myself . 
 it 's not what i want , but i think it would help . '' 
 his eyes narrowed into an almost mean glare . 
 `` no . 
 you 're not allowed to touch yourself , either . '' 
 his eyes moved to a spot behind my seat . 
 `` you need to move , bianca . 
 that seat is spoken for . '' 
 i got up , moving away , feeling baffled and bereft . 
 i noted absently that javier took the vacated seat , giving me a polite nod . 
 i nodded back , moving away as stephan stepped in close to them , thanking james for relinquishing his extra seat . 
 that was nice of him , i thought absently . 
 james began to chat amiably with javier , not sparing me another glance . 
 i went into the galley , not knowing what to do with myself . 
 i took off my serving vest , leaving just my white dress shirt and tie . 
 my n ** ples stood out like sore thumbs with the clamps on them in such a thin shirt . 
 i decided i did n't care . 
 i wanted james to see how conspicuous they were , how impossible to ignore . 
 he had left me wanting , and seemed unaffected himself . 
 i wanted to affect him . 
 i returned to javier , asking him politely if he needed anything . 
 i felt james 's gaze on me then , since i had interrupted their polite small talk . 
 `` just a bottle of water , please . 
 thank you , bianca , '' javier said with a smile . 
 i smiled back , not looking at james . 
 i turned away , heading back to the front of the plane . 
 `` bianca , '' james called , his voice very casual . 
 i looked at him over my shoulder , my brow arched . 
 `` put your vest back on , love . 
 now . '' 
 james gave me a bland smile , as though he had n't just given me an arbitrary order in front of javier , in front of strangers . 
 i fumed as i went back into the galley . 
 i had n't gotten around to putting my vest back on when damien stepped out of the cockpit to use the restroom . 
 he stepped into my galley when he saw me , smiling warmly . 
 i had seen him briefly on the crew bus , but we had been in too big of a hurry to chat . 
 his smile dropped a little when he saw that i was visibly agitated . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 he asked , concern in his voice . 
 i just nodded , meeting his eyes while i took deep breaths . 
 i should have realized that the action would accentuate my conspicuous br ** sts , but i did n't , not until his eyes roamed there , widening when they saw the outline of my clamped n ** ples . 
 i did n't think he could see the actual clamps , but i really was n't sure . 
 i thought he must have just seen my over exaggerated n ** ples . 
 whatever he saw , it seemed to freeze him in place . 
 he could n't seem to look away from my chest . 
 he put a hand on my shoulder , licking his lips nervously . 
 `` can i help you with anything ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 i just shook my head , still looking at him . 
 i did n't remove his hand , did n't think of it . 
 my mind was n't working right . 
 i knew that james was n't touching me , but all i could think about were his hands on me . 
 so while i knew that it was damien 's hand on me , it felt almost as if james was touching me . 
 and besides , it was only my shoulder he was touching . 
 but i was in a state . 
 `` kindly remove that hand , damien . 
 should n't you be flying the plane or something ? '' 
 james asked , stepping into the galley . 
 his voice was cold as ice . 
 i did n't have to look at his eyes to know that they would be the same . 
 damien pulled his hand back , eyes wide , looking as though he 'd been doing something much worse than just touching my shoulder . 
 he mumbled an agreement , backing off and going into the lavatory . 
 i felt more than saw james moving to me . 
 he plucked my vest from where it hung on an open cabinet , holding it out for me to slip into . 
 i did so without a word , not looking at him . 
 `` what was that , bianca ? 
 do you want him ? 
 explain it to me . '' 
 his voice was still so cold . 
 i was intimated and ... embarrassed . 
 `` i-i do n't want him . 
 i think he was just caught off-guard . 
 and i. . . 
 i was just distracted , thinking about you . 
 i know he was standing right in front of me , but i could n't seem to focus on him . '' 
 james gripped my hair at the nape , the only place he touched me , pulling my head back to look up and squarely into his eyes . 
 they were more shuttered than i would have guessed . 
 whatever he was feeling , i could n't have guessed it from his face . 
 `` i told you this was n't a punishment , bianca , but it is now . '' 
 he pulled my hair hard enough to make me gasp . 
 his voice was strangely blank . 
 `` it will be better or worse , depending on your answer . 
 were you trying to make me jealous by letting him touch you , or are you drawn to him ? 
 do you want him , just a little ? '' 
 i mulled it over , wanting to give him the most honest answer , dreading the punishment , when it was this overwhelming depravation . 
 `` i was too involved with my own thoughts to react to what he was doing . 
 i think i would have reacted , would have pulled away , if he had touched more than my shoulder , but he did n't , so i did n't . 
 i just do n't think of him like that . '' 
 i was relishing his hands on me , even with this limited contact , as i continued breathlessly . 
 `` he does n't feel like a threat , and i 've never even thought about hav ** g s * x with him . 
 i could n't tell you why . 
 i can see that he 's good looking , and i value him as a friend . 
 he 's funny , and charming , and nice , but i 've only ever had platonic feelings . 
 perhaps it 's something like how you feel about frankie . 
 for all i know , he 's another submissive . 
 that may be why i could only see him as a friend . '' 
 he studied me for the longest time , his eyes still shuddered , but if i had to guess , i would say that he was feeling hurt and worried . 
 `` i like your answer , '' he finally said . 
 `` i ca n't tell if i believe it because i want so desperately to , or because it 's the truth . 
 you 'll still be punished , but i wo n't draw it out like i was planning to when i saw his hand on you . 
 do n't let it happen again . '' 
 with that , he walked away . 
 the rest of the flight was long and james would n't so much as spare me a glance . 
 when he deprived me , he deprived me of everything , even his beautiful eyes , and that intense regard that i had come to adore and depend on so helplessly . 
 i had n't realized how much i craved even his stare , how it made me feel less empty , less cold . 
 he was the sun , and when he turned away , i felt so cold and empty , so achy and wanting . 
 i had n't realized it before . 
 is that why i was getting this lesson ? 
 had he known the extent of his affect on me , and known how to show me just how much i needed him to want me , needed him to show me . 
 the depravation of his physical affection affected me first , but i thought that the emotional withdrawal from him was by far more devastating . 
 and i would n't have realized it , would n't have realized how generously he had always tended to my emotional needs , until he had set my body on fire and withdrawn from me completely . 
 it was a revelation . 
 he was a generous man . 
 i had never doubted it . 
 but i had never given him credit for being so generous with his emotions and feelings . 
 they were things i never would have realized i needed so desperately until he 'd lavished me with them , and then suddenly taken them away . 
 how long would i feel the loss ? 
 how long would he put me through purgatory ? 
 it had only been hours so far that he had left me wanting , but i did n't know that i could bear much more of it . 
 i wanted to bask in the sun again . 
 chapter twenty-five `` we 're going directly to my house , '' james told me as he walked with my crew through the airport . 
 he was n't touching me , but pulled my bag . 
 he would barely look at me , though his tone and posture seemed relaxed . 
 i had gone past the point of only wanting him to make me come , to ease the ache that traveled from my tortured n ** ples and directly to my sex . 
 now i wanted his affection , his attention . 
 i wanted him to hold me . 
 it made me almost angry , that he would make me so needy with so little effort on his part . 
 but even anger did n't change the wanting . 
 it took me a moment to process his words . 
 we were trailing behind my crew . 
 melissa cast me sharp glances , as though we were slowing them down . 
 i ignored her . 
 it seemed the best way to deal with her in general . 
 `` i could get into trouble for that , '' i told him , my voice pitched low . 
 `` we 're supposed to ride with the crew to the hotel , and check in there . '' 
 `` i spoke to stephan . 
 he looked it up in the manual . 
 the exact wording is , ` at the discretion of your lead ' . 
 stephan is your lead . 
 he gave you the thumbs up . 
 you 're coming with me . '' 
 i did n't argue , did n't respond . 
 i wanted to get to his house . 
 i did n't know what he had planned , but i was sure that the sooner we got there , the sooner this torture would end . 
 i waved goodbye to most of the crew at the curb , only giving stephan a quick hug and kiss . 
 `` call me if you need anything , buttercup , '' he said into my ear , then let me go . 
 i scooted in close against james , nearly touching h * ps when we got into his town car . 
 i spoke into his ear , since the privacy screen was down and i did n't recognize the driver . 
 `` this is more than delayed gratification . 
 you 're depriving me of every part of you . 
 you 'll barely look at me . '' 
 `` not in the car , '' he said , looking out the window and dismissing me . 
 i felt stung . 
 `` what is the punishment for touching you ? '' 
 i asked him after several minutes of complete silence . 
 i was past the point of only wanting to please him . 
 if it was a punishment i could stand , i was willing to risk his displeasure . 
 he had brought me to that point . 
 `` a simple one . 
 if you touch me , i wo n't touch you , '' he said , his tone idle . 
 it was like a slap in the face . 
 i averted my face , tears stinging my eyes . 
 it felt like a rejection , something i 'd never experienced even a hint of from james . 
 it was a long and silent drive into manhattan . 
 the clamps on my n ** ples were a constant ache . 
 i had resorted to trying to hold perfectly still , since every movement further agitated the sensual torture . 
 i wanted to say mean things to him , hurtful things that might goad him into touching me , but i refrained . 
 i did n't want to cause him to stay this withdrawn from me . 
 i knew that the more i cooperated , the sooner i would get my james back . 
 finally , the unfamiliar driver dropped us off in the underground garage i 'd been in once before , on my first visit to james 's manhattan penthouse . 
 he took my suitcase out of the trunk , inclining his head at us . 
 `` sir , ms. karlsson . 
 i 'll be here at 9:00 p.m to pick you up for the charity event . '' 
 james just nodded , dismissing the man . 
 he pulled my suitcase to the elevator , still barely acknowledging my presence . 
 i lowered my chin , my posture rigid , standing very still in my work heels . 
 my gaze seemed glued to his navy dress shoes . 
 they were sexy . 
 i thought sullenly that even his feet held a sort of elegance . 
 the elevator car arrived , the door sliding open silently . 
 james stepped inside . 
 i hesitated , still just watching his feet , wanting some sign from him that he even remembered my presence . 
 he sighed , the softest sound , and reached a hand to me . 
 i watched , transfixed , as his hand went to the collar of my work shirt . 
 he used one finger to fish out the hoop at my throat . 
 he managed not to touch even an inch of my skin , pulling me forward by just that diamond-studded circle . 
 he led me into the car , keeping his finger crooked into my collar as he slid in his card , pushed the button , and we began to ascend . 
 `` my perfect little submissive , '' he murmured , and that was all . 
 i sopped up even that little bit of his jaded attention . 
 he led me into his opulent home by that one finger on my collar . 
 i was as lost in the maze of rooms as i had been the first time , as he led me to the kitchen . 
 he only let go of the collar when we encountered an unfamiliar woman prepping food next to the oversized stovetop . 
 she was plump and middle-aged , with light brown hair and kind brown eyes that i noticed the moment she turned to greet us . 
 she smiled . 
 it was a good smile , warm and sweet . 
 `` mr. cavendish , ms. karlsson , good morning . 
 how was your flight ? '' 
 `` very good , thank you . 
 bianca , this is marion . 
 she 's our new housekeeper and cook . '' 
 i blinked my eyes a few times , wondering if i was seeing things when she bobbed us a little curtsy . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to working for you , ms. karlsson . 
 it 's nice to finally meet you . 
 please let me know if you need anything . 
 anything at all . '' 
 i processed their words , the way they both implied that she was somehow working for me . 
 it was a baffling development , but i did n't comment . 
 `` i 'm making you vegetable omelets with feta , as you requested , mr. cavendish . 
 is there anything i can do for you ? '' 
 `` we will be in the dining room , marion . 
 just serve the omelets when they 're ready . 
 that will be all . '' 
 james held the door open for me , and i moved into his grand dining room . 
 he pulled a chair out for me and i sat . 
 he took the seat next to me at the head of the table . 
 he stapled his elegant fingers together on top of the heavy table . 
 i watched those hands as i spoke . 
 `` what happened to the other housekeeper ? '' 
 `` i had to let her go . 
 she proved to be ... unprofessional . 
 she seemed to think that , because she had worked for me for eight years , she could interfere in my personal life . 
 i found some of her actions and words unacceptable . '' 
 i mulled that over for awhile , still watching his hands . 
 even those hands were like eye candy . 
 `` she seemed like an unpleasant woman , though she and jules appeared to be close , '' i said absently . 
 `` she was pleasant enough to her . '' 
 i watched his hands squeeze together very tightly as i spoke . 
 `` yes . 
 and that was the problem . 
 she let her into my home against my wishes , and then she made the fatal mistake of insulting you , love . 
 i fired her that night . '' 
 i took a deep breath , savoring that light endearment . 
 i was starved for his affection . 
 marion served us quickly , withdrawing with a smile . 
 we ate the delicious omelets in silence . 
 james finished before me . 
 i could feel him watching me as i took a drink of water . 
 he stood the instant i swallowed my last bite . 
 he led me by the collar through the multi-floored penthouse , heading to his bedroom without further ado . 
 i was more than happy to go . 
 i had been living in a world of tortured anticipation since he had pinched on my nipple clamps , just waiting for him to get me alone like this . 
 he took me into his colossal bedroom closet . 
 `` take off your clothes , '' he commanded , shrugging out of his shirt , his back to me . 
 i obeyed without a word , taking off everything but my jewelry . 
 he took off my watch and cuff , putting them on a little tray on the huge dresser in his closet . 
 my eyes had moved to his feet as soon as i was undressed . 
 he was barefoot now , wearing only his slacks . 
 i thought about how even his tan feet were sexy . 
 he threaded a silver chain through the hoop at my collar . 
 it attached to each of my nipple clamps , raising my n ** ples . 
 i winced , rubbing my thighs together restlessly . 
 he fastened a sheer black half-slip over my hips . 
 i had worn it just once before , in his playground . 
 it covered nothing , but the sight of it turned me on . 
 it made my body look sinful , with just that touch of black . 
 i bit my lip , arching my back a little . 
 to say i was turned on was a vast understatement . 
 i was so far past that point . 
 i raised my gaze just enough to see the hard ridge pressing against the front of his navy slacks . 
 i moaned at the sight of it . 
 `` do n't try to tempt me , bianca . 
 you 'll be punished for that . 
 is that what you were trying to do ? '' 
 i shook my head , out of my mind with wanting him . 
 he led me by my collar to the elevator that went directly from his bedroom and into his private playground . 
 i mewled at the cruel pressure that pulled at my n ** ples . 
 he slapped my ass hard as we descended to his 4th floor . 
 for making the noise , i thought . 
 he pulled a length of black cloth from his pocket , stepping behind me in the elevator . 
 it was a blindfold , i realized , as he covered my eyes , tying it firmly in the back . 
 the material was silky and luxuriously soft . 
 the elevator stopped , and he pulled me forward by the collar . 
 our footsteps seemed loud in the hallway , but the padded flooring once we got into the playroom made a softer , muffled sound . 
 he led me only a few steps into the room before stopping . 
 `` get on your knees , '' he told me . 
 i obeyed , raising my chin . 
 i heard him move away . 
 i heard him opening drawers across the room . 
 some sort of machinery whirred softly , the sound of chains clinking together following immediately , and i had no idea what would make such a noise . 
 i sat back on my heels , my hands flat on my thighs . 
 i began to rub them slowly over my own skin as i waited , anticipation and fear a palpable feeling along my skin . 
 as my hands rubbed , i shifted my arms , moving them against my br ** sts , pushing the round globes closer together to rub against each other , craving contact , even if it was just the contact of my own skin on itself . 
 `` stop that , '' james snapped from across the room . 
 `` if you pleasure yourself , then that 's all you 'll do . 
 all you 'll get is a dildo to relieve your ache , if you keep that up . 
 which would you prefer ? 
 my cock , or a dildo ? '' 
 i gasped , and stopped moving , though i wanted more than ever to move after hearing his words . 
 `` your cock . 
 oh god , i want your cock , james . '' 
 `` it 's mr. cavendish , or master , in here , bianca . '' 
 `` yes , mr. cavendish . '' 
 there was a noise , like chains clinking together , and then he was pulling me to my feet by the collar . 
 i gasped at the rough pull on my n ** ples . 
 they seemed to be getting more sensitive , not less so , the longer those mean clamps stayed attached . 
 he pulled me across the padded floor . 
 he pulled me maybe twenty feet before stopping abruptly . 
 finally he touched my skin , pulling my wrists together in front of me . 
 the action rubbed my br ** sts together , and my back arched . 
 he placed something soft around my wrists , closing it with a loud metal clink on first one wrist and then the other . 
 padded handcuffs , i thought . 
 he moved very close to me as he reached above me , pulling down a metal chain that clicked loudly with each link . 
 he dragged the length along my cheek , my collar , against the side of one breast , and finally to my joined hands . 
 he attached the chain rather noisily to the handcuffs , stepping away . 
 i heard the links clinking again as the cuffs were raised above my head agonizingly slowly . 
 my arms pulled up high until i was stretched taut onto the balls of my feet . 
 `` grip the chain , '' james told me . 
 i tried , but obviously did it wrong , because he adjusted my hands until i had a firm double grasp on the chain that held me up . 
 he jerked suddenly on my neat little work braid , arching my head back . 
 it pulled at the chain between my clamped n ** ples , as everything seemed to . 
 i whimpered loudly . 
 `` i want you to be silent , '' james told me , his voice a hoarse rasp . 
 `` do n't make sexy little noises . 
 do n't beg me to stop . 
 be as quiet as you can , unless you need to safe word . '' 
 chapter twenty-six i gave a little nod , since i could n't speak . 
 i felt him move away . 
 he was gone for long minutes , and i felt bereft . 
 i could n't move or speak , because he 'd ordered me not to , so only my mind was active . 
 it was the most torturous part of all , as i imagined what he would do to me , what he was planning , and all i could do was wait . 
 soft music began to play , the notes of a dark song drifting through the room . 
 it had an ominous tune . 
 i did n't even sense him move but just suddenly felt something soft brush across the skin of my back . 
 a feather , i realized , as he trailed it down my spine . 
 he removed it , but it was instantly replaced by something else , something rougher , with thin strands that caught at my skin as he stroked it where the feather had been . 
 the feather came back , stroking along my butt and down my thighs . 
 i shivered as he softly stroked it over the back of my knee and down to my foot . 
 he moved the feather back up my body via the other leg . 
 it covered every inch of the back of my body before he pulled back . 
 the rougher object began to move across my skin , mirroring the feathers trail exactly . 
 where the feather had made me shiver all over , the rougher trail made me writhe , fighting to keep from making noise . 
 the rough little tails were absent , and the feather was back , brushing just below my shoulder blades . 
 it lingered there , slowly whispering over that skin oh so carefully . 
 the feather pulled away and the instant it left my skin he struck , flogging me with those rough little tails viciously . 
 i bit my lip so hard i tasted blood , my back arching , spine bowing . 
 he struck again and again , only striking those tender spots that the feather had paid such special attention to . 
 my heart was trying to pound out of my chest , and tears ran down my cheeks silently but freely before he stopped . 
 i felt him unclip the tiny slip at my waist , felt it drop to the floor , the feather lightly caressing my nak * d ass . 
 i wondered if he was timing the feather contact to the timing of the flogging . 
 it seemed that way to me , and it was a torturous realization , because he lingered for the longest time on my rear , that soft feather relentless . 
 of the two touches , i thought the feather was the cruelest . 
 the feather 's absence was immediately replaced by the sharp bite of the tails . 
 it went on and on , striking again and again , and i began to move with the strikes , circling my hips , the pain taking my mind to a little fuzzy place , and i thought i would come if he so much as touched my sex . 
 i heard his ragged breaths when he replaced the tails with the feather on my thighs . 
 when the feather touched my inner thigh , a scant breath from my sex , i nearly came . 
 i did n't know if i could stop myself when the tiny whips replaced that cruel feather . 
 i wondered , very briefly , if i would be punished for that . 
 my breaths were so ragged that i worried i would be punished for the noise when the tails replaced the feather , slapping at my sensitive thighs relentlessly . 
 my back bowed , my feet pushing on my toes as the whips hit that spot on my groin , and i came , gyrating on my chain and biting on my bloody lip . 
 at least i had kept silent , if you did n't count my loud panting breaths . 
 `` fuck , '' james panted , and that was all . 
 he replaced the little whips with a feather on my calves . 
 this was a shorter touch , and a shorter flogging . 
 he seemed to finish with my back , stepping away . 
 i felt him studying me for impossibly long minutes . 
 my release had been involuntary , and done very little to ease the ache . 
 my pulse still beat in time to the blood pounding in my veins and every inch of me wanted him inside of me , against me , touching me . 
 my h * ps made little circling thrusts as he watched me . 
 finally , i felt him moving to the front of my body . 
 he studied my front for nearly as long as he had my back . 
 abruptly , he released my br ** sts from the mean little clamps . 
 i took deep breaths , counting to ten , trying to keep the noises in my throat . 
 he began to move the feather along my front , starting with my cheek . 
 he circled my lips with the feather . 
 he stopped abruptly , walking away . 
 i wanted to scream at his abrupt absence , but he returned almost instantly , placing some type of strap against my mouth . 
 `` bite down on this if you need to , '' he ordered . 
 `` do n't bite your lip anymore . 
 you 'll need stitches if you keep that up . '' 
 i bit it . 
 it was an instant relief to have something firm to bite down on . 
 he started in on me with the feather again , covering the front of my body with those soft caresses . 
 he mirrored the movement with the tiny whips . 
 the pattern was already familiar , but still i agonized over what he would do next . 
 the feather was back again , and i knew what to expect when the whips had a turn , every touch telling me sadistically just where and for how long i would get the attention of those mean little tails . 
 he softly caressed my upper thighs first , using his foot to part my legs , snaking that little feather in dangerously close to my wet core . 
 i felt the feather drag a little through the moisture there , and heard james suck in a gasp . 
 but there was still no pause as he pulled back the feather and struck with the whip in almost the same motion , as though they were two sides of the same object . 
 i wondered , rather distantly , if they were . 
 he struck my thighs again and again , stopping abruptly , but i knew that if i had been counting , it would have timed the same as the feather . 
 my head fell back , and i sucked in harsh breaths when the light touch made contact with my br ** sts . 
 he caressed the fleshy globes for long moments , thankfully only briefly teasing at my tortured n ** ples . 
 when he began to whip me there , i shuddered , my body on the brink of release when he stopped . 
 he stared at me for the longest time , until i heard him unzip his pants . 
 i wanted to sob in relief just at the sound . 
 he moved to my back . 
 `` that 's enough of a lesson and a punishment , i think , '' he said , his voice rough and affected . 
 just how i wanted it . 
 his smooth chest moved against my back as he leaned into me from behind . 
 `` grip the chains more tightly , '' he told me , his hard hands settling on my hips . 
 i obeyed eagerly . 
 `` arch your back . 
 more . '' 
 i felt the tip of his c * ck at my entrance . 
 it poised there for long moments , quivering against me . 
 he entered me , but not how i wanted , not with a hard thrust , as i was wishing for . 
 he worked his large length inside of me , inch by thick inch , working into my tight wet sheath agonizingly slowly . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 i wanted to beg . 
 his mouth moved to my ear . 
 `` now you may beg me , '' he whispered , as though reading my mind . 
 i did beg , sobbing as i did so , the strap falling from my mouth , his permission acting as a floodgate . 
 i begged with heartfelt feeling . 
 he pulled out of me slowly when i 'd finished . 
 his mouth moved to the spot between my neck and shoulder , right on the tendon , that perfect sensitive spot , and he bit down savagely at the same moment that he plunged into me , hammering into me with the hardest , fastest thrust . 
 it was a wonderful , brutal angle , my h * ps held immobile in his hands . 
 i had no way to move with him or away from him , even my toes lifted slightly off the floor . 
 he bottomed out in me , reaching the end of me with a vicious twist of his hips . 
 he was making this perfect little noise low in his throat , deep but almost helpless , as though he could n't believe what was happening every time he slammed into the end of me . 
 the third time he made that noise , i came , screaming . 
 he did n't stop , still pounding , one hand snaking from my hip and up over my tortured breast . 
 it hurt , my skin raw , but that pain seemed to jolt directly from my breast to deep inside my sex , where his stiff c * ck still worked furiously . 
 the second release caught me like that , a mix of pleasure and pain , jolting through the parts of my body that he played like an instrument . 
 i was perfectly tuned , but only to his expert touch . 
 his thrusts stuttered for a moment , the hand at my hip sliding forward from my hip and his finger began to circle my clit . 
 he resumed his pace , the arm now anchored over me from waist to pelvis and his other hand still a vise on my breast . 
 his hardness rocked into me with that furious pace . 
 he slammed , slammed , slammed , his breathing harsh and ragged enough that i could hear it over my own uncontrollable mewling . 
 `` come , '' he ordered roughly . 
 i shuddered as the waves of pleasure took me for a third time . 
 he allowed himself to come with me that time , and i felt him shuddering and pouring inside of me , making those sounds i loved deep in his throat . 
 his hard arms wrapped around my waist , his cheek touching the top of my head . 
 was the tender lover back ? 
 i wanted that , had never wanted it more . 
 i needed some reassurance that this coldness that had overtaken him was n't permanent . 
 only a night of it and i felt emotionally bereft . 
 but he released me quickly , pulling out of me , and i heard the chains clanking together as my arms went a little slack . 
 it put me more solidly onto my feet , but my knees gave way almost instantly . 
 the cuffs caught me right away , since he 'd only lowered me a few inches . 
 `` get your balance back . 
 get some weight onto your feet , '' james ordered , lowering the chain a few more inches . 
 i put more weight on my feet , catching my balance slowly , shifting from foot to foot until i felt like i could stand without aid . 
 it took awhile . 
 he unwound the chains above me until i was taking all of my weight . 
 he unlatched my cuffed hands . 
 i did n't have to hold my own weight for more than a split second before he swept me off my feet , cradling me like a child as he carried me across the room . 
 i stroked my cheek along his bare , sweaty chest . 
 he felt divine . 
 he smelled divine . 
 he laid me down on a firmly cushioned surface . 
 it felt like being on an examination table at the doctors office . 
 i had n't seen anything like it the last time i 'd been in his playground , but i 'd only been there once before , and i 'd been more than a little distracted at the time he drew my cuffed hands above my head , fastening them there . 
 i tested the restraint . 
 i did n't even have an inch of slack . 
 he fastened my feet to the bottom of the table , parted slightly . 
 he used soft straps of some kind on each of my ankles , though i could n't have said what they were . 
 i was still blindfolded , and it was n't anything he 'd ever used on me before . 
 i tested those restraints as well . 
 there was no give at all . 
 he definitely could n't f ** k me in this position . 
 my legs would n't part far enough with the way i was bound . 
 i writhed a little at that realization , suddenly afraid of what he did plan to do . 
 he slapped the front of my thigh , hard . 
 `` do n't move , '' he ordered , his voice all dominance , with no hint of affection . 
 my tender lover was still missing . 
 i did n't think there was anything that i would n't endure to get him back . 
 chapter twenty-seven a little shriek escaped my lips as i felt cold metal grip one of my n ** ples firmly . 
 i felt james untying my blindfold , and suddenly i could see again . 
 he had what looked like tiny smooth metal forceps holding my nipple captive . 
 the end was a small hoop that fit perfectly around my hardened nipple . 
 he reached into a drawer inside the table with his free hand , pulling out a marker . 
 he bent close to my chest as he carefully marked my nipple on both sides . 
 his hands were covered in latex gloves that i had n't heard him put on , though he must have done so sometime since he had bound me to the table . 
 his eyes were intent , studying the marks he 'd made . 
 finally , he put the pen away , pulling out a thick needle with a sharpened end . 
 i could see that it was hollowed out in the middle , but i was still surprised at how big it was , how intimidatingly thick . 
 he smiled slightly as he saw my eyes widen as i studied the needle . 
 `` you ready to be pierced ? '' 
 he asked , his voice wicked . 
 i studied him . 
 he still wore his slacks , though the top button was undone . 
 he was shirtless , and i could see my name in crimson over his heart . 
 somehow , i had almost forgotten about his new tattoos . 
 the crimson lettering was startling and lovely against all of his golden skin . 
 he had his hair tied back , the first time i had seen him do that , so he could work on the piercing without his hair in his eyes . 
 some people were more beautiful with hair framing their faces , but it did n't matter with james . 
 he was exquisite even without all of that caramel hair falling artfully into his face . 
 his face was just too perfect for it to affect his looks either way . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' i told him . 
 i could n't seem to keep it in . 
 he sent me a very hot glance . 
 he loved my admiration , i could tell . 
 even in this cold mood , he was n't immune . 
 `` you think flattery will distract me ? '' 
 i blinked at him . 
 it was n't flattery . 
 it was fact . 
 `` you 're magnificent . '' 
 he did n't respond , just pulled my nipple taut with the tongs , digging the thick needle into my skin . 
 i held my breath , waiting for him to drive it in . 
 i could n't seem to look away . 
 he surprised me when he pulled back , opening the drawer underneath me and dropping the needle and forceps inside . 
 by the look on his face , he 'd surprised himself . 
 he stripped off the latex gloves , tossing them aside . 
 his eyes were on my br ** sts as he bent down to me , sucking on the abused n ** ples . 
 he did it with singleminded focus , drawing on the flesh like his life depended on it . 
 i writhed beneath his ministrations , though my movements were hampered considerably . 
 my head was bent forward as far as it would go and i watched him . 
 his eyes were closed as he suckled there . 
 his hands cupped my br ** sts from the sides , pushing them close together . 
 he moved to my other breast , opening his eyes to gaze up at me , watching me as he very deliberately lapped at the flesh and then sucked so hard that a shudder went through my body , the sensation causing a shock of pleasure to shoot directly to my core . 
 he did n't lift his head when he spoke , his breath punching at my skin , his eyes steady and heavy-lidded on mine . 
 `` i 'm going to drink your milk like this when you breastfeed our children . '' 
 he bent down and began to suck again , drawing at it with hard suction , as though the large globes were already filled with milk . 
 his words made my sex clench . 
 i told myself to reprimand him for saying something so outrageous . 
 to imply that we would have children was stepping over a line , and saying that he would nurse on me like a babe , well , that was just wrong , but my body did n't care . 
 it thrived on any kinky thing that came out of his mouth . 
 he straightened . 
 my h * ps were making little twisting motions even as he pulled away . 
 he watched them , his eyes almost lazy , the lids were so heavy . 
 `` i ca n't pierce you yet . 
 i wo n't be able to suck on your n ** ples , or even play with them , while the piercings heal . 
 that will take months . 
 i just ca n't bear to do it yet . 
 perhaps in a week or two . '' 
 he released my ankles as he spoke , and then my arms , swiftly releasing my cuffs . 
 it always amazed me how quickly he untied my restraints , as though he 'd been trained to do it . 
 for all i knew , he had . 
 he cradled me against him . 
 `` put your arms around my neck , love , '' he murmured , striding from the room . 
 even his voice had changed . 
 it had softened between one moment and the next . 
 the tender lover was back . 
 my james was back . 
 `` i missed you , '' i murmured against his sweaty chest . 
 he gazed down at me , and i could see real surprise in his eyes as he stepped into the elevator car . 
 `` i ca n't shirk my duties to you , as your dom . 
 i know what you need , bianca . 
 and i need you to know that no one else can give it to you like i can . '' 
 he punched the button , and we began to ascend as he spoke . 
 i wanted to respond , but he gripped my hair and leaned down to kiss me . 
 it was a desperate kind of kiss , not altogether practiced . 
 he ate at my mouth like he was starving for me , as though the distance he had put between us had affected him as well . 
 he licked at my mouth , sucking at my injured bottom lip . 
 it hurt , but i did n't mind hurting , and i kissed him back with all of the pent-up longing he had built in me over the cold evening . 
 there was so much i wanted to tell him , about my feelings , about his , and i tried to put it into the kiss . 
 i was much better at communicating my feelings to him in this manner . 
 the elevator stopped and he stepped off , still kissing me , as he strode to his beautiful bed . 
 he laid me on it , pulling away to push his slacks off impatiently . 
 it took the briefest moment , and he was back , arranging me in the middle of the bed . 
 he parted my legs wide , moving his h * ps between them , lowering his chest to mine . 
 he was propped up slightly on his elbows , and he moved those elbows almost into my armpits so he could cup my face as he stared down at me . 
 his eyes were so tender and soft that an embarrassing tear slid down my cheek . 
 his thumb caught it , and he pressed his thick arousal against my sex , pressing that first perfect inch inside of me . 
 he entered me very slowly at first , though i was slick from arousal and the shared fluids from our last bout of f ** king . 
 `` i missed you , '' i told him again , and he groaned , moving into me more forcefully , but with the smoothest strokes . 
 `` i 'm glad , '' he told me with the softest smile . 
 `` i 'm relieved that you want more than just the dominant side of me . '' 
 i wanted so badly right then to tell him that i loved him , but the words would n't form past the lump in my throat . 
 i kissed him instead , gripping my hands in his silky hair and pulling him down to me . 
 he seemed pleased with that , kissing me back with a moan . 
 his thrusts increased into that steady pounding that he 'd taught me to love , and i melted under him , an exquisite orgasm building inside of me . 
 i cried out into his mouth as i came , and he joined me , his own cries just as loud , just as desperate , as mine had been . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he told me , but it was a tender admission that time . 
 he crushed me under him when we 'd finished , as though he did n't even have the energy to roll off of me , when he was the most inexhaustible of men . 
 i did n't complain , even though it was a bit of a struggle to breath like that . 
 but i liked his weight on top of me . 
 i relished it . 
 when he did finally roll off of me , it was only to lay plastered to my side , a heavy arm thrown over me . 
 we did n't speak for long minutes , and i felt a sleepy fog invading my senses . 
 but something was nagging at me , a persistent thought that i wanted to clear between us before exhaustion took me . 
 `` do you feel used by me ? '' 
 i asked him suddenly . 
 he rose on an elbow to meet my eyes squarely . 
 his studied mine , looking sad . 
 it made me feel a little sad just to see it . 
 `` i do n't , '' he said after a long pause . 
 `` i worry that you do n't care for me , not like i care for you . 
 i worry that you are n't able to return my feelings . 
 and i realize that , for the first time in my life , i would let you use me , however you wanted , if it came to that . 
 if that 's all i could get from you , i would take it . '' 
 i stroked his cheek , feeling an almost uncontrollable need to reassure him . 
 `` i do care for you . 
 it scares me sometimes , the way i feel . '' 
 my voice was a whisper . 
 it was all i could manage . 
 his eyes closed and he pressed his cheek into my hand , looking relieved but still almost anguished , all at once . 
 it was hard to look at him , his face was so raw with emotions . 
 `` then live with me , '' he said softly . 
 `` be with me . 
 swear you 'll never leave me . '' 
 i sighed heavily , but i knew him well enough to know that he could n't help but be so demanding . 
 i 'd given him a confession of sorts , and it was his first and strongest instinct to press forward and use it to his advantage . 
 i had known , just known , that he would . 
 when i gave , he took more , it was what both drew me to him , and terrified me about him . 
 `` we need to be rational adults about this , james . 
 let 's start by trying to be together , trying to spend time together , when we can . 
 i think that 's a good start . 
 so , yes to the ` be with you ' part . 
 we 'll see on the rest . '' 
 he arranged me against him for sleep , spooning me from behind , both of us lying on our sides how we slept . 
 `` move in with me . 
 we 'll be traveling so much that i 'm not sure you 'll notice the difference , but say you 'll live with me . 
 just give me that much , and i 'll relent from pressing you for more , for the moment . '' 
 shockingly , his persistence actually just made me smile . 
 that 's when i knew that i was well and truly sated . 
 or perhaps that was just an excuse for my sudden weakness . 
 i made a conscious effort not to analyze it to death , and just thought about his request . 
 what would it mean , to live together ? 
 it was n't a permanent step , right ? 
 i could always withdraw , if i panicked . 
 `` i 'm keeping my house . 
 i worked my ass off for that house , and i 'm keeping it , '' i told him , shocked even as the words left my mouth , because i knew how he would take them , and it was , amazingly , actually how i meant them . 
 his arms squeezed me almost painfully from behind . 
 `` of course . 
 we can stay there when we 're in las vegas . 
 whatever you want . 
 i 'll sell the other house in vegas , if you prefer , though we should probably keep it for the stables , if you want to keep riding . '' 
 i felt such a relief at my own acquiescence , at the world of relief that i heard in his voice and felt in his body , that it floored me . 
 i had wanted this just as much as he had , i realized . 
 i just had n't allowed myself to admit it . 
 `` i do want to keep riding , '' was all i said . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you , bianca . 
 you make me so happy . 
 i never knew life could be like this , '' he murmured into my hair . 
 his voice was thick , as though with tears . 
 i was n't brave enough to look back and see . 
 `` so now you ca n't propose , or do anything else crazy , since you said you 'd relent if i agreed to live with you . '' 
 he stiffened slightly as i spoke , and i was right there with him . 
 my words had been a joke , because of course he would n't propose , but they had made him tense up . 
 that made me tense up . 
 `` how long do i have to wait , then ? '' 
 he asked , his tone earnest . 
 `` give me a time frame , and i 'll respect it . '' 
 the word ` forever ' wanted to shoot out of my mouth , but i counted to ten , trying not to panic . 
 `` i ca n't give you a time frame , james . 
 i ca n't even talk about it without having a panic attack . 
 let 's just enjoy the living together part , ok ? '' 
 he nuzzled against my hair , burrowing deep until he 'd moved all the way into my neck . 
 he kissed me there . 
 `` we 'll talk about it another time . 
 i 'll give you time to grow accustomed to the idea . '' 
 my exhausted body began to drift off , but not before i had the clear thought that he had somehow managed to get me to agree to one huge concession and still insisted on gaining some ground on yet another . 
 impossible , dominant man . 
 chapter twenty-eight i blinked awake slowly . 
 james was still spooned tightly behind me . 
 and he had apparently been the thing that woke me up , as he murmured softly into my ear . 
 he was saying sweet little things , an apology in his soft tone . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my love . 
 i 'd let you sleep longer , i 'd stay like this forever if i could , but i have to go to this thing , and i ca n't bring myself to leave you . 
 please wake up . '' 
 `` i 'm awake , '' i told him in a voice rusty from sleep . 
 he kissed my hair . 
 `` good . '' 
 he sat up , slipping away . 
 i made a loud sound of protest at his absence . 
 he laughed , and it was a carefree , happy sound . 
 i felt my face soften , my whole body softened , and a tender smile took over my face . 
 hearing such a happy sound come out of james made me happy . 
 how not ? 
 i could n't imagine being immune to him . 
 i sat up sluggishly , watching him stride nak * d to the door of the bedroom . 
 i was nak * d myself , and could n't even bring myself to cover up as i sat up , sitting cross-legged and just watching him move . 
 he opened the door , bent down and picked up a large covered tray . 
 he shut the door again with his foot , carrying the tray to a large heavy dresser and setting it on top . 
 he took off the lid , picking up two large plates and moving back to the bed . 
 he handed me one , sitting close to me , cross-legged , to dig into his own . 
 it was a small portion of lightly seasoned salmon with a small cucumber ginger salad on the side . 
 james scarfed it down in a few large bites , and i did n't take much longer to finish mine . 
 `` this feels decadent , eating in your bed , '' i told him between bites . 
 he took my plate from me , smiling . 
 he fed me the last few bites himself . 
 `` our bed , love . 
 everything is ours now , remember . '' 
 i gave him an arch look . 
 that was something i did n't think i 'd ever really agree with . 
 what was his was his . 
 i felt no ownership for any of it , and could n't imagine a time when i would . 
 but i knew it was pointless to argue with him , and i really was n't in the mood to , so i kept my silence . 
 james discarded our cleaned plates on the tray , covering it and shoving it back out of the room . 
 he dragged me into the bathroom , and then the shower , speaking more to me with smiles than words . 
 he washed me as he washed himself , as though i was an extension of him . 
 he even shampooed our hair at the same time , lathering my hair and then his . 
 it was a strange thing , having someone tend to me like that , but i knew it was his preference , and i was growing to love it , as i loved everything he did to me . 
 he even lathered up my underarms and legs , shaving me expertly , bending down under the showers hard spray , without a qualm , to shave my legs . 
 he even had and used the razor i preferred . 
 the man did n't miss a trick . 
 it was a quick shower , though it felt luxurious . 
 he toweled us both dry afterwards , touching all of the marks he 'd made on my body as he did so . 
 he had insisted on leaving my choker on , even to shower , and he dried it carefully and thoroughly . 
 his eyes were enigmatic . 
 if i read him right , he both loved and hated the marks he 'd made on my body . 
 the angry little marks both fascinated and worried him . 
 he pulled me to the bed , laying me down to rub nearly every inch of me with a creamy lotion . 
 `` this is not the thing to start if you want us to leave your house tonight , '' i told him rather breathlessly . 
 he smiled wickedly . 
 `` this is actually me not starting anything . 
 and it 's our house . '' 
 impossible man . 
 he even dressed me , though not in much . 
 he slid me into a tiny black thong , a strapless black bra , and a very short , very sheer black slip . 
 he put on the large diamond hoop earrings that matched my collar . 
 `` did you see the changes i made to our room since the last time you saw it ? '' 
 james asked as he pulled the slip over my head . 
 he pulled on a pair of low slung black athletic shorts , his chest bare . 
 i glanced around . 
 i had n't noticed much of anything since i 'd come to his house . 
 i had been more than a little distracted , with eyes only for james . 
 i saw my paintings almost immediately , once i started looking . 
 he had two of my self-portraits beautifully framed and hanging facing his bed . 
 i did n't know how i had n't seen them before then . 
 they were the most conspicuous pictures on his wall , positioned for a clear view from his bed . 
 `` they kept me company when i was missing you . 
 your larger self portrait is hanging above our fireplace in the main living space downstairs . 
 the others are in the bedrooms of our other properties . 
 and the nude is in our playground . '' 
 `` i did n't see it , '' i told him . 
 that was understandable , i supposed , since i 'd been blindfolded for most of our activities . 
 `` you will next time . 
 and i replaced the mattress and all of the bedding . 
 you said you did n't want me to replace the beds , so as you see , they stayed . 
 also , if you did n't notice , most of the playground was redone . '' 
 i took some deep breaths , trying to process his actions . 
 it was all very sweet , and my heart felt like it was twisting in my chest to think of all he had done for me , but my first instinct was to panic . 
 i counted and breathed and tried to react calmly and reasonably . 
 `` that was very thoughtful , james . 
 you did n't have to do all of that . '' 
 `` i wanted to . 
 we need to get moving . 
 first , we 're meeting with the dresser so you can pick out a dress . 
 you 'll get your hair and makeup done while she makes any adjustments that might be needed . '' 
 as he spoke , he pulled me from the room . 
 i dug in my heels almost immediately . 
 `` you are n't wearing a shirt . 
 there are people in the house ? 
 you 'll give someone a heart attack like that , james . '' 
 he completely ignored me , and i got quickly distracted as i caught a glimpse of the tattoo on his back . 
 it was still so shocking to me , and so lovely . 
 a thought occurred to me . 
 `` are you just showing off your new tats to anyone you can ? '' 
 he flashed me a grin . 
 it did n't tell me much of anything . 
 he was just happy in general , and he was n't putting a shirt on anytime soon . 
 we stayed on the third floor , but walked down the long hallway . 
 he pulled me into the room closest to the stairs . 
 it was a very sparsely furnished guest bedroom decorated in blue . 
 there were racks of dresses everywhere , nearly overwhelming the large room . 
 `` james , is that you ? '' 
 a voice called from what must have been the closet . 
 `` yes , jackie , '' he called back . 
 a small , black-haired woman walked out of the closet , clutching hangers full of colorful dresses in each hand . 
 she grinned at us . 
 she was beautiful , with sleek , long black hair pulled back from her stunning face . 
 her dark eyes were almond shaped and vibrant , with heavy violet eye shadow that brought out her olive skin to perfection . 
 her lips were pure crimson and the shade suited her coloring . 
 she was one of those people who could have been just about any race , but whatever it was , it was lovely . 
 she wore cute little eyeglasses on her nose that were so attractive that you had to wonder if they were just a fashion statement , or if she really required them . 
 she wore an impeccably fitted emerald green sheath with a bright blue belt . 
 her shoes were five inch stilettos and hot pink . 
 she wore a necklace of deep jewel-toned stones , with heavy gold hoops in her ears . 
 both of her wrists were heavy with intricate metal bangles . 
 she looked fashionable and intimidating , and though the outfit somehow worked beautifully , i could tell at a glance that she was a woman who was n't afraid to try and fail at fashion . 
 i was betting that she would think that not trying was the only way to fail . 
 her outfit was timeless elegance but still managed to be trendy . 
 i was impressed . 
 i would have been happy to achieve either of those things . 
 it was ambitious to try for both . 
 she eyed me up and down without shame as james introduced me . 
 `` jackie , this is bianca . 
 bianca , jackie . 
 she 's responsible for all of the new additions to your wardrobe . '' 
 she smiled at me rather expectantly . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 it 's okay if you hate it all . 
 i just need feedback , so i can get an idea of what you do like . 
 james here is my favorite client of all time . 
 he lets me dress him however i like . 
 can you imagine ? 
 it 's every stylists dream , a supermodel of a client who will wear damn near anything i pick out . '' 
 she eyed me critically as she spoke , as though mentally taking my measurements . 
 she even began to circle me . 
 i thought she was a strange little woman . 
 `` i , uh , have n't had much of a chance to look at it . '' 
 she nodded , pursing her lips . 
 `` well , when you do , any feedback would be good . 
 it will give me some direction for your sense of style . '' 
 `` bianca likes the preppy look for men , jackie , '' james told her . 
 `` keep that in mind when you 're shopping for me as well . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` and so it begins . '' 
 she sounded very put out by his request . 
 `` i 'll keep it in mind . '' 
 i shot him a baffled look . 
 where did he come up with this stuff ? 
 he shrugged at me , smiling a little . 
 `` you forget that stephan and i talk . '' 
 she was still circling me , studying me rather unnervingly . 
 `` james had you right on , size-wise . 
 a size 5/6 in the waist and hips , and a 7/8 in the bust and shoulders . 
 you have a body that 's fun for men to play with , but not too fun to dress . 
 your legs are a plus , though . 
 there 's nothing i love to dress more than a killer set of legs . 
 if you lost about ten pounds , though , you could have model proportions . 
 that would be ideal . 
 something to think about . '' 
 some part of me agreed with her about the need to lose ten pounds , but it still stung to hear it . 
 it was petty , but i had gone from kind of liking her to thinking she was awful in a few short sentences . 
 `` jackie , '' james said , a cool warning in his voice . 
 `` she does n't need to lose a pound . 
 if you talk her into a diet , i will fire you . '' 
 she just grinned , uncaring about the warning and my stiff expression . 
 `` okay , okay , just a mild suggestion . '' 
 she laid the colorful armfuls of fabric onto the bed . 
 `` based on your body type and skin tone , i picked out five dresses that i thought had the best shot of suiting you . 
 try them on , if you please , or anything else you see that catches your fancy . '' 
 she seemed to dismiss me completely after she finished speaking , approaching james with wide eyes . 
 she stabbed the red ink on his chest . 
 `` when did this happen ? 
 it has to be brand new ! '' 
 he just grinned , turning to show her his back . 
 she was struck speechless at the sight . 
 i turned my back on them , grabbing the dresses on the bed and heading into the closet to try them on , while they continued to chat . 
 you would n't have known it was a guest room if you were going by the closet . 
 it was the size of a guest room all by itself , with mirrors lining every wall . 
 i assumed this was the room where he usually worked with jackie , going by the clothing , both male and female , lining the walls , tags intact . 
 i hung jackie 's choices on a bare stretch of racks , eyeing them up dubiously . 
 they were gowns . 
 i liked skirts and sundresses well enough if they were cool and comfortable , but i felt overwhelmed even trying on the gowns i was looking at now . 
 i took a deep breath , plunging in . 
 i would n't let someone like jackie see that i was intimidated by the clothes , or any of it , for that matter . 
 i grabbed a plain navy gown first . 
 i could see by the cut of the top half that i would n't be wearing a slip with it , so i slipped out of it before working the silky material over my legs , hips , and finally my bust . 
 it was a strapless gown , with a long slit up the side . 
 it zipped in back , and i could n't manage on my own . 
 i almost took it off just because of that , but with a sigh , i stepped out of the closet to get a hand . 
 jackie was still studying james 's shoulder tattoo when i stepped out of the closet . 
 he shot me a admiring smile . 
 `` that looks great . '' 
 i gave him a rather weak smile . 
 the more i got ready for the gala , the more i felt a little overwhelmed by my misgivings . 
 this was not my world , i did n't want it to be , and i did n't know if i could fake it , even for james . 
 `` can you zip me ? '' 
 i asked him , my voice very stiff . 
 he did , after all , have a strange woman running her fingers along his back . 
 he moved to me , completely ignoring jackie 's demand for him to hold still . 
 he held the back together , zipping me in with more ease than i would have expected . 
 the dress did n't have a bit of give in the silken fabric , and i 'd thought it would be tighter . 
 i turned to the huge mirror mounted on the wall , approaching it to eye the gown with a critical eye . 
 james followed me , watching my face more than anything . 
 i thought he could sense my uncertainty . 
 i thought the dress looked nice enough . 
 `` it fits , '' i said flatly . 
 `` and it 's actually long enough . 
 that 's pretty impressive , i suppose . '' 
 jackie made a little humming sound in her throat . 
 `` they make them long like that , for heels . 
 looks like you 'll need at least a three inch heel to pull that one off . 
 it fits well enough . 
 a little plain , but it fits . '' 
 i headed back into the closet , biting back a comment about the fact that she had been the one to pick the thing out . 
 i chose a pretty lavender gown next . 
 the top was a halter , and it did n't take long to realize that i could n't wear a bra with the neckline . 
 i usually would n't be caught dead going braless in public , but i tried it on , just to see . 
 the way it tied gave the top a surprising amount of support in the bust area , and the silk was soft against my skin . 
 it was fitted , but not tight , from neck to about mid hip , where it fanned out in fluffy layers of chiffon , a high slit showing a lot of one leg . 
 jackie liked her high slitted gowns . 
 it was ultra-feminine but still sexy , and i loved it instantly . 
 james blinked at me as i walked out , his jaw going just a touch slack . 
 i was gratified . 
 i decided instantly to wear the dress . 
 jackie 's input be damned . 
 jackie whistled . 
 `` very nice . 
 i almost want to save that one for a bigger event . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'll wear it tonight , '' i told her . 
 i needed all of the confidence boosting i could get for the night , and james looking at me the way he was looking at me did exactly that . 
 he swallowed , then licked his lips . 
 all of his nervous tells . 
 it made me smile . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' he said , with feeling . 
 `` but it seems a little revealing . 
 do you think it 'll pick up as see-through with the camera flashes , jackie ? '' 
 she gave him a ` do you think i 'm an amateur ? ' 
 kind of look . 
 `` it would n't be in the pile if it did . '' 
 she turned back to me , her voice brisk . 
 `` now to accessorize . 
 you can go start getting dressed yourself , james . 
 i got this . '' 
 chapter twenty-nine jackie pointed me in the direction of shiny navy wedges with a peep toe and a four inch heel . 
 they were more comfortable than they looked , though that was n't saying much . 
 `` does the navy go with the lavender ? '' 
 i asked dubiously . 
 she gave me a very exasperated look . 
 `` would i pair them if they did n't ? 
 and james is wearing this amazing all navy tux . 
 it 's very fashion forward . 
 only a supermodel like james could pull it off . 
 and he mentioned that he likes you guys to match , so i think he 'll like the shoes . 
 eyeing myself up in the mirror , i had to agree that the shoes went well . 
 i would have never guessed the the dress would pop even more with shiny navy shoes , but i was no stylist . 
 she sighed , looking at my jewelry . 
 `` james obviously wants you wearing that choker and earrings . 
 while they 're lovely , i had other accessories in mind for that dress . 
 oh well . 
 sometimes i must compromise my vision . 
 a girl 's got to eat . '' 
 as she finished speaking , james was striding back into the room , a jewelry box in his hands . 
 he was still shirtless . 
 he set it on the bed without a word , just smiling as he strode back out . 
 jackie sighed again , opening the box . 
 her eyes widened . 
 she shot me a speculative glance . 
 she took two thick diamond studded cuffs out of the box , walking to me . 
 she snapped them on my wrists , making no comments about the abrasions that they covered . 
 she circled me , pursing her lips as she tugged at several spots on my dress , adjusting it just so . 
 `` it does n't need alteration , since you 're so damned tall , so that saves time . '' 
 she grabbed a smooth white robe off of a rack , holding it up for me . 
 `` so you do n't mess up the dress while you get hair and makeup done . 
 we have a minute to talk . '' 
 i thought that sounded ominous , but i met her gaze squarely . 
 she arched a brow at me . 
 `` james and i go way back . 
 we went to school together . 
 i 'm his stylist , but it 's not because i need the money . 
 i love fashion , but i come from money myself . 
 i 've had to dodge my fare share of fortune-hunters , but it 's nothing compared to what james has to deal with . '' 
 she eyed me from top to bottom , but it only made my spine straighten . 
 `` you 're attractive enough , but i must admit , i do n't get it . 
 is your vag ** a gold plated ? 
 he 's been chased by supermodels and playboy bunnies . 
 he f ** ked a lot of them , hell , most of them , but he never even talked about having a girlfriend . 
 not once . 
 now you 've moved in with him , and he 's acting like he 's a one woman man for life all of a sudden . 
 i 'll admit , i 'm intrigued and mystified by the change in him , but i do n't understand any of it . 
 how did you wrap him around your little finger , bianca ? 
 and how do you feel about him ? 
 as one of his few close friends , i 'd like to know your intentions . '' 
 i returned her narrowed gaze with an icy one of my own . 
 if i 'd had any doubts before , i knew it now ; jackie and i were not going to be friends . 
 `` if you and james are such close friends , '' i began coldly , `` you should be having this conversation with him , not me . 
 you 're a virtual stranger to me . 
 i wo n't be discussing my feelings , or my intentions , with you . '' 
 she just sighed , as though i 'd disappointed her . 
 `` i was too direct , was n't i ? 
 now you do n't trust me . 
 i 'm blunt , bianca , but we do n't have to be enemies . '' 
 i just gave a little shrug , wanting to end the awkward and personal conversation as quickly as possible . 
 `` hair and makeup ? '' 
 i asked coldly . 
 she sighed again . 
 `` follow me . 
 they 've set up a room for it . '' 
 she led me to a large room one floor down . 
 it had glass walls , and i thought it must have been some sort of entertainment room before they 'd taken it over . 
 there was a huge flatscreen tv mounted on the wall , and several reclining chairs pushed up against the wall , as though to make room for the salon-like setup . 
 two ladies were waiting and chatting , looking antsy as we entered the room . 
 there was a barber shop chair set up in front of a a table loaded with hair products and cosmetics . 
 it was intimidating to imagine the setup was all for my benefit . 
 a thin , dark-haired girl strode towards me , smiling . 
 her heavy chestnut hair hung in waves nearly to her waist . 
 her nose dominated her thin face , but in an attractive kind of way . 
 it was somehow a distinctive nose , rather than just large . 
 her big , dark eyes helped . 
 and her artfully applied makeup , with smoky eyes and plum colored lips . 
 `` i 'm amy , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll be doing your makeup . 
 it 's very nice to meet you , ms. karlsson . '' 
 i shook her hand , thinking that her amiable approach had to be the polar opposite of jackie 's . 
 `` nice to meet you , amy . 
 please , call me bianca . '' 
 the second woman stepped forward , her smile just as friendly as amy 's . 
 `` i 'm ariel . 
 i 'll be doing your hair . 
 nice to finally meet you , ms. karlsson . '' 
 i shook her hand , smiling . 
 the friendly women were already helping me shake off the awkwardness that was jackie . 
 `` bianca , please . 
 nice to meet you , as well . '' 
 they sat me in the chair , tripping over each other to discuss my hair and makeup , then giggling at each other . 
 they were obviously friends . 
 i made it easy on them . 
 `` you 're the experts . 
 i trust your judgement , so fix me up however you think is best . '' 
 i 'd never spared much time or thought on my appearance , and i did n't intend to let my strange new lifestyle change that . 
 this seemed to please them both , and they set to work . 
 i closed my eyes , just letting them . 
 they worked on me , blowdrying my hair , and applying my makeup for maybe ten minutes before i felt james enter the room . 
 both women paused for scant moments before resuming their ministrations . 
 i guessed that he 'd waved them back to their work , sitting somewhere to watch . 
 i felt ariel begin to play with my hair , pulling it back and twisting it . 
 `` leave her hair down , '' james said from somewhere to my right . 
 ariel let it fall without a word , smoothing it out . 
 james was n't quiet for a full minute before speaking again . 
 `` are you ignoring me , love ? '' 
 impatient man . 
 `` if you did n't notice , amy is applying makeup to my face . 
 i 'm trying to hold still . '' 
 he made a little noise of displeasure in his throat . 
 `` you can open your eyes , bianca . 
 i can work around it , '' amy told me . 
 i could tell she was just trying to appease james , since i could still feel her working on my eyelids . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'll hold still until you 're done , '' i told her . 
 it was maybe thirty seconds before james spoke again . 
 `` did you like the cuffs ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` they 're lovely . 
 thank you , '' i told him . 
 amy and ariel began to ooh and ah over my diamond jewelry . 
 `` that is luxe . 
 who did you borrow from ? 
 you 'll need a bodyguard for this kind of jewelry . '' 
 ariel 's voice was awed . 
 james answered for me , but i felt my cheeks redden . 
 i had tried very hard not to think about how much the jewelry he gave me was worth , but her comment made it harder to ignore . 
 `` i actually had it all designed for her , '' james told them . 
 `` it 's her own personal collection . '' 
 more oohs and ahs . 
 `` what a generous boyfriend , '' amy said , her voice dreamy . 
 `` that 's nothing . 
 i have n't even begun to gift her with my mother 's jewels . 
 she left me a queen 's ransom 's worth , '' james said , a clear grin in his voice . 
 i thought the two women were going to swoon as they rushed to tell him how wonderful he was . 
 he was wonderful , but i could n't bring myself to be pleased with the prospect of more extravagant gifts . 
 they still just made me uncomfortable . 
 and if he was n't joking , if he really did intend to give me some of the jewels his mother had left him , well , that was even more disconcerting . 
 it seemed like such a huge step . 
 you did n't give a woman things with such sentimental value unless she was your wife , or you were certain that she would be . 
 the thought still made my blood run cold . 
 would he really push this issue so soon after i had agreed to live with him ? 
 i still could n't believe we were moving so incredibly fast , and yet he only wanted more . 
 i tried not to panic at the thought . 
 `` she even left me her five-carat princess cut diamond engagement ring , surrounded by sapphire baguettes . 
 do n't you ladies think that would look particularly lovely on bianca 's left hand ? '' 
 i felt myself get a little light-headed , but the ladies went crazy , gushing over how romantic he was . 
 i told myself , rather desperately , that he was only joking , that he was just having fun at our expense , but i was beginning to know him well enough to be worried . 
 `` just take deep breaths , love . 
 you 'll grow accustomed to the idea , once the initial shock wears off , '' james told me , his tone rather casual considering the topic matter . 
 the ladies giggled , as though he were joking . 
 if only . 
 `` james , '' i began . 
 `` deep breaths , '' he said again , the clear smile in his voice infuriating . 
 but i took a few deep breaths , and it did help a little . 
 amy and ariel finished my hair and makeup within seconds of each other , almost as though they had it down to a science . 
 they seemed to be used to working together , so i would n't be surprised if that was the case . 
 `` thank you , ladies , '' james said , his voice a touch husky . 
 i knew that tone . 
 it was n't fit for company . 
 it was way too tender and affected for that . 
 `` you can open your eyes , bianca . 
 tell us what you think . 
 we can change anything you do n't like , '' amy said , her voice endearingly earnest . 
 i looked . 
 i was ... stunned . 
 i looked more lovely than i had thought makeup could make me . 
 my eyes were lined in a soft brown , my lashes sooty and black . 
 my lids were a pale lavender near the brows , with a more vibrant violet along my lashes . 
 the color brought out my eyes startlingly , the liner making them look huge in my rounded face . 
 just a touch of bronzer on my cheeks had me glowing , and a soft , shiny pink lip made my lips look plump and kissable . 
 my hair was straight and smooth , the short bangs working with the makeup to bring out my pale aquamarine eyes . 
 `` wow , '' i managed to get out . 
 `` exquisite , '' james murmured . 
 my eyes traveled to him when he spoke . 
 he had turned one of the reclining chairs towards me , and was lounging in it comfortably , one perfectly tailored leg crossed over a knee , shiny navy shoes gleaming in the light . 
 they were the mens version of my shoes . 
 i knew he 'd get a kick out of that , if he had n't noticed already . 
 hell , i got a bit of a kick out of it . 
 he looked amazing , of course . 
 jackie had been right about his tux being fashion forward . 
 it was sleek and navy , more fitted than a normal tux , showing off his stark muscular build to perfection . 
 even his sleek dress shirt and bow tie were a dark navy that caught the light a bit more than the rest of the ensemble . 
 it was something you would normally only see on a runway at fashion week , because no one who was n't a damned supermodel could pull it off . 
 the dark navy set off his dark tan , his turquoise eyes shining vibrantly against the dark contrasts . 
 his hair was slicked back just a tad . 
 i pointed at him . 
 `` did it really only take you ten minutes to look like that ? 
 that is so unfair . '' 
 he looked at his watch . 
 it was n't one i 'd seen before . 
 i had quickly caught on that he liked to collect watches . 
 expensive ones , of course . 
 `` love , it only took you forty-five minutes , so you ca n't really complain , either . 
 that 's unheard of for a red carpet event . '' 
 i waved a hand at the women hovering behind me . 
 `` it took a team to get me ready that fast , mr. beautiful . '' 
 amy and ariel giggled at the name . 
 james smirked . 
 `` every woman attending tonight had a team getting them ready , love , and i guarantee that no one other than you only took forty-five minutes , team or no . '' 
 james politely dismissed my ` team ' of beautifiers , and i thanked them again . 
 when we were finally alone , he pulled me to my feet , whipping off the white robe that protected my gown . 
 his eyes were hot as he just stared at me , studying me from head to toe . 
 he smiled when he saw our matching patent-leather navy shoes . 
 `` i take it you like me all dolled up like this . 
 are you going to try to have those two follow me around to achieve the affect more often ? '' 
 i asked him , only half-teasing . 
 there was no telling what the crazy man would do . 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth , a gesture that always drove me wild . 
 `` to tell you the truth , i like you best bare of makeup and everything else . 
 i 've never met a woman who looked more beautiful without a thing on . 
 but i have to admit that i love the idea of shoving you in the face of the press when you look so polished and lovely , and when they 've printed so many unflattering things about you . 
 it will make them all look like fools , after some of the nonsense that 's been posted . '' 
 i gave a little shrug . 
 i really could n't let the things being said about me get to me , or i 'd never leave my house again . 
 i thought that it was a little naive for james to think that he could change anyone 's mind after the things that had been said about him . 
 i certainly would n't be holding my breath . 
 chapter thirty jackie reappeared as we were almost to the elevator , handing me a tiny navy patent-leather clutch . 
 it was cute , but i hated having something on me that would take up the use of my hand for the entire night , so i declined . 
 she looked baffled by the refusal , looking at the clutch in her hand as though it had done something to warrant the rejection . 
 i looked at james . 
 `` do i need to take anything ? '' 
 he considered . 
 `` only what you would consider essential . 
 if you do n't have anything you want to bring , then you certainly do n't have to . '' 
 `` but it completes the ensemble ! '' 
 jackie said . 
 i just looked at her . 
 if she was paying attention , she could have seen in my eyes that i just did n't care that much about ` completing the ensemble ' . 
 she finally got the idea , moving out of our way , though the look she gave me was less than friendly . 
 `` will you be attending tonight ? '' 
 james asked her as he led me into the elevator by a hand on the small of my back . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i may come to hound the red carpet press about who i dressed tonight . 
 free publicity and all that . '' 
 james just nodded , pushing the button . 
 jackie hurried into the car . 
 she seemed to have just realized that she was leaving , too . 
 she pushed the button for the fifteenth floor . 
 she saw my look . 
 `` i live in this building , as well , '' she explained . 
 well , that was handy , i thought . 
 she got off on her floor with a dismissive little wave . 
 `` what do you think of jackie ? '' 
 james asked as soon as the door closed . 
 i gave him my little shrug that drove him crazy . 
 i was going for nonchalant , but i ruined it with a dumb question . 
 `` have you slept with her ? '' 
 he did n't get offended , as most men probably would . 
 he never seemed to mind my inquiries about his past affairs . 
 he did n't like my questions , but he seemed ever willing to give me answers . 
 i appreciated his candor , even if i did n't always like his answers . 
 `` i have not . 
 we have always been strictly platonic , and we 've been friends since high school . 
 so what did you think of her ? '' 
 i grimaced a little , but not so he could see it . 
 `` i 'm trying hard to reserve judgement , at the moment . 
 she told me you 've been friends for a long time , but she seems to be nurturing a vague dislike for me . 
 the feeling is very much mutual , so far . '' 
 his hand gripped my hip almost painfully . 
 `` why ? 
 what did she say to you ? '' 
 i shot him a look . 
 `` she thinks i 'm after your money , i guess . 
 it 's what you can expect everyone to be thinking and saying . 
 i 'll have to get used to that kind of nonsense , i suppose . '' 
 he used the tight grip on my hip to push my other side into his rigid stomach . 
 he spoke very close to my ear , as though we were n't alone in the elevator . 
 `` you do n't have to put up with that . 
 we can fire her . 
 you can fire anyone who does n't suit you , for any reason . '' 
 i placed a hand on his chest , right on his heart , where my name was branded . 
 i looked up into his beloved eyes . 
 `` that 's not necessary . 
 you 've obviously been able to maintain a good working relationship with her over the years . 
 maybe just do n't have her shop for me anymore . 
 i do n't want anything else , anyways . 
 it 's all too much , james . '' 
 `` i will have a word with her , bianca . 
 if she disrespects you again , i 'm firing her . 
 she will get a clear warning , but only one . '' 
 i rubbed that sweet little spot on his chest . 
 `` people will be thinking that , james . 
 we need to be prepared for it . 
 it 's a conversation that i will undoubtedly be having again and again . 
 there 's no way for me to prove to the world that i do n't want a damned cent from you . '' 
 we arrived at the lobby floor , and he hugged me into his side , a hand going to the hoop at my collar to hook in that familiar finger as we made our way through the swank lobby and to the waiting town car . 
 in the scant space from the building 's doorway to the car , three flashbulbs snapped at us just getting into the car . 
 james ushered me in without a word , crowding in behind me . 
 i scooted across the seat to give him room , but he just followed me , plastering me to his side as the door closed behind him . 
 he kissed the skin just behind my ear as he spoke . 
 `` and yet , it 's all yours , love . 
 every damned cent . 
 i want to lay the world at your feet . 
 there 's nothing i would n't do for you . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 i rubbed my hands over him comfortingly , hearing a strange vulnerability in his voice . 
 i stroked his knee , and found my favorite spot on his heart , running my hand over it again and again . 
 `` i do n't need any of that , james . 
 i 've grown to need you . 
 i love your honesty , and your tenderness , and your dominance . '' 
 i took a deep breath , suddenly panicky about the things coming out of my mouth . 
 i had never said anything quite so revealing to him before . 
 `` but i do n't need any of that other stuff , '' i said firmly . 
 `` nonetheless , you have it , '' he murmured , burying his face in my neck . 
 he began to suckle me there , and i melted . 
 he pulled back abruptly . 
 `` i do n't want to muss you up for your first red carpet . '' 
 i was breathless when i responded . 
 `` at least i 'm not nervous now . 
 i ca n't even remember why i should care enough to be nervous . 
 i only care about getting you to touch me again . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 it was his happy laugh , and i felt my whole body get soft , my smile as our eyes met unmistakably tender . 
 i did n't think there was much i would n't do to make him that happy . 
 and yet i had done so little to make him so . 
 it seemed miraculous to me that my every small gesture seemed to affect him so . 
 he was still giving me that boyish smile as the car stopped . 
 the gala was apparently very close to his home . 
 james handed me out of the car expertly , his hand falling swiftly to my waist . 
 he ushered me through the press as though it were a dance , the cameras snapping at us in quick succession . 
 i plastered my most polished smile on my face . 
 it was a photo-ready smile , if a touch cool . 
 i had perfected it at a young age . 
 growing up fast and painfully had taught me that smile . 
 yes , it was polished , but i had earned that polish . 
 a few photographers shouted out some rather rude comments , but we both ignored them . 
 they were acting that way for a reaction , and it was the last thing i would give them . 
 my smile never even slipped . 
 james kissed my forehead when we finally made our way into the grand entrance of the building . 
 `` you 're a natural . 
 those bloodhounds can take some getting used to . '' 
 my mind had already moved past the strange red carpet experience when i saw a doorway into some kind of elaborate ballroom . 
 `` oh , james , i do n't know how to dance . 
 i did n't even think of it . '' 
 he kissed my forehead again , and i caught the edge of his smile at the top of my vision . 
 `` you only need to dance with me , love . 
 and we know all too well that if i lead , you know how to follow , even without experience . '' 
 i tried to tell myself that he may well be right . 
 perhaps it would just be that easy . 
 i felt the nerves clench in my stomach nonetheless . 
 a seemingly endless stream of introductions and polite mingling began almost immediately . 
 i gathered from some of the pleasantries exchanged that this was a gala that his mother had been involved with before she 'd passed . 
 she had made the charity rounds , i learned , donating generous amounts of both her time and money . 
 james had mentioned briefly that it was a fundraiser for cancer research at a prominent new york hospital . 
 i tried to say the right things when addressed , but i felt quickly out of my depth . 
 i had never been to anything like the gala before , and i was overwhelmed by all of the affluent company i was suddenly keeping . 
 it was daunting , to say the least . 
 james , for his part , was a perfect date for such an event , including me in conversations that really had nothing to do with me , and keeping a warm hand on my hip , often sending warm , reassuring smiles my way . 
 he seemed content just to have me at his side . 
 but i just felt awkward , as though i had no purpose there . 
 the introductions quickly became a blur for me . 
 most of the people i met had n't left enough of an impression to put a face with a name even moments after moving on . 
 there were a few exceptions . 
 after mingling for a solid hour , we were approached by the most austere looking woman i had ever seen in my life . 
 she had to be seventy , with silver hair pulled back into a severe bun , and a navy gown that went from her neckline to her toes , the stark lines showing a sparse figure . 
 she stood directly in front of us before she spoke . 
 her tone was icy , her accent crisp and british . 
 `` james . 
 and how are you this evening ? '' 
 his eyes were cold as he studied the woman , but the moment he spoke , i detected a note of something i 'd never heard from him before . 
 it was almost as if he affected a slightly sneering tone , mimicking her accent just enough to goad her . 
 i watched him in fascination . 
 `` aunt mildred . 
 i am well . 
 and how are you this fine evening ? '' 
 her brow arched . 
 i thought that to her it may have been a way of answering . 
 she never spared me a glance . 
 `` well enough . 
 i have been hearing things about you , though . 
 disturbing things . 
 even more disturbing than your usual debaucheries . 
 please tell me that you have n't invited a penniless flight attendant to live in one of your homes . '' 
 i stiffened , but still could n't look away from james . 
 how did everyone seem to know that we had moved in together before it had even happened ? 
 i had barely even agreed to the arrangement . 
 his eyes began to twinkle , but it was n't a good kind of twinkle . 
 it was as though he had engaged this woman in hostile banter too many times to count , and i thought he just might look forward to offending her . 
 `` aunt mildred , meet my girlfriend , bianca . 
 bianca , this is my charming aunt mildred . '' 
 the awful woman just slanted me a malevolent stare , giving me a sneer . 
 `` now , now , auntie , '' james began in that goading tone , `` you had better play nice with my dearest bianca . 
 i have not invited her to live in one of my homes . 
 i have welcomed her into all of them . 
 and though i know it would break your heart if anything were to ever happen to me , you will be beholden to this angel to cover your living expenses when i pass away , as she will be my sole inheritor . '' 
 i shot him a look . 
 i did n't care for him putting me in the middle of what was obviously a family squabble . 
 i let my eyes tell him as much . 
 he just smiled at me , stroking a finger down my cheek . 
 mildred harrumphed . 
 `` i know you like to have your fun at my expense , you rotten boy , but this is going too far . 
 really , what a ridiculous thing to say . 
 you 'll give the poor chit delusions of grandeur . '' 
 he stopped smiling , giving her a very serious look . 
 `` it is no joke , mildred . 
 meet my future . 
 her name is bianca . 
 come to terms with it . 
 my advice would be to get on her good side . '' 
 with that , he led me away . 
 chapter thirty-one he was tense as he led me away . 
 `` please do n't involve me in that family stuff , james . 
 it makes me horribly uncomfortable . '' 
 his mouth tightened . 
 `` just handle it with the practicality that you 've handled the press , love . 
 my family is f ** ked up to the nth degree , and you are now a part of it . 
 trust me , it 's best to face them all head on . '' 
 `` facing them is different than goading that awful woman with lies about heirs or inheritors . '' 
 he pursed his lips , studying me . 
 i could tell that he was debating with himself what he should say to me . 
 `` it was n't a lie , bianca . 
 you will be inheriting everything , should i pass . 
 i 've already begun the process . '' 
 i swayed a little on my feet , feeling suddenly quite light-headed . 
 `` please do n't , james . 
 do n't say that , and if you 're so crazy that it 's actually the truth , do n't do it . 
 it is the last thing i want . 
 your family will despise me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to say that they will despise you regardless . 
 they are a spiteful nest of vipers , and if something should happen to both of us , all of the family wealth will be going to my mother 's favorite charities . 
 i know you will tell me that i am too hasty , that it 's all too sudden , but this is how i do things , bianca . 
 when i 'm certain of something , i am decisive about it . '' 
 his eyes were steady on mine as he spoke , and we stared at each for a long moment while i tried to process what he was saying . 
 `` you wo n't sway me from this , '' he continued , `` i 'm quite set on this course . 
 it only needs to bother you as much as you let it . 
 go back to pretending that you do n't know , if you need to . '' 
 i gave him a long , level stare . 
 `` you 're impossible , '' i told him . 
 he had the nerve to grin . 
 his gaze shot to a spot behind me , and in an instant that grin was gone , replaced by a very careful , very blank mask . 
 it worried me . 
 i did n't want to see what had bothered him enough to close him off so quickly . 
 i turned , a feeling close to dread in my stomach , and sure enough , it was justified . 
 jules was less than ten feet away , clearly making her way to us through the crush . 
 james moved in close to me , tilting his head closer to my ear . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know she would be here . '' 
 `` i 'm not avoiding her , '' i told him , my eyes never leaving the ravishingly beautiful woman . 
 she was stunning in a cream silk gown . 
 her shoulders were perfect and delicate in the classic sleeveless gown , her skin a perfect dusky shade against the pale silk . 
 my own shoulders were broad and bony and pale . 
 her cl ** vage was perfect , showing just enough to be tasteful and sexy . 
 my own cl ** vage felt vulgar in comparison . 
 fair or not , i hated her . 
 `` that 's for the best , in general , i suppose , '' james said quietly into my ear . 
 `` i can see from here , though , that she is determined to start trouble for us . 
 please , my love , do n't let her get to you . '' 
 i took deep breaths , not answering . 
 the last time i had seen the woman , i had been devastated by the things she had implied about her relationship with james . 
 if i could trust james , and i was beginning to , this woman had to be close to crazy , planting stories to the press about their fictional romantic love affair . 
 i was bound and determined not to let her ruffle my feathers . 
 she was n't worth it , even if she was one of the most beautiful women i 'd ever seen . 
 i despised her for that , for being so close to the female counterpart to james 's impossible beauty . 
 jules gave us what appeared to be a truly genuine smile as she drew close . 
 `` james ! 
 bianca ! 
 how lovely to see you both . '' 
 she air kissed both of our cheeks . 
 our responses and postures were nearly identical as she leaned close to us both . 
 stiff and distrustful . 
 james held me to him with a hard arm around my waist , his hand snaking to grip my hip firmly . 
 one side of the front of his body pressed into my back . 
 i thought resentfully that jules even smelled divine as she pulled back with a smile on her blood red lips . 
 `` give it a rest , jules . 
 i know about the stories you 've been planting . 
 just what did you hope to accomplish with any of it ? 
 and bringing her here ? 
 what are you doing ? 
 why waste so much energy ? 
 just for pure spite ? 
 or are really so addicted to staying in the headlines ? '' 
 james spoke in a cold , disdainful voice that somehow managed to be bored . 
 jules 's smile barely slipped , but i sensed how his disdain crushed her as i looked into her gray eyes . 
 she 's in love with him , i thought . 
 i should n't have been surprised , all things considered . 
 and of course , the largest consideration was the man himself . 
 who would n't be in love with him ? 
 i had n't noticed the second woman until james mentioned her , though it was hard to believe that anyone could overlook the stunning woman . 
 perhaps it was her size . 
 she was very petite , maybe five feet tall , with curly black hair that hung loose to her waist . 
 her face was devastatingly beautiful . 
 even jules was no match for this woman . 
 she had the face of an angel , her eyes a clear blue that stood out on her dusky skin . 
 that dusky skin was nearly the same shade as the woman who stood so close to her side . 
 in fact , their skin tones matched perfectly enough to make me think they could be sisters . 
 either that , or they 'd used the same spray tanner . 
 if so , it was worth every penny . 
 she wore a crimson dress that matched her pouty bow-shaped lips . 
 it was a classic style that matched jules 's gown almost perfectly , down to the silky material , one of them red , one of them white , as though they had planned it . 
 an angel and a devil . 
 they were holding hands , and i knew this woman was trouble for me . 
 just knew it . 
 it was probably the way her focus never wavered from james . 
 as though he had trained her never to look away from him ... `` bianca , dear , this is jolene . 
 jolene , bianca . 
 i know you were dying to meet her . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 jules addressed jolene . 
 jolene shrugged a lovely shoulder , her gaze never leaving james . 
 `` hello , mr. cavendish , '' she said softly . 
 her voice was almost breathy and bled over-the-top sexy vibes across the scant feet separating them . 
 i looked at james , almost scared to see his reaction to the stunning woman . 
 he gave her a stiff nod , his eyes cold and unreadable . 
 `` jolene . '' 
 jules ignored all of the awkwardness , beaming at me as though we were longtime friends . 
 `` you and jolene have a lot in common , bianca . 
 i bet you can guess at some of it ... '' the hand on my hip had turned into an absolute death-grip . 
 `` well , we 've had about enough of the immature games for tonight . 
 please excuse us , ladies . 
 ah , perfect . 
 i think i see your brother , jules . '' 
 i got a fleeting glance of the near-panicked expression on jules 's face as james tugged me away . 
 she was searching the crowd , looking none too happy . 
 i did n't have time to ask james any questions about the odd exchange , and the conclusions i 'd drawn , before he was introducing me to a stunning man who i knew at a glance had to be jules 's brother . 
 they could have been twins , though he was much taller and broader . 
 `` bianca , this is my good friend , parker . 
 parker , this is my bianca . '' 
 the man smiled warmly , much as his sister did , though i thought his smile might actually be genuine . 
 `` so good to meet you , bianca . 
 james has instructed me not to scare you off , but i would like to thank you for finally getting him to settle down . 
 my wife and i would love to have you both over for dinner . 
 at your convenience , of course . 
 you should see james with our two-year-old . 
 you 'll get baby fever at a glance , i guarantee it . '' 
 i was still stiff and upset from the exchange with jules and jolene , and this only made me tense up even more . 
 i simply had no idea how to respond to such a statement . 
 did n't even know where to begin . 
 james just sighed . 
 `` that 's not a great way of not scaring her off , parker . 
 of course , it does n't help that we just ran into your deranged sister . 
 she 's being crazier than ever , by the way . 
 she 's here with jolene . '' 
 parker began to scan the crowd at that . 
 `` that little brat . 
 what the hell is she doing , anyways ? 
 what does she hope to accomplish ? 
 she 's only making it so you 'll never want to speak to her again . 
 i 'll have a word with her . 
 which way did she go ? '' 
 james pointed in the direction we had come from , and parker was off in a flash . 
 james grinned at me . 
 `` he 'll lecture her all night . '' 
 i could n't reply as yet another woman approached us , her smile friendly and warm . 
 she was maybe five seven , with curly white-blond hair clipped up in an elegant style . 
 she was classically beautiful , with even features and soft pink lips . 
 the color of her soft pink gown suited her perfectly . 
 it was one shouldered and mermaid style , with fluffy layers of taffeta making it move playfully as she walked . 
 i did n't think many women could have pulled the style off . 
 she had a very slim figure , and moved with absolute confidence in her own skin . 
 i thought that jackie would love to dress that figure . 
 she walked directly into james 's arms for a long embrace . 
 i watched the exchange with the cool mask i had adopted for the evening , taking a careful step away from them . 
 i wondered what the odds were that james somehow had n't slept with this lovely woman . 
 i was guessing not good . 
 i was happy to be wrong . 
 she pulled back finally to smile at us both , looking back and forth between us . 
 she smiled , her gaze finally just settling on me . 
 `` you must be bianca . 
 i 'm so happy to meet you . 
 i 'm parker 's wife , sophia . '' 
 i smiled back , but i knew it was stiff . 
 i had become too guarded to even try to adopt a real smile . 
 `` pleased to meet you , sophia . '' 
 `` jules is at it again . 
 parker has gone off to try to talk some sense into her . 
 she and jolene came here together . '' 
 sophia grimaced . 
 `` that little fool . '' 
 she looked at me , reaching out to touch my arm reassuringly . 
 `` jules puts on a good show , but she is basically a society princess who 's spoiled to the point that she 's never had to deal with the notion that she ca n't have everything she wants . 
 she 's being particularly dense about the fact that she ca n't have james . 
 it drives parker and i crazy that , to this day , their daddy gives her everything she wants . 
 she 's never had to work a day in her life , and she has way too much time on her hands to cause trouble . '' 
 sophia looked at james . 
 `` parker is seriously considering telling their daddy about some of the things she 's done . 
 she 's got her parents half sold on some of her delusions about you two . 
 as though she 's been holding a torch all these years , as opposed to the truth , which is that she 's always done whatever the hell she wants , with whoever she wants , male or female . 
 hell , she made a pass at me when parker and i became engaged . 
 the fact is , she 's thinks she 's in love with you , but that 's only because she 's too selfish to know what love actually is . 
 and you 've always been clear about how you felt . '' 
 she took a breath after that little speech . 
 i just blinked at her . 
 not many people were so open at a first meeting . 
 `` anyways , '' she continued , `` do n't be surprised if you see jules and parker 's parents and it 's a touch awkward . 
 they have no notion of what 's actually going on . '' 
 james sighed heavily . 
 `` i ca n't say i 'm looking forward to it . 
 perhaps i should have a word with them myself . 
 the things she 's been telling the gossip mags is unacceptable . '' 
 sophia blanched . 
 `` yes , you 're absolutely right , but i think parker should be the one to speak to them about all of it . 
 i 'll make sure he does that sooner rather than later . '' 
 james nodded , but he did not look happy about it . 
 sophia seemed to spot someone in the crush behind us . 
 she kissed me on the cheek . 
 `` please , you have to come have dinner at our house sometime . 
 i promise the talk will be about more pleasant things . '' 
 i nodded rather stiffly before she strode away . 
 james watched her go , waving at whoever she was joining . 
 i guessed it was parker , though i did n't turn to look . 
 he studied me for a long time , looking solemn and a touch worried . 
 `` are you okay , love ? '' 
 i just studied him , my chest feeling tight and achy . 
 `` jolene was your submissive , '' i said , my voice very soft . 
 chapter thirty-two his mouth tightened and his jaw clenched , but he did n't look even a little surprised that i had guessed . 
 `` yes , she was . 
 past-tense . 
 please , let 's not talk about it here . 
 i 'll tell you anything you want to know , but later . '' 
 i thought of him doing all of the things that he did to me to that perfect creature , and i felt sick . 
 how could i compete with someone so beautiful ? 
 and how could he want me for long , when he had a woman like that , still so obviously infatuated with him ? 
 the thought was daunting and demoralizing . 
 he gripped my nape firmly . 
 my gaze had gone a little glassy with my thoughts , but i looked back at him squarely . 
 his face was composed , but there was trouble in his eyes . 
 `` please do n't think like that , '' he said , his voice quiet but pained . 
 i arched a brow at him . 
 `` you 're reading my mind now ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 i was only half-joking . 
 the man had an uncanny ability to read me . 
 he sighed . 
 `` in a way . 
 i could tell by looking at you that you were having doubts about us . 
 about me . 
 i ca n't change my past , bianca . 
 all i can do is be honest with you , and i 've done my best . '' 
 i tried to make him understand . 
 `` i understand that . 
 but understanding and feeling okay with it are n't always the same . 
 your past , all of the other women ... intimidate me . 
 there 's no way i can compete with all of that . '' 
 his eyes got a little wild at my words . 
 his voice held a hint of cold anger when he spoke . 
 `` i 've never asked you to . 
 you have no competition for me , bianca . '' 
 someone should tell his ex-lovers that , i thought , but even as i had the thought , i knew it was petty . 
 he studied me , visibly calming himself in that mercurial way of his . 
 `` let 's go dance , '' he murmured , leading me in the direction of the ballroom . 
 `` i really do n't know how , '' i said to him , voice pitched low so i would n't be overheard . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i want to show you something . 
 come . '' 
 he led me purposefully into the ballroom , and onto the dance floor without further ado . 
 he pulled me into a dance as though it were the most natural thing in the world . 
 and it turned out to be just that . 
 he led , and i followed . 
 he held me close in his arms , barely a breath between us , and moved us as though we 'd practiced a thousand times . 
 he murmured into my ear as he led us through the steps that turned out to be easy and natural . 
 `` you may not like my experience . 
 but it has it 's uses . 
 it made me see very early on that you and i are different . 
 this thing we have is different . 
 take this dance , for example . 
 it comes so natural , the leading and the following , because you and i are so perfectly matched . 
 and i knew it would . 
 i had no doubts , and i was correct . 
 that 's how it 's always been with you , bianca . 
 you are not experienced . 
 and perhaps that 's why you ca n't see how perfect we are together . 
 not how i see it , anyways . 
 that 's why you need to learn to trust me . 
 i 'm sure of this , sure of us . 
 i will endeavor to convince you as well , my love . '' 
 i let him lead me through the dance , and it felt like a dream . 
 he took control and it was magic . 
 a heavy violin added a thread of melancholy to the dance , but it added emotion as well . 
 i looked at him as we moved , but i could have closed my eyes , it came so naturally . 
 there were times when i could let him take control , and it was perfect . 
 i had thought that effect could only work in the bedroom , but apparently he dominated the dance floor as well . 
 `` oh , james , '' i sighed , not knowing what to do with him . 
 he was a force of nature . 
 `` this is all so fast . 
 you overwhelm every part of me . '' 
 i had n't meant to ruin the moment , but i felt him stiffen instantly at my words . 
 `` that sounds ominous , '' he said , his voice very low and carrying an almost imperceptible hitch . 
 i wondered sadly if i had put the vulnerability in his eyes . 
 if i was the reason for his oh-so-careful demeanor . 
 but then i mentally chastised myself . 
 i was giving myself too much credit . 
 perversely , the thought made me feel both sad and reassured . 
 he led me from the floor as the music died briefly . 
 he ignored the music as it started up again , a slow , sensuous chord strong in the instrumental song . 
 i just knew that i had darkened his mood . 
 `` i need to use the restroom , james , '' i told him quietly . 
 mostly i needed a moment to myself . 
 i had only spoken the truth . 
 i was utterly overwhelmed by him . 
 still , it hurt me to displease him , as i knew my constant reluctance did , and i needed a moment alone to compose myself . 
 a wave of sadness rocked me . 
 i was supposed to be the innocent one here , but i simply could n't trust james in the way he seemed to trust me . 
 the very idea was impossible to me . 
 i did n't even trust my own feelings . 
 every emotion he made me feel was met with my reluctance , and my skepticism , and my doubt . 
 i felt like half of a person , the part that could trust other people somehow missing from my soul . 
 `` of course . 
 this way , '' he said , his voice just as quiet as mine had been , leading my by a hand gripped just above my elbow . 
 i felt an urge to reassure him , or even to apologize , for what , i was n't quite sure . 
 in the end , i was silent . 
 he led me to the restrooms , pointing down the hallway as we parted . 
 `` i 'll be waiting in the antechamber to the dining hall . '' 
 he walked away . 
 even the restroom was daunting , huge with cream and white marble along the floor , and thick columns that seemed out of place in a bathroom . 
 the stalls were made of glass that frosted over from transparent to opaque as you clicked the lock into place . 
 i 'd seen the trick before in a few hotspot vegas clubs , but i was still vaguely impressed with the effect . 
 i just stood there for the longest time , door closed , taking deep , painful breaths . 
 i tried to place what was affecting me so . 
 i felt myself falling , once again , so deeply under james 's intoxicating spell , but some part of me just could n't trust him . 
 but was it him ? 
 or was it me ? 
 was i so superficial that , just because he was so impossibly beautiful , i did n't believe he could ever really fall for me the way i 'd so easily fallen for him ? 
 he had an angel 's face , but his eyes were so hypnotically tarnished , a mirror of my own pain in their depths . 
 i had never been superficial , and i knew that his looks had n't been what made me fall for him . 
 it was the soul underneath all of that beautiful packaging . 
 i had seen that he was more , so why would n't i let myself trust that ? 
 why had that seductively beautiful submissive , so much closer to his physical equal than myself , shaken my faith in him with just a brief encounter ? 
 was i insecure , or just realistic ? 
 i berated myself , again and again , for being foolish . 
 if he had wanted to be with jolene , he would n't be with me ... finally , when i felt i had given myself a good enough pep talk , i let myself out of the stall . 
 i nodded politely to the bathroom attendant as i washed my hands . 
 i was checking my makeup carefully in the mirror when two figures breezed through the door . 
 i stiffened when i saw who they were . 
 jules practically beamed when she spotted me . 
 jolene 's look was even more confusing . 
 it was feral and almost ... smoldering . 
 they moved to flank me , moving together as though they had planned it . 
 i towered over both of them , but they still managed to make me feel overwhelmed . 
 `` bianca , '' jules murmured , running a hand over my hair affectionately . 
 i stiffened until i felt a little brittle . 
 her smile grew wider , and perversely , warmer . 
 `` how are you , love ? 
 is james sweeping you off of your feet ? 
 he 's very good at that , you know . 
 no one so beautiful was ever so charming as our james . 
 would n't you agree , jolene ? '' 
 jolene was studying me in the mirror , barely blinking as her stunning eyes drank me in . 
 `` he 's irresistible and completely relentless when he wants a new woman . 
 in the beginning , he pursued me with such passion and fire that i still dream about it sometimes . 
 i 've never felt as beautiful or desirable as i did when i was with our james . 
 it was the most exhilarating year of my life . '' 
 my breath caught , my heart pounding in my chest nearly loud enough to drown out the last of her words . 
 a year ? 
 my head began to spin . 
 `` tell her everything , jolene , '' jules prompted the other woman . 
 it was an order , really . 
 `` i was under contract with mr. cavendish for a year and two months . 
 i belonged to him for that time , exclusively unless he said otherwise , to do with as he wished , completely at his disposal . 
 i was in my own personal heaven . '' 
 under contract ? 
 i tried to take it all in . 
 i had known a little about the contract she spoke of , though he had never tried to do the same to me . 
 perhaps because he had been afraid to scare me off , perhaps not . 
 but a year and two months ? 
 he had claimed never to have had a girlfriend before , but this sounded far more serious than having a girlfriend ... `` how long ago was this ? '' 
 i asked jolene , keeping my face very carefully blank , my tone very empty . 
 she ran her tongue over her teeth , and the gesture struck me hard , as though she had learned it from being so familiar with james . 
 she must know him so much better than i do , i thought . 
 `` three years ago . '' 
 i was somewhat mollified . 
 i arched a brow at our reflections . 
 `` a bit long ago for you to still be so hung up on him , do n't you think ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 i did n't mind at all if i came off as a bitch with these two women . 
 the last time i had encountered jules , her words had crushed me , and i had fled like a wounded animal . 
 i wanted her to know , this time , that i was not such an easy mark . 
 jolene 's eyes were earnest , as though she felt not even a hint of my malice . 
 `` three years ago was the end of our written contract , but far from the end of us . 
 he still calls me often , between whatever fresh conquests he 's obsessed with . 
 just six weeks ago he flew me out to vegas on his private jet to spend a night with him . '' 
 chapter thirty-three that one hit it 's mark squarely , and i felt myself trembling . 
 i did some absent math in my disconnected brain . 
 he had admitted to being with a woman only one day before he had met me . 
 the dates added up for her claim . 
 at least he had n't called her while we were on a break ... i turned my eyes to jules , studying her and trying very hard to remind myself that this woman was just trying to cause trouble . 
 and still , it was working ... `` and what is your purpose in all of this , jules ? 
 are you going to map out your own relationship with james for me ? '' 
 she gave me that warm smile . 
 the most sincere fake smile i 'd ever seen . 
 `` i 'm not his submissive , if that 's what you 're asking . 
 he 's always seen me too much as his equal to ever treat me that way . '' 
 she does n't get it , i thought , a little shocked . 
 it was n't about equality . 
 if anything , james had always made me feel that i had most of the power in the relationship , outside of the bedroom . 
 after all of the trouble this woman had caused us , to realize that she was n't even his type , and that she did n't understand him at all , was stunning . 
 `` i 'm his social equal , '' she continued , `` and we have always been perfectly matched . 
 i 'm self-confident enough to allow him his kinky little side affairs . '' 
 all i could think as she spoke was how pathetic she was . 
 `` you realize that he has a completely different opinion about your relationship , do n't you ? 
 he said it 's been at least a year since you 've had sex . 
 he claims that you 're just a friend . '' 
 her face tightened nearly imperceptibly , but i saw the tension around her mouth . 
 it was written on her young face like an old bitterness . 
 `` he 's sowing his wild oats . 
 i 'm an understanding woman . 
 he needs that in a partner . 
 it 's something only someone from our social class could really comprehend . '' 
 i had nearly forgotten about jolene until she pressed her large , soft br ** sts against my arm . 
 my gaze swung to hers in the mirror . 
 hers were smoldering at me . 
 `` we do n't need to be your enemies , bianca , '' she said , her voice nearly breathless . 
 `` if you 're going to last for any length of time at all with our james , you should know that he only stays interested in women who like other women . '' 
 i blinked at her , trying hard to find another meaning to her words . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 i could n't mistake how she rubbed against me . 
 `` there 's nothing he loves more than dominating two women at once . 
 has n't he mentioned that to you yet ? 
 i loved it when he brought other women into the playground with us . 
 and , of course , as his favorite , he brings me back in to play with his new subs . '' 
 a wave of nausea hit me , and my fists clenched . 
 i did not want these women to know how they 'd affected me , but it was already a struggle , and i knew they were n't finished . 
 jolene lowered the sleeveless top of her dress , exposing the perfectly proportioned , overly generous globes of her br ** sts . 
 i noticed the large silver hoops pierced into her dark red n ** ples immediately . 
 her sinfully full lips curved into a sensuous smile . 
 `` he only gives these to his favorites . 
 did n't you know ? 
 jules shocked me by pressing hard against me from behind and grabbing my wrists in a hard grip . 
 it did n't even occur to me to struggle at first . 
 a physical threat from these women was the last thing i had expected . 
 even as jules moved , jolene was reaching her arms up around my neck and pressing her soft figure against me . 
 her petite , small-framed body was much stronger than i could have imagined as she pulled my head down to hers . 
 `` just a taste , bianca , '' she whispered , just before she crushed her soft mouth to mine . 
 i registered that it felt beyond strange to be kissed by such a soft , moist mouth as she moved her lips against mine . 
 i was frozen in shock at the unexpected assault until she thrust her little tongue into my mouth . 
 i began to struggle against the two women holding me in earnest , then . 
 i bit jolene 's tongue hard enough to make her pull back with a curse . 
 she looked absolutely shocked at my rejection as she stepped away from me , her hand to her mouth . 
 jules released me at almost the same moment , moving in front of me to join a red-faced jolene . 
 jolene 's eyes made a surprisingly quick transformation from shocked to hard and mean as i watched the sensually lovely woman . 
 she pointed a finger at me . 
 `` you 're making a mistake , you know . 
 you ca n't hope to hold his interest unless you 're willing to be more open-minded . 
 he 's completely insatiable . 
 he needs variety , and if you ca n't provide it , he 'll be done with you in a week . '' 
 as she spoke , jules was adjusting jolene 's top back over her br ** sts . 
 her touch on the other woman spoke of familiarity . 
 i glared at both of them . 
 `` that 's not happening . 
 if james wants other women , he 's free to have them . 
 i 'll leave him so fast his head will spin . 
 and if you two like women so much , you can have each other . 
 why even bother with james ? '' 
 jolene 's expression did n't change at all . 
 `` you wo n't be able to let him go so easily . 
 and he 's impossible to forget . 
 mark my words , you 'll change your mind about wanting me . 
 i 'll be waiting . '' 
 as she spoke , the two women linked their fingers together , a clear sign of their solidarity . 
 jules gave me a very ` cat that ate the canary ' smile as they sauntered out of the bathroom . 
 they walked out slowly , as though they had n't assaulted me just moments before . 
 i just stood there , staring at the closed door for long moments , completely stunned by the whole deranged exchange . 
 in spite of my resolve not to let jules cause us problems , the things i had been told had shaken my faith in james , and in our ability to have any kind of a stable relationship . 
 i turned from the closed door to look in the mirror . 
 the sight that met my eyes made me angry . 
 my mouth was smeared with jolene 's crimson lipstick , and my eyes were wide and scared . 
 i dragged the back of my hand across my mouth , wiping away the offending color . 
 i had forgotten about the bathroom attendant completely . 
 i only recalled her presence as she kindly offered me a towel . 
 i thanked her gratefully , wiping at the red on my lips , trying to erase every trace . 
 it clung to my mouth stubbornly . 
 i hated the color . 
 the bathroom door burst open and a furious james tore inside as though he 'd hit it at a dead sprint . 
 he took me in with wild eyes , searching the bathroom as he moved towards me . 
 a drop-dead gorgeous woman hurried in the door behind him . 
 she had streaky blond hair worn down her back in whimsical mermaid waves . 
 she wore a soft gray sheath gown that managed to be both elegant and sexy . 
 it covered her from neck to ankle but did nothing to disguise her spectacular , supermodel figure . 
 i could n't spare her much of a glance as james reached me swiftly , cupping a hand at the back of my head , his other hand tilting my chin up to study me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my hand grabbed his where it held my chin , and his eyes flew to the back of my hand . 
 it was covered in crimson lipstick smears . 
 his eyes moved from my hand to my mouth and back again . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he repeated , his tone harsh . 
 `` ca n't you guess ? 
 your exes got their hands on me . 
 the short one does n't understand the word no very well , '' i told him . 
 my voice came out more coldly than i meant for it to . 
 his hand tightened to a nearly painful grip on my chin . 
 his voice got very quiet , but i heard the panic in it . 
 `` they assaulted you ? '' 
 `` jules held my wrists while jolene took her top off and forced me to kiss her . 
 yeah , i guess you could say they assaulted me . 
 they seem to have some sort of routine down for pressuring your women into trying threesomes . '' 
 i made my face and voice as expressionless as i could manage . 
 i wanted to see his response and i watched him carefully for it . 
 he cringed , an awful kind of rawness overtaking his face . 
 he pulled me into his chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have done a better job of protecting you . 
 i swear i 'll take the necessary steps to make sure nothing like that ever happens again . 
 i just never dreamed they would do something like confront you in a bathroom . 
 and i never imagined they would put their hands on you . '' 
 i should have realized that he 'd blame himself for it all . 
 i still felt angry and bitter about the entire thing , but even in spite of that , i felt myself wanting to soften towards him . 
 `` bianca , this is lana . 
 she 's an old friend of mine . '' 
 james made the introduction while still holding my face buried in his chest . 
 `` she happened in on you being harassed in the bathroom and was kind enough to come get me . '' 
 i turned to meet the woman , not missing the clear affection i heard in his voice as he said the woman 's name . 
 the woman was even more stunning than i had realized , as i caught my second glance at her , this time closer up . 
 she gave me a friendly , if very careful , smile . 
 she had the face of a fairytale princess , with eyes so bright a blue they were violet . 
 i wondered if they could have been her real eye color . 
 i had never met anyone with purple eyes before . 
 her wavy blond hair had every shade of blonde streaked through it as it flowed down her back and around her shoulders like a whimsical cape . 
 her face was stunning , her features perfectly symmetrical , her eyes big and thickly lashed , her nose tiny and pert , her soft , pouty mouth damn near as pretty as james 's . 
 she stood at eye level with me , which meant she was somewhere between five nine and six feet tall , though i could n't say for sure without a good look at the size of her heels . 
 as i studied her , i realized that somehow i recognized this exquisite woman , though i had n't a clue how . 
 she was not the type of woman anyone could forget meeting . 
 she saw my brow furrow as i studied her . 
 she seemed to read my thoughts , and grimaced . 
 `` you recognize me , '' she said with a sigh . 
 her voice was soft and musical . 
 she shot james an arch look . 
 `` james , you 're in the ladies restroom , as you seem to have forgotten . 
 go wait outside . 
 i 'll help your bianca freshen up so you two can make your escape . 
 i 'll even make your excuses for you , but you need to get out of this bathroom before you create a scene . 
 anyone could come in here at any moment . '' 
 james kissed the top of my head before heading to the door . 
 he cast me a worried glance but spoke to lana . 
 `` do n't be long , '' he warned . 
 she held out a chair in front of a vanity for me . 
 `` sit down , hon , '' she said . 
 i complied , responding automatically to the kindness in her voice . 
 she could n't have been more than twenty-six , but she had an almost maternal countenance , in spite of her bombshell looks . 
 i studied her in the mirror , but still could n't place her . 
 `` what do i know you from ? '' 
 i asked her finally . 
 she had a huge , if fashionable , handbag , splayed out on the counter , and was digging through it determinedly . 
 she cast me a wry smile . 
 `` i had a dismally short stint in modeling a few years ago . 
 i was n't suited for it at all , but people occasionally recognize me from some high profile covers i did . 
 i only ever even got the covers because my mother was a supermodel from the eighties . '' 
 as she spoke i conjured up a memory of her in a tiny yellow bikini , straddling a surfboard for a very famous cover of sports illustrated . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` you were a supermodel yourself . 
 you do n't model anymore ? '' 
 she shrugged , her smile turning very self-deprecating . 
 `` it 's a fact that i 'm much better at working for the family business than i ever was at smiling for the camera . '' 
 i studied the fascinating woman , happy for a distraction from the night 's drama . 
 `` what 's the family business ? '' 
 she flashed a charming dimple at me . 
 `` do n't hold it against me , but my family is also in the hotel business . 
 the middletons are infamous competitors of the cavendish family . 
 imagine everyone 's shock when james and i met and became fast friends , over eight years ago . '' 
 i wondered if friends could possibly be all that they were . 
 how could two such outrageously good looking people of the opposite sex be strictly friends ? 
 especially if one of them was james ... she seemed to read my mind again . 
 her eyes widened on mine in the mirror and she vehemently shook her head . 
 `` we have been strictly friends . 
 we went out to dinner a few times when we first met . 
 i think james was toying with the idea of trying to seduce me , but it never came to that . 
 he 's a man that knows how to read women , and he knew i was unreceptive . 
 and i must tell you , i 'm quite relieved at the change i 've seen in him since he 's met you . 
 i had thought , for the longest time , that james was as broken as me , if for different reasons . '' 
 `` broken ? '' 
 i asked , completely drawn in by her candid manner . 
 she grimaced , but her fairytale lavender eyes quickly smoothed back into a smile . 
 `` i 'm not usually such an open book , but i ca n't seem to help it with you . 
 it makes sense , i suppose . 
 you and i just have to be friends . 
 i adore james , and i adore you on principal just for being the woman to finally make him fall in love . '' 
 chapter thirty-four i did n't correct her words , though they made me wince as though she 'd hit upon a very tender subject . 
 instead , i turned the focus back on her . 
 `` why did you say you were broken ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 it was the saddest smile , unarguably heartbreaking . 
 she just had that effect . 
 what she felt showed on her lovely face , and it was impossible not to feel at least a little of it with her . 
 `` since i can remember , i 've been in love with a man who can never love me back . 
 in fact , he 's in love with someone else , though it took me a long time to see that . 
 my heart 's never been able to move on , so , much to my parents horror , i seem to be immune to the opposite sex . 
 even to a man as beautiful as james . 
 i tried to be attracted to him , at first , but it 's no use . 
 i think that it was after that when i knew not to bother anymore . 
 i 'm the type of woman who will only ever fall in love once . 
 unfortunately , that one time happened to be with a man who could only ever see me as a sister . '' 
 `` that 's impossible , '' i told her . 
 `` you could have any man you wanted . '' 
 she just shook her head , finally pulling a brush out of her monstrosity of a designer bag . 
 she began to carefully pull the brush through my mussed-up hair . 
 `` lovely hair , '' she murmured to me almost absently . 
 `` you and i could pass for sisters , really , '' she added . 
 i thought it was a hugely flattering compliment . 
 `` how many women have naturally blond hair nowadays ? 
 you 're the only other one i know . 
 but , no , i certainly can not have any man i want . 
 and i only ever wanted one . 
 akira kalua . 
 i shamelessly threw myself at him and the best i got was a pity fuck , pardon my crass language , but that 's the best term for it . '' 
 `` akira kalua , '' i repeated back , surprised at the name . 
 it sounded vaguely familiar , though i could n't place why . 
 i thought the name sounded very hawaiian . 
 i had several hawaiian friends , and there was a large population of them working for my airline . 
 she smiled almost wistfully , as though just hearing the name brought back bittersweet memories . 
 `` i 'm an island girl at heart , if you can believe it , though i was banished from paradise a long time ago . 
 god , i hate new york . '' 
 i was more than a little surprised at that admission . 
 i had just assumed , with her family wealth and incredible looks , that she would fit right into the big apple . 
 `` you 're from hawaii ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 she nodded , smoothing my hair with a comforting hand before digging back into her bag . 
 `` born and raised . 
 my dad fell in love with hawaii when my mother was pregnant with me . 
 maui , to be specific . 
 by the time they were ready to live in a different house , i was n't ready to go with them . 
 they had to leave without me , and my adopted hawaiian family wound up having me more than my actual parents did . '' 
 `` tell me about akira , '' i prompted . 
 she just smiled , shaking her head . 
 she brought a makeup wipe to my face , wiping off the errant mascara that had bled under my eyes . 
 i wanted badly to hear her story now that she had given me a few juicy tidbits . 
 from the beauty of her face and the sadness in her eyes , i just knew it was a tragic love story that would be captivating . 
 `` another time , perhaps . 
 you need to join james before he causes a scene . 
 we have to hang out sometime soon , though . 
 james told me you live in vegas . 
 i spend a lot of time there , managing the family property . 
 it 's only five minutes from the cavendish property , in fact . 
 i 'll get your number from james . 
 have lunch with me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i had met her minutes ago , but i felt like we were already friends . 
 it was more than a little unusual for me . 
 `` will you tell me about akira then ? '' 
 i asked , strangely curious about this lovely woman 's love life . 
 she gave me an exasperated look , digging into her handbag again . 
 she handed me a tube of clear lipgloss . 
 `` just use your finger . 
 i swear it 's never touched my lips . 
 it 'll make your lips look less bruised . 
 and yes , i 'll tell you about akira when we meet for lunch , if you really want to know . 
 i never talk about him , so maybe it 'll be therapeutic to get it off of my chest . 
 but you have to tell me about you and james . '' 
 i liked lana , so i agreed as i dabbed on a bit of lipgloss with my finger , handing the tube back to her . 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` good as new . 
 james will want to get out of here asap . 
 he 's in a rare state . 
 he was expected to say a few words , but i 'm familiar with the charity , so let him know i 'll step in for him . 
 i 'll call you sometime this week . '' 
 when i stood she enveloped me in a tight hug . 
 i hugged her back , more than a little surprised by the affectionate gesture . 
 `` god , i love that you 're as tall as me . 
 i do n't feel like a giant around you . 
 we have got to hang out , '' she said with a smile as she pulled back . 
 james was practically pacing impatiently as we stepped out of the bathroom . 
 he grabbed my arm in a death-grip as soon as i was within reach . 
 `` go on . 
 i 'll make your excuses . 
 oh , and james , send me bianca 's number . 
 we 're going out to lunch , hopefully sometime this week , '' lana told him . 
 he gave her a grateful , if tense , smile . 
 `` thanks , lana . 
 i owe you . '' 
 he began to lead me away , not pausing as he spoke . 
 `` the car is being brought ` round . 
 we can make a quick escape . 
 i need to get out of here . '' 
 becoming almost twitchy with impatience , james led us out of the ball and into a waiting town car in a dizzying blur of activity . 
 we exited into a tiny back alley where i saw no sign of photographers . 
 i sensed james withdrawing as the car began to move . 
 when i gazed out the window i felt him studying me but when i turned back to look at him , he was gazing out of his own window , stone-faced . 
 i had endless questions that i needed answers to . 
 i wanted to know what jolene had lied about and what had been the truth . 
 i hoped to god not all of it had been true . 
 i wanted and needed , to know , but i was almost scared to hear his side of it , scared that our relationship would n't survive the answers . 
 and it did n't help that i had no idea where to even begin . 
 we were nearly back to his building before i broke the silence . 
 the feet that stretched between us on the seat felt like miles . 
 `` you said you 'd never been in a serious relationship before , but jolene claims that you were with her for a year and two months , and that you continued to see her often , up until six weeks ago . 
 was she lying ? '' 
 he was silent for an unnervingly long time , his face unmoving as he stared out the window . 
 `` we 're almost to my building . 
 we 'll talk about this inside . '' 
 i did n't like that answer . 
 i knew that the only answer i would have liked would have been a quick and unhesitant , ` yes , she was lying . ' 
 the driver took us to the underground garage elevator and we disembarked from the car silently . 
 james took my arm in a proprietary manner as we walked to the elevator , but did n't even touch me once we were alone . 
 it made a little ball of terrible black dread tie a knot in my belly . 
 he was deeply upset , and it had to do with what had happened in the bathroom . 
 was he upset about the questions i would ask ? 
 was he troubled about how i would respond to his answers ? 
 or was it something worse ? 
 i was starting to worry that it was something even more terrible , like he was about to break up with me altogether . 
 had the whole relationship idea finally sank in for him , and now he was realizing that it was n't what he wanted ? 
 had seeing the lovely jolene made him realize his mistake ? 
 a part of me had been expecting him to do something like that all the while . 
 `` can we talk in our bedroom ? '' 
 james asked , finally breaking the silence as we neared the top floor of the building . 
 i studied him . 
 he would n't even look at me . 
 i thought i might become physically ill . 
 `` we do n't have to move this quickly , james . 
 we should n't even be talking about moving in together yet , let alone actually doing it . '' 
 i 've lost all of my pride , i realized . 
 i was trying to reassure him that we could take a step back instead ending it altogether . 
 anything to keep him from saying what i feared he was thinking . 
 he sent me an almost stricken look , but quickly looked away , making me think i 'd imagined it . 
 `` we 'll talk in our room , '' he said . 
 i was n't reassured . 
 the elevator reached his floor , and he led me up to his room without a word . 
 i saw from a clock we passed that it was just past eleven o'clock . 
 i was shocked that it was n't any later than that . 
 a lot had happened in the last few hours . 
 i thought of lana middleton . 
 she had been a welcome distraction . 
 `` do you know anything about lana and akira ? '' 
 i asked james . 
 he still did n't look at me . 
 `` akira ? '' 
 he asked . 
 so he did n't know , either . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he was walking first up the stairs to the floor of his bedroom . 
 `` lana is the worst workaholic i know . 
 she makes me look like a slacker with my seven day work weeks . 
 everyone who knows her loves her , but even the socializing she does is for work . '' 
 his tone was impersonal as he mapped lana out . 
 `` she asked me to go to lunch , '' i pointed out . 
 `` that means she really likes you . 
 i 'm glad . 
 she 's a very good friend , and she 's very discreet and nonjudgemental , so you wo n't have to guard your words with her . '' 
 i blinked , wondering if he meant that i could discuss us with her . 
 `` does she know about your ... preferences ? '' 
 i asked finally . 
 `` not exactly . 
 she knows that i have atypical sexual proclivities , and she knows that i used to sleep around too much , but i doubt she 's heard many more details than that . 
 but i think she would be a good person for you to talk to , if you need that . 
 as i said , she can be trusted with secrets , and she wo n't ... berate you for your own preferences . 
 that 's just not her way . '' 
 he had basically given me the go ahead to tell lana about our bdsm activities . 
 i was grateful that i could , though i still did n't know if i would . 
 i had n't even discussed it with stephan , and i rarely kept even the most minor of details from him . 
 i decided that it might be easier to tell a woman like lana than it would be stephan . 
 he was so protective of me that i was n't sure how he would react to the things i let james do to me . 
 our brief distraction technique came to an abrupt end as we reached his bedroom . 
 he hovered in the doorway , ushering me inside . 
 i glanced back at him . 
 he was acting so unlike himself that it raised every hair on my body . 
 he just watched me for long minutes , as though trying to get answers just by looking . 
 his face was shuttered , but his hands shook a little as he loosened his silken navy bow-tie . 
 `` take off your clothes , bianca . '' 
 when he finally spoke , his voice was dangerously soft . 
 i shot him a defiant look , my chin lifting . 
 `` we ca n't put this off , james . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 take off your clothes and get on the bed . 
 we 'll talk then . '' 
 i watched him closely , trying to decide if it was a strange joke . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 `` now , '' he said . 
 there was a fine tremor in the hand that pointed to the bed . 
 finally i complied , driven by his strange mood and the desire to know exactly what it meant . 
 chapter thirty-five i stepped out of my shoes as i approached the bed , shrugging out of my floaty gown with a few easy movements . 
 my tiny lace thong was a distant memory between one step and the next . 
 i sat on the very edge of the bed , facing him . 
 i was nak * d , but i did n't feel as self-conscious as i usually did . 
 i had too many other things to be anxious about . 
 `` lie down in the center of the bed , '' james ordered softly , still framed in the doorway . 
 he was still fully dressed in that devastating navy tux , only his tie mussed , though it still hung undone around his neck . 
 i obeyed , but it did n't come as naturally as it normally did . 
 sheer force of will made me shift my body onto the spot where he 'd ordered it . 
 `` spread your legs and raise your hands over your head , '' he continued . 
 i shot him a wild look . 
 he was getting waaay off track . 
 `` james , '' i began . 
 `` do it , '' he said with a new trace of steel in his voice . 
 i closed my eyes , nearly shuddering as i obeyed him . 
 i wanted answers , but i could n't lie to myself . 
 i wanted this just as much . 
 he only moved after i 'd complied , striding towards the bed and using the restraints hidden at each corner of the bed to secure me swiftly . 
 as he stared at my restrained body , some of the tension seemed to drain out of him , right before my eyes . 
 he loomed over me from the side of the bed for a long time before he finally spoke . 
 `` now you ca n't run away if you get upset . 
 ask me whatever you need to . 
 i 'll answer all of your questions , and you know i 'll be honest , but you do n't get to run away if you do n't like the answers . '' 
 i was looking directly at him , but i could see my chest rising and falling with rapid breaths out of the corner of my eye . 
 if his tactic had been to distract me from the questions that troubled me , he 'd succeeded beautifully . 
 now that i was nak * d and bound , nothing seemed as important as what he could do to me , not even those answers . 
 i mentally shook myself , making my mind move back to the discussion at hand with great effort . 
 `` was jolene lying , james ? '' 
 i finally asked , dreading the answer . 
 he ran a restless hand through his dark golden hair , mussing up it 's artful evening styling . 
 he began to pace , shrugging out of his tuxedo jacket and tossing it onto a chair . 
 i was ready to scream by the time he answered . 
 `` she was n't lying . 
 she was my contracted submissive for about that long . 
 but we did n't see each other ` often ' after that . 
 we met up maybe six times a year , if that , and generally when i was between subs . 
 i know this does n't make me look any better , but it was only ever physical between jolene and i. i know she thinks she 's in love with me , so it was badly done of me to keep in touch , but it was a strictly sexual relationship . 
 it 's an awful thing to say , but i do n't even like her . '' 
 i flinched every time he mentioned things like ` physical ' and ` sexual ' , horribly vivid images of the two beautiful people entwined nak * d together flashing through my mind . 
 i turned my head away and shut my eyes for a moment , trying to compose myself . 
 i knew it was silly to be so jealous , but knowing and feeling were two very different things . 
 `` was she the woman you were with the night before i met you ? '' 
 he cursed , a long and fluid rant , but i did n't look at him . 
 `` yes , '' he answered after a long pause . 
 `` i always used a condom with jolene , though , if that 's what 's worrying you . '' 
 i counted to ten in my head , the word ` condom ' striking at some vulnerable part of me . 
 it was n't the condom , but rather the act that went with it , and the horrible woman he had done those things with , painting a vivid and painful picture in my mind of the two of them together . 
 my next question embarrassed me for some ludicrous reason , and my cheeks blushed pink even as i began to speak . 
 `` jolene said a few things about joining you and your other subs ... '' i felt him sit down near my hip . 
 his hot hand gripped my wrist . 
 the hold was light , but i thought i could still feel his intensity through the contact . 
 `` she joined me and two of my subs in the playground , maybe a handful of times . 
 none of this matters , bianca . 
 i know it troubles you , but it really is insignificant . 
 how i feel about you is what 's important . '' 
 `` she said that there 's nothing you love more than dominating two women at once , '' i said quietly , wanting to pull my wrist away from the hot contact of his hand . 
 i heard him suck in a breath , but kept my eyes stubbornly closed . 
 `` that 's a lie . 
 i 've done that with a few subs , but only the subs i knew favored that sort of thing , but that 's never been about my preferences . 
 i suspect that jolene herself may prefer that . '' 
 `` jolene said you did n't stay with women unless they would do that for you . '' 
 his palm made contact with my thigh . 
 it was n't a slap , exactly , but it was n't a soft touch either . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 i would n't ask that of you . 
 i would be distraught if you even suggested it . 
 you are n't just my sub , bianca . 
 this is much more than just a physical relationship . 
 i feel utterly possessive of you . 
 if someone touched you the way i touch you , male or female , i would lose my mind . '' 
 he took a shaky breath before he continued . 
 `` i want to share my life with you , to be monogamous with you , and my past is in the past . 
 i wish there was some way i could prove it to you , once and for all . 
 i do have a sordid past , but i 've never lied to any of the women i 've been with , and i 've never promised to anyone the things i promise to you . '' 
 my breathing was growing more even , the strange red haze over my vision getting better with every word he spoke . 
 he was charming me out of my doubts , and no part of me wanted him to stop . 
 i have it bad , i realized then . 
 it was worse than i had even realized , and i 'd known i was already crazy in love with this incomparable man . 
 `` thank you for answering my questions , '' i told him softly . 
 he was so quiet for a long moment that i could n't even hear him breathe . 
 `` you 're not upset ? '' 
 he asked finally . 
 `` a little , but i 'll get over it . 
 i get insanely jealous when i think about you with other women , and i was sick with worry that you would want me to do things with jolene that i just ca n't do , but i 'm not unreasonable . '' 
 i looked at him as i spoke . 
 his face was stricken . 
 he crawled on top of me still fully clothed . 
 he moved until we were nose to nose , that awful look still on his face . 
 `` i would never ask you to do anything like that . 
 moreover , i would n't allow it . 
 you promised me exclusivity , and i intend for you to hold up your end of that as staunchly as i 'll hold up mine . 
 will you still move in with me , still stay with me ? 
 even though i 've done a dismal job of protecting you ? '' 
 i agreed that i would , even though my doubt was still a thick knot in my stomach , but as i was learning , again and again , he was impossible to resist . 
 `` you ca n't exactly protect me in the women 's restroom , james . 
 that 's just silly . 
 and you certainly could n't predict that they would do that to me . 
 i could n't believe it even when it was happening . 
 jolene showed me her piercings . 
 i really did n't ever want to see that . '' 
 james got up at my words , moving swiftly into his bathroom . 
 he returned quick moments later with a toothbrush . 
 he was very gentle as he brushed my teeth . 
 it was an awkward angle with me on my back and helpless . 
 `` tell me where they touched you . 
 i want to scrub them off of you . '' 
 i thought he was beyond strange , and it went without saying that this was some kind of ocd on his part , but i enabled his strange need to wash them away , telling him every single thing they had done , and every part of me that had been touched . 
 his face was dark as he worked , scrubbing hard at my wrists . 
 he worked for a long time on my kiss swollen lips . 
 they were swollen more from the way i had scrubbed them myself than from the kisses , but it did n't seem to matter to james . 
 when he was finally done scrubbing , he moisturized me thoroughly , spreading something that felt like vaseline directly onto my lips . 
 `` it would have saved time if you had just let me loose to shower , '' i told him , trying to make him smile , anything to ease the tense set of his shoulders , and the dark look in his eyes . 
 `` i could n't bring myself to untie you . 
 i have this nagging fear that you 'll run away from me again , and i 'll have to suffer through another desolate month . 
 that was the longest month of my life . 
 i 'd do anything to never let it happen again . '' 
 i felt a strange wrenching in my chest at the thought of him alone and suffering because of me . 
 i had n't withdrawn to hurt him . 
 i had been scared , scared of the way he made me feel , and the way i could n't seem to help but do his will . 
 `` make love to me , james . '' 
 my voice held a clear plea as i addressed him . 
 i did n't have to ask him twice . 
 he was on top of me in a flash , kissing my mouth as though he wanted to devour me . 
 he was still fully clothed , and the silk of his shirt rubbed against my chest teasingly . 
 he propped the lower half of his body just out of reach . 
 i circled my hips , trying to reach him , but my legs held me securely against the soft bed . 
 i arched my back , rubbing my chest harder against his . 
 he thrust his tongue deep into my mouth , and i sucked on it , drawing on it like i would his cock . 
 he groaned . 
 he 'd propped himself up on his elbows , setting them deep into my underarms so he could cup my face as he kissed me . 
 i thought this was the closest james could get to sweet lovemaking . 
 but even his sweetest moment was still too f ** king hot to bear . 
 i whimpered against his mouth . 
 it was a plea . 
 my body was throbbing for him , and nothing would feel like enough until he was buried deep inside me . 
 he did n't seem to agree , and just continued like that for long , torturous minutes , only the top halves of our bodies touching as he worshipped at my mouth . 
 eventually he began to move down my body with sweet , torturous kisses along every inch of me . 
 his pretty mouth was incredibly and deliberately soft as he rained kisses across my ribs and into my navel . 
 he 'd avoided my quivering br ** sts altogether , seeming to focus on absolutely every other inch of my torso . 
 i realized that he was torturing me systematically when he moved back up my body and began to kiss along my shoulder tops and up one of my bound arms . 
 he moved off of me as he focused on one fettered wrist . 
 i watched him , his face so sensual , no coldness present tonight . 
 he licked along the spot where the black rope met the inside of my wrist , and i writhed . 
 he rose to his knees to massage my hand for long , agonizing minutes . 
 it felt exquisite , but i wanted to scream . 
 he moved back down my arm , across my shoulders , and gave the opposite arm , wrist , and hand the same treatment . 
 i felt on the edge of orgasm just from that and the sight of him crawling around me on the giant bed , his full erection clearly outlined even in his navy silk trousers . 
 i sucked in a breath as he nuzzled into my underarm , licking me there as though it were a rare treat . 
 he licked and kissed just the undersides of my br ** sts as he moved to my other side to repeat the motion . 
 i squirmed . 
 `` hold still , '' he murmured , a warning note in his voice . 
 he continued to torment me for the longest time , kissing and licking and nuzzling into my skin , while skipping all of the obvious spots . 
 i discovered as he did this that he had enough skill to draw exquisite pleasure from even the most innocent parts of my body . 
 he had me panting just by paying special attention to the dimples in my knees . 
 `` james , '' i gasped , `` you should be illegal . 
 there ca n't be anyone alive as good at this as you . '' 
 he gave me a heated look from under his pretty lashes for that one . 
 `` if there is , you 'll never know it , '' he said , rather darkly , i thought . 
 that exchange seemed to light a fire in him and he began to pleasure me in earnest . 
 he licked his way up to my br ** sts , drawing on a nipple until i was ready to come just from that nearly painful pressure . 
 he gave equal attention to it 's twin before moving down the center of my torso , past my naval , and into my core . 
 i screamed as he finally buried his face there . 
 this was no idle caress , and he used his fingers and tongue to make me come within seconds . 
 he never slowed as i spun back down from my nirvana , bringing me back to orgasm like my nerves were simple keys on a piano . 
 he was in a relentless sort of mood , and he brought me again and again , until i lost count , though with the mood he was in , i doubted that he forgot the number . 
 i felt boneless and light-headed when he finally impaled me . 
 he rammed into me with one clean thrust , and my eyes shot open . 
 they had only been closed because he was too absorbed with his face between my legs to notice the slight . 
 our eyes locked , and i realized in a corner of my very distracted mind that he was still fully clothed . 
 even his tie still remained hanging around his neck , thought he had loosened it . 
 i glanced down at our joined bodies and saw that he had only undone his slacks and pulled them down slightly , just enough to give him access . 
 something about all of those dark , formal clothes against my nak * d , bound body was one of the most erotic things i 'd ever seen . 
 his forehead nearly touched mine as he held himself over me , working in and out of me with smooth motions . 
 it was downright gentle , for him . 
 he was making slow , sweet love to me , in his way . 
 scant drops of sweat dripped from his temples to mine . 
 i thought it was unbelievably sensual . 
 only mr. beautiful could make sweat into something so sexy . 
 i wanted to lick it all off of his body . 
 i told him so . 
 he grinned , though there was an edge to it as he continued to thrust in and out of me with agonizing slowness . 
 `` not tonight . 
 you were thinking about taking other lovers while i made love to you . 
 now i have something to prove . 
 perhaps if i f ** k you unconscious , you wo n't be able to wonder if there 's someone better out there for you . '' 
 i gave him an exasperated look . 
 as much as i could , considering he was slowly f ** king me out of my mind . 
 `` you 're impossible , james . 
 you took that all wrong . 
 i was only thinking about you , and how lucky i am to have you . '' 
 his face went a little slack . 
 it made my heartstrings pull . 
 with a shout he began to thrust in earnest , and from the look on his face , he was completely losing himself . 
 i loved it . 
 i drank in the sight of his composure completely deserting him as he pounded into me , his beautiful eyes made into slits with the strain . 
 he shouted my name , rather desperately , as his orgasm took him . 
 my own caught me moments later as he continued to arch deeply inside of me . 
 he let his heavy weight sag onto me for several minutes in our aftermath . 
 i nuzzled my face into the hair around his ear , smelling his wonderful spicy scent , mixed with his sweat and just a hint of cologne . 
 `` you 're wonderful , '' i whispered against his hair . 
 he stiffened , burying his face into my neck , nuzzling there . 
 `` i want to deserve you , my love , '' he whispered back . 
 i could hear the desperation in his quiet voice . 
 `` do you even know how crazy that is ? '' 
 i asked in the same quiet voice , as though we could be overheard . 
 `` i 'm nobody , and you 're the most extraordinary man i 've ever met . 
 i do n't deserve you . '' 
 he made a little sound of protest in his throat . 
 `` you 're my angel , bianca . 
 you 've exorcized my demons . 
 i do n't have nightmares when i 'm with you . 
 i do n't have to work seventy hour work weeks to keep my mind distracted . 
 my life has become more than work and emotionless affairs . 
 you make me a better man . '' 
 `` you 're so good to me , '' i told him . 
 he reached up to untie my wrists , kissing me softly all over my face as he did so . 
 he had me untied and cradled into his chest in swift moments . 
 i cuddled into the soft silken fabric of his shirt , too tired to even try to get him nak * d. i was just on the edge of sleep when i felt him shift . 
 `` love , i promised stephan you would call and text him before you went to bed . 
 he wanted to make sure your night went alright . 
 do n't drift off . 
 i 'm going to find your phone . '' 
 i quickly found i had to sit up to stay awake as james disappeared into his closet . 
 he re-emerged in short order , stripped down to his boxer-briefs , and carrying my phone . 
 he maneuvered himself behind me on the bed , pulling me between his legs as i checked my phone . 
 i had several texts from stephan , asking how i was , and i texted him back that everything was fine and i would see him in the morning . 
 i checked my phone log next . 
 i had missed three more calls from the strange 702 number , and my brows drew together as i saw that the caller had left a voicemail this time . 
 that was new . 
 i found myself clicking the play button and holding my phone to my ear before i thought better of it . 
 i should have waited until morning , but something about the strange caller and number was nagging at me . 
 if it was my father , i 'd just as soon know right away , instead of worrying about it all night . 
 the voicemail was just silence at first , with the slightest hint of background noise , soft soothing music playing , just like in the phone calls . 
 but eventually a harried female voice began to speak haltingly . 
 there was a familiar paranoid fear in her voice , though i did n't recognize the voice itself at all . 
 `` bianca karlsson . 
 this is , um , this is sharon . '' 
 a long pause . 
 `` sharon karlsson . '' 
 my entire body went still as a corpse and the hair on the back of my neck prickled with a warning . 
 `` i 'm ... married to your father . 
 i , well , i guess that i 'm your stepmother . 
 i really need to speak to you . 
 your father always forbade me from trying to contact you . 
 he would never say why , but , well , um , he 's disappeared . 
 he 's been gone for over a month with no word , and i 'm pretty sure he 's gone for good this time . 
 so i would really appreciate it if you would meet with me . 
 please call me back as soon as you can . '' 
 chapter thirty-six my hand dropped into my lap still holding the phone . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 james asked , apparently not overhearing the strange message . 
 i did n't answer , my mind busy worrying over the bizarre development of my father having a wife . 
 james took the phone out of my hand , and i watched him retrace my steps and hold the phone up to his own ear to listen to my message . 
 nosy , rich bastard , i thought , almost fondly . 
 his brow furrowed as he listened to the strange message . 
 he reached over to put my phone on the bedside table , then came close to cuddle me against him . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 if you decide to meet with her , it should be in public , and make sure you have at least two bodyguards with you . 
 promise me , love . '' 
 i nodded absently , nowhere near keeping up with his train of thought , my mind still obsessing over the strange knowledge that my father had remarried . 
 when ? 
 why ? 
 did he treat this strange woman better than he had my poor abused mother ? 
 the woman was alive , so clearly he did . 
 in spite of my body 's exhaustion , my mind became too busy for sleep after that . 
 james cleaned us both , even wiping away my makeup before turning out the lights and spooning in behind me . 
 his presence was soothing , but i still worried over the surprising news for a long time before finally drifting into a restless sleep . 
 i was in that house again . 
 i lay in my hard , tiny bed . 
 i was hugging my knees to my chest , rocking and rocking , and trying to ignore the harsh shouts just a few thin walls away . 
 if i stayed in my room , it would all go away . 
 they would forget i was even here and in the morning my dad would sleep all day and leave us in peace so i could tend to my mother . 
 but that was n't meant to be . 
 not this time . 
 the yelling grew louder , my mothers turning into terrified screams . 
 when i could n't stand the horrible noises a moment longer , i crept quietly through the house to investigate . 
 in spite of my overwhelming fear , my need to at least attempt to aid my mother almost always thrust me into the violent thick of things . 
 i looked down at my thin bare feet , wishing i knew where some clean socks were . 
 i was so cold , an achy kind of cold , down to my very soul . 
 my parents were speaking in swedish , and i pieced together some hysterical words as i got closer to the kitchen where they fought . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 please , sven , put that away . '' 
 my father 's voice was an angry roar . 
 `` you 've ruined my life . 
 you and that brat . 
 i 've lost everything because of you . 
 my fortune , my inheritance , and now , my luck . 
 you 've taken everything from me , just by living . 
 tell me why i should n't take everything from you , you silly cunt ? '' 
 `` when you 're sober , you 'll regret it . 
 we have a child together , sven . 
 please , just go to sleep . 
 if you sleep on it , you 'll feel better . '' 
 `` do n't you dare tell me what to do ! 
 fuck sleep . 
 fuck you . 
 and f ** k that little brat . 
 look at her , hovering in the door , frozen like a little mouse . '' 
 his cold eyes went to me . 
 i was frozen in place , as he 'd said . 
 he changed his tone when he spoke to me , and it turned into a mockery of a gentle tone . 
 `` why do n't you join us , sotnos ? 
 come be with your pretty mama . '' 
 i moved to my mother , having learned a very long time ago not to disobey him when he was in this mood . 
 he sneered at the two of us when i stood beside her . 
 he towered over us . 
 my mother did n't look at me , did n't reach for me . 
 i knew she did n't want to draw more attention to me . 
 she tried to protect me , as i did her . 
 `` look at my pretty girls . 
 the daughter is even prettier than the mother . 
 what use , then , is the mother ? 
 tell me why you 're useful , mama ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 i did n't hear her answer . 
 my gaze was focused solely now on the object he was holding at his side . 
 it was a gun . 
 my gut clenched in dread . 
 the gun was a new and terrifying addition to this violent scene . 
 my gaze flew back to my father 's face as a laugh left his throat . 
 it was a cackle of a laugh , dry and angry . 
 i began to back away , shaking my head back and forth in denial . 
 `` wrong answer , cunt , '' he said . 
 he waved the the pistol in front of her . 
 `` you ca n't take your eyes off of this . 
 do you want it ? 
 would you like me to give this to you ? 
 take it , if you want it . 
 you think i ca n't touch you with a gun in your hand ? '' 
 my mother watched him , her eyes almost blank with terror . 
 she must know , as i did , from the mocking tone of his voice , that he was testing her . 
 she would pay dearly if she took the gun from him , even if he had told her to . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i insist . 
 take the gun . '' 
 unexpectedly , and horrifyingly , she did . 
 she pointed it at him with hands that shook . 
 `` get out , '' she said , her voice tremulous and awful with her terror . 
 `` you ca n't do these things , especially in front of our daughter . 
 get out , and do n't come back . '' 
 she was sobbing , but she managed to pull the hammer back . 
 he laughed again . 
 with no fear and no effort , he grabbed her hand . 
 his hand covered one of hers , ripping the other one away . 
 he turned the gun , slowly and inexorably pointing it away from himself and pushing it into her mouth . 
 i had backed myself against the wall as i watched their exchange , but when i saw his clear intent , i suddenly rushed forward , sobbing , `` mama . '' 
 i stopped as though i 'd run into a wall when my father pulled the trigger , covering us and the entire room in obscene amounts of glowing crimson blood and gore . 
 my horrified eyes met my father 's . 
 his showed no expression at all . 
 i awoke to total darkness , a harsh scream caught in my throat . 
 i had no notion of where i was and i began to scramble off of the huge , soft bed , fumbling around in the pitch blackness for a wall , a lamp , a light switch , anything . 
 i needed to wash the blood off . 
 i was feeling along the wall and sobbing like a child when light suddenly flooded the room . 
 i finally got an inkling of where i was as james rushed to me , cradling me into his chest . 
 `` what 's wrong , bianca ? 
 what can i do ? '' 
 i gasped in several breaths before i could speak . 
 `` shower . 
 i need a shower . 
 i need to wash the blood off . '' 
 he did n't ask anymore questions , getting us both into the shower in a flash . 
 he turned the water directly onto me , and the cold water that hit me for just moments before it began to warm helped bring me a few steps further away from the dream . 
 slowly , my broken sobs turned into gasping breaths as i became clean in the water , my mind moving further and further out of the nightmare realm . 
 `` can you talk about it ? '' 
 james asked . 
 his voice was so vulnerable with his concern for me that i could n't resist him . 
 `` it 's the same old dream about my mother 's death . 
 i was in that room , not three feet from her , when it happened . '' 
 i felt the floodgates open , and i told him everything , every gory detail , of both the dream and the horrific event . 
 he did n't speak at all , just made sympathetic noises and gave me reassuring touches while i spoke . 
 i was surprised to feel much better when i 'd gotten it all out . 
 it had actually helped to tell him about it . 
 he helped me out of the shower and dried us both off . 
 we lay in a nak * d snuggle on the bed with only a sheet covering us . 
 he was on his back and had pulled me almost on top of him . 
 i rubbed my cheek over my name on his chest as he stroked my wet hair back , arranging it over his arm . 
 `` you 've done all you can . 
 you told the police everything you saw . 
 it 's not your burden anymore , bianca . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 i have n't had that nightmare since that other time , over a month ago . 
 i think it was learning about her , his wife , that got my mind back into that dark place again . 
 i need to tell her what he did , to warn her . 
 i do n't know the woman , but she deserves that much . 
 lord , i do n't want to speak to her . 
 i do n't want anything to do with her . '' 
 `` you could always just send her an email , or hell , a letter . 
 you do n't have to do anything you do n't want to . '' 
 i mulled that over . 
 it seemed so cowardly to be afraid of a simple phone call . 
 `` i 'll call her tomorrow , '' i decided . 
 his arms tightened on me , his hold becoming almost painful . 
 it was comforting to my twisted senses . 
 `` i need to stay in new york this week . 
 will you come back to be with me on your first day off ? '' 
 i thought about it . 
 it did n't take me long . 
 `` yes . 
 do you mind if i invite stephan ? 
 you have plenty of room , after all . '' 
 i had felt all of the anxious tension leave his body when i agreed to come . 
 `` we have plenty of room , '' he chastised . 
 `` and yes , of course . 
 invite javier , too , if you like . 
 or anyone you want , for that matter . 
 i 'll have to work quite a bit anyways . 
 i 've been putting some important meetings off that need tending to . 
 and god only knows what a mess my new york management has made of things on the manhattan property . 
 i would feel better if you had someone to hang out with while i 'm working . 
 i would n't want you to get bored , though you do have a studio set up for painting downstairs . 
 i never had time to show you . 
 we never seem to have enough time . 
 how many days can you take off this week ? '' 
 `` i can fly into new york monday morning , and take a flight back on thursday . 
 i can take a week off from working overtime . '' 
 i began to wonder if stephan could work his own overtime with javier , instead of me . 
 my boyfriend was filthy rich . 
 it seemed silly not to at least keep my days off . 
 my stance had changed so drastically from just a week ago that i felt almost dizzy with it . 
 instead of intending to continue my life exactly as i pleased , i found myself wanting to compromise to please james , and of course , to see more of him . 
 he gave me a soft kiss for my concession . 
 `` i would love that . 
 thank you . '' 
 i sighed , plunging in deeper . 
 `` it seems ridiculous to work overtime anymore , everything considered . 
 my straight time can more than cover my mortgage and food , and you bought me enough clothing to last a lifetime . 
 i 'm going to see if stephan will work his extra shifts with javier . 
 i 'd be willing to bet he wo n't mind the idea . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he said with quiet sincerity . 
 `` i 'll make sure to make it worth your while . '' 
 i burrowed against him , feeling good . 
 good about him . 
 good about us . 
 `` you already have . '' 
 `` you make me so happy , bianca . 
 i never knew life could be this good . 
 i 've been alone for so long , since my parents died , really . 
 but i do n't feel alone with you . 
 i feel like i have a family and a home again . 
 you 're my home . 
 all of the dark shadows seem to disappear when we 're together . '' 
 i placed a kiss on my name over his heart , feeling myself drifting off . 
 i did n't even know what time it was , but i was n't worried . 
 i knew james would n't let me oversleep . 
 more and more , i just trusted him . 
 chapter thirty-seven i could n't stop yawning as i got ready for work the next morning . 
 james woke up with me , in spite of the ungodly hour . 
 he was alert but quiet as we both got dressed . 
 he wore an elegant pale gray suit . 
 it was so pale it almost looked white at first glance . 
 he paired it with a brilliant turquoise dress shirt with a stark white collar . 
 a skinny tie as white as the collar hung to his pale gray belt . 
 the pant legs were very narrow and fitted , and he 'd chosen faded gray lace-up dress shoes . 
 the full effect was devastating . 
 only james could have pulled it off . 
 he approached me from behind as i shrugged into my uniform dress shirt . 
 he held up a tiny silver object in front of my face . 
 it took me a moment to place it as a small lock . 
 `` may i lock on your collar now ? '' 
 i stiffened , but tilted my head forward to give him access . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 for better or worse , i had made my decision . 
 he locked it on quickly , placing a soft kiss to my nape . 
 `` turn around , '' he told me . 
 i did , and he was holding the key on a chain around his own neck . 
 he tucked it under his shirt as i watched . 
 `` there will be security at your house . 
 please cooperate with them . 
 they 're there to keep you safe . '' 
 i just nodded . 
 i knew better than anyone that i was n't safe , and i was grateful for the extra protection . 
 he rode in the town car with me to the crew hotel . 
 he gripped me tightly to his side and buried his face in my hair . 
 `` this is harder than i thought it would be , letting you go like this , '' he murmured into my hair . 
 i rubbed a hand over the spot over his heart where he 'd etched my name . 
 i knew that the action comforted us both . 
 `` it 's only for a few days . '' 
 `` call or text me when you land , and again when you 're safely in your house . 
 i 'll worry if you do n't . '' 
 i nodded , the motion rubbing his face against the back of my hair . 
 `` i ca n't kiss you goodbye , love . 
 if i start , i know i 'll never stop . '' 
 i nodded again . 
 i understood the odd sentiment . 
 instead , when the car stopped in front of my crew hotel , i held his elegant hand to my lips , kissing the palm and then moving my lips over the faint thin scars on his wrist , placing a soft kiss there as well , and then moving my lips back into his palm , allowing myself just a moment to nuzzle against it . 
 he made a soft little sound in his throat that made it so hard to get out of the car . 
 he caught my hand as i was about to move away and copied the motion on my own wrist and palm . 
 it was sheer agony to walk away from him . 
 i did n't look back . 
 i knew that would only make it worse . 
 only stephan and javier were in the lobby when i walked in , stephan in his uniform , javier dressed business casual in a lavender dress shirt and beige slacks . 
 i was five minutes early , i saw as i checked my watch . 
 stephan grinned when he saw me , striding over to hug me tightly . 
 `` i missed you , buttercup . '' 
 i hugged him back , just as tightly . 
 `` we have so much to talk about , but i needed to ask you and javier something . '' 
 javier approached us rather cautiously , as though afraid to interrupt our reunion . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 stephan asked . 
 `` how would you like to stay in the swankest pad in new york for our days off this week ? 
 most likely we 'd fly in monday morning and stay until early thursday . '' 
 stephan 's grin grew even wider . 
 `` i ca n't think of anything i 'd love more . 
 i take it this means you and james are working things out ? '' 
 i nodded , smiling and looking up into his eyes . 
 i let him see all of my happiness but none of my troubles . 
 it was what he deserved . 
 javier cleared his throat . 
 `` um , so , did you mean just for stephan , or ... '' i gave him a friendly smile . 
 `` i meant for the two of you to come , if you want to . 
 james has an obscene amount of room , considering that it 's in manhattan . '' 
 stephan cleared his throat , shooting javier a positively wicked glance . 
 i could have sworn javier blushed just a tad even through his lovely pale mocha skin . 
 `` javier and i only need one room regardless . '' 
 i blinked . 
 that was moving incredibly fast , for stephan . 
 i took it as a good sign . 
 he seemed to be more comfortable by the minute about being in an open relationship with a man . 
 `` i had one more thing i wanted to talk to both of you about . 
 i 've decided to stop working so much overtime and just stick with my regular shifts , for the most part . 
 i hope you do n't mind losing your overtime partner . '' 
 stephan did n't look in the least perturbed . 
 `` about damn time , bee . 
 i figured you would be catching on to that soon enough . 
 i already asked javier if he wanted to be my new overtime buddy . 
 he 's doing some trades to share our days off , so it should work out perfectly . '' 
 as stephan spoke he stroked a hand over javier 's jet black hair . 
 javier closed his eyes , as though savoring the light touch . 
 i did n't know if it was just the only thing i knew with my limited experience with relationships , but it looked to me like javier was clearly stephan 's submissive . 
 the way he closed his eyes , his hands in his pockets to keep from touching back , just reminded me so much of an act of submission . 
 stephan 's hand moved down to rub at a spot on javier 's thin , straight shoulders . 
 javier let out a pleased little moan . 
 i thought they were beautiful together . 
 `` the crew bus is here . 
 let 's load up , '' stephan said , releasing javier . 
 we filed out , handing our luggage to the driver , who loaded it into the baggage compartments mounted along the bottom of the mini-shuttle . 
 `` five more coming , '' stephan told the driver , climbing inside . 
 stephan and javier took the backseat , and i sat on the row just in front of them . 
 `` bianca , be our lookout , '' stephan said rather cryptically . 
 i turned to look at them . 
 i was as shocked as i 'd ever been by what i saw . 
 stephan had a flushed javier pinned down on the bench seat beneath them . 
 he was straddling the smaller man and giving him a very intense , very heated look . 
 he held the other man 's wrists pinned tautly above his head . 
 as i watched he bent down and kissed him . 
 it was not a casual kiss but a rough one , and i knew dominance when i saw it . 
 my shocked gaze flew out the window as i suddenly realized that i was the lookout , and that i actually needed to do the job considering the things going on in the backseat . 
 i heard stephan murmuring something to javier , and i could hear that whatever it was was muffled against some part of the other man 's skin . 
 `` bianca , do you suppose you could manage ten minutes without me on the flight ? '' 
 stephan addressed me . 
 `` i know it 's going to be hectic , but i would really appreciate it . '' 
 `` of course , '' i answered without hesitation . 
 `` see . 
 i told you she would . 
 three hours , tops , and i 'll take you again . 
 i 'm not that much of a tease , '' stephan said in a low voice to javier . 
 it made me blush down to my toes , but i stayed alertly watching out the window . 
 `` you are a tease , '' javier muttered , sounding sullen . 
 `` three hours is forever . '' 
 i spotted the pilots in the lobby . 
 `` pilots incoming , '' i said , sounding a little panicked even to my own ears . 
 stephan sat up , releasing javier . 
 i glanced back at stephan . 
 he grinned at me shamelessly . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i grinned back . 
 javier looked more perturbed but still happy . 
 his blush was like a happy glow around him . 
 his words had n't shown me that , but his face did . 
 he gave me a shy smile . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered to me . 
 i smiled back . 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 i 've never seen stephan like this . 
 i think you guys are beautiful together . '' 
 that made him truly glow . 
 javier had it bad . 
 it took one to know one , and i knew that lovesick look because a certain mr. beautiful had the same effect on me . 
 i was relieved to see it . 
 i wanted javier to feel that kind of love for stephan . 
 he would n't want to hurt someone he loved that much . 
 `` quit making him blush , bianca . 
 that 's my job , '' stephan said , ruffling javier 's hair affectionately . 
 sure enough , javier blushed harder . 
 i turned around , shaking my head with a strange smile on my face . 
 i had never seen this side of stephan , did n't know he had it in him . 
 the saturday morning flight into vegas was hectic , as it always was . 
 stephan took his ten minutes with the meeting with javier in the bathroom that i had expected . 
 both men emerged looking flushed and happy . 
 we all grinned at each other like fools before stephan and i got back to work and javier returned to his seat . 
 stephan and i clutched hands as we landed , grinning at each other . 
 we did n't say much , just enjoying the moment . 
 i texted james as we taxied in . 
 bianca : just landed in vegas . 
 how r u ? 
 james : fine . 
 keeping busy with work , but still missing you like crazy . 
 i hesitated , then just said to hell with it . 
 bianca : i miss you too . 
 james : call me when you get to your house . 
 i put my phone away after that , since i 'd be contacting him again soon enough . 
 the drive home was a jovial affair , with stephan and javier smiling about just about everything . 
 my expression matched theirs . 
 i could n't seem to help myself . 
 i was met at my front door by the security guard , paterson . 
 a woman i 'd never met before was standing beside him , looking grim . 
 she was short and stocky , and i knew at a glance that she was a tough woman . 
 she had dark hair held back in a short , no-nonsense braid . 
 her face was round and pale , but her eyes were hard and assessing . 
 she did n't wear a scrap of makeup , i doubted she ever did , and her mouth was set in a grim line . 
 her body could have been bulky or just big-boned . 
 it was impossible to say with the baggy , short - sleeved mens button-up shirt she was wearing over wide-legged slacks . 
 she was like the agents , in her own way . 
 just looking at her made you think of law enforcement . 
 paterson gave me a polite nod as i approached my front door . 
 i could feel stephan hovering behind me . 
 i did n't have to ask to know that he would n't leave until he knew i was settled into my house , safe and secure . 
 he had done so ever since the attack . 
 `` ms. karlsson , this is blake . 
 she 's new to the team , but i 've known her for years . 
 she 's the best . 
 she 'll be your personal bodyguard detail for public excursions . 
 it 's been very clearly brought to my attention that i had overlooked your security in public restrooms . '' 
 i flushed , recalling the incident in the restroom . 
 of course james would take extra measures after that . 
 i should have seen it coming . 
 i nodded to blake . 
 `` nice to meet you , blake , '' i said . 
 i would n't protest the extra security . 
 i certainly could n't argue that i needed it . 
 she nodded back solemnly . 
 `` a pleasure , ms. karlsson . '' 
 i wondered if i could get her to call me by my first name . 
 i had sort of given up on trying that with the security after clark . 
 he 'd stubbornly refused in spite of my prompting . 
 `` please , allow us to secure the house before you proceed inside , '' she said solemnly . 
 i nodded , unlocking the door and going inside to punch in the security code . 
 both paterson and blake sucked in a breath when i stepped into the house first . 
 i saw how i had erred , and apologized . 
 the least i could do for my bodyguards was make it easy for them to do their job . 
 `` i 'll get you guys some copies of my keys and give you my security codes to make it easier . '' 
 paterson cleared his throat , but it was stephan that spoke . 
 `` i already did , bee . 
 i got copies for them , and for james . '' 
 i imagined that they were all holding their breath , waiting for me to throw some kind of tantrum , but i was n't unreasonable . 
 stephan might have been a tad premature , but it was only a convenience at this point . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 i thought i heard all three of them let out relieved breaths . 
 what has the security team been told about me ? 
 i wondered . 
 paterson and blake asked me to stay near the front entrance while blake hovered near me and paterson did a rather long search of the house . 
 i was too distracted by the new additions to my living room to care much . 
 a mac with a large screen had taken residence in the spot where my old computer had been . 
 i just stared at it for awhile , blinking , my tired mind blank . 
 `` what happened to my old computer ? '' 
 i asked out loud . 
 stephan answered . 
 `` it 's gone . 
 that one has everything you need . 
 i wiped the other one and put everything on this one for you . 
 james asked me to do it so he would n't have to hire a stranger to go through your computer . '' 
 his voice held a sheepish apology . 
 i sighed , becoming more and more resigned to james 's constant need to buy me things . 
 `` that was nice of you . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` you are n't mad ? '' 
 `` it seems silly to get mad about getting a new computer , does n't it ? 
 i 'm growing accustomed to this sort of thing . '' 
 i looked at stephan as i spoke . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` it was no trouble at all . 
 james bought me one , too . '' 
 i thought of all the things i needed to tell him . 
 there just had n't been any time . 
 `` i have so much to tell you . 
 will you come over tonight ? '' 
 javier had already gone to stephan 's house and was waiting for him . 
 the two men seemed inseparable . 
 `` can we get a little while to talk , just the two of us ? 
 then we could have dinner with javier , unless you two want to be alone . '' 
 it felt awkward to have to request his exclusive company , but i told myself to get used to it . 
 he gave me a chastising look . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'll come over right after a nap . 
 just text me when you wake up . 
 and yes , we 'll all have dinner . 
 at my place . 
 i 'll cook . 
 i 've missed you , bee . 
 i know i need to get used to it , but just a few days without you is tough . 
 you never have to ask when you want to spend time with me . 
 you give me the time and the place and i 'll be there . 
 always . '' 
 i moved to him , and he opened his arms . 
 i walked right into them , barely aware that we were n't alone . 
 his words had touched an emotional chord in me . 
 `` go get some sleep . 
 as you can see , i 'm in good hands . 
 i 'll text you when i wake up . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head . 
 `` good night , '' he murmured . 
 i walked him to the door . 
 blake was studying me when i turned back into the room . 
 she quickly schooled her face into a carefully blank expression . 
 `` all clear , '' paterson said as he strode back into the room . 
 he addressed me , `` if you have any problems , any problems at all , one of us will be right across the street , in a black suv , at all times . '' 
 `` i have a spare room . 
 i do n't mind if you guys want to sleep in there . 
 there 's only a twin bed , but it 's better than sleeping in a car . '' 
 paterson and blake shared a look , but not before i saw the surprise in both of their eyes . 
 `` thank you for the kind offer , ms. karlsson , '' blake said . 
 `` i 'll discuss it with mr. cavendish , '' paterson said . 
 of course control freak cavendish would have the rule that he had to approve all decisions . 
 paterson cleared his throat . 
 `` mr. cavendish has also asked me to tell you to please answer your phone . '' 
 paterson 's voice was carefully polite , but i 'd have been willing to bet that james had n't been when he made the request . 
 my phone was buried somewhere in my flight bag and i dreaded seeing how many calls i had missed since i 'd left the plane . 
 `` excuse me , please . 
 i need to go take a nap , '' i told the two security guards awkwardly . 
 i was n't used to having staff , and my first instinct was to treat them as guests in my home . 
 they both nodded rather deferentially , as though it had been taught to them amidst all of the other training they must have been through . 
 `` as i said , we 'll be just outside . 
 and my number is in your phone , under ` security . ' '' 
 i thanked them both politely before i went into my room , shutting my door gratefully behind me . 
 i meant to call james , my mind was on him even as i got half undressed and fell facedown on top of my covers . 
 chapter thirty-eight a barrage of strange noises woke me up . 
 it took me long disoriented minutes to sort them all out . 
 the most persistent noise came from my bedside table , in the form of an ipad i had n't even known existed . 
 i recognized the thin object , but i certainly did n't know what one was doing in my bedroom , or how i had n't noticed it before i went to sleep . 
 i had passed out rather quickly , i remembered . 
 it was letting out a loud chiming noise , over and over again . 
 i decided that was n't my biggest problem as someone knocked , rather frantically , at my bedroom door . 
 i felt fear curl in my stomach until i realized that any real threat would hardly be knocking at an unlocked door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i called , my voice still full of sleep . 
 the door burst open and blake stood framed in it . 
 she had apparently taken my yes as an invitation to enter . 
 her eyes darted around my room , looking for threats . 
 when she deducted that there was none , her eyes shifted to me . 
 she quickly looked away uncomfortably . 
 i realized that i was basically nak * d , wearing only a pair of panties and one errant stocking . 
 i had managed to pull a corner of the covers over most of my torso in my sleep , thank god , but it was obvious that i was nearly nak * d underneath . 
 a muffled sound from my flight bag drew my attention briefly , and a i realized that my phone had been going off constantly , just like the the mysterious ipad . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked blake . 
 i figured she had to have a better idea than i did . 
 `` mr. cavendish has been unable to get ahold of you . 
 he was ... concerned . 
 he said you were supposed to contact him when you got to your home , and you did not . '' 
 her voice held a world of condemnation , as though forgetting to make a phone call were the worst sort of offense . 
 i studied her . 
 she wore only a tight navy t-shirt and athletic shorts , her shoulder holster and gun clearly visible . 
 i realized that instead of being stocky , as i 'd originally thought , her figure was solidly covered in stark muscles . 
 i could n't remember ever seeing a woman quite so ripped up with muscle . 
 she could have been a female body builder . 
 `` i just sort of passed out . 
 i guess i was more tired than i realized . '' 
 she sighed heavily . 
 `` well , please call mr. cavendish now . 
 he 's more than a little upset . '' 
 before i could respond , a shirtless and disheveled stephan appeared behind blake , looking distraught . 
 `` are you okay , bee ? 
 james just woke me up . 
 he 's frantic , says you were supposed to call him hours ago and he has n't been able to get ahold of you . 
 he 's got me feeling guilty for falling asleep before making you call him . '' 
 as he spoke , stephan brushed past blake to my bed . 
 he climbed in with me wearing only his boxers , stroking a hand over my hair . 
 i thought blake 's eyes were going to bulge out of her head . 
 `` that is highly inappropriate , mr. davis . 
 i would ask that you please remove yourself from ms. karlsson 's bed . '' 
 i gave her a baffled look . 
 stephan 's was downright unfriendly . 
 `` stephan is my adopted brother , '' i explained to blake , even though we did n't owe her an explanation . 
 still , i did n't see the need for her to get the wrong idea . 
 and he really was my adopted brother , if not technically than at least emotionally . 
 she looked relieved . 
 `` that is a relief . 
 still , i will have to report this to mr. cavendish . 
 just so you know . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 stephan leaned over and kissed me on the forehead . 
 `` i 'm going back to bed , buttercup . 
 call james before he gets on a plane . '' 
 stephan left , but blake still hovered in the doorway . 
 i began to get annoyed , as much with james as with my stern bodyguard . 
 `` i got it . 
 i 'll call james as soon as you give me some privacy . '' 
 i felt rude even as the words left my mouth , but she just nodded and left . 
 i opened the pumpkin orange case of the chiming ipad , sitting up as i did so . 
 i was startled to see myself topless for an endless moment before an image of james , dressed in the suit i had said goodbye to him in that morning , and with a huge window with a killer view of new york in the background , took over most of the screen . 
 he looked wild , his hair disheveled as though he 'd run his through it impatiently . 
 the curl of his pretty mouth gave me a good idea of his dark mood . 
 `` why did n't you call me when you said you would ? 
 and why are you topless ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his tone was harsh , and i saw not an ounce of softness in his angry face . 
 `` i fell asleep before i realized it . 
 i did n't mean to . 
 i had no idea i was so tired . '' 
 `` you said you would call . 
 are you toying with me ? 
 is that what this is ? 
 do you like to drive me wild ? '' 
 i let my annoyance show clearly on my face . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 it 's exactly what i said , and you 're overreacting . 
 obviously i was fine . 
 you have this whole place patrolled day and night . 
 what did you think had happened ? '' 
 his jaw clenched hard enough that it looked like it hurt . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 and not knowing is worse than just about anything . 
 you might have been mad at me again , or freaked out that you 'd agreed to live with me . 
 perhaps you were leaving me again . 
 and in the back of my mind , i was even worried that your father had somehow gotten ahold of you again . '' 
 he did n't bother to hide his vulnerability during his little tirade , and i felt myself involuntarily softening towards him . 
 it was a talent of his . 
 i sighed . 
 `` oh , james . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't call when i said i would , but i was n't being deliberately hurtful . 
 i was just more exhausted than i realized by the time paterson had finished searching my house . 
 i barely got undressed before i passed out . '' 
 his face went a little slack and i saw his gaze shift down to my nak * d br ** sts . 
 they 'd been uncovered when i 'd sat up in bed . 
 he swallowed . 
 i felt a surge of unadulterated lust shoot through my body . 
 `` i see that . 
 i 'm sorry i overreacted . 
 you 're more precious than my own life to me , bianca , and knowing that you 're safe and sound is my first priority . '' 
 i felt my face , hell , my whole body , soften . 
 he said the sweetest things to me , the most romantic things . 
 i tried to remind myself that he 'd never once told me that he loved me , but still i felt that raw emotion for him like a drug to my system . 
 `` i miss you , '' i told him softly . 
 his lids got very heavy . 
 `` i ca n't wait for monday . 
 is your bottom half as nak * d as your top half ? '' 
 i could n't help it , i blushed . 
 `` are you in your office ? 
 on a saturday ? '' 
 his pretty mouth twisted into a wry smile . 
 `` yes , though i 'm quite alone . 
 the hotel industry is a seven day a week business . 
 do n't change the subject . 
 shift the camera down for me . 
 i want to see what you 're wearing . '' 
 i blushed harder , but i did as he said . 
 it was just more natural to obey him than to fight him when he spoke like that . 
 i showed him my lower half , my lap covered in a thin blanket , my one stockinged leg clearly exposed . 
 i could n't see his face anymore with the way the screen was angled . 
 `` take off the cover . '' 
 i removed it , showing him the tiny scrap of nude-colored underwear i wore . 
 i heard his guttural moan of approval and let my legs fall open . 
 `` use the magnetic cover to prop the ipad up on your bedside table . 
 point it at the bed . '' 
 i did , seeing him clearly again . 
 he had rearranged himself as well , pushing his chair far enough back from the desk so that i could see his lap . 
 he was still fully dressed but i could see his stark erection tenting his pale gray slacks obscenely . 
 as i watched him he opened up his pants , using both hands to pull his nak * d c * ck free . 
 it sprang out and up with a little bounce that made me gasp . 
 he shifted , pulling his slacks down far enough to give it total freedom . 
 he unbuttoned the last three buttons on his shirt , pulling it open wide . 
 he threw his long thin white tie over his shoulder and out of his way . 
 i had an unobstructed view of his hands as he stroked himself . 
 `` take off your panties and lie back on the bed . '' 
 i obeyed , my face turning pink all the while . 
 `` prop yourself up on the pillows and open your legs wide . 
 wider . 
 open yourself for me . 
 perfect , yes , just like that . 
 push two fingers inside of you . 
 deeper . 
 yes . 
 reach a hand up to cup your breast . 
 knead around it , but do n't touch the nipple . '' 
 as he spoke and i acquiesced to his demands , he stroked himself with hard , almost brutal thoroughness . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , bianca . 
 every inch of you is perfection . 
 i can see the moisture between your legs . 
 it 's the hottest f ** king thing i 've ever seen in my life . 
 stroke yourself harder and faster . 
 imitate me f ** king you . '' 
 `` it 's not the same , '' i gasped , stroking myself faster and faster . 
 it was n't at all the same as him touching me , a sad imitation in fact , but i was still getting close to orgasm , more from his voice and the sight of his beautiful hands on that perfect c * ck than from what i was clumsily doing to myself . 
 he gave me a pained smile . 
 `` i know it 's not . 
 not even close . 
 we should n't be separated like this . 
 not ever . 
 but we 'll work with what we 've been given . 
 now move that hand on your lovely tit down to your clit . 
 yes , perfect . 
 rub very soft , small circles on it with your finger . 
 tell me when you 're close , my love . 
 i could come on a dime , and i want us to go at the same moment . 
 mmm , there , shove those fingers in as hard and fast as you can manage . 
 if we get separated like this often , we 'll have to get you a vibrator for your house . 
 or a dildo that 's a perfect replica of my dick . '' 
 his voice and his words brought me closer and closer to the edge as i watched him work himself so roughly with his hands . 
 the sight of him touching himself was incredibly erotic to me . 
 `` i 'm close , '' i gasped to him . 
 he bit his lip as he wrenched at himself . 
 his neck arched but his eyes never left me as he came into his hand with a rough little groan . 
 the sight of him coming in spurts that hit nothing but air brought me with him , and i gave a little whimper as my orgasm took me . 
 it felt good , but nowhere near as intense as where james usually brought me . 
 i sat up and watched in fascination as he cleaned up the mess he had made , giving me a self-deprecating smile all the while . 
 `` was it good for you , love ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes tender in spite of that smile . 
 i wanted to cry for some strange reason . 
 i did n't want to analyze the urge at all , but i could n't help but worry about how much i was coming to depend on james . 
 i felt an addictive need to be near him . 
 `` it was good . 
 i loved watching you touch yourself , but it all just made me want you with me even more . '' 
 his face changed so drastically that i blinked . 
 there was a calculation there now , and a resolve that made me tense . 
 `` we do n't ever have to be apart . 
 you could work from home , and have a career with your paintings . 
 i wo n't rush you , but it 's something i 'd like you to start thinking about . '' 
 i tensed up even more , and he held up a conciliatory hand . 
 `` i 'll drop it , love . 
 paterson tells me that you offered to let blake sleep in your spare room . 
 are you really okay with that ? 
 for security purposes it would be ideal , but i want you to be comfortable in your own home . '' 
 i shrugged , and his eyes moved down to my br ** sts . 
 he began to tuck himself back into his slacks , making a visible effort to tear his eyes back up to my face . 
 i was n't totally comfortable with it , but i thought that with all of the other bizarre things i would need to grow accustomed to , it was a very little thing in the scheme of it all . 
 he gave me an almost grateful smile . 
 it looked a little off on his too perfect face . 
 `` thank you . 
 that will help me to sleep better when you have to be away from me . '' 
 i shifted as he spoke , sitting cross - legged and pulling a corner of my bedspread over my lap . 
 his smile changed to a smirk . 
 `` take the blanket off your lap . 
 i love the one stocking , by the way . 
 you really passed out , huh ? '' 
 we chatted for a long time , both of us in a lighter mood by the time he finally had to get back to work . 
 i wondered how my heart could be both light with happiness and heavy with love at the same time . 
 chapter thirty-nine i was heading from my bedroom to the kitchen , clad only in a robe , when i heard a commotion at my front door . 
 i moved to see what it was before i could think better of it . 
 i blinked at the unexpected sight that greeted me . 
 a strange , middle-aged woman stood just in the front doorway , paterson behind her , blake in front . 
 she had hair dyed a garish red , with overdone makeup that could n't disguise the drawn look of her too thin face . 
 she looked how i thought a retired showgirl might look , with a thin body and too large br ** sts that seemed to hurt her posture . 
 her spine stiffened when she caught sight of me . 
 her eyes were neither friendly nor hostile , but held a desperate sort of appeal that i could n't understand showing to a complete stranger . 
 she addressed me right away . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you , as these people seem to think . '' 
 she held up a plain white envelope . 
 `` i just wanted to give you this . 
 there are some things you need to know . 
 i would have told you before , but your father would n't let me contact you . 
 now that he 's disappeared , i saw no reason to delay . 
 please , just read this . 
 i can see why you would n't want to talk to me , but this is n't about me . '' 
 her speech was a little desperate , and i recognized the nervous fear that seemed to sit on her shoulders , a fear that she had to live with every second of her life , living with my father . 
 i remembered it well . 
 `` sharon karlsson , '' i said , my mouth stiff around the words . 
 the name felt so wrong to me . 
 she nodded , her arm shaking badly as she held the envelope towards me . 
 i moved forward to take it . 
 blake moved to block me . 
 `` she has n't let us search her , ms. karlsson . '' 
 i studied sharon . 
 she wore a thin shift of a dress , flowers faded from many washes . 
 i did n't see how she could hide anything in the dress , but i was n't the expert . 
 `` will you hand me the envelope then ? '' 
 i asked blake , trying to be practical . 
 blake took the envelope from sharon , and the red-headed woman began backing immediately out the door . 
 i remembered that i had something to tell her but she was retreating swiftly . 
 i had to shoulder past my bodyguards to catch a last view of her getting into an old clunker of a sedan that was parked on the curb . 
 `` wait , sharon , '' i called out . 
 she cast me a panicky look , but did n't pause . 
 i moved closer . 
 `` i need to tell you something important , '' i shouted , but she was already peeling away from my house like a madwoman . 
 `` please , ms. karlsson . 
 step back inside . 
 it could be some kind of a trap , '' paterson said , scanning the street with focused thoroughness . 
 i cooperated , walking back inside with a sigh . 
 now i would have to call her . 
 i had so just wanted to get it over with . 
 i had an almost overpoweringly strong aversion to speaking to that woman . 
 i held my hand out to blake as i passed her . 
 `` may i have that letter ? '' 
 she looked hesitant but handed it to me . 
 paterson cleared his throat . 
 `` may i inspect it first , ms. karlsson ? '' 
 i already had the thing open , and i could see that it contained nothing more than a thin scrap of paper . 
 i showed him . 
 he grimaced , holding out his hand . 
 `` i 'm asking to read it first . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i would cooperate with them for the sake of my safety , but i had no intention of sharing my personal business with them . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry , but this is private . '' 
 i went into my bedroom without another word . 
 i could hear paterson 's voice through the door . 
 `` i 'm going to have to tell mr. cavendish about this , ms. karlsson . '' 
 `` you do that , '' i said , opening the letter . 
 it was short and to the point . 
 bianca , i understand why you do n't want anything to do with me , but i have a son . 
 he is your half-brother , your father 's son . 
 he 's only one year younger than you . 
 his name is sven karlsson , and he lives in manhattan . 
 his phone number is at the bottom of the page . 
 i think he would like to hear from you . 
 we have no other family , and he has been estranged from me and his father for several years . 
 sincerely , sharon karlsson my vision went a little fuzzy after the first few sentences . 
 i have a brother ? 
 only a year younger than myself ? 
 the ramifications took long minutes to sink in as i sat perched on the edge of my bed . 
 i had been fourteen when my father had murdered my mother . 
 he had been seeing this other woman the entire time , had a child with her . 
 is that why he had killed my mother ? 
 had the shooting been even more calculated than i 'd realized ? 
 i thought of my mother , my beautiful mother . 
 that sharon woman never could have held a candle to her , with her garish looks and lack of class , and she was obviously much older than my mother would be , if she were alive . 
 my mother had been the very epitome of class , holding a quietly reserved grace in every line of her elegant body . 
 it seemed impossible that anyone would have killed such a woman , let alone for someone like sharon . 
 i found myself hating that woman with a passion usually only reserved for my father . 
 but my half-brother ... i had not a clue what to think about the idea of that . 
 my phone distracted me out of my reverie , though it had been ringing for awhile , i realized . 
 i saw that it was james and answered it . 
 `` what 's going on , bianca ? 
 paterson tells me you would n't let him check a mysterious letter . '' 
 his voice was more worried than angry but i still felt myself bristling . 
 `` it 's my letter , james . 
 and what harm could there be in a letter ? '' 
 `` who was that woman ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 of course he 'd gotten a detailed report of everything . 
 `` my father 's wife , sharon karlsson . '' 
 he cursed . 
 `` what did she want ? '' 
 i studied the short letter . 
 `` nothing much . 
 she was in full panic mode , so she did n't say much . 
 i did n't get a chance to tell her anything , either , so now i have to call her . 
 the sooner the better , so i need to let you go . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what did the letter say ? '' 
 i pursed my lips , debating what to tell him . 
 why not everything ? 
 his investigators probably knew more than i did , at this point . 
 `` she just wanted to tell me that i have a half-brother . 
 she and my father have a son . '' 
 he was silent for a long moment . 
 `` okay . 
 thank you for telling me . 
 i 'll let you go so you can make that phone call . 
 will you call me before bed ? '' 
 i agreed to call him , and we hung up . 
 i went back to my missed calls , calling back the number that i knew was hers . 
 it rang five times and went to voicemail . 
 i was a breath away from just leaving her a message when i realized how that might endanger her . 
 i could n't say anything about my father or she might have to answer to him for it . 
 i finally decided that any message from me would be bad , if my father had access , which he very well could have . 
 i tried calling her again , with the same result . 
 i realized with resignation that i would have to keep calling her until i got the woman herself . 
 i had taken such a long nap that i found myself having dinner at stephan 's house just thirty minutes later , dressed in an overlarge t-shirt and cheer shorts . 
 stephan gave me an arch look when he saw my attire . 
 `` bet you would n't be caught dead wearing that when james was around . '' 
 i gave him a half smile as i moved into his house . 
 `` james is n't around , now , is he ? '' 
 stephan , javier , and i had a very pleasant dinner , laughing and talking while we all ate too much of stephan 's chicken cacciatore . 
 it was as fabulous as it always was , one of his best recipes by far . 
 after dinner javier slipped away without an awkward moment to give us some privacy to chat . 
 `` i need to make some phone calls , '' he murmured and slipped away . 
 stephan gave him a very affectionate smile . 
 we caught up on everything , nearly talking over each other to get it all out . 
 he was shocked about my mysterious half-brother . 
 i was shocked when he glanced at the doorway where javier had exited then leaned forward to say in a whisper , `` i 'm totally in love with him , bianca . 
 i 'm in deep . 
 i ca n't seem to help it , with javier . 
 falling for him is just too easy , when i do n't hold myself back . '' 
 his eyes were so earnest and vulnerable that i wanted to cry . 
 i hoped with all my heart that it worked out for them . 
 he sighed and smiled , happy to enjoy the moment , instead of analyzing it all to death like i seemed to . 
 `` what about you ? 
 do you think you love james ? '' 
 i looked down at my hands . 
 they were suddenly fisted in my lap . 
 i nodded . 
 `` hopelessly . 
 i do n't know about the rest of it , but i know i love him . 
 hell , i do n't even know if he loves me back . 
 i 'm not even sure he 's capable of it , or if i 'm capable of letting him , you know ? '' 
 his soft eyes just about undid me . 
 `` oh , he loves you alright . 
 i think he 's loved you from the start . 
 that man would do anything for you . 
 i know it in my heart . '' 
 i thought about what a beautiful thing stephan 's heart was , to always see the good around the mess that it was buried in . 
 i wanted to ask him something , but even thinking about it made me blush . 
 but stephan and i had established a pattern of openness so long ago , that it was as ingrained in me as my love for him , so it was n't long before i got up the nerve . 
 `` you and javier seem to have a sort of , um , dominant submissive vibe going on . 
 is that how it is between you ? '' 
 i studied his face , but saw no hesitance or embarrassment there . 
 he just smiled happily . 
 `` we are n't into the bdsm stuff , if that 's what you mean , but i 'm his top . 
 we do n't switch , not ever . 
 it does n't appeal to either of us . '' 
 he had explained the top/bottom thing to me a long time ago . 
 he only ever topped . 
 i had known that . 
 i just had n't connected his preference to a dominant/submissive relationship so clearly , though it obviously was just that . 
 stephan cleared his throat . 
 `` you and james are into the bdsm stuff , are n't you ? 
 he 's your dominant . '' 
 i nodded , meeting his eyes squarely , though i could n't bring myself to smile , like he had . 
 `` i know it 's not ... normal , but i 've found that it 's just the way i 'm hardwired . 
 and he mostly only acts that way in the bedroom . 
 he really does n't boss me around outside of it , though he does manipulate the hell out of my life . '' 
 he stroked my hair . 
 `` you do n't have to explain your preferences to me . 
 i want whatever makes you happy , and i see that james does that , when you let him . 
 you were n't even slightly interested in men before you met him , so he obviously gives you something you need . 
 i 'm glad you found someone who seems to compliment you so well . '' 
 i nodded , sighing in relief . 
 i had been half-afraid that he would be mad at james if i told him about our strange sexual preferences , and it was good to know that he would n't judge us . 
 i knew better , and as always , stephan deserved only my blind my faith . 
 we finished out the night watching a few episodes of new girl , the three of us laughing and eating ice cream . 
 stephan walked me home around ten o'clock . 
 my security was waiting for me , of course . 
 i called james , and we spoke for nearly an hour before we reluctantly said goodnight . 
 it had n't even been a day since we 'd parted , with just one more to go , but as i tried to fall asleep that night , it felt like forever . 
 chapter forty work the next day was beyond busy , but still managed to feel like it took ages . 
 we were actually running early on our hour layover in dc . 
 i called james but he did n't answer . 
 he had told me he had some important meetings that day , so i was n't surprised . 
 just disappointed . 
 stephan was speaking excitedly to javier on his phone in the galley just before we boarded . 
 he beamed at me as he hung up the phone . 
 `` the jfk flight is delayed two hours . 
 if we keep running on time we can actually take the redeye flight tonight . 
 javier is going to meet us at the airport with my overnight bag . 
 james has things for you at his place , right ? '' 
 i nodded , feeling suddenly light and happy . 
 if everything worked out just perfectly , i would get to see james a good eight hours earlier than i could have hoped for . 
 my day was looking up . 
 when we finally arrived back in vegas we deplaned with efficient and single-minded purpose , still hoping to catch the flight to new york . 
 `` javier says it 's d39 , the gate next door . 
 he 's waiting there now . 
 he 's all checked in , and we 're listed . 
 we just need to get there in the next twenty minutes . '' 
 and we did , rushing off the plane at the first possible moment , barely saying goodbye to the rest of the crew . 
 stephan left his paperwork with jake , who would drop it off for him . 
 javier grinned when he saw us running up to the podium . 
 we got on the plane , if only barely . 
 it departed not ten minutes after we got on board . 
 i only had time to leave james a brief text telling him that we were on our way , and what time we would arrive . 
 stephan and javier fell soundly asleep in the back row of the plane , but i got up to help the main cabin crew with drinks since i was in uniform , the flight was nearly full , and the people were downright cranky with the delay . 
 as though a sleep wand had been waved over the passengers , they all seemed to fall asleep right after they got their drinks . 
 i was prying empty cups out of the hands of sleeping passengers when i caught the flight attendant i 'd been helping studying me with a strange intensity . 
 i 'd never met her before , but she 'd seemed friendly enough when she realized that i was going to help her with their service , no strings attached . 
 she was a very small , very nondescript woman in her early twenties . 
 she was hispanic and had long black hair and eyes so dark they looked black . 
 we were back in the galley , just the two of us , when she seemed to get up the nerve to ask the question that was obviously on her mind . 
 `` you 're that flight attendant who 's dating james cavendish , are n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her tone was n't hostile , merely curious . 
 in fact it was a little too curious for a complete stranger , something in her voice suggesting that she knew something about him , or even about me . 
 i should n't have been so surprised by it , but it was the first time i had experienced that sort of strange interaction with a co-worker . 
 i sighed . 
 `` yes , i 'm dating him , '' i finally said . 
 she did n't smile , just gave me that fascinated stare . 
 it was unnerving . 
 `` it must not be serious . 
 i 'm right , are n't i ? 
 you would n't still be working here if he were serious about you . '' 
 i felt myself getting instantly defensive about my job . 
 `` i like my job . 
 what 's wrong with working here ? '' 
 she gave me a stare that was way too direct for a stranger talking about my personal life . 
 `` come on . 
 he must make more money than this just brushing his teeth in the morning . 
 i 'm just saying that if he wanted to live with you or marry you or whatever , it would be beyond pointless for you to be spending all of your time making peanuts while he makes billions . 
 if he was serious , he would let you quit . '' 
 i felt myself flush , but tried to maintain my composure . 
 `` for your information , we are living together , and i have n't quit because i like my job . 
 so what if he makes more money than me ? 
 i still have to work . 
 i 'm not going to sit around all day and wait for him . '' 
 i realized even as i made the argument that that would never be the case , whether i had this job or not . 
 i did n't need to worry about waiting around for him all the time because i just would n't do it . 
 and he knew me well enough to know not to expect it from me , either . 
 what would i do if i could do anything i wanted ? 
 i wondered , kind of stunned that i was even letting myself think that way . 
 i remembered that i was in the middle of a conversation with an obnoxious woman who seemed to think she knew something about my life . 
 `` and why on earth do you assume that you know anything at all about either of us ? '' 
 she had the nerve to give me a conspiratorial smile as she reached into her flight bag . 
 she handed me a rolled up magazine . 
 `` i 've been keeping up with all of the drama , '' she said , as though it were an accomplishment . 
 i cringed as i saw the cover of the gossip mag she 'd handed me . 
 it was a picture of me wearing a transparent white slip and standing in my driveway , looking stunned and confused . 
 you could just make out the outline of my n ** ples in the thin slip . 
 at least it was n't obvious that i had n't been wearing panties . 
 james was behind me in the shot , obviously striding towards me , but giving the man taking the shots a positively murderous look . 
 he looked absolutely gorgeous wearing only his boxers , even his hair perfectly disheveled . 
 my own hair looked like it had just been through a wind-tunnel . 
 when i was done working through my own feelings about the horrible pictures getting out , my mind went to james . 
 he must know about it by now . 
 he probably had people who brought it to his attention . 
 if i was this upset , i knew he would be livid . 
 `` he 's so hot . 
 do you have any idea how hot he is ? '' 
 the strange flight attendant was asking me . 
 i really needed to remember her name . 
 i gave her a very direct stare with lots of eye contact . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i know exactly how hot he is . 
 trust me when i say that you do n't have any idea just how hot he is . '' 
 she made a motion as though she were swooning . 
 `` that is awesome , '' she said with a sigh , and i realized for the first time that , though she did n't have any manners at all , she meant no harm . 
 in fact , she did n't seem to have a malicious bone in her body as she stared at james on the cover of the magazine . 
 `` good for you , girl . 
 he 's a total dreamboat . '' 
 i threw her a bone , feeling tired but suddenly a little delirious about the fact that i might see james in just a few short hours , depending on if he was at work by the time we got there . 
 `` there 's a chance he might be picking me up from the airport . 
 if he is , it will probably be right by the crew van pickup , so you might get a glance at him . '' 
 she grinned at me as though i had just done her a huge favor . 
 `` that 's so awesome . 
 he ca n't possibly be that beautiful in person , though , so i 'll brace myself for disappointment . '' 
 i had to smile back . 
 `` actually , he 's even more gorgeous . 
 sometimes i call him mr. beautiful . '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` you 're very pretty and all , but he can have any woman on the planet . 
 no offense , but how did you manage to land him ? '' 
 i gave her my little shrug , strangely no longer offended by her candor . 
 `` i really have no idea . '' 
 our strange little talk was interrupted as the two other members of the main cabin crew came through the curtain . 
 they were less pushy , but both of them gave me strange , probing looks , and i figured they 'd heard or seen something about me . 
 i asked them politely if they needed any more help . 
 when they declined , i ducked back into the cabin and found my seat beside stephan . 
 i lay my head back and tried my best to get a short nap in . 
 i awoke with a start as the plane touched down . 
 i was so conditioned to stay awake on red-eyes that i was surprised i 'd been able to sleep that long on a plane . 
 i sent james a text as we taxied in . 
 bianca : we just landed . 
 he responded immediately . 
 james : there 's a car waiting at the curb for you . 
 that did n't seem to need a response , so i put my phone away , deplaning as quickly as possibly . 
 we were in the last row of the aircraft , though , and it was a frustratingly slow process . 
 we wound up walking with the crew through the airport . 
 stephan grabbed my small flight bag from me without a word , as was his wont . 
 the strange girl , who was named marie , as i discovered when she reintroduced herself , made her way to my side as we walked . 
 she chatted on and on about celebrity gossip . 
 she seemed to think that because i was in the tabloids , i would also like reading them , and be caught up on the latest drama . 
 she seemed crestfallen when i disabused her of the notion . 
 i really had no idea who she was talking about . 
 she had me half-distracted with her endless chatter as we stepped out of the sliding door and began to make our way to the pickup spot at the curb . 
 but i was n't so distracted that i did n't instantly see the tall figure step out of the limo parked just behind the crew van . 
 even if he had n't gotten out of the car , there was no way i could have missed clark 's imposing figure waiting on the sidewalk for us . 
 but james stepping out of the car with the warmest smile on his face made me instantly forget that there were even other people in the world , let alone that one was babbling at me . 
 without even thinking about it , my steps quickened until i was nearly running to him . 
 he was n't indifferent to my enthusiasm . 
 he began to walk briskly towards me , obviously determined to meet me at least halfway . 
 when we got within arm 's reach of each other he grabbed me to him in a bone-jarring embrace , his hold painful but oh so comforting to me . 
 i had thrown my arms around his neck at the same moment he 'd grabbed and i held on tightly as he lifted me , moving back towards his car , one hand cupping the back of my head firmly . 
 i felt like i was five years old , my feet dangling inches from the ground . 
 i nearly laughed . 
 `` james , put me down , '' i sputtered . 
 he just gripped me tighter , moving purposefully towards the car . 
 `` i ca n't be in public like this , bianca . 
 i feel too raw . 
 god , i missed you . 
 it felt like christmas when i heard you were getting in ahead of schedule . '' 
 i gripped his silky hair in my fists . 
 `` i missed you , too . 
 it 's scary just how much . 
 i do n't know how it happened so fast , but you feel like home to me , james . '' 
 a hoarse , pained sound escaped his throat . 
 `` yes , '' he said , his voice rough with emotion . 
 `` this is home . '' 
 chapter forty-one james had me in the car and securely ensconced on his lap when stephan and javier finally joined us , both of them grinning widely . 
 they had obviously found our over-enthusiastic reunion amusing . 
 `` i have to warn you guys ; that crew is going to tell the world about that little scene . 
 that small sassy one , marie , was even making noises about giving an interview to the press , '' stephan said , his voice more amused than worried . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 that little gossip-monger probably would , too . 
 i tried to remember if i had told her anything i would n't want shared , but mentally shrugged the whole thing off . 
 there was nothing i could do about any of it now , and it was much more pleasant to bask in the presence of mr. beautiful than to worry about what-ifs . 
 james greeted the other men politely before he began to nuzzle into my hair . 
 i felt him breathing me in , and my eyes closed in pleasure . 
 his arms were wrapped around me snugly , but suddenly they tightened to the point of pain and i felt him tense . 
 `` i need to tell you something , '' he whispered , his mouth at my ear . 
 from the tension in his body and voice , i immediately knew that something was terribly wrong . 
 i stiffened , turning to study his face . 
 his strange change of mood was troubling , to say the least . 
 and his eyes were haunted , just the sight of them making my chest tighten in dread . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` sharon karlsson was found dead in her home last night . 
 she was murdered . '' 
 his voice was quiet , but the car went deathly silent at his news . 
 i just froze , staring at him as i processed his words . 
 i had been trying to call her , to tell her about my father , but i had failed to get ahold of her . 
 could i have prevented this ? 
 was i to blame ? 
 it was n't even a question to me who had killed her . 
 it was just too big of a coincidence , and i had stared too fully into the murdering eyes of my father not to know that he was fully capable of killing again . 
 it was only a wonder that he had n't killed again before this . 
 though , for all i knew , he had . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 he ran a hand over my hair , a gesture that i thought was to comfort himself as much as me . 
 `` she was shot in the head . '' 
 i thought of the way my mother had died , a mock suicide where she 'd ` eaten the gun . ' 
 `` like my mother ? '' 
 i asked , my voice very small . 
 his eyes were impossibly tender , and infinitely worried , on my own . 
 `` yes , like that . '' 
 `` i tried to tell her . 
 i 've been trying to call her since i found out she existed , but i feel responsible . 
 he 's a killer , and he stayed free because i lied for him . 
 i do n't know why , but i never imagined he 'd kill again . 
 i 've known for all these years , and somehow it just never occurred to me . 
 why do you suppose that is ? 
 i should have thought of it . '' 
 my voice was pitched low , but it seemed to crack through the stunned silence of the car . 
 everyone began to speak at once . 
 `` you are not responsible for this , '' james said , his voice firm and harsh and full of pain . 
 `` you could n't have known , buttercup , '' stephan said , his voice passionately sincere . 
 `` please do n't do that to yourself , '' javier implored quietly . 
 i ignored the reassurances , feeling the weight of her death like a heavy burden on my soul . 
 and shamefully , even stronger than that guilt was the fear . 
 my father had killed at least two women now , something he 'd threatened to do to me more times than i could count . 
 even with the numb state my brain seemed to be in with the disturbing news of sharon 's death , what i felt the most was a chilling terror that ran so deep i could n't remember a time that it had n't been a part of me . 
 i shared a long look with james . 
 in his eyes i saw a wrenching helplessness that mirrored my own . 
