 chapter 1 i had never noticed lucas before that night . 
 it was as though he did n't exist , and then suddenly , he was everywhere . 
 i 'd just bailed on the halloween party still in full swing behind me . 
 weaving between the cars crammed into the parking lot behind my ex 's frat house , i tapped out a text to my roommate . 
 the night was beautiful and warm-a typical southern-style indian summer . 
 from the wide-open windows of the house , music blared across the pavement , punctuated with occasional bursts of laughter , drunken challenges and calls for more shots . 
 as tonight 's designated driver , it was my responsibility to get erin back to our dorm across campus in one non-mangled piece , whether or not i could stand another minute of the party . 
 my message told her to call or text when she was ready to go . 
 the way she and her boyfriend , chaz , had been tequila-soaked dirty dancing before they linked hands and tripped up the stairs to his room , she might not be calling me until tomorrow . 
 i chuckled over the thought of the short walk of shame she 'd endure from the front porch to my truck , if so . 
 i hit send as i dug in my bag for my keys . 
 the moon was too cloud-obscured and the fully lit windows of the house were too far away to provide any light at the far end of the lot . 
 i had to go by feel . 
 swearing when a mechanical pencil jabbed a fingertip , i stomped one stiletto-clad foot , almost certain i 'd drawn blood . 
 once the keys were in my hand i sucked on the finger ; the slight metallic taste told me i 'd punctured the skin . 
 `` figures , '' i muttered , unlocking the truck door . 
 in the initial seconds that followed , i was too disoriented to comprehend what was happening . 
 one moment i was pulling the truck door open , and the next i was lying flat on my face across the seat , breathless and immobile . 
 i struggled to rise but could n't , because the weight on top of me was too heavy . 
 `` the little devil costume suits you , jackie . '' 
 the voice was slurred , but familiar . 
 my first thought was do n't call me that , but that objection was quickly dismissed in favor of terror as i felt a hand pushing my already short skirt higher . 
 my right arm was useless , trapped between my body and the seat . 
 i clawed my left hand into the seat next to my face , trying again to push myself upright , and the hand on the bare skin of my thigh whipped up and grabbed my wrist . 
 i cried out when he wrenched my arm behind my back , clamping it firmly in his other hand . 
 his forearm pressed into my upper back . 
 i could n't move . 
 `` buck , get off me . 
 let go . '' 
 my voice quavered , but i tried to deliver the command with as much authority as possible . 
 i could smell the beer on his breath and something stronger in his sweat , and a wave of nausea rose and fell in my stomach . 
 his free hand was back on my left thigh , his weight settled onto my right side , covering me . 
 my feet dangled outside the truck , the door still open . 
 i tried to pull my knee up to get it under me , and he laughed at my pathetic efforts . 
 when he shoved his hand between my open legs , i cried out , snapping my leg back down too late . 
 i heaved and squirmed , first thinking to dislodge him and then , realizing i was no match for his size , i started to beg . 
 `` buck , stop . 
 please-you 're just drunk and you 'll regret this tomorrow . 
 oh my god - '' he wedged his knee between my legs and air hit my bare hip . 
 i heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper and he laughed in my ear when i went from rationally imploring to crying . 
 `` no-no-no-no ... '' under his weight , i could n't get enough breath together to scream , and my mouth was mashed against the seat , muffling any protest i made . 
 struggling uselessly , i could n't believe that this guy i 'd known for over a year , who 'd not once treated me with disrespect the entire time i 'd dated kennedy , was attacking me in my own truck at the back of the frat house parking lot . 
 he ripped my panties down to my knees , and between his efforts to push them down and my renewed effort to escape , i heard the fragile fabric tear . 
 `` jesus , jackie , i always knew you had a great ass , but christ , girl . '' 
 his hand thrust between my legs again and the weight lifted for a split second-just long enough for me to suck in a lungful of air and scream . 
 releasing my wrist , he slapped his hand over the back of my head and turned my face into the leather seat until i was silent , almost unable to breathe . 
 even freed , my left arm was useless . 
 i leveraged my hand against the floor of the cab and pushed , but my wrenched and aching muscles would n't obey . 
 i sobbed into the cushion , tears and saliva mixing under my cheek . 
 `` please do n't , please do n't , oh god stop-stop-stop ... '' i hated the weedy sound of my powerless voice . 
 his weight lifted from me for a split second-he 'd changed his mind , or he was repositioning-i did n't wait to find out which . 
 twisting and pulling my legs up , i felt the spiky heels of my shoes tear into the pliant leather as i propelled myself to the far side of the bench seat and scrambled for the handle . 
 blood rushed in my ears as my body rallied for all-out fight or flight . 
 and then i stopped , because buck was no longer in the truck at all . 
 at first , i could n't figure out why he was standing there , just past the door , facing away from me . 
 and then his head snapped back . 
 twice . 
 he swung wildly at something but his fists hit nothing . 
 not until he stumbled back against my truck did i see what-or who-he was fighting . 
 the guy never took his eyes off buck as he delivered two more sharp jabs to his face , bobbing to the side as they circled and buck threw futile punches of his own , blood streaming from his nose . 
 finally , buck ducked his head and rushed forward with bull-like intent , but that effort was his undoing as the stranger swung an easy uppercut to his jaw . 
 when buck 's head snapped up , an elbow cracked into his temple with a sickening thud . 
 he collided with the side of the truck again , pushing off and rushing the stranger a second time . 
 as though the entire fight was choreographed , he grabbed buck 's shoulders and pulled him forward , hard , kneeing him under the chin . 
 buck crumpled to the ground , moaning and cringing . 
 the stranger stared down , fists balled , elbows slightly bent , poised to deliver another blow if necessary . 
 there was no need . 
 buck was almost unconscious . 
 i cowered against the far door , panting and curling into a ball as shock replaced the panic . 
 i must have whimpered , because his eyes snapped up to mine . 
 he rolled buck aside with one booted foot and stepped up to the door , peering in . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 his tone was low , careful . 
 i wanted to say yes . 
 i wanted to nod . 
 but i could n't . 
 i was so not okay . 
 `` i 'm gon na call 911 . 
 do you need medical assistance , or just the police ? '' 
 i envisioned the campus police arriving at the scene , the partygoers who would spill from the house when the sirens came . 
 erin and chaz were only two of the many friends i had in there , more than half of them under-aged and drinking . 
 it would be my fault if the party became the focus of the police . 
 i would be a pariah . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` do n't call . '' 
 my voice was gravelly . 
 `` do n't call an ambulance ? '' 
 i cleared my throat and shook my head . 
 `` do n't call anyone . 
 do n't call the police . '' 
 his jaw hung ajar and he stared across the expanse of seat . 
 `` am i wrong , or did this guy just try to rape you - '' i flinched at the ugly word '' - and you 're telling me not to call the police ? '' 
 he snapped his mouth closed , shook his head once and peered at me again . 
 `` or did i interrupt something i should n't have ? '' 
 i gasped , my eyes welling up . 
 `` n-no . 
 but i just want to go home . '' 
 buck groaned and rolled onto his back . 
 `` fuuuuuck , '' he said , not opening his eyes , one of which was probably swollen shut anyway . 
 my savior stared down at him , his jaw working . 
 he rocked his neck to one side and then back , rolled his shoulders . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll drive you . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i was n't about to escape one attack just to do something as stupid as get into a stranger 's car . 
 `` i can drive myself , '' i rasped . 
 my eyes flicked to my bag , wedged against the console , its contents spilled across the floor of the driver 's side . 
 he glanced down , leaned to pick out my keys from the bits and pieces of my personal effects . 
 `` i believe you were looking for these , before . '' 
 he dangled them from his fingers as i realized that i still had n't moved any closer to him . 
 i licked my lip and tasted blood for the second time that night . 
 scooting forward into the faint illumination shed by the tiny overhead light , i was careful to keep my skirt pulled down . 
 a wave of dizziness crashed over me as i became fully conscious of what had almost happened , and my hand trembled when i reached out for my keys . 
 frowning , he clamped his fist around them and dropped his arm back to his side . 
 `` i ca n't let you drive . '' 
 judging by his expression , my face was a disaster . 
 i blinked , my hand still extended for the keys he 'd just confiscated . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 he ticked three reasons off on his fingers . 
 `` you 're shaking , probably an after-effect of the assault . 
 i have no idea if you 're actually uninjured . 
 and you 've probably been drinking . '' 
 `` i have not , '' i snapped . 
 `` i 'm the designated driver . '' 
 he raised one brow and glanced around . 
 `` who exactly are you designated for ? 
 if anyone had been with you , by the way , you might have been safe tonight . 
 instead , you walked out into a dark parking lot , alone , paying absolutely no attention to your surroundings . 
 real responsible . '' 
 suddenly i was beyond angry . 
 angry at kennedy for breaking my heart two weeks ago and not being with me tonight , seeing me to the safety of my truck . 
 angry at erin for talking me into coming to this stupid party and even angrier with myself for agreeing . 
 furious at the barely-conscious asswipe drooling and bleeding on the concrete a few feet away . 
 and seething at the stranger who was holding my keys hostage while accusing me of being brainless and careless . 
 `` so it 's my fault he attacked me ? '' 
 my throat was raw , but i pushed past the pain . 
 `` it 's my fault i ca n't walk from a house to my truck without one of you trying to rape me ? '' 
 i threw the word back at him to let him see i could bear it . '' 
 ` one of you ' ? 
 you 're gon na lump me in with that piece of shit ? '' 
 he pointed at buck , but his eyes never left mine . 
 `` i am nothing like him . '' 
 that was when i noticed the thin silver ring through the left side of his lower lip . 
 great . 
 i was in a parking lot , alone , with an insulted , facially-pierced stranger who still had my keys . 
 i could n't take any more of this night . 
 a sob came from my throat as i tried to remain composed . 
 `` may i have my keys , please ? '' 
 i held my hand out , willing the tremors to subside . 
 he swallowed , looking at me , and i stared back into his clear eyes . 
 i could n't tell their color in the dim light , but they contrasted compellingly with his dark hair . 
 his voice was softer , less hostile . 
 `` do you live on campus ? 
 let me drive you . 
 i can walk back over here and get my ride after . '' 
 no more fight in me , i nodded , reaching over to get my bag out of his way . 
 he helped gather the lip-gloss , wallet , tampons , hair ties , pens and pencils strewn across the floor and return them to my bag . 
 the last item he picked up was a condom packet . 
 he cleared his throat and held it out to me . 
 `` that 's not mine , '' i said , recoiling . 
 he frowned . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i clamped my jaw , trying not to be furious all over again . 
 `` positive . '' 
 he glanced back at buck . 
 `` bastard . 
 he was probably gon na ... '' he glanced into my eyes and back at buck , scowling . 
 `` uh ... conceal the evidence . '' 
 i could n't even contemplate that . 
 he shoved the square package into his front jeans pocket . 
 `` i 'll throw it away-he 's sure as hell not getting it back . '' 
 brow still furrowed , he swung his gaze to me again as he climbed in and started the truck . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want me to call the police ? '' 
 laughter sounded from the back door of the house and i nodded . 
 framed exactly within the center window , kennedy danced with his arms around a girl dressed in a gauzy , low-cut white outfit , wings , and a halo . 
 perfect . 
 just perfect . 
 at some point during my battle with buck , i 'd lost the devil-horned headband erin had stuffed onto my head while i sat on the bed whining that i did n't want to go to a stupid costume party . 
 without the accessory , i was just a girl in a skimpy red-sequined dress that i 'd refuse to be caught dead wearing otherwise . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 the headlights illuminated buck as we backed out of the parking spot . 
 throwing a hand in front of his eyes , he attempted to roll to a sitting position . 
 i could see his split lip , misshapen nose and swollen eye , even from that distance . 
 it was just as well i was n't the one behind the wheel . 
 i probably would have run him over . 
 i gave the name of my dorm when asked , and stared out the passenger window , unable to speak another word as we meandered across campus . 
 with a straightjacket hug , i gripped myself , trying to conceal the shudders wracking through me every five seconds . 
 i did n't want him to see , but i could n't make them stop . 
 the dorm lot was nearly full ; spots near the door were all taken . 
 he angled the truck into a back space and hopped out , coming around to meet me as i slid from the passenger side of my own truck . 
 teetering on the edge of breaking down and losing it , i took the keys after he activated the door locks , and followed him to the building . 
 `` your id ? '' 
 he asked when we reached the door . 
 my hands shook as i unsnapped the front flap on my bag and withdrew the card . 
 when he took it from my fingers , i noted the blood on his knuckles and gasped . 
 `` oh , my god . 
 you 're bleeding . '' 
 he glanced at his hand and shook his head , once . 
 `` nah . 
 mostly his blood . '' 
 his lips pressed flat and he turned away to swipe the card through the door access , and i wondered if he meant to follow me inside . 
 i did n't think i could hold myself together for much longer . 
 after opening the door , he handed me my id card . 
 in the light from the entry vestibule , i could see his eyes more clearly-they were a clear gray-blue under his lowered brows . 
 `` you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 he asked for the second time , and i felt my face crumple . 
 chin down , i shoved the card into my bag and nodded uselessly . 
 `` yes . 
 fine , '' i lied . 
 he huffed a disbelieving sigh , running a hand through his hair . 
 `` can i call someone for you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i had to get to my room so i could fall apart . 
 `` thank you , but no . '' 
 i slipped past him , careful not to brush against any part of him , and headed for the stairs . 
 `` jackie ? '' 
 he called softly , unmoving from the doorway . 
 i looked back , gripping the handrail , and our eyes met . 
 `` it was n't your fault . '' 
 i bit my lip , hard , nodding once before i turned and ran up the stairs , my shoes rapping against the concrete steps . 
 at the second floor landing , i stopped abruptly and turned to look back at the door . 
 he was gone . 
 i did n't know his name , and could n't remember ever seeing him before , let alone meeting him . 
 i 'd have remembered those unusually clear eyes . 
 i had no idea who he was ... and he 'd just called me by name . 
 not the name on my id-jacqueline-but jackie , the nickname i 'd gone by ever since kennedy renamed me , our junior year of high school . 
 *** two weeks ago : `` wan na come up ? 
 or stay over ? 
 erin is staying at chaz 's this weekend ... '' my voice was playful , sing-songy . 
 `` his roommate 's out of town . 
 which means i 'll be all alone ... '' kennedy and i were a month from our three-year anniversary . 
 there was no need to be coy . 
 erin had taken to calling us an old married couple lately . 
 to which i 'd reply , `` jealous . '' 
 and then she 'd flip me off . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 i 'll come up for a little while . '' 
 he kneaded the back of his neck as he pulled into the dorm parking lot and searched for a parking space , his expression inscrutable . 
 prickles of apprehension arose in my chest , and i swallowed uneasily . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 the neck-rubbing was a known stress signal . 
 he flicked a glance in my direction . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . '' 
 he pulled into the first open spot , wedging his bmw between two pickups . 
 he never , ever wedged his prized import into constricted spots . 
 door dings drove him insane . 
 something was up . 
 i knew he was worried over upcoming midterms , especially pre-cal . 
 his fraternity was hosting a mixer the next night , too , which was plain stupid the weekend before midterms . 
 i swiped us into the building and we entered the back stairwell that always creeped me out when i was alone . 
 with kennedy behind me , all i noticed was dingy , gum-adorned walls and the stale , almost sour smell . 
 i jogged up the last flight and we emerged into the hallway . 
 glancing back at him while unlocking my door , i shook my head over the charming portrayal of a penis someone had doodled onto the whiteboard erin and i used for notes to each other and from our suitemates . 
 coed dorms were less mature than depicted on college websites . 
 sometimes it was like living with a bunch of twelve year olds . 
 `` you could call in sick tomorrow night , you know . '' 
 i laid a palm on his arm . 
 `` stay here with me-we 'll hide out and spend the weekend studying and ordering take-out ... and other stress-reducing activities ... '' i grinned naughtily . 
 he stared at his shoes . 
 my heart sped up and i suddenly felt warm all over . 
 something was definitely wrong . 
 i wanted him to spit it out , whatever it was , because my mind was conjuring nothing but alarming possibilities . 
 it had been so long since we 'd had a problem or a real conflict that i felt blindsided . 
 he moved into my room and sat on my desk chair , not my bed . 
 i walked up to him , our knees bumping , wanting him to tell me he was just in a bad mood , or worried about his upcoming exams . 
 my heart thudding heavily , i put a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` kennedy ? '' 
 `` jackie , we need to talk . '' 
 the drumming pulse in my ears grew louder , and my hand dropped from his shoulder . 
 i grabbed it up in my other hand and sat on the bed , three feet from him . 
 my mouth was so dry i could n't swallow , let alone speak . 
 he was silent , avoiding my eyes for a couple of minutes that felt like forever . 
 finally , he lifted his gaze to me . 
 he looked sad . 
 oh , god . 
 ohgodohgodohgod . 
 `` i 've been having some ... trouble ... lately . 
 with other girls . '' 
 i blinked , glad i was sitting down . 
 my legs would have buckled and sent me to the floor if i 'd have been standing . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i croaked out . 
 `` what do you mean , ` trouble ' and ` other girls ' ? '' 
 he sighed heavily . 
 `` not like that , not really . 
 i mean , i have n't done anything . '' 
 he looked away and sighed again . 
 `` but i think i want to . '' 
 the hell ? 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 my mind worked frantically to make the best possible situation out of this , but every single remotely-possible alternative sucked . 
 he got up and paced the room twice before planting himself halfway between the door and me . 
 `` you know how important it is to me to pursue a career in law and politics . '' 
 i nodded , still stunned to silence and pedaling hard to keep up . 
 `` you know our sister sorority ? '' 
 i nodded again , acknowledging the very thing i 'd worried about when he moved into the frat house . 
 apparently , i had n't worried enough . 
 `` there 's a girl-a couple of girls , actually , that ... well . '' 
 i tried to keep my voice rational and level . 
 `` kennedy , this does n't make sense . 
 you are n't saying you 've acted on this , or that you want to - '' he stared into my eyes , so there 'd be no mistake . 
 `` i want to . '' 
 really , he could have just punched me in the stomach , because my brain refused to comprehend the words he was saying . 
 a physical assault , it might have understood . 
 `` you want to ? 
 what the hell do you mean , you want to ? '' 
 he bolted out of the chair , walked to the door and back-a distance of a dozen feet . 
 `` what do you think i mean ? 
 jesus . 
 do n't make me say it . '' 
 i gaped . 
 `` why not ? 
 why not say it-if you can imagine doing it-then why the f ** k not say it ? 
 and what does this have to do with your career plans - '' `` i was getting to that . 
 look , everyone knows that one of the worst things a political candidate or elected representative can do is to become embroiled in some sexual scandal . '' 
 his eyes locked on mine in what i recognized as his debate-face . 
 `` i 'm only human , jackie , and if i have these desires to sow my wild oats or whatever and i repress it , i 'll probably have the same desire later , even worse . 
 but acting on it then would be a career-killer . '' 
 he spread his hands helplessly . 
 `` i have no choice but to get it out of my system while i can do it without annihilating my future professional standing . '' 
 i told myself , this is n't happening . 
 my boyfriend of three years was not breaking up with me so he could bang coeds with shameless abandon . 
 i blinked hard and tried to take a deep breath , but i could n't . 
 there was no oxygen in the room . 
 i glared at him , silent . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` okay , so i guess trying to let you down easy was a bad idea - '' `` this is your idea of letting me down easy ? 
 breaking up with me so you can screw other girls ? 
 without feeling guilty ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` as a heart attack . '' 
 the last thing i thought before i picked up my econ textbook and hurled it at him : how can he use such a piece-of-shit cliche in a moment like this ? 
 chapter 2 erin 's voice woke me . 
 `` jacqueline wallace , get your ass out of that bed and go save your gpa . 
 for chrissake , if i 'd let a guy throw off my academic mojo like this , i 'd never hear the end of it . '' 
 i made a dismissive sound from under the comforter before peeking out at her . 
 `` what academic mojo ? '' 
 her hands on her hips , she was wrapped in a towel , fresh from a shower . 
 `` ha . 
 ha . 
 very funny . 
 get up . '' 
 i sniffed , but did n't budge . 
 `` i 'm doing fine in all of my other classes . 
 ca n't i just fail this one ? '' 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 `` are you even listening to yourself ? '' 
 i was listening to myself . 
 and i was every bit as disgusted with my cowardly sentiments as erin-if not more so . 
 but the thought of sitting next to kennedy for an hour-long class three days a week was unbearable . 
 i could n't be sure what his newfound single status would mean in terms of open flirtations or hookups , but whatever it meant , i did n't want to stare it in the face . 
 imagining the details was bad enough . 
 if only i had n't pressed him to take a class with me this semester . 
 when we registered for fall classes , he questioned why i wanted to take economics-not a required course for my music education degree . 
 i wondered if he had sensed , even then , that this was where we 'd end up . 
 or if he 'd known . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you can and you will . '' 
 she ripped the comforter off . 
 `` now get up and get in that shower . 
 i have to get to french on time or monsieur bidot will question me mercilessly in passe compose . 
 i can barely do past tense in english . 
 god knows i ca n't do it en francais at ass o'clock in the morning . '' 
 i arrived outside the classroom at straight-up 9:00 , knowing that kennedy , habitually punctual , would already be there . 
 the classroom was large and sloped . 
 slipping through the back door , i spotted him , sixth row center . 
 the seat to his right was empty-my seat . 
 dr. heller had passed around a seating chart the second week of class , and he used it to take attendance and give credit for class participation . 
 i would have to talk with him after class , because there was no way i was sitting there again . 
 my eyes scanned the back rows . 
 there were two empty seats . 
 one was three rows down between a guy leaning on his hand , mostly asleep , and a girl drinking a venti something and chattering nonstop to her neighbor . 
 the other open seat was on the back row , next to a guy who appeared to be doodling something into the margin of his textbook . 
 i turned in that direction at the same time the professor entered a side door below , and the artist raised his head to scan the front of the classroom . 
 i froze , recognizing my savior from two nights ago . 
 if i could 've moved , i would have turned and fled the classroom . 
 the attack came flooding back . 
 the helplessness . 
 the terror . 
 the humiliation . 
 i 'd curled into a ball on my bed and cried all night , thankful for erin 's text that she was staying with chaz . 
 i had n't told her what buck had done-partly because i knew she 'd feel responsible for making me go , and for letting me leave alone . 
 partly because i wanted to forget it had happened at all . 
 `` if everyone will be seated , we 'll begin . '' 
 the professor 's statement shook me from my stupor-i was the only student standing . 
 i bolted to the empty chair between the chatty girl and the sleepy guy . 
 she glanced at me , never pausing in her weekend confession of how trashed she 'd been and where and with whom . 
 the guy unsquinted his eyes just enough to notice when i slid into the bolted-down chair between them , but he did n't otherwise move . 
 `` is this seat taken ? '' 
 i whispered to him . 
 he shook his head and mumbled , `` it was . 
 but she dropped . 
 or stopped coming . 
 whatever . '' 
 i pulled a spiral from my bag , relieved . 
 i tried not to look at kennedy , but the angled seating made that effort challenging . 
 his perfectly styled dirty blond hair and the familiar uncreased button-down shirt drew my eyes every time he moved . 
 i knew the effect of that green plaid next to his striking green eyes . 
 i 'd known him since ninth grade . 
 i 'd watched him alter his style from a boy who wore mesh shorts and sneakers every day to the guy who sent his fitted shirts out to be pressed , kept his shoes scuff-free , and always looked as though he 'd just stepped from the cover of a magazine . 
 i 'd seen more than one teacher turn her head as he passed before snapping her gaze away from his perfect , off-limits body . 
 junior year , we had pre-ap english together . 
 he focused on me from the first day of class , flashing his dimpled smile in my direction before taking his seat , inviting me to join his study group , inquiring about my weekend plans-and finally making himself a part of them . 
 i 'd never been so confidently pursued . 
 as our class president , he was familiar to everyone , and he made a concerted effort to become familiar with everyone . 
 as an athlete , he was a credit to the baseball team . 
 as a student , his academic standing was in the top ten percent . 
 as a member of the debate team , he was known for conclusive arguments and an unbeaten record . 
 as a boyfriend , he was patient and attentive , never pushing me too far or too fast . 
 never forgetting a birthday or an anniversary . 
 never making me doubt his intentions for us . 
 once we were official , he changed my name-and everyone followed suit , including me . 
 `` you 're my jackie , '' he told me , referencing the wife of jack kennedy , his namesake and personal idol . 
 he was n't related . 
 his parents were just weirdly political-and also at odds with each other . 
 he had a sister named reagan and a brother named carter . 
 three years had passed since i 'd gone by jacqueline , and i fought daily to regain that one original part of myself that i 'd put aside for him . 
 it was n't the only thing i 'd given up , or the most important . 
 it was just the only one i could get back . 
 *** between trying to avoid staring at kennedy for fifty minutes straight and having skipped the class for two weeks , my brain was sluggish and uncooperative . 
 when class ended , i realized i 'd absorbed little of the lecture . 
 i followed dr. heller to his office , running through various appeals in my head to induce him to give me a chance to catch up . 
 until that moment , i had n't cared that i was failing . 
 now that the possibility had become a probability , i was terrified . 
 i had never failed a class . 
 what would i tell my parents and my advisor ? 
 this f would be on my transcript for the rest of my life . 
 `` all right , ms. wallace . '' 
 dr. heller removed a textbook and a stack of disorderly notes from his battered attache and moved around his office as though i was n't standing there . 
 `` state your case . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` my case ? '' 
 tiredly , he peered at me over his glasses . 
 `` you 've missed two straight weeks of class-including the midterm , and you missed today . 
 i assume you 're standing here in my office in order to make some sort of case for why you should not fail macroeconomics . 
 i 'm waiting with bated breath for that explanation . '' 
 he sighed , shelving the textbook . 
 `` i always think i 've heard them all , but i 've been known to be surprised . 
 so go ahead . 
 i do n't have all day , and i presume you do n't , either . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i was in class today . 
 i just sat in a different seat . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'll take your word for that , since you approached me at the end of the lecture . 
 that 's one day of participation back in your favor-amounting to about a quarter of a grade point . 
 you still have six missed class days and a zero on a major exam . '' 
 oh , god . 
 as if a plug had been pulled , the jumbled excuses and realizations came pouring out . 
 `` my boyfriend broke up with me , and he 's in the class , and i ca n't stand to see him , let alone sit next to him ... oh my god , i missed the midterm . 
 i 'm going to fail . 
 i 've never failed a class in my life . '' 
 as if that speech was n't mortifying enough , my eyes watered and spilled over . 
 i bit my lip to keep from sobbing outright , staring at his desk , unable to meet the repulsed expression i imagined him wearing . 
 i heard his sigh in the same moment a tissue appeared in my line of vision . 
 `` it 's your lucky day , ms. wallace . '' 
 i took the tissue and pressed it to my wet cheeks , eyeing him cautiously . 
 `` as it happens , i have a daughter just a bit younger than you . 
 she recently endured a nasty little breakup . 
 my whip-smart , straight-a student turned into an emotional wreck who did nothing but cry , sleep , and cry some more-for about two weeks . 
 and then she came to her senses and decided that no boy was going to ruin her scholastic record . 
 for the sake of my daughter , i 'll give you one chance . 
 one . 
 if you blow it , you will receive the grade you 've earned at the end of the semester . 
 do we understand each other ? '' 
 i nodded , more tears spilling . 
 `` good . '' 
 my professor shifted uncomfortably and handed me another tissue . 
 `` oh , for pete 's sake-as i told my daughter , there 's not a boy on the planet worth this amount of angst . 
 i know ; i used to be one . '' 
 he scribbled on a slip of paper and handed it to me . 
 `` here 's the email address of my class tutor , landon maxfield . 
 if you are n't familiar with his supplemental instruction sessions , i suggest you get familiar with them . 
 you 'll no doubt need some one-on-one tutoring as well . 
 he was an excellent student in my class two years ago , and he 's been tutoring for me since then . 
 i 'll give him the details of the project i expect you to do to replace the midterm grade . '' 
 another sob escaped me when i thanked him , and i thought he might explode from discomfort . 
 `` well , well , yes , of course , you 're welcome . '' 
 he pulled out the seating chart . 
 `` show me where you 'll be sitting from now on , so you can earn those quarter-points for attendance . '' 
 i pointed to my new seat , and he wrote my name in the square . 
 i had my shot . 
 all i had to do was get in touch with this landon person and turn in a project . 
 how hard could it be ? 
 *** the starbucks line in the student union was ridiculously long , but it was raining and i was n't in the mood to get soaked crossing the street to the indie coffee shop just off-campus to get my fix before my afternoon class . 
 in unrelated reasoning , that was also where kennedy was most likely to be ; we went there almost daily after lunch . 
 on principle , he tended to shun `` corporate monstrosities '' like starbucks , even if the coffee was better . 
 `` there 's no way i 'm making it across campus on time if i wait in this line . '' 
 erin growled her annoyance , leaning to check out how many people were ahead of us . 
 `` nine people . 
 nine ! 
 and five waiting for drinks ! 
 who the hell are all of these people ? '' 
 the guy in front of us glanced over his shoulder with a scowl . 
 she scowled back at him and i pressed my lips together to keep from laughing . 
 `` caffeine addicts like us ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` ugh , '' she huffed and then grabbed my arm . 
 `` i almost forgot-did you hear what happened to buck saturday night ? '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 the night i just wanted to forget would n't leave me alone . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he got jumped in the parking lot behind the house . 
 a couple of guys wanted his wallet . 
 probably homeless people , he said-that 's what we get with a campus right in the middle of a big city . 
 they did n't get anything , the bastards , but damn , buck 's face is busted up . '' 
 she leaned closer . 
 `` he actually looks a little hotter like that . 
 rowr , if you know what i mean . '' 
 i felt ill , standing there mute and feigning interest instead of refuting buck 's explanation of the events leading to his pummeled face . 
 `` well , crap . 
 i 'm gon na have to chug a rockstar to keep from zoning out during poly-sci . 
 i ca n't be late-we 've got a quiz . 
 i 'll see you after work . '' 
 she gave me a quick hug and scurried off . 
 i scooted forward with the line , my mind going over saturday night for the thousandth time . 
 i could n't shake how vulnerable i felt , still . 
 i 'd never been blind to the fact that guys are stronger . 
 kennedy had scooped me into his arms more times than i could count , one time tossing me over his shoulder and running up a flight of stairs as i clung to his back , upside down and laughing . 
 he 'd easily opened jars i could n't open , moved furniture i could hardly budge . 
 his superior strength had been evident when he 'd braced himself above me , biceps hard under my hands . 
 two weeks ago , he 'd torn out my heart , and i 'd never felt so hurt , so empty . 
 but he 'd never used his physical strength against me . 
 no , that was all buck . 
 buck , a campus hottie who did n't have a problem getting girls . 
 a guy who 'd never given any indication that he could or would hurt me , or that he was aware of me at all , except as kennedy 's girlfriend . 
 i could blame the alcohol ... but no . 
 alcohol removes inhibitions . 
 it does n't trigger criminal violence where there was none before . 
 `` next . '' 
 i shook off my reverie and looked across the counter , prepared to give my usual order , and there stood the guy from saturday night . 
 the guy i 'd avoided sitting next to this morning in economics . 
 my mouth hung open but nothing came out . 
 and just like this morning , saturday night came flooding back . 
 my face heated , remembering the position i 'd been in , what he must have witnessed before he 'd intervened , how foolish he must consider me . 
 but then , he 'd said it was n't my fault . 
 and he 'd called me by my name . 
 the name i no longer used , as of sixteen days ago . 
 my split-second wish that he would n't recall who i was went ungranted . 
 i returned his penetrating gaze and could see he remembered all of it , clearly . 
 every mortifying bit . 
 my face burned . 
 `` are you ready to order ? '' 
 his question pulled me from my disorientation . 
 his voice was calm , but i felt the exasperation of the restless customers behind me . 
 `` grande caffe americano . 
 please . '' 
 my words were so mumbled that i half expected him to ask me to repeat myself . 
 but he marked the cup , which was when i noted the two or three layers of thin white gauze wrapped around his knuckles . 
 he passed the cup to the barista and rang up the drink as i handed over my card . 
 `` doing okay today ? '' 
 he asked , his words so seemingly casual , yet so full of meaning between us . 
 he swiped my card and handed it back with the receipt . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 the knuckles of his left hand were scuffed but not severely abraded . 
 as i took the card and receipt , his fingers grazed over mine . 
 i snatched my hand away . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his eyes widened , but he said nothing else . 
 `` i 'll have a venti caramel macchiato-skinny , no whip . '' 
 the impatient girl behind me gave her order over my shoulder , not touching me , but pressing too far into my personal space for comfort . 
 his jaw tensed almost imperceptibly when he shifted his gaze to her . 
 marking the cup , he gave her the total in clipped tones , his eyes flicking to me once more as i stepped away . 
 i do n't know if he looked at me after that . 
 i waited for my coffee at the other end of the bar , and hurried away without adding my usual dribble of milk and three packets of sugar . 
 economics was a survey course , and as such the roster was huge-probably two hundred students . 
 i could avoid eye contact with two boys in the midst of that many people for the remaining six weeks of fall semester , could n't i ? 
 chapter 3 i dutifully emailed the econ tutor when i got back to the dorm after class , and started on my art history homework . 
 while tapping out a response essay on a neoclassical sculptor and his influence on the style , i mumbled a thank you to my inner neurotic that i 'd at least kept up in my non-econ classes . 
 with erin at work , i could buckle down to an evening of quiet studying . 
 here in our microscopic room , she could n't help being a near-constant distraction . 
 while i attempted to cram for an algebra test last week , the following conversation took place : `` i had to have those pumps for my job , daddy ! '' 
 she argued into her cell . 
 `` you said you wanted me to learn the value of work while i 'm in school , and you always say a person should dress for success , so i 'm only trying to follow your words of wisdom . '' 
 when she glanced at me , i rolled my eyes . 
 my roommate was a hostess at a swanky restaurant downtown , a position she frequently used as an excuse for overspending her clothing budget . 
 three hundred dollar shoes , essential for a job that paid nine bucks an hour ? 
 i stifled my laugh when she winked back at me . 
 her father always caved , especially when she employed the d-word-daddy . 
 i was n't expecting a quick reply from landon maxfield . 
 as an upperclassman and a tutor for a huge class like dr. heller 's , he had to be busy . 
 i was also certain he 'd be none too thrilled to assist a failing sophomore who 'd skipped the midterm and two weeks of class , and who had never attended one of his tutoring sessions . 
 i was prepared to show him i would work hard to catch up and get out of his hair as quickly as possible . 
 fifteen minutes after i emailed him , my inbox dinged . 
 he 'd replied , in the same formal tone i 'd chosen after switching back and forth between using his first or last name in the address , finally deciding on mr. maxfield . 
 ms. wallace , dr. heller has informed me of your need to catch up in macro and the project you 'll need to complete in order to replace the midterm grade . 
 since he 's approved you to do this work , there 's no need to share the reason why you 've fallen so far behind with me . 
 i 'm employed as a tutor , so this falls under my job description . 
 we can meet on campus , preferably in the library , to discuss the project . 
 it 's detailed , and will require a great deal of outside research on your part . 
 i 've been instructed by dr. heller as to the level of assistance i should provide . 
 basically , he wants to see what you can do , alone . 
 i 'll be available for general questions , of course . 
 my group tutoring sessions are mwth from 1-2 :00 , but those cover current material . 
 i assume you 'll need more assistance comprehending the material you missed over the past two weeks . 
 let me know the times you 're available to meet for individual tutoring sessions and we 'll coordinate from there . 
 lm i clenched my jaw . 
 though perfectly polite , the tone of his email reeked of condescension ... until his signature at the very end : lm . 
 was he being friendly , or casual , or ridiculing my attempt to sound like a serious , mature student ? 
 i 'd alluded to the breakup in my email , hoping he would n't want or ask for details . 
 now i felt as though he 'd not only eschewed learning the particulars , but he thought less of me for letting a relationship crisis affect my academic life . 
 i read his email again and got even madder . 
 so he thought i was too dumb to comprehend the course material on my own ? 
 mr. maxfield , i ca n't attend your sessions because i have art history mw 1-2 :30 , and i tutor at the middle school on thursday afternoons . 
 i live on campus and am available to meet late afternoons monday/wednesday , and most evenings . 
 i 'm also free on weekends when i 'm not tutoring . 
 i 've begun reading the course material on gdp , cpi , and inflation , and i 'm working on the review questions at the end of chapter 9 . 
 if you want to meet to pass on the project requirements , i 'm sure i can catch up on the regular coursework on my own . 
 jacqueline i pressed send and felt superior for all of about twenty seconds . 
 in actuality , i 'd barely glanced at chapter 9 . 
 so far , it looked less like comprehensible supply and demand charts , and more like gibberish with dollar signs and confusing shifts tossed in for fun . 
 as for gdp and cpi , i knew what those acronyms signified ... sort of . 
 oh , god . 
 i 'd just haughtily dismissed the tutor provided by my professor-the professor who was n't obligated to give me a second chance , but had . 
 when my email dinged again , i swallowed before clicking over to it . 
 a new message from landon maxfield was at the top of my inbox . 
 jacqueline , if you prefer to catch up on your own , that 's your prerogative , of course . 
 i 'll gather the information on the project and we can meet , say , wednesday just after 2:00 ? 
 lm ps what do you tutor ? 
 his reply did n't seem angry . 
 he was civil . 
 nice , even . 
 i was so emotional lately that i could n't judge anything clearly . 
 landon , i teach private lessons to orchestra students-middle and high school-on the upright bass . 
 i just remembered i agreed to assist in transporting two of my students ' instruments to a program this wednesday afternoon . 
 -lrb- i drive a truck , to accommodate transport of my own instrument , and now i 'm constantly inundated with requests to move large musical instruments , sofas , mattresses ... -rrb- are you free any evening ? 
 or saturday ? 
 jw i 'd been playing the upright bass since i was ten . 
 in fourth grade , one of the orchestra 's two bass players had a pee wee football collision the second weekend of school , resulting in a snapped collarbone . 
 our orchestra teacher , mrs. peabody , had looked out over the vast sea of violin players and pleaded for someone to switch . 
 `` anyone ? '' 
 she 'd squeaked . 
 when no one else volunteered , i raised my hand . 
 even the half-sized instrument dwarfed me back then ; i 'd needed a step-stool to play it , a fact that had provided my orchestra classmates with endless amusement . 
 the ridicule did n't stop at school . 
 `` honey , is n't that an odd choice of instrument for a girl to play ? '' 
 my mother asked . 
 still petulant over my rejection of learning piano-her instrument of choice-in favor of the violin , she was immediately unsupportive of my new preference . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i glared at my mother and she rolled her eyes . 
 she 'd never lost her disdain of the instrument i came to love to play for the way it grounded and directed the rest of the orchestra . 
 i also loved the disbelief on the faces of fellow contestants at regional competitions , their surety that i was n't as good as they were because of my gender-and the way i proved that i was better . 
 by the time i was fifteen , i 'd reached my full five-and-a-half-foot stature and could perform with a three-quarter sized instrument , no height adjustment needed , though it was a close thing . 
 for the past year , i 'd been giving lessons to local students-all of them boys-each of them some version of smug and impertinent until they heard me play . 
 jacqueline , upright bass ? 
 interesting . 
 i 'm busy in the evenings this week , and most weekends as well . 
 i do n't want you to lose time on this , so i 'll send you the project information later tonight , and we can discuss it over email until we can sync our schedules . 
 will that work for you ? 
 lm ps - i 'll keep you in mind if i buy a large appliance or need to move . 
 landon , thank you , yes-that would be great . 
 -lrb- re : sending the project information , i mean , not your brazen resolution to use me for my truck 's hauling capacity . 
 you 're no better than my friends ! 
 they dodge u-haul rentals and delivery fees , and i get paid in beer . -rrb- 
 jw jacqueline , i 'll send the project specifics when i get home , and we can discuss . 
 the barter system is just primitive economics at work , you know . 
 -lrb- and are you old enough for beer ? -rrb- 
 lm landon , far be it from me to knock an effective use of prehistoric economics . 
 and i suppose friends who pay in beer are better than friends who do n't pay at all . 
 -lrb- re : my age-i do n't believe the job description of economics tutor makes you privy to that sort of personal information . -rrb- 
 jw jacqueline , touche . 
 i 'll just have to trust you not to get me arrested for supplying alcohol to minors . 
 you 're right-impoverished , auto-lacking college students like myself should respect tried-and-true methods of transport negotiations . 
 lm i smiled at his candid admission of being carless , my face falling when i contrasted it with the sense of self-importance kennedy got from his car . 
 right before we graduated , his parents gave his two-year-old mustang to his sixteen-year-old brother , who 'd wrecked his jeep the weekend before . 
 as an early graduation gift , they replaced kennedy 's mustang with the brand new bmw-sleek and black , with every available upgrade , including plush leather seats and a stereo system i could hear from a block away . 
 dammit . 
 i had to stop linking every single thing that happened to me with kennedy . 
 realization dawned then , that he was still my default . 
 over the past three years , we 'd become each other 's habit . 
 and though he 'd broken his habit of me when he walked away , i 'd not broken my habit of him . 
 i was still tethering him to my present , to my future . 
 the truth was , he now belonged only to my past , and it was time i began to accept it , as much as it hurt to do so . 
 *** as soon as we hit campus freshman year , kennedy had pledged his father 's fraternity . 
 despite my boyfriend 's need for cliquish affiliation , i 'd never shared that aspiration . 
 he did n't seem to mind when i said i preferred not to rush any sororities , as long as i supported his future-politician need for brotherhood . 
 he told me once he sort of liked that i was a gdi girlfriend . 
 `` a gdi ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 he 'd laughed and said , `` it means you 're goddamned independent . '' 
 when he walked out of my room almost three weeks ago , it had n't occurred to me that he was taking my carefully cultivated social circle with him . 
 minus my relationship with kennedy , i had no automatic invitation to greek parties or events , though chaz and erin could invite me to some stuff since i fell under the heading of acceptable things to bring to any party : alcohol and girls . 
 awesome . 
 i 'd gone from an independent girlfriend to party paraphernalia . 
 running into clusters of my former friends was uncomfortable at best . 
 just outside the main library , tables of frat boys sold coffee , juice and pastries every morning for a week to raise money for leadership training . 
 armed with portable grills , tri-delts camped out in tents on their lawn to showcase the plight of the homeless . 
 -lrb- i suggested to erin that most homeless people are unlikely to own portable coleman grills and rei camping gear , and she snorted and said , `` yeah , i pointed that out . 
 my warning fell on deaf ears . '' -rrb- 
 i could n't leave my dorm and walk in any direction without passing people with whom i 'd had uncomplicated relationships just days before . 
 now their eyes shifted away when i walked by , though some still smiled or waved before pretending to be deep in conversation with someone else . 
 even fewer called out , `` hi , jackie . '' 
 i did n't tell them i was no longer using that name . 
 at first , erin insisted that the snubs were in my head , but after two weeks , she reluctantly concurred . 
 `` people feel the need to choose sides when a relationship splits-it 's human nature , '' she said , her second-year psych classes kicking in . 
 `` still . 
 cowards . '' 
 i appreciated that she was willing to ignore her detached analysis in support of me . 
 it did n't surprise me that practically everyone chose kennedy . 
 he was one of them , after all . 
 he was the outgoing , charming , future world leader . 
 i was the quiet , cute but somewhat odd girlfriend ... after the breakup , i became just a non-greek undergrad-to everyone but erin . 
 tuesday , we passed the reigning campus power-couple-katie was president of erin 's sorority and d.j. was vice president of kennedy 's fraternity . 
 `` hi , erin ! 
 great outfit , '' katie said , as though i was n't there . 
 d.j. tipped his chin and smiled at erin , his eyes flicking over me , but he did n't acknowledge my existence any more than his girlfriend had . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 erin responded . 
 `` fuckheads , '' she muttered right after , linking her arm through mine . 
 when i 'd moved into my dorm room over a year ago , i 'd been horrified to find myself with a roommate who embodied the sorority girl stereotype . 
 erin had already claimed the bed nearest the window . 
 above her headboard , she 'd fastened shiny blue and gold high school pom-poms to a huge cutout spelling `` erin '' which was coated in gold glitter . 
 surrounding the giant gilded letters were posters covered in photos of cheerleader events and homecomings with hulking football players . 
 as i stood gaping at her light-reflective side of our tiny room , she 'd bounced through the door . 
 `` oh , hi ! 
 you must be jacqueline ! 
 i 'm erin ! '' 
 diplomatically , i had n't voiced the no shit comment that popped into my head . 
 `` since you were n't here , i chose a bed-i hope you do n't mind ! 
 i 'm almost done unpacking , so i can help you . '' 
 wearing a university t-shirt that almost exactly matched her upswept coppery hair , she picked up my heaviest bag and swung it onto the bed . 
 `` i attached a whiteboard to the door so we can leave messages to each other-my mom 's idea , actually , but it sounded like a usable suggestion , do n't you think ? '' 
 i blinked at her , mumbling , `` uh-huh , '' as she unzipped my bag and started removing the belongings i 'd brought from home . 
 there had to be some mistake . 
 i 'd filled out a lengthy roommate attribute preference sheet , and this girl appeared to have not one of those desired qualities . 
 i 'd basically described myself : a quiet , studious bookworm who would go to bed at a decent hour . 
 a non-partier who would n't bring a parade of boys through our room , or make it the floor headquarters for beer pong . 
 `` it 's jackie , actually , '' i 'd said to her . 
 `` jackie-so cute ! 
 i do like jacqueline , though , i have to admit . 
 so classy . 
 you 're lucky , you can choose ! 
 i 'm sort of stuck with erin . 
 good thing i like it , huh ? 
 okay , jackie , where should we hang this poster of-who is this ? '' 
 i 'd glanced at the poster in her hands-the likeness of one of my favorite singers , who also played the upright bass . 
 `` esperanza spalding . '' 
 `` never heard of her . 
 but she 's cute ! '' 
 she 'd grabbed a handful of tacks and hopped up on my bed to press the poster against the wall . 
 `` how ` bout here ? '' 
 erin and i had come a long way in fifteen months . 
 chapter 4 arriving a minute before econ began wednesday morning , the last thing i expected to see was kennedy , leaning on the wall outside the classroom , exchanging phone numbers with a zeta pledge . 
 giggling after snapping a picture of herself , she handed his phone back . 
 he did the same , grinning down at her . 
 he would never smile at me like that again . 
 i did n't realize i was frozen in place until a classmate shouldered into me , knocking my heavy backpack from my shoulder . '' 
 ` scuse me , '' he grumbled , his tone more get out of the way than sorry i ran into you . 
 as i bent to retrieve my backpack , praying kennedy and his fangirl had n't seen me , a hand grasped the strap and swung the pack up from the floor . 
 i straightened and looked into clear gray-blue eyes . 
 `` chivalry is n't really dead , you know . '' 
 his deep , calm voice was just as i remembered from saturday night , and from monday afternoon , across the starbucks counter . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he slipped the strap back onto my shoulder . 
 `` nah . 
 that guy 's just an a ** hole . '' 
 he gestured toward the guy who 'd bumped me , but i could have sworn his eyes raked over my ex , too , who was crossing to the door , laughing with the girl . 
 her bright orange sweatpants said zeta across the rear . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 for the third time , this question , from him , held deeper significance than the usual , everyday implication . 
 `` yes , fine . '' 
 what could i do but lie ? 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i turned and entered the room , took my new seat , and spent the first forty-five minutes of class fixing my attention on dr. heller , the whiteboard he filled , and the notes i took . 
 dutifully copying charts of short-run equilibrium and aggregate demand , all of it seeming like so much nonsense , i realized i would have to beg landon maxfield for help after all . 
 my pride would only cause me to slide further behind . 
 minutes before the end of class , i turned and reached into my backpack as an excuse to sneak a look at the guy on the back row . 
 he was staring at me , a black pencil loose between his fingers , tapping the notebook in front of him . 
 he slouched into his seat , one elbow over the back of it , one booted foot casually propped on the support under his desk . 
 as our eyes held , his expression changed subtly from unreadable to the barest of smiles , though guarded . 
 he did n't look away , even when i glanced into my bag and then back at him . 
 i snapped forward , my face warming . 
 guys had shown interest in me over the past three years , but other than a couple of short-lived , certainly never revealed or acted-upon crushes-one on my own college-aged bass tutor , and another on my chemistry lab partner-i 'd not been attracted to anyone but kennedy . 
 the economics lecture reduced to background babble , i could n't decide if my response to this stranger was lingering embarrassment , gratitude that he 'd saved me from buck , or a simple crush . 
 perhaps all three . 
 when class ended , i packed my textbook into my backpack and resisted the urge to look in his direction again . 
 i fiddled long enough for kennedy and his fangirl to leave . 
 as i stood to go , the persistently sleepy guy who sat next to me spoke . 
 `` hey , which questions did he say to do for the extra credit ? 
 i must have knocked off for a few seconds right around when he discussed those-my notes are indecipherable . '' 
 i glanced at the spot he indicated in his notes , and sure enough , the scribbles became less and less readable . 
 `` i 'm benji , by the way . '' 
 `` oh , um , let 's see ... '' i flipped through my spiral and pointed to the assignment details printed across the top of the page . 
 `` here it is . '' 
 as he copied it , i added , `` i 'm jacqueline . '' 
 benji was one of those guys to whom adolescence had n't been kind . 
 a scattering of acne dotted his forehead . 
 his hair was overgrown and curly-a skilled stylist could tame it , but he was probably a fan of the eight-dollar place featuring flatscreens of nonstop espn . 
 given his doughy midsection , i doubted he spent much time in the university 's state-of-the-art gym . 
 the t-shirt stretched across his belly gave some sort of `` bro '' instruction best left unread . 
 expressive hazel eyes and an engaging smile that crinkled them adorably were his saving grace in the looks department . 
 `` thanks , jacqueline . 
 this saves my ass-i need those extra credit points . 
 see you friday . '' 
 he snapped his notebook closed . 
 `` unless i accidentally sleep in , '' he added , giving me a genuine smile . 
 i returned the smile as i moved into the aisle . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 maybe i was capable of making friends outside of my kennedy circle . 
 this interaction , along with the defection of most of our friends to kennedy after the breakup , made me realize how dependent on him i 'd become . 
 i was a little shocked . 
 why had this never occurred to me before ? 
 because i 'd never thought kennedy and i could end ? 
 foolish , naive assumption . 
 obviously . 
 *** the room had almost cleared , the guy from the back row included . 
 i felt a stab of irrational disappointment . 
 so he 'd stared at me in class-big deal . 
 maybe he was just bored . 
 or easily distracted . 
 but as i exited the room , i spotted him across the crowded hallway , talking with a girl from class . 
 his demeanor was relaxed , from the navy shirt , open over a plain gray t-shirt , to the hand tucked into the front pocket of his jeans . 
 muscle did n't show under the unbuttoned long-sleeved shirt , but his abdomen looked flat , and he 'd put buck on the ground and bloody easily enough saturday night . 
 his black pencil sat atop one ear , only the pink eraser at the tip showing , the rest disappearing into his dark , messy hair . 
 `` so it 's a group tutoring thing ? '' 
 the girl asked , twirling a long loop of blonde hair around and around her finger . 
 `` and it lasts an hour ? '' 
 he hitched his backpack , twitching wayward bangs out of his eyes . 
 `` yeah . 
 from one to two . '' 
 as he gazed down at her , she tilted her head and rocked her weight slightly from side to side , as though she was about to dance with him . 
 or for him . 
 `` maybe i 'll check it out . 
 what are you doing after ? '' 
 `` work . '' 
 she huffed an annoyed breath . 
 `` you 're always working , lucas . '' 
 her pouty tone hit my ears like nails on a chalkboard , as it always has when used by any girl above age six . 
 but bonus-i 'd just learned his name . 
 he glanced up then , as though he sensed me standing there , eavesdropping , and i pivoted in the opposite direction and started walking swiftly , too late to pretend i had n't been purposely listening to their conversation . 
 i wove through the rush of people in the packed hallway , ducking out the side exit . 
 no way was i going to those tutoring sessions if lucas attended them . 
 i was n't sure what he meant-if he meant anything at all-staring at me like that during class , but the overt intensity of his gaze made me uneasy . 
 besides , i was still in a mourning period over my recently-shattered relationship . 
 i was n't ready to start anything new . 
 not that he was interested in me that way . 
 i all but rolled my eyes at my own thought processes . 
 i 'd gone from a marginal amount of interest to a possible relationship in one jump . 
 from a purely observational perspective , he was probably used to girls like the blonde in the hallway throwing themselves at his feet . 
 just like my ex . 
 kennedy 's titles of class and then student body president equated to small-time celebrity status , and he 'd relished it . 
 i 'd spent the last two years of high school ignoring the envious girls who dogged our relationship , just waiting for him to be finished with me . 
 by the time we 'd left town for college , i was so sure of him . 
 i wondered when i would stop feeling like such a clueless twit for that misplaced trust . 
 *** landon , i 'm having more trouble with the current material than i let on , but i 'm not sure if i 'll ever be able to make it to one of your tutoring sessions . 
 too bad for both of us that my ex did n't dump me early enough in the semester to drop this class ! 
 -lrb- no offense . 
 you 're probably an econ major and like this stuff . -rrb- 
 i 've started researching online journals for the project . 
 thanks for decoding dr. heller 's notes before sending them to me . 
 if you 'd have forwarded them without a translation , i 'd be searching for a tall building / overpass / water tower from which to yell `` goodbye cruel world . '' 
 jw jacqueline , please , no leaping from towering structures . 
 do you have any idea how much damage that would do to my tutoring reputation ?? 
 if nothing else , think of the effect on me . 
 ; -rrb- i create worksheets for the tutoring sessions . 
 i 've attached the past three weeks ' worth . 
 use them as study guides , or fill them in and send them back to me , and we 'll see where you 're getting confused . 
 actually , i 'm an engineering major , but we have to take econ . 
 i think everyone should , though - it 's a good starting point for explaining how money , politics and commerce work together to create the total chaos that is our economic system . 
 lm ps - how did the regional competitions go ? 
 and btw , your ex is obviously a moron . 
 i downloaded the worksheets , turning over his last statement in my mind . 
 whether landon knew kennedy or not-unlikely , given the size of the university and their differing majors-he 'd taken my side . 
 me , a girl so absurdly unhinged by a breakup that she 'd skipped class for two weeks . 
 he was smart and funny , and after only three days , i already looked forward to his name in my inbox , our back-and-forth banter . 
 all of a sudden , i wondered what he looked like . 
 god . 
 just yesterday , i 'd left class telling myself to ignore the brooding stares of a guy in class because i needed time to get over kennedy 's desertion , and here i was daydreaming over a tutor who could look like chace crawford . 
 or ... benji . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i needed time to recover , even if landon was right . 
 even if kennedy was a moron . 
 i clicked on the first worksheet and opened my econ text , and breathed a sigh of relief . 
 landon , the worksheets are definitely going to help . 
 i already feel less scared of failing this class . 
 i did the first two - when you have time , could you look them over ? 
 thank you again for wasting your time on me . 
 i 'll try to get caught up quickly . 
 i 'm not used to being the student who 's a pain in the butt . 
 i had two freshmen from rival schools in competition with each other at regionals . 
 both asked me , separately thank god , who was my favorite . 
 -lrb- i told each of them , `` you are , of course . '' 
 was that wrong ?? -rrb- 
 they were very smug with each other when they came to get their basses from my truck , and i prayed that neither would mention the favorite status in front of the other . 
 boys . 
 engineering ? 
 wow . 
 no wonder you seem so brainy . 
 jw jacqueline , the worksheets look great . 
 i marked a couple of minor mistakes that could trip you up on an exam , so check those . 
 ah , sounds like your freshmen have crushes on you ? 
 not surprised . 
 a bass-playing college girl would have rendered me speechless at 14 . 
 of course i 'm brainy ! 
 i 'm the all-knowing tutor . 
 and in case you 're wondering - yes , you 're my favorite . 
 ; -rrb- lm *** saturday night , erin was once again threatening to drag me out of our room , ignoring my protests and reluctance . 
 this time , three of us were heading to the strip to hit some clubs with our fake ids . 
 `` do n't you remember how the party last weekend went for me ? '' 
 i asked when she shoved a clingy black dress into my outspread arms . 
 of course she did n't remember ; i had n't told her . 
 all she knew was that i 'd bailed early . 
 `` jacqueline , babe , i know this is hard . 
 but you ca n't let kennedy win ! 
 you ca n't let him make you a hermit , or keep you scared of falling for someone new . 
 god , i love this part of it-the hunt for a new guy , everything unknown , untried-the mass of hot prospects in front of you , waiting to be discovered . 
 if i did n't lust after chaz so hard , i 'd be jealous of you . '' 
 the way she described it , the process sounded like an expedition to an exotic continent . 
 i did n't share her feelings , not in the least . 
 the idea of finding a new guy sounded exhausting and depressing . 
 `` erin , i do n't think i 'm ready - '' `` that 's what you said last weekend , and you did fine ! '' 
 she frowned , thinking , and for the hundredth time , i almost told her about buck . 
 `` even if you did leave early . '' 
 she rehung the black dress i did n't intend to wear , and i held my tongue , losing my chance again . 
 i was n't sure why i could n't tell her . 
 i was mostly afraid she 'd be infuriated . 
 more unreasonably , i was afraid she 'd be disbelieving . 
 neither response was something i wanted to contend with ; i just wanted to forget . 
 i thought of lucas , annoyed that his presence in econ was making that process impossible , because he was irrevocably connected to the horror of that night . 
 he 'd not looked at me at all friday-as far as i knew . 
 every time i snuck a look back at him , he appeared to be sketching rather than taking notes , his black pencil held low between his fingers , a concentrated expression on his face . 
 when class ended , he stuck the pencil behind his ear , turned and walked from the classroom without a backward glance , first one out the door . 
 `` now this will show off the goods , '' erin said , breaking into my reverie . 
 next up was a stretchy , low-cut purple top . 
 yanking it from the hanger , she tossed it to me . 
 `` put on your skinny jeans and those badass boots that make you look like a gangbanger 's girlfriend . 
 this fits your tough , i 'm - a-challenge mood better anyway . 
 you have to dress to attract the right guys , and if i make you too cute , you 'll flick them all away with glares and irritated rolls of your big blue eyes . '' 
 i sighed and she laughed , pulling the black dress over her own head . 
 erin knew me far too well . 
 *** i 'd lost count of the number of drinks erin had pressed into my hand , telling me that since she was the designated driver , i was required to drink for two . 
 `` i ca n't touch any of these hotties , either-so i have to live vicariously . 
 now finish that margarita , stop scowling , and stare at one of these guys until he knows he wo n't lose a limb if he asks you to dance . '' 
 `` i 'm not scowling ! '' 
 i scowled , obeying and tossing the drink back . 
 i grimaced . 
 cheap tequila refused to be concealed by an abundance of even cheaper margarita mix , but that 's what you get for no cover charge and five dollar drinks . 
 still relatively early , the small club we decided to occupy for the night was n't yet overcrowded with the hundreds of college students and townies it would hold soon . 
 erin , maggie and i claimed a corner of the near-vacant floor . 
 having downed the drinks and dressed the part , i moved to the music , gradually loosening up while laughing at erin 's cheer poses and maggie 's ballet movements . 
 the first guy to interrupt us approached erin , but she shook her head as her lips mouthed the word boyfriend . 
 she turned him toward me and i thought : that 's me : boyfriend-less . 
 no more relationship . 
 no more kennedy . 
 no more you 're my jackie . 
 `` wan na dance ? '' 
 the guy yelled over the music , fidgeting as though he was ready to bolt if i turned him down . 
 i nodded , choking back the pointless , almost physical pain . 
 i was no one 's girlfriend , for the first time in three years . 
 we moved to an open space a few feet from erin and maggie-who also had a boyfriend . 
 it did n't take long to figure out that the two of them planned to point every guy who asked one of them to dance at me . 
 i was their pet project for the night . 
 two hours later , i 'd danced with too many guys to remember , dodging wandering hands and turning down any drinks not handed to me by erin . 
 crowded around a tall table near the floor , we leaned h * ps on the barstools surrounding it , watching the surrounding hookup activity . 
 as maggie returned from bopping and pirouetting her way to the bathroom and back , i asked if we could go yet , and erin fixed me with a look she usually reserved for ill-mannered steakhouse patrons . 
 i smirked at her and sipped my drink . 
 i knew when the next guy walked up behind me , and that erin and maggie approved , because their eyes widened simultaneously , focusing over my shoulder . 
 fingers grazed the back of my arm , and i took a deep breath and exhaled it slowly before turning around . 
 good thing , too-because it was lucas who stood there , his eyes dropping to my cl ** vage for a split second . 
 he crooked an eyebrow and gazed into my eyes with a faint smile , unapologetic for looking . 
 the heels on my boots were killing my feet , but they were n't tall enough to bring me eye-to-eye . 
 rather than raising his voice like everyone else , he leaned close to my ear and asked , `` dance with me ? '' 
 i felt his warm breath and inhaled the scent of his aftershave-something basic and male-before he withdrew , his eyes on mine , waiting for my answer . 
 an enthusiastic nudge between my shoulder blades told me erin 's vote : go dance with him . 
 i nodded , and he took my hand and made his way to the floor , maneuvering through the crowd , which parted easily for him . 
 once we reached the worn oak floor , he turned and pulled me close , never letting go of my hand . 
 as we found the rhythm of the slow-paced song , swaying together , he took my other hand in his and moved both hands behind my back , gently holding me captive . 
 my br ** sts grazed against his chest and i struggled not to gasp at the subtle contact . 
 i 'd barely let anyone else touch me at all tonight , adamantly refusing all slow dances . 
 dizzy from weak-but-plentiful margaritas , i closed my eyes and let him lead , telling myself that the difference was the alcohol in my blood , nothing more . 
 a minute later , he released my fingers and spread his hands across my lower back , and my hands moved to his biceps . 
 solid , as i knew they would be . 
 tracking a path , my palms encountered equally hard shoulders . 
 finally , i hooked my fingers behind his neck and opened my eyes . 
 his gaze was penetrating , not wavering for a moment , and my pulse hammered under his silent scrutiny . 
 finally , i stretched up toward his ear , and he leaned down to accommodate my question . 
 `` s-so what 's your major ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 from the corner of my eye , i watched his mouth twitch up on one side . 
 `` do you really want to talk about that ? '' 
 he maintained the closeness , our torsos pressed together chest to thigh , ostensibly waiting for my answer . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd been so full of pure , unqualified desire . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` as opposed to talking about what ? '' 
 he chuckled , and i felt the vibrations of his chest against mine . 
 `` as opposed to not talking . '' 
 his hands at my waist gripped a little tighter , thumbs pressing into my ribcage , fingers still at my lower back . 
 i blinked , one moment not understanding what his words implied , and the next knowing unreservedly . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , '' i lied . 
 he leaned closer still , his smooth cheek whispering against mine as he murmured , `` yes , you do . '' 
 struck again by his scent-clean and subtle , unlike the trendy colognes kennedy favored , which always seemed to overpower any scent i wore-i felt an impulse to bring my fingertips to his face and trail them over his freshly shaven jaw , the sexy scruff from yesterday gone . 
 his skin would n't redden mine now if he kissed me , hard . 
 i would feel nothing but his mouth on mine-and maybe that slim ring at the edge of his lip ... the errant thought made my breath catch . 
 when his lips touched just south of my earlobe , i thought i might pass out . 
 `` let 's just dance , '' he said . 
 pulling back just far enough to stare into my eyes , he drew my body against his , and my legs obeyed where his said to go . 
 chapter 5 `` holy fuckburgers . 
 who was that hot guy ? '' 
 erin carefully maneuvered her daddy-furnished volvo sedan around the people weaving drunkenly through the parking lot . 
 `` if i was n't stone cold sober , i 'd think he was a figment of my sex-starved imagination . '' 
 `` psshh , '' i mumbled , eyes closed , my spinning head lolling back against the headrest . 
 `` do n't even talk to me about sex-starved . '' 
 erin grabbed my hand and squeezed . 
 `` aw , shit . 
 i 'm sorry , j. i forgot . '' 
 it had been three weeks since my breakup , but i was n't about to disclose the fact that it had been more like four weeks ... maybe five , since the last time we 'd been at all intimate . 
 i should have seen kennedy 's lack of interest for the sign it was , rather than giving him justifications in my head-he was busy with frat obligations , while i fit in at least two hours of practice a day-more when i had ensemble rehearsal . 
 he had his straight-a grade point average to maintain , and i had music lessons to give . 
 a minute later , maggie piped up from the back seat . 
 `` you have n't answered the question , jacqueline ! '' 
 her speech was almost as slurred as mine , my name pronounced in three distinct syllables , like three separate words . 
 `` who was that beautiful guy , and more importantly , why did n't you solve your sex-starvedness with him ? 
 holy hell , i think i 'd be willing to boot will outta bed for a night with him ! '' 
 `` slut , '' erin said , rolling her eyes into her rearview mirror . 
 maggie laughed . 
 `` in this case ... hell . 
 yeah . '' 
 they both grew quiet , staring at me , waiting for me to reveal who he was . 
 i mentally sorted through everything i knew about him . 
 he 'd saved me from buck 's attack , which i had n't told anyone about . 
 he 'd beaten the crap out of buck , which i likewise had n't told anyone . 
 he 'd stared at me all through economics on wednesday , and then ignored me completely on friday , which i had n't told anyone . 
 he worked at the starbucks . 
 and he kept asking me if i was okay ... but he had n't asked me that tonight . 
 tonight had been something else altogether . 
 by unspoken agreement , we 'd danced several dances without stopping-slow , fast , and everything in between . 
 his hands never left my body , triggering an upsurge of longing i 'd not felt in a very long time-longer than four or five weeks ago . 
 his hands had n't wandered inappropriately , his fingers not even teasing beneath the fabric of my top at the waist , but they 'd seared the skin beneath regardless . 
 and then he disappeared . 
 bending , his lips next to my ear , he thanked me for the dances , led me back to my table , and vanished into the throng of people . 
 i had n't seen him again , and could only assume he 'd left the club . 
 `` his name is lucas . 
 he 's in my economics class . 
 and he draws stuff . '' 
 maggie began giggling and slapped the leather seat . 
 `` he draws stuff ? 
 what kind of stuff ? 
 naked girls ? 
 that 's pretty much the extent of most guys ' artistic endeavors . 
 usually not even whole girls . 
 just boobs . '' 
 erin and i laughed along with her . 
 `` i do n't know what he draws . 
 he was just ... sketching something in class friday . 
 i do n't think he listened to the lecture at all . '' 
 `` oh no , erin ! '' 
 maggie leaned as far up as her seatbelt would allow . 
 `` sounds like that god of a man is a bad student . 
 we know what that means for jacqueline . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 erin shook her head , smiling . 
 `` come on , j-have you ever in your life been attracted to a bad boy ? 
 or a boy who 's , um , academically challenged ? 
 in other words , a boy who is n't - gasp ! 
 - a brainiac ? '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` shut up ! 
 are you saying i 'm an intellectual snob ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 we did n't say you were-we do n't mean that . 
 we just mean ... you sure did n't look indifferent to this lucas guy tonight , while you two danced together for like ever , and it sounds like he 's maybe not your usual type - '' `` my only ` type ' has been kennedy for the past three years ! 
 who knows what my type is ? '' 
 `` do n't get huffy . 
 you know what i mean-you do n't even crush on dumb guys . '' 
 `` well , who does ? '' 
 i rebelled against the idea that lucas was dumb . 
 maybe he was unmotivated in economics , but nothing about him seemed unintelligent . 
 `` hello !? '' 
 maggie called . 
 `` do you even know will ? '' 
 we all dissolved into fits of giggles . 
 maggie 's boyfriend was a sweet guy , and he could probably bench press a small honda , but he would n't be winning any acclaim for his gpa . 
 `` chaz is brainier than me-but that 's not saying much , '' erin said . 
 i 've tried repeatedly to get her to quit knocking her b-average intellect , but at some point in her life , she became convinced that she 's not smart . 
 i poked her in the arm , as i have every time she 's spouted that self-deprecating nonsense . 
 `` ow ! 
 i 'm just being honest ! '' 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 `` anyway , '' erin continued , `` i 've been known to slum it and shop in the gag-him-and-bag-him aisles , believe it or not . '' 
 maggie hooted a laugh behind us as erin continued . 
 `` have y ' all seen the guy who took me to senior prom ? '' 
 we 'd all seen her photos of that guy-the adonis in a tux , his arm around her silk-clad waist . 
 `` what a body-holy cow , i just wanted to lick his abs . 
 he was in remedial classes , but let me tell you , he was gifted and talented at plenty of non-academic occupations . '' 
 i was pretty sure my face was on fire-as it was whenever my roommate elaborated so explicitly , and maggie was laughing so hard she was having trouble breathing . 
 they 'd both come to college single and sexually experienced . 
 kennedy and i had been sleeping together since winter break of senior year , but i 'd never been with anyone else . 
 i 'd had no complaints about our sex life , though the occasional magazine article or something erin said made me wonder if there was more to it than i knew . 
 `` and all of this proves - ? '' 
 erin grinned at me . 
 `` it proves you 're ready for a long-overdue bad boy phase . '' 
 `` ooohhh , '' maggie sighed . 
 `` um . 
 i do n't think - '' `` exactly . 
 do n't think . 
 you 're gon na seduce this lucas guy and rebound the hell out of him . 
 that 's the thing about bad boys-they do n't have any qualms about being the rebound guy because they do n't hang around for long anyway . 
 he probably lives for being the rebound guy-especially in a situation like this , where he 'll get to teach you all sorts of naughty stuff . '' 
 maggie endorsed erin 's crazy idea with one heavily sighed word . 
 `` lucky . '' 
 i thought of lucas 's hands at my waist , his mouth grazing my ear , and i shivered . 
 i recalled his penetrating gaze wednesday during class , and the breath in my lungs went shallow . 
 maybe i was experiencing alcohol perspective , and everything would look different tomorrow-but at the moment , erin 's crazy idea was starting to sound almost not crazy . 
 oh , hell . 
 *** i was a ball of nerves as i approached the classroom monday morning , unsure if i should initiate the man-snaring strategy i 'd agreed to test on my unsuspecting classmate , or abandon it fully while i still could . 
 he walked into the room ahead of me , and i watched his eyes flick over my recently assigned seat , and the vacant one next to kennedy , who was already seated , thank god . 
 i had about thirty seconds to reconsider the whole thing . 
 erin and maggie had n't let up on the thankfully short drive back to the dorm , feeding each other 's enthusiasm and swearing envy over what i was about to do . 
 or who i was about to do . 
 since erin had nothing to drink on saturday but diet dr. pepper , she 'd sprung out of bed sunday morning unhungover and chock-full of plans for operation bad boy phase . 
 i pretended more of a hangover than i had , just to put her off , but erin with an idea was not readily put off . 
 determined to impart her how-to-seduce-a-guy knowledge whether i wanted it or not , she 'd shoved a bottle of orange juice into my hands as i grumbled and pulled myself to a sitting position . 
 i wanted to tug the covers over my head and plug my ears , but it was far too late for that . 
 she plopped next to me . 
 `` first , you have to approach this with no fear . 
 seriously , they can smell fear . 
 it totally puts them off the scent . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` off the scent ? 
 that 's so ... '' i tried to think of a more suitable word than aaauugh , but my brain had n't booted up yet . 
 `` that 's so true , you mean ? 
 look-guys are dogs . 
 women have known this since the beginning of time . 
 guys do n't want to be chased ; they chase . 
 so if you 're going to catch one , you have to know how to make him chase you . '' 
 i squinted at her . 
 archaic , sexist , demeaning my brain declared , filling in for aaauugh , too late . 
 this viewpoint should n't have surprised me-i 'd heard her say these sorts of things before . 
 i just never considered those off-the-cuff remarks to be part of a creed . 
 i chugged half of the oj before commenting . 
 `` you 're serious about this . '' 
 she cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` this is where i do n't say ` as a heart attack , ' right ? '' 
 *** go time . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i had three minutes until class started . 
 erin said i needed one minute , no more than two . 
 `` but two is pushing it , '' she insisted , `` because then you look too interested . 
 one is better . '' 
 i slid into the seat next to him , but perched on the edge , making it obvious that i had no intention of remaining . 
 his eyes snapped to mine immediately , dark brows disappearing into that messy hair falling over his forehead . 
 his eyes were almost colorless . 
 i 'd never seen anyone with eyes so light . 
 he was definitely startled by my appearance next to him . 
 good , according to erin and maggie . 
 `` hey , '' i said , a subtle smile on my lips , hoping i appeared somewhere between interested and indifferent . 
 according to erin and maggie , that impression was a vital part of the strategy . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he opened his econ text , concealing the open sketchbook in front of him . 
 before he obscured it , i caught a detailed illustration of the venerated old oak tree in the center of campus and the ornamental wrought iron fence surrounding it . 
 i swallowed . 
 interested and indifferent . 
 `` so , it just occurred to me that i do n't remember your name from the other night . 
 too many margaritas , i guess . '' 
 he wet his lips and stared at me a moment before answering , and i blinked , wondering if he was purposefully making my loosely-sustained indifference more challenging to maintain . 
 `` it 's lucas . 
 and i do n't think i gave it . '' 
 in the next moment , dr. heller entered noisily near the podium , catching his handled case in the door . 
 an audible , `` dammit , '' echoed through the lecture hall , thanks to the planned acoustics of the room . 
 lucas and i smiled at each other as our fellow classmates tittered . 
 `` so ... you , um , called me jackie , before ? '' 
 i said , and his head tilted slightly . 
 `` i actually go by jacqueline . 
 now . '' 
 his brows drew down slightly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i cleared my throat and stood-surprising him again , judging by his expression . 
 `` nice to meet you , lucas . '' 
 i smiled again before turning away and darting to my assigned seat . 
 keeping my attention on the lecture and defying the compulsion to peek over my shoulder was excruciating . 
 i was sure i felt lucas 's eyes boring into the back of my head . 
 like an out-of-reach itch , the sensation nettled me for fifty minutes straight , and it took herculean effort to refrain from turning around . 
 unknowingly , benji helped by making distracting observations on dr. heller , like tallying the number of times he said , `` uuummm , '' during the lecture with marks at the top of his notebook , and pointing out the fact that our professor was sporting one navy and one brown sock . 
 instead of lingering at the end of class to see what lucas would do -lrb- speak to me or ignore me ? -rrb- 
 , instead of waiting for kennedy to leave -lrb- funny , i 'd paid scant attention to him for the past hour-that was a first -rrb- , i swung my backpack onto my shoulder and practically sprinted from the room without looking at either of them . 
 emerging from the side door into the crisp fall air , i sucked in a deep breath . 
 agenda : spanish class , lunch , starbucks . 
 erin : how 'd obbp go ? 
 me : got him to tell me his name . 
 went back to my seat . 
 did n't look at him again . 
 erin : perfect . 
 meet you after next class for more strategizing before coffee . 
 ; -rrb- *** when erin and i joined the line at the starbucks , i did n't see lucas . 
 `` rats . '' 
 she craned her neck , making sure he was n't one of the people behind the counter . 
 `` he was here last monday , right ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , but his work schedule is probably unpredictable . '' 
 she elbowed me lightly . 
 `` not so much . 
 that 's him there , right ? '' 
 he came through a door to the back with an industrial-sized bag of coffee . 
 my physical reaction to him was unnerving . 
 it was as though my insides all clenched up at the sight of him , and when they unwound , everything restarted at once-my heart rate accelerating , lungs pumping air , brainwaves running amok . 
 `` ooh , j , he 's got ink , too , '' erin murmured appreciatively . 
 `` just when i did n't think he could get any hotter ... '' my eyes fell to his forearms , flexing as he sliced the bag open . 
 tattooed designs wrapped around his wrists , contiguous symbols and script running up both arms and disappearing into the sleeves of the gray knit shirt , which were shoved above his elbows . 
 i 'd never seen him without his sleeves pulled to the wrists . 
 even saturday night , he 'd worn long sleeves-a faded black button-down , open over a white t-shirt . 
 i 'd never been attracted to guys with tattoos . 
 the notion of needles injecting ink under the skin and the confidence of making permanent imprints of words and symbols was foreign to me . 
 now , i wondered how far the tattoos spread-just the sleeves of his arms ? 
 his back ? 
 his chest ? 
 erin tugged my arm as the line moved forward . 
 `` you 're botching our carefully crafted indifferent act , by the way . 
 not that i can blame you . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` maybe we should bail now before he - '' i glanced at her when she fell silent , and watched a devious smile cross her face as she turned to me . 
 `` keep looking at me , '' she said , laughing as though we were having an amusing conversation . 
 `` he 's staring at you . 
 and i mean staring . 
 that boy is undressing you with his eyes . 
 can you feel it ? '' 
 her expression was triumphant . 
 could i feel his stare ? 
 i can now , thanks , i thought . 
 my face heated . 
 `` oh , my god , you 're blushing , '' she whispered , her dark eyes widening . 
 `` no shit . '' 
 my teeth were clenched , voice tight . 
 `` stop telling me he 's - he 's - '' `` undressing you with his eyes ? '' 
 she laughed again and i 'd never wanted to kick her more . 
 `` okay , okay-but j , do not worry . 
 you 've got this . 
 i do n't know what you 've done to him , but he 's ready to sit up and beg . 
 trust me . '' 
 she glanced in his direction . 
 `` okay , he 's starting a new batch of coffee now . 
 you can do your own staring . '' 
 we stepped closer ; there were only two people in front of us . 
 i watched lucas replace the filter , measure out the coffee , and set the controls . 
 his green apron was haphazardly secured in the back-more of a knot than a bow . 
 the ties drew my eyes to his h * ps in his worn , low-slung jeans , one pocket holding a wallet to which a loose chain was attached . 
 it disappeared under the apron , linking to a front belt loop , no doubt . 
 he turned then , eyes on the second register as he punched buttons and brought it to life . 
 i wondered if he planned to ignore me as i had him during class . 
 it would serve me right , playing this game . 
 just as the guy in front of me began his detailed drink order to the girl at the first register , lucas 's gaze swung up to meet mine . 
 `` next ? '' 
 the steel gray of his shirt set off the gray in his eyes , the blue disappearing . 
 `` jacqueline . '' 
 he greeted me with a smirk , and i worried that he could read my mind , and the devious plans erin had implanted in it . 
 `` americano today , or something else ? '' 
 he remembered my drink order from a week ago . 
 i nodded , and he flashed a barely-there grin at my bemusement , ringing up the order and printing the cup with a sharpie . 
 instead of passing it to a coworker , though , he made the drink himself . 
 he added a protective sleeve and a lid and handed me the cup . 
 i could n't read his trace of a smile . 
 `` have a nice day . '' 
 looking over my shoulder , he said , `` next ? '' 
 i joined erin at the pick-up counter , confused and sulking . 
 `` he made the drink for you ? '' 
 she retrieved her drink and followed me to the condiment counter . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i removed the lid and added sugar and milk while she shook cinnamon over her latte . 
 `` but he just handed it over like i was any other customer and took the next guy 's order . '' 
 we watched him interact with customers . 
 he did n't once glance my way . 
 `` i could have sworn he was so into you he could n't see straight , '' she mused as we left , rounding a corner to join the mass of people flowing through the student center . 
 `` hey , baby ! '' 
 chaz 's voice pulled both of us from our thoughts . 
 he snatched erin out of the flow of people and i followed , laughing at her delighted squeal until i noticed the guy standing next to him . 
 my face went hot , blood pounding in my ears . 
 as our friends kissed hello and began talking about what time they each got off work tonight , buck stared down at me , his mouth turning up on one side . 
 my breath came in pants and i fought to keep the rising panic and nausea under control . 
 i wanted to turn and run , but i was immobilized . 
 he could n't touch me here . 
 he could n't hurt me here . 
 `` hey , jackie . '' 
 his piercing gaze roamed over me and my skin crawled . 
 `` lookin ' good , as always . '' 
 his words gushed flirtation , but all i felt was the threat underneath , intended or not . 
 the bruises had faded from his face , but were n't entirely gone . 
 one yellowish streak ringed his left eye , and another brushed along the right side of his nose like a pale smear . 
 lucas had given him those , and only the three of us knew it . 
 i stared back , mute , the coffee clutched in my hand . 
 i 'd once thought this boy handsome and charming-the all-american veneer he wore fooling me as thoroughly as it fooled everyone else . 
 i raised my chin , ignoring my physical reaction to him , and the fear causing it . 
 `` it 's jacqueline . '' 
 he cocked one eyebrow , confused . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 erin grabbed my elbow . 
 `` come on , hot stuff . 
 do n't you have art history in like five minutes ? '' 
 i stumbled slightly as i turned and followed her , and he issued a soft , taunting laugh as i passed him . 
 `` see you around , jacqueline , '' he teased . 
 my name in his mouth sent a tremor through me , and i trailed behind erin into the sea of students . 
 once i could move , i could n't get away from him fast enough . 
 chapter 6 erin : do you still have your coffee cup ? 
 me : yes ? 
 erin : take the sleeve off me : omg erin : his phone number ? 
 me : how did you know ??? erin : i 'm erin . 
 i know all . 
 ; -rrb- erin : actually , i just wondered why he wrote on your cup if he was going to make your drink . 
 if erin had n't texted me during class , that cup , and his number , would have been pitched into the hallway wastebasket . 
 so ... lucas was n't writing an unnecessary drink order onto my cup , he was giving me his phone number . 
 i entered it into my phone , wondering what i was meant to do with it . 
 call him ? 
 text him ? 
 i thought about what i knew of him : he 'd come out of nowhere the night of the party . 
 after putting a stop to the attack , some further protective trait had obliged him to see me safely back to the dorm . 
 he 'd somehow known my name that night-my nickname-but i 'd never noticed him before . 
 he sat in the back row in economics , sketching or staring at me instead of paying attention to the lecture . 
 saturday night , the firm touch of his hands as we danced made my head swim , before he disappeared without explanation . 
 he 'd undressed me with his eyes , erin said , in the middle of starbucks-where he worked . 
 he was cocky and self-sure . 
 tattooed and too hot for words . 
 he looked and acted like the bad boy erin and maggie believed him to be . 
 and now , his number was programmed into my phone . 
 it was as though he knew all about operation bad boy phase , and he was as willing and eager to fill that role as my friends believed he 'd be . 
 but i did n't know him . 
 i did n't know what he thought of me . 
 if he thought of me . 
 the girl talking to him after class last week wanted him . 
 in the club , girls had openly stared as he passed , some of them turning around in his wake to assess him further . 
 he could have danced with any of them , probably gone home with most of them . 
 why me ? 
 *** landon , i 've attached an outline of my research paper . 
 if you have a chance , could you make sure it 's not too broad , or too focused ? 
 i 'm not sure how many economies outside the us to include . 
 also , the j-curve is a little confusing . 
 i get that we can see it after the fact , but is n't economics based on prediction , like the weather ? 
 i mean , who cares if we can only see what happened after the fact - if the weather guy ca n't predict what 's going to happen tomorrow , he 's probably going to get fired , right ? 
 i did the worksheets , too . 
 sorry i 'm sending you so much at once , and on a monday . 
 i should have sent it earlier , but i went out with some friends saturday and did n't get it done . 
 jw jacqueline , no problem . 
 i 'm either working , studying or in class practically every waking hour . 
 i hardly notice what day it is . 
 i hope you enjoyed your night out . 
 i know i initially said i did n't need details of your breakup -lrb- if that was rude , i did n't mean it that way -rrb- ; it must have been bad to make you ditch class for two weeks . 
 i can tell skipping is atypical for you . 
 i 've attached a wsj article that explains the j-curve better than the text . 
 you 're exactly right , without the ability to predict , economics is n't economics , it 's history . 
 and while history has its place in the predictable probabilities of both economics and meteorology -lrb- clever analogy , btw -rrb- , it 's hardly useful if you need to know whether or not to invest in foreign currency or bring your umbrella to school . 
 lm i stared at the email , trying and failing to compare landon to lucas . 
 they seemed as opposite as night and day , but i only knew half of each of them . 
 i did n't know much about lucas beyond his striking looks and his ability to beat the shit out of someone . 
 during art history , i 'd found myself wondering what would have happened in that interaction with buck , if lucas had been with me . 
 i wondered if buck would have dared to look at me like that . 
 to say what he 'd said : lookin ' good . 
 the thought of buck 's cold eyes examining me made my stomach turn . 
 feeling shallow for caring , i speculated again what landon might look like , and how much impact that might have on what i thought of him . 
 his compliments made me stare at my laptop and smile . 
 he 'd said my ex was a moron , and now he seemed to be interested in our breakup . 
 in me . 
 that , or i was reading too much into it . 
 landon , we were together almost three years . 
 i never saw it coming . 
 i followed him here to school , instead of trying for a performing arts school . 
 my orchestra teacher nearly had a stroke when i told him . 
 he pleaded with me to audition at oberlin or julliard , but i did n't . 
 i ca n't blame anyone but myself . 
 i trusted my future to my hs boyfriend , like an idiot . 
 now i 'm stuck somewhere i 'm not supposed to be . 
 i do n't know if i just believed that much in him , or that little in myself . 
 either way , pretty freaking stupid , huh ? 
 so there 's my weepy little story . 
 thank you for the article . 
 jw jacqueline , not stupid . 
 overly trusting , maybe , but that reflects on his lack of trustworthiness , not on your intelligence . 
 as for being somewhere you 're not supposed to be - maybe you 're here for a reason , or there is no reason . 
 as a scientist , i lean toward the latter . 
 either way , you 're off the hook . 
 you made a decision ; now you make the best of it . 
 that 's all you can do , right ? 
 on that note , i 'm off to study for a statistical mechanics quiz . 
 who knows , maybe i 'll be able to prove scientifically that your ex is n't worthy of you , and you 're exactly where you should be . 
 lm *** when erin came through the door , i was half-asleep and surrounded by conjugated spanish verbs printed on colored index cards . 
 i scooped most of them up just before she bounced onto the edge of my bed . 
 `` so ? 
 did you call him or text him ? 
 did you use the stuff we went over ? 
 what did he say ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` neither . '' 
 she lay back on the bed , flinging her arms wide dramatically as i snatched up cards before she creased them . 
 `` you chickened out . '' 
 i stared at the cards in my hand . 
 yo habre , tu habras , el habra , nosotros habremos ... `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 you know , this is better . 
 do n't call . 
 make him chase you . '' 
 she laughed at my creased brow . 
 `` guys like chaz are so much easier . 
 hell , i could tell him to chase me and he would . '' 
 we laughed at the visual that produced , because it was probably true . 
 i thought about kennedy . 
 about what kind of guy he was . 
 he 'd chased me in the beginning , but he did n't have to try very hard to catch me . 
 i was swept off my feet by him , swept along in his dreams and plans , because he 'd made me part of them . 
 until a few weeks ago . 
 `` aw , shit , j. i know what you 're doing . 
 do n't think about him . 
 i 'm gon na make some cocoa . 
 get back to - '' she sat up , picking up a card i 'd not grabbed hastily enough , '' - ugh , spanish verbs . '' 
 erin filled mugs with tap water in the bathroom and stuck them in the microwave to heat . 
 i stared at the blurry cards in my hand . 
 damn kennedy . 
 damn him , damn him . 
 it would serve him right to see me with someone like lucas . 
 someone so different , but equally hot . 
 more so , if i started calculating details . 
 operation bad boy phase was on . 
 but i was n't calling lucas , or texting him . 
 if erin was right-if he was a chaser-he 'd not done enough chasing , yet . 
 when she handed me the mug , i took a deep breath and smiled . 
 she 'd piled mine with marshmallows from the little stash of them we both occasionally dug into without bothering to make cocoa . 
 `` so if i do n't text him , what 's next ? '' 
 she smiled and squeaked a triumphant little squeal . 
 `` he must be digging the good girl thing you 've got going on ... '' her eyes widened . 
 `` jacqueline-maybe he 'd noticed you in class before the breakup . 
 you changed seats , right ? 
 making it obvious you two broke up . 
 this is perfect . '' 
 i was back to confused and she was laughing . 
 `` he 's already chasing you . 
 now all you have to do is keep running . 
 just not too fast . '' 
 i licked chocolate from my upper lip . 
 `` erin , you 're dangerous . '' 
 she smiled wickedly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 *** wednesday , i got to the classroom before the 8:00 class let out . 
 as soon as most of the students had filed out the door , i slipped in and took my seat , determined not to pay attention to lucas when he came in . 
 to that end , i flipped through my index cards , though i was more than ready to ace the quiz in spanish . 
 when benji slid into his seat on my left , i did n't pause in my review . 
 i refused to be distracted from not paying attention to lucas 's seat , and whether or not he was in it . 
 `` hey , jacqueline . '' 
 that was n't benji 's voice . 
 the seats were bolted to the floor , with right-handed desktops . 
 lucas leaned slightly over the side of benji 's , pushing into the very margin of my space . 
 my breath caught , and i focused on letting it out , appearing unaffected . 
 `` oh , hi . '' 
 he bit his lower lip once , briefly . 
 `` i guess you did n't notice the phone number on your coffee cup . '' 
 i glanced at my phone , sitting on the edge of my textbook . 
 `` i noticed . '' 
 i watched his reaction , knowing i was practically telling him to chase me . 
 he smiled , his light eyes crinkling slightly at the corners , and i tried not to swoon visibly . 
 `` i see . 
 turnabout is fair play . 
 how ` bout you give me yours ? '' 
 i arched a brow at him . 
 `` why ? 
 do you need help in economics ? '' 
 he bit his lip in earnest that time , stifling a laugh . 
 `` hardly . 
 what makes you think that ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 could i be attracted to a guy who cared so little about doing well in class ? 
 `` i guess it 's not my business . '' 
 he leaned his chin into the palm of his hand . 
 the tips of his fingers were tinged with gray , probably from drawing with that pencil sitting over his ear . 
 `` i appreciate your concern , but i want your number for reasons completely unrelated to economics . '' 
 i picked up my phone and found his number , and sent him a text that said : hi . 
 `` dude , you 're in my seat . '' 
 benji 's tone was matter-of-fact , but unperturbed . 
 lucas 's phone vibrated in his hand , and he smiled as my text popped up , giving him my number . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he unfolded himself from the chair and addressed benji . 
 `` sorry , man . '' 
 `` no prob . '' 
 benji was one of the most easygoing people i 'd ever met . 
 his attitude said slacker , but i 'd gotten a look at the midterm crammed into his notebook-he 'd made a high b , and for all his talk about skipping class and sleeping in , he 'd yet to miss one . 
 after lucas sauntered back to his seat , benji leaned over the edge of his desktop , closer than lucas had . 
 `` so what was that about ? '' 
 his eyebrows rocked up and down and i tried not to grin . 
 `` i 'm sure i do n't know what you mean , '' i replied , fluttering my lashes in my best southern belle impersonation . 
 `` careful , little lady , '' he drawled . 
 `` that fella seems a bit dangerous . '' 
 he shook a too-long curl out of his eyes , smiling . 
 `` not that there 's anything wrong with a bit of danger . '' 
 my lips pinched into half a smile . 
 `` true . '' 
 i congratulated myself for taking a singular peek over my shoulder , halfway through the fifty-minute class . 
 lucas was n't looking at me , so i could n't help staring . 
 pencil in hand , he was sketching intently , first shading and then carefully smearing with his thumb . 
 his dark hair fell around his face as he concentrated on his work , the lecture and the classroom disregarded as though he was alone in his room . 
 i imagined him sitting on his bed , knees up , pad balanced on his thighs . 
 i wondered what he was sketching . 
 or who . 
 he glanced up and caught my gaze . 
 held it . 
 his mouth pulled into that ghost of a smile and he stretched his neck and rolled his shoulders , returning my stare . 
 glancing at the pad , he tapped the end of his pencil against it and sprawled back in his seat , lashes fanning down as he examined his work . 
 dr. heller finished the chart he was free-handing onto the whiteboard , and the lecture resumed . 
 lucas tucked the pencil over his ear and picked up a pen . 
 before shifting his attention to our professor , he smiled at me again , and a jolt of excitement shot through me . 
 at the end of class , a different girl than last week intercepted him on his way out the door , and i bolted without a backward look . 
 my adrenaline kicked in , my body sensing my need to escape and giving wings to it . 
 glancing over my shoulder , i ducked through the side exit and slowed down , feeling silly . 
 erin and maggie insisted that i should elude his grasp for a few days more , and make him pursue me-but he was n't going to literally give chase . 
 i texted erin that i 'd be getting crap coffee in the cafeteria before my afternoon class instead of going by the starbucks . 
 she texted back : genius . 
 i 'll meet you there . 
 sisters in solidarity and all that shit . 
 *** by the end of art history , i was beginning to doubt erin 's notion that lucas wanted to play this game . 
 maybe he was n't a dog . 
 or i was n't a cat . 
 or i was just really bad at this . 
 i sighed , stuffing my phone into my bag . 
 i 'd clicked it to check for a message at least thirty times during class . 
 i 'd always disparaged the games people played in pursuit of love-or the next hook up . 
 the whole thing was a competition to see who could get how far , and i could never figure out if there was more luck or skill involved , or some unknowable combination of the two . 
 people rarely said what they thought , or revealed how they felt . 
 no one was honest . 
 easy for me to say , from my high horse of the perfect relationship with kennedy . 
 erin had called me on that months ago , when i told her she was being ridiculous over a guy-plotting to decipher what he wanted from a girl before systematically breaking down his defenses . 
 i had to admit she was right . 
 i had no idea what it was like to be a young , single adult , so i was n't entitled to judge . 
 until now . 
 this angst was absurd , but i could n't shake it . 
 he 'd stared at me in class . 
 i felt confident when i left economics , and miserable now . 
 why ? 
 because he had n't shoved the redhead out of his way at the end of econ to come after me ? 
 because he had n't texted me at some point during the barely three and a half hours since i 'd seen him ? 
 that did n't even make sense . 
 by the time i was heating soup in the microwave for dinner , i 'd resigned myself to having failed at keeping lucas 's interest . 
 i pushed the pretty girl who 'd rushed up to him at the end of the class from my mind , once i started imagining him leaving the class holding her hand , or more . 
 `` dumbass , '' i muttered at myself . 
 from the end of my bed , my laptop dinged an email alert , and an answering flutter came from my stomach . 
 it was probably nothing-a notice about flu shots from the health center , or another note from one of my old high school friends , who were all `` so devastated '' that kennedy and i were over -lrb- which they all figured out when he changed his facebook relationship status-twenty minutes after he 'd broken up with me -rrb- . 
 i 'd disabled my account immediately , and had yet to reinstate it . 
 the thought of seeing his glib status updates and having photos of him pop up in my feed was demoralizing . 
 even if i hid him , we knew too many of the same people . 
 there 'd be no hiding his activities completely . 
 i began getting sympathetic and condescending emails and texts the next day , so i was justifiably apprehensive whenever i checked my inbox . 
 cringing , i pulled it up ... and smiled . 
 jacqueline , are you going to make it to the session tomorrow -lrb- thursday -rrb- ? 
 in case you wo n't , i 've attached the worksheet i 'm planning to go over . 
 it 's new , separate stuff , and you need n't be completely caught up to get it . 
 -lrb- speaking of , you should be all caught up within a week or so . -rrb- 
 lm ps - i 've been thinking about that proof i spoke of last time - that you 're where you 're supposed to be . 
 and it occurred to me , can you prove you 'd be better off somewhere else ? 
 if you 'd have left the state , your relationship would have ended still . 
 maybe you 'd have even blamed yourself , not knowing that it was doomed because of him , either way . 
 instead , you 're here . 
 you got dumped , skipped class , and met the best econ tutor at the university ! 
 who knows , maybe i 'll make you fall in love with economics . 
 -lrb- what 's your major , btw ? -rrb- 
 landon , i 'm a music education major . 
 i hate that saying : `` those who can , do , those who ca n't , teach . '' 
 as a tutor , i know that 's bs . 
 still . 
 i wanted to do . 
 i imagined joining a symphony orchestra , or a progressive jazz band ... and instead , i 'm going to teach . 
 i wo n't be at your session - i have lessons with my middle school boys tomorrow . 
 -lrb- i think i 'd be more impressive to them if i could fart the scales instead of plucking them on the bass . -rrb- 
 sorry to inform you , but i plan to make it through this class and be done with econ . 
 no reflection on your genius tutoring skills , i swear . 
 thank you for the worksheet . 
 you 're too kind . 
 jw jacqueline , if you want to do , then do . 
 what 's stopping you ? 
 so i 'm kind , huh ? 
 never heard that before . 
 people usually think i 'm a pretentious a-hole . 
 i must admit , i tend to encourage that estimation . 
 so please promise to keep your opinion to yourself . 
 reputations can be ruined so easily , you know . 
 ; -rrb- lm ps - do the worksheet . 
 before friday . 
 i 'm giving you a very serious look through this screen . 
 do the worksheet . 
 if you have problems with any of the material , let me know . 
 landon , what 's stopping me ? 
 well , i 've blown the chance to go to a serious music school . 
 and i 'm stuck in a state that does n't always foster the arts -lrb- something i 'll probably spend my entire teaching career fighting -rrb- . 
 it seems impossible to go out now and `` do . '' 
 i guess i should rethink that . 
 your secret geniality is safe . 
 my lips are sealed . 
 jw ps - i 'm doing the worksheet , but i 'm giving you a very petulant look through my screen . 
 slave driver . 
 sheesh . 
 i was grinning when i clicked send . 
 maybe i was playing an entirely different game of chase , and lucas and his infuriatingly enigmatic smile could take a flying leap . 
 erin and maggie could keep their make-him-chase-you advice and use it themselves , because i , apparently , sucked at it in real life . 
 through email , though ... my happy expression slid away as i realized the stark truth-i was flirting with someone online . 
 i had no idea what he looked like , or what type of person he was . 
 that was n't exactly true . 
 i knew exactly what type of person he was , even though i 'd never laid eyes on him . 
 he was kind . 
 and intelligent . 
 and straightforward . 
 of course , he had n't beaten a would-be r ** ist to a bloody pulp for me . 
 or made my insides melt when he put his hands on my waist . 
 he probably did n't have tattoos on his arms or glacier-gray-blue eyes and a liquefying stare . 
 at 10:00 pm , my phone trilled a text alert . 
 lucas : hi : -rrb- me : hi : -rrb- lucas : what 's up ? 
 me : nothing . 
 homework . 
 lucas : i wanted to talk to you after class , but you disappeared . 
 me : i have another class right after . 
 one of those profs who stops talking , stares at you and waits until you get to your seat if you 're late . 
 lucas : i would probably just walk to my seat even slower . 
 ; -rrb- lucas : you should come by the sb friday . 
 it 's usually dead . 
 americano , on the house ? 
 me : free coffee ? 
 i ca n't pass that up . 
 i 'll try to stop by . 
 when do you work ? 
 lucas : all afternoon . 
 til 5 . 
 me : k lucas : see you friday , jacqueline chapter 7 lucas was fifteen minutes late to class on friday , and we had a pop quiz first thing-which he missed . 
 my first thought was how irresponsible it was to miss a quiz ... and then i remembered that i missed the midterm . 
 i could n't exactly point any fingers . 
 he slipped through the back door as dr. heller walked up the center aisle , collecting quizzes . 
 he took the stacks from the left row and then turned to the right , where lucas sat . 
 `` i need to see you after class , '' he said , his voice low . 
 inclining his head once , lucas pulled his text from his backpack and replied in the same subdued tone . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i did n't look back at him during the remainder of class , and when it was over , he packed up his backpack and walked down the outside aisle to the front . 
 while waiting for dr. heller to finish his conversation with another student , lucas 's eyes lifted and found me . 
 his smile was as unreadable as always , scarcely there at all . 
 but his gaze was focused , pegging me like a dart to a board . 
 turning his attention to our professor , he broke the stare . 
 i released the breath i 'd not realized i was holding and escaped the classroom , undecided on whether or not to follow through with stopping by starbucks that afternoon . 
 i considered the quiz i 'd just aced , thanks to landon 's insistence that i complete the worksheet he sent two nights ago . 
 doing that worksheet had been all sorts of help-on a quiz he must have known about . 
 i did n't think he 'd crossed a line and told me something he should n't have , but his toe was definitely on the line . 
 for me . 
 swept along and invisible among thousands of other students on this enormous campus , i was struck by the fact that for some reason , he 'd gone out of his way to help me . 
 for some reason , i mattered to him . 
 erin : chaz and i are leaving soon . 
 you gon na be ok this weekend ? 
 you 're going to sb this afternoon , right ? 
 if he asks you out , go for it . 
 clear the palate ! 
 do n't forget you 'll have the room to yourself all weekend . 
 wink wink . 
 me : you kids have fun . 
 i 'll be fine ! 
 i 'll keep you posted . 
 erin : you 'd better ! 
 i 'll be back sunday afternoon . 
 or evening , depending on the level of hangover sunday morning . 
 heh heh . 
 text me later . 
 i 'd forgotten erin 's road trip with chaz was this weekend . 
 his brother was in a band , and they were playing at a festival tomorrow near shreveport , so they had reservations at a bed and breakfast for the weekend . 
 erin told maggie and me about it last month while we waited to look at mercury and venus through a telescope during an evening astronomy lab . 
 `` a bed and breakfast ? '' 
 maggie arched a brow . 
 `` what 's next , monogrammed towels ? '' 
 erin scowled . 
 `` it 's romantic ! '' 
 `` exactly , '' maggie laughed . 
 `` and you 're going with chaz . 
 how 'd you even talk mr. sports stats into that , anyway ? '' 
 erin 's full lips made a prim little bow and she combed a hand through hair so red i could tell its color even while standing in this dark field on the outskirts of town . 
 `` i told him that bed-and-breakfasts have ginormous whirlpool tubs , and that i 'd be willing to do unspeakably sinful things to him in it . '' 
 a strangled sound came from one of the two nerdy guys behind us in line , both wearing tortured expressions and staring at erin . 
 we stifled laughs . 
 maggie sighed . 
 `` poor chaz . 
 he never had a chance ... he 's gon na be standing in front of a bunch of people saying ' i do ' someday without knowing how it happened . '' 
 `` ugh ! 
 i do n't think so . 
 when it 's time to settle down , i 'm getting somebody like ... '' erin looked over her shoulder at the eavesdroppers behind us , `` like one of them . '' 
 the boys looked at each other and stood up a little straighter . 
 with a smirk in erin 's direction , one of them fist-bumped the other . 
 *** i doubted erin would give me a second thought during her romantic weekend . 
 i was on my own . 
 i deliberated , finally turning toward the student union while pulling my jacket tighter against the sudden november chill . 
 frat parties held this weekend would n't be open-window , not that i 'd know firsthand . 
 there was no way in hell i was going anywhere kennedy might be . 
 or buck . 
 the coffee smell invaded my senses before the starbucks came into view . 
 rounding the corner , my eyes went to the counter , where two employees stood talking . 
 when i did n't see lucas , i wondered if he 'd switched shifts and forgot to text me . 
 there were only a handful of customers-one of whom was dr. heller , reading the paper in the corner . 
 i had nothing against my professor , but i did n't exactly want him witnessing my attempts to flirt with the guy who skipped the quiz and got called out for it just this morning . 
 i stood just behind a display of coffee mugs and travel cups . 
 just as he had monday , lucas pushed through the door to the back as my eyes brushed over it . 
 my fingers and toes tingled at the sight of him . 
 underneath the green apron , he wore a close-fitting light blue t-shirt , long-sleeved , not the university-branded sweatshirt he 'd worn this morning in class . 
 his shirtsleeves were pushed past his elbows again , leaving the tattoos visible . 
 i moved to the counter , my eyes skimming from his forearms to his face . 
 he had n't seen me yet . 
 one of the girls at the register straightened . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 her voice held a bite of annoyance , as though she was snapping her fingers to get my attention . 
 `` i 've got it , eve , '' lucas said , and she shrugged and returned to her conversation with her coworker , but they both eyed me with even more hostility than a moment before . 
 `` hey , jacqueline . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 he glanced toward the corner where dr. heller sat . 
 `` what can i get for you ? '' 
 his tone was n't the tone of a guy who 'd specifically asked me to come by . 
 maybe he was behaving circumspectly for his coworkers ' benefit . 
 `` um , a grande americano , i guess . '' 
 he grabbed the cup from the stack and made the drink . 
 i tried to hand him my card , but he shook his head once . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 i 've got it . '' 
 his coworkers exchanged a look i pretended not to see . 
 i thanked him and retreated to the opposite side of the shop from dr. heller , setting up my laptop to work on my econ project . 
 i had to glean information from multiple sources to defend the position my research paper was taking . 
 it was due before thanksgiving break , less than two weeks away . 
 if i never had to make up another midterm , it would be too soon . 
 after an hour , i 'd bookmarked a dozen sources on current international economic happenings , my coffee was gone , and lucas had n't come over once . 
 i was expected at the high school for my weekly friday afternoon bass lessons in half an hour . 
 shutting down my laptop , i turned to unplug the power cord from the wall . 
 `` ms. wallace . '' 
 at dr. heller 's unexpected greeting , i jumped , knocking over my thankfully-empty cup . 
 `` oh ! 
 so sorry to have startled you ! '' 
 `` oh , that 's okay . 
 i 'm a little jumpy-from , uh , the coffee . '' 
 and from thinking for one split second that you were lucas . 
 `` i just wanted to let you know that mr. maxfield tells me you 're almost caught up , and making headway on the project . 
 i 'm glad to hear it . '' 
 he lowered his voice and glanced around conspiratorially . 
 `` my colleagues and i do n't actually want to fail anyone , you know . 
 our goal is to frighten-i mean encourage-the less , er , serious students to produce . 
 not that i believe you 're one of those . '' 
 i returned his smile . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he straightened and cleared his throat . 
 `` good , good . 
 well , on that note-have a productive weekend . '' 
 he chuckled at his joke and i managed to avoid rolling my eyes . 
 `` thank you , dr. heller . '' 
 he walked to the counter and spoke to lucas as i wound the power cord and stowed the laptop in my backpack . 
 the conversation between them was earnest , and i was concerned when dr. heller seemed to gesture toward me at least once . 
 i wondered if our professor believed that lucas was one of those less serious students he could intimidate into becoming more dedicated . 
 if so , i did n't want to be used as some sort of example . 
 as i walked out , i looked over my shoulder , but lucas did n't shift his gaze my way at all , and his expression was tense . 
 his coworker , wiping down a counter a few feet away , smirked at me . 
 when i left the high school two hours later , i switched on my phone , endeavoring to look forward to a weekend alone while it powered up . 
 clearly , the trip to starbucks was a bust . 
 lucas had been , if possible , even more puzzling and cagey than he was before . 
 while working on the project , i 'd emailed landon to thank him for sending the worksheet wednesday , and for insisting that i do it . 
 not wanting to trigger a possible guilt complex , i did n't directly refer to the tipoff he 'd knowingly given me , in case he was the rigorously honest type of guy he seemed to be . 
 i had n't heard from him since wednesday , but maybe he would email this afternoon or tonight . 
 maybe he 'd be free this weekend , and we could finally meet . 
 i had one text from erin that she and chaz had arrived in shreveport-along with lots of insinuation about what i could do with a room to myself , and mom had texted to ask about my thanksgiving plans . 
 kennedy and i had alternated spending the day at his house or mine the past three years . 
 somehow , this translated into confusion about whether or not i was coming home this year . 
 when i texted her back that yes , breaking up with a guy generally means no more shared holidays , i expected an apology to follow . 
 i should have known better . 
 mom : do n't be snippy . 
 your dad and i planned and paid for a trip to breckenridge that weekend , because we thought you could stay at the moore 's . 
 i guess we 'll have to cancel . 
 me : go ahead and go . 
 i 'll go home with erin or something . 
 mom : ok . 
 if you 're sure . 
 me : i 'm sure . 
 wow . 
 my boyfriend dumps me , and the first chance mom has to be tangibly supportive , she and dad are taking off alone to go skiing . 
 way to make me feel wanted and included , mom . 
 as if kennedy 's rejection was n't enough to deal with . 
 jesus . 
 i tossed my phone in an empty cup-holder and drove back to campus , prepared to watch reality tv and work on economics all weekend . 
 when i got to my room , i saw that lucas had texted while i was driving back . 
 lucas : sorry i did n't say goodbye me : it was awkward with dr. heller there i guess . 
 lucas : yeah . 
 lucas : so , i 'd like to sketch you . 
 me : oh ? 
 lucas : yeah me : okay . 
 not , like , sans clothes or anything right ? 
 lucas : haha no . 
 unless you 're up for that . 
 lucas : j/k . 
 is tonight ok ? 
 or tomorrow night ? 
 me : tonight is good . 
 lucas : cool . 
 i can be there in a couple of hours . 
 me : ok . 
 lucas : what 's your room number ? 
 me : 362 . 
 i 'll need to let you into the building . 
 lucas : i can probably get in . 
 i 'll text you if i ca n't . 
 chapter 8 lucas 's knock was light . 
 i was so nervous that i was trembling when i got up to answer the door . 
 he 'd said he wanted to sketch me , but i was n't sure if that 's all he wanted to do , or if it was code for more . 
 erin would never let me hear the end of it if i had him in our room and did n't at least get him to kiss me , though lucas did n't strike me as the sort of guy who usually had to stop at kissing . 
 plenty of girls saw college as some sort of exploratory period , and many would be more than happy to explore lucas . 
 but it had taken me over a year to work up to sex with kennedy , and he was the only guy i 'd ever slept with . 
 i was n't ready to go there with lucas , not yet anyway-rebound or not . 
 i took a breath . 
 he knocked again , a little harder , and i stopped thinking and opened the door . 
 fringes of dark hair stuck out from his dark gray beanie . 
 in the diffuse hallway lighting , his eyes took on the nearly colorless quality they 'd had that first night , when he peered into my truck after he 'd fought with buck . 
 he hunched his shoulders , hands in his front pockets , sketchpad under one arm . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 i stepped back into the room , holding the door wide . 
 olivia and rona lounged in their own doorway across the hall , eyeballing lucas , gaping at me , watching him enter my room while erin was gone . 
 olivia arched a brow and glanced at her roommate . 
 the whole floor would know i had a hot guy in my room within five minutes . 
 i let the door swing shut as lucas tossed his sketchpad on my bed and stood in the center of the room , which seemed to shrink with him in it . 
 without moving , he examined erin 's side of the room , the walls above her bed covered in photos , the greek letters of her sorority above the glittery letters of her name . 
 taking advantage of his distraction , i studied him : cowboy boots , scuffed to hell , worn jeans , heather gray hoodie . 
 he turned his head to scan my side of the room , and i stared at his profile-recently-shaved jaw , parted lips , dark eyelashes . 
 facing me , his eyes flicked over me and then to the laptop on my desk , which i 'd hooked to a small set of speakers . 
 i 'd set up a playlist of tracks from my collection and set it to play quietly . 
 another of erin 's suggestions . 
 she 'd titled the playlist obbp , and i belatedly hoped he did n't inspect the list and ask what that meant . 
 i would n't tell him , of course , but my blush-prone parts would probably incinerate . 
 `` i like this band . 
 did you see them last month ? '' 
 he asked . 
 kennedy and i had seen them , in fact-the night before we broke up . 
 they were one of our favorite local groups . 
 he 'd been weird that night . 
 distant . 
 at concerts , he 'd usually tuck my back to his chest , legs spread just enough to accommodate my feet between his , his arms locked around my middle . 
 instead , he 'd stood next to me , like we were friends . 
 after we broke up , i realized that he 'd made up his mind before that night-that his reserve was evidence of the wall between us ; i just had n't seen it yet . 
 i nodded , vanquishing kennedy from my thoughts . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't remember seeing you there-but it was dark , and i maybe had a beer or two . '' 
 he smiled-white teeth , just imperfect enough to indicate that he 'd not suffered through the orthodontics i had . 
 pulling off the cap and dropping it on my bed , he placed the pencil on his sketchbook and slid both hands through his flattened hair , and then shook it out , resulting in a bed-head look . 
 good god . 
 when he drew the hoodie over his head , his white t-shirt pulled up a bit with it , and i got my answer on how far the tattoos extended . 
 four lines of script , too small to read , snaked around his left side . 
 some sort of celtic-looking design balanced it on the right . 
 bonus : i now knew what erin meant by lickable abs . 
 the hoodie joined the cap , and his t-shirt fell back into place . 
 picking up the sketchbook and pencil , he turned to me , and i noted that the ink on his forearms continued over his biceps and under the short sleeves of his shirt . 
 `` where do you want me ? '' 
 more breathless than i 'd intended , my question seemed a brazen proposition . 
 wow . 
 could i be any more obvious ? 
 maybe i should just come out and ask him if he wanted to be my kennedy-rebound , no strings attached . 
 my insides went liquid from his ghost of a smile-the one that was becoming more and more familiar . 
 `` on the bed ? '' 
 he said , his voice gruff . 
 oh , god . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i moved to perch on the edge of the mattress as he swept the hoodie and the cap to the floor . 
 my heart was pounding , waiting . 
 he peered at me , head angling to the side . 
 `` um . 
 you look really uneasy . 
 we do n't have to do this if you do n't want to . '' 
 we do n't have to do what ? 
 i thought , wishing i could ask him if using me as a model was a pretense , and telling him that if so , it was a pretense he did n't need to maintain . 
 i looked him in the eye . 
 `` i want to . '' 
 he stuck the pencil over his ear , looking unconvinced . 
 `` mmm . 
 what position would be the most comfortable for you ? '' 
 i could n't say aloud the answers that popped into my head at that question , but the flush that spread across my face like wildfire gave me away . 
 he caught his lower lip in his teeth , and i was sure it was to contain a laugh . 
 most comfortable position ? 
 what about with my head stuck under a pillow ? 
 he glanced around my room and went to sit on the floor , against the wall , facing the foot of my bed . 
 knees up , pad on his thighs , he was just as i imagined him in class the other day . 
 except he was in my room , not his own . 
 `` lie down on your stomach and rest your head on your arms , facing me . '' 
 i did as he told me . 
 `` like this ? '' 
 he nodded , eyeing me as if absorbing details or searching for flaws . 
 coming onto his knees , he moved close enough to fan his fingers through my hair and let it fall over my shoulder . 
 `` perfect , '' he murmured , scooting back to his position against the wall , a few feet away . 
 i stared at him as he sketched , his eyes moving back and forth from my face to the pad . 
 at some point , his gaze began to move over the rest of me . 
 as if his fingertips skimmed over my shoulders and down my back , my breath caught in my throat and i shut my eyes . 
 `` falling asleep ? '' 
 his voice was soft . 
 near . 
 i opened my eyes to find him on his knees next to me , sitting back on his heels . 
 my heart picked up the pace again at his nearness . 
 `` no . '' 
 he 'd left the pad and pencil on the floor behind him . 
 `` are you ... done ? '' 
 he shook his head slightly . 
 `` no . 
 i 'd like to do another , if you do n't mind . '' 
 at my nod , he said , `` turn onto your back . '' 
 i rolled over slowly , afraid he 'd be able to see my heart hammering through my thin sweater . 
 he grabbed the pad and pencil from the floor and stood . 
 staring down , he let his eyes roam over me , and i felt vulnerable , but not in danger . 
 i knew so little about him , but there was one thing i felt unequivocally : safe . 
 `` i 'm going to arrange you , if that 's okay ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` uh ... sure . '' 
 my hands were clutched to my ribcage , my shoulders hunched almost to my ears . 
 what , this is n't how you want me positioned ? 
 i barely contained the nervous twitter that bubbled up at the thought . 
 his fingers encircled the wrist nearest him , and he brought my arm over my head , bent it as though it had been thrown back . 
 taking the opposite hand , he splayed my fingers over my abdomen , sat back , stared at me a moment , and then moved it , too , over my head , crossing my wrists , as though i was bound . 
 i struggled to breathe normally . 
 impossible . 
 `` i 'm going to move your leg , '' he said , his eyes on mine , waiting for my nod . 
 his hands on my knee , he angled it out , leaving it flush against the mattress . 
 he picked up the pad and turned the page . 
 `` now tilt your face toward me a bit-chin down-that 's good . 
 and shut your eyes . '' 
 i fought to remain relaxed , knowing that as long as i heard the scratch of his pencil across the page , he was n't going to touch me . 
 i lay unmoving , eyes closed , listening to the rasp of lead on paper , broken by the soft brush of his finger , smearing a line or a shadow . 
 from the laptop on my desk , my inbox dinged , and my eyes flashed open . 
 without thinking , i rose to my elbows . 
 landon ? 
 but there was no way i could check . 
 lucas was watching me closely . 
 `` do you need to check that ? '' 
 landon had ignored my email all afternoon , when in the past he 'd answered so promptly that i was probably spoiled . 
 but lucas was sitting in my room . 
 on my bed . 
 i lay back , returned my arms to their prior position , and i shook my head . 
 i did n't close my eyes this time , and he did n't ask me to . 
 he returned to sketching , concentrating on my hands a long while , and then my face . 
 he stared into my eyes , back and forth between that intense examination and his drawing . 
 when he stared at my mouth for long moments-drawing , staring , drawing , staring-i wanted to reach up , grab his t-shirt , and pull him down to me . 
 my hands clenched involuntarily and his gaze flicked there and back . 
 eyes blazing , he looked down at me . 
 `` jacqueline ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` the night we met-i 'm not like that guy . '' 
 his jaw was rigid . 
 `` i know tha - '' he placed a finger over my lips , his expression softening . 
 `` so i do n't want you to feel pressured . 
 or overpowered . 
 but i do , absolutely , want to kiss you right now . 
 badly . '' 
 he trailed his finger over my jaw and down my throat , and then into his lap . 
 i stared at him . 
 finally comprehending that he was waiting for a response , i said , `` okay . '' 
 he dropped the pad onto the floor and the pencil followed , his stare never unlocking from mine . 
 as he leaned over me , i felt a heightened awareness of every part of my body that touched a part of his-the edge of his hip pressed to mine , his chest sliding against mine , his fingers tracing from wrists to forearms and then framing my face . 
 he held me in place , lips near my ear . 
 when he kissed the sensitive spot , my breath shuddered . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' he whispered , moving his mouth to mine . 
 his lips were warm and firm , pressing against mine , and when his tongue began a gentle onslaught against the line of my lips , i opened them . 
 tongue delving into my mouth , his hands traveled in opposite directions-one to my still-crossed wrists , pressing them into the mattress above my head , one skimming down my side , digging into my waist . 
 he kissed me harder , claiming the responses he coaxed from me . 
 my head swam , and i was drawing in short bursts of air as if i was surfacing every few seconds before diving deeper . 
 just when i thought i could n't take the intensity , he lessened the pressure and sucked my lower lip softly , brushed his tongue over it , and then he repeated the movement . 
 i fidgeted beneath him and his tongue slipped between my lips again and repeated its closer examination-caressing my tongue , my teeth , the roof of my mouth . 
 if someone had asked , how does this compare to kissing kennedy ? 
 i would have answered , `` who ? '' 
 lucas 's hands each grasped a wrist and placed my arms around his neck . 
 responding by doing something i 'd dreamed of doing more than once , i pushed my hands into his hair , mussing it further . 
 he drew me up , scooping me onto his lap as he scooted his back against my pile of pillows at the head of the narrow bed , one booted foot still on the floor , the other drawn up under me . 
 leaning me back , his hand cradling my head , he kissed a path down my neck and into the v of my t-shirt . 
 my head fell back as i panted and tried to form a rational thought . 
 his hand drifted under my shirt to slide along my ribs , roaming over the satin cups of my bra , his fingertips skimming the skin above , the curves of flesh , the cl ** vage augmented by my folded-up position . 
 pushing the hem of the shirt above my br ** sts , he moved his lips to the places his fingers had been and ran his tongue along the line of skin just above the edge of my bra . 
 my hands tightened in his hair as his fingers skimmed the front clasp . 
 had n't i worn this easy-access bra for this very reason ? 
 my body wanted him , but my mind protested-a first kiss , to feeling me up , to-what ? 
 erin 's voice in my head said , rebound the hell out of him ! 
 and i choked an untimely laugh . 
 lucas raised his head and cocked an eyebrow at me . 
 `` ticklish ? '' 
 he asked , incredulous . 
 i was entirely horrified , and could n't imagine a bigger tragedy in that moment than having ticklish br ** sts-unless it was having the stupidest sense of humor on the planet . 
 i bit my lip , trying not to laugh again , thinking , oh my god . 
 i shook my head . 
 his gaze flicked to my teeth , clamped on my bottom lip . 
 `` you sure ? 
 because it 's either that ... or you find my seduction techniques ... humorous . '' 
 i barked another laugh , unable to contain it , and he shook his head as i sat on his lap , my chest half-bare , mortified . 
 i jerked my hand from his hair and slammed it over my imprudent mouth . 
 then , he smiled . 
 behind my palm , i smiled back , begging him silently not to make me laugh again-because just under the surface , the repressed hysterics were preparing to mutiny . 
 `` maybe i should just tickle you and get it over with . '' 
 he appeared to mull over the idea . 
 `` please do n't , '' i said , alarmed . 
 like most people , i was n't an attractive sight when tickled . 
 i knew this , because my aunt had filmed my jackass older cousin tickling me into a writhing , pleading mess on my eleventh birthday . 
 my face had turned a blotchy scarlet , spit trailing from the corner of my mouth , and the sounds of protestation i uttered were almost inhuman . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 please , no . '' 
 sighing , he took my hand from in front of my face and pressed it to his chest , leaning forward swiftly and kissing me . 
 i noticed he 'd carefully pulled my shirt back down , though that did n't stop him from stroking his fingertips across my abdomen beneath it , or palming my br ** sts through the bra , his thumb stroking over a nipple while his mouth moved with mine , leaving me lightheaded . 
 against my hand , his heart thumped in time with mine . 
 i forgot all about laughing . 
 *** my lips were sensitive and tingly . 
 touching them brought rushes of gooey memories-his hands , and what they 'd done in concert with his mouth-the crazy-making kisses , and the few words he 'd spoken . 
 you 're so beautiful . 
 i wanted to see the sketches , so he showed them to me . 
 they were good . 
 amazingly good . 
 i told him so and earned his barely-there smile . 
 `` what will you do with them ? '' 
 i asked , more than a little belatedly . 
 `` redo them in charcoal , probably . '' 
 i waited for more . 
 `` and then ? '' 
 he shrugged into his hoodie and stared down at me . 
 `` tack them to my bedroom wall ? '' 
 my lips parted , but i had no idea what to say . 
 bedroom wall ? 
 his eyes returned to the pad , turned to the second drawing . 
 `` who would n't want to wake up to this ? '' 
 that statement had a ninety-nine percent chance of meaning what it seemed to suggest , but i was n't sure enough to reply in kind , so i said nothing . 
 he closed the sketchpad and laid it on the bookcase near the door . 
 taking my chin in his hand , he rubbed his thumb across my lower lip , gently . 
 `` ah , crap . '' 
 he pulled his hand away and looked at his fingers . 
 `` i forgot what my hands look like after drawing . '' 
 he looked at my shirt . 
 `` you may have little gray marks ... everywhere . '' 
 assuming i now had a gray lip and possibly faint streaks of gray across my abdomen and the upper curves of my br ** sts , i could n't think what to say beyond , `` oh . '' 
 he balled his hands into fists , set one under my chin to raise it again and used the other to tug me closer . 
 `` do n't worry , no fingers . '' 
 dragging my body against his , he kissed me , his back against the door to my room . 
 in this position , there was no hiding what his body wanted from me . 
 i pressed against him and he groaned into my mouth and wrenched his mouth from mine , breathing raggedly . 
 `` i have to go now , or i 'm not going . '' 
 this was the moment for me to say stay , but i could n't . 
 kennedy flashed through my mind , saying something oh-so-similar not that long ago . 
 even more insane was the thought of landon , and a possible email waiting for me . 
 neither of those things should matter . 
 not in this moment . 
 lucas straightened and cleared his throat . 
 kissing my forehead and the tip of my nose , he opened the door . 
 `` later , '' he said , and was gone . 
 i gripped the doorframe and watched him walk away , pulling the beanie over his tousled hair . 
 every girl he passed glanced up . 
 some turned and watched until he reached the stairwell door , before whipping their heads around to see where he 'd come from . 
 i retreated into my room and left them to their speculation . 
 the interrupting email was n't from landon , it was from mom-and contained my parents ' itinerary for their ski trip to colorado . 
 a ski trip that i 'd not been invited to join . 
 a ski trip scheduled for the only mid-semester weekend i 'd planned to spend at home-a holiday weekend , no less . 
 still , i had a difficult time stirring up any real anger when i opened her email , for two reasons . 
 one , i was oddly disappointed that it was n't landon 's name in my inbox , and two , i was so high from being thoroughly kissed by lucas that i did n't care about a holiday eleven days in the future , or how i 'd be spending it . 
 *** by sunday evening , i was eating spoonfuls of peanut butter for dinner , watching he 's just not that into you , and telling myself i was clearly no exception to anyone 's rule . 
 landon still had n't emailed , and i had n't heard from lucas , either . 
 erin was due back any moment , and i was eager for her boisterous , colorful presence in our room . 
 too much quiet left me depressed and consuming condiments for meals . 
 my inbox dinged and i debated whether or not to pause the movie to check it . 
 i was n't in the mood for another of my mother 's efforts to shed her remorse about deserting me on a major holiday . 
 so far , she 'd tried logic -lrb- `` it was your year to go to kennedy 's . '' -rrb- 
 , emotional blackmail -lrb- `` your father and i have n't had a trip alone in twenty years . '' -rrb- 
 , and one grudging invitation to join them -lrb- `` i suppose we could get you a ticket . 
 but you 'd have to sleep on the sofa or a cot , because the rooms are undoubtedly booked . '' -rrb- . 
 i ignored the first two and said no , thanks to the third . 
 what next-an attempt to buy me off ? 
 a proposed shopping trip would n't be out of the question-she 'd used that before . 
 last week , i 'd bookmarked a pair of boots online that my private lesson pay and my allowance would n't quite cover . 
 i paused the movie and clicked my inbox . 
 jackpot . 
 but not mom . 
 landon . 
 jacqueline , i 'm glad you felt confident about the quiz . 
 whenever you get a draft of your paper together , i 'd be happy to look it over before you turn it in . 
 i 've attached the worksheet for tomorrow 's session , which i just finished making . 
 if you have any questions , let me know . 
 lm i reread the email , pouting . 
 there was nothing remotely flirtatious in it . 
 it could have come from a professor . 
 he did n't account for why it had taken him all weekend to answer me , when he usually answered within a couple of hours , if not sooner . 
 he did n't tease me about anything , or ask any non-econ related question . 
 i felt as though i 'd imagined every shred of familiarity we 'd developed over the past couple of weeks . 
 landon , thank you . 
 i 'll send the draft by saturday morning . 
 i hope you had an enjoyable weekend . 
 jw jacqueline , getting it to me by saturday is fine . 
 i 'll try to get it back to you quickly so you can get it in to dr. h before the break . 
 my weekend was good . 
 especially friday . 
 how was yours ? 
 lm landon , good . 
 a bit lonely -lrb- my roommate was out of town all weekend , and she just got home and is bursting to tell me all about it -rrb- , but productive . 
 thanks again for all your help . 
 jw chapter 9 once again , lucas was approached by a girl at the end of class . 
 what the hell ? 
 did every girl in our class feel a need to converse with him ? 
 but then a guy walked up next to her , his arm wrapping around her shoulder . 
 alarmed , i realized what my visceral reaction implied : jealousy . 
 over a guy i barely knew , with whom i 'd exchanged more saliva than sentences . 
 as i passed the last aisle , lucas gave me a tight smile with a slight lift of his chin and shifted his attention back to the couple in front of him . 
 conflicted , i was equal parts relieved and disappointed . 
 i asked erin 's advice over lunch . 
 `` he 's holding his cards damned close . '' 
 sipping her typical jamba juice lunch , she mulled over possible causes for his reserve . 
 `` it 's almost like ... he 's resisting being attracted to you . 
 do n't get me wrong , lots of guys get standoffish-but usually not until they 've closed the deal . '' 
 she gave me a close look . 
 `` are you sure nothing more happened friday night ? '' 
 i heaved a sigh and clunked my forehead with the heel of my hand . 
 `` oh yeah , i totally forgot that part where we had wild sex all night friday . '' 
 she rolled her eyes , and then her brows rose . 
 `` hey . 
 what if he has a girlfriend ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 i had n't considered that . 
 `` i guess that 's possible . '' 
 my mind went to one thing i could n't say : what if what happened the night we met made me appear as pathetic and foolish as i felt , and he could n't get past it ? 
 those terrifying minutes haunted me still , and running into buck a few days ago only amplified the threat . 
 it would n't be the last time i 'd see him . 
 he was in the same frat as kennedy . 
 he was friends with chaz and erin , and my entire former circle of friends . 
 he was almost unavoidable . 
 `` a girlfriend would definitely put a kink in our plans , '' erin mused . 
 out of the blue , i wondered if landon maxfield had a girlfriend . 
 he had n't mentioned one , but why would he ? 
 there was no reason for him to insert hey , btw , i have a girlfriend into one of our email exchanges . 
 i could find some way to ask . 
 he seemed so candid that i was sure he 'd answer . 
 `` j ? '' 
 erin 's voice broke into my thoughts . 
 `` huh ? 
 sorry . '' 
 she arched a brow , slurping up the last of her smoothie . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? 
 i know that calculating look , and as your official wing-woman , i need in on whatever you 're plotting . '' 
 i picked at the sandwich in my hand , pulling the tomatoes out and stacking them in the corner of my tray . 
 i could n't tell her about buck . 
 but i could confess my building interest in landon . 
 `` you know my economics tutor ? '' 
 she nodded , confused , and suddenly , forming an online-only attraction while attending a university where there were thousands of single guys seemed like the most ridiculous thing ever in the history of ridiculous things . 
 `` well , sometimes it seems like we 're flirting . 
 and once , he said kennedy was a moron . '' 
 she arched one brow . 
 `` he knows kennedy ? '' 
 `` no-i mean he said , ` your ex is a moron . ' 
 i do n't think he actually knows him . 
 it was more of a. . . 
 complimentary statement , to me . '' 
 i took a bite of my turkey-bacon-guacamole sandwich . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 erin leaned both elbows onto the table between us . 
 `` well , it 's a given that he ca n't be as hot as lucas . 
 but he 's a tutor , so he must be smart-god knows that 's right up your alley . 
 is he cute at all ? '' 
 `` er , '' i said , still chewing . 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` oh my god . 
 you 've never met him , have you ? '' 
 i closed my eyes and sighed . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` not exactly ? '' 
 `` okay , not at all . 
 i have no idea what he looks like , all right ? 
 but he 's intelligent and funny . 
 and he 's been really nice , and helped me so much-i 'm almost caught up in class , except for that project - '' `` jacqueline , you ca n't fall for a guy without ever seeing him ! 
 what if his looks are a deal-breaker ? 
 he could look like - '' she scanned the food court and zeroed in on a creepy-looking guy in a ratty t-shirt and sweats loping past our table '' - that guy . '' 
 i crossed my arms , offended on landon 's behalf . 
 `` that guy looks like a social outcast . 
 landon is too smart to look like that . '' 
 she covered her eyes and shook her head . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll make landon plan b. '' she eyed me , wearing her conspiracy-theory expression-eyes narrowed , lips puckered . 
 `` what do you really know about this landon guy ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` a lot more than i know about that lucas guy . '' 
 `` except what he looks and tastes like . '' 
 she waggled her brows . 
 `` ugh ! 
 erin . 
 you have a one-track mind . '' 
 she smiled deviously . 
 `` i prefer to think of it as target-driven . '' 
 we skipped the starbucks-part of erin 's plan , though she lamented the sacrifices she was making on my behalf as we choked down cups of cafeteria coffee . 
 leaving me with strict instructions not to text or email either of them , she gave me one swift hug before being swallowed by a group of her sorority sisters-all of whom acted as though we were distant acquaintances at best-as they set up an afternoon bake sale . 
 a month ago , i 'd been sanctioned as kennedy 's gdi girlfriend ; now i was only poor erin 's non-greek roommate . 
 *** laundry rooms were located on each floor of the dorm , but since everyone on my floor decided to run loads at the same time , the washers were all full . 
 heaving the overflowing mesh bag into the stairwell , i hopped it down the concrete steps one at a time , hoping the residents a floor down were less moved to cleanliness , at least tonight . 
 ten minutes later , i headed back upstairs with my empty bag . 
 stopping just inside the stairwell when my phone buzzed , i answered a message from maggie reminding me to email a link she needed for a spanish assignment we were doing together . 
 itching to text lucas or email landon , i shoved my phone down into my front pocket . 
 i 'd promised erin i 'd do neither . 
 she knew how boys ' minds worked , while my years with kennedy left me woefully unprepared for these sorts of complex maneuvers . 
 frankly , the rules for hooking up did n't seem that much less tricky to me than the rules for finding a committed relationship , but what did i know . 
 the door beneath me opened and shut as i rounded the corner , and ascending footsteps sounded behind me . 
 there were hundreds of residents in my building , and though we all used the elevator or the main stairs for coming and going from the building , most of us employed the persistently dank stairwell when moving between floors . 
 the creeped-out , claustrophobic sensation was something i felt every time , and i forced myself not to sprint for the door at the top . 
 i jerked to a stop , realizing that i was moving forward , but my laundry bag was n't . 
 assuming it was hooked on the handrail , i turned to liberate it and was almost eye to eye with buck . 
 the end of the bag was caught in his fist . 
 i gasped and my heart stopped , as though the moment was suspended in slow-motion , and then it began pounding like heavy machinery in my chest . 
 he stepped up to the stair just beneath me-and sneered down at me . 
 `` hey jackie . '' 
 bile rose in my throat at the sound of his voice , and i swallowed . 
 `` or no . 
 i guess it 's jacqueline now , right ? 
 is n't that what you said ? 
 a rose by any other name would smell as sweet ... '' when he leaned closer , i tried to back up the stairs and tripped , sprawling . 
 i used the opportunity to scramble backwards and up toward the door , but he reached down and pulled me up easily , both hands gripping my shoulders . 
 `` do n't touch me , '' i choked . 
 he smiled as though he was hypnotizing small , trapped prey . 
 toying with me . 
 `` c'mon , jacqueline , do n't be like that . 
 you 've always been real nice to me . 
 i just want you to be a little bit nicer , that 's all . '' 
 his words were n't slurred this time . 
 he was sober and resolute , and the malevolence in his eyes told me that i would pay for my escape the night of the party . 
 i would pay for what lucas had done . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm saying no , buck . 
 just like last time . '' 
 his eyes narrowed , and i could barely hear the curse he hissed from the blood pulsing through my ears . 
 run . 
 run . 
 run , it seemed to say , and i wished i could obey . 
 i let go of the bag , and it fell at our feet . 
 `` i know what happened that night was n't your fault . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're a pretty girl , and obviously that guy had the same idea i did . 
 he just got the jump on me 'cause i 'd been drinking . '' 
 his breath fell over my face , hot , not a trace of alcohol . 
 he would n't trip if i twisted from his grip and ran . 
 `` so did he f ** k you in your truck , or did you let him take you back to your room ? 
 i know erin was with chaz that night . 
 just like she 'll be tonight . '' 
 i flinched from his vulgar words . 
 i had n't gotten a text from erin yet , but it was n't impossible that she was staying with chaz tonight , or that buck would know before i would . 
 one arm snaked around and grasped my hip , squeezing it painfully . 
 the pain was nothing compared to the degradation of being pawed against my will . 
 `` the stairwell is rank and uncomfortable , but doable . 
 why do n't we go to your room , instead ? 
 i 'll make it good for you , baby . '' 
 his threat was obvious . 
 if i said no , he would rape me right here . 
 `` s-someone could come into the stairwell any moment . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` true . 
 too bad you are n't wearing that little skirt you had on the other night . 
 i could put you against this wall and do you in two minutes without taking a thing off of you . '' 
 my head spun . 
 i strained against him , trying to move , even just a little , but could n't . 
 `` would n't be the first time i 've been caught with some hot little freak in an off-the-wall position . 
 and hey-bonus-if you want to get kennedy back for dumping you , then turning into the girl who 'll do anything , anywhere , with anyone , would make him crazy . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you already started with that piece of shit-and who knows who else ? 
 so we can do it here , if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , and his eyes flared . 
 `` my room . '' 
 my breath panted out , shaky and hopefully mistaken for horniness in his pea-brained assessment . 
 he smiled , and i almost threw up . 
 i 've never wanted to vomit more , but my body fought it down instinctively . 
 arm around my waist , he turned me toward the door at the top , grabbing the laundry bag from the floor . 
 i asked myself if i was willing to do what i was about to do . 
 if i was prepared to scream , fight and claw him in the hallway , humiliate myself in front of everyone , in hopes that he would n't succeed in getting me into my room . 
 if he did that , i was done for . 
 the walls were n't sound-proof , but everyone was used to hearing all sorts of noises emanating from neighboring rooms . 
 if anyone even heard anything over their music , televisions and video games , they 'd likely think nothing of it . 
 we emerged into the hallway , and i evaluated the people i was about to depend on . 
 my room was six doors from the stairwell . 
 two guys at the opposite end of the hall were practicing kick-flips on a skateboard . 
 olivia stood in the middle of the hall , talking to joe , a guy from the fourth floor . 
 when she spotted us , her mouth dropped open before she snapped it closed , and joe looked over his shoulder , lifted his chin at buck , and turned back to her with a low chuckle . 
 this was bad . 
 kimber , who roomed two doors down , came into the hallway with her laundry . 
 i stopped . 
 it was now or never . 
 buck took a step forward before realizing i was holding my ground . 
 he turned back toward me . 
 `` c'mon , j , '' he coaxed . 
 `` no . 
 you are n't going into my room , buck . 
 i want you to leave now . '' 
 the shock registered on his face . 
 kimber , olivia and joe froze , waiting to witness firsthand whatever was about to go down . 
 buck 's hand was at my elbow . 
 `` that 's not what you said a few minutes ago , babe . 
 let 's have this talk in private . '' 
 he tried to pull me forward , but i wrenched my arm from his meaty hand . 
 `` i want you to leave . 
 now . '' 
 i glared , my chest heaving . 
 indecision played across his features . 
 five people were watching . 
 he put both hands up , palms out . 
 `` do n't be mad , okay ? 
 i tried to tell you that brick would be cold and rough . 
 it 's not my fault you could n't wait five minutes . '' 
 tossing the bag over my shoulder , he said , `` call me later when you cool down , pretty girl . '' 
 he bumped fists with joe and sauntered to the stairwell , and i waited until he disappeared through the door to move . 
 my face burning , i unlocked my door while olivia whispered not-so-discreetly behind me . 
 `` ohmygod , they just did it in the stairwell ? 
 she had some other guy in her room like , friday night ! 
 i wonder if she was screwing around on kennedy and that 's why he - '' i shut my door , leaned against it , and slid to the floor , quaking . 
 tears skated in tracks down my face and my breath shuddered out , leaving my chest aching . 
 i wanted to run away . 
 to go home . 
 to be ignorant of getting dumped , of having my dreams dashed , of constantly feeling too inexperienced and stupid to deal with my own life . 
 i 'd outwitted buck this time , making it twice that he 'd not gotten what he wanted , and he was pissed . 
 popular and good-looking , he could almost take his pick of girls , and from what i 'd heard and witnessed , he used that advantage to the fullest . 
 i was no prettier than girls like olivia , who constantly threw themselves in his path . 
 there was no reason for him to fixate on me . 
 there had been some early rivalry between buck and kennedy , but i could n't remember what it was . 
 something that happened when they were pledges . 
 would he harass me like this because of some grudge against my ex ? 
 he might , if he thought he could get under kennedy 's skin by doing it . 
 i was going to have to tell erin . 
 she would be furious with me for keeping this to myself , and i dreaded her reaction , but i had no choice . 
 not anymore . 
 me : i need to talk to you . 
 erin : i need to talk to you too ! 
 meet me in our room after your class . 
 `` jacqueline , did you hook up with buck last night ? '' 
 erin hissed as the door to our room shut behind her . 
 i imagined i could feel the blood draining from my face . 
 `` where did you hear that ? '' 
 she made a noise-pshh . 
 `` where did i not hear it ? 
 why did n't you tell me this morning during astronomy ? 
 and why buck of all people ? 
 i mean he 's hot and all - '' `` i did n't . '' 
 i swallowed with difficulty , and my eyes were filling . 
 `` i did n't , erin . '' 
 she blinked at my expression and crossed the room in three strides , grabbing my arms . 
 `` j , what 's the matter ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i sunk onto my bed and she sat with me , her eyes wide . 
 `` i. . . 
 have to tell you something . '' 
 `` okay ... i 'm listening ... '' where to start ? 
 last night ? 
 two weeks ago ? 
 `` when i left the halloween party early-a couple of weeks ago ? 
 buck followed me . '' 
 i chewed a loose piece of skin on my lip and knew it was bleeding . 
 the taste of blood brought that night back more vividly and my face flushed hot . 
 `` he was drunk . 
 he pushed me into my truck . '' 
 i held myself rigidly , forcing the words out as her mouth fell open . 
 `` he what ? '' 
 her grip on my arm tightened . 
 `` he was going to r-rape me - '' `` going to ? '' 
 i shut my eyes . 
 licked the blood from my lip . 
 `` lucas showed up out of nowhere . 
 he stopped him . '' 
 `` oh my f ** king god . '' 
 in the silence that followed , i finally opened my eyes . 
 erin still gripped one of my arms as she stared at the worn carpet beneath our feet . 
 `` do you believe me ? '' 
 the tears would n't stay dammed , though i felt sure i would run dry soon . 
 the last time i cried-before kennedy broke up with me , before the past month-had been over a year ago , when i fractured my femur snowboarding . 
 before that , when our old dog , cissie , died . 
 `` jacqueline , how can you-of course i believe you ! 
 what kind of question is that ? '' 
 she glared at me , insulted . 
 `` and by the way , why the hell did n't you tell me this before now ? 
 because you did n't think i 'd believe you ? '' 
 her lip quivered , transforming her expression from offended to injured . 
 `` chaz and buck are best friends , and i thought i could just ... avoid him ... '' `` jacqueline , this is exactly the sort of stuff women need to share with each other ! 
 i do n't give a shit if he was drunk - '' `` there 's more . '' 
 she sat , staring and silent . 
 `` last night , he caught me in the stairwell . '' 
 erin 's eyes grew round and i shook my head . 
 `` nothing happened . 
 i tricked him into coming upstairs by saying we could go to my room . 
 when we got into the hallway , with other people around , i told him to leave . '' 
 i covered my face with my hands and choked out the rest . 
 `` he made it sound like we 'd done it in the stairwell . 
 olivia heard him - '' `` i get the picture , '' erin said , grabbing my hands . 
 `` that gossipy whore has no right to spread rumors about anyone . 
 i do n't care about her . 
 but be honest with me , j . 
 did he hurt you ? 
 did he ? '' 
 her eyes flashed . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he just scared me . '' 
 she sighed , her forehead creased in thought , and then she straightened . 
 `` wait . 
 so that lying bastard ran into lucas 's fists multiple times , not a couple of homeless thugs ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the hurt crept across her face-i could see it in her eyes . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 my shoulders slid up and down , almost imperceptibly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 her answer was to put her arms around me . 
 `` and lucas ? 
 you knew him before all of this ? '' 
 i leaned against her , tucked my head under her chin . 
 `` no . 
 i 'd never seen him before that night . 
 our econ class is huge , and it 's not like i was looking around at other guys . 
 i had kennedy . '' 
 my hands flipped palm up on my lap . 
 `` or , i thought i did . '' 
 erin 's arms tightened . 
 `` of course you did . '' 
 chapter 10 `` do you go to the tutoring sessions ? 
 i 've only been a couple of times , but i do n't remember seeing you there . '' 
 benji 's voice snapped my attention from lucas . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he chuckled as i shoved my econ text into the backpack at my feet , embarrassed at having been caught sneaking a glance at lucas . 
 again . 
 `` tutoring sessions ? 
 i wish i could , but i have another class at the same time . 
 we 've emailed , though-i needed help catching up , after my two-week hiatus from sanity . '' 
 suddenly i realized-if benji had attended the tutoring sessions , that meant he had seen landon . 
 i 'd also deduced , from a few deliberately transparent comments , that benji was gay . 
 so he might not be opposed to answering questions such as exactly how hot is the econ tutor ? 
 `` so you 've been to a couple of sessions , huh ? '' 
 he nodded , and i decided to start with something way more fundamental . 
 `` is there any chance the tutor is , you know , gay ? '' 
 i held my breath , waiting for his answer . 
 `` what , like i hand out a survey ? '' 
 he laughed when i blinked , worried i 'd just offended him . 
 `` i 'm just messing with ya . 
 i 'm pretty sure he does n't play for my team . 
 though if he did , he 'd be a little out of my league . '' 
 he sucked in and patted his stomach , which was made somewhat flat by his efforts . 
 `` nothing a couple of weeks at the gym and giving up bread for the weekend would n't take care of . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i love being a guy . 
 need to lose five pounds ? 
 go without ketchup for a couple of weeks . 
 problem . 
 solved . '' 
 we shouldered our backpacks and trudged up the stairs . 
 `` i really hate you right now . '' 
 he laughed , more so when my eyes scanned the space between lucas 's seat and the door . 
 he was gone . 
 `` so , you 're trading emails and intense do-me stares in class . 
 i 'm guessing you are n't the only girl-or guy-in heller 's class who thinks the tutor 's hot like a spicy tamale-but you may be the only one where the feeling is mutual . '' 
 i heard his teasing words , but nothing registered after i made the connection that had been right in from of me . 
 `` lucas ... is the tutor ? '' 
 benji halted with me , both of us buffeted by people parting around us . 
 `` i did n't know his name , but yeah-holy shit . '' 
 he dragged me from the heavy flow of foot traffic . 
 `` you did n't know he was the tutor ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i guess you 'll be going to the sessions now , huh ? 
 i mean , technically , you 're off-limits , but you are n't the only one in that staring game or i would n't tease you . '' 
 he leaned his face down and looked into my eyes . 
 `` jacqueline ? 
 what the hell ? '' 
 i considered the emails he wrote to me as landon , and lucas 's stares , his texts ... and most notably , the sketching and makeout session five days ago . 
 after which he had n't texted . 
 or emailed . 
 or told me he was landon ! 
 `` i did n't know . '' 
 like i needed one more damned thing to make me feel like an utter idiot . 
 `` hello , ms. obvious , i sorta deduced that from your dazed and confused expression . 
 maybe he thought you knew ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he knew i did n't know . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` and what do you mean , that i 'm off-limits ? '' 
 he lifted one shoulder . 
 `` my roommate tutored freshman chemistry . 
 tutors have to attend the class they 're doing sessions for , but they are n't allowed to , you know , fraternize with those students . 
 conflict of interest . 
 not as big of a deal as gtas or professors-who are advised against hooking up with any student at all . 
 still , it 's not like it does n't happen . 
 we 're all human . '' 
 i stared at the floor . 
 `` am i just completely freaking clueless ? 
 how did i not know ? '' 
 benji tucked a finger under my chin . 
 `` um . 
 i 'm getting the distinct feeling there 's been some fraternizing going on . '' 
 he sighed at the look on my face . 
 `` look , if you never attended a tutoring session , and neither of his alter egos told you he was the same guy , how were you supposed to know , exactly ? '' 
 the tension in my shoulders deflated . 
 `` i guess you 're right . '' 
 `` of course i 'm right . 
 now what ? '' 
 my jaw locked . 
 `` no idea . 
 but one thing 's for sure-i 'm not telling him i know . '' 
 benji shook his head , one arm around my shoulders as we merged back into the stream of students . 
 `` when i registered for econ , i had no idea that i 'd be in for this level of reality-show drama . 
 it 's like a big fat bonus . '' 
 *** erin : i signed us up for a self-defense class me : what ?? 
 erin : put on by the campus po-po . 
 saturdays 9-noon , starts this week , skips the weekend after thanksgiving , then 2 more . 
 me : okay . 
 erin : we get to beat the shit outta guys in those big puffy suits !!! 
 i 've always wanted to really kick the crap outta some guy 's nuts . 
 now i can do it guilt-free ! 
 me : you 're a sick girl . 
 erin : guilty as charged . 
 : -rrb- *** on friday , i did n't look in landon/lucas 's direction once . 
 not one single time . 
 it had been a week since our university-prohibited makeout . 
 was that the pull for him ? 
 that i was forbidden fruit ? 
 i 'd show him forbidden . 
 when we were packing up , benji looked over my shoulder , his eyebrows rising into the dark curls falling over his forehead . 
 `` hey , jackie . '' 
 kennedy had n't spoken to me in over a month , the last words between us involving a trite cliche and the very textbook i was currently holding . 
 i pulled a steadying breath through my nose and turned . 
 `` kennedy . '' 
 i waited , sure he had some reason to approach me , though i had no idea what it was . 
 `` are you heading home for thanksgiving ? 
 if so , we should carpool . 
 you know , make that four-hour drive a little less monotonous . '' 
 `` you want us to drive home ... together ? '' 
 he shrugged and flicked his head to the side with a faintly dimpled smile . 
 kennedy tossing his hair out of his eyes was an arresting sight , and he damn well knew it . 
 at the moment , though , it kind of pissed me off . 
 benji cleared his throat and touched my elbow . 
 `` see ya monday , jacqueline . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` have a good weekend , benjamin . '' 
 he winked at me and bumped by kennedy without apology . 
 `` what 's his deal ? '' 
 my ex scowled . 
 `` what do you really want , kennedy ? '' 
 i shifted my backpack and stared up at him , conflicted by my contradictory desires in that moment . 
 i wanted to punch him in the face . 
 i wanted to fall into his arms and wake up from the nightmare of him casting me aside . 
 `` i 'd like for us to be friends at the end of this . 
 you mean a lot to me . '' 
 the gentleness in his eyes was almost a physical caress . 
 i 'd known him so well , and for so long . 
 this speech was unanticipated-too much , too soon . 
 my eyes teared up . 
 `` i do n't know if i can ever do that , kennedy . 
 and i do n't want to drive home with you next week . 
 excuse me . '' 
 i edged around him and started up the aisle to the door . 
 `` jackie - '' `` it 's jacqueline , '' i said without turning , leaving him behind . 
 *** landon , i 'm sending this a little early , though of course i do n't imagine you 're sitting around on a friday night waiting for economics projects to pour in . 
 but i 'm going to be busy tomorrow morning , so i thought i 'd go ahead and send it . 
 thank you again for looking it over before i turn it in . 
 jw jacqueline , as a matter of fact , you 've distracted/saved me -lrb- temporarily , at least -rrb- from an infuriating search for a bug somewhere within hundreds of lines of code that does n't quite work . 
 i 'd much rather look over your econ project . 
 i 'll have it back to you by sunday evening , if not sooner . 
 lm i stared at the l of his signature , picturing him as the guy i knew he was-lucas . 
 as landon , his flirting had been subtle ; as lucas , it was overt . 
 what game was he playing ? 
 i had no way of knowing if this situation was a first for him , or if he frequently stepped outside of those tutor-student boundaries . 
 the night we met , that horrible night , he 'd known who i was . 
 he 'd called me jackie , the name he must have heard kennedy call me . 
 when i first emailed him for economics help , he must have known , too , but he gave me no hint . 
 according to the university 's website , restrictions on socializing were to protect-or prevent-students from trading sexual favors for grades , or the appearance of such a thing . 
 but landon was helping me learn the material , and i was doing the work . 
 when it came to my grade in dr. heller 's class , there was nothing improper going on . 
 he knew it . 
 i knew it . 
 but even consensual fraternization , as benji called it , was theoretically against the rules . 
 i could get landon maxfield in serious trouble . 
 when he came to my room , i thought he was just another student in the class , and he 'd continued that deception . 
 he 'd kissed me , touched me , and i 'd let him . 
 i 'd wanted him to . 
 i shut my laptop and stared at my phone . 
 we 'd made out a week ago . 
 here , in my room . 
 and had n't texted me once since then . 
 i wanted to know why . 
 me : did i do something wrong ? 
 i waited several minutes , looking at photos on my phone-many of which included kennedy . 
 i wondered if it was weakness that made it tough to delete them , or if i just wanted to keep the evidence that we 'd seemed in love-that we 'd looked in love , even while it was all ending . 
 lucas : no . 
 been busy . 
 what 's up ? 
 me : i guess you have n't had time to redo the sketches . 
 lucas : actually , i did one of them . 
 i 'd like you to see it . 
 me : i 'd like to see it . 
 is it tacked to your wall ? 
 lucas : yes . 
 lucas : listen , i 'm out right now , ttyl ? 
 me : sure according to his email , he was working on what sounded like a huge cse project , and according to his text , he was out partying . 
 i had no idea which was true . 
 i 'd believe he was blowing me off ... except for this : i 'd like you to see it . 
 i reread the text , opened my laptop and reread his email , but felt no closer to figuring him out . 
 *** erin came storming into our room at 1:00 am , on her cell . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i think you do n't respect my opinion about a lot of things . '' 
 luckily , i was awake , watching online video clips of self-defense classes . 
 despite erin 's eagerness for nut-kicking and my own need to learn this stuff , the last thing i wanted to do in the morning was get up and go punch and kick some guy in a puffy suit . 
 i could n't see how that would correlate into getting away from someone like buck . 
 if i 'd have been able to break his grip on me either night , let alone kick him , i would have . 
 the door shut behind my clearly furious roommate as she flung her bag onto her bed , kicking off her heeled pumps . 
 `` well , i ca n't be with someone who 's decided to stand behind a f ** king rapist . '' 
 oh , god . 
 i closed out of youtube and pushed my laptop off my lap . 
 `` yes , chaz , that 's what i really think . '' 
 she unbuttoned her white blouse so forcefully , i was sure she would rip off a button or two . 
 `` fine . 
 think whatever you want . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 punching her phone , she growled at it and tossed it on her bed before turning to me , yanking her shirt off . 
 `` well . 
 i guess that 's over . '' 
 my mouth agape , i sat , speechless , while she shoved her black skirt down over her h * ps and kicked it in the general direction of the laundry hamper . 
 she slipped bracelets from her arms and removed her earrings , dropping them on a desk littered with jewelry , tarot cards , gum packets and paperback novels . 
 `` erin , did you just-break up with chaz ? 
 over me ? '' 
 she pulled on a t-shirt that fell to mid-thigh and clearly belonged to chaz . 
 scowling , she ripped it back over her head , wadded it up and hurled it . 
 `` no . 
 i broke up with chaz because he 's a f ** king twat-headed jackass . '' 
 `` but - '' `` jacqueline . '' 
 she held up one palm like a traffic cop signaling stop . 
 `` do n't say it . 
 i broke up with chaz because he proved what 's important to him . 
 ` bros before hos . ' 
 well f ** k that . 
 i wo n't come second to a bunch of his dumbass friends , and i certainly wo n't come second to some dickhead who 's a walking affront to all women . 
 besides ... it was never gon na be a permanent thing , right ? 
 who does that in college anyway ? '' 
 she spun around and rummaged through the top drawer of our tiny built-in wardrobe , ostensibly searching for a non-previously-chaz-owned t-shirt . 
 i heard one muffled sniff and knew she was crying . 
 damn chaz . 
 damn buck . 
 damn lucas/landon/whoever the hell he was . 
 *** the campus `` self-defense for women '' classes were held in one of the classrooms on the first floor of the activities building . 
 we found the room and i tossed my coffee cup in the hallway trash can , erin yawning after a sleepless night-which i knew because her restless fidgeting and sniffling had kept me awake . 
 around 4:00 am , she 'd crawled into bed with me , curling into spoon position against me as i swept the hair back from her face . 
 mercifully , she 'd fallen asleep almost immediately , and i 'd followed suit . 
 `` hey . 
 is n't that - ? '' 
 erin spoke without moving her lips , like a ventriloquist . 
 clad in black sweat pants and a black t-shirt , lucas stood at the front of the room with two older men . 
 `` yes , '' i hissed as we took our seats and i stared down at the packet of course material , the cover of which depicted a man attacking a woman who was poised to defend herself . 
 `` erin , i do n't think i can do this . '' 
 `` yes you can , '' she countered , so quickly that she must have been anticipating my response . 
 `` good morning , ladies . '' 
 the smaller , older guy began , silencing any further protest from me . 
 `` i 'm ralph watts , the assistant chief of police on campus . 
 this feeble-looking guy to my left is sergeant don , and the ugly one is lucas , one of our parking enforcement officers . '' 
 everyone chuckled , as don and lucas were far from feeble or ugly . 
 `` we 're pleased that you 've given up a saturday mornings to increase your knowledge of personal safety . '' 
 i snuck a look at erin when she nudged me with her knee . 
 `` parking enforcement officer ? 
 jesus , how many jobs does he have ? '' 
 she mumbled from the side of her mouth . 
 `` no shit , '' i mumbled back . 
 she did n't even know about the tutoring job . 
 `` could be hot ... '' she whispered . 
 `` especially if there 's a uniform . 
 or handcuffs . '' 
 i sighed . 
 glancing around the semi-circle of folding chairs , i noted that there were only about a dozen of us-a mix of students , professors and administrative staff . 
 the oldest was a white-headed black woman who had to be the age of my grandmother . 
 i told myself that if she could come in here to learn how to kick potential r ** ist ass , so could i. even if lucas was standing across the room , alternately staring at me and avoiding my eyes completely . 
 the first hour and a half , basic self-defense principles were discussed . 
 ralph told us that ninety percent of self-defense involves reducing the risk of attack in the first place . 
 `` in an ideal world , we could all go about our business without fear of being assaulted . 
 unfortunately , that ideal is not representative of reality . '' 
 my face heating , i recalled lucas admonishing me for walking across the dark parking lot behind the frat house texting , instead of paying attention to my surroundings . 
 i circled `` 90 % '' in blue ink until i 'd obscured the words on either side . 
 but then i remembered the last thing he 'd said that night : it was n't your fault . 
 we were encouraged to propose safety prevention suggestions , and write them all down-locking doors , walking or exercising with a friend , wearing shoes that do n't hinder running . 
 erin 's suggestion of `` avoid a ** holes '' was popular . 
 `` three things are necessary for an assault : an assailant , a victim , and opportunity . 
 remove opportunity and you take a huge leap in reducing the likelihood of the assault . '' 
 ralph clapped his hands together once . 
 `` alrighty , let 's take a short break , and when we come back , it 's time to do some of the butt-kicking you ladies signed up to inflict on don and lucas . '' 
 chapter 11 `` many of you are probably convinced that without a weapon , you have no hope against an aggressive male . '' 
 ralph spoke from the opposite side of a set of mats on which don and lucas faced each other . 
 the rest of us spread out along the outer edge of the mats , prepared to watch whatever they were about to do . 
 lucas still had n't acknowledged my presence . 
 `` the truth is , you have several weapons at your disposal , and we 're gon na show you how to utilize them to your best advantage . 
 big , mean don here will be the assailant , and lucas , with all that pretty hair , will be the intended victim . '' 
 giggling erupted from several girls standing near lucas as he pinned his lips together in good-natured irritation and raked his dark hair back out of his face . 
 `` your weapons are your hands , feet , knees and elbows , and your head-and i do n't just mean what 's inside it , although that comes into play . 
 your forehead and the back of your head , when they come into contact with susceptible areas on your assailant , can leave him seeing stars . '' 
 using don as an example , he pointed out the obvious vulnerable spots -lrb- `` yes , '' erin hissed when he indicated the groin -rrb- , and then the less obvious places , like the top of the foot and the forearm . 
 ralph called out the moves lucas employed to defend himself as he and don acted out half a dozen choreographed attacks , time-lapsed to clearly demonstrate what they were doing . 
 i felt more hopeless , not less , as i watched them . 
 lucas 's muscular body was trained to execute those blocks and hits , to absorb blows from an assailant . 
 i 'd watched him beat the crap out of buck-when i could barely dislodge him long enough to scream , let alone inflict any damage . 
 `` the goal here is not to beat the guy up . '' 
 ralph smiled at erin 's disappointed grumble . 
 `` our objective is to give you time to escape . 
 gettin ' the hell outta dodge is your goal . '' 
 we divided into pairs to practice wrist blocks and parries . 
 the three instructors circled the room , assisting and repositioning . 
 i was relieved when don walked up to watch erin and me as we took turns trying to slow-motion slap each other . 
 `` keep your eyes on the assailant , '' he reminded me . 
 he turned to erin . 
 `` put a little more oomph into that attack . 
 she can block it . '' 
 i was shocked to find he was right . 
 erin almost hit me the second time because i was so surprised i 'd completely blocked her first attempt . 
 don nodded . 
 `` good job . '' 
 we smiled stupidly at each other and switched assailant and victim roles . 
 `` so when do we get to the junk-kicking ? '' 
 erin asked . 
 don shook his head and sighed . 
 `` i swear , there 's one in every class . 
 kicks will be next time . '' 
 he pointed at her . 
 `` and i 'm makin ' sure you 're in lucas 's line for that . '' 
 she put on her innocent face . 
 `` do n't y ' all wear those padded michelin-man suits ? '' 
 `` yes ... but those pads do n't block all feeling . '' 
 `` heh-heh , '' erin said , and don quirked one eyebrow at her . 
 i looked around the room during this exchange , watching lucas with a couple of the giggly girls . 
 `` like this ? '' 
 one of them asked , blinking up at him like she did n't know she 'd positioned her hand incorrectly . 
 `` no ... '' he turned her palm around and adjusted her elbow . 
 `` like that . '' 
 his voice was almost inaudible with all of the slapping , blocking and laughter scattered through the wide-open room . 
 even still , i felt his words like a soft stroke down my back . 
 i could hardly connect this guy-his shaggy hair , his tattoos , the pure sexuality in the way he walked and the low thrum of his voice-with landon , an engineering senior who said-or wrote-that my ex was a moron and teased me about 14-year-old orchestra students crushing on me . 
 all while helping me pass a class i 'd have failed without him . 
 i was attracted to the whole of him-each side incongruent with the other . 
 but the whole of him was also a liar . 
 the fact that our professor called him by a different name than the assistant chief of police was perplexing , too . 
 the preface of his official email address was lmaxfield . 
 no help there . 
 he looked up and caught me staring , and for the first time that morning , neither of us looked away until erin said , `` j-pay attention ! 
 just try to slap me . '' 
 i broke the stare and turned to her . 
 she moved around to face me , her back to lucas , and rolled her eyes . 
 `` does the concept of playing hard-to-get totally escape you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` let . 
 him . 
 chase . '' 
 `` i 'm not playing that game any longer . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder and back . 
 `` girlfriend , i do n't think he knows that . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 we practiced defensive stances and simple hand strikes , and though i felt silly at first , erin and i were soon yelling , `` no ! '' 
 along with our classmates , and shoving the heels of our hands into each other 's chins or hammering a fist -lrb- very slowly -rrb- down onto each other 's noses . 
 `` the last thing today will be ground defense . 
 we 'll watch don and lucas illustrate the first position and defense , and then each pair come grab a mat and we 'll circulate while you practice . '' 
 lucas lay face down on the mat and don knelt over him , holding him down with his weight . 
 my heart rate spiked and my breaths came irregularly , just watching . 
 i did n't want to be in that position again . 
 i could n't do it in front of a classroom of people . 
 i could n't do it in front of lucas . 
 erin uncurled my fist with her fingers and took my hand . 
 `` j , you 've got ta do this one . 
 you be the attacker first . 
 it 'll be okay . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't want to . 
 it 's too much like - '' i swallowed . 
 `` which is exactly why you 've got to do it . '' 
 before i said anything else , she squeezed my hand . 
 `` hey , help me do it , okay ? 
 and then we 'll see how you feel . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i helped erin , but i could only stand to play the victim once . 
 i did the moves-and dislodged her fairly easily . 
 as an ex-cheerleader , erin was strong , but she was no buck . 
 i had no faith that this move would dislodge someone of his size and strength . 
 i could n't look at lucas-not during this final exercise , and not as we filed out the door . 
 *** `` you sure you do n't wan na go ? 
 i could use you to keep me from testing those moves we learned this morning on chaz , if he has the balls to show up at this party . '' 
 i looked up from the novel i was reading , because landon still had n't sent my econ project back -lrb- funny how i continued to think of him in terms of lucas and landon -rrb- , and i was weirdly caught up on homework . 
 my roommate had never understood my compulsion to read when i had free time , especially if there were campus social events to attend . 
 `` no , erin , i really do n't want to go to a sorority thing , believe it or not . 
 not to mention the fact that no one would be thrilled to see me there . '' 
 hands on hips , she frowned down at me . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 but you 're coming with me to the brotherhood bash in a couple of weeks , right ? 
 bitches got nothing to say about me bringing you then-frat rules apply-additional booze and broads welcome . '' 
 `` aww , what a sweet and not at all demeaning sentiment . '' 
 she laughed while she pulled on platform heels . 
 `` i know , right ? 
 what a bunch of pricks . '' 
 her smile fell . 
 `` seriously , though , i could use a buffer between me and chaz that night . 
 not that he 'll , you know , bother me . 
 but i know some girls who 've just been waiting for me to be out of the way . 
 they 'll be on him like ticks on a country dog , and i really do n't wan na see it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i understand-and eww on that visual ... though it 's revoltingly appropriate . 
 ca n't you just skip the brotherhood thing ? 
 you could have the asian flu . 
 or malaria . 
 i 'll vouch . '' 
 tossing her hair over her shoulder , she grabbed her purse and walked to the door like a runway model-not the slightest wobble . 
 `` nope . 
 it 's a huge deal . 
 besides , i 've got ta face it sometime . 
 plus , i already rsvp 'd for us both . 
 and i have a couple of weeks to mentally prepare for it . '' 
 she yanked the door open . 
 `` we 're going power shopping after break , though . 
 i 'm gon na make that a ** hole gnaw his own hand off that night , dammit . '' 
 as the door shut behind her , my phone trilled a text alert . 
 lucas : do you still want to see the charcoal ? 
 me : yes lucas : tonight ? 
 me : ok lucas : i 'll be outside your place in 10 ? 
 pull your hair back and wear something warm . 
 me : you are n't bringing it over ? 
 lucas : i was bringing you to it . 
 unless you do n't want to . 
 me : i 'll come down , but i need 15 minutes . 
 lucas : i 'll wait . 
 no rush . 
 i tore around the room like an insane person , stripping off my flannel pjs and snatching a clean bra and panties from the clean-but-not-put-away laundry pile . 
 warm clothes ... sweats ? 
 no . 
 jeans . 
 black uggs . 
 the soft sapphire sweater that made erin say , `` that makes your eyes pop . '' 
 after brushing my teeth , i brushed my hair and secured it at the nape-though i was n't sure why . 
 grabbing my black wool peacoat on the way out the door , i left the building by the main exit . 
 i had n't been in the stairwell since buck caught me there , even when it meant extra steps . 
 lucas was at the curb , leaning against a motorcycle , arms crossed over his chest . 
 along with his now-familiar boots and jeans , he wore a dark brown leather jacket that made his hair look black . 
 watching me with those light eyes , his gaze did n't waver from me , no matter the distracting saturday night noises of residents coming and going . 
 he did n't hide the unhurried top-to-bottom scan that left parts of me molten and longing for him to touch me like he had in my room . 
 swallowing the lump in my throat , i reminded myself of his deception in a failing attempt to douse the desire spreading through me like lava-slow-moving , heavy and hot . 
 my trepidation about his motorcycle helped cool it to some degree . 
 i 'd never been on one before , and could n't say i 'd ever intended to change that fact . 
 when i walked up to him , he held out an extra helmet . 
 `` i guess this is the reason for the hair guidelines , '' i said , taking the helmet and examining it hesitantly . 
 `` you can take it back down when we get to my place , if you want . 
 i did n't figure you 'd want to stuff it under the helmet ... or leave it loose and let it get all tangled on the ride . '' 
 i shook my head , wondering if i needed to undo the straps completely or just loosen them . 
 `` never been on a bike before ? '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw rona and olivia exit the building behind a group of boys . 
 both girls stopped and stared at lucas , and then me , while i pretended not to notice them . 
 `` um . 
 no ... '' `` let me help you with that , then . '' 
 after i put my bag 's strap over my head and settled it crosswise over my chest , he took the helmet and placed it on my head , securing the straps under my chin . 
 i felt like a bobblehead figurine . 
 once we were both helmeted and on the bike , i reached my arms around him and clasped my hands over his abdomen , marveling at how firm it was . 
 `` hold on , '' he said , shoving the kickstand back . 
 his suggestion was unnecessary as the engine roared to life-i had a death grip on his torso , my entire front pressed securely against his back , my chin tucked and my eyes squeezed shut . 
 i tried to imagine i was on a roller coaster-perfectly safe and attached to a track instead of hurtling through the streets on a flimsy five hundred pounds or so of metal and rubber , hoping some drunk in an suv would n't run a red light and flatten us . 
 the ride to his place-an apartment over a detached garage-took less than ten minutes . 
 my hands were numb from the combination of the grasp each had on the other and the chilled november air rushing over them . 
 as i stood rubbing them together , he parked the bike on a paved section between the garage and the open steps before turning and taking my hands in his , one at a time , and massaging warmth into them . 
 `` i should have reminded you to wear gloves . '' 
 i pulled my hand from his and pointed to the house not more than fifty feet away . 
 `` do your parents live there ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he turned to walk up the wooden stairway and i followed . 
 `` i rent the apartment . '' 
 he unlocked the door to a huge studio with a wall , but no door , defining what i assumed was the bedroom in the far right corner . 
 a small open kitchen was on the left ; a bathroom between the two . 
 on the sofa , a huge orange tabby cat regarded me with characteristic feline apathy before hopping down and stalking to the door . 
 `` this is francis . '' 
 lucas opened the door and the tom wandered lazily outside , stopping on the landing to clean a paw . 
 i laughed , moving to the center of the room . 
 `` francis ? 
 he looks more like a. . . 
 max . 
 or maybe a king . '' 
 he shut and locked the door , his ghost smile turning his mouth up on one side . 
 `` trust me , he 's superior enough without a macho name to back it up . '' 
 he shrugged his jacket off as he crossed the room to me , and i stared up at him , starting to unbutton my coat . 
 `` names are important , '' i said . 
 he nodded , dropping his eyes to my fingers . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i pushed the oversized buttons through the slits slowly , top to bottom , as though there was nothing beneath . 
 sliding his thumbs inside the lapels , he dragged the coat from my shoulders , his thumbs brushing down the arms of my sweater . 
 `` soft . '' 
 `` it 's cashmere . '' 
 my voice was nearly breathless , and though i wanted to follow up on my statement about names , wanted to press him to tell me why he was misleading me , i could n't jar the words from my throat . 
 the coat fell past my fingertips and he turned aside , tossed it on top of his jacket . 
 `` i had an ulterior motive for bringing you here . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 grimacing , he took my hands . 
 `` i want to show you something , but i do n't want to freak you out . '' 
 he breathed a sigh . 
 `` this morning-that last thing-the ground defense ... '' he watched me closely , and i tried to look away , anywhere but his eyes , because my face was burning , humiliated , but i could n't tear my eyes from his . 
 `` i know you do n't believe it would work . 
 i want to show you it will . '' 
 `` what do you mean , show me ? '' 
 his hands tightened on mine . 
 `` i want to teach you exactly how to execute it . 
 here . 
 with no one else watching . '' 
 it was the replication of the position itself , but also the thought of him watching that had been so unnerving this morning , but he could n't know that . 
 `` trust me , jacqueline . 
 it works . 
 will you let me show you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he led me to the center of the floor space , pulled me down to my knees next to him . 
 `` lie flat . 
 on your stomach . '' 
 heart pounding , i obeyed . 
 `` the majority of men have no martial arts training whatsoever , so they wo n't be able to counter the moves correctly . 
 and even those who do wo n't be expecting what you 're going to do . 
 remember what ralph said-the key is to get away . '' 
 i nodded , my cheek on the carpet , my heart slamming against the floor . 
 `` do you remember the moves ? '' 
 i shook my head , shutting my eyes . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i could tell you were freaking out in class . 
 your friend did the right thing , not forcing you . 
 i do n't want to force you , either . 
 i just want to help you feel more in control . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` if you find yourself in this position , you want to do these moves automatically , without wasting time or energy trying to buck him off . '' 
 i stiffened as his inadvertent use of buck 's name . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's his name . 
 buck . '' 
 i heard him inhale through his nose , like he was trying to maintain control . 
 `` i will remember that . '' 
 he was silent for a moment . 
 `` the first move seems counterproductive because it provides no leverage . 
 but that 's the thing-you 're taking his leverage away . 
 choose the side you want to roll onto , and put that arm straight up and out , like you 're standing and reaching for the ceiling . '' 
 i put my left arm up as he described . 
 `` good . 
 now , with your opposite arm , you give yourself leverage , and you remove his already precarious balance . 
 palm flat on the ground , elbow up . 
 shove down and roll to your side , throwing him off . '' 
 i followed his instructions-easy to do , with no weight on top of me . 
 `` can we try it ? 
 i 'm going to push your shoulders down and use my weight to hold you there . 
 if you have a problem , just say so and i 'm off . 
 okay ? '' 
 i fought my panic . 
 `` okay . '' 
 his gentleness as he knelt over me , holding my shoulders to the floor , was so contrary to buck 's violence that i almost cried . 
 he lay over me , his breath in my ear . 
 `` arm straight up . '' 
 i obeyed . 
 `` palm flat , and push off , hard , and roll onto your side . '' 
 i did as he said , and he tumbled off . 
 `` perfect . 
 let 's try it again . '' 
 we went through the moves again , and again , and again , and each time he was more forceful and harder to displace , but still , i threw him off , every time . 
 until i mistakenly pushed up with my hips , trying to rise . 
 he exhaled harshly . 
 `` that wo n't work , jacqueline-though it 's the natural response to something unwanted on top of you . 
 the only sure way to dislodge a man in this position is rolling to the side . 
 i 'm too strong for you to move me by pressing up . 
 you have to fight that inclination . '' 
 finally , we tried it more for real than any other time . 
 he shoved me down , and my arm shot up and out , but i had a difficult time getting my hand free for leverage . 
 finally , i switched arms and got the opposite palm to the floor , shoved and rolled , throwing him off and to the side . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he laughed , facing me as we lay on the floor . 
 `` you swapped sides on me ! '' 
 i smiled at his praise , and his gaze flicked to my lips . 
 `` this is the part where you 'd get up and run like hell . '' 
 his voice was gravelly . 
 `` but wo n't he chase me ? '' 
 we lay on our sides , two feet of carpet between us , neither making a move to sit up . 
 he nodded . 
 `` he might . 
 but most of these guys do n't want challenging prey . 
 only a handful will go after you , if you run away screaming . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 he reached out , took my hand . 
 `` i was supposed to show you your portrait , i think . '' 
 `` so it wo n't seem like you brought me here under completely false pretenses ? '' 
 his eyes flared and my breath caught . 
 `` i do want you to see the charcoal , but i admit that was secondary to what we just did . 
 do you feel more confident now , that it 'll work ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he leaned up on his elbow , closing the distance between us , pushing his hand into my hair and moving it to cup my face . 
 `` i did have one other concealed motive for bringing you here . '' 
 leaning down slowly , his lips met mine and the fire that had been embers since he left my room over a week ago flamed . 
 i opened my mouth and his tongue pressed inside , stroked mine and withdrew . 
 turning his head , he moved his mouth over mine , sucking my lower lip into his mouth , caressing it with his tongue and releasing it to pay attention to the upper . 
 his tongue ran over the sensitive space above my top teeth and i gasped . 
 and then his hands started moving . 
 chapter 12 cradling my head against his shoulder , both hands skimmed down to my hips , urging me closer until there was no space between us . 
 his lips continued to move against mine , unrelenting and sweet , and my head swam as he swept his tongue through my mouth , his hand gripping my thigh , drawing it between his so that our legs were scissored together . 
 i leaned into him and he moaned , one hand kneading my hip and the other stroking up beneath my sweater , warm fingers splayed across my lower back . 
 one of my arms crushed between us , i lay the other against his chest , fingering the front placket of his flannel shirt , covertly sliding buttons from buttonholes , feeling the variation between the smooth surface of the flannel and the bumpy texture of the thermal knit shirt beneath it . 
 shirt unbuttoned , i peeled it aside and slid my hand beneath the thermal to his hard stomach . 
 his breath caught and i pulled away to lean on my elbow and look down on him . 
 `` i want to see your tattoos . '' 
 `` you do , huh ? '' 
 his eyes burned into mine . 
 when i nodded , he withdrew his hand from beneath my sweater and sat up , crooking an eyebrow at me when he looked down on his unbuttoned shirt . 
 my face warmed at his smirk and he chuckled , removing the shirt and tossing it aside . 
 reaching behind his neck , he removed the white thermal the way boys do-pulled forward over the back of his head-unworried about ruined mascara , or blusher smeared on the fabric . 
 he dropped this shirt , inside out , on top of the flannel one , and lay back on the floor , offering himself up for my inspection . 
 his skin was smooth and beautiful , his torso segmented with definitions of muscle and ornamented with the two tattoos i 'd seen in my dorm room-an intricate octagonal design on his left side , and four scripted lines on his right . 
 there was one other-a rose over his heart , the petals dark red , the dark green stem slightly curved . 
 on his arms were mostly designs and patterns , thin and black like wrought iron . 
 i ran my fingers over each one , but he did n't turn and i could n't read the poem-like lines snaking around his left side . 
 it looked like a love poem , and i was jealous of whoever inspired the sort of devotion he must have felt to make those words so permanent . 
 i wondered if the rose represented her as well , but i could n't ask . 
 when my fingers trailed down his abdomen to the line of hair below his navel , he sat up . 
 `` your turn , i think . '' 
 confused , i said , `` i do n't have any tattoos . '' 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 he stood and reached a hand down to me . 
 `` would you like to see the drawing now ? '' 
 he was asking me to go to his bedroom . 
 i felt like i should come back with something smart , like should i call you lucas or landon in bed ? 
 but i could n't manage it . 
 i reached up and took his hand , and he pulled me up effortlessly . 
 without releasing my hand , he turned toward the bedroom , and i followed . 
 dim light from the outer room illuminated the furniture and the wall adjacent to his bed , where at least twenty or thirty drawings were tacked up . 
 he switched on a lamp and i saw that the entire surface of the wall was covered in cork . 
 i wondered if he 'd installed it , or if it was here , and when he went looking for a place to live , he knew immediately that this was meant to be his . 
 the two uncorked walls were painted an earthy taupe , and his furniture was dark and not at all typical college-boy-from the queen-sized platform bed to the solid desk and hutch . 
 i moved into the narrow space between his bed and the wall of drawings , searching for myself , but distracted by the others-renditions of familiar scenes like the downtown skyline , unfamiliar faces of children and old men , and a couple of francis in repose . 
 `` these are amazing . '' 
 he came to stand next to me just as my eyes found my own face amongst the others . 
 he 'd chosen to charcoal the one of me on my back , looking up at him . 
 its placement was low on the right side of the wall . 
 seemingly , this display spot would indicate lower importance , but i was acutely aware of where it was located in relation to his bed-directly across from his pillow . 
 who would n't want to wake up to this ? 
 he 'd said . 
 i sat on his bed , staring at it , and he sat , too . 
 i was abruptly aware of his bare chest , and his statement in the other room : your turn , i think . 
 turning to him , i saw that he was watching me . 
 i 'd been so sure that this sort of moment would summon debilitating memories of kennedy-of his kiss , of our years together . 
 but the truth was , i did n't miss him . 
 i could n't dredge up a single twinge of sorrow . 
 i wondered if i was either anesthetized to the grief of losing him-which would be worrisome-or if i had cried so much and grieved so deeply in the past several weeks that i was over it . 
 over him . 
 lucas leaned to me and the kennedy bubble burst entirely . 
 his breath in my ear , he ran his tongue along the curved edge , sucking the fleshy lobe and my small diamond stud into his mouth , and my eyes drifted closed while i babbled a weak sound of longing . 
 nuzzling my neck , he lapped gentle kisses down the side , his hand coming up to cradle the weight of my head , which had fallen to the side . 
 his weight left the bed as he knelt on the floor and pulled my boots from my feet before resuming his seat and removing his own . 
 his lips played over mine , and he pulled me to the center of the bed and laid me flat . 
 i opened my eyes when he drew back and stared down at me . 
 `` say stop , whenever you want to stop . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` do you want to stop now ? '' 
 my head moved back and forth on the pillow . 
 `` thank god , '' he said , his mouth returning to mine , his tongue plunging inside as i dug my fingers into his solid arms . 
 i stroked his tongue with mine , sucking it deep into my mouth , and he groaned , wrenching away long enough to lift me slightly and remove my sweater . 
 teasing one fingertip over the swell of my breast , he followed the arc with his lips . 
 when i pushed against his shoulder he stopped , his eyes unfocused . 
 i pushed him onto his back and straddled him , feeling him hard and ready through our two pairs of jeans . 
 his hands smoothed up my waist and pulled me down , and we kissed deeply as i rocked against him . 
 minutes later , he flicked the hooks free at the back of my bra and tugged the straps down my arms . 
 it was n't off completely before he slid me higher and took a nipple in his mouth . 
 `` oh , '' i gasped , going limp in his arms . 
 we rolled again and i was under him , his hands tracing and circling , followed by his mouth . 
 then he unbuttoned my jeans and touched the zipper and everything crashed around me . 
 i tore my mouth from his . 
 `` wait . '' 
 `` stop ? '' 
 he panted , watching me . 
 i bit my lip and nodded . 
 `` stop everything , or just go no further ? '' 
 `` just ... just no further , '' i whispered . 
 `` done . '' 
 he gathered me into his arms and kissed me , one hand tangled in my hair and the other caressing down my back , our hearts pulsing out a cadence that the musician in me translated into a concert of lust . 
 *** i kept my eyes open on the ride home . 
 peeking over lucas 's shoulder , i watched the scenery fly by-and it was exhilarating , not frightening . 
 i trusted him . 
 i had since that first night , when i let him drive me home . 
 kennedy would have never stopped like that . 
 not that he had ever forced me or come close to doing so . 
 if i asked him to stop , he 'd stop and lay back , a hand over his face , calming himself and saying , `` god , jackie , you 're going to kill me . '' 
 after that , there was no further physical activity-no kissing , no touching . 
 and i always felt guilty . 
 i thought the guilt would go away once we were actually sleeping together , because it was rare when i 'd ask for a reprieve from sex , but if anything , my self-reproach was worse . 
 he 'd stop , abruptly , like it pained him . 
 it was all or nothing . 
 he 'd take a few deep breaths , click on a game , or channel surf , or we 'd go get something to eat . 
 and i would feel like the world 's worst girlfriend . 
 lucas had continued the make-out for another hour . 
 before it was over , he 'd slid his hand between my legs , over my jeans . 
 `` this okay ? '' 
 he asked , and at my breathless affirmative answer he stroked his fingers there while kissing me deeply , and somehow made me come through a layer of denim . 
 i was shocked , and a little embarrassed , but one glance at his face told me he savored my body 's response , and his ability to trigger it . 
 he would not let me return the favor . 
 `` leave me something to anticipate , '' he 'd whispered . 
 now he was leaving me at the front of my building , wide awake from the cold drive , though he 'd placed my hands under his jacket during the ride , so they would n't be frozen . 
 he put the helmets and his gloves aside and pulled me closer , his hands under my jacket , over my sweater . 
 `` did you like the charcoal ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you for showing me your drawings ... and the defense move . '' 
 resting his forehead to mine , he closed his eyes . 
 `` mmm-hmm . '' 
 he kissed the tip of my nose , and then moved his lips to mine . 
 it almost hurt to kiss him-almost . 
 i sighed into his mouth . 
 `` you 'd better get inside before ... '' he kissed me again , more hungrily , and i curled my hands between us against his hard chest . 
 `` before ... ? '' 
 he inhaled and exhaled through his nose , his mouth a tight line , his hands gripping my waist . 
 `` just . 
 before . '' 
 i kissed the edge of his jaw and pulled away . 
 `` goodnight , lucas . '' 
 he remained leaning against the harley and watched me . 
 `` goodnight , jacqueline . '' 
 i walked up the steps to my building , and not until i got to the door did i look up and see kennedy standing there on the top step , his narrowed , curious eyes flicking between lucas and me . 
 `` jackie . '' 
 he stared down at me as i stepped up next to him . 
 `` i came by , thought we could talk . 
 but erin said you were out , and she was n't sure if you 'd be back at all ? '' 
 i 'd left erin a scribbled note telling her where i was . 
 she must have enjoyed rubbing my night out in kennedy 's face . 
 he looked back toward the curb , but i did n't turn to see if lucas was there or gone . 
 `` why did n't you text first ? 
 or call ? '' 
 he shrugged , combing his hair back from his forehead with one hand , the other stuffed into the front pocket of his jeans . 
 `` i was in the building . '' 
 i angled my head . 
 `` you were in the building , and thought you 'd just stop by and i 'd be in my room ? '' 
 i had planned to just be in my room , but that was beside the point . 
 `` no , of course i did n't assume you 'd be there , '' he backpedaled . 
 `` i hoped you 'd be there . '' 
 he looked toward the curb again . 
 `` is ... that guy waiting for you , or something ? '' 
 i turned then and saw lucas , arms crossed over his chest , still leaning against his motorcycle . 
 i could n't make out his facial features from this distance , even with the flood lights surrounding the dorm . 
 but his body language spoke volumes . 
 i lifted a hand and waved , to let him know i was n't being threatened . 
 `` no . 
 he was just dropping me off . '' 
 after a smirk of disdain in lucas 's direction , kennedy turned his sharp green eyes to me . 
 `` he does n't look as though he understands the concept of ` dropping off , ' if you ask me . '' 
 `` well , i did n't ask you . 
 what do you want , kennedy ? '' 
 some guy going inside called out , `` k-moore ! '' 
 and kennedy acknowledged him with a lifted chin before answering me . 
 `` i told you , i want to talk . '' 
 i crossed my arms , starting to feel the chill in the air i had n't felt pressed to lucas . 
 `` about what ? 
 have n't you said everything that needs to be said ? 
 do you want to devalue me some more ? 
 because i have to tell you , i 'm not real super amenable to that . '' 
 he sighed as though tolerating some sort of distraught outburst , a familiar consequence of me being inflexible-his word-that i 'd seen many times in the past three years . 
 i 'd forgotten about that until seeing it again . 
 `` there 's no need to be inflexible , '' he said then , as though reading my mind . 
 `` really ? 
 i think there are plenty of reasons for my inflexibility . 
 or stubbornness . 
 or obstinacy . 
 or pigheadedness - '' `` i get it , jackie . '' 
 my hands made fists at my hips . 
 `` it 's . 
 jacqueline . '' 
 he stepped closer , his eyes flaring . 
 for a split second , i thought he was angry-but that was n't anger in his eyes . 
 it was desire . 
 `` i get it , jacqueline . 
 i hurt you . 
 and i deserve everything you 're saying , and everything you feel . '' 
 he raised his hand to my face and i stepped back , out of his reach , my thoughts chaotic . 
 dropping his hand , he added , `` i miss you . '' 
 chapter 13 snapping my mouth closed , i spun to swipe my card and enter the dorm , and kennedy followed me through the door . 
 i turned to tell him i did n't want to talk and saw lucas grabbing the door just before it snapped shut . 
 stepping next to me , he glared at my ex and the air was charged between them the moment kennedy turned and noticed him . 
 `` you okay , jacqueline ? '' 
 lucas asked , his eyes never wavering from my ex . 
 `` lucas - '' i started to reiterate verbally that kennedy was no physical threat to me when he huffed an arrogant laugh , peering at lucas . 
 `` wait-aren ' t you the maintenance guy ? 
 the one who repaired the a/c at the house ? '' 
 he glanced at me , and back to lucas . 
 `` what would administration think about you sniffing around the students ? '' 
 the look on lucas 's face was murderous , but he held his ground without reaction , ignoring kennedy 's question as though it had n't been asked . 
 he turned his eyes to me , waiting for my answer . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i promise . '' 
 i held my breath , hoping he 'd believe me . 
 people near the door were already nudging each other and whispering . 
 `` are you hooking up with this guy , too ? '' 
 kennedy interjected . 
 `` too ? '' 
 i asked , but i knew what he meant before he confirmed it . 
 `` in addition to buck . '' 
 the edges of my vision closed in . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kennedy took my arm just above the elbow , as though he meant to escort me away , and lucas 's hand shot out , grabbing his wrist and removing his hand from me easily . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 kennedy 's voice was a low growl as he jerked his arm from lucas 's grip . 
 he put himself slightly in front of me , facing off with lucas , and everyone within sight of the developing spectacle was stock-still and gawking . 
 the two of them looked evenly matched , but i knew lucas 's proficiency firsthand . 
 kennedy would lose , and lucas would be expelled . 
 i stepped around my ex and laid a hand on his forearm . 
 it was rock-hard beneath my fingers . 
 `` kennedy , leave . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving you with this - '' `` kennedy , leave . '' 
 `` he 's a maintenance man , jackie - '' `` he 's a student , kennedy . '' 
 i decided not to point out that lucas was in our econ class , in case he recognized him as the class tutor and reported him for going out with me . 
 kennedy inclined his head , his expression transforming into concern-slightly furrowed brow , eyes searching mine . 
 `` we 'll talk next week . 
 when we 're home . '' 
 his meaning was clear and directed at lucas . 
 the two of us were about to spend several days in our hometown , where he would have unrestricted access to me , without the nuisance of interference . 
 i wanted to tell him i had nothing to say to him , not now or then , but my jaw was clenched so tightly that i could n't speak . 
 still unsure what i was even doing over thanksgiving break , i ignored his implication that we would be alone then . 
 judiciously , he did n't try to touch me again , though his lethal expression matched lucas 's as they faced off . 
 i did n't exhale until he went through the door . 
 onlooker disappointment was palpable . 
 a few hung around to see if there would be a bonus row between lucas and me . 
 the adrenaline was clearly still pumping through him-his body was taut , like the hard wire of my bass strings , and when i reached a hand to his forearm , it was granite under layers of leather and flannel . 
 `` i 'm okay , honest . '' 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` well , as okay as i can be after that . '' 
 i squinted up at him . 
 `` exactly how many jobs do you have , anyway ? 
 barista , self-defense guru , fixit guy , parking enforcement officer-and by the way , does that mean you gave me the ticket i got last spring for two measly minutes of double parking when i ran into the library to return a book ? '' 
 his shoulders relaxed with my teasing tone , and i was rewarded with the ghost smile . 
 `` i plead the fifth on that . 
 i write a lot of parking tickets . 
 the , um , fixit thing is rare . 
 and i volunteer time for the self-defense gig . '' 
 what i 'd left off this list , and what he did n't add : economics tutor . 
 `` i guess we should add one more , huh ? '' 
 i said , watching him closely . 
 he had a superb poker face . 
 no reaction at all . 
 `` personal defender of jacqueline wallace ? '' 
 the faint smile appeared again . 
 `` another volunteer position , lucas ? '' 
 i asked coyly , brows rising . 
 `` how will you have time for studying ? 
 or anything fun ? '' 
 his hands reached for me , gripping my hipbones and pulling me forward . 
 he stared down at me , his voice low . 
 `` there are some things i will make time for , jacqueline . '' 
 leaning , he kissed the spot just in front of my ear , the spot that made my breath go shallow . 
 and then , he turned and jogged out to his motorcycle , leaving me standing in the entryway . 
 once he was outside the pool of light surrounding the building , i could n't see him . 
 i turned and walked to my room in a daze . 
 *** jacqueline , your paper is good . 
 solid research . 
 i think dr. h will be pleased with it . 
 i noted a couple of small inconsistencies , and one place you may have left out a citation . 
 other than that , i think it 's a valid , well-supported argument . 
 i 've attached the worksheet for tomorrow 's session . 
 you 're caught up now , and you seem to have a good grasp on the new material , but i 'll continue to send you the worksheets for the last two weeks of class , if you 'd like . 
 i assume you 're going home over the break ? 
 i 'll be heading home wednesday morning . 
 no wifi there , so i 'll be out of pocket until sunday . 
 lm landon , looks like i may get this paper turned in early-what a relief . 
 thank you for your help . 
 yes , please continue to send the worksheets . 
 my parents are going skiing over break , but i 'd rather go home for a few days and hang out with old friends than stay here on campus . 
 they 'll be boarding coco , mom 's evil-tempered little dog , so it should be peaceful and quiet . 
 are you flying home ? 
 i remember you saying you were carless . 
 jw jacqueline , your parents are going skiing and not taking you ? 
 you 'll be at home for thanksgiving alone ? 
 i 'm hitching a ride from someone with a car . 
 home is n't far , though it seems like another world at times . 
 lm landon , my parents thought i 'd be at my ex 's . 
 we 've traded off the last couple of years rather than trying to join both family meals ; this was his year . 
 my bff 's family will be at her grandparents ' cabin outside boulder , and i 'm not in the mood to burden anyone else . 
 i 'd rather be alone . 
 that 's weird , huh ? 
 jw jacqueline , not weird to me . 
 but maybe i 'm just weird , too , and i would n't know . 
 i 'll miss your emails . 
 lm landon , ditto . 
 have a good break . 
 jw *** i could n't look back at lucas during class monday without thinking about saturday night . 
 his hooded stares made me think he was having the same issue . 
 after i caught him staring holes into the back of kennedy 's head , i did n't turn back around . 
 when class ended , kennedy turned and smiled at me . 
 i forced my lips into a line and turned my back to him to pack up . 
 this class , this semester could not end too soon , for too many reasons to count . 
 `` can i just say-your ex is gorgeous , but he seems like a conceited asshat . '' 
 benji crammed his spiral into a backpack that looked as though it could erupt with loose papers any moment . 
 i zipped my backpack . 
 `` yeah , he totally is . '' 
 we waited for kennedy to pass before moving into the aisle , and i studiously avoided making eye contact . 
 i was more than a little worried about his assertion that we would talk while we were both home ; i could n't imagine what he could have to say that i 'd want to hear . 
 following our classmates up the steps , everyone animated with anticipation of the coming long weekend , benji told me he 'd be flying home to georgia and coming out to his father-the only member of his family he had n't told . 
 `` mom 's known i was g * y since i was thirteen . '' 
 i was worried on his behalf . 
 `` will your dad be ... upset ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i think he knows . 
 he 's just not sure if that means i 'm going to show up in a dress or something . '' 
 the thought of benji in a dress was n't a pretty picture , and i could n't hold back my laugh . 
 he laughed too , adding , `` i know , right ? '' 
 lucas was gone , or so i thought , until benji and i emerged into the busy hallway and i spotted him leaning on the far wall , near the side door i usually took to escape the building . 
 he watched us approach , but he seemed acutely aware of everyone else as well . 
 i imagined him watching for dr. heller . 
 `` you have n't told him you know yet , have you ? '' 
 benji asked , speaking from the side of his mouth . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` do n't make him suffer too much . 
 he looks sorta vulnerable . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` right . 
 a tough , muscular guy like that-who 's trained to beat people up , and lies about who he is to girls-is so vulnerable . '' 
 he squeezed my arm just above the elbow and smiled . 
 `` he 's either an asshat to rival all asshats before him , or there 's a reason for those lies . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i wish i was a mind reader . '' 
 `` you might not , once you know what 's in there . '' 
 `` if i ever do . '' 
 benji shrugged in agreement and veered off toward the long hallway leading to the south exit , turning to call , `` have a good break , jacqueline . '' 
 `` you , too . '' 
 i reached lucas and he turned to follow me , leaning close to push the door open . 
 `` can i see you tonight ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 i wondered if i was turning into a booty call . 
 or if that 's all it had ever been to him-if that was his reason for not telling me he was landon maxfield . 
 `` i have a test tomorrow in astronomy . 
 we have study group in our room tonight . '' 
 i glanced up at him , walking beside me with his hands stuffed into the front pockets of his jeans . 
 his gaze continuously scanned over the crowd of people , as though he was on guard . 
 `` tomorrow night ? '' 
 he stared down at me as we neared the building , and i noted that he seemed to know exactly where i was going . 
 `` i have an ensemble rehearsal tomorrow . 
 i usually spend sunday mornings in the music hall , but i missed yesterday . '' 
 i had n't told lucas i played the bass . 
 i 'd told landon . 
 `` you slept in ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 we reached the entry and stopped to the side of the door . 
 `` i have to get my bass packed up , too , since i 'm taking it home with me . '' 
 waiting to see if he 'd react , i watched his eyes , which matched the gray-blue of the overcast sky as his gaze drifted over the faces around us . 
 `` i 'll have plenty of time to rehearse during break . '' 
 `` when are you leaving town ? '' 
 he flicked his hair from his eyes , avoiding the subject of my instrument completely . 
 `` wednesday morning . 
 you ? '' 
 `` same . '' 
 he shifted , on edge , his lower lip caught between his teeth , and then all of a sudden , he settled and stilled . 
 his eyes met mine , unwavering . 
 `` text me if you 're done early . 
 or your plans change . 
 otherwise , i 'll catch you after break . '' 
 he hitched the shoulder over which his backpack was slung and added , `` later , jacqueline , '' before turning and blending into the flow of students , his dark head rising above most of them . 
 *** `` hold up . 
 so tutor-guy landon and hottie obbp lucas are the same guy ? '' 
 maggie 's eyes were so rounded with shock that i could see white all the way around her light brown irises . 
 `` what i do n't understand is why you did n't call him on that shit immediately . '' 
 erin had her talk-show-participant face on . 
 any moment , she would call me girrrrl and start recounting the ass-kicking she 'd be doing if she was in my shoes . 
 ever since she 'd broken up with chaz , she was much less tolerant of guys stepping out of line . 
 or appearing to . 
 i huffed a sigh and wished i 'd never told them . 
 `` what happened to gag-him-and-bag him and rebound and operation bad boy phase ? '' 
 the three of us sat on a comforter in the floor of the dorm room , drinking coffee and eating oreos , astronomy texts and notes spread all around us , untouched for the last half hour as we discussed landon/lucas instead of gas giants and celestial navigation . 
 `` he 's supposed to be your booty call . 
 not the other way around . '' 
 erin 's voice resonated with authority . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 maggie chimed in . 
 `` why do n't you text him that you want to meet up later ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` because i have an exam at 9:30 in the morning-which we 're supposed to be studying for right now . 
 and also , i think i need a little distance ... '' erin peered at me . 
 `` oh hell no-you 're getting emotionally involved , are n't you ? '' 
 i lay back with my hands covering my face . 
 `` ughhhh ! '' 
 `` by the way-speaking of booty calls , what 's this i hear about you and buck ? 
 he 's definitely bad boy material , '' maggie mused . 
 `` did you add him to the obbp stable without telling us ? '' 
 i gave erin a pleading look between my fingers . 
 `` buck 's full of shit . 
 you know that , maggie , '' she scoffed . 
 maggie nodded . 
 `` true ... plus , i messed around with him freshman year . 
 he was n't very good , from what i recall . 
 too slobbery . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` what is it with slobbery kissers ? 
 are they trying to drown us in spit ? 
 i mean , jesus , swallow every now and then . '' 
 her hand squeezing my shoulder , erin laughed , and while i could hear the contrived ring to it , maggie did n't . 
 i knew where erin 's mind was going . 
 i had n't given her many details , and she 'd not asked for any . 
 it was difficult enough to speak about that night in generalities . 
 the point was what had happened , and what had almost happened , not the particulars of it . 
 `` so you are n't hooking up with him ? '' 
 maggie pressed . 
 she was only curious , but it rankled to have my name joined with buck 's in any way . 
 `` like erin said-he 's full of shit . '' 
 i was curious myself . 
 morbidly so , perhaps . 
 `` why ? 
 is he saying something about me ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` trisha said her little sister 's boyfriend said buck was hassling kennedy about it . 
 those two are like those big goats that butt heads over the girl goats . 
 i think buck 's still pissed that he was legacy and kennedy still beat him out for pledge class president . '' 
 that was the complication i could n't remember before-the all-important initial conflict between them . 
 the start of their weird brotherly rivalry . 
 i frowned . 
 `` but kennedy was legacy , too . '' 
 maggie licked oreo crumbs from her fingers . 
 `` yeah , but buck was legacy and his daddy was pledge class prez . 
 he thought he had it wrapped up . '' 
 i sat up , becoming furious as buck 's motivations became clearer . 
 his reasons for hurting me were nothing more than goading my ex . 
 `` and that translates into the need for buck to spread lies that i 'm screwing him ? '' 
 not to mention the fact that he 'd actually assaulted me . 
 `` i did n't say it made any sense . '' 
 erin pulled her notes onto her lap . 
 `` okay ladies , which constellations do we think we 'll have to plot on the star chart portion of this test ? '' 
 giving my best friend a grateful look for the change of subject , i shoved thoughts of buck as far away from my consciousness as i could manage to do . 
 chapter 14 after three months away , the house smelled funny . 
 like dog ... combined with the chanel cologne mom always wore , plus some other undefinable scent that my mind classified as home . 
 even still , it was foreign . 
 i did n't quite belong here anymore , and my body knew it . 
 i lugged my bass inside , still nestled safely within its wheeled traveling case . 
 with no parents and no coco , there was little reason to move it any further than the living room . 
 i parked it against the wall , where it stood like another piece of furniture . 
 the lights in the house were timer-set , since mom and dad were gone . 
 i decided to let them go on and off at will , with the exception of the kitchen lighting and the lamps in my bedroom , which probably would n't come on at all otherwise . 
 there was food in the pantry and freezer , but barely anything in the fridge . 
 my parents had cleared out all of the perishable stuff before their trip , not knowing i was coming home tonight , since i never told them . 
 mom texted me earlier that they were boarding their plane , adding : have fun with erin . 
 we 'll see you next month . 
 having never double-checked my plans , she 'd somehow come to the conclusion that i was going home with my roommate . 
 i heated a box of organic vegetarian lasagna for dinner , and transferred a ground turkey patty from the freezer to the fridge for my thanksgiving lunch . 
 there was half a package of tater tots in the freezer , too , and i found an unopened bottle of cranberry cocktail in the pantry . 
 i moved it to the fridge . 
 tah-dah ! 
 thanksgiving for one . 
 after watching a couple of sitcom reruns , i switched the television off , scooted the walnut coffee table from its perfectly-centered spot on the hand-knotted tibetan rug , and unpacked my bass . 
 improvising with a plant stand when i could n't find my music stand , i ran through the beginnings of a prelude piece i 'd begun composing for my year-end solo . 
 the last thing i expected to hear while scribbling notes onto staff paper was the doorbell . 
 i 'd never been afraid to be at home alone , but then i 'd never been so completely alone here before . 
 i debated pretending no one was home , but of course whoever was there had heard me playing , and heard me quit . 
 i lay the bass on its side and crept to the solid door , standing on my toes to look through the peephole . 
 kennedy stood , smiling straight at me , illuminated by the glow of the dual lights of the veranda . 
 he could n't see me , of course , but he 'd answered this door many times and knew the view from the inside almost as well as i did . 
 i unlocked and opened the door , but did n't move from the doorway . 
 `` kennedy ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 he glanced behind me and heard the utter quiet of the house . 
 `` are your parents out ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` they are n't here . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` are n't here tonight , or are n't here over break ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten how readily kennedy could zero in on what was n't said . 
 that characteristic probably accounted for most of his debate wins . 
 `` they are n't here at all-but why are you here ? '' 
 he leaned a shoulder into the door frame . 
 `` i texted first but you did n't answer . '' 
 i probably had n't heard the text alert . 
 little could be heard over the sound of my bass , once i began playing . 
 `` during dinner , mom reminded me to make sure i had you over by 1:00 tomorrow-and yes , that means i never told them we broke up . 
 i started to tonight , and then i thought this might be a welcome escape from evelyn and trent . 
 where are they , anyway ? '' 
 i ignored his question . 
 i could n't help but notice that he said we broke up as though our breakup was a mutual decision . 
 as though i had n't been the blindsided idiot of the equation . 
 `` you want me to come to thanksgiving lunch and pretend we 're all fine , just so you do n't have to tell your parents we broke up ? '' 
 he smiled just enough to make the dimple appear . 
 `` i 'm not that big of a coward . 
 i can tell them if you want , and say i 've invited you to come as a friend . 
 but we do n't have to disclose anything to them , if you do n't want to . 
 trust me , they 're too oblivious to pick up on anything . 
 my little bro 's had a weed habit for over a year-parties so hard he 'd put most of the brotherhood to shame , and they have no idea . '' 
 `` are n't you worried about him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` his grades are still decent . 
 he 's just bored . 
 besides , he 's not my kid . '' 
 `` but he 's your little brother . '' 
 i only understood sibling relationships in theory , since i 'd never had one , but i assumed logic would dictate some sense of responsibility . 
 kennedy seemed to feel none . 
 `` he would n't listen to anything i have to say . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe because he never has . 
 c'mon . 
 come tomorrow . 
 i 'll pick you up right before 1:00 . 
 it 'll be better than ... whatever frozen thing you 'd planned to microwave ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes and he chuckled . 
 `` i still do n't understand why you did n't tell them . 
 it 's been over a month . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe because i know how much my family loves you . '' 
 that was bullshit . 
 i raised an eyebrow and he laughed . 
 `` okay , well they were used to you-used to us . 
 i guess you told your parents ? '' 
 i curled my toes into the cold marble floor , the chill from outside seeping into the entryway . 
 `` i told mom . 
 i assume she told dad . 
 they seemed vaguely annoyed , though i do n't know if the annoyance was directed at you for dumping me or me for not managing to hold onto you . '' 
 i wanted to pinch myself for the dejected words that made it sound as though i was pining for him . 
 in actuality , mom and i had revisited the quarrel we had when i first told her my college plans . 
 she had n't approved , claiming that smart girls forge their own educational paths ; they do n't follow their high school boyfriends to college . 
 `` but do what you like . 
 you always have , '' she 'd said , stalking from my room . 
 we 'd not discussed it again until kennedy broke up with me . 
 `` i guess it does n't do any good now to point out that i was right about him , '' she 'd sighed over the phone . 
 `` and your ill-advised decision to follow him there . '' 
 whenever i appeared to have won an argument , mom would say something like , `` even broken clocks are right twice a day . '' 
 i 'd tossed this bit of wisdom back in her face , and just like she had when i announced my college plans , she 'd heaved a sigh like i was hopelessly clueless and dropped the subject . 
 little did she know that in that moment , i agreed with her completely , for once . 
 following my boyfriend to state was possibly the most dimwitted thing i 'd ever done . 
 kennedy stood with his thumbs hooked through his belt loops , looking contrite . 
 `` i assume you do n't have plans to have thanksgiving supper with dahlia 's family , or jillian 's , or you 'd have already said so . '' 
 preferring to wait until the holiday festivities were over , i 'd not yet called my high school friends to let them know i was home . 
 jillian had flunked out of lsu at the end of freshman year , after which she 'd moved home to train for management at forever 21 and get engaged to some guy who managed a mall jewelry store . 
 dahlia was in the second year of her nursing program in oklahoma . 
 we 'd all grown apart since graduation . 
 it was odd , how unconnected i felt to each of them now , when we 'd been joined at the hip for four years of high school . 
 now dahlia had her nursing undergrad crowd in a neighboring state , and jillian had a blue stripe in her hair , a full-time job and a fiance . 
 both were shocked when kennedy and i broke up . 
 they were among the first to text and call , commiserating-or trying to , even though we had n't been close in over a year . 
 i hoped we could hang out and hopefully not discuss kennedy ad nauseum . 
 `` i do n't have plans with anyone . 
 i thought it would be nice to be home alone . '' 
 i emphasized the last word , staring up at him . 
 `` you ca n't be here all by yourself on thanksgiving . '' 
 i hated the pity underlying his assumption , and i glared up at him . 
 `` yes , i can . '' 
 the dark green of his eyes scanned over my face . 
 `` yes , you can , '' he agreed . 
 `` but there 's no reason for you to . 
 we can be friends , right ? 
 you 'll always be important to me . 
 you know that . '' 
 i so did n't know that . 
 but if i said no , if i insisted on staying at my parents ' house alone and eating a microwaved turkey patty for thanksgiving , it would look like i could n't get over him . 
 like i was so damaged that i could n't be around him . 
 `` fine , '' i said , almost instantly regretting it . 
 *** `` so are you and my dickwad brother back together , or what ? '' 
 carter asked , under his breath . 
 if he was n't so big , carter would have been a carbon copy of his older brother-same green eyes and mop of dirty blond hair . 
 but where kennedy was tall and lean , carter had sprouted to an equal height , but with the girth and muscle of a running back . 
 having known him since he was a wiry fourteen-year-old-when kennedy still towered over him-his transformation was mind-boggling . 
 i remembered him as a quiet , scowling boy , eclipsed by his older brother . 
 he was clearly done with that phase . 
 i glanced behind us as we set the table , relieved that no one else was within earshot . 
 `` no . '' 
 he followed behind me , placing forks on top of the napkins i 'd folded . 
 `` too bad for him . '' 
 my eyes widened a bit at this , and when i looked at him , he smirked . 
 `` what ? 
 anyone can see you 're too good for him . 
 so why are you here ? '' 
 `` um , thanks . 
 and my parents went to breckenridge . '' 
 he recoiled , astonished . 
 `` fuck , are you serious ? 
 and i thought my parents were the biggest a ** holes in this town . '' 
 i could n't help but grin , though i curbed it as much as possible . 
 carter had always seemed unmanageable and emotional next to the rest of his logical , coolheaded family . 
 i 'd never considered what an outsider he must have felt like with them-the impetuous middle child between kennedy and his little sister , reagan , who gave the impression that she 'd been born a thirty-year-old accountant . 
 `` language , carter , '' kennedy said , rounding the corner . 
 `` fuck off , kennedy . '' 
 carter retorted , not missing a beat . 
 fully containing my reaction was impossible . 
 my jaw was like rock in the attempt , but a small snort escaped , which earned a big , full-wattage grin from carter . 
 he winked at me before scooting off to the kitchen to help his mother . 
 i blinked , imagining that the poor girls at my former high school must collapse against the lockers when he sauntered past . 
 kennedy was scowling . 
 `` what happened to ` he 's not my kid ' ? '' 
 i asked , placing the last spoon before turning to him . 
 `` it 's okay to berate him for dropping the f-bomb , but you wash your hands of helping him kick an alleged drug problem ? '' 
 i was definitely asking for it . 
 debating with kennedy was unwinnable . 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` good point . '' 
 i blinked again , thinking that the moore boys were going to shock me to death by the time i left town . 
 grant and bev moore were as oblivious as kennedy had promised . 
 they did n't seem to detect the strained air between their son and me in the four hours i spent with them , or the absence of our usual pda . 
 he did n't sling an arm across the back of my chair during the meal , and though he pushed my chair in when i sat-as he 'd been raised to do-he did n't kiss my cheek or take my hand . 
 when reagan narrowed her sharp thirteen-year-old eyes on us , i pretended not to notice her scrutiny . 
 carter , of course , leered and flirted with me outrageously , trying to make me laugh and piss his brother off . 
 he succeeded on both counts while their parents discerned nothing . 
 not touching except for the press of his leg against mine , kennedy and i sat side-by-side through a football game on the wall-sized flatscreen that made carter so furious he stood up and cursed at the screen a couple of times , for which his entire family-all four of them-calmly rebuked him . 
 the second time , he stomped from the room and was gone for several minutes . 
 from the way he flexed his hand when he returned , i got the feeling he went to his bedroom and hit something . 
 as soon as kennedy pulled into my driveway to drop me off , i hopped out of the car , thanking him for inviting me and making it clear that i was going inside alone . 
 he smiled tightly . 
 `` we should hang out saturday . 
 i 'll give you a call . '' 
 thankfully , he made no move to exit the car . 
 as though he 'd not suggested anything , i thanked him again and said goodbye . 
 once inside , i watched him from a curtained window . 
 he stared pensively at the closed front door for a minute before pulling out his phone and calling someone as he backed out of the drive . 
 *** after making friday night plans with dahlia and jillian , i practiced my bass in the living room until the timer-set lamp clicked off just before 11 pm . 
 chuckling into the darkness , i propped my instrument against the wall by feel , and placed the bow on a shelf of a nearby bookcase . 
 my phone lit up on the plant stand , signaling a message , and i stood in the dark , reading and answering . 
 lucas : when will you be back on campus ? 
 me : probably sunday . 
 you ? 
 lucas : saturday . 
 me : family drama ? 
 lucas : no . 
 my ride needs to go back then . 
 lucas : let me know if you 're back early . 
 i want to see you . 
 lucas : i need to sketch you again . 
 me : oh ? 
 lucas : i 've done a couple from memory but they are n't the same . 
 lucas : ca n't quite get the shape of your jaw . 
 the line of your neck . 
 lucas : and your lips . 
 i need to spend more time staring at them and less time tasting them . 
 me : i ca n't say i agree with that notion . 
 lucas : more of both , then . 
 text me when you get back . 
 okay , so sleeping was out . 
 i reread the text while stealthy recollections of his lips on mine curled through me , igniting small flames of desire that grew and fused as my memories of saturday night replayed in graphic detail . 
 standing in the dark , i closed my eyes . 
 i should be fuming or at least distrustful where lucas/landon was concerned , but having tried to work up some outrage over his sin of omission , i simply could n't . 
 i reasoned that i was on resentment overload between kennedy and buck , and in comparison , lucas seemed more a riddle than a risk . 
 my plan for him , after all , had been to use him as a rebound , operation bad boy phase , and it was n't like i 'd been fully forthcoming about that . 
 attempting to get a handle on my volatile musings , i grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and walked upstairs to my bedroom , the only room still lit in the whole house . 
 when i checked my email , i saw there was one from lmaxfield amidst the credit offers and listserv info , and my heart rate jumped . 
 he 'd sent it this afternoon , hours before our text exchange . 
 away from school , i was beginning to connect my tutor with lucas-the lucas who spoke to me from behind this landon alias . 
 i wanted to know why , but i did n't want to ask-i wanted him to tell me . 
 jacqueline , i discovered that the bait and tackle has added coffee and wifi , along with a new name promoting these innovative features . 
 joe -lrb- the proprietor -rrb- did n't bother to make up a whole new sign-he just affixed a whitewashed board to the ancient original . 
 now the hand-painted sign -lrb- s -rrb- read -lrb- s -rrb- : bait and tackle and coffee , and under `` coffee '' it says `` and wifi . '' 
 they have three tiny tables and a couple of lumpy , floral overstuffed chairs-like a starbucks , if it had been decorated with yard sale furniture from someone 's grandmother . 
 it 's the only place in town that 's open today , so it 's packed . 
 the coffee 's actually not horrible , but that 's the best recommendation i can honestly give it . 
 and predictably , the whole place smells like fish , which sort of detracts from the intended bistro ambiance . 
 did your day go as planned ? 
 you 're locking and alarming your house every night , right ? 
 i do n't mean to be insulting , but you said you were going to be home alone . 
 lm landon , yes , i 'm amply skilled in locking up at night . 
 the state-of-the-art alarm system is fully engaged . 
 -lrb- and i 'm not insulted . 
 i appreciate the concern . -rrb- 
 i spent the day at my ex 's . 
 his parents have no idea we 're broken up-he never told them , for some reason . 
 it was awkward . 
 i do n't know why i let him talk me into going . 
 he wants to see me saturday to `` talk . '' 
 i may go back to campus early . 
 i have n't decided yet . 
 i 'm seeing friends tomorrow , so that should be more fun . 
 what about your family ? 
 what did you do ? 
 jw i could n't be sure when he 'd get my answer , since he 'd need the bait and tackle and coffee 's wifi to sign on . 
 after a restless night-one that crawled by , leaving me more exhausted than i started-i made coffee and signed into to my school email . 
 unsurprisingly , there was nothing new from lmaxfield in my inbox . 
 i thought about texting lucas , but what would i say ? 
 that i 'd tossed and turned all night , thinking of his hands on me ? 
 chapter 15 when i stopped for gas halfway back to campus , i sent kennedy a text telling him i 'd decided to go back early . 
 my phone rang before i even pulled back onto the interstate . 
 kennedy . 
 i took a deep breath and switched off the stereo before answering . 
 `` you 've already left ? 
 i thought you were leaving tomorrow . 
 i thought we were going to talk tonight . '' 
 i sighed , wanting to bang my head on the steering wheel , which was n't the best idea while driving seventy miles an hour . 
 `` i do n't understand what it is you want to talk about , kennedy . '' 
 i wondered if he 'd been blind to how many times i 'd been ready and willing to talk , and the multitude of chances he 'd carelessly ignored . 
 `` i think i made a mistake , jackie . '' 
 misinterpreting my stunned silence , he added , `` i mean jacqueline . 
 sorry , i think that 's going to take me a while - '' `` what do you mean , you made a mistake ? '' 
 `` us . 
 breaking up . '' 
 i was silent again , the words sticking as i tried to take them in , gulp them down . 
 i 'd avoided campus gossip as much as possible , but i 'd heard and seen enough to know that kennedy had been no saint in the weeks we 'd spent apart . 
 he 'd also had no shortage of willing participants . 
 but girls willing to share your bed do n't equal girls willing to put up with your random crap moods , listen to your exhaustive legal opinions , or support your life 's goals the way someone who loves you would . 
 no-that had been my role . 
 and i 'd been dismissed from it . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he sighed and i imagined what i knew he was doing-staring up at the ceiling , combing his hair back from his forehead and leaving his hand there , elbow bent . 
 he could n't hide habitual mannerisms from me , even on the phone . 
 `` why did i make a mistake , or why do i think it was a mistake ? '' 
 i knew , too , that answering a question with a question was his way of buying time while he reasoned his way out of a problematic situation . 
 `` this conversation would have been easier in person - '' `` we were together almost three years , and you just broke up with me-without even-there was n't - '' i was sputtering . 
 i stopped and took a deep breath . 
 `` maybe it was n't a mistake . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 he had the nerve to sound hurt . 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' i snapped . 
 `` maybe the same way you so easily broke it off in the first place . '' 
 `` jackie - '' my teeth ground together . 
 `` do n't . 
 call . 
 me . 
 that . '' 
 he was silent , and all i heard was road noise as my truck ate the miles of nothing between the last town and the next . 
 most of the fields on either side of the road were inactive , given the time of year , but a huge green picker was making its way through one cotton field , and i stared at it . 
 no matter what happened to any individual person , life was going on elsewhere . 
 the first time kennedy kissed me , it stood to reason that at the same time , other people were splitting up . 
 and the night kennedy broke my heart , somewhere-maybe right there in my dorm , other people were falling in love . 
 `` jacqueline . 
 i do n't know what you want me to say . '' 
 in a matter of seconds , i 'd passed through a town that boasted a sizable outlet mall and little else . 
 every mile took me farther from kennedy . 
 closer to lucas . 
 i was unsettled by the notion that lucas was someone to go to , before realizing that he 'd been that safety zone for me from the moment we met . 
 `` nothing , '' i replied . 
 `` i do n't want you to say anything . '' 
 my ex had the sense to know when he 'd reached a deadlock . 
 he thanked me for coming thursday and said he 'd be in touch once he got back to campus , which i did n't acknowledge . 
 *** jacqueline , it sounds like he wants you back , or at least , he wants something more than friendship . 
 the question is , what do you want ? 
 my family is just my dad and me . 
 we had old friends over for thanksgiving day , so he was more conversational than he would have been otherwise . 
 when it 's just the two of us in that house , we tend to go hours without speaking . 
 if you do n't count `` excuse me '' and `` pass the salt '' sorts of things , the silence can encompass whole days . 
 dad owns a charter fishing boat . 
 not much going on this time of year in the bay , though he arranges deep-sea fishing trips or native bird-watching tours over the winter . 
 he 'd scheduled one for today , so we said our goodbyes at 5am , and here i am , back at my place just after noon . 
 lm lucas was ten minutes from me . 
 i wrestled with the urge to text him and tell him i was back , too . 
 i knew i would n't win this battle for long . 
 i unpacked and did laundry . 
 the machines on our floor were easy-access while there were so few of us back , but that would n't be the case tomorrow , when everyone returned . 
 i 'd been choosing laundry times that did n't require me to go up or down . 
 avoiding the stairwell altogether had become one of my quirks . 
 i would n't go into it at all , even in a group . 
 my subterfuge worked with everyone but erin , who eyed me closely the second time i used , `` i forgot something in my room-i 'll meet you downstairs . '' 
 one night , she asked me outright , `` you 're afraid to go into the stairwell , are n't you ? '' 
 i was painting my toenails blood red , and i stared at the tiny brush and tried to keep my hand from shaking . 
 start at the cuticle , sweep up . 
 start at the cuticle , sweep up . 
 `` would n't you be ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she answered . 
 the next time , it was erin saying , `` oh crap , i left my purse in my room . 
 j , come let me in , would ya ? '' 
 turning to the others , she said , `` hey , we 'll meet y ' all downstairs in five . '' 
 me : i 'm back . 
 lucas : i did n't think you were coming back until tomorrow . 
 me : i changed my mind . 
 lucas : so i see . 
 free tonight ? 
 me : yes . 
 lucas : dinner ? 
 me : yes . 
 lucas : i 'll pick you up at 7 . 
 `` i 've never had a guy cook for me before . '' 
 he smiled from the other side of the counter , chopping raw vegetables and drizzling something over them that he 'd just mixed up . 
 `` good . 
 that should effectively lower your expectations . '' 
 he emptied the ingredients onto a piece of foil , rolled it up , and put it into the oven with the rest of dinner . 
 i inhaled through my nose . 
 `` mmm , no , it smells good . 
 and you look like you know what you 're doing back there . 
 i 'm afraid my expectations are abnormally high . '' 
 he set a timer , washed and dried his hands , and came around the corner , taking my hand and leading me to the sofa . 
 `` we 've got fifteen minutes . '' 
 we sat side-by-side , and he examined my hand , the pads of his fingers cool as he traced the short nails that would n't interfere with my bass playing , his thumb stroking over the back of my hand . 
 rotating it gently , his index finger traced up and down , inside the sensitive valleys between my fingers . 
 he drew a spiral on my palm , slowly moving to center , and i was mesmerized , watching and feeling him touch me so softly . 
 his fingers slid between mine , palm to palm , and he reached to pull me onto his lap , his lips at the base of my throat . 
 when the timer sounded minutes later , i was beyond being able to hear it . 
 the meal he 'd prepared was enclosed in individual foil packets-veggies , baked potatoes and red snapper he 'd caught two days ago . 
 francis meowed like a fire alarm until given his own portion of the latter . 
 `` so i guess you 're used to cooking for one ? '' 
 i asked as we moved to the tiny table pushed against the only blank wall . 
 he nodded , `` for the last three years or so . 
 before that , cooking for two . '' 
 `` you cooked ? 
 not your mom or dad ? '' 
 he cleared his throat , picking at his potato with his fork . 
 `` my mom died when i was thirteen . 
 before that , yeah , she cooked . 
 after ... well , it was either learn to cook or live on toast and fish-which i suspect dad does when i 'm not home , though i try to get him to buy fruit or something green occasionally . '' 
 oh . 
 his story lined up with landon 's - living with his father , no siblings-and he must have been conscious of that . 
 he 'd also been a boy who 'd lost his mother , and i was too aware of that to call him out for duplicity just then . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he nodded once , but did n't offer anything further . 
 after we ate , he let the cat outside , came back to the table and took my hand , and led me to his bedroom . 
 we lay on our sides in the center of his bed , facing each other , saying nothing . 
 his touch was almost unbearably light , whispering over my jaw , trailing down the side of my neck before releasing the buttons of the white shirt i 'd chosen , one by one . 
 sliding it from my shoulder , he touched his lips to the bare skin , and i closed my eyes and sighed . 
 my hands pushed under his shirt until he sat up , yanked it over his head , and flung it off in one movement , lying over me and kissing me . 
 his mouth was demanding , his lips parting mine , tongue driving into my mouth . 
 i thought i felt a tremor move through him when my hand gripped the place on his side where the words were inscribed . 
 he rolled me above him and pushed the shirt from my opposite shoulder , left it there , half-removed , while he moved his attention to the bare skin above the flesh-toned bra , my entire body straining toward his like a static charge that drew me in . 
 without question or explanation , he stopped at the line i 'd drawn last week . 
 talking was limited to there and god and oh . 
 and then nothing but hums and moans and unintelligible sounds that could only be interpreted as yes , yes , yes . 
 `` i should get you back . '' 
 his voice was gruff . 
 we had n't spoken in at least an hour . 
 the clock on his desk showed that the time had crept close to midnight . 
 he handed me the discarded bra and pulled his shirt back over his head . 
 when i stood , he held my shirt as i slid my arms into the sleeves , and then he turned me , buttoning the buttons and leaning down to kiss me when he was done , his hands framing my face . 
 standing by his bike , i was pulling on my gloves when the back door of the house across the yard opened and a man emerged , holding a full kitchen trash bag . 
 he opened the wheeled garbage bin and tossed it in . 
 as he turned to go inside , i noticed lucas was stock-still , frozen , watching him . 
 as though he felt our eyes on him , the man turned under the back door floodlight . 
 he was dr. heller . 
 `` landon ? '' 
 he said , and neither of us moved or responded . 
 `` jacqueline ? '' 
 he added , confused . 
 all at once , he appeared to register what time it was , and the fact that the two of us had just exited his tenant 's apartment . 
 there could be no tutoring excuse-not that it was appropriate for us to meet in the apartment for tutoring , no matter the time of day . 
 no one spoke for one long moment , and then dr. heller 's shoulders sagged . 
 he sighed before pinning lucas with a resolute expression . 
 `` i 'll need you to meet me in the kitchen when you return . 
 no more than thirty minutes , please . '' 
 lucas 's hands were tight around the helmet . 
 he gave dr. heller one sharp nod before putting it on . 
 when he turned to make sure i 'd strapped mine correctly , our eyes met once but he did n't speak and neither did i . 
 during the ten-minute ride back , no clarity rushed in . 
 no magic words , no exoneration for his lies . 
 i could n't think of anything to say or do other than wait for him to tell me why . 
 we arrived and i climbed down from behind him , awkwardly removing the helmet and the hair tie with my gloved fingers . 
 still straddling the bike , he removed his helmet , too , and stored them both away as though he had no plans to put his back on . 
 when i faced him , he was staring at his hands , tight on the wide handlebars . 
 `` you already knew , did n't you ? '' 
 his voice was low , but i could n't tell his frame of mind . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he looked up at me , frowning and searching my eyes . 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 `` why did n't you ? '' 
 i returned . 
 i did n't want to answer questions . 
 i wanted my questions answered , and i was ticked off that he was going to make me ask them . 
 `` so your name is landon ? 
 but ralph calls you lucas . 
 and that girl-other people call you lucas . 
 so which is it ? '' 
 his gaze returned to his hands for a moment , and my anger expanded like a balloon inflating beneath my ribs . 
 he seemed to be deciding what to tell me and what to withhold . 
 the harley rumbled softly , ready to rocket away at a second 's notice . 
 `` it 's both . 
 landon is my first name , lucas the middle . 
 i go by lucas ... now . 
 but charles-dr . 
 heller-has known me a long time . 
 he still calls me landon . '' 
 his eyes swung up to mine . 
 `` you know , i think , how difficult it is to get some people to stop calling you what they 've always called you . '' 
 very logical . 
 all of it . 
 except the part where he pretended to be two different guys with me . 
 `` you could have told me . 
 you did n't . 
 you lied to me . '' 
 he turned the bike off and swung his leg over , standing in front of me and gripping my shoulders . 
 `` i never lied to you . 
 you made assumptions-based on what ch-dr . 
 heller called me . 
 look through our emails . 
 i never called myself landon . '' 
 i shrugged from his grasp . 
 `` but you let me call you landon . '' 
 his hands dropped but he stared down at me , keeping me from moving . 
 `` you 're right , this was my fault . 
 and i 'm sorry . 
 i wanted you , and this could n't happen as landon . 
 anything between us is against the rules , and i broke them . '' 
 i swallowed thickly , combating choking up . 
 i heard what he had n't said , yet . 
 he was telling me it was over , just like that . 
 the awful reality of desertion that kennedy had begun weeks before came rushing back as though a dam had broken , and with no notice i was drowning in it . 
 my parents had deserted me , kennedy had deserted me , my friends , except for erin and maggie , had deserted me . 
 and now lucas-and landon . 
 two different relationships , both of which had become significant . 
 `` so it 's just over . '' 
 he stared , and i could n't have felt it more if his fingers roamed over my face . 
 `` your grade could be at stake otherwise . 
 i 'll take responsibility for this , tonight , when i get back ; dr. heller wo n't hold you accountable . '' 
 `` so it 's just over , '' i repeated . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 i turned and walked into the building , and did n't hear the engine of the harley rumble to life until my foot was on the bottom stair . 
 chapter 16 `` ms. wallace , please see me for just a moment after class . '' 
 i glanced up to meet dr. heller 's gaze at the end of the lecture monday , and nodded my assent . 
 `` ooohhh , '' benji said . 
 `` you little troublemaker . '' 
 his smile fell when he saw my face . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 you are n't actually in trouble are you ? '' 
 he glanced to the back of the classroom , zeroing in on the only reason i could be in hot water with the professor . 
 `` did he find out about-you know . '' 
 he inclined his head in lucas 's direction . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his eyes widened and he lowered his voice . 
 `` oh , shit , are you serious ? 
 how ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 he found out , and it 's over . '' 
 pinning his lips together , he stuffed his notebook into his backpack and sighed . 
 `` oh , man . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 his hazel eyes were full of sympathy . 
 `` anything i can do ? '' 
 i shook my head again , needing to redirect the conversation . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 how did the coming out go ? '' 
 smiling broadly , he held his arms wide . 
 `` as you can see , i 'm still in one piece , with all essential parts accounted for . '' 
 he waggled his brows , tossing his backpack over his shoulder after i gave him a shove . 
 `` it was good . 
 getting everything out in the open was a relief-to both of us , i think . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i was happy for him , though i 'd not had the same experience with recent public revelations . 
 i would n't glance back at lucas . 
 he 'd stared at his sketchbook when i 'd entered the classroom , resolutely against even looking at me . 
 `` hey , jacqueline . '' 
 kennedy smiled as we passed in the aisle , as though he was proud of himself for finally remembering my name . 
 `` hi , '' i returned , slipping by him on my way down to the front of the lecture hall . 
 when i stopped on the lowest step , dr. heller glanced over the heads of the students clustered around him and requested that i come in during his afternoon office hours to pick up my paper . 
 his unflinching expression said it was n't an invitation as much as a directive . 
 my face warm , i told him i would be there . 
 *** `` you have n't done anything wrong , so you have nothing to be worried about . 
 probably he just wants to make sure lucas-landon-sideshow bob-whoever the hell he is did n't take advantage of you . '' 
 i appreciated erin 's reassurances , as mistaken as they might be . 
 reclining on my bed , booted feet hanging off the end , i stared at the square of leaden sky visible from our single four-by-four window . 
 even in our overly warm room , i shivered . 
 erin and i discovered last winter that the ancient central heating would pump hot air into our little room until it was a sauna , only to click off and resume a slow slide back to frigid before rebooting back to sauna . 
 it was a wonder we had n't both ended up with pneumonia by february . 
 `` landon was the perfect tutor . 
 what 's between lucas and me is no one 's business . '' 
 `` except mine , '' erin quipped . 
 i turned my head and half-smiled . 
 `` except yours . '' 
 she added the finishing touches to a glitter-covered , sorority-themed poster . 
 `` what time are you supposed to be there ? '' 
 `` between 3:30 and 4:30 . '' 
 `` you 'd better scoot . 
 i 'm heading to work as soon as i finish this thing . 
 text me and let me know if i need to kick anyone 's ass . 
 do n't forget-tomorrow we 're getting dresses for the bash this weekend . '' 
 my roommate 's ability to change subjects rapidly was legendary . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 *** dr. heller regarded me from the opposite side of his desk for the second time this semester , and i struggled not to squirm in the chair . 
 i 'd never been a kid who earned teachers ' disapproval ; finding myself in this position twice in a matter of weeks was unbelievable . 
 he 'd not looked at me since inviting me to have a seat . 
 rifling through a stack of folders and papers , he pulled out my research paper with a muttered , `` ah-ha . '' 
 my hands clenched in my lap as he perused it , skimming through the stapled pages . 
 i wondered if he 'd already written a grade on it , or if what i said or did n't say in the coming minutes would influence it . 
 he cleared his throat and i flinched . 
 `` i 've spoken with mr. maxfield , which i assume you know . '' 
 i took a nervous breath . 
 `` no , sir . 
 we have n't spoken . '' 
 his eyebrows rose , eyes widening . 
 `` i see . '' 
 he frowned as though he was confused . 
 `` well . 
 i 'll ask you what i asked him , and i would appreciate your honesty , please . 
 did he assist you in producing this paper ? '' 
 i returned his perplexed frown , unsure what , exactly , he was asking . 
 `` he gave me some leads on research sources . 
 and he read the completed paper and pointed out a few errors i needed to correct before turning it in . 
 but the work is mine . '' 
 he nodded and sighed . 
 `` all right . 
 there 's also a matter of a quiz you may have been given some ... let 's say notice of ... ahead of the other students ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` he suggested that i do the worksheet he 'd sent . '' 
 dr. heller examined me with a direct look and one raised , bushy eyebrow , and i amended , `` he suggested very strongly that i do it . 
 but he never told me there was going to be a quiz , and frankly , i just thought he was being bossy-i did n't even pick up on any hint - '' shit . 
 `` he 's taken complete responsibility for his error in judgment , ms. wallace . '' 
 i could n't breathe , my thoughts rioting . 
 from the first moment i saw him-facing buck in that parking lot after , i can only assume , pulling him off me-he 'd been protecting me . 
 was he in danger of being fired from his job because of our relationship , whatever it had been ? 
 i moved closer , my hand on the desk . 
 `` lucas did n't - he did n't take advantage of me in any way . 
 he was very helpful as a tutor . 
 i have another class during his group sessions , so i could n't attend them , but he emailed the worksheets to me . '' 
 breathless , i stopped , not wanting to make this worse than it already was . 
 i could n't resemble some infatuated girl or my declarations would n't carry any weight at all . 
 `` he should n't be in trouble because of me . '' 
 my professor stared at my paper , still in his hands . 
 if anything , he looked more concerned than he had moments ago . 
 forehead creased , he raised his eyes and stared at me a moment . 
 `` he also says that you were n't aware of the fact that the boy you were ... seeing ... was your tutor . 
 that your academic relationship was carried out through email only . '' 
 i nodded , unwilling to contradict anything lucas said . 
 he sighed again , sitting back in thought , one hand covering his mouth . 
 finally , he slid the paper across the desk to me . 
 `` your research and the conclusions reached were impressive for an undergrad . 
 good job , ms. wallace . 
 if you do well on the final , your grade in the course should n't suffer from the , um , emotional upheavals you faced mid-semester . 
 a word of advice , though . 
 this wo n't be the last time you have to deal with something in life that throws you off your game . 
 in future courses , as well as in the real world-such as it is-professors and employers wo n't always be accommodating . 
 we all have to-what 's my daughter 's terminology-suck it up and deal ? '' 
 i resisted flipping to the last page to check my grade . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i knew i should stand up , thank him , and scramble out of his office while i was still on his good side . 
 i could n't do it . 
 `` and lucas ? 
 is he in trouble ? 
 will he ... will he lose his job ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` there does n't appear to have been any real harm done , although i 've reminded landon-er , lucas-that sometimes , how a situation is perceived carries more weight than the reality of the matter . 
 with that in mind , i suggested that he limit himself to appropriate tutoring interactions for the duration of the semester . '' 
 lucas had n't mentioned any possibility of future interactions . 
 his answer to whether or not it was over had been conclusive , and he had n't emailed or texted me to contradict it , nor had he looked my way in class today that i knew of . 
 `` thank you , dr. heller . '' 
 i waited until i was outside to check the grade i 'd received-a 94 . 
 unquestionably better than i would have done on the midterm , had i been present for it . 
 *** i ignored lucas on my way to my seat before class on wednesday and friday , and ignored him again as i left , especially as i found kennedy waiting in the aisle to walk me out both days . 
 on wednesday , my ex asked me how the tutoring was going . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i stumbled on the next step and he caught my elbow . 
 `` was it two eighth-graders or two ninth-graders who had massive crushes on you ? '' 
 he laughed , turning the heads of two girls we passed on the way outside ; per typical kennedy , he did n't seem to notice . 
 `` or do they all have a crush on you by now ? '' 
 ah-bass lessons , not economics tutoring . 
 i tucked my chin into my fuzzy scarf and pulled my coat 's zipper to my throat when we rounded the corner of the building and a blast of frigid air hit us , and he turned up his collar and shoved his bare hands into his coat pockets . 
 `` i have no idea what they 're thinking , most of the time . 
 they 're all a little surly . '' 
 he glanced at me and smiled , that dimple riveting my attention as it had since the first time i saw it , and from there , his beautiful green eyes . 
 he bumped me lightly with his elbow . 
 `` surliness is sound evidence that they 're all crushing on you . '' 
 scowling , i faced forward and picked up the pace . 
 i could n't imagine where he was going with that , but i was n't following . 
 `` i 'll see you later , kennedy . 
 i have to get to spanish . '' 
 he caught my arm . 
 `` maggie said you were coming to the bash on saturday ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 erin and i spent four hours shopping for dresses and shoes tuesday night . 
 she was going all out in her intention to make chaz regret any decision he 'd made that did n't include worshipping at her feet . 
 `` what happened to ' i love the hunt ' ? '' 
 i 'd asked as she discarded the tenth or eleventh not-quite-perfect cocktail dress before shimmying into a bit of silver fabric with a thigh-high split . 
 smiling into the mirror with predatory resolve , she 'd waited for me to zip her up and examined her body in the reflective dress that set off her red hair like she was on fire . 
 `` oh , i 'm hunting all right , '' she 'd purred . 
 i split away from kennedy without a backward glance , and he called , `` see you later , jacqueline . '' 
 i considered and rejected every excuse i could cook up for why i needed to bow out , belatedly wishing that i had never agreed to accompany erin to the annual bash . 
 my normally sane roommate was determined to make her ex-boyfriend 's life a living hell for at least one night . 
 at dinner friday , she said , `` i have to do this . 
 for closure . '' 
 maggie arched a brow at me from across the table . 
 between the erin/chaz drama , kennedy 's attempts to reverse our breakup , and the likely presence of buck , saturday night could n't be over soon enough for me . 
 *** avoiding eye contact during the self-defense class saturday morning proved more difficult than dodging each other during economics , but lucas and i managed it for the first hour . 
 the oddest part of the past week was the worksheets he continued to send , but without any note beyond . 
 the entire email consisted of : new worksheet attached , lm . 
 `` where a kick is more likely to be miscalculated by the victim or evaded by the perp , a knee-strike is close-range and more easily executed , so we 're going to focus on this defense first . '' 
 ralph 's voice brought me back to the self-defense class . 
 `` and i assume you ladies know what you 're aimin ' for with that knee . '' 
 dividing into two groups as we had two weeks ago , i went to stand in don 's group and erin followed . 
 he held a thick pad with straps for his muscular forearm to hold it in place , explaining knee-strike basics and asking for a volunteer to help demonstrate , which erin readily answered . 
 i was proud of her resounding no ! 
 as she grabbed don 's shoulders and slammed her knee into the pad . 
 i recognized the move from lucas having used it on buck-though he 'd struck him under the chin rather than the groin . 
 buck had gone straight to the ground . 
 and stayed there . 
 when it was my turn , my self-conscious hesitation disappeared with my group 's vocal encouragement and don 's `` again ! '' 
 between each strike . 
 exhilarated , i walked back to erin wide-eyed and shaking with adrenaline . 
 she laughed and said , `` i know , right ? '' 
 we progressed to kicks , and every time i landed one and heard don 's gratifying grunt , my fear that i could never replicate these in real life lessened . 
 vickie-the white-haired woman who 'd unknowingly given me the courage to remain in the class two weeks ago-asked how , even if we hit the right place with enough force , we could win against a man his size . 
 don reminded us that we did n't have to win a fight-we just had to get away . 
 `` every second buys you time to run . '' 
 when ralph announced a short break , i stole a look at lucas . 
 over the heads of two girls , one of whom was talking to him , his eyes were on me , their icy gray-blue almost colorless from across the bright room . 
 after the physical activity of the morning , my response was overwhelming . 
 my breath went shallow and quick , neither of us turning away until erin hooked her arm through mine and tugged . 
 `` c'mon , lovergirl , '' she murmured , inaudible to anyone but me . 
 i flushed as i let her lead me into the hallway , toward the locker room . 
 leaning over the sink , i splashed water on my face and stared into the mirror , wondering what lucas saw when he looked at me . 
 what kennedy saw . 
 what buck saw . 
 `` got it bad , do n'tcha ? '' 
 erin handed me a paper towel and pursed her lips , angling her head as she examined my face in the mirror , too . 
 her dark eyes met mine . 
 `` i should have known that hookup therapy would n't work for you . 
 if it makes you feel any better , he does n't look any less strung out than you do . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , patting the water from my cheeks . 
 `` believe it or not , that does n't make me feel better . '' 
 she arched a brow , her gaze moving to her own reflection as she smoothed an imaginary imperfection on her lip and adjusted her wild ponytail . 
 `` mmm-hmm . '' 
 *** `` we 're ready to learn the last few moves over the next hour or so-defense against holds and chokes . 
 next week , we 'll integrate everything you 've learned into potential scenarios . '' 
 clapping his hands together , ralph added , `` divide up and let 's get started . '' 
 after the twelve of us had automatically separated into our previous groups , ralph addressed the men , who were partially padded up , including headgear . 
 `` don , lucas , let 's have you two switch off for this part . 
 mix up the attacker tactics a bit . '' 
 oh , god . 
 so much for avoiding each other . 
 though i knew there was no avoiding this , my brain cast about for any way out of having lucas 's arms locked around me in front of everyone . 
 the first attack was called the bear hug , and the intrepid , white-haired vickie volunteered to help demonstrate the slow-motion defense against it . 
 i watched with erin and the other three ladies in my group , my breathing erratic and my heart thudding like it was trying to break out of my ribcage . 
 he 'd not even touched me yet . 
 the need for headgear became obvious when he explained the use of head-butts-the back of the victim 's head smashing into the mouth or nose of the assailant . 
 there was also instep-stomping -lrb- everyone laughed when lucas requested that we refrain from actual stomping of his unpadded foot-he would gladly react as though we 'd done it forcefully -rrb- , elbow to the midsection , and a move termed the lawnmower by ralph , who came over to check on our progress . 
 moving to stand in front of lucas , he said , `` this 'll be another move that we 'd prefer no one tries in earnest on our brave instructors . '' 
 he turned and clapped lucas 's shoulder . 
 `` we do n't wan na render our boys incapable of fatherhood . '' 
 as the ladies chuckled , lucas flushed slightly pink and stared at the floor , his lips screwed into a discomfited smirk . 
 `` in a real life attack , if you have a hand free and low , you will reach back and grab the goods , twisting and pulling straight out like you 're startin ' a lawnmower . '' 
 he demonstrated , complete with a lawnmower-starting sound-effect , and even don 's group was watching and laughing . 
 lucas bit his lip and shook his head . 
 one by one , the six of us went to stand in front of him , facing the group , waiting for him to grab them so they could practice the techniques . 
 the lawnmower was a favorite of the older ladies , and they all used it , along with the sound effect . 
 eyes sparkling , erin used every single defense we 'd just learned , one after the other-head-butt , foot-stomp , shin-scrape , elbow to the abdomen with one arm and lawnmower-starting with the other . 
 the ladies in our group cheered and lucas said , `` good job . 
 he 'll be on the ground begging you to run away at this point . '' 
 `` should i kick him first ? '' 
 she asked , completely serious . 
 `` uh ... if he 's not making a move toward you , then run . 
 you do n't want him to grab your foot and pull you down . '' 
 erin nodded and walked back to me , squeezing my hand when she reached my side . 
 he looked into my eyes as i approached . 
 i stared back , turning my back to him as i reached him , trying to concentrate on what i was supposed to do next . 
 suddenly , his arms were around me like bands , but gentler than any assailant would ever be . 
 his muscled arms were solid and unyielding . 
 unnerved , i forgot every defense i 'd just learned and struggled ineffectively against his strength . 
 `` hit me , jacqueline , '' he said in my ear . 
 `` elbow . '' 
 i elbowed his pad-covered abdomen and he grunted . 
 `` good . 
 foot stomp . '' 
 i acted it out , carefully . 
 `` head-butt . '' 
 the top of my head barely reached his padded chin , but i butted it . 
 `` lawnmower . '' 
 his voice was soft , breathy , and i could not , even drawing on every bit of imagination i possessed , picture touching him there to harm him . 
 i did the move , without the sound effect , blushing full-on , and he let go . 
 stumbling toward erin , i would have felt foolish but for the fact that every woman in the room was doing exactly what i 'd just done . 
 except not with a guy whose touch made her insides go hot and liquid . 
 not with a guy who made her want to turn and be wrapped up in those arms . 
 my group smiled and patted my shoulders and commended me as if i had n't completely frozen in the beginning . 
 the front bear hug was worse , but for the way lucas 's eyes dilated slightly when i looked up at him , my chest pressed against his . 
 like erin said , he was not unaffected-a knowledge that made me feel both better and worse . 
 the chokeholds were easier , and i did them without his verbal cues . 
 and then the class was over , with ralph encouraging us to practice-carefully-over the coming week . 
 `` next week the guys will be in full body gear , and you 'll be able to clobber the daylights out of 'em , no holds barred . '' 
 erin and vickie high-fived , and ralph beamed at them both , rubbing his palms together . 
 `` bloodthirsty and ruthless . 
 exactly what i wan na see . '' 
 chapter 17 i had n't attended any greek events since the halloween party , and had only seen buck in passing since the stairwell incident-always within a group , and always in public . 
 when he moved closer , i moved away , as though his very being repelled me , which was true . 
 the mere thought of him still made my mouth go dry and my stomach knot . 
 in our room , erin turned after her final mirror check . 
 `` he 'd better stay the hell away from you or i will whip out the lawnmower on his ass , '' she declared . 
 `` that move 's not for ass use , '' i joked , hating the tremor that lanced through me at the thought of buck with his arms banded around me . 
 i hoped erin was ready to have a shadow , because i did n't intend to leave her side . 
 her arm encircling my shoulders , she turned us both to face the full-length mirror . 
 `` we look hot , girlfriend . '' 
 her eyes met mine in the reflection . 
 `` thanks for doing this . 
 the girls have been real supportive , but they 're not you . 
 i feel stronger knowing you 'll be with me . '' 
 i smiled and hugged her to my side . 
 we did look hot . 
 in the shimmery silver dress , with her silver-strappy heels , erin was her own disco ball . 
 my blue sheath-simply cut in front and the exact shade of my eyes-looked basic if not dull next to erin , until i turned around . 
 the combination of bass playing and yoga had given me a toned back , and the dress showed it off with a `` v '' cut almost to the waist . 
 the nosebleed-level black patent slingbacks on my feet negated dull quite a bit all on their own . 
 erin did a couple of dance moves . 
 `` let 's go make chaz wish he was never born . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and laughed . 
 `` oh , erin . 
 i 'm so glad you 're on my side . '' 
 `` damn right , bitch . '' 
 she slapped my butt and we grabbed our coats . 
 in unspoken agreement , we passed the stairwell door and walked down the wide , open front staircase to meet our ride . 
 everyone we passed gawked-one scrawny freshman tripping on a step , his eyes moving between erin and me . 
 luckily , he was going up , so he landed on both hands , practically at erin 's feet . 
 `` whoa , '' he breathed taking her in . 
 she patted his head as she passed him , crooning , `` aww , how sweet , '' like he was a puppy . 
 his adoring expression at her touch indicated that here was a guy willing to put her on a pedestal and treat her like a goddess . 
 i suspected that erin did n't want that from a guy nearly as much as she insisted she did . 
 *** the men of chaz 's fraternity had gone all out , hanging an actual disco ball and hiring a band . 
 outfitted in suits , ties , and a hazardous level of confidence , they all looked hotter than hell and every one of them knew it . 
 two guys from the pledge class were at the door , one hanging coats , the other taking the plus-one invitation erin handed over and giving us each a strip of tickets for the ` bar ' set up in the kitchen and a raffle ticket for the table of prizes another pledge watched over . 
 the prizes were mostly electronic provisions-from ipods to game systems to a 42 '' flatscreen . 
 `` boys , '' erin scoffed . 
 `` where 's a spa day ? 
 or a victoria 's secret shopping spree ? '' 
 the table guard 's eyes widened in obvious approval of the latter idea . 
 `` hello , erin , '' a deep voice said . 
 we turned , and there was chaz , looking amazing in a perfectly-cut charcoal gray suit and red tie that somehow blended perfectly with erin 's hair . 
 he glanced at me , his eyes warm and friendly . 
 `` hi , jacqueline . '' 
 i sensed no reproach over the fact that their relationship had detonated over erin standing up for me . 
 `` hi , chaz . 
 the place looks awesome . '' 
 i answered for both of us while erin swayed to the music and waved at friends , as though her ex did n't exist . 
 the theme of the bash this year was saturday night fever . 
 the band shifted from playing a keith urban cover to a bee gees song-something popular when my parents were in grade school , maybe . 
 chaz glanced around perfunctorily , his eyes returning to me . 
 `` thanks , '' he said , and then he only had eyes for erin . 
 watching the people already dancing , she snagged a full red cup from a passing guy with a handful of them . 
 he started to protest , but chaz glared , daring him to say a word to her . 
 he buttoned his lip and kept moving . 
 while she sipped and pretended to be oblivious to his presence , he stared at her . 
 it was obvious where he wanted this to go , and the fact that erin was conspicuously gazing anywhere but at him told me she was anything but immune . 
 they did n't move from each other 's orbits the rest of the night , but he did n't attempt to speak to her again , either . 
 i knew chaz was a good guy , if misguided and gullible . 
 he 'd swallowed buck 's side of what happened between us , had argued with erin that maybe i was drunk that night , and i did n't remember everything clearly . 
 he was probably one of those boys to whom rapists were ugly men who jumped out of bushes , assaulting random girls . 
 rapists were n't your nice-guy coworker , or your frat brother , or your best friend . 
 maybe it never occurred to him that his best friend was capable of ripping a girl 's self-confidence away in the span of five minutes . 
 that he could hurt someone innocent to wound a rival . 
 that he could violate her in a twisted attempt to obliterate his own powerlessness . 
 that he could make her feel constantly threatened , and not give a shit . 
 the only time i felt completely safe was when i was with lucas . 
 damn . 
 ten minutes later , i was watching buck dance with a senior from erin 's sorority . 
 he smiled and laughed , and so did she . 
 he looked so ... normal . 
 for the first time , i wondered if i was the only girl he 'd ever terrorized , and if so , why . 
 i jumped when i heard kennedy 's voice in my ear . 
 `` you look stunning , jacqueline . '' 
 my drink sloshed over the cup 's rim onto my hand , luckily missing my dress . 
 he took the cup from my hand . 
 `` ah , i 'm sorry-didn ' t mean to startle you . 
 c'mon , let me get you a towel . '' 
 i was disconcerted enough from his arm steering me through the crowd , his hand on my bare back , that i was n't aware of the separation from erin until we were in the kitchen with my arm over the sink as though i had a mortal injury rather than a beer-soaked hand . 
 he rinsed and patted my hand dry , and i withdrew it from his grasp when he did n't let go right away . 
 he ignored my withdrawal , smiling down at me . 
 `` as i was trying to say before-you look beautiful tonight . 
 i 'm glad you came . '' 
 the music was loud , and conversation required us to stand closer than i wanted to be . 
 `` i came for erin , kennedy . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but that does n't diminish my satisfaction that you 're here . '' 
 he was wearing his usual lacoste cologne , but it no longer made me want to lean against him and inhale . 
 once again , he stood in direct contrast to lucas , whose scent was n't any one thing-it was his leather jacket and his barely-there aftershave , the meal he 'd cooked for me and the subtle yet sharp smell of graphite on his fingers after he 'd been drawing , the exhaust of his harley and the minty shampoo smell of his pillow . 
 one brow cocked , kennedy looked at me closely , and i realized he 'd probably said or asked something . 
 `` i 'm sorry , what ? '' 
 i leaned my ear toward him so i could take a second to push lucas from my mind . 
 `` i said , ` let 's dance . ' '' 
 unable to shake my errant thoughts , i agreed and let my ex lead me to the designated dance floor , right in front of the band . 
 an area had been cleared of furniture just under the motorized disco ball , which hung dangerously low for some of the taller guys . 
 rotating slowly , its mirrored surface threw flashes of light in waves around the room , illuminating faces and gyrating bodies , and glinting off any reflective surface from doorknobs to jewelry to erin 's silver dress . 
 her hands were locked behind the neck of a pi kappa alpha senior , an empty cup hanging from her fingertips . 
 her dance partner was unknowingly at the receiving end of a death glare from chaz . 
 erin had noticed , though , and she pressed closer to him , staring up into his eyes with rapt attention . 
 poor chaz . 
 i should be angry with him , too , but he was clearly miserable . 
 `` i heard about chaz and erin . 
 what happened ? '' 
 kennedy had followed my gaze . 
 `` you should ask him . '' 
 i wondered what kennedy would make of buck 's behavior . 
 they were civil with each other , but that competitive fixation had been between them from day one . 
 `` i did , sort of . 
 he did n't seem to want to talk about it . 
 said they 'd had a big fight , she was being unreasonable , blah blah-you know , the stupid stuff guys say when we f ** k up something good . '' 
 just then , the music changed to something fast , allowing me to reinstate my bubble of personal space and fortunately axing the conversation about breakups and fuckups . 
 i was so relieved to end that exchange that i failed to pay attention to where erin was . 
 i failed to pay attention to where buck was . 
 in a lull between songs , he walked up behind me . 
 `` hey , jacqueline '' he said , and i jumped for the second time that night . 
 `` are you done dancing with this loser ? 
 come dance with me . '' 
 the hair on my arms stood on end , every nerve in my body on full alert , and i moved closer to kennedy , who put his arm around my shoulders . 
 i did n't want his arm on me , but given the choice between them , there was no choice . 
 smiling , buck held out a hand . 
 i stared at it , incredulous and cringing closer to kennedy , whose body became rigid , aligned with mine . 
 `` no . '' 
 with his usual indolent smirk , buck gazed down at me as though my ex was n't there . 
 like we were alone . 
 `` all right then , maybe later . '' 
 i shook my head and focused on the word i 'd said over and over that morning . 
 the word that preceded every kick . 
 `` i said no . 
 do n't you understand no ? '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw kennedy 's gaze snap to my face . 
 buck 's eyes narrowed and his mask of indifference slipped for a split second . 
 and then he recovered and the guise was back in place . 
 i knew in that moment that he was n't giving up . 
 he was merely biding his time . 
 `` sure . 
 i hear you . 
 jacqueline . '' 
 his eyes shifted to kennedy , whose guarded expression was at odds with the piqued rigidity of his body . 
 `` kennedy . '' 
 he nodded and kennedy responded in kind , and then he walked away . 
 i slumped against my ex , and then moved out of his grasp , my eyes searching for erin 's silver dress amongst the crush of people in the little house . 
 `` jacqueline , what 's going on between you and buck ? '' 
 i ignored his question . 
 `` i need erin . 
 i need to find erin . '' 
 i started in the opposite direction buck had gone and kennedy grabbed my upper arm to pull me back . 
 i wrenched it away , and then realized people were staring . 
 he moved closer , without touching me . 
 `` jacqueline , what 's going on ? 
 i 'll help you find erin . '' 
 his voice was low , for my ears only . 
 `` but first , tell me . 
 why are you so angry at buck ? '' 
 i looked up at him and my eyes stung . 
 `` not here . '' 
 he compressed his lips . 
 `` come with me ? 
 to my room ? '' 
 when i hesitated , he added , `` jacqueline , you 're freaking out . 
 come talk to me . '' 
 i nodded and he led me up the stairs . 
 he shut the door and we sat on his bed . 
 his room , as usual , was neat and organized , though the bed was n't made , and there were jeans and shirts tossed over his desk chair . 
 i recognized the sheets and duvet cover we 'd chosen before coming back to campus this fall , because he wanted something new . 
 i recognized his bookcase and his favorite novels , his law books , his collection of presidential biographies . 
 the contents of this room were familiar . 
 he was familiar . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 his concern was genuine . 
 i cleared my throat and told him what happened the night of the halloween party , leaving lucas out of the story . 
 listening silently , he got up and paced , taking deep breaths , his fists knotted . 
 when i was done , he stopped and sat , hard . 
 `` you said you got away . 
 so he did n't - ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 a breath whooshed out of him . 
 `` goddammit . '' 
 he pulled his tie loose and unbuttoned the top button of his white dress shirt . 
 his teeth were clamped so tightly that the cords of his neck popped out under his skin like pipes running from his jaw down . 
 he shook his head and smashed a fist on his thigh . 
 `` motherfucker . '' 
 kennedy was n't usually much of a curser-certainly neither of these words was part of his standard vocabulary . 
 he peered at me closely . 
 `` i will handle this . '' 
 `` it 's already been-it 's over , kennedy . 
 i just ... i just want him to leave me alone . '' 
 i was curiously without tears , which was odd . 
 i felt like i 'd gained strength from telling him , just like i felt stronger after telling erin . 
 his jaw clenched again . 
 `` he will . '' 
 he took my face in his hands and repeated , `` he will leave you alone . 
 i 'll make sure of it . '' 
 and then he kissed me . 
 the feel of his mouth was as familiar as the items i 'd catalogued when i walked into his room . 
 the books in the bookshelf . 
 the comforter under my hand . 
 the rock-climbing equipment in the corner . 
 the hoodie i used to borrow . 
 the smell of his cologne . 
 unwittingly , i registered the feel of his lips , moving a little too roughly . 
 i reasoned that his anger at buck made his kiss less tender , but i knew better . 
 because this , too , was familiar . 
 this kiss-it was how he 'd always kissed me . 
 his tongue snaked into my mouth , possessively , and it was familiar and fine and not lucas . 
 i jerked back . 
 his hands dropped . 
 `` god , jackie , i 'm sorry-that was so inappropriate - '' i ignored his slip . 
 `` no . 
 it 's okay , i just ... i do n't ... '' i cast about in my head , trying to define what i did n't want . 
 we 'd been broken up for seven weeks . 
 seven weeks , and i was done . 
 i stared at my palm , turned up on my lap ; the realization and the finality were something of a shock . 
 `` i understand . 
 you still need time . '' 
 he stood , and i stood , wanting out of this familiar room and this conversation . 
 time would not change what i was feeling-or not feeling . 
 i 'd had time , and though the ache from his desertion had n't disappeared , it was decreasing . 
 my future was blurry , yes , but i was beginning to imagine a future when i would no longer miss him at all . 
 `` let 's go find erin for you . 
 and i 'm going to have a talk with buck . '' 
 i froze , halfway to the door . 
 `` kennedy , i do n't expect you to - '' he turned . 
 `` i know . 
 does n't matter . 
 i 'm handling this . 
 handling him . '' 
 i took a deep breath and followed him from the room , hoping his intentions sprung from a determination to do the right thing , and not just because he wanted to win me back . 
 erin and i watched from the window as buck and kennedy faced off in the lot behind the house . 
 it was too cold for anyone to party outside , so they were alone . 
 we could n't hear the words , but the body language was unmistakable . 
 buck was taller and bigger , but my ex possessed an innate superiority that refused to cede control to anyone he deemed unworthy of it . 
 buck 's face was a veneer of annoyance overlaying absolute fury as kennedy spoke , stabbing a finger at him one , two , three times , never touching him but showing no fear . 
 i envied him that ability . 
 i always had . 
 we turned away from the window when kennedy spun to come back into the house , but not before buck glanced at the window and fixed me with a look of pure hatred . 
 `` jesus h. christ , '' erin murmured , taking my arm . 
 `` time for a drink . '' 
 we found maggie in a group of people playing quarters . 
 `` errrrrrin ! '' 
 she slurred . 
 `` come be on my team ! '' 
 erin crooked a brow . 
 `` we 're playing teams ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she grabbed erin 's arm and pulled her onto her lap . 
 `` j , you be partners with mindi here ! 
 erin and me are gon na kick y ' all 's asses . '' 
 mindi was a petite blonde pledge . 
 she smiled and blinked big green eyes , unable to focus on me . 
 `` your name is jay ? '' 
 her drawl was very pronounced and her lashes fluttered up and down like a cartoon character , making her seem younger and more vulnerable than eighteen . 
 she was the reverse of maggie 's sarcastic demeanor and dark pixie looks . 
 `` like a boy 's name , jay ? '' 
 the guys across the table chuckled and maggie rolled her eyes disgustedly . 
 it was clear why she wanted me to take her partner . 
 `` um , no . 
 j as in jacqueline . '' 
 one of the boys grabbed two folding chairs from against the wall , wedging them on either side of mindi and maggie . 
 i took the one next to mindi and erin slid into the other . 
 `` oh . '' 
 mindi frowned and blinked . 
 `` so can i just call you jacqueline ? '' 
 my name was almost unrecognizable between the accent and the drunken slurring . 
 maggie started to mumble under her breath so i said , `` sure , that 's great , '' and looked around the table . 
 `` so , are we winning ? '' 
 the boys on the other side grinned . 
 we definitely were n't winning . 
 chapter 18 by the time our designated driver dropped us back at the dorm , erin and i had quartered and beer ponged our way to a night of spinning walls at best and toilet-hugging at worst . 
 neither of us spoke above a whisper until after 3:00 pm sunday afternoon . 
 there was a scheduled sorority meeting four hours later , and erin cursed the lineage of whoever put that on the calendar the day after the brotherhood bash . 
 `` we wo n't get a damned thing decided-and at least half of us will kill the first person to bang that gavel . '' 
 we were still conversing at half-volume . 
 i watched her wind a purple scarf around her neck and pull on matching gloves while waiting for my laptop to boot up . 
 `` at least your misery will have company . '' 
 `` yay . '' 
 she pulled a purple cap over her wild red hair and shrugged into her coat . 
 `` see you in a couple of miserable hours . '' 
 lucas had already sent monday 's worksheet . 
 still no personal note . 
 i understood why he could n't see me , and maybe why whatever we had been doing was over . 
 but i did n't understand why our emails had to stop , too . 
 i missed them , and wondered what he 'd do if i emailed him back . 
 i wanted to tell him about last night and buck , about saying no and feeling scared to death and tough at the same time . 
 one week of class remained , followed by a week of finals , and then the semester would be over . 
 i had no idea if it would make any difference to him . 
 i did the least brain-pounding homework i could do-labeling a constellation chart due tomorrow in astronomy lab-and hung the clean laundry that had been sitting in a basket at the foot of my bed for three days ... or four ... maybe five . 
 i 'd missed my bass practice times all weekend in addition to the ensemble rehearsal , so i would be scrambling to complete additional hours of practice during the week . 
 by the time erin returned , i was seriously considering just going to bed and sleeping off the lingering remains of my hangover . 
 yawning , i turned toward the door , `` i was thinking about crashing early - '' erin was n't alone . 
 under her arm was mindi , my quarters partner from the previous night . 
 at first , i thought she was just way more hungover than me ; then , i noticed erin 's grim expression , and i took in mindi 's red-rimmed , bloodshot eyes . 
 she did n't just feel like shit from too much alcohol . 
 she 'd been crying . 
 a lot . 
 i swung my legs off the side of the bed . 
 `` erin ? '' 
 `` j , we have a problem . '' 
 the door shut behind them and erin tugged mindi to sit on her bed . 
 `` last night , after you and i left , mindi danced with buck . '' 
 mindi flinched and closed her eyes , and tears started streaming down her face . 
 my heart began to race . 
 i imagined everything erin could say next , and none of it was good . 
 i had n't prayed in a long time , but i found myself begging . 
 please god let it not have gone further than what happened to me . 
 please . 
 please . 
 `` he talked her into going to his room . '' 
 at this , mindi 's hands flew up to cover her face and she crumpled face-first into erin 's shoulder like a child . 
 `` shh , shh , '' erin crooned , fitting both arms around her . 
 we stared at each other over mindi 's head , and i knew there 'd been no lucas for her . 
 `` j , we have to tell . 
 we have to tell this time . '' 
 `` no one will believe me ! '' 
 mindi rasped . 
 she was hoarse , and i imagined her doing what i 'd done-begging him to stop . 
 i imagined her crying all night , and half the day , and i was more pissed than i 'd ever been , and scared . 
 `` i 'm not ... '' her voice lowered to a whisper . 
 `` i was n't a virgin . '' 
 `` that does n't matter , '' erin said firmly . 
 i gulped at the knot in my throat and it slid down , but not without a fight . 
 `` they 'll believe you . 
 he tried to-he tried with me , a month ago . '' 
 mindi gasped , her blotchy face and wide eyes turning to me . 
 `` he raped you , too ? '' 
 i shook my head as chills spiked up in a wave from my neck to my ankles . 
 `` someone stopped him . 
 i got lucky . '' 
 i had no idea how lucky until this moment . 
 i thought i knew , but i did n't . 
 `` oh . '' 
 her voice warbled softly , and she had n't quit crying . 
 `` will that count ? '' 
 erin coaxed mindi to lie down , flapping a blanket over her . 
 `` it 'll count . '' 
 she sat next to mindi and held her hand . 
 `` will lucas corroborate your story , j ? 
 i mean , i 'm guessing , with what we know about him , that he will . '' 
 lucas had been irate that i 'd not let him call the police that night . 
 it had n't occurred to me that by not reporting what had happened , i let buck think he was untouchable . 
 that he 'd do it again . 
 i 'd assumed that what lucas had done to buck was deterrent enough . 
 not that it had prevented him from what he did in the stairwell ... or his implied threats during the party , right in front of kennedy . 
 i nodded . 
 `` he will . '' 
 erin took a shaky breath and looked down at mindi . 
 `` we need to call the police or go to the hospital or something , right ? 
 i have no idea what to do first . '' 
 `` the hospital ? '' 
 mindi was afraid , and i could n't blame her . 
 `` they 'll probably need to do ... an exam , or something . '' 
 erin gentled her voice , but at the word exam , mindi 's eyes widened and filled with tears again . 
 her knuckles blanched , gripping the blanket . 
 `` i do n't want an exam ! 
 i do n't want to go to the hospital ! '' 
 how could i blame her , when reporting would bring more pain and humiliation ? 
 `` we 'll go with you . 
 you can do this . '' 
 erin turned to me . 
 `` what should we do first ? '' 
 i shook my head , thinking of the campus police . 
 some , like don , would probably do well with this situation . 
 some might not . 
 we could go straight to the hospital , but i was n't sure what the steps were . 
 i picked up my phone and dialed . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 lucas 's voice was wary , and i realized i 'd never called him before . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 it had been over a week since we 'd communicated outside of the worksheets he 'd sent , and the self-defense class yesterday morning . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` in my room . '' 
 i expected him to ask what i wanted . 
 he did n't . 
 `` be there in ten minutes . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he hung up , and i put the phone down , and we waited . 
 *** lucas squatted on his heels just below mindi 's eye level . 
 `` if you do n't report it , he 's going to do it again . 
 to someone else . '' 
 his voice hummed through me , barely audible from across the room . 
 `` your friends will stay with you . '' 
 erin sat on the bed , holding her hand . 
 i barely knew this girl , but thanks to buck , we were now allies , associated in a way no one ever wants to be linked . 
 `` will you be there ? '' 
 her voice was a whisper . 
 `` if you want , '' he answered . 
 she nodded , and i tamped down a trace of jealousy . 
 there was nothing to envy in this situation . 
 *** the television in the er waiting room was set at an earsplitting volume that was no help to my aching head . 
 i wanted to turn it off , or down , but an elderly man was planted in a chair ten feet from it , arms crossed over his chest , staring up at the sitcom repeat . 
 if that noise was distracting him from his reason for being here , who was i to take that diversion away ? 
 lucas sat next to me , his bent knee angled toward me , brushing my thigh . 
 his hand was so close to mine i could have reached my pinky finger out to stroke his . 
 i did n't . 
 `` got something against that show ? '' 
 his silly question broke my scowl . 
 `` no , but i think i could hear it from across the street . '' 
 he was wearing that ghost smile , and i wanted to melt into it . 
 `` hmm , '' he said , staring at the boot on his knee . 
 `` are you a little hung-over , too ? '' 
 when erin and mindi filled him in on the details of last night , he 'd quickly figured out that i 'd gone with erin to the greek event . 
 `` maybe , a little . '' 
 i wondered if he would think i 'd senselessly put myself in danger by attending a party where buck would obviously be present . 
 his reprimand the night we met-real responsible-still stung , mostly because it was true . 
 `` so did he talk to you ? 
 last night ? '' 
 he was still staring at his boot . 
 `` yeah . 
 he asked me to dance . '' 
 a muscle worked in his jaw , and his eyes were cold when he raised them to mine . 
 `` i said no . '' 
 i heard the defensiveness in my tone . 
 he took a deep breath and turned more fully toward me , his voice low and menacing . 
 `` jacqueline , it 's taking everything i 've got right now to sit here and wait for law-abiding justice to take care of this , instead of hunting him down myself and beating the f ** king shit out of him . 
 i 'm not blaming you-or her . 
 neither of you asked for what he did-there 's no such thing as asking for it . 
 that 's a f ** king lie argued by psychopaths and dumbasses . 
 okay ? '' 
 i nodded , breathless at his declaration . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` did he accept your no ? '' 
 what i heard at the end of his sentence : this time ? 
 i nodded again . 
 `` kennedy was with me . 
 he noticed how weird i acted with buck , so i told him what happened . 
 i did n't say anything about you , or the fight . 
 i just told him i got away . '' 
 a small crease appeared between his brows . 
 `` how 'd he take it ? '' 
 i remembered kennedy 's uncharacteristic cursing outburst . 
 `` he was angrier than i 've ever seen him . 
 he took buck outside and talked to him , told him to stay away from me ... which probably made buck feel weak , and that 's why ... '' that 's why he raped mindi . 
 `` what did i just say ? 
 this is not your fault . '' 
 i nodded , staring into my lap , tears stinging my eyes . 
 i wanted to believe it was n't my fault , but mindi was hurt after kennedy had chewed him out . 
 for me . 
 it felt like my fault . 
 i knew better , but i could n't help connecting the dots . 
 lucas 's fingers brushed under my chin and turned my face to his . 
 `` not . 
 your . 
 fault . '' 
 i nodded again , holding onto his words like they were redemption . 
 *** i parked in front of a neighbor 's house , snapping the truck door shut as quietly as possible and tiptoeing down the sparsely lit driveway toward the detached garage . 
 it was late-hopefully late enough that no one would be peering out a window at a girl sneaking up to a guy 's apartment . 
 lucas 's motorcycle was parked under the open steps . 
 i stood at the bottom with my hand on the rail , heart hammering , and looked back at dr. heller 's house . 
 i could n't see any movement within , though there were lights on inside . 
 taking a deep breath , i climbed the steps and knocked lightly . 
 there was a peephole in the door , so i was sure he 'd seen me standing under the porch light by the puzzled expression on his face when he yanked the door open . 
 an hour ago , he 'd left me at the dorm with erin and mindi , and after he 'd gone , i realized i had n't said what i wanted to say . 
 and most of what i wanted to say included a need to see him while i said it . 
 `` jacqueline ? 
 why - ? '' 
 he cut himself off at the look on my face , pulling me inside and shutting the door behind me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 his hands gripped my elbows as i stared up at him . 
 he was wearing drawstring pajama bottoms and a dark t-shirt , the sexy lines of his tattoos spilling from his sleeves to his wrists . 
 he also wore thin , black-framed glasses that accentuated the blue in his eyes and his dark lashes . 
 i took a breath and blurted everything out before i was too chickenshit to say any of it . 
 `` i wanted to tell you that i just-i miss you . 
 and maybe that sounds ridiculous-like we barely know each other , but between the emails and texts and ... everything else , i felt like we did . 
 like we do . 
 and i miss-i do n't know how else to say it-i miss both of you . '' 
 he swallowed , closing his eyes and inhaling slowly . 
 i knew he would be all rational and do-the-right-thing and he would push me away again , and i was determined not to give him that chance . 
 but then his eyes flashed open and he said , `` fuck it , '' pushing me against the door , slamming his forearms on either side of my head and kissing me more forcefully than i 'd ever been kissed , so firmly that i could feel the ring at the edge of his mouth scoring into the surface of my lip . 
 he pressed his hard body against mine and i pressed back , grabbing handfuls of his t-shirt and fitting myself to him while his tongue stroked the interior of my mouth . 
 when he drew back a fraction , i protested with an embarrassingly inarticulate sound and he chuckled softly , but he was just removing my coat and towing me to the sofa . 
 sitting , he dragged me astride his lap , cradling my head in one palm and crushing me closer with the other . 
 we parted , breathless , and he tossed his glasses on the side table and tore his t-shirt over his head , and then removed mine more gently . 
 his warm hands spanned my sides and held me tighter as our lips moved together , his tongue making languid , sweeping passes across mine . 
 i wound my arms around his neck , opening my mouth and taking him in . 
 when he kissed the corner of my mouth and dipped his lips to the hollow at the base of my throat , my head fell back . 
 i could n't stop the soft keening moan his light sucking kisses triggered . 
 `` you have a freckle here , '' he whispered , sweeping his tongue over a spot just under my jaw . 
 `` it drives me crazy every time you 're above me . 
 i just want to do this ... '' the gentle draw of his mouth pushed me over the edge , and my knees tightened around his h * ps as i rocked against him . 
 light eyes smoldering , he removed my bra , outlining concentric rings with his fingertips , touching me so softly that i grew dizzy wanting more . 
 his hands cupped my br ** sts , thumbs brushing the undersides , and i leaned my face down to his and sucked his tongue into my mouth , sliding my hand down his taut abdomen and lower over the front of the soft flannel pants . 
 i tugged on one of the strings . 
 `` god , jacqueline , '' he gasped , straining against my hand while his arms snaked around me , fingers stealing into my hair at the nape as our mouths devoured each other . 
 breaking the kiss , he pressed his forehead to my shoulder and groaned , his teeth clenched . 
 `` tell me to stop . '' 
 confused , i shook my head , though i had no idea if the action was fervent or imperceptible . 
 his breath fanned over my br ** sts and i bent to his ear , my voice a murmur . 
 `` i do n't want you to stop . '' 
 wordlessly rolling us down and onto our sides , he unzipped my jeans and slipped his hand between the insubstantial fabric of my underwear and my skin , his fingers searching for and finding the place he sought as he kissed me . 
 i gasped his name into his mouth , my fingers digging into his bicep , and his voice was a low growl in my ear . 
 `` jacqueline . 
 say stop . '' 
 i shook my head once , my palm sliding down to press against the evidence of what his body wanted from me . 
 `` do n't stop , '' i breathed , telling him that i wanted what he wanted , unconditionally . 
 i kissed him back , sure in the knowledge that my actions and words were all the confirmation he needed to continue . 
 i was wrong . 
 `` say stop , please . 
 please . '' 
 the last whispered word was a plea i could n't deny , even if i did n't understand the reason for it . 
 `` stop , '' i whispered , not meaning it , not wanting it , and he shuddered and removed his hand from me . 
 curling my hands between our chests , i did n't move away , did n't speak . 
 i just lay in his arms for long minutes , until his breathing slowed , finally becoming deep and even . 
 landon lucas maxfield was asleep on his sofa . 
 with me . 
 *** i woke to the muffled sound of francis yowling to be let inside . 
 disentangling myself from lucas cautiously , i slid from the sofa and went to let him in , grabbing my bra and long-sleeved t-shirt and pulling them back on . 
 a gust of chilly air entered with lucas 's cat , and i shut the door as soon as he fully cleared the doorway . 
 after wrapping his tail around my leg for the span of two seconds , he stalked off to the bedroom , and i supposed that was as thankful as he ever got . 
 i returned to the sofa , but i sank to the floor and examined lucas instead of waking him or snuggling back into his embrace . 
 with the planes of his face partially obscured by his dark hair , his full lips slightly parted and thick lashes combined in sleep , i could see the boy inside the man more clearly than i had before . 
 i did n't understand what happened earlier , why he made me stop him or why he held himself apart from everyone , from me , but i wanted to understand . 
 i guessed that the rose tattoo was a possible clue , given its placement over his heart . 
 most of the ink on his arms consisted of symbols and intricate motifs , and i wondered if any these were his own design . 
 he shifted onto his back then , and i could finally read the words on his left side : love is not the absence of logic but logic examined and recalculated heated and curved to fit inside the contours of the heart i needed no more proof to know that somewhere in his possibly not-so-distant past , lucas had loved someone , deeply . 
 someone he must have lost , because she did n't appear to be around . 
 and then i looked more closely at the tattoo banding the upturned wrist that lay near his face . 
 within the inky pattern , masquerading as normal pink skin within the design , was a thin but jagged scar . 
 it ran from one side to the other-all the way across , contained by the black tattooed lines like hidden code . 
 his right wrist was circled with the same banded design , and watching his face for signs of wakefulness , i lifted it from his chest and gently turned it to check . 
 it , too , was scarred from one side to the other-the scar hidden skillfully by the tattoo artist . 
 stunned , i sat on the floor , watching him sleep . 
 i had no idea if this was something i could ever bring up with him-if it was something he 'd ever willingly tell me . 
 even having spent my fair share of days and nights miserable over the breakup with kennedy , i was never depressed enough to consider suicide . 
 i had no idea what it would take to get to that hopeless point . 
 not really . 
 it was late , and i needed to get back to my dorm . 
 our class-my class-began in only eight hours . 
 on the kitchen counter , i found a discarded envelope and i scribbled a note letting him know i 'd gone back to the dorm and would see him tomorrow . 
 `` wait . '' 
 lucas 's voice stopped me with my hand on the doorknob . 
 he sat up , slightly disoriented from sleep . 
 `` i did n't want to wake you , so i left a note . '' 
 i picked it up from the end table , folding it and shoving it into my pocket . 
 i was so overfull of words to say and questions to ask that none would come out . 
 he rubbed his eyes and stood , stretching his neck to the side , extending his arms back , eyes closed . 
 his biceps and pecs flexed from the movement , and i wanted to stop staring , but could n't until his eyes flashed open . 
 `` i 'll walk you out to your truck . '' 
 he turned to grab his t-shirt and pull it back on , and i was able to ogle him shamelessly again . 
 across the top of his defined shoulders and back were more inked designs and scripted words , but the t-shirt covered them much too abruptly . 
 he disappeared into his bedroom and came out wearing his hoodie and a very beat-up pair of sperrys i 'd never seen him wear . 
 boots were his standard footwear . 
 `` francis is on the bed ? 
 unless he 's developed opposable thumbs , i guess you let him in . '' 
 crossing the room to me , he smiled . 
 i nodded as he neared , and his smile ebbed . 
 i knew he was thinking about what happened before we fell asleep wrapped up in each other , wondering what i thought about him pleading with me to say stop when i 'd made it clear that i did n't want to . 
 if he only knew-my confusion over his strange rejection was nothing to the apprehension over what had caused the scars on his wrists . 
 chapter 19 after a week of lucas ignoring my existence while we were in class , i was n't sure what to expect monday morning . 
 the alteration was minor , but undeniable . 
 when i entered the classroom , his eyes met mine , the barest suggestion of a smile playing on his mouth . 
 everything about him had grown familiar . 
 the night i danced with him , his features had merged into an exceptionally crush-worthy guy . 
 now , he was all sharp angled jaw and strong chin , his nose with the slightest hint of a prior break . 
 a crescent-shaped scar sat high on one cheekbone , and his colorless eyes were sometimes a little eerie . 
 the fringes of his bedhead hair were just long enough to soften the whole ; if he ever cut it short , he would look like a completely different guy . 
 he returned his attention to the ever-present sketchbook , and i pulled my gaze forward in an effort to keep from pitching down the steps . 
 just hours before , he 'd held my face in his hands , pressed me against the door to my truck and kissed me as though we 'd done what i 'd wanted to do . 
 i 'd driven back to my dorm in a state of bewildered lust . 
 sliding into my seat next to benji , i withstood the temptation to look over my shoulder . 
 if he was n't watching me , i 'd be disappointed . 
 if he was , i 'd be caught . 
 the girl on my right was giving her usual monday morning weekend recap to her neighbor ... and the two or three dozen other people who could hear her . 
 benji pantomimed her perfectly , if a bit dramatically , and i pretended a coughing fit to hide my laughter . 
 unfortunately , the coughing drew her attention . 
 `` are you dying or something ? '' 
 she asked , affecting a perfect sneer as i shook my head . 
 `` well , hacking up a lung out in public is n't all that attractive-just sayin ' . '' 
 my face flamed , but then benji leaned up and spoke around me . 
 `` um , giving half the class an exhaustive summary every monday morning-in lurid detail-of how much of an alcoholic skank you are ? 
 is n't all that attractive , either . 
 just sayin ' . '' 
 she gasped as nearby people snickered , and i caught my lower lip between my teeth while trying to stare straight ahead . 
 thankfully , dr. heller entered then , and class started , and i went back to fifty long minutes of attempting to forget lucas 's presence three rows back and five seats over . 
 `` so ... nine days 'til the final . '' 
 benji stuffed his backpack and smirked at me while i packed mine . 
 `` mmm-hmm . '' 
 `` nine days until no more ... restrictions . '' 
 i rolled my eyes directly at him as his brows danced up and down . 
 `` eh ? 
 eh ? '' 
 i could n't help checking to see if lucas was still in the room . 
 he was talking to the zeta girl he 'd spoken to before-but he was watching me over her head . 
 benji sidled by on his way to the aisle , a grin splitting his face . 
 `` i 'll take hot tutors for $ 200 , alex , '' he said in an unnaturally feminine voice before he began humming the jeopardy theme song . 
 he was still humming it when he smiled at lucas just before exiting . 
 i hoped i was n't blushing as lucas fell into step with me , but neither of us spoke until we were outside . 
 clearing his throat , he gestured toward benji 's retreating back with one shoulder . 
 `` does he , um , does he know ? 
 about . . ? '' 
 he worried his bottom lip and the small silver ring , a slight frown on his face . 
 `` he 's actually how i figured out ... who you were . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he walked with me toward my spanish class , as he had once before . 
 `` he 'd noticed us ... looking at each other , '' i shrugged , `` and he asked me if i went to your tutoring sessions . '' 
 closing his eyes for a beat , he took a breath . 
 `` god . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i waited , hoping he would tell me the reason for the landon/lucas charade , finally . 
 we hiked across the hilly campus in silence for a minute or two , every step taking us nearer to my class . 
 without a single cloud in the sky , the sun warmed us in direct patches of light while we froze in the shade cast by trees and buildings . 
 `` i noticed you the first week . '' 
 his voice was soft . 
 `` not just because of how pretty you are , though of course , that played into it . '' 
 i smiled , watching our feet as we matched our steps . 
 `` it was the way you lean onto your elbows when you 're listening in class , when something catches your interest . 
 and when you laugh , it 's never to get attention , it 's just-laughter . 
 the way you obsessively tuck your hair behind your ear on the left side , but let the right side fall down like a screen . 
 and when you 're bored , you tap your foot soundlessly and move your fingers on the desktop like you 're playing an instrument . 
 i wanted to sketch you . '' 
 we stopped and stood in a square of sun , well away from the shadowed entrance to the language arts building . 
 `` almost every time i saw you , you were with him . 
 but one day , you walked up to the building alone . 
 i was holding the door for several girls in front of you , and i waited for you to catch up . 
 when you reached me , you look pleased , and a little surprised . 
 unlike the others , you did n't expect the door to be held for you by some random guy . 
 you smiled up at me and said , ` thank you . ' 
 that was the last straw . 
 i prayed you 'd never come to a session , and not with him . 
 i did n't want you to know i was the tutor . 
 `` he took you for granted , even when you stood next to him , holding his hand . 
 like you were an accessory . '' 
 he frowned , and i remembered feeling exactly like that with kennedy . 
 often . 
 `` i never wanted you to get hurt , but i wanted to take you from him . 
 i had to constantly remind myself that it did n't matter if you were his or not , because you were on the other side of a line i could n't cross . 
 and then you did n't show up the day of the midterm-or the next , or the next . 
 i worried that something had happened to you . 
 he was kind of reserved the first couple of days . 
 by the end of the week , girls were flirting with him before class , and the way he responded told me what had happened . 
 `` i was sure you 'd dropped the class , which made me selfishly ecstatic . 
 without even knowing i was doing it , i started looking for you on campus . '' 
 he stared into my eyes and lowered his voice even further . 
 `` and then , the halloween party . '' 
 i could n't breathe . 
 `` you were there ? 
 at the party ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how ? 
 you are n't greek , are you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'd fixed the house 's a/c the night before . 
 maintenance does n't do non-emergency stuff on evenings or weekends , but i 'm contract labor , so i agreed to do it . 
 when i would n't take a tip , a couple of the guys invited me to the party . 
 i only said yes because i was hoping you might be there . 
 it had been two weeks , and this campus is so huge i was starting to think i 'd never run into you . '' 
 he chuckled softly and rubbed a hand at the back of his neck . 
 `` wow , that sounds total stalker . '' 
 or totally hot . 
 god . 
 `` why did n't you talk to me that night ? 
 before ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` you were so withdrawn and miserable . 
 almost every guy who approached you was rejected without a second glance . 
 there was no way i was going to become one of them . 
 you danced with a handful of guys you already knew-and he was one of those . '' 
 `` buck . '' 
 `` yes . 
 when you left , he followed , and i thought maybe ... maybe you two had decided to leave early together , without everyone knowing . 
 meet outside or something . '' 
 i watched a trio of my classmates enter the building . 
 `` he 's my roommate 's boyfriend 's best friend . 
 well , her ex 's best friend , now . 
 he was a known entity . 
 a friend , i thought . 
 boy , was i wrong . '' 
 he nodded , frowning . 
 `` i was about to leave-my bike was parked out front . 
 something did n't feel right , but i was struggling with the same desire to take him out that i 'd felt for half the semester with your boyfriend , so i questioned my own motives . 
 i lost a minute arguing with myself , and i 'm sorry about that . 
 i finally decided if you two were hooking up , i 'd just go around front , rev up the harley , and be done with it . 
 with you . '' 
 `` but that 's not what happened . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 suddenly aware of the lack of people bustling around us , i pulled out my phone . 
 it was two minutes past ten . 
 `` crap . 
 i 'm late . '' 
 `` uh-oh . 
 is n't this the professor who makes an example of you if you 're late ? '' 
 impressive . 
 `` you remembered . '' 
 groaning , i pushed my phone into my bag . 
 `` i sorta feel like skipping now . '' 
 his mouth turned up on one side . 
 `` what kind of university employee would i be , to encourage you to skip class the last week of the semester ? '' 
 `` we 're just reviewing . 
 i have an a. i do n't really need the review . '' 
 we stared at each other . 
 i angled my head and looked directly into his clear eyes . 
 `` you do n't have a class ? '' 
 `` not until eleven . '' 
 not for the first time , the feel of his gaze drifting over my face was like a soft breeze , or the lightest possible touch . 
 he stopped on my mouth . 
 lips parted , my breathing slowed as my heart rate sped . 
 `` you never did sketch me again . '' 
 his eyes darted to mine , but he did n't answer , so i thought maybe he did n't remember his texted request . 
 `` you said you were having a hard time doing it from memory . 
 my jaw . 
 my neck ... '' he nodded . 
 `` and your lips . 
 i said i needed more time staring at them and less time tasting them . '' 
 i nodded . 
 good god , what did he not remember ? 
 `` a very foolish thing for me to say , i think . '' 
 he was staring at my mouth again . 
 my lips tingled from his focused perusal . 
 i wanted to rub my fingers across them . 
 or graze them with my teeth to stop the tickling sensation . 
 when i wet them with my tongue , he sucked in a breath . 
 `` coffee . 
 let 's go get coffee . '' 
 i nodded , and without another word , we walked toward the student center , the busiest place on campus at this time of day . 
 `` so you wear glasses , huh ? '' 
 we 'd been sitting at a tiny table , sipping our coffees and enduring a decidedly uncomfortable silence , so i 'd blurted the first viable thing that entered my brain . 
 `` um . 
 yeah . '' 
 great . 
 i 'd just brought up that night . 
 but should n't i bring up that night ? 
 should n't we talk about it ? 
 should n't i ask him if he was pushing me away because he was the class tutor , or because of those scars on his wrists ? 
 `` i wear contacts . 
 but my eyes get tired of them by the end of the day . '' 
 cue the mental picture of lucas pulling his door open , the apprehension on his face , the glasses transforming him into someone official while the pajamas produced a contrary effect . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` they look really good on you . 
 the glasses . 
 i mean , you could wear them all the time , if you wanted to . '' 
 `` they 're kind of a pain with the motorcycle helmet . 
 and taekwondo . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , i can imagine . '' 
 we were quiet again , with forty minutes until his class and my rescheduled bass practice time . 
 `` i could sketch you now , '' he said . 
 for no good reason , my face flamed . 
 luckily , he was reaching into his backpack , withdrawing his sketchpad , and turning to a blank page . 
 he took the pencil from behind his ear before looking across the table at me . 
 if he noticed my heightened color , he did n't mention it . 
 without a word , he leaned back in his chair , the pad on his knee , and started drawing , his pencil making the effortless , sweeping arches of someone who knows what he 's doing . 
 his eyes moved from the pad to me and back , over and over , and i sat silently sipping , watching his face . 
 watching his hands . 
 there was something intimate about modeling for someone . 
 i 'd volunteered as a model once in my junior year art class , for extra credit . 
 severely lacking in drawing skill , i 'd jumped at the extra two points without stopping to consider that i would be sitting on top of a table for an entire class period . 
 giving a classroom of teenaged boys free rein to stare at me for an hour was a whole new sort of awkward . 
 especially when jillian 's boyfriend , zeke , started his portrait with my chest . 
 he stared unabashedly , showing off his artistic efforts to his tablemates while i flushed and pretended i could n't hear his wisecracks about nips and cl ** vage and how he wished i 'd just lose the shirt altogether-or at least unbutton it . 
 `` most artists begin with the head , '' ms. wachowski said as she looked over his shoulder . 
 zeke and the other boys at the table snorted with laughter while i burned with humiliation and the entire class looked on . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 i was n't relaying that story . 
 `` high school . '' 
 the hair falling over his forehead obscured the crease i knew was there , but his lips pressed tight . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , wondering at the change those two words brought . 
 surrounded by conversations , music and mechanical sounds , the scratch of the lead across the paper was inaudible in the coffee shop . 
 i watched the pencil dance in his hand , wondering what part of me he was sketching , and what parts he might want to sketch . 
 what was he like as a sixteen-year-old boy ? 
 did he draw then ? 
 hang out with other boys his age ? 
 had he fallen in love ? 
 had his heart broken by some callous girl ? 
 had he already put those scars on his wrists , or was that yet to come ? 
 `` you said you 'd been with him for three years . '' 
 he spoke just loud enough for me to hear him , staring down at the pad as the pencil worked back and forth . 
 there was no question in his voice . 
 he assumed i was thinking about kennedy . 
 `` i was n't thinking about him . '' 
 his jaw clenched , lips compressed again . 
 jealousy ? 
 guilt crept in when i realized i wanted him to feel jealous . 
 `` what was high school like for you ? '' 
 i asked and then wanted to take it back . 
 his eyes flashed to mine and his hand stilled . 
 `` a lot different than it was for you , i imagine . '' 
 his eyes still roved over my face , but he was no longer drawing , and his expression was tense . 
 `` oh ? 
 how ? '' 
 i smiled , hoping to either bring us back from this ledge-clinging position , or shove us over the edge . 
 he lifted his gaze to me then and stared . 
 `` for one , i never had a girlfriend . '' 
 i thought of the rose over his heart , and the poem inscribed on his left side . 
 i did n't want that love to be recent . 
 `` really ? 
 not one ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i was ... unsettled , you could say . 
 i hooked up with girls . 
 no relationships . 
 skipped class as much as i bothered to show up . 
 partied with the locals and the beach tourists . 
 got into fights often , in school and out . 
 got suspended or expelled so frequently i was never quite sure when i woke up in the morning whether i was supposed to go or not . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 his face went blank . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i mean , how did you get into college and become this - '' i gestured at him and shrugged '' - serious student ? '' 
 he stared at the pencil in his hand , his thumbnail scraping over the lead , sharpening it . 
 `` i was seventeen , about to flunk out for the last time , prepared to work the boat with dad the rest of my life . 
 one night , i was partying with some friends . 
 we made a bonfire on the beach , which always drew the tourist kids in-and they always wanted to be hooked up . 
 one of my friends was a dealer . 
 not big stuff-just party drugs . 
 he 'd sell high , so we could skim some off without having to pay his distributor for it . 
 `` his sister tagged along that night . 
 she had a crush on me , but she was fourteen . 
 totally innocent . 
 not my type . 
 she did n't take the dismissal well , and started flirting with the guys who financed our night , so to speak . 
 her dumbass brother was so high he was n't watching her at all . 
 my head was n't much clearer , but when the guy she was dancing with pulled her down the beach , she looked like she was trying to yank away from him . 
 `` i remember going after them , but everything after that is murky . 
 i was told i broke the guy 's jaw . 
 got arrested , charges filed . 
 i probably would have ended up in prison , but the hellers were visiting that week , and charles did something to make it all go away . 
 `` he and my dad had words . 
 next thing i knew i was signed up for martial arts classes . 
 i was stupid enough to see the wrong-minded benefit of being able to beat the shit outta people even better than i already could , so i did n't object . 
 what i did n't see coming was how it would center me for the first time in a long time . 
 before he left , charles lectured me like dad never had . 
 i did n't like disappointing him . '' 
 he looked at me closely . 
 `` still do n't . '' 
 we sipped our coffees and i waited , holding my tongue , knowing there was more . 
 `` he told me i was throwing my future away , that i was better than drugs and fights . 
 he said my mother was watching , and asked if i wanted her to be proud or ashamed . 
 then , he promised he 'd help me get into the university , pull every string he could pull , if i 'd just try . 
 he knew i was looking for an escape , and he gave me one second chance . '' 
 a chill moved down my back at his words . 
 `` he 's good at offering those . '' 
 he smiled , just barely . 
 `` yes . 
 he is . 
 i took it . 
 my senior year looked good , but i 'd all but killed my overall gpa before that . 
 i do n't know how he got me accepted , even conditionally . 
 dad ca n't pay for it , of course , so that 's why all the odd jobs . 
 i pay rent for the apartment , but i could n't get a cot in somebody 's garage for what he charges me . '' 
 `` he 's like a guardian angel for you . '' 
 raising his light , unnerving eyes to mine , he said , `` you do n't even know . '' 
 chapter 20 i blinked at erin , confused . 
 `` what do you mean , she 's probably not testifying ? '' 
 my roommate slammed her phone onto her desk . 
 slammed the door of our mini-fridge after grabbing a bottle of water from it . 
 kicked her shoes off and then threw one of them across the room where it bounced off the wall over her bed and landed in the center . 
 `` they got to her . 
 kennedy , d.j. and dean . 
 convinced her-or have almost convinced her-that they 'll handle buck . 
 that she 'll take down the frat and maybe the whole greek system if she testifies . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're making her feel guilty . 
 for being raped ! '' 
 i 'd never seen erin so enraged . 
 `` this is total f ** king crap . 
 i 'm calling katie . '' 
 i got up and crossed the room , holding her forearm to keep her from dialing . 
 `` erin , you ca n't tell if mindi does n't want you to tell . '' 
 she looked at me closely . 
 `` j , you know how the greeks work . 
 everyone already knows . '' 
 `` oh . 
 right . '' 
 she dialed , and i listened as she told her sorority president what she thought of the proposed cover-up . 
 `` okay , i 'll be there in an hour , with mindi . '' 
 she put the phone down , her expression calmer and more calculating . 
 sitting on my bed , she took my hand . 
 `` you have to go with us , j . 
 you have to tell them what he did to you . '' 
 somehow , testifying to a bunch of sorority girls was more terrifying than the thought of reporting buck to the cops or giving a deposition to the district attorney . 
 `` w-why ? '' 
 i sputtered . 
 `` i 'm not one of you guys , erin . 
 they do n't care - '' `` it shows precedent . '' 
 how many times had i heard kennedy use this legal jargon-one of his favorites . 
 `` are you sure a failed attempt with me shows a pattern ? 
 it 's only twice ... '' her eyes flared . 
 `` jacqueline - '' `` you 're right , you 're right ... god , what am i saying ? '' 
 my hands trembled , sliding over my face , and erin pulled them down gently . 
 `` we have to make sure he does n't do this again . '' 
 i nodded , knowing she was right , and she tapped out a text to mindi . 
 erin had just unlocked the volvo when i heard my name and turned to find kennedy jogging across the dorm lot . 
 `` hey , jacqueline . 
 erin . '' 
 when he gave her a tight , serious smile , she scowled at him . 
 he turned back to me . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` about what ? 
 about you helping them talk mindi out of pressing charges , when you know what he did to me ? '' 
 he huffed a tired sigh . 
 `` it 's not like that - '' `` oh ? 
 what 's it like ? '' 
 `` can we speak privately ? 
 please ? '' 
 i glanced at erin and she pursed her lips and gave my ex a cynical once-over before turning her attention back to me . 
 `` i 'm picking mindi up , and i 'll meet you at the house ? '' 
 she was worried that i 'd let him talk me out of this , as ill at ease as i already was . 
 i peered at kennedy and i knew that convincing me to abandon the allegation against buck was his agenda . 
 `` you 'll drive me over ? 
 now ? 
 that 's the only way this talk is happening . '' 
 frustrated and maybe a little confused by my counter , he agreed . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll take you over , if you 'll talk to me on the way . '' 
 i stared across the top of the sedan at erin . 
 `` i 'll meet you there . '' 
 she nodded , unwavering hope in her eyes , and i followed kennedy to his car . 
 after adjusting the stereo to backdrop level , he drove slowly , with one wrist draped over the top of the leather-wrapped steering wheel . 
 `` thanks for agreeing to talk to me . '' 
 he glanced across , his eyes skittering away from mine and back to the road . 
 `` i want you to know that i believe , one hundred percent , everything you told me saturday night . 
 i know buck 's a scumbag-i just did n't know how much of one . 
 we 've started proceedings to expel him . '' 
 `` expel him-from the frat ? 
 like that 's punishment ? '' 
 closing my eyes , i shook my head to clear it . 
 `` buck came to this campus thinking he was going to make pledge class president , thinking he 'd move up in the ranks , run the whole frat and maybe the council by senior year , and now he 's about to be out on his ass , daddy or no daddy . 
 damn right it 's punishment . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` kennedy , he raped a girl . '' 
 he had the grace to flinch . 
 `` i understand that , but - '' `` there 's no but ! 
 there 's no f ** king but ! '' 
 my chest heaved with the effort to clench my hands in my lap instead of pummeling his smug face . 
 `` he deserves prison time , and i 'm going to do everything i can to see he gets it . '' 
 i could n't help thinking that if kennedy had been sent to keep me from testifying , then this discussion had produced the reverse effect . 
 he pulled to a stop in front of the house and put the car in park . 
 he gripped the wheel with both hands . 
 `` jacqueline , you need to understand something . 
 buck 's been talking shit about hooking up with you for weeks now . 
 others have corroborated his account . 
 everyone knows about it . 
 no one else buys your he-tried-to-rape-me-too story , now . 
 it 's kind of late for that . '' 
 my breath left me , my throat closing up , and pain shot down my arms to my fingertips . 
 closing my eyes , i fought dizziness and the welling of tears , and so much fury i literally saw red behind my closed lids . 
 `` my ... story ? '' 
 his green eyes met mine . 
 `` i told you , i believe you . '' 
 i stared into his eyes , this boy i 'd known so intimately for three years . 
 i could see that he did believe me , but that belief conflicted with his compulsion to save face . 
 he was n't going to do the right thing . 
 `` you believe me , yet here you sit , trying to talk me out of persuading anyone else to believe me . '' 
 `` jacqueline , it 's more complicated than that - '' `` the hell it is . '' 
 i threw the door wide open and jumped out . 
 slamming the door on any further protest , i turned and stomped up the sidewalk to erin and mindi 's sorority house . 
 i was shaking with anger , and fear , and something else : resolve . 
 *** there were less than twenty girls in attendance at the meeting : erin , mindi , the sorority officers , and me . 
 as the president , katie presided from the head of the long , polished table . 
 seated on either side of her were the senior officers ; i recognized olivia 's older sister as one of them . 
 she and olivia could have been twins , they looked so much alike-right down to the bitchy sneer . 
 `` mindi , sweetie , no one 's blaming you here , '' she said , her voice dripping with an insincerity that contradicted her words . 
 `` but the thing is , you did go to his room with him . 
 i mean , the expectation was there , you know ? '' 
 erin put her hand on my thigh when i sucked in a breath-a warning against replying yet . 
 i exhaled through my nose and fumed silently . 
 i was an outsider . 
 i could be removed easily , and that would be no good for mindi . 
 she needed all the support she could get . 
 `` you were n't like , a virgin , either , right ? '' 
 another girl said . 
 `` god , taylor , that 's not material , '' another said . 
 taylor shrugged . 
 `` it would matter to me . '' 
 mindi 's face was pale and she looked like she was either going to vomit or pass out . 
 erin leaned closer to her and whispered , `` breathe , honey . '' 
 several people said more stupid things , and others said more sensible things , and finally it seemed like everyone had spoken their minds except katie , erin , and the two people who ultimately held buck 's fate in their hands : mindi and me . 
 finally , katie banged the gavel lightly , stopping all conversation and turning every head in her direction . 
 her posture so perfect that she could have been a queen wearing a heavy crown , she fixed her eyes on me . 
 `` jackie , i understand that you 're alleging that buck attempted to rape you on the night of the halloween party ? '' 
 a couple of girls mumbled asides and one actually giggled . 
 my hands tightening into fists in my lap , i ignored them , swallowed and nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` okay sorry , i do n't see why she 's even here , '' a junior class rep said . 
 `` if he did n't actually do it - '' `` he had every intention of doing it , '' erin said through clenched teeth . 
 `` he was just stopped before he succeeded . '' 
 the other girl tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` but she did n't report it that night . 
 why not ? 
 and why now ? 
 i mean , how do we know this is n't a ploy for attention ? 
 or some sort of vendetta against buck ? '' 
 erin growled next to me . 
 `` he was stopped by a guy who saw the whole thing and is willing to make an official report with me . '' 
 my voice wavered , and beneath the table , erin took my right hand and held it tightly . 
 `` as far as why now instead of then ... that was my bad judgment . 
 it did n't occur to me that he 'd do this to someone else . '' 
 i glanced at mindi , an apology in my eyes , and then katie . 
 `` i thought it was just me . '' 
 `` what guy ? 
 one of the brothers ? 
 because dude , they 're not going to testify against buck , '' taylor said , and several girls nodded . 
 `` no . 
 lucas maxfield . '' 
 `` oh , i know him , '' olivia 's sister said . 
 `` he 's yummy ... '' `` is he the non-greek guy who was at the halloween party without a costume ? 
 cowboy boots ? 
 dark hair ? 
 gorgeous eyes ? 
 total hottie ? '' 
 the girl next to her asked . 
 `` yeah , that 's him . '' 
 `` mindi , '' katie interrupted , `` i understand that dean and d.j. spoke with you yesterday ? '' 
 mindi nodded , her still red-rimmed eyes wide . 
 `` they want me to drop the charges . 
 they said they would handle it internally . '' 
 heads pivoted back and forth between the sorority president and the freshman pledge as they volleyed questions and answers . 
 `` what are your plans , now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm really confused . '' 
 katie pinned her with a look . 
 `` did buck do what you said he did ? '' 
 mindi 's eyes filled with tears , and when she nodded , they spilled down her cheeks . 
 `` then what the hell is there to be confused about ? '' 
 everyone sat in stunned silence for a moment , until the girl who 'd pronounced lucas a total hottie exclaimed , `` are you saying she should press charges ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 gasps sounded around the table , and i was so dumbfounded i could n't move . 
 `` but this will look so bad for - '' `` you know what looks bad ? '' 
 katie cut off her vp . 
 `` a bunch of women who do n't support each other when a guy pulls some shit like this . 
 i 'm sick of it . 
 less than an hour ago , i told d.j. where he could stick his goddamned fraternal reputation . '' 
 she stood up and leaned forward , her hands on the table . 
 `` let me tell you girls a story , short and sweet . 
 in high school , i was a junior varsity cheerleader dating a senior who was up for football scholarships . 
 i 'd slept with him several times , willingly . 
 one night i was n't in the mood , but he was . 
 so he held me down and forced me . 
 the few people i told about it-including my best friend-pointed out what would happen to him if i told . 
 they stressed the fact that i had n't been a virgin , that we were dating , that we 'd had sex before . 
 so i kept quiet . 
 i never even told my mother . 
 that boy put bruises on my body . 
 i was crying and begging him to stop and he did n't . 
 that 's called rape , ladies . '' 
 she drew herself up and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` so buck can enjoy sitting in a cell contemplating how he blew up his life . 
 that dickwad hurt two people sitting at this table . 
 and you 're worried about who 'll look bad if they tell ? 
 screw that . 
 dean and d.j. and kennedy and every frat boy on this campus can all go f ** k themselves . 
 are we sisters or not ? '' 
 *** jacqueline , i 've attached the review that i 'll hand out on thursday . 
 i guess it 's technically preferential for me to give it to you a couple of days early , but i did tell you that you were my favorite , after all . 
 lm -lrb- aka lucas , aka landon , aka mr. maxfield -rrb- mr. landon lucas maxfield , it feels odd to get economics email from you . 
 like you are n't really the same person . 
 -lrb- i just remembered how i asked if you needed help in economics . 
 i was all set to recommend you as a tutor to yourself . 
 you must have thought i was so clueless . -rrb- 
 thank you for the review worksheet . 
 i wo n't even look at it until thursday . 
 that way you do n't need to feel guilty about giving it to me early . 
 mindi and i filed reports at the police station earlier . 
 erin drove us . 
 it was the first time i actually gave anyone a detailed account of the whole thing . 
 i was shaking and crying by the time i was done , and i felt weak and stupid all over again . 
 mindi was in even worse shape ; the case worker said she may need to be treated for ptsd . 
 she told us both to go to the school counseling office or a private therapist for treatment . 
 mindi called her parents on the way back to campus , and they 'll be on a flight here in the morning . 
 it never even occurred to me to tell mine . 
 i do n't think i could deal with another i-told-you-so speech from my mother . 
 not about this . 
 i gave the detective your information , and she said they would call you when they want you to come in . 
 i 'm not sure what happens next . 
 jw -lrb- aka jacqueline , aka j , aka ms. wallace , aka jackie - but will apply self-defense training as needed if called such -rrb- ms. jacqueline -lrb- not-jackie -rrb- wallace , i never for one moment thought you were clueless . 
 i got caught up in my own deception , and i felt increasingly rotten about it . 
 i 'm glad you found out , and i 'm sorry i did n't tell you myself . 
 if anyone was clueless , it was me . 
 i feel like such a jackass for ever saying anything to make you think that any part of that night was your fault . 
 i was so amped , and pissed-at him . 
 if you had n't made that sound in the truck , i think i might have killed him . 
 did you both file a restraining order ? 
 lucas me : can we switch to text ? 
 lucas : sure np me : we got the paperwork to file a temporary ro tomorrow afternoon . 
 lucas : good . 
 if you feel threatened , i want you to call me . 
 ok ? 
 me : ok . 
 lucas : tomorrow is my last class day in econ . 
 dr. h will be doing a review on friday . 
 me : obviously , you do n't need that . 
 i thought you were a bad slacker student . 
 sitting on the back row , drawing , not paying any attention to the lecture . 
 lucas : i guess i did look that way . 
 this is my third semester to tutor , and my fourth to sit through the class . 
 i know the material pretty well . 
 me : so , after wednesday , we do n't have class together ? 
 and after the final next wednesday , then what ? 
 several minutes passed , and i knew i 'd asked a question he either did n't know the answer to or did n't want to answer . 
 lucas : winter break . 
 there are things you do n't know about me . 
 i told myself i wo n't lie to you again , but i 'm not ready to put everything out there . 
 i do n't know if i can . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 winter break began a week from friday-the last day of fall finals . 
 i was required to leave the dorm over break , and the spring semester would n't begin for seven weeks . 
 a lot could change in that space of time . 
 i fell out of a tree in sixth grade and broke my arm . 
 i could n't play my bass or braid my own hair for seven weeks . 
 when i was fifteen , my best friend dahlia went to summer camp for seven weeks . 
 when she returned , she was best friends with jillian . 
 i remained friends with them both , but things were never the same between dahlia and me . 
 seven weeks after fall semester started , kennedy broke up with me , and seven weeks later , i realized i was getting over him . 
 seven weeks could change everything . 
 erin came in from work before i could formulate a reply to lucas , if there even was one . 
 uncharacteristically quiet and wearing a distracted expression , she peeled off her work clothes carefully , dropping them into the laundry basket without her usual garment-flinging tendency . 
 `` erin ? 
 is everything all right ? '' 
 she flopped onto her bed and stared at the ceiling . 
 `` chaz was standing next to my car when i came out tonight . 
 holding flowers . '' 
 i did n't see any flowers , so i could only imagine what had happened to them . 
 probably nothing good . 
 `` what did he want ? '' 
 i knew exactly what he wanted . 
 i knew what he 'd wanted last saturday . 
 what he 'd probably wanted ever since he 'd been dumb enough to choose his dick of a best friend over his girlfriend . 
 `` he apologized . 
 he groveled . 
 he said he 'd apologize and grovel to you if i wanted him to . 
 he swore he 'd never thought buck would resort to-that-to get a girl , because girls are always throwing themselves at him . 
 i told him three weeks ago that it is n't about sex . 
 it 's about dominance . '' 
 she raised up on her elbows to look at me . 
 `` he did n't listen to me then . 
 and now , when buck is about to be arrested and charged with rape-now he 's listening . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i guess that guys who 'd never do something like that have a hard time believing some other guy would , '' i said , but i could see her point . 
 awareness and apologies were fine and good , but they could come too late . 
 chapter 21 kennedy was waiting outside the classroom wednesday morning . 
 avoiding eye contact , i intended to walk by him into class , but he reached out as i passed . 
 `` jacqueline-come talk to me . '' 
 allowing him to pull me a few feet to the left of the door , i faced the classroom so i could see when lucas arrived . 
 he kept his voice low and leaned one shoulder on the smooth tile wall . 
 `` chaz says you and mindi filed police reports yesterday . '' 
 i expected anger or exasperation , but saw neither . 
 `` we did . '' 
 he rubbed a couple of fingers over his flawlessly stubbled chin-a habit that used to make me want to do the same . 
 `` you should know , buck is claiming that the thing with mindi was consensual , and the thing with you did n't happen at all the night you said it did . '' 
 my mouth fell open and snapped closed . 
 `` the ` thing ' with mindi ? 
 the ` thing ' with me ? '' 
 ignoring my indignation , he added , `` he apparently forgot that he 'd told chaz and at least a dozen other guys that you and he had hooked up in your truck , right after the party , before he got jumped . '' 
 i knew buck had spread rumors , but i had n't heard the details . 
 `` kennedy , you know i would n't do that . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i did n't think so , but i was n't sure how you were reacting to our breakup . 
 i did a few , um , ill-advised things after ... i figured you were entitled to the same . '' 
 i thought of obbp-erin and maggie 's solution to my after-breakup nosedive-and conceded-to myself-that he was n't completely off the mark . 
 still , i wondered if he 'd ever known me at all . 
 `` so you thought i might be so upset over losing you that i 'd start screwing random guys in parking lots ? '' 
 he pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` of course not . 
 i mean , i mostly assumed that he was exaggerating . 
 i had no idea that he 'd ... '' his jaw clenched and his green eyes blazed . 
 `` it never occurred to me that he 'd do that . '' 
 i was getting sick and tired of that sentiment . 
 i saw lucas approaching at the same time he spotted me . 
 without pausing , he walked straight over and stood next to me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i 'd grown addicted to that sentence from him , and the way he said it , his voice like steel under velvet . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he nodded once at me and gave kennedy a quick glance that promised lethal injury if he saw fit to inflict it . 
 kennedy blinked and looked over his shoulder to watch lucas enter the classroom . 
 `` that guy 's in our class ? 
 and what the hell was that look for ? '' 
 he turned back to examine my face more closely as i watched lucas disappear through the door . 
 `` chaz said some guy was in the parking lot that night . 
 that he 's the one who beat the shit outta buck , not a couple of homeless guys like buck said . '' 
 he gestured with a thumb . 
 `` is that who he was talking about ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` why did you tell me you just got away ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about that night , kennedy . '' 
 with you , i added silently . 
 i 'd have to talk about it soon enough , when i had to give a deposition to the defense , and again when it went to trial . 
 `` fair enough . 
 but you were n't exactly honest with me the other night . '' 
 `` i was honest ; i just was n't completely forthcoming . 
 i do n't know why i even told you , especially after you asked me to drop the charges so the frat could save face - '' `` that was a mistake . 
 one that 's been rectified - '' `` yes , by a bunch of sorority girls much braver than you . 
 mindi was about to cave to your pressure , and if she 'd dropped her case , i would n't have had one at all . 
 you of all people know that . 
 so thanks , kennedy , for your support . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` look , i appreciate your talk with buck , and for what it 's worth , i know you genuinely did n't want him to hurt me . 
 but he needs to go to jail , not just be dressed down by a peer and tossed out of his fraternity . '' 
 i spun to enter the classroom and stopped when he called my name . 
 `` jacqueline-i 'm sorry . '' 
 erin was right . 
 apologies could come too late . 
 i nodded , accepting his for the sake of everything we used to be , but nothing more . 
 dr. heller had begun the lecture , so i slipped into my seat , accepted benji 's smile of hello , and gave myself credit for becoming a survivor . 
 i had survived kennedy 's decision to end our relationship . 
 i had survived what buck tried to do to me . 
 twice . 
 and i would survive if lucas would n't - or could n't - trust me with his personal demons . 
 *** the trees had transitioned from leafy to bare without me noticing . 
 the shift was always a quick thing here-never a lengthy , multihued transformation like it was further north . 
 even still , i 'd been too preoccupied to observe the alteration as it occurred . 
 it seemed like one day the trees were thick and green , and the next , the leaves had vanished altogether , except in small , dead piles trapped in terraced corners and caught under border hedges . 
 the occasional warm days were gone as well . 
 lucas and i hunched into our coats , and my scarf was wound around my neck twice and encroaching on my face . 
 i exhaled into it and savored the warmth that lasted about two seconds . 
 lucas pulled his beanie lower . 
 `` do you want me to come with you this afternoon ? 
 i can get someone to cover my shift at starbucks . '' 
 i turned my head to look at him , but my scarf did n't turn with me . 
 `` no . 
 mindi 's parents are here . 
 they 're going to make sure everything 's taken care of for both of us . 
 they even offered to get me a hotel room-they 're keeping mindi there with them for the next week , and then taking her directly back home after finals . 
 her dad 's moving her stuff out of her dorm tonight . 
 erin says they may withdraw her permanently . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i guess it would n't do any good to point out that this could have happened anywhere . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` maybe once they get over the shock of it . 
 but mindi might not want to come back here , even if that 's true . '' 
 `` understandable , '' he mumbled , staring straight ahead as we walked . 
 we were silent until we got to the small building where my spanish class was located . 
 `` i wish i could skip again today , but we have oral presentations that count as part of the final . '' 
 he smiled , reaching out to loosen a stubborn strand of hair that clung to my lip . 
 i could n't get it with my gloved fingers . 
 his index finger was faintly gray , and i guessed that he 'd been sketching in class today . 
 `` i 'd like to see you , before you go home . 
 outside of saturday 's class , i mean . '' 
 his finger trailed my jaw , dipping into the pool of scarf and tucking beneath my chin . 
 i felt my stomach drop to my feet . 
 i 'd become familiar with non-verbal farewells recently , and goodbye was in his eyes . 
 i was n't ready to see it . 
 `` i have a solo performance for a final grade tonight , a mandatory recital to attend on friday , and my ensemble is performing saturday . 
 but i can come over tomorrow night , if you want . '' 
 he nodded , staring into my eyes , looking like he might kiss me . 
 `` i want . '' 
 students still hustled to their classes all around us . 
 i was n't late to class yet , this time . 
 he pulled my scarf back into place over my chin and smiled . 
 `` you look like a partial mummy . 
 like someone was interrupted while winding you into your shroud . '' 
 a full smile from lucas was so rare . 
 used to his ghost smile , dark scowls and intense stares , i was so stunned that my breath faltered . 
 and then i smiled back , and even if he could n't quite see my mouth i knew the crinkles around my eyes replicated those around his , the darker blue of my eyes connecting with the his gray-blue . 
 `` maybe i did a hammer-fist strike and bloodied his nose before he could do all that gruesome mummy stuff to me . '' 
 he laughed softly , holding the warm smile in place , and i leaned toward him like a flower to sunlight . 
 `` you are fond of that hammer-fist strike . '' 
 `` maybe not as fond as erin is of all things groin strike related . '' 
 he laughed again and leaned to kiss my forehead , letting me go swiftly and glancing around . 
 his smile faded , and i thought i 'd probably be willing to do almost anything to bring it back . 
 `` text me when you 're done this afternoon ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i will . '' 
 *** i was n't sure what i would find when i googled lucas 's name wednesday night . 
 i hoped for an obituary that would give me a starting point , which i found . 
 like many obits , the one for rosemary lucas maxfield did n't give a clue to how she died . 
 no `` in lieu of flowers please send a donation to '' with the name of some awful young-mother-killing illness at the end . 
 i googled her name , expecting nothing-but multiple articles popped up , all dated eight years ago . 
 the titles knocked the breath from me . 
 i chose one and clicked-my heart thumping so hard i could feel the individual beats-while i wished these commentaries were about someone else 's mother . 
 someone i did n't know . 
 two dead in murder-suicide authorities have confirmed the horrific details of a murder-suicide that took place during an apparent home invasion in the early hours of the morning on tuesday . 
 police say that darren w. smith , a local handyman , broke into the home of raymond and rosemary maxfield through a back window around 4 a.m. tuesday morning . 
 dr. maxfield was away on business . 
 after restraining her son in his room , smith raped rosemary maxfield repeatedly before slashing her throat . 
 cause of death was massive blood loss from multiple sharp force injuries . 
 smith then fatally shot himself . 
 weapons found at the scene included a seven-inch hunting knife and a 9 mm pistol . 
 smith was one of a group of contractors working on the maxfield home earlier this summer . 
 there appears to have been no other connection between smith and the maxfields , despite surveillance-type photos of the family found yesterday by investigators at smith 's home . 
 police believe that smith was aware of dr. maxfield 's absence from home . 
 unable to get in touch with his wife or son by tuesday evening , raymond maxfield requested that family friends charles and cindy heller check on them . 
 at approximately 7 p.m. , the couple discovered rosemary maxfield in her bedroom , covered in blood , with smith near her , dead from a self-inflicted gunshot to the head . 
 the minor child was taken to county hospital and treated for dehydration , shock , and minor injuries relating to the restraints , but was otherwise unharmed . 
 heller made a short statement earlier this evening , requesting that the press and the community allow maxfield and his son privacy to process the shocking manner in which they lost their 38-year-old wife and mother . 
 `` i was in the army . 
 special forces . 
 i 've seen some atrocious stuff . 
 but this was the worst thing i 've ever come across , and i 'll always regret taking my wife with me that night , '' heller said . 
 the hellers and maxfields have been close friends for sixteen years . 
 `` rose was an adoring wife and mother , a loving and wonderful friend . 
 she 'll be terribly missed . '' 
 *** `` thank you for seeing me outside office hours . '' 
 i took a deep breath and sat , hands clenched in my lap . 
 `` i need to talk to you about lucas . 
 there 's something i need to know about him . '' 
 dr. heller 's brows drew together . 
 `` i 'm not sure what i can divulge . 
 if it 's of a personal nature , you should probably ask him . '' 
 i was afraid he 'd say this , but i needed to know more before i saw lucas again . 
 i needed to know if that night had been the catalyst for the scars on his wrists , or if there was something more . 
 `` i ca n't ask him . 
 it 's about ... what happened to his mother . 
 to him . '' 
 dr. heller looked as though i 'd sucker-punched him . 
 `` he told you about that ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i googled his name , looking for her obituary . 
 when it did n't give a clue how she died , i googled her name . 
 yours was in the article i found . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` ms. wallace , i 'm not willing to talk about what happened to rose maxfield just to appease someone 's morbid curiosity . '' 
 i took another shaky breath . 
 `` this is n't curiosity . '' 
 i scooted to the edge of the chair . 
 `` his wrists-they 're both scarred . 
 i 've never known anyone who tried ... that , and i 'm afraid to say the wrong thing . 
 you 've known him all of his life . 
 i 've only known him a few weeks , but i care about him . 
 a lot . '' 
 he thought for a moment , and i knew he was weighing what to tell me , staring at me from under his bushy brows . 
 it was hard to imagine that this soft-spoken , doughy man had once been a member of special forces . 
 hard to imagine he 'd been the one to discover one of his closest friends , savagely murdered . 
 he cleared his throat , and i did n't move . 
 `` i became good friends with raymond maxfield in grad school . 
 we were both phd-track , but while i planned to go the more typical teaching and researching route , ray was bound for a more lucrative , non-academic career . 
 `` we attended a small gathering at the home of one of our professors , whose daughter was an undergrad , living at home . 
 she was stunning-all dark hair and dark eyes-so when she passed through on her way to the kitchen , ray got up with an excuse to get ice , and i followed . 
 he was my best friend , but i was n't letting him call dibs on a girl like that . 
 it was every man for himself . '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` five minutes later , i was feeling damned sure of my chances . 
 he 'd asked her major , and when she 'd answered , ` art ' , ray had blurted out , ` your father is dr. lucas-one of the foremost minds in modern economics-and you 're studying art ? 
 what the hell are you gon na do with a degree in art ? ' '' 
 he smiled , his eyes unfocused , remembering . 
 `` she drew herself up to all five foot two , eyes flashing , and said , ` i 'm going to make the world more beautiful . 
 what are you going to do ? 
 make money ? 
 i 'm so impressed . ' 
 she whirled around and left the kitchen . 
 for days , ray was furious that he had n't formulated a single retort while she was standing there . 
 `` a week later , i ran into her in the coffee shop . 
 she asked if i was as anti-art as my friend . 
 i 'm no dummy , so i exclaimed , ` no way-i know how essential art is in the expression of the human condition ! ' 
 so she invited me to an exhibit she was having , and told me i could bring ray . 
 i immediately regretted telling him at all , because he was determined to impart those clever comebacks he 'd been formulating since the night they met . 
 `` the gallery was squeezed between a liquor store and a furniture rental place . 
 as we walked to the door , ray made a remark about the ` more beautiful world ' she was n't making , and i wanted to kick myself again for bringing him . 
 `` rose walked up wearing a gauzy dress , her hair twisted up-very art student . 
 with her was a smartly dressed blonde-ray 's usual type-who she introduced as her best friend , and also a finance major . 
 ray barely noticed the other girl . 
 ` where 's your stuff ? ' 
 he asked rose . 
 his question seemed to take the bite out of her . 
 she was fidgety as she led us to the wall showcasing her paintings-watercolors . 
 we all waited , tense , for ray to pronounce judgment . 
 `` he examined each piece without comment , and then he looked down at her , and said , ` they 're beautiful . 
 i do n't think you should ever do anything that is n't this . ' 
 she graduated three months later , and he had a ring on her finger that night . 
 once he finished his doctorate , they got married , and he started his career with a vengeance , as he 'd always planned to do . 
 `` oddly enough , i ended up with the pretty finance major , and we married not long after they did . 
 the four of us stayed close friends . 
 landon is like an older cousin to our three . '' 
 dr. heller stopped and took a deep , sad breath , and my uneasiness returned . 
 `` ray was working for the fdic . 
 lots of travel . 
 i was teaching at georgetown ; we lived maybe twenty minutes from each other . 
 when he could n't get in touch with them that night , cindy and i drove over to check . 
 we found rose in her room , with smith 's body , and landon in his room . '' 
 dr. heller swallowed and i could n't breathe . 
 `` he was so hoarse from screaming he could n't speak , and his wrists were zip-tied to the bed post . 
 he 'd dragged that bed until it ran into other furniture and could n't go any further . 
 his wrists were lacerated , trying to get loose from those ties to get to his mother . 
 there was dried blood on his arms and the corner of the bed . 
 that 's where the scars came from . 
 he 'd been like that fifteen , sixteen hours . '' 
 my stomach heaved and tears streamed down my face , but dr. heller 's voice was flat . 
 i sensed he was holding himself apart from the memory as much as he could . 
 i felt cruel for making him relive such a horrible night . 
 `` rose was the emotional heart of the three of them . 
 ray adored her , and losing her that way , when he was n't there to protect her ... he shut down . 
 he 'd made tremendous strides in his career , but he quit it all . 
 moved the two of them to his dad 's place on the coast , went back to the fishing boat he 'd been so determined to never have any part of when he left home at eighteen . 
 his father died a couple of years later , left him everything . 
 `` landon shut down in a different way . 
 cindy and i tried to tell ray that he should n't be uprooted from everything he knew , that he surely needed therapy , but ray was out of his mind with grief . 
 he could n't stand to be in that house or that city . '' 
 he looked up at me then , pulling a tissue box from a desk drawer when he took in my face . 
 `` i think you need to get the rest from landon-i mean , lucas . 
 he changed his name to his middle name-his mother 's maiden name-when he came here for college . 
 trying to reinvent himself , i guess . 
 an eighteen-year habit is hard to break , and he has n't called me on it enough in the past three years . '' 
 he peered at me and exhaled . 
 `` i wish i 'd never seen you leaving his apartment . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , any student/tutor restrictions are over . 
 just ... so you know . '' 
 i dabbed a tissue under my eyes and thanked him . 
 university restrictions were the least of my worries . 
 chapter 22 `` you 're a good cook . '' 
 i grabbed the empty glasses and followed lucas to the sink . 
 he rinsed the bowls of pesto remains and turned to take the glasses from me . 
 `` pasta 's easy-the college-version gold standard for impressing a date with your mad culinary skills . '' 
 `` so this is a date ? '' 
 before he could do an about-face , i added , `` and you made the pesto from scratch-i watched you . 
 that was impressive all on its own . 
 besides , you 've never lived in a dorm , where the pasta choices are usually chef boyardee from a can , or two-for-a-dollar ramen noodles . 
 the occasional lean cuisine . 
 trust me , your skills are positively epicurean . '' 
 he laughed , treating me to the full smile i craved . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i returned the smile , but it felt counterfeit-as though someone else had shaped my mouth into a happier contour than i was capable of feeling . 
 `` really . '' 
 every minute , i battled a mounting dread over what i 'd learned on the internet the previous night , and from dr. heller hours before . 
 lucas had been through such hell , and shared it with no one , as far as i knew . 
 he 'd said there were things i did n't know about him that he might never be able to reveal , and instead of respecting those secrets , i 'd unearthed them . 
 i wanted to be the one he let in , but my prying could easily be turned into an excuse to shut me out . 
 `` i guess it would wreck my standing as a top chef if i told you i made brownies from a box for dessert . '' 
 his expression was stern . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i love brownies from a box . 
 how 'd you know ? '' 
 he was trying to maintain a severe demeanor and failing . 
 `` you 're full of contradictions , ms. wallace . '' 
 i looked up at him and arched a brow . 
 `` i 'm a girl . 
 that 's part of the job description , mr. maxfield . '' 
 he dried his hands on a dishtowel and tossed it on the counter , pulling me closer . 
 `` i 'm very aware of the fact that you 're a girl . '' 
 his fingers threaded through mine and he restrained both of my hands behind me , gently , pressing them into my lower back . 
 my breathing quickened along with my heart rate as we stared at each other . 
 `` how would you get out of this hold , jacqueline ? '' 
 his arms surrounded me and my body bowed into his . 
 `` i would n't want to , '' i whispered . 
 `` i do n't want to . '' 
 `` but if you did want to . 
 how would you ? '' 
 i closed my eyes and visualized . 
 `` i would knee you in the groin . 
 i would stomp on your instep . '' 
 i opened my eyes and calculated our relative heights . 
 `` you 're too tall for me to head-butt , i think . 
 unless i jump up like they taught us to do in soccer camp . '' 
 one corner of his mouth turned up . 
 `` good . '' 
 he leaned down , our lips inches apart . 
 `` and if i kissed you , and you did n't want me to ? '' 
 i wanted him to so badly my head swam . 
 `` i-i would bite you . '' 
 `` oh , god , '' he breathed , his eyes closing . 
 `` why does that sound so good ? '' 
 i leaned in and up , as close as i could get , but his lips were still out of reach , and my arms-trapped behind me-couldn ' t stretch to pull him down . 
 `` kiss me and find out . '' 
 his lips were warm . 
 he kissed me carefully , nibbling and sucking my lower lip . 
 drawing the tip of my tongue along the inner edge of his mouth , i swept it over the the slim ring , lightly , and he groaned and pulled me in so tight i could barely breathe . 
 my hands were suddenly freed and he grasped my hips , lifting me onto the counter so that our angles were reversed . 
 thrusting my fingers into his hair , i pressed my tongue into his mouth , cautiously , tracing over the hard palate just behind his teeth while wrapping my arms and legs around him . 
 he sucked my tongue into his mouth and i gasped . 
 i 'd never kissed anyone like that ; i 'd never been kissed like that . 
 one hand at the back of my neck , directing me , the other balancing me on the edge of the counter , he coaxed me to do it again and when i did , he caressed my tongue with his own , grazing his teeth over the surface , biting it softly as i withdrew . 
 `` holy crap , '' i moaned before he drove his tongue into my mouth , finally , and i tightened my grip on him everywhere , wanting to cry from how right it felt . 
 plucking me from the counter , he strode into his room and we fell onto his bed , my legs still locked around him . 
 braced over me , he kissed me deeply , stroking the interior of my mouth until i was writhing under him . 
 he pulled me up and removed my sweater and i unbuttoned his shirt . 
 leaving it hanging open , he started to unzip my jeans , stopping to scan my face . 
 `` yes . '' 
 there was no hesitation in my voice . 
 he pulled the zipper down slowly , watching me ; i felt the pressure of it as i lay still , panting softly , staring up at him . 
 one hand on my thigh and the other stilled at the base of the zipper , he murmured , `` i have n't tried this with anyone ... significant in a long time . 
 it 's never worked before . '' 
 i tried to rein in the disbelief all too evident in my tone . 
 `` you have n't had sex before ? '' 
 he closed his eyes and sighed , his hands moving to grip my bare waist . 
 `` i have . 
 but not with anyone i cared about or ... knew . 
 one-time things . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he raised his eyes to mine . 
 `` that 's all-ever ? '' 
 he smiled sadly , his fingers running just inside the perimeter of my loosened waistband . 
 `` it 's not like there 've been tons of them . 
 there were more before , in high school , than there have been the past three years . '' 
 i did n't know how to reply to that . 
 i could n't focus on anything but the feel of his index fingers hooking into the belt loops at the side of my jeans . 
 `` lucas ? 
 i said yes , and i meant it . 
 i want this-as long as you have protection , i mean . 
 i want this , with you . 
 so this is okay . '' 
 i was babbling , worried that it would end as it had six days before . 
 i exhaled a breath and spoke just above a whisper . 
 `` please do n't ask me to say stop . '' 
 staring down at me , he pulled and i lifted my hips . 
 my jeans slid down my legs and he tossed them aside , shrugged out of his shirt and removed his jeans . 
 `` i want it to be better than okay . 
 you deserve better than okay . '' 
 after grabbing a condom from a box in the nightstand and tossing the small square on the bed , he settled between my legs . 
 i was shivering like i had no experience whatsoever . 
 `` you 're shaking , jacqueline . 
 do you want to - '' `` no . '' 
 i put my trembling fingers over his mouth . 
 `` i 'm just a little cold . '' 
 and a whole lot nervous . 
 he pushed the covers down beneath me and dragged them back up , over us . 
 his weight pressing into me , he kissed me thoroughly before staring into my eyes , his fingers drifting over my face . 
 `` better ? '' 
 i took a deep breath , my fears dissolving with his touch , the anticipation climbing faster than it had minutes ago in the kitchen . 
 `` yes . '' 
 as his thumb caressed my temple , his fingertips teased into my hair . 
 his eyes were so pale this close that i could see every fragmented facet . 
 `` you know you can say it . '' 
 his voice notched lower , softer . 
 `` but i 'm not asking you to , this time . '' 
 `` good , '' i answered , lifting my head to capture his mouth , my hands kneading up and over the hard muscles of his back before trailing my nails down the center from his shoulder blades to his hips . 
 his earlier hesitation gone , he removed the last scraps of fabric we were wearing , fixed the condom in place , kissed me fiercely and rocked into me . 
 had this been kennedy , it would have been over in a few minutes . 
 my last coherent thought , as lucas took his time kissing and touching every part of me he could reach and my body arched into his , was oh ... so this is what all the fuss is about . 
 *** we lay facing each other , snuggled under the covers , shoulders peeking out . 
 i watched his gaze drift over my face , stopping on each feature as if he was memorizing it : ear , jaw , mouth ... chin , throat , curve of shoulder . 
 he came back to my eyes then , lifting his hand and tracing over the individual attributes while watching my response . 
 when his fingers trailed over my lips , they edged the border before rubbing across the lower one , and i swallowed and concentrated on breathing . 
 his eyes fell there and he stared for a long moment before cupping the back of my neck , moving closer and kissing me so softly i hardly felt it , until the thin connection caught and ricocheted through me , shooting to my toes like a current . 
 i sighed and our breath mingled . 
 pushing the covers to my waist , he urged me onto my back before propping his face on his hand and continuing his perusal . 
 my exposed skin should have been cold , but i warmed under his examination . 
 `` i want to sketch you like this . '' 
 his voice was as gentle as his touch-now skirting across my collarbone , back and forth , before moving lower . 
 `` can i assume it wo n't end up on the wall ? '' 
 he smirked down at me . 
 `` er , no , this one would n't go on the wall , as tempting a thought as that is . 
 i 've done several sketches of you that are n't on the wall . '' 
 `` you have ? '' 
 `` mmm-hmm . '' 
 `` can i see them ? '' 
 he gnawed his lower lip , fingers tracing along the curves of my breast and then following the bumps of each rib . 
 `` now ? '' 
 his warm hand curved around my waist and he pulled me closer . 
 i looked into his eyes as he lay over me . 
 `` maybe , in a little while ... '' he scooted lower . 
 `` good . 
 'cause i 've got a couple things i 'd like to do first . '' 
 *** he pulled on his dark boxer briefs before padding out to the kitchen . 
 i heard the front door open and close a moment later , his voice a low murmur mixed with francis 's insistent meows . 
 he came back with a tall glass of milk and a plate of brownie squares . 
 handing me the plate , he took a sip of the milk before setting it on the bedside table . 
 i sat with the sheet held over my br ** sts and watched him move across the darkening room . 
 he flicked on the desk light and picked up the sketchbook . 
 stacked in a corner of the desk , there were several just like the one he held . 
 in the center of his upper back was a gothic-looking cross , not quite high enough to peek out of a t-shirt neckline . 
 the remaining tats were tiny scripted lines surrounding the cross , not meant to be read from a distance , just like the poem on his left side . 
 his skin was clear from his shoulder blades down . 
 turning , he caught me studying him-i could n't look away , so there was no hiding my appraisal . 
 he crawled onto the bed , propping the pillows and sitting behind me , his legs on either side of my h * ps under the covers . 
 while i lay back against his chest and nibbled a brownie , he opened the sketchbook and flipped through pages , some containing little more than shapes , lines and vague forms , others detailed portrayals of people , objects or scenes . 
 a few were finished and dated , but most were partially complete . 
 finally , he opened to his first sketch of me-which he must have done during class , when i sat next to kennedy . 
 my chin was propped in my hand , elbow on the desktop . 
 i took the book from him and browsed page by page from there , slowly , amazed at his skill . 
 he 'd sketched two of the oldest buildings on university grounds , a guy skateboarding down the drag , and a panhandler on the outskirts of campus talking to a couple of students . 
 interspersed with these were meticulous illustrations of mechanical things . 
 i turned the page to another sketch of me , this one very close-up-facial features and the suggestion of hair , but little else . 
 scrawled in the bottom corner was a date , two or three weeks before kennedy dumped me . 
 `` does it bother you-that i was watching you before you knew me at all ? '' 
 his tone was guarded . 
 i found it impossible to be bothered by anything at the moment , wrapped up in him as i was . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're just observant , and for some reason you found me an interesting subject . 
 besides , you 've sketched a lot of people who did n't know you were scrutinizing them so closely , i assume . '' 
 he chuckled and sighed . 
 `` i do n't know if that makes me feel better or worse . '' 
 leaning to the side , propping my head against his inked bicep , i looked up at him . 
 still clutching the sheet to my chest in a belated show of modesty , or insecurity , i watched his heated gaze flick there before rising to my face . 
 `` i 'm not mad anymore that you did n't tell me you were landon . 
 the only reason i was angry was because i thought you were playing me , but it was the opposite of that . '' 
 i let the sheet drop , and his searing gaze dropped with it . 
 lifting my fingers , i brushed them over the smooth skin along his jaw . 
 he must have shaved just before i came over . 
 `` i could never be afraid of you . '' 
 without a word , he took the plate from my lap and the sketchbook from my hand before lifting and turning me onto his lap . 
 arms surrounding me , his mouth moved over my br ** sts as my hands tangled in his hair . 
 i ignored the reproach in my mind-the one insisting that i was the one withholding information now , and while i might not fear lucas directly , i feared his desertion if i told him what i knew , and how i knew it . 
 inhaling the now-familiar smell of him , i dragged my fingers across the words and designs on his skin as he kissed me , banishing my shrill pang of conscience to a distant drone . 
 chapter 23 `` so where 's ... '' benji 's voice trailed off when i glanced at him , and he finished his sentence with a quick head angle toward lucas 's unoccupied seat and a characteristic eyebrow waggle . 
 `` it 's final review day , so he does n't have to be here . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 he smiled , leaning over the arm of his desk and lowering his voice . 
 `` so ... since you know that bit of inside info , and you two left class together the last couple of days ... can i assume that somebody 's getting a little private tutoring now ? '' 
 when i pinned my lips together , he snorted a laugh , held up a fist and sing-songed , `` nailed it ! '' 
 rolling my eyes , i bumped his knuckles with mine , knowing he 'd hold his fist aloft between us until i did . 
 `` god , benji . 
 you 're such a bro-it-all . '' 
 he grinned , eyes wide . 
 `` woman , if i was straight , i would steal you from him so hard . '' 
 we laughed and prepared to take macroeconomics notes for the last time . 
 `` hey , jacqueline . '' 
 kennedy slid into the empty seat next to me and benji gave him a narrow-eyed stare that he did n't deign to notice . 
 `` i wanted to give you a heads up . '' 
 he sat sideways in the desk , facing me , keeping his voice low . 
 `` the disciplinary committee decided to let him stay on campus for the next week , as long as he abides by the restrictions of the restraining orders-because he 's pled innocent , and because there 's only a week left in the semester . 
 he has to vacate the premises as soon as finals are over , though . '' 
 i already knew buck was out on bail , and that he 'd been served the temporary restraining order on thursday afternoon-chaz had called erin to tell her , and she 'd passed the information to me , as well as to mindi and her parents . 
 `` awesome . 
 so he 's staying in the house ? '' 
 we 'd all hoped he would be kicked off campus , but administration was embracing an innocent-until-proven-guilty stance . 
 `` yeah , for the next week , but then he 's gone . 
 the frat does n't have to be as impartial as university officials do . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` apparently d.j. saw the light after katie told him off . 
 dean finally agreed . 
 letting buck stay for finals week was the only compromise they made-and he 's only allowed to go to his scheduled finals and back . '' 
 laying his warm hand over mine , he stared into my eyes . 
 `` is there ... is there anything i can do ? '' 
 i knew my ex well enough to know what he was actually asking , but there was no second chance for him in my heart . 
 that place was filled , but even if it had n't been , i was sure that i 'd rather be alone than be with someone who could desert me as he 'd done . 
 twice . 
 i withdrew my hand into my lap . 
 `` no , kennedy . 
 there is n't . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he sighed and shifted his gaze from my face to his knees . 
 nodding , he looked at me one last time , and i was both gratified and saddened to see the full realization of what we 'd lost in his familiar green eyes . 
 standing to go to his seat , he excused himself to edge past my late-arriving neighbor who , for once , had nothing to say about her weekend plans . 
 *** freshman year weeded out musicians who 'd ruled their high school orchestra , band , or choir without a lot of practice-the ones who came to college believing themselves to be above mundane technical proficiencies like scales and internals , let alone music theory . 
 most music majors were devoted to perfecting our skills , so we spent hours a week practicing-often hours a day . 
 nothing was ever perfect enough to risk slacking off . 
 i 'd come to campus a little spoiled . 
 at home , i 'd practiced whenever i wanted to ; mom and dad had never limited me , though admittedly , i was reasonable in my practice times . 
 unable to keep my furniture-sized bass in my dorm room , i had to procure a locker for it in the music building and schedule booth times to play . 
 i quickly learned that evening spots went fast ; though the building was open nearly 24/7 , i did n't want to trudge across campus at 2 a.m. to practice . 
 scheduling jazz ensemble rehearsals was even more of a pain . 
 beginning freshman year , we met two or three times a week . 
 recently , it had become obvious why sunday morning studio reservations were easy to get : sunday was hangover day for much of the student body , and fine arts majors were n't immune . 
 by halfway through the fall semester , most of us had skipped sunday morning rehearsal once or twice . 
 what worked freshman year would n't work at all by the time we were juniors . 
 just before the peer recital began on friday night , i reiterated to one of our horn players why i could n't make the hastily assembled last-minute rehearsal on saturday morning , even though our performance was that evening . 
 `` i have a class tomorrow - '' `` yeah , yeah , i know . 
 your self-defense class . 
 fine . 
 if we suck tomorrow night , it 's on you . '' 
 henry was undeniably gifted , as if he 'd been born with a saxophone in his long-fingered hands . 
 his pompous attitude backed by genuine skill , he usually intimidated the hell out of all of us . 
 in that moment , though , i was tired of him being an ass . 
 `` that 's bullshit , henry . '' 
 i glowered at him as he slouched smugly on the other side of kelly , our pianist , who 'd opted to stay out of the argument . 
 `` i only missed one rehearsal the entire semester . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` but it 's about to be two , is n't it ? '' 
 before i could reply , the recital began . 
 i sat back in my seat , gritting my teeth . 
 i was as much of a serious musician as anyone else in our group , but saturday was the last self-defense class , the culmination of everything we 'd learned . 
 it was important . 
 erin was stoked about the one-on-one matches ralph had planned between each of the class members and either don or lucas . 
 `` i 'll try to get don , '' she 'd promised while she got dressed for work and i got ready for the last mandatory peer recital of the semester . 
 squinting one eye into the mirror while applying a layer of mascara to the other , she 'd teased , `` i do n't wan na wreck your boy-toy 's vital parts before you 're done playing with him ! '' 
 i had n't heard from lucas all day , though we were both so busy that i almost did n't have time to dwell on the absence of communication and what it meant . 
 almost . 
 a year ago , i had n't thought i would ever sleep with anyone but kennedy . 
 he 'd been with other girls before me-if nothing else , his experience during my first time made that clear . 
 that fact had n't bothered me , much , though we 'd never actually spoken about it . 
 lucas , too , was obviously experienced , though he told me none of those previous girls had been significant . 
 if kennedy had ever confessed something like that , i 'd have been relieved , if not thrilled . 
 lucas 's encumbered history made his revelation heartbreaking , instead , and i was uncertain what it meant for him , for me , and for us . 
 *** at the beginning of class , we reviewed every move we 'd learned while ralph circulated the room , giving tips and encouragement . 
 don and lucas were absent for the first portion . 
 ralph wanted us to remain emotionally separated from them , so we would n't feel awkward inflicting violence on them in the last hour . 
 i wondered , though , how many of us wasted precious seconds worrying that we were overreacting-tiny , valuable ticks of time spent not defending ourselves , thinking , but i know this guy . 
 my heart in my throat , i watched as each of my classmates used their newfound defense techniques on a fully-padded lucas or don . 
 as we took our turns on the mats , each of us benefitted from a bloodthirsty eleven-person cheering section , while the guys took turns so they could rest up from being pummeled , kicked , and verbally reviled . 
 since the padding cushioned our blows , they had to do a bit of acting-adjusting their reactions as though each landed punch or kick had done its job . 
 so when erin saw an opening and swung a perfect sweep kick to the groin , don crumpled to the ground as if incapacitated . 
 eleven voices screamed , `` run ! 
 run ! '' 
 but don 's big , padded body blocked a straight escape to the designated `` safe zone '' by the door , and erin hesitated for a split second . 
 he rolled toward her and we screamed even louder . 
 roused , she leapt onto his chest like it was a springboard and launched herself , turning when she landed and kicking him two more times before running away . 
 when she reached the far door , she pumped both fists in the air and bounced up and down while everyone cheered . 
 ralph clapped her on the shoulder as she rejoined us , and i glanced at lucas . 
 wearing his ghost smile , he watched her . 
 one more woman , empowered . 
 one more given the ability to defend herself against attack . 
 one more who might not meet his mother 's fate . 
 his eyes found mine , and i wondered if these single , hopeful moments would ever be enough to alleviate the ache that haunted him . 
 the ache about which i was presumably unaware . 
 pulling his gaze from me , he went to wait for the next potential victim to walk onto the mats . 
 there were two of us remaining-a very soft-spoken secretary named gail from the student health center , and me . 
 ralph eyed the two of us . 
 `` who 's next ? '' 
 gail stepped forward , trembling visibly . 
 while ralph murmured subtle tips-something he had n't done for anyone else-lucas went easy on her . 
 our booklet said that having the confidence to fight back was a critical part of self-defense training , and i knew they were giving her that . 
 the more punches and kicks she landed , the louder we cheered her on , and the harder she fought . 
 when she returned to the group and accepted our emphatic praise , there were tears on her face and she was still wobbly-but she wore a mile-wide smile . 
 i went last , against don . 
 my adrenaline spiked the moment i stepped onto the mat , and i wondered if the tiny shockwaves running through me were visible to everyone , like gail 's unsteady hands had been as she held her small body in defense mode . 
 i knew lucas and erin were watching me closely ; they were the only ones who knew exactly what had brought me there . 
 the entire thing was over in a minute , maybe two . 
 don circled me once , mumbling hey , baby comments-part of the scenario . 
 i kept my eyes on him , my whole body taut , waiting . 
 suddenly , he swerved toward me and tried to grab my arm . 
 i did a wrist block , then screwed up a snap kick and ended up in a front bear hug . 
 i was n't sure if it was in my head or actually shouted-because everything seemed slow-motion and muted , like we were under water-but i heard erin 's voice yell , `` nutsack ! '' 
 i brought my knee straight up , tearing from don 's grasp when he grunted and released me . 
 running to the door , i heard erin 's cheerleader-voice rising over everyone else 's . 
 she bounded across the room to hug me when i reached the safety zone , and over her shoulder , i watched lucas 's expression . 
 he 'd removed his headgear and combed his sweaty hair back , so i could clearly see his face , and the familiar barely-there smile . 
 *** lucas : you did well this morning . 
 me : yeah ? 
 lucas : yeah me : thanks lucas : coffee sunday ? 
 pick you up around 3 ? 
 me : sure : -rrb- *** saturday night 's performance demanded my full attention , distracting me until i was in my room . 
 erin had n't returned from yet another sorority gathering , but was due back soon . 
 the entire dorm was wide awake , studying for-or freaking out about-finals , enjoying the last full weekend before break , or well past ready to go home . 
 the voices in the hall alternated between pre-finals tension and pre-holiday excitement . 
 a deep-toned bass line seeped through the wall opposite my bed , and my fingers moved with it . 
 occasionally , the fact that i played the bass would come up with strangers , who typically imagined an electric instrument and a garage band . 
 lucas looked more suited to that part than i did-dark hair falling into his eyes , small silver ring following the full curve of his bottom lip , not to mention the tattoos and lean , defined muscle that would look so hot onstage , peeking from a thin t-shirt . 
 or no t-shirt . 
 oh , god . 
 never . 
 getting . 
 to . 
 sleep . 
 my phone beeped and displayed a message from erin . 
 erin : talking to chaz . 
 may be late . 
 you ok ? 
 me : i 'm good . 
 you ok ? 
 erin : confused . 
 maybe i 'd feel better if i just kicked him . 
 me : nutsack !!!!!!!!! erin : exactly . 
 *** `` those people are crazy . '' 
 knees pulled to my chest , i cuddled close to lucas as he sketched a couple of kayaks out on the lake . 
 `` it 's got to be even colder out there on the water than it is sitting here . '' 
 he smiled and reached behind me to pull my coat 's hood up over the wool and cashmere scarf and hat i was wearing . 
 `` you think this is cold ? '' 
 he crooked an eyebrow at me . 
 i scowled and touched my gloved fingers to my nose , which had the anesthetized feeling that comes from a shot at the dentist , right before they drill a tooth . 
 `` my nose is numb ! 
 how dare you scoff at my sensitivity to ice-age temperatures . 
 and i thought you were from the coast . 
 is n't it warmer there ? '' 
 chuckling , he stuck his pencil above his ear , under his cap , closed the sketchpad and laid it on the bench . 
 `` yeah , it 's definitely warmer on the coast , but that 's not where i grew up . 
 i 'm not sure you could survive a winter in alexandria if you 're this much of a candy-ass . '' 
 i gasped in pretend outrage , punching him in the shoulder while he feigned being unable to block the blow . 
 `` ow , jeez-i take it back ! 
 you 're tough as nails . '' 
 he turned and slid his arm around me , rewarding me with that full smile . 
 `` total badass . '' 
 between his proximity in the physical sense , and his embrace in the emotional sense , i hummed happily and cuddled closer , closing my eyes . 
 `` i throw a mean hammer-fist , '' i mumbled into his hoodie . 
 his leather jacket lay folded on the bench next to the sketchbook . 
 he 'd insisted it was n't cold enough to need it , except on the motorcycle . 
 he echoed my hum , tipping my head back with an ungloved , curiously unfrozen finger . 
 `` you do . 
 i 'm actually a little scared of you . '' 
 our faces were inches apart , his breath mingling with mine in one evaporative cloud between us . 
 `` i do n't want you to be scared of me . '' 
 the words i could n't bring myself to add swirled through my mind : talk to me , talk to me . 
 barring that , i wanted him to kiss me so i would n't feel the guilt escalate , threatening to spill out in one irrevocable confession . 
 as if i 'd made that request aloud , he lowered his head and kissed me softly . 
 chapter 24 most people would take off as soon as they handed in the last final . 
 erin was leaving on saturday , but i was staying because my favorite middle school student had invited me to his concert monday night-he 'd made first chair , and wanted to show off . 
 we were required to vacate the dorms for winter break by tuesday , so i would be going home that day , whether i wanted to or not . 
 maggie , erin and i met in the library to study for our last astronomy exam of the semester . 
 around 2 am , maggie flopped face-down onto her open textbook with a dramatic sigh . 
 `` uuuuugh ... if we do n't take a break from this shit , my brain is going to be a black hole . '' 
 erin said nothing , and when i looked at her , she was checking her phone , scrolling through a text , and then replying . 
 she hit send and noticed i was looking at her . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 her brown eyes were a little wide . 
 `` um , chaz was just letting me know the guys are taking turns keeping an eye on buck . 
 making sure he does n't leave the house . '' 
 `` i thought we were n't talking to chaz , '' maggie mumbled sleepily-eyes closed , cheek pressed to the page we were reviewing . 
 erin 's eyes landed anywhere but mine , and i knew she 'd abandoned that plan . 
 i decided to let her fidget a little longer before i let her off the hook . 
 i 'd always liked chaz and could only fault him so much . 
 i would n't want to believe my best friend was a monster , either . 
 checking my phone , i reread the texts i 'd sent lucas earlier , and his replies . 
 me : econ final : pwned lucas : all because of me , right ? 
 me : no , because of that landon guy . 
 lucas : ; -rrb- me : my brain hurts . 
 i have three more exams . 
 lucas : one more for me , friday . 
 then work . 
 see you saturday . 
 `` mindi 's last final is tomorrow . '' 
 erin doodled a design around an equation in her notebook . 
 `` i heard her dad is sitting in the hall during all of her finals , '' maggie said . 
 i 'd heard the same rumor . 
 `` i ca n't blame him , if that 's true . '' 
 we watched erin , who knew the truth between fact and campus gossip . 
 she nodded . 
 `` he is . 
 and she 's not coming back , except to testify . 
 she 's transferring to some small community college back home . '' 
 the regret in her eyes was bottomless . 
 `` her mom said she 's still having nightmares every night . 
 i ca n't believe i just left her there . '' 
 maggie sat up . 
 `` hey . 
 we left a lot of people there . 
 it was n't our fault , erin . '' 
 `` i know , but - '' `` she 's right . '' 
 i made erin look at me . 
 `` put the fault where it goes . 
 on him . '' 
 *** i finally told my parents about buck . 
 i had n't talked to them since before thanksgiving . 
 due to something left out of order in the pantry , mom figured out that i 'd been home , and called me . 
 i guess she wanted to make sure a stranger had n't broken into the house and un-alphabetized her grains and condiments , so i had to fess up . 
 `` but ... you told me you were going to erin 's ? '' 
 instead of telling her that she 'd come to that conclusion by herself-that i 'd only mentioned erin once , that she 'd never bothered to verify what i was actually doing over thanksgiving break-i lied . 
 it was easier for both of us that way . 
 `` coming home was a last-minute decision . 
 no big deal . '' 
 she started jabbering about the things we needed to do over the break-i was due for a dental appointment , and my truck 's registration would expire in january . 
 `` do you need an appointment with kevin , or have you found a stylist there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 instead of answering her question , i blurted it all out-buck 's assault in the parking lot , lucas saving me , buck raping another girl , the charges we were pressing , the upcoming criminal case . 
 there was no stopping it , once it started . 
 at first i thought she had n't heard me , and i gripped my phone , thinking i 'm not repeating all of that , if she 's too damned busy decorating for her party to listen to me for ten seconds . 
 and then she choked out , `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 she knew why , i think . 
 i did n't need to say it . 
 they had n't been the best parents ; they had n't been the worst , either . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'm telling you now . '' 
 she was silent for another strained moment , but i heard her moving through the house . 
 they were hosting their annual catered holiday party on saturday , and i knew how control-freak and anal mom was about the house being perfect for that . 
 growing up , i 'd learned to make myself scarce during the entire week leading up to that party . 
 `` i 'm calling marty right now to tell him i 'm not coming in tomorrow . '' 
 marty was mom 's boss at her software consulting firm . 
 `` i can be there by eleven . '' 
 i recognized the sound of her dragging her wheeled suitcase out from the closet under the stairs . 
 i gaped into the phone for a moment before sputtering to life . 
 `` no-no , mom , i 'm fine . 
 i 'll be home in less than a week . '' 
 her voice shook when she answered , shocking me further . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , jacqueline . '' 
 she said my name as though she was trying to find some way to touch me through the phone . 
 `` i 'm so sorry this happened to you . '' 
 my god , i thought , she 's crying ? 
 my mother was n't a crier . 
 `` and i 'm sorry i was n't here for you when you came home . 
 you needed me and i was n't here . '' 
 alone in my room , i sat on my bed , dazed . 
 `` it 's okay , mom . 
 it 's not like you knew . '' 
 she 'd known about my breakup with kennedy ... but i was ready to let that go , too . 
 `` you raised me to be strong , right ? 
 i 'm good . '' 
 i realized as i said it that it was true . 
 `` can i-can i set up an appointment for you , with my therapist ? 
 or one of her partners , if you 'd rather ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten mom 's occasional therapy sessions . 
 she 'd been diagnosed with an eating disorder when i was really young . 
 i did n't even know what it was-bulimia , anorexia ? 
 we 'd never really talked about it . 
 `` sure . 
 that would be good . '' 
 she sighed , and i thought i heard relief . 
 i 'd given her something to do . 
 *** after we finished several cartons of chinese takeout and a conversation about how we chose our respective majors , lucas fished his ipod from his front pocket and handed me the earbuds . 
 `` i want you to hear this band i just found . 
 you might like them . '' 
 we were sitting on the floor with our backs to my bed . 
 once i was plugged in , he pushed play , watching me as i listened . 
 his eyes locked with mine as the music swelled in my ears . 
 i could n't hear anything outside of it , could n't see anything but his eyes on me . 
 he leaned closer and i inhaled the soothing scent of him . 
 cupping my face in his hand , he moved his mouth to mine , kissing me at a leisurely pace that somehow matched the rhythm of the song . 
 he tasted like the wintergreen tic tacs he 'd been sucking on . 
 handing me the ipod , he picked me up , deposited me on the bed and lay next to me , drawing me into his arms and kissing me until the first song bled into the next , and the next . 
 when he pulled back to trace a finger over the edge of my ear , i removed an earbud and handed it to him . 
 we lay side-by-side on my narrow dorm bed-the length of which only just accommodated the length of his body comfortably-listening together , immersed . 
 he opened a new playlist , and i knew that the song he chose was something for me-beyond a band he wanted to share , or something for us to discuss musically . 
 my heart reached for him as we listened , staring at each other , and i felt the threads of connection between us-fragile filaments , so easily snapped . 
 like the poem etched into his side , we were each curving to fit inside the other , and this melting and reshaping could be deeper , more resilient . 
 i wondered if he felt it , and when i listened to the lyrics of this song that he chose , i thought maybe he did . 
 now do n't laugh 'cause i just might be ... the soft curve in your hardline . 
 the hallway outside my door was mostly silent , finally , after a day of people packing up and moving out that had begun early . 
 we talked-recent history only-and lucas relayed the story of how francis came to be his roommate . 
 `` he showed up at the door one night , demanding to be let in . 
 napped on the sofa for an hour , then demanded to be let out . 
 it turned into a nightly ritual , with him staying longer and longer , until at some point i realized he 'd moved in . 
 he 's basically the most brazen squatter ever . '' 
 i laughed and he kissed me , laughing , too . 
 still smiling , he kissed me again , hands wandering over my waist and hip . 
 as we started to make out , i panted out the fact that erin was n't leaving campus until tomorrow-and therefore could walk in any moment . 
 `` i thought you said she was leaving today . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` she was . 
 but her ex-boyfriend is charting a relentless campaign to get her back , and he wanted to see her tonight . '' 
 his hand wandered under my shirt , exploring . 
 `` so what happened with them ? 
 why did they break up ? '' 
 my lips parted when his hand cupped one breast , molding it to his palm as though it was meant to fit there . 
 `` over me . '' 
 his eyes widened slightly and i smiled . 
 `` no-not like that . 
 chaz was ... buck 's best friend . '' 
 i hated how my body clenched when i thought of buck , how my teeth clenched when i said his name . 
 without even being present , he triggered responses i could n't quell , and that infuriated me . 
 `` he 's gone now , right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he 's left campus ? '' 
 transferring his arm to my back , lucas pressed me closer , his hand at the back of my neck . 
 closing my eyes , i burrowed my head beneath his chin , nodding . 
 `` i doubt he 'll be allowed to come back next semester , even before the trial , '' he said . 
 i breathed him in , closing my mouth tight and inhaling the scent of him through my nose . 
 i felt sheltered by him . 
 safe . 
 `` i 'm always looking over my shoulder . 
 he 's like one of those jack-in-the-box clowns ... i never told you about the stairwell , did i ? '' 
 i was n't the only one incapable of suppressing physical reactions . 
 his body stiffened , and his grip on me was suddenly less gentle , more charged . 
 `` no . '' 
 mumbling the story into his chest , trying to stick to facts and nothing else so i could temper my own response , i ended with , `` he made it look like we 'd done it in the stairwell . 
 and from the looks on everyone 's faces in the hall ... from the stories that circulated after ... they believed him . '' 
 i forced the tears back . 
 i did n't want to cry over buck anymore . 
 `` but at least he did n't get into my room . '' 
 quiet for so long that i thought he was n't going to comment , he finally pushed me onto my back , wedging one knee between mine and kissing me roughly . 
 his hair tickled the side of my face , and i wrenched my hands-trapped between us-free , plunging them into his hair as though i could pull him closer . 
 the way he kissed me felt like a brand . 
 like he was tattooing himself under my skin . 
 he knew all of my secrets , and i knew his . 
 but that seeming reciprocity was a lie-because he had n't been the one to reveal his own . 
 i 'd excavated them , and worse , he was unaware of it . 
 my guilt mushroomed between us , along with my longing for him to share that part of himself . 
 to trust me with it . 
 i was going home in three days . 
 i could n't bring this up with miles and hours between us , or keep it to myself for weeks longer . 
 when we slowed again , wrapped up in each other and allowing our libidos and heart rates time to decelerate , i saw an opening . 
 `` so you sort of live with the hellers , and they 're family friends ? '' 
 he watched me and nodded . 
 `` how did your parents meet them ? '' 
 turning onto his back , his teeth slid over the ring in his lip and he sucked it into his mouth . 
 i recognized this as his stress-disclosing equivalent of kennedy 's neck-rubbing . 
 `` they went to college together . '' 
 the earbuds had been dislodged sometime during the last half hour . 
 he turned the ipod off and wound the wires around it tightly . 
 `` so you 've known them all of your life . '' 
 he pushed the ipod into his front pocket . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 images of what i 'd read , and what dr. heller had revealed , flashed in front of my eyes . 
 lucas needed comforting-i 'd never known anyone who needed it more-but i could n't console him over something he had n't shared . 
 `` what was your mother like ? '' 
 he stared up at the ceiling , and then closed his eyes , unmoving . 
 `` jacqueline - '' the scrape of a key in the door startled both of us . 
 the room was unlit , except for a low-watt desk lamp . 
 when the door opened , a block of light , filled with erin 's silhouette , fell across the floor in the center of the room . 
 `` j , are you already asleep ? '' 
 she whispered , her eyes still adjusting from the bright hallway , or she 'd have seen that i was n't alone on the bed . 
 `` um , no ... '' lucas sat up and swung his feet to the floor , and i followed . 
 timing is everything , i thought . 
 after tossing her purse on her bed and kicking off her shoes , erin turned back toward us . 
 `` oh ! 
 hey ... er . 
 i think i might have some laundry i need to do ... '' she shrugged out of her coat and grabbed her nearly-empty laundry basket . 
 `` i was just leaving . '' 
 lucas bent to pull on his black boots and lace them up . 
 mouthing , oh my god i 'm so sorry ! 
 over his head , erin was the picture of contrition . 
 i shrugged and mouthed back , it 's okay . 
 following lucas into the hall , i gripped my opposite arms , cold after the warmth of lying next to him . 
 `` tomorrow ? '' 
 he zipped his leather jacket before turning to me , his lips set firm . 
 his eyes slid from mine and i felt the wall between us then , too late . 
 our gazes connecting , he sighed . 
 `` it 's officially winter break . 
 we should probably use it to take a break from each other as well . '' 
 i tried to form an intelligible protest , but was n't sure what to say . 
 i 'd just pushed him to this , after all . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the word rasped from me . 
 `` you 're leaving town . 
 i will be , too , for at least a week . 
 you need to pack up , and i 'll be helping charles get final grades posted over the next day or so . '' 
 his justification was so logical ; there was no concealed thread of emotion i could wrench free . 
 `` let me know when you 're back in town . '' 
 he bent to kiss me , quickly . 
 `` bye , jacqueline . '' 
 chapter 25 as i drove to lucas 's apartment sunday night , i reviewed the numerous reasons why popping up unannounced and uninvited was a bad idea : he might not be there , he might be busy , he thinks he scared me away , he thinks we said goodbye . 
 on the other hand , i was only going to be in town until tuesday morning , and i could n't let him dismiss me without a fight . 
 after i knocked , i heard the bolt turn and then lucas 's harsh voice through the door . 
 `` who is it , carlie ? 
 do n't just open the door - '' `` it 's a girl . '' 
 the door swung open and a pretty , blonde , dark-eyed girl was framed in the doorway . 
 she blinked at me , clearly waiting for an explanation of who i was and what i wanted . 
 i could n't speak . 
 i was sure my heart had lodged itself in my esophagus and stopped beating . 
 lucas came up next to her , scowling . 
 when he saw me , his brows rose into the hair hanging over his forehead . 
 `` jacqueline ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 my heart revved to life and i turned to tear down the stairs . 
 suddenly i was airborne , my bicep caught in his grip , swinging me from the top step as he brought me against his chest and i almost , almost stomped on his instep . 
 `` she 's carlie heller , '' he said into my ear , and i stilled . 
 `` her brother caleb is inside , too . 
 we 're playing video games . '' 
 my heart still pounded fight-or-flight as his words sunk in and i slumped against him , feeling like a jealous idiot . 
 i dropped my forehead to his chest . 
 his heart was pounding as hard as mine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i mumbled against his soft t-shirt . 
 `` i should n't have come . '' 
 `` maybe you should n't have come without telling me , but i ca n't be sorry to see you . '' 
 i looked up . 
 `` but you said ... ? '' 
 his eyes were silver under the porch light . 
 `` i 'm trying to protect you . 
 from myself . 
 i do n't do ... '' he swung a finger back and forth between us '' ... this . '' 
 my teeth chattered when i spoke . 
 `` that does n't make any sense . 
 just because you have n't before does n't mean you ca n't . '' 
 too late , i apprehended a different , more likely reason for his words . 
 `` unless ... you do n't want to . '' 
 he sighed and released his grip on my arm to run both hands through his hair . 
 `` it 's not ... that ... '' `` brrr ! 
 are y ' all coming in , or what ? 
 'cause i 'm closing this door . '' 
 i peeked around lucas . 
 carlie heller looked young , but she did n't look that young . 
 she did n't seem resentful , though . 
 and she appeared to be curious . 
 `` well , you asked for it . '' 
 threading his fingers through mine , lucas turned toward the door and pushed it wider . 
 `` we 're coming in . '' 
 carlie darted to a corner of the sofa where francis lay across a blanket . 
 scooping him up , she flopped him over her shoulder like he was an inanimate object . 
 after climbing under the blanket , she rearranged the cat on her lap and picked up the controller . 
 next to her sat a scowling boy with the same dark eyes , a bit younger than -lrb- but just as sullen as -rrb- my middle school boys . 
 `` take all day , '' he mumbled in lucas 's direction . 
 `` rude . '' 
 carlie elbowed him and he rolled his eyes . 
 lucas took his controller from the sofa cushion , gesturing for me to sit in the corner opposite carlie . 
 `` guys , this is my friend , jacqueline . 
 jacqueline , these monkeys are caleb and carlie heller . '' 
 carlie and i exchanged hellos and caleb mumbled something in my direction . 
 i pulled my feet beneath me and watched the game over lucas 's head . 
 when carlie ushered caleb out fifteen minutes later , his sulking had n't decreased . 
 he glanced back at me . 
 `` i ca n't have girls alone in my room . '' 
 she swatted the back of his head . 
 `` shut it . 
 lucas is a grown-up , and you are just a horny pre-adolescent . '' 
 i tried to disguise my laugh as a cough as caleb 's face flushed red , and he shot through the door and pounded down the steps . 
 carlie turned to hug lucas and beam at me . 
 `` y ' all have a good night , '' she chirped , disappearing through the door . 
 he watched her walk across the yard and into the house , saying goodnight before shutting and bolting the door . 
 he turned , leaning back against it , and stared at me . 
 `` so . 
 i thought we said we were taking a break ? '' 
 he did n't seem angry , but he was n't happy , either . 
 `` you said we were taking a break . '' 
 his lips flattened . 
 `` do n't you have to check out of the dorm for several weeks ? '' 
 i remained in my spot on the sofa , curled up into the corner . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm only here for two more days . '' 
 he stared at the ground , his palms flat on the door behind him . 
 i tried to swallow but could n't , my speech turning shaky . 
 `` there 's something i need to tell - '' `` it 's not that i do n't want you . '' 
 his voice was soft , and he did n't look at me when he spoke . 
 `` i lied , earlier , when i said i was protecting you . '' 
 his chin came up and we stared at each other across the room . 
 `` i 'm protecting myself . '' 
 he took a visible breath , his chest rising and falling . 
 `` i do n't want to be your rebound , jacqueline . '' 
 the memory of operation bad boy phase crashed into me . 
 erin and maggie had hatched the plan for me to use lucas to get over kennedy , as though he had no feelings of his own , and i 'd gone along with it . 
 i had no idea then that he 'd been watching me the whole semester . 
 that once we began talking , his interest would grow stronger . 
 that finally , he would feel the need to turn away from me because of the depth of those feelings , not because he felt nothing . 
 `` then why are you assuming that role ? '' 
 i unfolded myself from the tight little ball i 'd become in the corner of his sofa , and walked across the room , slowly . 
 `` it 's not what i want , either . '' 
 as i approached , he remained frozen in place , sucking the ring on his lower lip into his mouth . 
 straightening , he stared down at me as though he thought i might disappear in front of his eyes . 
 his hands came up to cup my face . 
 `` what am i gon na do with you ? '' 
 i smirked up at him . 
 `` i can think of a couple of things . '' 
 *** `` my mother 's name was rosemary . 
 she went by rose . '' 
 his disclosure brought me back to earth . 
 lying pressed to his side , i 'd been distractedly tracing the dark red petals over his heart , wondering how to tell him what i knew . 
 or if . 
 `` you did this in memory of her ? '' 
 a lump stuck in my throat as my finger outlined the stem . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his voice was low and weighty in the dark room . 
 he was so heavy with secrets that i could n't imagine how he survived it day after day , never sharing the burden with anyone . 
 `` and the poem on my left side . 
 she wrote it . 
 for my dad . '' 
 my eyes stung . 
 no wonder his father had shut down . 
 from what dr. heller told me , ray maxfield was a logical , analytical person . 
 his only emotional exception must have been his wife . 
 `` she was a poet ? '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 my head on his arm , i watched his ghost smile appear in profile , and it looked different from that angle . 
 his face was scruffy , unshaved , and several places on my body boasted the slightly chafed evidence of it . 
 `` usually , she was a painter . '' 
 i fought to ignore my conscience , which would n't quit babbling that i should tell him what i knew . 
 that i owed him the truth . 
 `` so she 's responsible for those artist genes all mixed up with your engineering parts , eh ? '' 
 turning onto his side , he echoed , `` engineering parts ? 
 which parts might that be ? '' 
 a mischievous smile tugged at his mouth . 
 i arched a brow and he kissed me . 
 `` do you have any of her paintings ? '' 
 my fingers followed an orbit around the rose , and the hard muscle beneath it flexed with my touch . 
 pressing my hand to his skin , i absorbed the measured thump-thump of his heart . 
 `` yeah ... but they 're either in storage , or displayed in the heller 's place , since they were close friends of my parents . '' 
 `` your dad is n't still friends with them ? '' 
 he nodded , watching my face . 
 `` he is . 
 they were my ride home at thanksgiving . 
 they ca n't get him to come here , so every other year , they all go there . '' 
 i thought about my parents and the friends and neighbors with whom they socialized . 
 `` my parents do n't have any friends close enough to be incorporated into actual holidays . '' 
 he stared up at the ceiling . 
 `` they were all really close-before . '' 
 his grief was so tangible . 
 i knew in that moment that he 'd not worked through it-not at all in the eight years it had been . 
 his protective wall had become a fortress holding him hostage rather than giving sanctuary . 
 he might never fully recover from the horror of what happened that night , but there had to be a point where it would n't consume him . 
 `` lucas , i need to tell you something . '' 
 his heart drummed under my hand , slow and steady . 
 other than shifting his gaze to me , he did n't move , but i felt his withdrawal as he waited . 
 i assured myself that the disconnection was all in my mind-a product of my guilt and nothing more . 
 `` i wanted to know how you lost your mother , and i could tell it upset you to talk about it . 
 so ... i looked online for her obituary . '' 
 my breathing went shallow as the seconds ticked by and he said nothing . 
 finally , he spoke , and his voice was undeniably flat and cold . 
 `` did you find your answer ? '' 
 i swallowed , but my voice was a whisper . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i could n't hear myself over the rapid thud of my heartbeat . 
 he shifted his eyes from me and lay back , biting his lip , hard . 
 `` there 's one more thing . '' 
 he inhaled and exhaled , staring at the ceiling , waiting for my next confession . 
 i closed my eyes and blurted it out . 
 `` i talked to dr. heller about it - '' `` what ? '' 
 his body was like rock against mine . 
 `` lucas , i 'm sorry if i invaded your privacy - '' `` if ? '' 
 he shot up , unable to look at me , and i sat , pulling the covers up with me . 
 `` why would you go talk to him ? 
 were n't the gory details in the news reports sickening enough for you ? 
 or personal enough ? '' 
 he pulled on his boxers and jeans , his movements rough . 
 `` did you want to know how she looked when they found her ? 
 how she 'd bled out ? 
 how even when my dad ripped out the carpet with his bare hands - '' he exhaled harshly '' - there was a yard-wide circle of bloodstained flooring underneath that could n't be sanded deep enough to get it all ? '' 
 his voice broke and he stopped talking . 
 in shock and out of words , i could hardly breathe . 
 he sat on the edge of the bed , silent , his head in his hands . 
 he was so close that i could have reached out to stroke the cross that ran along his spine , but i did n't dare . 
 i scooted carefully from the bed and got dressed . 
 i pulled on my uggs and walked to stand at the foot of the bed . 
 his elbows pressed into his thighs , his hands obscuring his face like blinders . 
 i stared at the dark hair grazing his shoulders , the flexed muscles of his arm and the ink circling his bicep and flowing down his forearm , his beautiful , lean torso and the words etched into his side like a brand . 
 `` do you want me to leave ? '' 
 i surprised myself , uttering the words with a steady voice . 
 i do n't know why i thought he would say no , or say nothing . 
 i was wrong , either way . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the tears started flowing then , but he could n't see them . 
 he did n't move from his position on the bed . 
 i could n't even be angry , because i 'd crossed a line and i knew it , and meaning well was n't good enough . 
 i grabbed my purse and keys from the kitchen table and my coat from the sofa , ears pricked for the sound of him coming after me , telling me to stay . 
 there was nothing but silence from his room . 
 when i opened the door , francis shot inside , along with a burst of cold air . 
 i pulled the door shut behind me before a sob broke free . 
 gulping the frigid air and wondering how i 'd managed to screw this up so thoroughly , i was determined not to cry until i was in my truck . 
 i slid my hand along the railing as i rushed clumsily down the steps , because i could n't see through the combination of a moonless night and my tears . 
 a splinter pierced my hand two steps from the bottom . 
 `` ow ! 
 dammit . '' 
 the physical pain provided the ideal excuse for the sobbing to start . 
 i sprinted down the long , curved driveway , unsuccessful in my attempt to curb my tears long enough to get into the truck . 
 `` damn . 
 damn . 
 damn . 
 fuck . '' 
 i jammed my key into the lock by feel . 
 deja vu . 
 that was the first thing i thought when i felt myself propelled across the bench seat . 
 that was where the resemblance ended , though . 
 buck shut the door behind him and slapped the automatic lock . 
 his weight immobilized my lower legs and he had my left wrist in his hand before i could make out who he was , though i knew . 
 `` good enough to spread your legs for anybody but me , huh jackie ? '' 
 chapter 26 on my back , with my head at an awkward angle against the passenger door , i jerked at my arm and struggled without success to move my legs . 
 `` get off ! '' 
 i yelled the words , knowing they would be meaningless to him . 
 i was parked in the street-too far for anyone else to hear me . 
 `` get out of my truck ! '' 
 i 'd dropped my keys onto the truck floor when he 'd shoved me into the truck , and i searched the floor with my right hand , intending to use them as a weapon . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 he grabbed my right wrist and shook his head like he could read my mind . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere until we 're done talking . 
 you and your lying cunt friend have ruined my f ** king life . '' 
 and then , i heard ralph 's voice in my head . 
 your body is already a weapon . 
 you just need to know how to use it . 
 abruptly , i stopped struggling and took stock : i could n't kick . 
 i could possibly get my wrists free by rotating and jerking them straight down , but then what ? 
 he would just grab me again , immobilize me further . 
 i needed him closer-the last thing i would naturally seek . 
 i turned my eyes away . 
 `` listen to me when i 'm talking to you , goddammit ! '' 
 he grabbed my chin roughly , his fingers digging in as he leaned over me and forced me to face him . 
 right hand free . 
 while shoving my hand between us , grabbing and twisting his balls and yanking up as hard as i could , i slammed my forehead into his nose with as much force as i could manage in a straight upward trajectory . 
 the night in the frat parking lot , everything had happened so quickly that getting my bearings was impossible until it was over . 
 this time , everything was in slow motion-so for an impossibly stretched space of time , i was positive that nothing i 'd just done had worked . 
 and then he screamed , and his nose started gushing . 
 i had never seen so much blood so close-up . 
 it poured out of him as though i 'd opened a faucet full-blast . 
 left hand free . 
 he was listing to the side . 
 still yanking up on his balls , i raised my left knee and turned into him , shoving his shoulder with my left hand . 
 he fell sideways into the cramped crevice in front of my truck 's bench seat . 
 the feeling rushed back into my legs , tremors wracking through me , and i went for the door , shoving it open so violently that it almost bounced all the way back . 
 just before i cleared the door , his right hand shot out and grabbed my wrist , like the never-quite-dead psycho in a horror movie . 
 i spun and smashed my fist down on the sensitive spot on his upper forearm , inches down from his the crook of his arm , and he released me , bellowing angrily and attempting to flail himself into an upright position . 
 i did n't wait to see if he succeeded . 
 i vaulted from my truck and ran . 
 this would have been an ideal time to scream , but i could barely gasp breaths . 
 i heard his footsteps pounding unevenly behind me and i focused on lucas 's door at the top of those steps . 
 i was halfway down the driveway when buck lunged from behind and grabbed at my hair , yanking me to a stop painfully . 
 i yelped as we went down , immediately turning onto my side as lucas had taught me , dislodging him . 
 suddenly , lucas was there . 
 like a dark avenging angel , he yanked buck away from me and threw him , and then installed himself between us . 
 i scrambled backwards , crab-like . 
 he spared me one glance , his colorless eyes flaring in the dim light cast by the flood lights at the side of the house , before he turned back to buck , who 'd rolled to his feet . 
 blood coated the space between his nose and mouth and was smeared on his chin , but there was little on him aside from that . 
 a second floodlight at the corner of the house popped on , illuminating the scene . 
 panting , i glanced down at my chest and started . 
 my pink and white knit shirt was stained dark from the neckline to the top of my belly . 
 because of our positions when i 'd slammed buck 's nose , my chest had caught the majority of blood that gushed from his face . 
 i battled the urge to rip my shirt off in the heller 's front yard . 
 crouching , he tried to circle lucas . 
 rather than turn with him , lucas moved sideways , remaining with his back to me , blocking buck from getting any closer to me . 
 buck 's voice was a gruff snarl . 
 `` i 'm gon na bust that lip wide open , emo-boy . 
 i 'm not f ** ked up this time . 
 i 'm stone-cold sober , and i 'm gon na kick your ass before i f ** k your little whore nine ways from sunday-again . '' 
 lying bastard . 
 lucas did n't rush him , and did n't respond at first , and then i heard his very controlled voice . 
 `` you 're mistaken , buck . '' 
 never shifting his eyes from him , lucas unzipped his leather jacket , shrugged it off and tossed it aside . 
 as he shoved the sleeves of the dark long-sleeved t-shirt above his elbows , i noted the worn jeans he 'd pulled on earlier and the shit-kicker cowboy boots he grabbed when he was in a hurry , because they did n't require the time-suck that lacing his black combat boots involved . 
 buck threw a wide punch and lucas blocked it . 
 he tried again with the same result , and then rushed forward to pin lucas in a hold . 
 one kidney punch and left ear cuff later , and buck staggered to the side , pointing at me . 
 `` bitch . 
 think you 're too good for me-but you 're nothing but a whore . '' 
 lucas tracked him , staying between us . 
 when buck jabbed , lucas grabbed his forearm and turned , wrenching buck 's arm in a direction arms are n't meant to go before turning him to deliver a quick uppercut to the jaw . 
 buck 's head rotated so far he was almost looking backward over his shoulder . 
 he turned back and lucas snapped another blow straight into his lip . 
 holding his defensive stance and cocking his head once to each side , lucas 's ghost smile took on a menace it did n't imply when he turned it on me . 
 buck roared and lunged forward , and they went down . 
 height-wise , they were evenly matched . 
 weight-wise , buck had a clear forty or fifty pound advantage , and he used it to pin lucas , punching him in the side of the head twice before lucas twisted , tossing buck onto the top of his skull . 
 flopping onto his back , buck shook his head twice , like he was trying to clear it . 
 lucas tackled him , held him down , and slugged him four times in quick succession . 
 the sound made me think of dad texturing steaks , and my stomach turned . 
 buck 's face was quickly becoming unrecognizable , and though i could n't feel sorry for it , i was afraid lucas was crossing into what might be construed as deadly force . 
 `` landon ! 
 stop ! '' 
 dr. heller was tearing down the driveway . 
 he pulled lucas off buck , who was n't moving . 
 for a split second , lucas fought back , and i was afraid dr. heller was toast , but i 'd underestimated my professor and his special forces background . 
 his arms a band around lucas 's chest and arms , he barked , `` stop . 
 she 's safe . 
 she 's safe , son . '' 
 when lucas sagged , dr. heller loosened his hold . 
 lucas 's eyes found me instantly and he lurched in my direction . 
 sirens sounded in the distance , closing in quickly . 
 i heard them turn down the far end of the street at the same time lucas dropped to the grass beside me . 
 he was shaking violently , the adrenaline still pumping through him with nowhere to go . 
 breathing heavily , he stared at me , lifting a hand cautiously , like he was afraid i might recoil . 
 my jaw throbbed , and i deduced from his expression that it must have looked bad . 
 his fingers grazed over it and i flinched . 
 he snatched his hand back and i came up on my knees . 
 `` please touch me . 
 i need you to touch me . '' 
 i did n't have to ask twice . 
 his arms came around me , pulling me onto his lap and cradling me against his chest . 
 `` his blood ? 
 from his nose ? '' 
 he pulled the shirt away from my chest , and it stuck , the blood already drying , to the bra underneath , and my skin . 
 i nodded , disgusted . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 his arms slid around me again . 
 `` god , you 're so f ** king amazing . '' 
 i thought of buck 's blood on my skin and i pulled at the shirt as my stomach heaved again . 
 `` i want it off . 
 i want it off . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` yes . 
 soon . '' 
 his fingers moved gently over my face . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , jacqueline . 
 jesus christ , i ca n't believe i sent you out the door like that . '' 
 he choked up , his chest rising and falling . 
 `` please forgive me . '' 
 as he caressed me , i turned my head under his chin , folding into him as small as i could get . 
 `` i 'm sorry for looking her up . 
 i did n't know - '' `` shh , baby ... not now . 
 just let me hold you . '' 
 he pulled me tighter still after grabbing his jacket from the grass nearby and draping it over me , and we stopped speaking . 
 an ambulance arrived , and the emts roused buck , who at least was n't dead . 
 arms crossed dispassionately , one of the officers monitored his care as he was transferred onto a stretcher while his partner conferred with dr. heller over the altercation . 
 `` lan-lucas , '' he called . 
 `` you and jacqueline need to give your statements now , son . '' 
 lucas stood carefully , pulling me up with him , supporting me fully . 
 dr. heller reached a hand to his shoulder . 
 `` this young man is the son of my closest friend . 
 he rents the apartment over the garage . '' 
 he glanced at us with an odd look before continuing . 
 `` as i said , that fella - '' he pointed at buck , who was being loaded into the ambulance '' - has a restraining order filed against him on behalf of this young lady , which he violated by coming to her boyfriend 's home . '' 
 ah , there was the reason for the look . 
 the officers ' eyes widened when they took in my bloody shirt . 
 `` it 's his blood , '' i said , pointing toward the ambulance . 
 one of them smiled and echoed lucas . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 i leaned into lucas , and he tightened his arms around me . 
 the officers , already softened by dr. heller , could n't have been more sympathetic . 
 twenty minutes and all of our statements later , they , and buck , were gone , and lucas and i were gathering my things from my truck and the road after assuring dr. heller and his family that we would see to each other 's injuries . 
 without speaking , lucas led me up the stairs , into his apartment and straight into the bathroom . 
 he turned on the shower and lifted me onto the counter to pull off my boots and socks . 
 without pausing , he removed my shirt and bra and tossed them in the trash . 
 his shirt , speckled with droplets of blood-both his and buck 's - followed . 
 standing between my knees , he turned my face towards the light and inspected my jaw . 
 `` you 're going to bruise . 
 we 'll put some ice on it to get the swelling down , after you shower . '' 
 his jaw clenched tight . 
 `` did he ... hit you ? '' 
 i shook my head , which made it throb a bit . 
 `` just grabbed it really hard . 
 it 's sore , but actually the spot where i head-butted him hurts more . '' 
 `` does it ? '' 
 he brushed the hair back from my face and kissed my forehead so gently i could n't feel it . 
 `` i 'm so proud of you . 
 i want you to tell me about it , when you can ... and when i can stand to hear it . 
 i 'm still too angry right now . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he ran his fingers over the back of my neck . 
 `` i knew i 'd f ** ked up . 
 i was getting on my bike , coming after you-and then you were running up the driveway . '' 
 his jaw compressed and flexed . 
 `` when he tackled you ... i wanted to kill him . 
 i think if charles had n't stopped me , i would have killed him . '' 
 i did n't move from the counter until he 'd undressed . 
 he pulled me down , slid my jeans and underwear off , and led me to the shower , where he washed and inspected every part of me . 
 we were both bruised and abraded in unexpected places , and i could barely lift my arms . 
 `` that 's normal , '' he said , wrapping a towel around his waist and folding another around me . 
 `` during a fight , you do n't realize all the places you catch a punch , land wrong , or slam into something . 
 the adrenaline deadens it-temporarily . '' 
 his dark hair grazed his shoulders , dripping lines of water down his back and chest . 
 he sat me down to dry my hair , and i watched as thin rivulets snaked over his inked skin , flowing over the rose , cutting through the scripted words , and moving into the line of hair on his abdomen before finally soaking into the towel . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` the last time anyone dried my hair for me was in sixth grade , when i broke my arm . '' 
 he lifted each strand gently , pressing the towel around it to absorb the water without tangling it . 
 `` how did you break it ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i fell out of a tree . '' 
 he laughed , and the sound reduced the pain of every sore place on my body to the dullest ache . 
 `` you fell out of a tree ? '' 
 i squinted up at him . 
 `` i think there was a boy and a dare involved . '' 
 his eyes burned . 
 `` ah . '' 
 he squatted in front of me . 
 `` stay here tonight , jacqueline . 
 i need to keep you here , at least tonight . 
 please . '' 
 he took one of my hands in his , and i brought the other to his face , wondering how his eyes could look like chipped ice and still warm me to my core . 
 a bruise was forming near one eye , and the skin was scuffed and split high on his cheekbone , but his face was otherwise unhurt . 
 his next words were a whisper . 
 `` the last thing my father said to me , before he left , was , ` you 're the man of the house while i 'm gone . 
 take care of your mother . ' '' 
 my eyes filled with tears and so did his . 
 he swallowed heavily . 
 `` i did n't protect her . 
 i could n't save her . '' 
 i pulled his head to my heart and folded my arms over him . 
 on his knees , his arms slid around me while he cried . 
 as i stroked his hair and held him tight , i knew this night had struck a chord at the heart of his pain . 
 what tormented lucas went further than the horror of that night eight years ago . 
 what haunted him was guilt , however insanely misplaced . 
 when he grew quiet , i said , `` i 'll stay tonight . 
 will you do something for me , too ? '' 
 he fought back his instinctive wariness-i 'd seen him do this before , but never from such close range . 
 he inhaled a shaky breath , shoring up his courage . 
 `` yes . 
 whatever you need . '' 
 his voice was gritty and hoarse . 
 when his tongue rolled over his lip ring , i wanted him so badly that it was difficult to waste time talking . 
 `` go with me to harrison 's concert tomorrow night ? 
 he 's my favorite eighth-grader , and i promised him i 'd go . '' 
 he arched a brow and blinked . 
 `` um . 
 okay . 
 is that all ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 he shook his head and stood , leveling the ghost smile on me . 
 `` i 'm going to grab a couple of ice packs from the freezer . 
 why do n't you go get in bed ? '' 
 i stood , laying my hand on his chest and staring up at him . 
 `` is that a dare ? '' 
 he laid one hand over mine and pulled me closer with the other . 
 leaning down , he kissed me gently . 
 `` it absolutely is . 
 no falling out of it allowed , though . '' 
 chapter 27 the middle-school auditorium was packed with camcorder-wielding parents , bored siblings , and a smattering of grandparents . 
 skirting around clusters of people standing in the aisle , lucas and i took aisle seats halfway between the stage and the back exit doors . 
 i glanced down at the photocopied holiday green program . 
 harrison was in the highest orchestra , which meant it would be a while before he was onstage . 
 i gave lessons to two of the other boys in the lower orchestras , though , and i 'd never had the chance to see any of them actually perform . 
 i was nervous on all of their accounts . 
 i leaned close to lucas so no parents would overhear . 
 `` i should probably warn you that many of these kids have only been playing a few months-especially in the first orchestra-so they might be a little ... inexpert . '' 
 the corner of his mouth turned up , and i wanted to lean up and kiss him , but i did n't . 
 `` is that your polite way of saying to prepare for some nails-on-a-chalkboard sounds ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i heard harrison 's voice then from a roped-off section on the right side of the auditorium . 
 `` miss wallace ! '' 
 i searched for him amongst a sea of black polyester-tuxedoed boys , and girls with ankle-length school-color purple dresses . 
 i located his blond head about the same time he noticed lucas sitting next to me . 
 his wave froze and his eyes widened . 
 when i smiled and lifted my hand , he waved back once , dolefully . 
 `` i take it this is one of the ones crushing on you . '' 
 lucas stared down at the boot balanced on his knee , scratching at a worn seam and trying not to laugh . 
 `` what ? 
 they all crush on me . 
 i 'm a hot college girl , remember ? '' 
 i laughed and his eyes burned into mine . 
 he leaned in close and whispered into my ear . 
 `` so hot . 
 now you 've got me thinking what you looked like this morning , when i woke up with you in my arms , in my bed . 
 would it be too greedy to ask you to stay tonight , too ? '' 
 my face warmed from his compliment as i met his gaze . 
 `` i was afraid you were n't going to ask . '' 
 he took my hand and held it , balanced on my thigh , as the orchestra director took the stage . 
 an hour and a half later , harrison found me at the back of the auditorium . 
 he was holding a cluster of long-stemmed red roses , the color of which were identical to the blotchy , embarrassed shade of his face . 
 `` i wanted to give you these , '' he stammered , thrusting the flowers into my arms . 
 his parents stood about fifteen feet away , allowing him to deliver his gift alone . 
 i took the roses and smelled them as he shifted a cursory look at lucas . 
 `` thank you , harrison . 
 these are beautiful . 
 you made me so proud tonight-your vibrato was awesome . '' 
 he grinned and tried not to , which gave him a sort of manic appearance . 
 `` it 's all 'cause of you , though . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you did the work , and put in the practice . '' 
 he shifted from one foot to the other . 
 `` you sounded great , man . 
 i wish i could play an instrument , '' lucas said . 
 harrison eyed him . 
 `` thanks , '' he mumbled , frowning . 
 even though my student was taller than me , he was lanky next to lucas 's filled-out frame . 
 `` did that hurt ? 
 on your lip ? '' 
 lucas shrugged . 
 `` not too much . 
 i said a few choice four-letter words , though . '' 
 harrison smiled . 
 `` cool . '' 
 *** as we lay in the semi-dark hours later , we faced each other , sharing his pillow . 
 i took a deep breath and prayed i was n't about to drive lucas away again . 
 i 'd never felt more connected to anyone . 
 `` what 'd you think of harrison ? '' 
 he studied me closely . 
 `` he seems like a good kid . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he is . '' 
 i trailed my fingers along the side of his face , and he pulled me closer . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` are you leaving me for harrison , jacqueline ? '' 
 watching his eyes , i asked , `` if harrison had been in that parking lot that night , instead of you , do you think he 'd have wanted to help me ? '' 
 his eyes locked to mine . 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` if someone had told him to watch out for me , do you think they would ever , ever blame him , if he 'd not been able to stop what would have happened that night ? '' 
 he exhaled harshly . 
 `` i know what you 're trying to say - '' `` no , lucas . 
 you 're hearing it , but you do n't know it . 
 there 's no way your father actually expected that of you . 
 there 's no way he even remembers saying that to you . 
 he blames himself , and you blame yourself , but neither of you is to blame . '' 
 his eyes filled and he swallowed heavily , his grip on me hard . 
 `` i 'll never forget how she sounded that night . '' 
 his voice was choked with tears . 
 `` how can i not blame myself ? '' 
 my tears spilled over onto the pillow between us . 
 `` lucas , think about harrison . 
 see yourself for the boy you were , and quit blaming him for not stopping something a grown man might have been unable to stop . 
 what have you told me , over and over ? 
 it was n't your fault . 
 you need to talk to someone , and figure out how to forgive yourself for responsibility your mother never would have wanted you to accept . 
 will you try ? 
 please ? '' 
 he brushed my tears from my face . 
 `` how did i find you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` maybe i 'm exactly where i should be after all . '' 
 epilogue `` i 'm going to miss you so much . 
 i ca n't believe you 're leaving me . '' 
 erin plopped next to me on the heller 's sofa . 
 lucas 's graduation party was a backyard cookout , and we were escaping the heat and humidity for a few precious , air-conditioned minutes . 
 i leaned my head on her tan shoulder . 
 `` why do n't you go with me ? '' 
 she laughed and leaned her head on top of mine . 
 `` that 's as silly of an idea as you staying here . 
 you have to go do your great things , and i have to stay here and do mine . 
 that does n't mean it does n't suck , though . '' 
 i 'd applied to three music conservatories for transfer in the fall . 
 none of it felt real until after the audition that i nailed at oberlin-my top choice-and the email i received a couple of weeks ago , notifying me that i 'd been accepted . 
 `` yeah , i guess you need to stay here and keep an eye on chaz , too . '' 
 erin 's opposition to chaz 's breakup-reversal efforts ended on valentine 's day , when he 'd shown up with reservations for `` their '' bandb , after having flowers delivered every day for two weeks , turning our dorm room into a hothouse . 
 with erin 's help , chaz had weathered his ex-best friend 's impending rape trial-and the associated rumors and innuendoes . 
 buck 's recent pre-trial plea bargain for a lesser assault charge was a relief to everyone , though he probably would n't serve half of his two-year sentence . 
 through the open french doors , we watched our boyfriends talking in the back yard . 
 they 'd never be best friends , but they got along well , as opposite as they appeared . 
 lucas had been so sure , when he 'd encouraged me to apply for transfer into music performance programs , that we would be fine . 
 he was still sure , and i believed him , but that did n't mean i wanted a two-year long-distance relationship . 
 dead-set against me making an academic decision based on his plans , he would n't accept me staying , and he would n't tell me where he 'd applied or interviewed for jobs . 
 `` i wo n't ask you to give up what you want for me , jacqueline . '' 
 `` but i want you , '' i 'd mumbled , knowing he was right ; i had no logical defense . 
 in some ways , he was his father 's son . 
 ray maxfield had become one of my favorite people . 
 lucas had taken me home over spring break , and i 'd never seen him more nervous . 
 for some reason , though , his father and i hit it off . 
 i could see lucas 's tutor persona in him-his dry sense of humor and intelligence . 
 the night before we left , ray rummaged through the beach house attic and brought down a trio of framed watercolors of a small boy playing on the seashore . 
 rosemary had signed the paintings of her only child in the corners of each-rosemary lucas maxfield . 
 we 'd hung them in lucas 's bedroom , over his desk . 
 even stranger , ray was sitting outside with charles and cindy . 
 he 'd taken a break from the fishing boat for his son 's graduation-his first since he 'd left alexandria . 
 *** `` i accepted a job on friday . '' 
 this was it . 
 after applying for dozens of jobs during his final semester , lucas had several interviews , and a few second interviews . 
 a week ago , i 'd overheard charles telling cindy that he 'd gotten a solid offer from an engineering firm in town . 
 i 'd been waiting for him to tell me . 
 when i left for oberlin in august , we would be twelve hundred miles apart . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i avoided looking at him , afraid i would burst into tears . 
 stuffing the leftovers cindy sent with us into his fridge , i made no further comment , and he leaned against the kitchen counter , watching me . 
 finally , everything was stored away , and i could n't delay the inevitable any further . 
 at the look on my face , he caught my hand . 
 `` c'mere . '' 
 as he led me to the sofa , i blinked back tears and gave myself a stern lecture that mostly consisted of stop crying stop crying stop crying . 
 leaning into the corner , he pulled me into his arms . 
 i halfway listened as he relayed the technical aspects of the job , the size of the company , the impressive pay , and the start date-the second week in july . 
 mostly i was wondering how often i would have the time to fly home . 
 free weekends were almost unheard of as a music student . 
 mandatory recitals and performances to perform or attend were unremitting . 
 `` so my only question is this-do i want to live in oberlin and commute to cleveland , or live near cleveland and commute to you ? '' 
 his head propped on one bent arm , he gazed at me , waiting . 
 i blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he smiled innocently . 
 `` oh-didn ' t i tell you that part ? 
 the company 's located in cleveland . '' 
 `` cleveland , ohio ? 
 you accepted a job in cleveland , ohio ? '' 
 cleveland was just over half an hour away from the college . 
 `` i did . '' 
 my eyes filled with tears . 
 `` but , why ? '' 
 arching a brow , he brought his free arm down and hooked my hair behind my ear . 
 `` you heard the pay , right ? 
 and also , to be near you . '' 
 thumbing a tear from my cheek , he added , `` mostly , to be near you . '' 
 i considered everything i 'd learned from following kennedy , everything lucas had sworn he 'd never ask of me . 
 `` but all that stuff you said about me not giving up what i want to be or what i want to do to be with you-doesn ' t that apply to you , too ? '' 
 he cupped my face in his palm and stared into my eyes , sighing . 
 `` first , this is a great job , and i 'm excited about it . '' 
 when he tugged me closer and kissed me , i leaned across his chest , one hand slipping under his t-shirt . 
 i forgot that he had n't finished his explanation until he whispered into my mouth , `` second , i 'm ambitious , but i can succeed almost anywhere . '' 
 standing , he continued kissing me as he carried me into his room . 
 when he let me slide from his arms to the floor , i yanked my tank top off , scooting into the center of the bed and watching him pull his t-shirt over his head . 
 i could put him on replay doing that and watch it all day ... if i did n't know what was coming next . 
 crawling up from the foot of the bed , he lay over me slowly , dragging both of my arms above my head , gently , as he had the very first time he sketched me . 
 with one hand , he crossed and secured my wrists . 
 he 'd taught me every possible way to escape this hold , but there was no way i wanted to get away . 
 he was in a slow-motion mood-one of my favorites , though it meant i 'd be driven crazy before we were done . 
 i chewed the edge of my lip in anticipation . 
 he stared down at me , and i examined his beautiful eyes up close , something i 'd never tire of doing . 
 `` what i ca n't do anywhere is be with you . '' 
 leaning closer , he ran his tongue over my lips and his fingertips over my skin until i arched up and captured his mouth with mine . 
 he released my wrists , and i wrapped my arms around his neck , feeling our hearts beat in sync as lips followed a meandering path from my ear down . 
 `` choosing to be with you is n't a difficult decision , jacqueline , '' he breathed , pulling back one final time to stare into my eyes . 
 `` it 's easy . 
 incredibly easy . '' 
