 chapter 1 jackson wolfe 's body radiated heat . 
 his sweat was staining the sheets of his bed . 
 he thrashed around in his bed violently . 
 once again , this would be a restless night for him . 
 not again , he thought . 
 not the dream again ... *** sergeant dearden looked over at wolfe as he drove . 
 `` nice day for a drive , is n't it , sir ? '' 
 captain wolfe did n't answer him . 
 dearden cocked his head . 
 `` hey , six , is this thing on ? '' 
 he asked , tapping the microphone on his headset . 
 `` i 'm talking to you . 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 wolfe smiled briefly . 
 wolf six was his call-sign on the radio , and as the leader of wolf squad , it was important that he maintain communication , even when he did n't feel like it . 
 `` your mic is fine , sarge . 
 it 's always a nice day when you 're in the army . '' 
 `` damn straight , '' dearden said , turning back to the road . 
 `` but , seriously , what 's bothering you ? 
 i know you ai n't got a girl back home , so it ca n't have been a ` dear john ' letter . '' 
 wolfe looked at the desolate landscape afghanistan was a harsh place to live , but he had become quite familiar with it over the last few months . 
 `` the intel that we got today . 
 got it from an unreliable source . 
 ca n't say why , but i expect trouble . 
 i want you to be on your guard today . '' 
 dearden chuckled . 
 `` you know me , cap'n . 
 i 'd never let anything happen to you or the other men . 
 still , i 'll let them know not to slack off today . '' 
 wolfe smiled as he looked back out the window . 
 he heard dearden 's voice go out on the radio , letting the men know in code to be extra watchful today . 
 as they rolled up to the village of mud huts , wolfe opened the door to the huge army vehicle that he was riding in . 
 as he jumped out , though , he felt himself falling , falling , falling ... *** falling all the way to the floor . 
 jackson screamed as he hit the ground , scrabbling for a place to find cover . 
 when he realized he was in his room , safe in the united states , he screamed again . 
 at least the dream did n't make it to its conclusion this time , but he knew in his heart that he 'd never be able to leave those memories behind . 
 he could see clearly , even in the dark , and he looked at his hands to make sure . 
 still human , he thought . 
 this time . 
 as he felt his heart practically beat out of his chest , he looked at the clock . 
 0230 . 
 he 'd never make it back to sleep , and if he did , he 'd just dream the dream again . 
 he booted his laptop , the same one from that fateful tour . 
 he spent the rest of the night looking at pictures . 
 there were pictures of camel spiders , of fields of opium , of beautiful sunsets . 
 he might as well have deleted all of those , because he never looked at those anymore . 
 he just looked at pictures of those nine brave men who lost their lives under his command . 
 chapter 2 `` check fort baskerville . '' 
 the words had run in her ears the entire day , making it hard to concentrate on her work . 
 fort baskerville . 
 she had to find him and now , after six months of searching , she finally had a clue . 
 chloe madison walked into her small apartment and dumped her backpack unceremoniously on the floor by the door , dropping her winter coat on top of it . 
 her shoes were off in a second and she stretched her arms up over head , groaning with feeling the freedom of being home . 
 as a graduate student of the prestigious hudson university genetics program , being home with her shoes off was a luxury . 
 she rolled her head from side to side , relaxing the tense muscles and letting her shoulders drop from their permanent position up around her ears . 
 chloe walked over to the refrigerator and opened up the heavy white door . 
 there was a bowl of soup from the night before , a ridiculous amount of condiments and salad dressing , and what was left of half a gallon of milk . 
 she closed the door and opened the pantry to find the selection there was n't much better . 
 between her graduate studies and the investigation that she had started , she had n't had much of a social life . 
 she had n't had much in the way of healthy eating , either . 
 with a sigh , she rummaged through the junk drawer to search for a pen and paper to start a grocery list . 
 the pen of course did n't work , so she chucked it in the trash , noting that she really should take the waste bin out . 
 what a friday night i have planned ! 
 she thought to herself . 
 trash and grocery shopping . 
 who knew grad school was going to be so much fun ? 
 she stepped on the foot pedal to open the trash can lid , reaching inside and wrenching out the bag . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was put her shoes back on and go back out into the late january weather , so instead she just set the trash bag on the porch to pick up and take out when she went out for the groceries . 
 she immediately went and put a fresh bag into the trash can , thinking of what she was going to have for dinner . 
 pizza . 
 the idea came to her quickly and she grinned . 
 much better than grocery shopping . 
 the healthy eating could wait until she had enough time to breathe . 
 she only had a little bit of reading since she had managed to stay on top of it for the week . 
 she grinned , thinking of the delicious toppings she would get . 
 maybe she would even splurge and get the cinnamon bread . 
 chloe reached for the phone in her backpack to order from her favorite restaurant before remembering she had forgotten it in the charger that morning . 
 since she technically was n't supposed to have it on in the lab or classes anyway , so she had n't been too worried about it . 
 she hurried to the bedroom , finding the little green light blinking with another missed call . 
 the missed call was her mother 's number . 
 she did n't even have to listen to the message to know what she wanted . 
 when are you coming home again ? 
 claire could almost hear her mother 's worried tone in her head . 
 she rolled her eyes and smiled as her mother 's voice spilled into her ear , using the exact wording that chloe had expected . 
 chloe hit delete knowing she would have to add a call to her mom to the night 's plans . 
 then there was the saved message , one that she had heard that morning before she had headed out the door . 
 she had saved it because she wanted to make sure she had n't misheard it , but as she played it again , she knew there was no mistaking what it said . 
 `` check fort baskerville . '' 
 it was barely a whisper , but the words were clear . 
 chloe stared at the phone in her hand , trying to make sense of the whispered message . 
 she knew it was n't a wrong number . 
 it was a hint about her brother . 
 with a shaking hand she hit delete , unwilling to take the chance of the wrong person finding it on her phone . 
 weak in the knees , she sat down on the bed . 
 a picture of her and her brother sat on the nightstand , the two of them forever captured in a happy summer squirt-gun fight . 
 her brother 's green eyes twinkled out from the photo , forcing her to remember . 
 blake was ten months younger than chloe , almost to the day . 
 irish twins , her mother had called them . 
 `` you two should have been twins . 
 you just got here first , '' her mother used to say with a wink . 
 blake had been small and shy as a child , and chloe had spent many recesses and summers protecting him from bullies and bigger kids . 
 despite the sudden growth spurt and muscle development in high school , chloe still felt protective of her younger brother . 
 blake had joined the army almost immediately after graduating high school . 
 after being the one who had been picked on for so long , he said it was his duty to give back and help protect others . 
 chloe and her mother had tried to dissuade him , but he had been determined . 
 that was three years and a year-long tour-of-duty ago . 
 his first deployment to iraq had been difficult for chloe . 
 she still felt the need to protect her younger brother , but that was difficult to do from a thousand miles away . 
 she had been grateful that he had emailed every day when he could , and when he could n't he would let her know not to worry . 
 she had all of his emails stored in a file on her computer and every letter in a box in a drawer on her nightstand . 
 she did n't need to take the letters out of the box to remember what they said . 
 they were usually some funny story about his squad mates or something he had seen in the market . 
 it was never anything terribly important but she had memorized every single one since he stopped writing . 
 even when he was stateside , blake made sure to talk to chloe almost daily . 
 it was a part of their routine . 
 then six months ago the letters stopped . 
 at first , she had n't been too worried . 
 he was supposed to be stateside at a base in virginia . 
 nothing bad could have happened to him stateside , and if something had , her mom would have received notification . 
 so , at first it just seemed weird . 
 then his cell phone number was disconnected . 
 not just transferred or unpaid . 
 completely turned off . 
 it was at that point that chloe had really started to be concerned . 
 it was completely out of character for her younger brother to shut her out . 
 even when he was at his most angry , he would still at least text . 
 she started calling army bases around where he was last stationed , talking to his old squad mates or anyone he had served with trying to find some answers . 
 no one seemed to know where he had gone . 
 no word for three weeks had her to panic mode . 
 her mother had told her not to worry ; blake was in the military and things like this happen . 
 chloe did n't accept that . 
 blake would n't have left without at least a note . 
 she called everyone she could think of again . 
 the base in virginia had no record of him ever leaving , but his bunk had been occupied by another soldier for weeks . 
 every former army buddy she could find had n't heard from him , and a few even seemed skittish about her asking . 
 she finally had called up delly , his best friend from the tour in iraq , asking him if he had heard anything . 
 `` i have n't heard from him , okay ? '' 
 the man had growled into the phone . 
 `` you really need to just drop it . 
 he 'll start writing again when he can . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` when he can ? ' '' 
 she had asked , trying to coax as much information out of him as she could . 
 `` listen , chloe , when someone goes dark like this , it 's best not to mess with it , do you understand ? 
 if he ca n't be found then there is probably a good reason for you not to go poking your nose in places it does n't belong . '' 
 he refused to say any more after that . 
 the day after that phone call a letter had arrived . 
 that one was in the very front of the box of letters . 
 dear chloe , i heard you were looking for me . 
 i 'm not really supposed to be sending any letters right now , but i need you to stop looking . 
 i 'm on a mission and i ca n't write you , so this is the best i can do . 
 know that i keep that picture of you and scout on that camping trip with me always . 
 let mom know not to worry . 
 love , blake she knew he was in trouble the moment she opened it . 
 scout was their `` duress code '' . 
 when they were kids , if blake was in trouble but did n't want mom to know , he would ask her to please feed their dog , scout . 
 since that was already one of her chores , it had been the perfect cover . 
 to see scout 's name mentioned in the letter told her that something was terribly wrong . 
 she stopped calling the base and actually went there . 
 the members of his unit pretended that he had just been shipped off to a different platoon , but every one of them seemed edgy and unwilling to talk . 
 someone mentioned afghanistan and the others nodded , everyone jumping on the lie as though numbers would make it true . 
 she had gone back to her motel room disappointed . 
 she had been packing her bags to leave when one of the men from his unit showed up at her motel door . 
 she remembered him saying his name was roberts . 
 he was wearing a ball cap and had the collar of his jacket turned up . 
 he nearly bowled her over to get inside when she opened the door , but then he hid behind it and out of sight of the windows as though he were afraid that someone might see him . 
 `` i do n't know much about it , but if it were my brother , i 'd be looking too . 
 they gave us all this genetic test . 
 it was just a swab on the inside of our cheek . 
 we all had it done , but he was the only one they came back for , '' he had said , his voice low and quiet . 
 `` what was the test for ? '' 
 roberts shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i do know they were super excited when he agreed to help them . 
 the men in the unit were all junior officers or senior enlisted , but something about that did n't seem right to me . 
 i got the feeling we were talking to a bunch of majors and colonels . '' 
 `` i really appreciate you telling me this . 
 do you have any idea where i should start looking ? '' 
 she bit her lip , hoping he had some idea to get her started . 
 the man glanced out the window and pulled his ball cap lower . 
 `` you need to know that madison would have done anything if he thought it would help this country . 
 he 's a good soldier . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 that 's just how he is . 
 loyal to almost a fault . 
 do you have any ideas ? '' 
 he suddenly looked very nervous . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 he glanced out the window again , a sheen of sweat breaking out across his face . 
 her shoulders sunk slightly as she opened the door to let him out . 
 he paused for a moment and then turned , wrapping his arms around her as though he were giving her a hug , despite only knowing her a couple of minutes . 
 `` the lycan project , '' he whispered in her ear , letting her go and stepping out into the parking lot as quickly as he could . 
 she stared out after him , playing with the words in her head , but they did n't make any sense . 
 she shook her head and went back to packing , trying to figure out the puzzle . 
 four months later , sitting on her bed and looking at a picture of her brother , she still did n't know what `` the lycan project '' meant , but she knew it was important . 
 two days after meeting with her , she had heard that a young sergeant roberts had been hit by a car . 
 the driver had n't stopped and witnesses said it looked as though the driver had actually sped up to hit him . 
 the whole thing made her feel sick to her stomach . 
 chloe flipped the phone over in her hands , playing with the hard plastic for a moment before getting up and grabbing her laptop . 
 as it booted she ordered a single cheese pizza with mushrooms and olives . 
 she opened up an internet browser as she completed her order with the pizza company and began looking up information on fort baskerville . 
 chapter 3 captain jackson wolfe sat gingerly down on the ancient office chair , afraid that it might collapse under his weight at any moment . 
 it was n't that he was particularly heavy . 
 he was actually in the best physical shape of his life , but the chair was so ancient that it looked like it might disintegrate if the sun hit it too hard . 
 luckily , the chair held . 
 it was actually more comfortable than he had expected and it had lasted him the entire week without falling apart . 
 he leaned back tentatively , listening for a squeak of hinges that would foretell his doom , but the chair held . 
 he let out a slow sigh , glancing around at the small room . 
 the `` office '' in the records building of fort baskerville the army was giving him to work out of was n't much better than a glorified broom closet . 
 there was the ancient chair with an equally old wooden desk , an army cot that looked like it had been made in the 1970 's , and piles of brown boxes full of paperwork for him to work on . 
 there was only a tiny vent of a window letting in the last of the fading light from the sunset . 
 it was n't much , but at least he did n't have to share it . 
 being in close proximity to another human being was something that he wanted to avoid as much as possible at the moment . 
 jackson rolled his shoulders , trying to straighten out the hunch in his back from leaning over old files for hours at a time . 
 as a psychological operations interrogator , files were a part of his job , and despite the fact that they were boring , for once he was actually glad to have them . 
 he had requested to be sent somewhere stateside and out of the action while they evaluated his case . 
 his eyes glazed over as he thought of the reasons he was here . 
 the fire had burned the bodies , but there were still questions . 
 his superiors sent him to fort baskerville to go through files while they cleared him for duty . 
 he hoped he could just stay with the files . 
 they gave him a job without having to be around humans . 
 around people he could hurt . 
 the fading light shone across a single picture frame sitting on the edge of his desk . 
 it was all he had unpacked since arriving , leaving the rest of his box of personal affects in a corner under as many boxes as he could pile on top of it . 
 the one picture was enough . 
 it was why he was here . 
 wolf squad . 
 the men in his unit had been the only family he had since his own parents had died . 
 nine men that had trusted their lives to him . 
 two and a half tours in afghanistan together . 
 they had teased him that being `` wolf six , '' captain of wolf squad , was simply fate for the handsome captain wolfe . 
 several of them had even gotten tattoos of a wolf 's head onto their chests . 
 the men had loved him and trusted him with their lives . 
 captain wolfe 's intel was never wrong . 
 they used to say that jackson was a walking , talking polygraph machine , that he could smell a lie a mile away . 
 his brain shied away from the memory like it was still made of fire . 
 it was his uncanny ability to be able to detect the truth that had destroyed them all . 
 they were gone now . 
 they were gone and he was here , having to face exactly what their loss had done to him . 
 had made him . 
 things were different now and he had no idea how he was going to survive . 
 chapter 4 jackson 's head rested on his arm like a pillow , his face twitching as he fell into the nightmare that always seemed to come as soon as he closed his eyes . 
 he had his hand fell to his side , sending the papers on the desk into a gentle shower to the floor . 
 *** a high pitched whine of empty sound hummed in jackson 's ear . 
 he watched a bullet whiz by overhead , but all he heard was the ringing of his own head . 
 everything was made of smoke and sand , and it took him a moment to put himself together . 
 he shook his head , dazed as he struggled from the ground . 
 the sheikh 's house was gone . 
 the rocket propelled grenade had done its work . 
 sergeant dearden twitched beside him , and sound came roaring back . 
 a bullet pinged against what was left of a wall and he felt a strange twinge in his shoulder . 
 jackson grabbed dearden 's flak-jacket , dragging him behind the thin safety of the wall . 
 a man came screaming toward them , an old rifle in his hand . 
 wolfe barely had time to raise his rifle before dearden shot him . 
 the man crumpled to the ground . 
 `` getting slow , wolfe , '' dearden joked . 
 jackson 's mouth twitched up . 
 he had to get what was left of his squad out of here . 
 `` uh , cap'n ... i think you 're bleeding . '' 
 jackson looked down to see blood seeping through the gray uniform on his shoulder like a red flower . 
 pain blossomed as he realized that had been shot . 
 he turned to look back at dearden just in time to see a bullet crash through the sergeant 's face . 
 red streaks filled his vision . 
 his breath came in small pants and the hair on the back of his neck stood up straight . 
 rage pumped through his veins , coursing like gasoline and burning through every inch of his being . 
 his body slumped to the ground as the intensity of the pain stole his breath . 
 he twisted and writhed in the sand , smearing blood with dirt and rock . 
 he started to howl . 
 *** with a roar , jackson bolted upright and brought his fists down on the desk . 
 his eyes glowed with a fire from the past and the ancient desk split in two . 
 splinters of wood littered his office . 
 panting , struggling to maintain his form and regain control , he sat back in the rickety chair , not even bothering to baby the thing . 
 it stood up to the abuse , letting him slowly recover his senses . 
 probably afraid it 's going to end up like the desk , he thought , trying to put some humor into his dark mood . 
 he was just glad that no one had been around . 
 what if he had been sleeping next to someone ? 
 he could only imagine the disorder his little outburst would have caused if he had been sleeping in the barracks with other soldiers . 
 he could have killed someone . 
 with a shaky hand , he wiped the sweat from his brow , rising to his feet to inspect the damage . 
 he did n't need to turn on the light . 
 his eyes were as good in the dark as they were in the light . 
 to him , the room was as clear as if it were noon , though he knew he should n't be able to see his hand in front of his face . 
 just one more thing that was taking some getting used to . 
 the desk was halved completely into two big pieces and a lot of little pieces . 
 papers scattered across the floor . 
 he gingerly picked up the photograph that had set on the desk , glad to see it was n't broken in the fall . 
 the picture remained the same . 
 ten sets of eyes staring out at him , smiles on their trusting faces . 
 he set the picture up on some boxes where it would be safe . 
 the men watched over him from their perch as he bent to pick up the scattered papers and files . 
 it only took a minute to stack the files into one giant pile . 
 he 'd have to go through it tomorrow and duplicate some of the work , but at least it would give him something to do . 
 he was incredibly grateful that the little room was far enough away from the main base that the noise of the cracking table had n't alerted the guards to come investigate . 
 the desk was ruined . 
 he was n't quite sure how he was going to explain how it had split in two , but with its rickety age , he hoped they would believe that he had simply fallen on it . 
 he could n't see any indentations from his hands , so at least the story would seem plausible . 
 he rubbed his forehead with his hand , feeling the frustration at his condition welling up again . 
 he wished there was someone he could talk to . 
 someone who could explain what was happening to him and teach him how to live a normal life without worrying about breaking tables in the middle of the night . 
 jackson took a deep breath and unlocked the door to his office . 
 he wanted some air . 
 a walk outside along the perimeter of the base was just what he needed . 
 the cold winter air was sure to clear his head . 
 he did n't bother to pick up his jacket ; since the transformations had begun , he had found that he did n't get cold . 
 a hot-blooded monster ... he shook his head to clear the thought . 
 that was n't what he needed to focus on right now . 
 he needed to let the monster inside of him settle from the nightmare and then he could either go back to work or risk sleep again . 
 at least i ca n't make the desk worse ... chapter 5 jackson stepped out into the hallway , pausing for a moment to let his eyes adjust to the dim hallway light after the dark of his office . 
 he looked left then right , trying to decide what direction to take . 
 toward the records room or toward the vending machine . 
 the vending machine sounded like a better idea . 
 he took a deep breath and took exactly one step in the vending machine 's direction before freezing in his tracks . 
 a scent hung in the air that made something primal in the pit of his stomach tighten and ache with joy . 
 the hair on the base of his skull tingled and his eyes lit up with a golden fire . 
 he could barely detect it , even with his enhanced senses , but what he could smell was something that sent shivers of pleasure down his spine . 
 he gave a smooth about-face , sucking air into his nose to try and fill himself with the scent . 
 it was flowers and sunshine with just a touch of something that made him start to ache with want . 
 his feet carried him forward , his nose pulling in the scent like a rope as he worked down the hallway toward the records room . 
 the door to the room was ajar , letting out a thin sliver of yellow light onto the dark hallway floor . 
 he whined softly with anticipation as the scent grew stronger the closer he came to the golden light . 
 moving softly , he crept up to the door , peeking through the thin slit to peer inside . 
 a girl in mint green scrubs and a blue winter jacket sat kneeling on the floor . 
 her light brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail that trailed down her back in soft tendrils . 
 it took all his willpower not to reach out and touch it to feel its silky softness and bury his face in her scent . 
 her back stiffened and she turned slowly to look at the door . 
 her eyes were a light green and her lips were full and perfect . 
 she bit the bottom one gently , and she reached up to brush a strand of hair from her eyes . 
 `` is someone there ? '' 
 her voice was sweet and jackson was convinced that she was part angel . 
 there was no way a voice as divine as hers could exist on earth . 
 he could smell her apprehension , the crinkle of her brow starting to deepen as she peered out into the dark hallway . 
 he looked down at his watch to see it was close to midnight . 
 there was no way she was supposed to be here . 
 he pushed the door open , letting her see him before asking , `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 she smiled and jackson was sure he had died and gone to heaven . 
 objectively , he thought she was average looking , but she was stunningly beautiful when she smiled . 
 his heart sped up to a million beats per minute as she rose to her knees and then stood gracefully from the floor . 
 there were grass stains on her knees . 
 `` i was just told to come get some files . 
 i 'm almost done . '' 
 she gave him another smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i bothered you . '' 
 `` no , i just saw the light . '' 
 he thought desperately for a reason to make her stay and talk to him . 
 so he said the first thing that popped in his head . 
 `` who are you getting the files for ? '' 
 her eyes went a wide for a second and he immediately regretted the question . 
 his interrogator skills has snuck up on him and he was evaluating her without meaning to . 
 he had trained for so long at asking questions and getting people to answer them , that he had forgotten that not everyone was hiding something . 
 she was just doing her job and here he was , blocking the door and making her nervous . 
 `` dr. vincetti . 
 listen , my boss was supposed to pick these up for the doctor this afternoon , but he forgot , so i 'm getting them . 
 i really am on my way out the door . '' 
 she closed the filing cabinet , holding several manila envelopes to her chest . 
 he wanted to believe her . 
 he really , really did , but the years of training would n't relent . 
 despite her delicious scent , she was hiding something . 
 he crossed his arms , doing his best to look commanding but not intimidating . 
 `` i would believe you , except for one thing . 
 all of dr. vincetti 's medical files are now electronic , '' he said . 
 he should know , he had gone through a chunk of them looking for any cases similar to his own . 
 she smiled smoothly , her body language giving off nothing but calm , but he could hear her heart pounding like mad in her chest . 
 a small trickle of fear leaked out of her , but she was managing to hold most of it in . 
 he had to give her props . 
 if he did n't have heightened senses , he would never have been able to spot the lie . 
 `` i did n't say he wanted medical files . '' 
 she held up the manila envelopes . 
 `` this is for his medical grant . 
 he needed more background information . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' he said softly . 
 it was hard to concentrate with her scent filling up the small storage space . 
 if she only knew the effect she was having on him , she could have smiled and walked right past him . 
 he would have even carried the files if she asked . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 my boss told me i would n't have any trouble getting these for him , '' she lied smoothly , her eyes darting to the door as she tucked the files into an over the shoulder bag on the top of the filing cabinet . 
 she slid the strap smoothly over her pretty head , still managing to keep her bodily language calm . 
 he was surprised he could n't see her heart beating through the material of her scrubs , it was hammering so hard . 
 `` i think i 'll need to call security . '' 
 the words did n't even sound like they were coming from his own mouth . 
 he did n't want to get her in trouble . 
 he would do anything to get her out of trouble . 
 he wished he could just clap a hand over his mouth to keep himself from talking . 
 this was n't going at all how he wanted . 
 `` that really is n't necessary , '' she started , edging her way along the wall and closer to the door . 
 he did n't move , his eyes following her tiniest of movements . 
 she was so beautiful to him it was almost painful . 
 an alarm began to blare , filling the air with a shrieking high-pitched scream that made him instinctively place his hands over his ears and cringe . 
 his heightened hearing made the obnoxious sound even worse . 
 the girl 's eyes went wide for a second as she saw her chance and she took it , darting past him and out into the hallway . 
 he watched her run down the hallway and out of the building , keeping his hands on his ears but his feet in one place . 
 her scent trailed behind her out into the night and he breathed it in , closing his eyes . 
 he did n't know who she was or why she was stealing the files . 
 he was n't even really sure if the alarm was even meant for her or if it was just bad timing . 
 all he knew is that he had to find her again . 
 he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply , letting the warmth and sweetness of her scent envelope him . 
 chapter 6 chloe was breathless and shaking as she slid across the tattered red vinyl seat into her favorite booth . 
 the 24-hour diner was quiet with only a single other customer at the counter eating some pie . 
 it was the perfect place for her to look at the file and still be in public . 
 something told her not to go home just yet , so she listened to the little voice inside her head . 
 it was usually right about stuff like this . 
 she peered across the room at the dark window , but the sidewalk outside was empty . 
 a cold wind blew a breath of snow skittering across the street , but no one appeared . 
 she shook her head , telling herself she was being paranoid . 
 no one knew about the hole in the fence . 
 no one but the one handsome soldier had seen her , and he would n't have followed her here . 
 it surprised her that she half wished he had ; the way his eyes had almost glowed gold in the dark , the way they had followed her , the strength of his arms under the uniform ... `` you 're just high on adrenaline , '' she whispered to herself . 
 he probably was n't half as handsome as she seemed to be remembering him . 
 uniforms usually turned her off , but for some reason , his made her stomach tighten and ache for release . 
 she shook her head . 
 it was just the adrenaline . 
 she had work to do . 
 a tired waitress with her gray hair pulled back into a messy bun poured her a cup of coffee , leaving a small cup full of individual creamers on the table . 
 chloe waited anxiously until she left , clutching the manila envelope through the shoulder bag under the table . 
 this particular booth butted up against the back two walls . 
 she liked it because no one could read over her shoulder and most people did n't even realize it was there . 
 she studied here when she had a big exam . 
 the coffee was always fresh and the pie was amazing . 
 it was her favorite secret study spot . 
 but tonight , she was n't here to study regulatory rna regulation or mechanisms of gene expression . 
 no , tonight she was here to learn how to find her brother . 
 she checked one last time to make sure the waitress was behind the counter talking to the man eating pie before carefully laying a file out on the table . 
 with shaking hands , she opened the file with madison , b labeled neatly on the front . 
 it was a medical file of some sort . 
 she scanned through the intake form , skipping over the answers she already knew . 
 of course her brother was six feet one inch , weight 173 pounds , his eyes were green -lrb- like hers -rrb- , brown hair , a tattoo of a wolf on his left shoulder -lrb- she still could n't believe he had gotten that after their high school mascot -rrb- , and blood type a negative . 
 the next page was a genetic screen with all the normal genetic markers that went with it except for one . 
 it was a small footnote at the end of the genetic document marking that he had tested positive for the lycan gene . 
 chloe frowned and read it again . 
 she was in her second semester of doctoral program for human genetics and she had never heard of the `` lycan gene . '' 
 she sat back against the seat , hearing it squeak slightly as she frowned in thought . 
 sergeant roberts had whispered something about the `` lycan project . '' 
 the fact that the two were the same made the hair on the back of her neck stand up . 
 she gave a shiver and closed the file . 
 pulling her phone from her coat pocket , she opened an email to her doctoral adviser . 
 if anyone would know what the lycan gene was , it would be dr. quentin turner . 
 she sent him a quick message to see if he would meet her at one of the school library study rooms in the morning . 
 the phone chimed a reply before she even set her phone down . 
 her eyebrows raised , but she figured he must just be at the lab working on his latest experiments . 
 the message was just a calendar invite for ten a.m. in study room three . 
 chloe smiled , enjoying the simplicity of the rather eccentric dr. turner . 
 she hit accept and put her phone back in her pocket . 
 she read the file twice more , but nothing new popped out at her . 
 she sipped at her coffee , realizing she had already had half of it and without any cream . 
 `` i must be more tired than i thought , '' she murmured to herself as she poured two servings of creamer and a sugar into the coffee cup . 
 she usually hated the taste of plain , black coffee , but for some reason she had n't even noticed it . 
 she wondered if the soldier from the records room liked his coffee black . 
 captain . 
 he had two parallel bars on his uniform . 
 she closed her eyes for a moment , trying to remember what his name tape had said . 
 blake had taught her to look at ranks and insignias when he had come home from basic . 
 wolfe . 
 the soldier 's name was captain wolfe . 
 chloe opened her eyes and frowned at the coffee cup in her hands . 
 she had no idea why she felt she needed to know the captain 's name . 
 he had just been some random soldier who had happened to catch her on the base . 
 she would never see him again . 
 that thought made her sad . 
 for some strange reason , she wanted to see those golden eyes again . 
 chapter 7 the reports on the newly replaced desk in front of captain wolfe blurred yet again . 
 jackson was glad that the new desk was of stainless steel this time ; his chances of breaking it accidentally were much lower . 
 he had managed to reorganize most of the files from the night before , but now that he was trying to read them and concentrate , he felt his mind drifting . 
 all he could think of was the dreams of her . 
 for once the nightmares of his transformation in afghanistan had been held at bay ; instead he had dreamed of her . 
 the curl of her hair against her neck . 
 the perfect smattering of freckles across her cheeks . 
 her scent floated around in his memory like a welcome ghost , making him smile unconsciously as he remembered it . 
 his whole life , jackson had an enriched sense of smell . 
 as a teenager , he had been surprised to learn that not everyone could smell the things he did . 
 it was something that he utilized in his interrogations . 
 he could smell fear . 
 the trickle of bitter sweat that came with a lie . 
 it was part of what made him such an effective interrogator . 
 in his whole life , he had never smelled anything as wonderful as her . 
 it was almost like a drug . 
 he shook his head , trying to clear it . 
 jackson was beginning to think he was going even crazier than he already was . 
 no one was supposed to smell that good . 
 no one had ever made his body tighten quite like that . 
 he was putty in her hands and he knew it . 
 there were so many strange things in this new world of his , and this was just one more odd thing to add to the list . 
 the fact that she was having this strong of an effect on him was proof enough that he was changing and should n't be out among people . 
 who knew what he would do if he smelled that on someone else ? 
 `` captain wolfe ! '' 
 the door to his office slammed into the wall with a metallic thud that hurt his ears as the base commander stormed into the tiny space . 
 jackson barely managed to keep the snarl from his face . 
 he had disliked colonel bronn from the moment they had met . 
 wolfe rose to standing as the man barreled into his office . 
 part of him wanted to growl at the breach of his territory , but the colonel outranked him and had every right to barge into the office as if it were his own . 
 colonel conrad bronn was an intimidating man . 
 despite the fact that jackson was a good three inches taller , the colonel still seemed to look down at him . 
 everything about the colonel was hard and demanding . 
 his mouth was a thin line framed by a strong nose and heavy brow with a frown that never budged . 
 his hair was cropped so close to the skin it was impossible to tell what color it might have been ; even his camouflage uniform was perfectly pressed and straight . 
 `` what can i do for you , sir ? '' 
 captain wolfe asked calmly , placing his fingertips on the desk in front of him . 
 jackson was n't used to being interrupted during his work and he was doing his best to stay calm . 
 there would be nothing gained by being angry and possibly releasing the wolf inside of him . 
 `` i was told you were here when the break-in occurred ? '' 
 the colonel asked , striding to the front of jackson 's desk and placing his big hands on the shiny surface . 
 the veins on bronn 's neck bulged and pulsated out of his uniform . 
 `` i was . 
 i 'm afraid i did n't see anything . '' 
 jackson sat down , making sure that the chair did n't buckle underneath him . 
 he was n't going to be baited into anger by this man . 
 `` bullshit . 
 the guards said they found you by the door . '' 
 bronn 's pale blue eyes flashed with hostility . 
 `` when the alarm went off , i went to investigate . 
 my office is just down the hall from the records room , '' jackson replied smoothly , stacking several papers on his desk into a neat pile . 
 `` so of course the guards found me by the room , sir . '' 
 the colonel growled with frustration . 
 `` and you did n't see anything ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 the colonel removed his hands from jackson 's desk , leaving dirty fingerprints on the once clean surface , and carefully folded them behind his back . 
 `` i want to know how someone got on my base and stole from me . '' 
 `` as far as i know , sir , the perpetrator slid through a hole in the fence . 
 that the guards even noticed that someone had walked through the airfield and left footprints that did n't belong speaks volumes to their training , '' jackson replied . 
 `` in addition , nothing in the records room is classified information . 
 most of the files are medical records that need to be put into the system . '' 
 colonel bronn 's eyes narrowed to blue icy shards . 
 `` i 'm sure the soldier or soldiers whose information was stolen would n't be pleased to hear your lack of concern . '' 
 jackson 's jaw hardened . 
 there was something about this man that he did n't like . 
 perhaps it was the perfect uniform , the strict observance of protocol even when unnecessary , or the lack of compassion in those cold eyes . 
 it could have even been the man 's history of violence and the savage tactics he used in the middle east that had almost cost the colonel his rank . 
 whatever it was , something about the man set jackson 's teeth on edge . 
 it took restraint not to get up and pace the room growling . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , but i am busy . 
 base security is not my forte , but i would be happy to assist your men however i can . '' 
 jackson smiled in what he hoped was a helpful , friendly smile and not a wolfish grin . 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 it appears as though you do n't know anything . '' 
 the colonel shrugged and turned to step out of the office . 
 jackson bristled with the implied insult , but he let it slide . 
 talking back to a superior officer was a good way to just get in trouble . 
 `` if you think of anything you might have seen from last night , please let base security know . 
 oh , and shave by the next time i see you . 
 just because you just got here does n't mean you get a free pass . 
 you 're supposed to be an example to the other men . '' 
 with that , the colonel walked out of captain wolfe 's office . 
 jackson waited until the footsteps were faint echoes in the hall before standing and stomping to close the door . 
 he slammed the door shut , glad to release a little frustration at an inanimate object . 
 colonel bronn made jackson 's hackles rise . 
 the colonel was obviously not happy running a tiny base in the middle of nowhere and wanted that to change . 
 there was too much hunger for power in the man 's eyes and jackson wanted nothing to do with him . 
 jackson turned , the pile of paperwork on his desk offering him only a boring excuse to fill his time . 
 what he wanted was to find that girl , and smell that wonderful , relaxing and yet stimulating scent again . 
 he eased himself into the rickety chair , and pulled a beat-up laptop from a case on the floor . 
 it was n't a pretty computer , but it had been modified by his squad during the last tour and he knew he would never get another one like it . 
 the computer could search more databases and crack security codes faster than jackson had even thought possible . 
 he could practically perform magic with the upgrades his squad had given him . 
 it booted quickly and as he waited for the search engine screen to show , he closed his eyes and tried to remember any details about the woman in the records room that would tell him who she was . 
 nothing came to mind except her age and that there was a local college nearby . 
 it was as good a place to start as any , and he navigated to the hudson university student directory . 
 his fingers flew across the laptop , searching through possible candidates and names until he finally stumbled across her picture . 
 it was almost more luck than skill . 
 she was photographed next to a microscope on the homepage for the genetics department . 
 chloe madison . 
 phd candidate for human genetics . 
 the corner of his mouth twitched up at seeing her face before dropping into a frown . 
 what was a genetics student doing breaking into a secure military facility to steal some old medical files ? 
 perhaps she needed something for her research ? 
 but if that were the case , there were official channels to go through that would legitimize her work . 
 he looked down at the stack of paperwork next to his computer . 
 it was only nine in the morning . 
 coffee at the student coffee shop suddenly sounded like a much better use of his time than going through old intelligence reports . 
 chapter 8 jackson sat next to the corner window overlooking the main quad . 
 from his position he had a clear line of sight to the library , the science building , the student center entrance , as well as the rest of the coffee shop . 
 the coffee was warm in his hands and he had surprised himself by ordering it with cream and sugar ; he usually liked it black . 
 he did n't look out of place among the students . 
 slightly older , perhaps , at twenty-eight years old , but there were enough graduate students that he did n't stand out . 
 watching the freshmen working feverishly on their projects at the table next to him reminded him that he had gone a very different path . 
 west point with a degree in psychology was not the easiest course load through college , but he had done it . 
 it was how he had gotten to where he was now . 
 the door chimed and he turned from the window to have his world flooded with golden warmth . 
 she was here . 
 chloe walked up to the counter to order a coffee to go . 
 he tried not to stare , but he wanted to take in every detail about her . 
 he took it all in : her purple scarf tucked neatly into the gray wool coat , the damp snow clinging to the bottom of her jeans , the knitted black hat she had over her ears , even the snow melting on her shoulders . 
 she was so beautiful he was surprised that no one else in the coffee shop was staring . 
 her voice sung in his ears as she ordered a coffee , pausing to decide if she wanted cream and sugar . 
 she decided to go with yes , but only one of each . 
 her laugh was like tiny bells as she giggled at the comment by the barista that her coffee was actually starting to look like coffee rather than caffeinated milk . 
 she dropped her change in the jar by the register and stepped out into the main quad . 
 jackson had to count his heartbeats in order to still them . 
 blood was rushing through his ears and he was sure his eyes were golden . 
 he could n't control the effect she seemed to have on him , but he did n't want it to stop either . 
 she was barely half-way across the quad when he stood from his seat and tried his best to nonchalantly follow her into the library . 
 she waved to a librarian on her way in and promptly headed up the main staircase to the second level . 
 there were enough students that he was able to follow her without attracting any attention . 
 she turned at the top of the stairs and walked down a short hallway with study room doors on either side . 
 she glanced about before closing the door to room number three behind her . 
 he found an overstuffed chair by the window that he could sit in and watch the door . 
 he pulled a random book from the nearest shelf , opening it on his lap to give him the appearance of studying . 
 the title was something about the history of romulus and remus and the building of rome . 
 his fingers gripped at the edges of the pages , but he did n't see the words . 
 what am i doing here ? 
 he asked himself , unable to come up with a reasonable answer . 
 somehow , tracking a beautiful girl because her scent is intoxicating seemed too stalker-ish , even for him . 
 scenarios played out in his head of him entering the study room , pretending to be a student and starting up a conversation . 
 her imaginary laugh as he said something witty made him smile before he realized he was daydreaming about something he should never have . 
 he was dangerous . 
 he had killed people . 
 he should have been dead himself . 
 there was a wolf living inside of him , threatening to emerge and destroy everything . 
 memories of the terror he had wrought in afghanistan at the destruction of his squad flashed like grenades across his vision . 
 the damage he had caused . 
 the crackle of the fire he had set to cover it up . 
 he was a creature of nightmares . 
 he cursed quietly . 
 there was no way a beautiful , intelligent woman like chloe would ever chose to be with someone like him . 
 yes , he had military rank , but the drive to climb higher had been killed with wolf squad . 
 he was broken and battered . 
 some people in previous wars had called it shell shock , or the thousand yard stare , but now they called it something else . 
 ptsd . 
 hell , he still had to report to a physical therapist and a psychologist once a week . 
 the physical therapist was amazed at his near miraculous recovery and he lied through his teeth to the shrink . 
 no , she deserved someone better than him . 
 he set the book down on the armrest of the chair , telling himself that leaving and forgetting she had ever existed was the best thing for both of them . 
 he would only end up hurting her , possibly even killing her . 
 if he wanted to do right by her , he needed to leave and never think of her again . 
 his hand trembled against the book as he stood . 
 somehow leaving a woman he had barely met was breaking his heart . 
 he carefully replaced the book back to its original position on the bookshelf , closing his eyes for a moment to say goodbye . 
 with a deep breath he turned to find the stairs , but the scent that hit him made his hackles rise . 
 a well-built man in his late fifties had ascended the stairs and was walking straight for chloe 's study room . 
 jackson did n't know how he knew it , but he could smell a wolf . 
 the hair on the back of jackson 's neck stood upright as he watched to make sure this new werewolf really was going into chloe 's room . 
 the man entered study room three without a pause . 
 jackson growled softly , fear for her safety flooding through him . 
 she was trapped in a room with someone like him . 
 the fact that there was even another like him was barely registering against the concern that she was alone with him . 
 he balled his hands into a fist , debating desperately with himself with what to do . 
 she did n't know him and he could n't just barge into her study room and call out the other man . 
 who knew what the other would do when faced with another wolf ? 
 but he could n't just stand there and let her be alone with a dangerous killer . 
 his eyes flickered golden for a second at the thought of losing her . 
 he began walking to the door . 
 he did n't know what the other were wanted , but he was n't about to let chloe find out the hard way what a wolf could do . 
 chapter 9 chloe had finally dozed off about an hour after getting home from the diner , her hair spread out against the pillow like a halo . 
 she twitched once as she settled into a dream , her mouth curling up into a smile . 
 *** she was in room lined with red velvet . 
 there was a bed and a window , but the most important part was the fact that there was a man in the room with her . 
 he was shirtless as he looked out the window . 
 the muscles on his back were long and lean and begging her to run her fingers along them . 
 a small , thin scar ran along his flank , but it did n't detract from his sculpted perfection ; rather , it added to it . 
 he turned as she stepped forward , a smile brightening his handsome features . 
 dark hair and dark eyes pulled her toward him like a magnet . 
 she smiled back . 
 she knew him . 
 she loved him . 
 she had always loved him . 
 he was her captain wolfe . 
 the man reached for her , his fingers threading into her hair as he pulled her into his lips . 
 she pressed her body against his , desperate to feel his touch . 
 his muscled chest was warm against the thin fabric of her tank-top . 
 an unbearable tightness began to form between her legs . 
 she wanted him more than she had ever wanted anything in her life . 
 he broke away from the kiss , smiling at her as though he knew exactly what she was thinking . 
 with a sensual finger , he traced the line of neck and down her shoulder , pushing off the strap to her tank-top . 
 she felt a delicious surge of want and he touched her bare shoulder , his eyes glowing golden for a moment . 
 the man leaned forward to her shoulder , kissing her bare flesh and sending shivers of delight down her spine . 
 she moaned softly as he nibbled her . 
 she wanted him to devour her . 
 she kissed his ear , and he made a sound that made chloe 's blood heat in the most delicious fashion . 
 her hands went to his shoulders , her right hand finding the rough skin of a scar . 
 it did n't surprise her ; she somehow knew it was supposed to be there . 
 with a low growl , the man picked her up and tossed her on the bed . 
 she giggled as he came at her on all fours , his face fierce with want . 
 he kissed her again , his body pressing down on her . 
 she could feel the hardness growing in his pants , the need to have her . 
 she fumbled with his belt , her fingers working to free him from his clothing . 
 it only took a moment , and then the pants were gone . 
 her clothing was gone as well . 
 she reveled in the sensation of their nak * d bodies pressing against one another . 
 she dragged her nails gently down his back , grabbing his perfect ass at the bottom . 
 a low masculine moan reached her ears , feeding a fire building deep in her belly . 
 his erect member pressed against her leg , seeking entrance to her warmth . 
 she spread her legs willingly , guiding him into her . 
 he pressed into her velvet folds , his breath catching at the same time hers did . 
 she had never felt such want . 
 such need . 
 he filled her to the brim and still she wanted more . 
 she wanted every inch of him . 
 she cried out with pleasure as he rocked his hips , sending bursts of sheer bliss deep into her body . 
 she writhed and moaned beneath him , hands tracing the curves of his arms . 
 he was so strong . 
 she arched her hips , aching to take even more of him . 
 every nerve was on fire with want . 
 she knew he was the only one who could satisfy her . 
 his pace quickened . 
 his perfect ass tightened under her fingers as he worked himself against her . 
 she could feel the rise of her own desire threatening to wash over her . 
 he looked down at her , his crooked smile full of desire and love . 
 his eyes turned golden and he rocked into her , filling her with himself . 
 she cried out as her own pleasure cli ** xed , mixing with his and sending them both to new heights . 
 her core tightened and spasmed , lights and sounds blurring into nothing but pleasure . 
 he was breathing hard when she looked up , a smile of pure happiness across his features . 
 she touched his cheek , feeling the rough stubble on her fingertips . 
 he was so handsome she thought her heart might break . 
 he kissed her softly , his eyes slowly losing their golden glow and returning to their rich brown . 
 she was n't sure which she liked better . 
 they were both his and she loved both . 
 her breathing was returning to normal , but she was n't ready to stop dreaming yet . 
 he smiled as she licked her lips , silently asking him for more . 
 he kissed down her jaw , down her collarbone , stopping to kiss her n ** ples until they pebbled and ached for more . 
 with slow hands he worked his way to her hips , finding the wet place between her legs . 
 he touched her , watching her face as pleasure coursed through her system again . 
 he gave her a wolfish smile as he moved down to taste her . 
 she groaned with pleasure as he began to work her body . 
 he was taking his time and she knew they had all night ... *** chloe sipped gently on her coffee as she hurried across the quad to the big library . 
 she felt strangely refreshed , especially given the dreams she had all morning . 
 it was as though she had gotten laid and had a great night 's sleep . 
 she had still stopped to get coffee before heading to the library though . 
 she had a strange sense of warmth as she walked across the quad , but she gave credit to the coffee in her hands . 
 it tasted different than she remembered . 
 she chalked it up to changing tastes and the black coffee from the night before . 
 maybe she was finally turning into a grown-up coffee drinker ! 
 she bounced up the library steps to the study room , hoping that dr. turner would know what the lycan gene was . 
 if he did , then she was one step closer to finding her brother . 
 she opened the door to study room number three and glanced about , unable to shake a feeling that she was being watched . 
 with a shrug , she stepped inside and spread out her stuff on the table in the center of the room . 
 chloe opened her computer and checked her email as she waited for her professor to arrive . 
 she was a little early , but that just meant she could catch up on her never-ending emails and required readings . 
 it seemed as though she had barely gotten through the first batch of emails when the door opened and dr. turner walked in . 
 he was an older man , probably in his late forties or early fifties , but he moved like a man of twenty . 
 she had collided with him on more than one occasion in the small lab space , and she knew he was solid as rock . 
 kind brown eyes dominated his square face , with short gray hair and a neatly trimmed beard . 
 he wore his typical brown pants with stains on the knees and white lab coat . 
 several of the other students thought he was a bit strange , eccentric they called him , but chloe loved his easy going nature . 
 nothing ever seemed to faze him ; he reminded her of her brother and she had specifically requested to have him as her adviser . 
 `` hello , chloe , '' he said , closing the door behind him . 
 he smiled warmly as he sat down at the table next to her . 
 `` you said it was urgent ? '' 
 chloe bit her lip and gave him a sheepish grin . 
 `` maybe urgent was n't the best word choice , but it is important . 
 at least to me . '' 
 he laughed gently . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 it gave me a chance to get out of the lab . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` have you ever heard of the lycan gene ? '' 
 dr. turner went still for a moment , his dark eyes regarding her carefully . 
 `` where did you hear of that ? '' 
 he asked , his voice very serious . 
 chloe opened her book bag , pulling out the medical file . 
 she had everything she had on her brother 's disappearance in that bag : his letters , the files , even his picture . 
 she paused for a moment , then slid the file she had stolen across the table to him . 
 it was all or nothing now . 
 if he called her out on where she got the file , she would have to tell him . 
 he could turn her in and ruin her career at that point . 
 she hoped that he would instead help her find her brother . 
 he opened the file carefully , his eyes reading the numbers and measurements carefully and then going wide at the notation of the gene at the bottom . 
 `` when my brother went missing , one of his buddies told me to look for the lycan project . 
 i need to know what it is so i can find him . '' 
 she stopped , waiting to hear what he was thinking . 
 dr. turner 's face was expressionless as he closed the file and slid it back to her . 
 he reached across the table and took her hand in his . 
 his hands were warmer than she had expected after coming in from the cold . 
 `` i know that finding your brother is important to you , but you need to stop . 
 now . '' 
 he let go of her hands and looked at the file as though it might turn into a snake and bite him . 
 `` i do n't know where you got that file , and honestly , i do n't think i want to know . 
 you are stepping into an ocean full of danger and you are n't even wearing water wings . '' 
 frustration welled up in her throat . 
 he knew something but he was n't going to tell her . 
 `` please , '' she begged . 
 `` please , i ca n't give this up . 
 he 's my brother and i have to find him . '' 
 the door to the study room creaked , and dr. turner was on his feet faster before chloe even registered that the door was opening . 
 standing in the doorway was the very handsome soldier from the night before . 
 she gulped hard . 
 he was more handsome than she remembered . 
 she had dreamed about him the entire night before and felt like she already knew his body , inside and out . 
 and there he was , standing in the doorway and looking even hotter , and angrier , than he had even in her dreams . 
 `` she 's already in too deep , '' captain wolfe growled . 
 his dark hair was cut close in a military style that accented his scruffy jawline . 
 warm brown eyes with long lashes took her in and for a moment , she let herself get lost in them and forget to breathe . 
 `` it 's you , '' chloe whispered , unable to look away from him . 
 chapter 10 he raised his eyebrows and looked at the file still on the table . 
 `` you get those files to dr. vincelli ? '' 
 chloe felt the hot rush of blood to her face at being called out at the lie , but she did n't back down . 
 a low growl reverberated from beside her and she was surprised to see dr. turner with a menacing expression on his face . 
 she did n't know that her sweet professor could look terrifyingly deadly ; she was just glad that he was focused on the intruder and not her with that look on his face . 
 the tension in the room was thick enough to choke on . 
 the two men stared at one another in a silent battle of wills , ready to fly at the other at a moment 's notice . 
 dr. turner stepped forward , effectively shielding chloe from jackson . 
 chloe knew she needed to break the tension before one of the men decided to do something stupid . 
 she cleared her throat , suddenly feeling very vulnerable as both men turned with brown eyes flickering to golden . 
 `` hello again , captain wolfe . '' 
 she was just glad her voice did n't shake . 
 the captain 's eyebrows raised , but his attention was still on dr. turner . 
 `` i do n't remember giving you my name , chloe . '' 
 the captain said quietly . 
 his voice was rough and masculine and even given the tension in the room , in made chloe 's body give a slight thrill to hear her name . 
 `` i can read a uniform . 
 i definitely do n't remember giving you mine , '' she returned with just a bit of defiance . 
 he did n't scare her . 
 `` i can use a school directory . '' 
 captain wolfe focused on chloe , the heat of his golden eyes burning straight into her soul . 
 `` and i 'm dr. quentin turner , '' dr. turner announced , his voice pleasant but his eyes never leaving captain wolfe . 
 `` now that we 've all been introduced , perhaps you would be willing to step out into the hallway with me for a moment ? '' 
 captain wolfe 's eyes flickered for a moment . 
 then he relaxed his shoulders and stepped out into the hallway , making sure not to turn his back to the other man . 
 dr. turner gently patted chloe 's back as he walked past her and followed captain wolfe out the door , closing it carefully behind him . 
 chloe sat staring at the door in a daze . 
 that was exactly the last thing she had expected to happen today . 
 she could hear the men 's voices as they stepped into the adjacent study room . 
 she tried her best not to listen , but it was difficult and she finally just gave up and sat with her ear against the wall . 
 chapter 11 jackson stepped into a study room labeled with a big number four , wondering exactly what he had just gotten himself into . 
 the doctor closed the door behind him , and jackson struggled to keep his emotions under control . 
 now that chloe 's scent was in another room , his head was beginning to clear and the implications of the man standing next to him were starting to emerge . 
 he was n't the only one . 
 there were others like him . 
 he was n't alone . 
 jackson was n't sure if he should be happy or terrified . 
 the implications of having multiple shifting monsters running around the world was a bit terrifying . 
 the older man sat carefully on the edge of the table . 
 he appeared calm , but jackson wanted to be ready for anything . 
 `` who are you and what are you doing here ? '' 
 the older man asked , his voice low and quiet . 
 `` my name is captain jackson wolfe . '' 
 jackson 's throat suddenly went dry . 
 `` you 're like me ... i 've never met anyone like me . '' 
 `` what do you mean , you 've never met anyone like me ? '' 
 the other man asked , his face confused . 
 `` your eyes . 
 your scent . 
 we 're the same , '' jackson replied . 
 he felt a bit of desperation climb up into his chest . 
 if the other man dismissed his claims , he would know he was crazy . 
 it was only the military training that was keeping jackson from losing his cool . 
 dr. turner frowned . 
 `` you mean you do n't know what you are ? 
 that 's impossible . 
 your parents should have ... '' `` my parents abandoned me when i was born , '' jackson said , cutting him off . 
 `` i was adopted when i was an infant . 
 if they knew something , they never told me . '' 
 `` well , that changes things . '' 
 dr. turner rubbed his forehead with his hand , as though the motion would help him think . 
 `` you went through the change alone then ? '' 
 that was a loaded question for jackson . 
 he stiffened slightly and simply answered , `` yes . '' 
 there was too much to explain , especially to a stranger . 
 dr. turner 's head tipped slightly as he appraised the young soldier . 
 then he nodded . 
 `` you were a late bloomer , then ? 
 it did n't happen during puberty , but rather a traumatic event triggered it ? '' 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 jackson almost growled before he caught himself . 
 there was no way the other man could have known about afghanistan . 
 it must have happened to others if dr. turner mentioned it that way . 
 `` the way you hold yourself . 
 you have n't been a wolf long . '' 
 dr. turner stood up from the table . 
 `` you 'll have to introduce yourself to the pack . 
 we have a lot we need to teach you so you do n't hurt anyone . '' 
 `` i 've already hurt people , '' jackson said quietly , his eyes shying away from turner 's brown ones . 
 he did n't want to share too much with this stranger . 
 dr. turner put a hand on his shoulder , a friendly smile crossing his face . 
 `` it happens . 
 the trauma induced changes are the hardest . 
 there 's no shame in it . '' 
 jackson shrugged dr. turner 's hand off his shoulder at first and just stood there . 
 this man was a stranger . 
 why should jackson trust him ? 
 after a moment , he raised his eyes to meet dr. turner 's . 
 there was nothing but warm acceptance . 
 there was a moment where he felt like there could be no deceit between them . 
 `` you 'd teach me how to control it ? '' 
 he asked tentatively . 
 the small smile grew to encompass his whole face . 
 `` of course . 
 you may be a lone wolf , but that does n't mean you should n't have an understanding of basic society . 
 you might even want to join the pack . 
 the full moon 's coming up in a few days . 
 we 'll introduce you then . '' 
 relief at finally belonging again flooded through jackson . 
 he did n't dare to hope too much , but he felt glad . 
 maybe he would n't be alone anymore . 
 he would n't have to fight this struggle by himself . 
 `` do i need to do anything special ? '' 
 `` like what ? 
 bake a pie ? '' 
 turner laughed at his own joke . 
 `` no . 
 just come as you are and i 'll walk you through it . '' 
 jackson let out a sigh of relief . 
 a weight he did n't know he had been carrying seemed to be lifted from his shoulders . 
 he wanted to trust this dr. turner so badly , and he could feel his guard melting away . 
 `` now . 
 we have other matters to attend to . '' 
 turner motioned his head toward the other room , to where chloe was listening on the other side of the wall . 
 `` she stole the files then ? '' 
 jackson nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 turner cocked his head to the side again . 
 `` but you did n't stop her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i could n't ... i mean ... i 've never ... '' jackson shifted uncomfortably on his feet . 
 despite liking turner and knowing that they were the same , he just was n't sure what was considered normal anymore . 
 `` ah . 
 i see . '' 
 turner gave jackson a wink . 
 `` she smells like nothing you could ever imagine and you have the most vivid and amazing dreams about her , right ? '' 
 `` is that normal ? '' 
 jackson swallowed nervously and turner laughed . 
 `` for a select few . 
 i 'll explain later . 
 right now we need to figure out what to do about those files . '' 
 turner moved to the door and paused before opening it to turn and look jackson square in the eye . 
 `` you hurt her , though , and i 'll kill you . '' 
 chapter 12 chloe heard the click of the door as dr. turner opened it and she hurried back into her chair , whipping out her phone and playing with her home screen icons . 
 wolves ? 
 she thought that the two of them talking about wolves and changing was incredibly confusing . 
 she finally decided that she just must not have heard them correctly . 
 that was the danger when eavesdropping in the first place . 
 the two men walked back into the room as though nothing had happened , but at least the she did n't feel like lightning was about to rip through the room . 
 captain wolfe was looking much calmer and dr. turner was again behaving like his usual self . 
 it was as if the entire first portion of their meeting had been all in her imagination . 
 the captain sat down in the chair across from chloe , his brown eyes settling on her and making her feel as though he could see right through her . 
 she was having a hard time not checking him out to see if he looked in real life the way he had in her dreams . 
 dr. turner leaned against the wall , picking up the stolen file and flipping through it once again . 
 `` why 'd you steal the files ? '' 
 captain wolfe asked , his voice low and gruff . 
 chloe pushed her shoulders back and looked him squarely in the eye . 
 he may be bigger and stronger than her , and incredibly handsome , but she was n't about to let him intimidate her . 
 `` i 'm looking for my brother . '' 
 `` in a file ? '' 
 he asked with a straight face . 
 `` yes , in a file , '' she snapped back . 
 she was having a hard time concentrating with him so close . 
 there was something about him that she could n't define that intrigued her . 
 `` he 's in the military . 
 he used to write me every week , but it 's been months since i got a letter . 
 he 's missing and no one can tell me where he is . '' 
 captain wolfe shrugged and leaned back in his chair . 
 his lithe body moved so fluidly that chloe could n't take her eyes off of him . 
 `` maybe he 's just out on assignment . '' 
 she tore her eyes from his perfectly sculpted arms long enough to shake her head . 
 `` no . 
 i checked . 
 besides , he gave me our duress code . 
 it 's serious ; that code is sacred . '' 
 his brows raised slightly . 
 `` what kind of kids come up with a duress code ? '' 
 `` we had active imaginations . 
 and he wanted to be in the military from the time he could say the word army . 
 i played a lot of ` war games ' growing up , '' chloe said with a smile . 
 captain wolfe sighed and glanced over at dr. turner , but the genetics adviser ignored him . 
 he turned his attention back to chloe . 
 `` tell me about your brother . 
 maybe i can help . '' 
 her face brightened . 
 after receiving so little help this far , having someone , even someone who had threatened to turn her in for stealing , offer to help was encouraging . 
 `` well , he 's a year younger than me , and his favorite food is pizza ... '' `` no , no , '' he said , gently shaking his head . 
 dr. turner snickered from behind his reading material but jackson ignored him . 
 `` i mean tell me something i can use . 
 rank , mos , unit , his last deployment . 
 things like that . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 chloe giggled nervously . 
 for some reason he had her flustered . 
 she did n't usually have that trouble when talking to men . 
 this one however had her blushing and stammering like a teenager on her first date . 
 `` blake madison , specialist . 
 he 's a language specialist in the 994th psychological operations company . 
 his last deployment was to iraq a little over a year ago . 
 i think he was in fallujah ? '' 
 he nodded , mentally taking note of her every word . 
 `` and why are you looking for him ? '' 
 `` about six months ago , all communication with him stopped . 
 he was supposed to be stateside , but then he just disappeared off the face of the map . 
 it is n't like him . '' 
 `` so you went hunting for files ? '' 
 chloe nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's when i found that file . 
 it says he has the lycan gene . 
 do you know anything about that ? '' 
 captain wolfe glanced toward dr. turner and chloe saw the barest shake of her adviser 's head . 
 she frowned . 
 why would n't he want captain wolfe to share what he knew about the lycan gene with her ? 
 if anything it just confirmed her suspicions that there was something going on that she needed to get to the bottom of . 
 `` so , why are you here , captain wolfe ? '' 
 chloe asked , changing the subject . 
 if she was going to find out more , she might as well take the initiative . 
 he was asking her more questions than she was really ready to answer to a complete stranger , no matter how handsome he was . 
 `` jackson , please . '' 
 he smiled at her and her heart nearly stopped . 
 it was n't fair to make a man that gorgeous ; a girl would do stupid things to see that smile . 
 `` i 'm here because you broke into a military base and stole files . 
 you did n't think you could just waltz in and not have anyone come looking for you ? '' 
 `` considering you were the only person to see me ? '' 
 she paused for a moment , remembering the very vivid dream from this morning that had her wishing he would come looking , but she pushed it to the back of her mind . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 the corners of jackson 's mouth turned up slightly , but he ignored the possible innuendo . 
 `` depends . '' 
 `` depends ? 
 that 's not exactly very military or by the book sounding , '' she said , trying not to smile . 
 `` by the book is not in my job description , '' he replied . 
 his hands were on the table . 
 chloe was having a hard time resisting the urge to reach out and touch one . 
 she wondered if it would feel as good as it had in the dream . 
 `` so what is your job description , then ? '' 
 she asked , forcing hands to still in her lap . 
 looking at his face was n't much better as she kept thinking of what she wanted to do to those perfectly arched lips . 
 `` i 'm a military intelligence officer . 
 i interrogate people . '' 
 he said it simply , as though it were an everyday , common kind of job . 
 chloe gulped and looked at him in a new light . 
 no wonder she felt like she was spilling her guts to him . 
 he was trained to find secrets . 
 `` with your skill set , you 'd certainly be good at it , '' dr. turner mumbled . 
 chloe sent him an annoyed glance , wondering if he was going to participate in the conversation or just make comments . 
 jackson gave her a warm smile that made her tingle down to her toes . 
 `` i have a knack for being able to tell what people are thinking . 
 it makes me very good at my job . '' 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'm hungry , '' dr. turner suddenly announced . 
 the change in subject surprised both chloe and jackson . 
 `` i know of a great little sandwich shop just around the corner . 
 we can sit and discuss this as well as get something to eat . 
 i know i think better on a full stomach . '' 
 there was a knock on the door and a student wearing glasses pointed at his watch through the rectangular door window . 
 dr. turner smiled . 
 `` also , our reserved time here is over . '' 
 `` um , okay . '' 
 chloe said , standing up and picking her coat off the back of her chair and gathering her things . 
 jackson held open the door and dr. turner and chloe filed out , allowing a student with an armload of books to scurry in . 
 the three of them walked in a strange line down the stairs , chloe and jackson following dr. turner like ducklings . 
 the cold winter air hit chloe like a punch in the gut . 
 she shivered and wondered how jackson and dr. turner managed to look so warm . 
 neither one of them was wearing more than a light jacket and seemed unperturbed by the cold wind whistling through the quad . 
 she sighed . 
 her brother never seemed to get cold either . 
 it must be a guy thing . 
 now that they were all out of the building , jackson walked beside chloe as they followed dr. turner to the sandwich shop . 
 jackson was close enough that if she had reached out her hand she could have held his and walked hand in hand . 
 instead , she tucked her hands into her coat pockets , afraid that her body would betray her . 
 the sidewalk narrowed as they walked by the mathematics building and jackson 's arm grazed hers . 
 it was if a circuit had been completed and she felt a warmth rush through her , tingling down to her toes . 
 chloe 's face went hot as she glanced over at jackson , but he just stared straight ahead as though he had n't felt a thing . 
 a small twinge of disappointment went through her , but she shrugged it off . 
 maybe it was just static electricity from her coat and she was imagining the whole attraction to the soldier standing next to her . 
 she sighed , tucking her hands a little further into the coat pockets . 
 she had never been this immediately attracted to someone before . 
 the dream from the night before , and the fact that she had n't seen a single thing to contradict it , was n't helping . 
 he sighed as well , looking up into the gray sky as if he were waiting for snow , when he suddenly stopped cold . 
 he held out his hand , stopping her from walking further as they approached an alley way behind the art building . 
 the campus was deathly quiet this far from the main part of campus on a saturday . 
 dr. turner stopped as well , peering down the alley at something only the two of them could see . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' jackson growled . 
 his voice was low and full of calm assurance of violence . 
 it made the hair on chloe 's neck stand up . 
 she looked over at jackson , their eyes meeting . 
 he had felt something when they had brushed together , she could see it . 
 she could see everything in those liquid pools of gold . 
 dr. turner made a soft noise that made her turn , seeing four men step out of the alley , their faces covered in masks . 
 something about the way they stood made her blood run cold . 
 they were definitely not students . 
 and they were definitely not going to let them pass . 
 chapter 13 jackson turned away from her captivating green eyes to see four men in dark clothing emerge from the alley . 
 their faces were covered with ski masks , but he could smell the violence building on them . 
 he had smelled that same scent , heard that same heartbeat in afghanistan . 
 it was from a suicide bomber walking into a town square with the detonation trigger in his hand . 
 jackson 's eyes flashed golden . 
 there was no way these thugs were going to hurt a hair on chloe . 
 he would rip them to shreds before they could ever even lay a finger on her perfect skin . 
 he turned back to chloe , putting his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to do exactly as i say , do you understand ? '' 
 she nodded quickly , fear starting shimmer in her eyes as she glanced over his shoulder at the approaching me . 
 `` good , '' he said , taking her chin in his fingers and drawing her attention back to him . 
 `` i need to you stay behind us . 
 see that dumpster over there ? 
 i want you to go to it . 
 protect yourself at all costs , do you understand ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 her face was pale but her eyes were bright and determined . 
 he smiled . 
 if they managed to get to her , those men were in for a surprise . 
 she was n't going to go down without a fight . 
 he pushed her gently and she backed away , heading slowly toward the dumpster without taking her eyes off the four men . 
 jackson turned back to face the men . 
 turner had n't moved yet , his posture defensive as he waited for chloe to get to safety . 
 he turned and nodded to jackson . 
 and it began . 
 the four men pulled out weapons , small handguns concealed in the back of their waistbands . 
 turner howled a blood-curdling cry before leaping forward , knocking one of the guns to the ground before the man even had a chance to raise completely remove it from his pants . 
 turner spun , his eyes glowing golden in the gray winter light , snarling and snapping at the second attacker with teeth growing longer by the second . 
 jackson charged the other two men , knocking one down with a sickening thud against the pavement . 
 the remaining man backed away slowly , his eyes going wide at the fearsome beast transforming in front of him . 
 jackson 's eyes were golden and his canine teeth were lengthening into fearsome fangs . 
 fur sprouted along the back of his shoulders . 
 his hands turned into claws that he slashed at the attacker . 
 with a powerful stroke , he caught him in the middle and sent him flying . 
 he landed ten feet away in a crumpled pile that did n't get up . 
 jackson turned to assist turner , but he had already taken the man down . 
 it had taken less than thirty seconds for the two men to take down four armed men . 
 turner shook his head as though he had water in his ears as his teeth receded and lost their dagger-like qualities . 
 jackson could feel the fur receding into his skin and his hands tingled as they returned to their human form . 
 the four men were n't dead . 
 jackson could still hear their hearts beating . 
 they would need medical attention , but all four would live . 
 he wondered if their bosses would believe their story of the two monsters that attacked them and foiled their plans . 
 what concerned him was that they were most definitely military . 
 jackson turned around slowly , hoping that most of his transformation had returned him to human before he faced chloe . 
 she had been able to see the whole thing . 
 there was no way to have prevented it and still keep her safe . 
 there just had n't been time . 
 whatever hope he had of impressing her with his charm and wit was gone . 
 she had seen the beast . 
 there was no way she would ever want to be with a monster . 
 she stepped out from the shadow of the dumpster , a large heavy stick hanging limply in her hand . 
 she did n't flinch when she looked at him though and the hope that surged through him could have powered a city . 
 `` are they dead ? '' 
 she asked , quietly stepping up to the two weres . 
 she was pale as a ghost and trembling , but she kept her voice steady . 
 `` no . 
 they 're all still alive . '' 
 turner replied , stepping over to one . 
 he knelt down and began rifling through the unconscious man 's pockets . 
 jackson did the same to another man , but found nothing on his identity but a tattoo of a phoenix . 
 he 'd look it up later . 
 dr. turner finally pulled out a piece of paper from the last man 's pocket . 
 the paper shook in his hand , and jackson knew it was n't from the wind . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 chloe asked , dropping her stick and wrapping her arms around herself . 
 the fact that she had n't bolted spoke volumes about her self-control . 
 or lack of sanity . 
 dr. turner rose and showed her the paper . 
 on it was a printed picture of her . 
 her school id photo , to be exact . 
 she let out a small whimper , but that was all . 
 she was shaking and all he wanted to do was wrap his arms around her and tell her that everything was going to be okay , but he was n't sure how she would respond . 
 dr. turner was impressed with how well she was taking this already . 
 after all , she did just see her college adviser and another man morph into deadly killing machines to take out four men determined to kill her . 
 chloe took in a deep , shuddering breath and closed her eyes before slowly releasing it . 
 when she opened her eyes , she frowned at the four men still lying unconscious in the cold . 
 she had obviously hoped they would disappear when her eyes had been closed . 
 `` well , i 'm not really up for a sandwich anymore , '' she said simply . 
 dr. turner laughed , coming over and hugging her . 
 she burrowed into his shoulder , and jackson felt the tug of jealousy . 
 he wished he could be the one holding her , putting a hand in her hair to soothe her fears . 
 but she was n't his . 
 `` i 'll buy you a pizza , '' turner told her , looking down at her like a caring parent . 
 she gave him a weak smile and he squeezed her into him . 
 jackson shifted his feet slightly , uncomfortable at the emotions rolling around in his stomach . 
 there was too much jealousy and want rolling around inside of him , especially toward someone he had only just met a day before . 
 `` there 's a cheap motel on third street . 
 we can pay cash , '' turner said , releasing the shaking girl . 
 her color was returning which was good . 
 dr. turner put his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` chloe , you are not going home tonight . 
 i 'm afraid they 've found you . '' 
 chapter 14 the three of them hurried quickly and quietly to dr. turner 's car . 
 jackson opened the passenger door to let chloe ride shotgun and she gave him a small smile . 
 she was n't sure how she felt about him yet , but the act of chivalry was still charming . 
 once the car started , chloe cranked the heat , letting it blast to try and make herself feel warm again . 
 she was looking forward to a hot shower at the motel . 
 even if she did n't have any of her things , she would still enjoy the water and getting the cold ache out of her toes . 
 they rode in easy silence for the short trip to third street . 
 dr. turner had n't been kidding when he said it was a cheap motel . 
 chloe had never seen anything so rundown and sad looking . 
 suddenly , she was a little bit more hesitant about the shower . 
 the place did n't even look like it had consistent running water . 
 dr. turner parked the car and hurried into the main office , returning after only a moment with a key for a room . 
 together , the three of them entered a very run down motel room on the second floor . 
 jackson sniffed the air hesitantly as they entered , then shrugged . 
 `` could be worse , '' he murmured . 
 `` it 's not pretty , but it 's safe . 
 i know the owner . 
 he wo n't tell a soul you 're here . 
 his business depends on discretion . '' 
 dr. turner pulled the threadbare shades over the windows . 
 chloe stepped into the center of the room . 
 at least it was warm . 
 she looked at the two men standing in front of her and wondered if she really had seen what she thought . 
 as much as she wished it had all been in her head , though , she knew it was true . 
 she bit her lip and looked up at her mentor . 
 `` dr. turner . '' 
 chloe paused as she took a breath and then let the words out as quickly as she could . 
 `` what are you two ? '' 
 `` after all this , i think you can call me quent . 
 that 's what my friends call me . '' 
 he gave her a fatherly smile . 
 `` i think you know what we are . '' 
 chloe shifted her gaze to jackson . 
 he was still breathtakingly handsome . 
 despite knowing what he was , she still felt an implicit and complete trust toward him , not to mention an ever increasing attraction as well . 
 she should be terrified of him , but no matter how hard she tried , she only felt trust . 
 to be perfectly honest , she had been more afraid that her attackers were going to hurt him than of him changing . 
 `` i saw you both change . 
 become stronger . 
 your eyes and teeth , and ... '' she faltered slightly at the intense memory . 
 `` and what , chloe ? '' 
 quent coaxed . 
 his eyes were soft as he looked at her . 
 he knew this was hard but that she needed to say it herself in order to truly believe it . 
 `` you 're both werewolves . '' 
 jackson nodded and peered out the window through a slit in the curtains . 
 quent smiled . 
 she let her knees give way and she plopped onto the bed . 
 `` but that 's not possible . 
 werewolves are n't real ... '' quent came and sat down beside her , his smile gentle and voice soothing . 
 `` why not ? 
 human and wolf dna in a single entity ? 
 we 're all just mashups of previous dna bits anyway . 
 why not these two bits ? '' 
 chloe frowned . 
 `` the lycan gene . 
 it 's connected to werewolves , is n't it ? '' 
 `` very good ! '' 
 quent exclaimed , proudly praising his prized student and turning into a teacher . 
 `` it is related to werewolves . 
 the lycan gene is a sequence of so-called ` junk ' dna found in certain individuals . 
 it is typically recessive , and it requires compliment genes to activate it . '' 
 `` so the lycan gene causes you to be like ... this ? '' 
 chloe asked , baring her teeth and making a growling noise . 
 `` not exactly . 
 there are a lot of other genetic factors , as well as environment that come into play . '' 
 quent patted her leg . 
 `` having the lycan gene just means that there was a werewolf somewhere in your genetic history . 
 when the gene becomes important is when breeding between weres occurs . 
 the gene is complicated and does n't follow mendelian inheritance , but basically , if a were and a human breed , their progeny has about a twenty-five percent chance of having the ability to go through the change and actually be able to become a wolf . 
 if the human carries the lycan gene , that percentage increases to fifty percent . '' 
 `` you said the gene is caused by a werewolf in one 's genetic history . 
 is that the result of a were and a human pairing ? '' 
 chloe asked . 
 her mind was going a mile a minute , trying to figure out the exact genetic components of the werewolf condition , her scientific curiosity overcoming her initial fear . 
 `` yes , very good , chloe . '' 
 quent beamed at his student . 
 `` any mating of a human and were will pass the lycan gene down through their progeny , it 's just that the odds are it will be a silent mutation . '' 
 `` how common is the lycan gene , then ? '' 
 chloe shrugged out of her jacket , letting it fall to the bed . 
 jackson stood by the window , listening carefully to their conversation . 
 `` unfortunately , it is very rare . 
 if your brother has the gene , then it would be a good reason for anyone investigating weres to want him , '' quent answered honestly . 
 `` the odds are you have it as well . '' 
 chloe nodded , her mouth going into a thin line . 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 `` you said the gene required activation , '' jackson asked , his voice low . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` if the genetic criteria is met , the initial change requires a stressor . '' 
 quent 's eyes followed jackson to gauge his reaction . 
 `` most times , this is puberty . 
 but for some , like yourself , it takes an emotional toll for the beast to emerge . '' 
 `` it does n't always activate with puberty ? 
 why the stressor ? '' 
 chloe asked . 
 `` puberty is usually enough of a stressor , especially with the influx of hormones , but sometimes the environmental component is n't strong enough to induce the change at that time . '' 
 quent 's eyes went distant for a moment . 
 `` the ancient spartans used to give additional trials to potential were children at puberty in order to force the change . 
 it was a part of why they were so effective in battle . '' 
 `` the spartans were werewolves ? '' 
 chloe asked , her voice full of incredulity . 
 `` not all of them . 
 only a select few and they were kept a battle secret , '' quent replied . 
 he looked over at jackson . 
 `` you 'd be surprised how effective a were can be in battle . 
 or , maybe you would n't . '' 
 `` can two humans with the lycan gene have a were child ? '' 
 jackson asked , pointedly ignoring quent 's comment . 
 chloe was impressed at the astute question , especially given the complex level of genetics being discussed . 
 `` a full were must be involved in order to create another were . 
 the gene is more like a susceptibility than a guarantee , '' quent answered . 
 `` i see . '' 
 jackson fell silent , turning to stare out the window . 
 there was a world of pain in those two simple syllables . 
 chloe wondered what exactly had happened to him to put so much heartache in his voice . 
 `` what exactly is a werewolf , then ? 
 i know some of the myths , but what does that mean ? '' 
 chloe asked , changing the subject slightly to try and make jackson more comfortable . 
 quent sat up straighter , the teacher in him excited to for the lesson . 
 `` the werewolf is a hybrid of human and wolf that has been around since the dawn of mankind . 
 the exact origins are unknown , despite many origin stories . 
 when in wolf form , we maintain our human size and cognitive abilities . 
 when in human form , we maintain a wolf 's senses . 
 there is also a transitional stage between the two that we can enter . 
 in our everyday lives , we are stronger , faster , and heal more quickly . '' 
 `` do you change on the full moon ? 
 what happens to your clothes when that happens ? 
 and if you bit me , would i become a wolf too ? '' 
 chloe asked , her questions spilling out like water from a pitcher . 
 `` what about silver ? '' 
 quent laughed . 
 `` we can shift anytime we wish , but the pull to shift is strongest with the tidal pull of the moon . 
 we can resist , but it is difficult . 
 the clothes usually end up ripped if we wear them when we change , as they obviously do n't change with us . 
 the bite and the silver are both nothing more than superstitious myths . '' 
 `` oh , that 's good , i guess . '' 
 chloe said simply . 
 she thought about it for a moment , accepting this new information as though she were in class and this was the lecture . 
 a new thought occurred and she frowned . 
 `` on an entirely different , yet related topic , why would someone want to kill me over this ? '' 
 `` it must have something to do with the file you stole , or something you know . 
 someone does n't want you to connect the dots , '' quent mused . 
 `` those men were military . 
 army . 
 someone on this base did n't want you having that file . 
 you must have enough of the pieces that someone is worried you 'll put it together . '' 
 `` if the file were so important , why was it in an unlocked records room ? '' 
 jackson asked , stepping away from the window and pulling a threadbare wooden chair up to the bed . 
 he turned it and sat in it backwards . 
 `` it must be something you know , or can figure out with the information you have . '' 
 `` something with the lycan gene , then ? 
 i mean , that was the piece of information that seemed to start things . 
 serves me right for stealing . '' 
 chloe made a made a grumpy face and jackson laughed . 
 she liked the sound of his laugh . 
 `` the lycan gene has actually been known about for years in genetic research circles , '' quent said . 
 `` that is , they know about the gene as a unique sequence of junk dna , not what it represents . '' 
 `` i guess somebody knows something now , or i would n't be in this mess , '' chloe said . 
 `` what do we do next ? '' 
 the three of them sat quietly for a moment . 
 jackson spoke first . 
 `` so , the next step is to figure it out . 
 we lay everything we have out on the floor and look at the pieces . 
 like a giant jigsaw puzzle . '' 
 jackson smiled encouragingly at the two of them . 
 `` you know , i always hated those as a kid , '' chloe said sadly as she reached for her bag with the file . 
 `` unfortunately , me too , '' jackson replied , the smile turning into a rueful grin . 
 `` i was always missing a piece . '' 
 chloe dropped to the floor , pulling out the pieces of the puzzle she had so far . 
 there was the medical file stolen from the base , the suspicious letter from her brother , the notebook full of the addresses and dates of her brother 's deployments and assignments , as well as a picture of her brother . 
 together the three of them stared at the pieces of paper on the floor , but nothing made sense . 
 theory after theory was tossed out , but each one became more incredulous than the last . 
 `` well , as much fun as this is , i have a job that i need to return to . '' 
 quent rose from the floor , stretching his arms up over his head . 
 he bent down and put his hand on chloe 's shoulder . 
 `` keep at it . 
 i 'm sure you 'll come up with something . '' 
 she nodded back at him , her mind still going over the pieces and trying to put them back together . 
 jackson rose smoothly from the floor to walk quent out . 
 jackson opened the door as quent stepped out into the icy wind . 
 `` you 'll keep her safe ? '' 
 quent made sure that he made eye contact with jackson . 
 `` that 's a stupid question , '' he whispered . 
 `` you seem to know how i feel about her better than i do . '' 
 a hint of a smile tugged at quent 's lips . 
 `` i 'm going to go dig around in some files and pick some colleagues ' brains . 
 maybe i can come up with something . '' 
 `` good luck , sir , '' jackson said as he closed the door against the chill . 
 chloe looked up and out the window to see her mentor get into his car and drive away . 
 after a moment , jackson returned to the floor to sit with her and stare at the puzzle before them . 
 chapter 15 now that they were alone , chloe could n't distract herself from him . 
 there was a tightness in the pit of her stomach that she knew only he could satisfy . 
 fragments from the dream kept popping into her head . 
 the way he tasted . 
 the heat of his skin . 
 it made it hard to concentrate with him sitting within arms ' reach . 
 `` so , you 're a werewolf . 
 how long have you known ? '' 
 the words sounded even stupider than they did in her head as soon as they were out . 
 she blushed slightly , hoping to get him talking to distract her from the memory of the dream . 
 `` not long . 
 i had my first , what did quent call it ? 
 my first change last year in afghanistan . 
 it was n't exactly a pleasant experience . '' 
 jackson tightened slightly , keeping his eyes on the papers scattered across the floor . 
 `` oh . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 chloe suddenly felt incredibly foolish . 
 she knew she should have started the conversation with something safer , like religion or national politics . 
 `` actually , until today , i did n't know there were any others like me out there . '' 
 jackson reached for the suspicious letter , holding it up to the weak yellow glow of the overhead light . 
 he turned and smiled at her . 
 `` quent was my first werewolf , too . '' 
 chloe giggled . 
 `` i have to admit , i am never going to see him as a boring professor ever again . 
 it is going to make lectures that much more interesting . '' 
 jackson set the piece of paper back down on the floor and sighed . 
 `` i 'm not making any discoveries . 
 you down to take a break ? '' 
 chloe stretched her head from side to side , trying to loosen the muscles in her neck . 
 she was frustrated with the process . 
 she knew everything was there , but she just could n't see it . 
 maybe a little breather was what she needed . 
 `` sure , '' she said , flashing him a grin . 
 `` what 'd you have in mind ? '' 
 jackson rummaged around in his jacket pocket and pulled out a worn deck of cards . 
 `` you play poker ? '' 
 `` my brother tried to teach me once . 
 he got frustrated when i told him aces should always win . 
 do you know how to play gin rummy ? '' 
 jackson nodded and together they stood and went to the small table in the corner of the room . 
 it was a small , round wooden table with just the two threadbare chairs . 
 the way it was positioned in the corner , they had to sit next to one another , or move the table . 
 chloe was glad when jackson made no move to pull the table out . 
 `` do you always carry a pack of cards around with you ? 
 chloe asked as the two sat down . 
 under the small table , their knees touched gently . 
 neither one of them shifted . 
 chloe felt a surge of electricity flooding into her at the small point of contact . 
 she could only imagine how wonderful it would feel to have more than just their knees touching . 
 get it together , she told herself as jackson began to dole out the cards . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's a habit i picked up on my first deployment . 
 you never know when you 'll have some downtime , '' jackson picked up his cards and began sorting them in his hand . 
 chloe reached for her cards and froze . 
 in the middle of the table was a spider . 
 it stared up at her with six eyes , each one daring her to go for the cards . 
 she could swear the evil creature was grinning at her , fangs dripping with poison . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 jackson asked , his eyes searching her face and starting to shine with gold . 
 `` sp . . 
 sp . . 
 spider , '' she whispered . 
 chloe hated spiders . 
 her brother had thought it was funny to put fake ones in her bed at night when she was a kid and she would wake up screaming . 
 as much as she hated to appear like a weak girly-girl to jackson , she hated spiders more . 
 jackson chuckled , the glow disappearing from his eyes as soon as he recognized the threat . 
 `` i 've got it . '' 
 `` do n't kill it , '' chloe whispered , her eyes glued to the spider in case it decided to lunge for her throat . 
 jackson gave her a strange look and then smiled . 
 `` useful creatures for the ecosystem , right ? '' 
 chloe nodded . 
 just because she did n't want that thing in the motel room with her did n't mean she did n't appreciate their worth . 
 `` spiders kill other bugs that i hate more . 
 i just do n't want to wake up with it curled up next to me on my pillow . '' 
 with gentle hands , jackson scooped the tiny creature up . 
 `` unlock the door for me ? '' 
 chloe moved quickly , checking the window for anyone outside before unlocking and opening the door . 
 jackson stepped outside to where a small tree was waiting for spring and set the little arachnid down . 
 it scuttled off into the evening . 
 `` i ca n't believe you touched that thing with your bare hands , '' chloe said as jackson came back in and locked the door . 
 he grinned at her as he sat down beside her at the table . 
 `` that little guy ? 
 you should have seen the camel spiders we had in iraq . 
 you could put a leash on them and walk them like a dog they were so big . '' 
 chloe made a disgusted face . 
 `` my brother told me about those . 
 he said they 'll chase you . '' 
 `` my last deployment , there was this guy named gunther . 
 he was a big dude , worked out like crazy and too macho for his own good . 
 we were outside one day and he saw a giant camel spider and kicked sand at it . 
 that spider got up on its hind legs , '' jackson held his arms up in the air like he was going to attack and made a scary face that made chloe giggle . 
 `` then it chased him . 
 guy took off like a rocket and that spider just chased after him like he was going to eat him . 
 he ran around the garage twice before he realized the spider had stopped chasing him . '' 
 jackson stopped and got a devilish grin . 
 `` it did n't help that we kept yelling at him , ` it 's right behind you ! ' '' 
 chloe giggled . 
 jackson leaned back in his chair and smiled at her . 
 chloe 's heart sped up when he looked at her like that . 
 those brown eyes held her captive . 
 she could feel a blush starting to flirt across her cheeks and she looked away , trying not to breathe hard . 
 a heat was growing deep in her core , a craving to have him all to herself . 
 the overhead light flickered and then went dark . 
 `` wow , some room , huh ? '' 
 chloe commented , tilting her head toward the light . 
 jackson chuckled . 
 `` i 'll fix it . 
 it 's probably just loose . '' 
 he set his cards face down on the table and picked up his chair . 
 chloe was sad to feel his knee leave hers . 
 `` hey , no cheating and looking at my cards , '' he joked as he positioned the chair under the light . 
 `` come here and hold the chair steady for me ? '' 
 she made her way carefully through the dark room , holding her hands out in front of her until she touched his chest . 
 he was solid muscle and heat . 
 chloe was glad for the dark so he would n't see her blush or the look of desperate desire she knew flashed across her face . 
 `` sorry , i ca n't see in here , '' she mumbled , moving her hands to the back of the chair . 
 `` how 'd you get over here so easily ? '' 
 `` i 'm part wolf , remember ? 
 i see pretty well in the dark . '' 
 chloe closed her eyes and held onto the chair . 
 he definitely saw her blush then . 
 she could hear the sound of glass and metal tightening and the room was full of yellow light once more . 
 `` there we go , '' jackson said , smiling down at her . 
 the chair gave an ominous creak and jackson 's face fell just before the chair gave way . 
 `` oh , my gosh ! 
 are you okay ? '' 
 chloe cried , reaching toward him . 
 he glanced around , his butt on the floor amidst the pile of broken wood and what was left of the chair cushion , looking surprised . 
 chloe tossed the remnants of the chair back toward the door , going to her knees . 
 her hands went to his shoulders , her eyes full of concern . 
 his shoulders were warm and powerful beneath her fingers . 
 a current of electricity went through her , sizzling straight into the core of her stomach and making her ache for release . 
 she never wanted to let go . 
 her mouth went dry and then wet , desire flooding through her like their touch had broken the dam . 
 jackson looked up at her , his eyes searching her face and she knew he felt it , too . 
 like they were meant for one another . 
 like they were supposed to always be touching . 
 she bitter her lower lip , trying to decide what to do next . 
 if she let go of him she was afraid it would break the spell , but they could n't just sit on the floor in the rubble of the chair either . 
 `` chloe ... '' her name was like music when he said it . 
 the gruffness in his voice , the barely contained hunger made her insides tighten in the most delicious way . 
 his eyes flashed golden with desire as his hand went behind her neck and he pulled her to him , pausing for the briefest moment before putting his lips to hers . 
 fireworks exploded in her mind . 
 color and light as she kissed him with reckless abandon . 
 never had she wanted a kiss so badly , and never had one tasted so good . 
 the world stopped spinning . 
 she gave herself over to the kiss , letting her body overrule her mind and losing herself to him . 
 with a groan he pulled away , staggering to upright and away from her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i have to go , '' he whispered . 
 his eyes still flashed golden and he was breathing heavy as he reached for his coat . 
 she wondered for a moment if she had done something wrong ; if she did n't make his blood sing for more like he did for hers . 
 chloe shook her head , still lost in the golden wonder of his kiss . 
 `` why ? '' 
 jackson looked down at her as if is heart was breaking , his jaw hardening as he angrily slid his arms into his light jacket . 
 `` i need to go to the base . '' 
 chloe blinked back tears she did n't understand , rising slowly to her feet . 
 `` you 're going to leave me here alone ? 
 what if those men come back ? '' 
 jackson reached to his side and pulled out a small , black handgun from a concealed holster . 
 he carefully handed her the handle of the gun . 
 `` you know how to use one of these ? '' 
 his eyes were dark again and his brows pulled tight . 
 she nodded , unwilling to trust her voice . 
 `` good . 
 do n't unlock that door for anyone but me . 
 i 'll be back in a couple of hours . '' 
 he moved his hand as though he were going to touch her cheek , stopping as though he thought better of the motion . 
 with a click of the door he hurried out into the night , leaving chloe staring after him with the gun limp in her hand . 
 chapter 16 jackson hurried back to fort baskerville , flashing his id at the gate guard and then again at the newly placed guard on his building . 
 he barely felt the cold january night settling around him like a heavy winter blanket . 
 little snow flurries danced in fits across the sky , but there was n't enough snow to do more than frost the trees and make them sparkle . 
 the poor private had flinched when jackson growled at him , but held firm to needing to see id . 
 he slammed the door to his small office and flung himself into the desk chair , half hoping it would dump him on the ground and give him something to break . 
 the chair creaked , but it held . 
 jackson ran his fingers through his hair , wishing he had something stashed in the desk to take the edge of his emotions . 
 he could n't believe what he had just done . 
 he whined softly into his hands at the mess he had just created . 
 not only was the beautiful chloe in danger , he had gone and kissed her . 
 throwing his uncontrollable emotions into her life was the absolute last thing she needed . 
 if he lost his temper with her , even just once ... he was afraid he would kill her . 
 she needed him in her life like she needed a rabid dog . 
 yet , he could n't stop thinking about that kiss . 
 the taste of her lips . 
 the surge of his heart and the joy and hope that filled him . 
 the tingle her skin sent into the very core of his being , lighting a fire that made him hot under the collar . 
 she was smart and kind and had even made him smile and even laugh ; something he was sure was never going to happen after afghanistan . 
 jackson lifted his head to look at the picture of wolf squad still perched safely up on a stack of boxes . 
 the dead men 's eyes looked down on him , their frozen smiles unchanging . 
 he had gotten those men killed . 
 *** the fear in the sheikh 's eyes told him they had just walked into a trap . '' 
 -lrb- they made me ! 
 they made me ! -rrb- '' 
 the man shouted in pashto . 
 he pushed his wife against the wall , as if he were trying to keep her away from the windows . 
 `` it 's a trap ! 
 get back to the vehicles , quick ! '' 
 jackson yelled , motioning his teammates to the door . 
 that 's when hell started . 
 gunfire , explosions , and screams filled the air . 
 there was no escape . 
 the smoke was bitter in jackson 's nostrils and it stung his eyes . 
 he had to get his men out of there . 
 he had known this was a bad idea and now he had to make sure he got them out of there . 
 `` to the back , '' he commanded and his team worked they way to the rear of the house . 
 jackson took point , dearden behind him . 
 someone popped out of a house , a big rocket launcher propped on his shoulder . 
 the image was seared into jackson 's mind as the rocket came hurtling toward him . 
 someone screamed and the world flashed and went dark . 
 *** he squeezed his eyes shut , the memories of the men screaming searing across his eyes as if he were still standing in that godforsaken hut . 
 he could n't put her through that . 
 the beast inside of him was just too much of an animal to let it out near her . 
 if he hurt her , he would never forgive himself . 
 he already blamed himself for the death of his squad , but to add her to his death toll was more than he could even bear thinking of . 
 he needed to find a solution that would get him away from her . 
 a way to keep her safe . 
 he had already stretched his influence to get this position , so transferring was n't an option . 
 he sighed . 
 maybe if he could find something on her brother to make her stop looking , those goons with the guns would leave her alone ? 
 it did n't solve the problem of how to get himself away from her , but at least it got one of the two dangerous entities in her life away from her . 
 maybe with a little luck , she would just forget about him once she could focus on her brother . 
 jackson pulled the old laptop out of his locked desk drawer . 
 he had changed the lock himself from the standard one it had come with . 
 the computer booted quickly and he sat down logged onto the department of defense mainframe to try and find some answers . 
 he was surprised to find a file on his very first search query . 
 things were n't usually that easy , but he clicked on it anyway . 
 it was a series of orders for a blake madison to be on top secret orders to afghanistan . 
 as a linguist , it was n't that strange of an order . 
 but then jackson looked at the location . 
 the kandahar district . 
 there was no reason for a low-level dari linguist to be in a pashto majority-speaking area . 
 add on the ease of which he had just found this ` top secret ' document , and he smelled something fishy . 
 he paused , his fingers poised over the keys to type in another search , but he paused . 
 maybe if chloe thought that her brother was in afghanistan , she would give up her search into the lycan gene . 
 perhaps , he could even convince her that he was going to go look for her brother . 
 it would n't be that difficult to convince the army shrink that he was ` cured ' and ready to go on another mission . 
 he knew a colonel stationed in kandahar that would be more than happy to have him on his team . 
 the idea of lying to her made jackson 's stomach twist . 
 he would have to tell her that he did n't think the orders were real , but he hoped that maybe she would believe them anyway . 
 he just wanted her to be safe . 
 more than anything , he wanted her to be safe from the people looking for her and the animal within him . 
 he typed in a quick search to find more on the men who had attacked them . 
 he could n't find anything , but that did n't mean much . 
 the only thing he found on the tattoo was a unit named `` phoenix '' that had been under the command of colonel bronn at one point . 
 they were a rough group , but it probably just meant that a superior officer has tasked the men with getting the girl by any means possible . 
 he 'd seen some violent things in the name of state security . 
 he closed the laptop slowly and put it back in its drawer . 
 for a moment , he considered going back to the motel . 
 his pulse quickened at the prospect of seeing chloe 's face brighten as she opened the door for him . 
 maybe she would even kiss him , her lips warm against his after the cold of the night air ... he snarled and slammed his hand on the desk . 
 a small dent appeared in the shiny metal surface . 
 jackson groaned . 
 at least it was n't hand shaped , but his brand new desk was n't new anymore . 
 he could n't go back to the motel . 
 he should n't be with chloe . 
 she deserved so much better than a broken soldier with nightmares and the strength to break desks . 
 he was dangerous and she already had too much danger in her life . 
 he had to figure out a way to get away before he hurt her . 
 jackson glanced at a stack of paperwork waiting to be filed . 
 he did n't feel like looking at the intelligence reports right now . 
 he felt like howling at the moon with frustration . 
 he could n't do that right now either . 
 so instead , he unfolded the ancient cot in the corner of the room and moved a few boxes to create a little bed . 
 pulling his uniform jacket up over his shoulders , he closed his eyes and prayed he did n't dream of fire . 
 chapter 17 chloe found herself back in the red velvet room . 
 her lover was n't there yet , so she sat and waited on the bed , playing with the buttons on her shirt . 
 it was only a matter of moments before jackson strode through the door . 
 he wore a tan t-shirt and his military camouflage pants that accentuated his perfect ass . 
 elation went through her as she flew into his arms , savoring the feeling of his muscles wrapping her up . 
 he kissed her as though he had n't seen her in months . 
 it started slow and sensual with deliberated softness . 
 his tongue searched deliberately for hers , finding her mouth and filling it with exquisite sweetness . 
 his hands were warm on her skin as he pulled her into him , deepening the kiss . 
 her body pressed into his , feeling his strength . 
 he was hot to the touch and she knew it was because he wanted her . 
 he needed her . 
 she pushed her h * ps against his , feeling him harden against her . 
 she wanted him so badly it was making her shake . 
 with a delicate hand , she slid her fingers down his chest , down to where the bulge in his pants was growing . 
 he sucked in a breath , raw hunger filling his face . 
 she could see the muscles in his jaw tighten and his brown eyes darken with pure want . 
 chloe knew her face reflected the same desire . 
 jackson leaned forward , sliding his lips along her jawbone , down the arch of her neck . 
 soft nibbles and gentle flicks of his tongue sent shivers of delight down her spine as he worked his way down to her collarbone , his hands going to her br ** sts . 
 her clothes faded . 
 so did his . 
 she had a hard time not staring at the perfect male specimen before her , his hands cupping her br ** sts like they were treasures . 
 a low growl of want escaped his throat and jackson went back to kissing her shoulder , his thumbs strumming her n ** ples into sensitive nubs . 
 slowly , so slowly she thought she might go mad with desire , jackson kissed down her chest , kneeling before her to put her n ** ples at mouth level . 
 warmth enveloped her as he took her nipple into his mouth , massaging it with his tongue . 
 she gasped as he bit down , not hard enough to hurt , but enough to send electricity straight into her core . 
 it caused only pleasure , not pain ; she knew he would never hurt her . 
 jackson 's hands were hot on her h * ps as he sunk lower on his knees , kissing his way down her stomach . 
 with him , in this place , she was n't self conscious or nervous of her appearance . 
 she was beautiful in this dream world because that is how he saw her . 
 he looked up once , a smirk crossing his face before kissing her delicately on the apex of where her legs came together . 
 chloe 's knees threatened to buckle beneath her and jackson 's low chuckle filled the air . 
 he turned her h * ps with his hands , guiding her onto the edge of the velvet bed . 
 the cool , slippery fabric was the perfect contrast to jackson 's hard and hot muscles . 
 he pushed gently on her knees , spreading them apart and positioning himself between them as she lay back on the bed . 
 she could feel his eyes on her as he licked once , tasting her like ice cream . 
 she shivered with pleasure . 
 his tongue was warm and wet , finding her pleasure center in seconds and caressing it . 
 pulse after pulse of electric heat surged through her body and up her spine with ever flick of his tongue . 
 her back arched , forcing her h * ps to his mouth . 
 she wanted him more and more with every passing second . 
 power started to build within her , an ache that craved satisfaction . 
 her legs started to shake , her body taking control and leaving her mind to spin in bliss . 
 she opened her eyes to see his , glowing with golden want , and it sent her over the edge . 
 white hot pleasure seared through her core , spreading out to her fingertips and making her dizzy with lust . 
 her moan seemed far away as he kept up his relentless rhythm , forcing her to shake and spasm once again . 
 the ache to be filled was too great to ignore . 
 chloe reached down , threading her fingers through his dark hair , her eyes bright with pleasure . 
 i need you now . 
 the words were never spoken but they hung in the air as if she had shouted them . 
 he grinned , moving up onto the bed , his body only inches from hers . 
 she licked her lips , eyes focused on the thick , swollen member positioned at her entrance . 
 she would give anything to have him fill her . 
 to complete her . 
 he slid into her easily . 
 her shriek of pleasure met with his growl of satisfaction as their bodies joined , writhing and begging for more . 
 his h * ps worked back and forth , filling her again and and again , her moans of pleasure filling the air . 
 this was heaven . 
 he looked down at her and grinned , cupping the back of her neck with his hand and kissing her as he spun . 
 chloe was now on top of him . 
 she licked her lips , sitting up straight . 
 her hands went to his masculine chest , his n ** ples pebbling under her palms . 
 using her legs , she started to bounce , sliding up and down the length of his shaft . 
 jackson 's eyes rolled up into the back of his head , his mouth twisting in beautiful agony . 
 a whine of pleasure escaped his throat , spurring her on . 
 his hands dug into her hips , guiding her motions up and down . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 a fierce hunger and lust shone out , the golden glow returning and lighting his eyes as if a fire were building inside of him . 
 chloe could n't look away . 
 knowing that she was responsible for this level of want , that she was turning him on and giving him unfathomable pleasure made the heat in her own core grow . 
 he looked at her like she was the most beautiful and amazing creature on the planet . 
 his hands tightened on her hips , his manhood swelling within her . 
 chloe felt her body respond in kind , wanting to match his pleasure to her own . 
 it was so easy to climb the mountain of pleasure with him , so easy to find herself ready to come with him . 
 jackson 's eyes went wide , his entire body arching as he groaned with release . 
 he exploded inside of her , tipping her over the edge of her own pleasure to follow him . 
 her h * ps rocked against his and satisfaction she had never known before filled her . 
 slowly , she remembered how to breathe again . 
 her heart was ready to beat out of her chest as she leaned forward , pressing her br ** sts into his chest . 
 she kissed his cheek , the stubble rough against her lips . 
 his heart pounded against hers as they both gasped for air . 
 he kissed the tip of her nose . 
 his eyes were back to brown , but they held such lust that chloe felt her stomach flip with desire . 
 more ? 
 chloe asked silently , raising her eyebrows . 
 he grinned , looking down at where they were still joined . 
 she could feel him begin to harden again . 
 he laughed , deep and throaty , setting her world on fire again . 
 she was glad the night was just beginning ... *** chloe lay in bed , her eyes still closed and her cheeks flushed . 
 she did n't know it was possible to have such vivid dreams . 
 she could have sworn that jackson had been in her bed , their lovemaking the real thing and not just a nighttime fantasy . 
 her body even felt sore in all the right places . 
 she did n't want to open her eyes , afraid to spoil the illusion . 
 maybe if she kept them shut , he would walk out of the shower and tell her it was n't a dream . 
 a heavy pounding on the door made her groan . 
 `` chloe ? 
 it 's me , '' called a masculine voice through the wood . 
 jackson . 
 her eyes shot open and she bounded out of bed , grabbing the gun he had given off the nightstand and peeking out a hole in the curtains and then the peephole before unlocking the door and letting him in . 
 she flung open the door , and she almost launched herself into his arms before remembering that he had n't actually been there for her dreams . 
 he drew back as she stepped forward and she thought of how he had left suddenly after their kiss and left her to sleep alone . 
 she wrapped her arms around her , more to keep herself from doing something regrettable than from the cold . 
 `` i may have found something on your brother , '' jackson said , locking the door behind him . 
 excitement bubbled up in chloe 's chest . 
 maybe his disappearing for the night had n't been a complete waste after all . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 she asked , hope creeping into her voice . 
 she handed jackson back his gun and he carefully holstered it and then crossed his arms . 
 `` i found some top-secret orders for your brother to go to afghanistan . '' 
 chloe sat back on the messy bed and ran her fingers through her hair . 
 it was tangled from thrashing in her sleep , and so she untied it and combed it with her fingers . 
 it gave her something to do while she digested the information . 
 `` afghanistan ? 
 what about the file ? '' 
 chloe frowned and pulled her hair back into a ponytail . 
 it was still tangled , but at least it was n't as bad . 
 jackson 's brows came together , emotions darting across his face faster than chloe could register them . 
 finally , he sighed and dropped his arms to his side . 
 `` i do n't think the orders are authentic . 
 something about them is fishy and it does n't correlate with the other intel you 've dug up . 
 it may just be a false report to keep the info classified , but it is possible that he 's just in theater , '' jackson said . 
 his mouth was a thin line . 
 he had n't wanted to tell chloe they were fake , but he could n't lie to her either . 
 `` i see , '' she said quietly , looking down at the floor . 
 she took a breath and looked up . 
 `` thank you for looking . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 jackson nodded and went to reach for the door . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 you just got here . '' 
 chloe tried to keep the pout out of her voice . 
 even if he obviously did n't want to kiss her , she did n't want him to leave . 
 just having him in the same room made her feel better . 
 safer . 
 `` i ca n't stay , '' he said . 
 his voice was low and his face troubled . 
 he took a small step toward the door . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 chloe stood . 
 she did n't want him to leave . 
 they had shared a magical kiss . 
 chloe had never felt anything like it in her entire life ; they had a connection and she knew it . 
 she was n't about to just let him walk out and leave her hanging without at least a decent explanation . 
 his brow tightened . 
 `` i just ca n't . 
 it 's not safe . '' 
 his eyes pleaded with her to understand and betrayed that he wanted her just as much as she wanted him . 
 she stepped forward , slowly approaching him as though he were an unfamiliar dog . 
 `` i do n't want you to go . 
 ever . '' 
 she gave an embarrassed smile , and bit her lip . 
 `` chloe , '' he started , his voice husky . 
 `` this wo n't work . 
 we wo n't work . '' 
 `` i disagree . 
 the past two nights , i 've barely slept because of dreams of you . 
 i close my eyes to sleep , and there you are . 
 and the weirdest part , is that i know they 're true . '' 
 `` chloe ... '' `` i know that you like to sleep on the right side of the bed . 
 i know that you have a scar on your shoulder and one on your back . 
 i know that kissing your ear drives you crazy . 
 i know you have nightmares about fire , but that you are n't afraid of them when you 're with me . '' 
 she stopped just short of touching him , her green eyes wide and searching his . 
 with every word , his eyes had grown a little wider and told her that she was right . 
 she reached out and touched his chest where the bullet had entered his shoulder . 
 electricity traveled up her fingers , igniting a hot flame in her core . 
 she looked up at him and his eyes flickered golden . 
 the change was startling , but it did n't frighten her . 
 the wolf wanted her as much as the man . 
 `` chloe ... please , i do n't want to hurt you , '' he whispered , desperation and desire dueling in his voice . 
 she smiled and moved her hand to his cheek , feeling the stubble under her fingertips . 
 `` you 'd never hurt me . '' 
 he shook his head , but did n't pull away . 
 his eyes were golden and mesmerizing . 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 `` yes , i do . 
 i dreamed it . '' 
 this time , chloe did n't hesitate . 
 she just moved her hand to the back of his neck and pulled down , and rose to her tiptoes to kiss him . 
 the moon and the stars spun in her mind as their lips met . 
 galaxies collided and twirled , their light paling compared to the heat growing inside of the two of them . 
 it was even better than their first kiss , and chloe lost herself to it completely . 
 she pulled back after a moment , breathless and shaky . 
 jackson 's eyes still glowed with a golden light and his body was pressed against hers , warm and hard . 
 he searched her face , concern flitting across his features as he struggled to find words . 
 `` you saw what i did to those men , '' he finally whispered , but he did n't let her go . 
 his arms were wrapped around her , pulling her to him . 
 she nodded and nestled her head into the hollow of his shoulder where she could hear his heart . 
 `` yes . 
 i saw . '' 
 he pushed her gently away , putting his hands on her shoulders and peering into her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't control what 's inside of me . '' 
 the gold in his eyes glowed brighter for a moment . 
 `` the wolf is howling to get out , and i ca n't keep him caged . 
 `` then do n't , '' she said softly and reached a hand to his cheek . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i think the wolf likes me . '' 
 he closed his eyes and leaned into her palm , turning his head slightly to kiss the soft flesh . 
 she smiled and when he opened his eyes , he delicately took her chin in his hand and brought her lips to his again . 
 the passion and the heat was there again , this time a slow burn infusing both of them instead of an explosion . 
 chloe found her fingers going to the bottom of his shirt , slipping under the soft fabric and skimming along his perfectly sculpted abs . 
 the shirt was almost up to his shoulders when a knock on the door made them pause . 
 they both froze , hoping it was just the maid or someone with the wrong room . 
 the knock came again louder . 
 `` will one of you two please let me in ? '' 
 quent 's voice called through the door . 
 `` we should probably get that , '' jackson whispered into chloe 's ear and she nodded but made no effort to remove her hands . 
 he kissed the top of her forehead along her hairline and disentangled himself from her grasp . 
 she pouted as he stepped away and he grinned at her . 
 chapter 18 `` i have news ! '' 
 quent burst through the door as soon as jackson had it open . 
 he shook his head and carefully glanced about outside before closing it again . 
 chloe hoped the blush on her face and the thumping of her heart was n't too noticeable to the older were . 
 `` i spoke with the council , '' quent began as he shrugged out of his light fleece jacket , tossing it onto the single chair . 
 chloe still could n't get over the fact that neither jackson nor quent ever seemed cold . 
 in this weather , she was wearing a ski parka , not some flimsy little fuzzy thing . 
 `` jackson , you are to present yourself at the next full moon . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 trepidation made his voice quaver at the end of his question . 
 `` nothing bad , '' quent assured him . 
 `` the alpha of our pack is interested in meeting you . 
 you will need to take a lesson with one of the older weres to learn the ins and outs of being a full wolf , but since you seem to be able to control yourself currently , it should n't be bad . '' 
 `` and if i do n't go ? '' 
 jackson 's question hung in the air for a moment . 
 quent turned slowly to face him , his face serious . 
 `` you are not of our pack . 
 you are a lone wolf . 
 you can do what you please as long as you are not in our territory . 
 in our territory , you conform to the council and the alpha . 
 the consequences are severe if you do not . '' 
 quent frowned until jackson nodded . 
 `` i guess i have no choice . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 quent smiled and spun to face chloe . 
 his eyes were bright . 
 `` on your side of wolf business , i asked some questions around . 
 there have been rumors of a rogue were scientist at the base . '' 
 `` rumors ? '' 
 jackson looked skeptical . 
 `` you 're excited over rumors ? '' 
 quent gave him a withering look before turning back to chloe . 
 `` there have always been rumors of genetic testing going on at fort baskerville , but what if they were true ? 
 what if they were experimenting with the lycan gene ? '' 
 `` would something like that even be possible at that base ? '' 
 chloe asked jackson . 
 he thought for a moment , leaning back against the wall . 
 she had to focus not to stare at his broad shoulders tapering down to his hips . 
 `` it 's possible ... there are some pretty serious looking science station buildings set up across the compound from me . '' 
 jackson shrugged . 
 `` i guess i could see the appeal of a werewolf super soldier . '' 
 `` but my brother 's not a werewolf . 
 why bother with his inactive gene at all ? '' 
 she looked back and forth at the two men . 
 `` why not just find full weres ? 
 i 'm sure there are more than just our captain here in the military . '' 
 quent looked thoughtful for a moment and then shook his head . 
 `` if you wanted straight weres then , yes , a full active lycan gene would be best . 
 but , if you wanted to improve upon nature and were doing genetic modifications ... '' he paused and frowned . 
 `` the dormant lycan gene would be much better . 
 a full were 's genetic structure is already stable . 
 the lycan gene is n't . 
 if you wanted to have genetic material that is primed to be modified , the lycan gene is it . '' 
 `` so they would be doing experiments on him then . 
 modifying him . '' 
 chloe paled and sat down on the bed . 
 jackson went over and put his hand on her shoulder , his warmth spilling into her and giving her strength . 
 she reached up and held his hand , trying to keep the screaming voice of panic inside her head quiet . 
 her brother would be fine . 
 `` do you really think the orders are fake ? 
 i think i 'd prefer him in afghanistan now , '' chloe asked , looking up at jackson . 
 he shook his head sadly . 
 `` i figured . 
 that would be too easy . '' 
 chloe sagged slightly then straightened . 
 `` can you get us on base ? '' 
 jackson stepped back , dropping his hand and looking surprised . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` can you get us on base ? '' 
 chloe repeated . 
 `` we 'll break him out . '' 
 `` whoa , whoa , whoa ! 
 are you nuts ? '' 
 jackson knelt in front of her on the floor , putting both his hands on her shoulders . 
 the warmth was amazing . 
 `` first of all , we do n't even know that he 's on base . 
 second of all , that is a military base . 
 secured by men with guns who will look for any excuse to use them . 
 third , it 's dangerous . 
 you might have snuck on once , but they 've fixed that portion of the fence and have upped security . '' 
 chloe just raised her eyebrows and shrugged like he had simply read a grocery list . 
 `` no , '' he growled . 
 `` too dangerous . '' 
 `` but he 's my brother ! '' 
 she cried , her eyes filling with tears . 
 `` we have to do something ! 
 we ca n't just let them experiment on him ! '' 
 quent moved to stand behind jackson , the two of them frowning . 
 `` he 's right , chloe . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 her face fell and she struggled not to let the tears fall . 
 her throat was tight and not even jackson 's warm hands on her shoulders were making her feel better . 
 quent put one hand on jackson 's shoulder and the younger were turned his head up to look at him . 
 `` we need to know more , though . 
 can you sneak around a bit ? 
 peek into that science building ? 
 if there 's nothing there , then we 'll find a new lead . '' 
 quent asked . 
 chloe looked up , hope filling her face . 
 they were n't giving up ; they were just being tactical . 
 she had to admit that she was n't quite sure what they were going to do once they were on the base . 
 she just knew she needed to do something . 
 jackson frowned slightly , his dark brows coming together . 
 then he looked at chloe , her face full of hope and trust , and just a little bit of fire . 
 if he did n't help , she was going to do something rash . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll do it , '' he said finally . 
 chloe 's face lit up like a christmas tree . 
 `` thank you ! 
 thank you ! '' 
 she fell forward off the bed , wrapping her arms around his neck and hugging him . 
 he felt so good under her hands that she did n't care if quent saw or thought it was odd that she would hug him . 
 jackson laughed , carefully pulling her off of him . 
 `` i need to get some sleep first , though . '' 
 she flashed him a wicked grin and raised her eyebrows . 
 `` no , real sleep . '' 
 he shook his head at her and she sighed , rocking back on her toes before standing back up . 
 she glanced over at quent but he was busy looking at the files on the table . 
 `` you can have the bed . 
 i need to take a shower anyway , '' she announced , giving him a wink before sauntering off to the bathroom . 
 she made sure to swivel her h * ps just a little bit , and when she reached the door she turned to see jackson eying her appreciatively . 
 with a giggle , she disappeared behind the brown , wooden door and started the water . 
 chapter 19 the late afternoon sun filtered down , making the leftover snow sparkle and shimmer . 
 the trees were tipped with white and the gate guard 's breath frosted the air . 
 jackson barely felt the cold ; not that he did n't usually feel warm , it was just with the taste of chloe still on his lips , he did n't even need a coat . 
 he had slept a beautiful , dreamless sleep for the rest of the morning . 
 when he had woken up , quent was gone , but chloe was sitting at the small table working on her laptop with three books open beside her . 
 she had n't heard him as he slid out of bed and behind her , feeling her jump when he put his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` researching your brother 's condition ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she laughed . 
 `` no . 
 homework . '' 
 she grinned up at him and his heart soared . 
 even in the horrible motel lighting , her hair shone and her eyes sparkled . 
 he was still afraid he was going to hurt her , but it was impossible to feel anything but happiness when he was this close to her . 
 he would worry about the wolf later . 
 `` i 'll let you study , then . '' 
 jackson paused for a moment , and then kissed her head . 
 the simple token of affection felt strange and wonderful . 
 he had never been really been emotionally close enough to a woman to want to be affectionate . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll see you tonight ? 
 maybe we could do dinner or something ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` you got it . 
 i 'll bring something back with me . '' 
 jackson smiled at the memory . 
 he handed his id to the gate guard and headed off to his office , feeling more hopeful for the future than he had in months . 
 he did n't even hassle the poor private standing guard at his building this time . 
 he whistled softly to himself as he sauntered to his office . 
 stepping inside , he sniffed the air , making sure no one had been in to tamper with his things . 
 just because he was happier than he 'd been in a long time did n't mean that his old habits were going to disappear . 
 everything was exactly as he left it and he let himself relax for a moment . 
 the old chair creaked as he sat down and opened up the locked drawer and got out his laptop . 
 the fact that there were fake orders for the young sergeant concerned him . 
 it was a lot of trouble to go to in order to make someone disappear . 
 jackson worked on his laptop for a little over an hour , digging into the fake orders and searching for the men who had attacked chloe . 
 the more he dug , the less he liked what he was seeing . 
 it was as if blake madison had fallen off the face of the earth and the army was doing its best to keep him there . 
 other than the orders he had found the night before , jackson could n't pull up a single trace of him after his disappearance date . 
 as far as the men who had attacked them , they were still in the hospital . 
 they were ex-military . 
 dishonorable discharge after the debacle with colonel bronn in the middle east . 
 it made jackson nervous that bronn might be involved , but at least the men would n't be coming after chloe again until they got out of the hospital . 
 jackson glanced at the small clock on the lower right hand of his screen . 
 it was almost the end of the lunch hour , and he had been in his office long enough ; it would make perfect sense to anyone watching him for him to take a break . 
 he closed his laptop and carefully locked it away . 
 he grabbed his field jacket and went to take a walk around the compound . 
 the sun was shining brightly , making the snow sparkle like billions of tiny diamonds . 
 the world was crystalline and white . 
 his feet crunched against the hardened snow as he tread a well-worn path toward the science building . 
 ice gilded the pine needles surrounding the building and giant icicles hung from the roof like jagged knives . 
 the air burned his nose with the cold . 
 he flashed his id to the guard on the science building , knowing his rank would gain him entrance . 
 the heat inside was almost a shock to his system after the cold sunshine . 
 florescent light-bulbs buzzed overhead as he worked his way down the white hallway until it split . 
 a bathroom was straight in front of him with the hallway to the medical area on his left , and an unmarked doorway with a key-card access pad to his right . 
 jackson frowned slightly , unsure of what to do next . 
 without a key-card , he would never gain access . 
 he could hear someone washing their hands in the bathroom and he came up with an idea . 
 he opened the door and ran directly into a man wearing a white lab coat . 
 since jackson had been expecting him , jackson was able to discreetly swipe the man 's key card . 
 with an apology , the man continued out as jackson hurried into a stall . 
 he heard the man go to the doorway and curse . 
 then the dial of buttons . 
 `` hey , brad ... yeah , i left my card on my desk again . 
 will you come let me in ? '' 
 the man 's phone beeped as the call ended and then a moment later the door buzzed . 
 jackson waited until he heard it close solidly behind the scientist before exiting the stall . 
 jackson walked confidently to the door , sliding the scientist 's stolen badge through the reader as though it were his own . 
 the door clicked open and he stepped inside . 
 there was another long hallway , but the first door to the right was definitely a locker room . 
 he stepped inside . 
 three rows of ugly tan lockers filled the room . 
 spare lab coats of various sizes hung along a rack on the wall . 
 jackson carefully put one on , hoping to blend in with the rest of the scientists . 
 he looked around the small locker room , until he saw an office door with a cork board beside it . 
 he checked out the bulletin board of information ; there were various pictures of new staff and a giant calendar with holidays and birthdays written in neat handwriting . 
 the room was empty , so he carefully pressed down on the office door handle . 
 it pushed inward to a dark , nondescript little office . 
 the only thing in the room that was useful was two spare lab key-cards on lanyards by the door . 
 jackson put them in his pocket . 
 he had a feeling they would could in useful later . 
 closing the office door quietly behind him , he stepped back out into the empty locker room and then out into the hallway . 
 he walked past a lab with beakers full of various colored liquids , and then another with a giant spectroscopy machine . 
 luckily , the labs seemed to be deserted for the lunch hour and he was able to explore without detection . 
 a low humming , something human ears would n't be able to detect , caught his attention . 
 he followed the sound , finally ending in a darkened room with several computers and a large two way mirror . 
 he was on the non-mirror side and could see out into a lab . 
 the humming was louder on the other side of the glass , and he stepped up to peer through it . 
 three large cylinders full of water bubbled in a row in the center of the room . 
 wires and tubes ran out and into a computer next to each tank . 
 jackson blinked twice . 
 there were men in those tanks . 
 each man floated in a stream of bubbles , a mask over their mouths and eyes shut . 
 tubes of various sizes pressed into arms and legs . 
 jackson felt his stomach turn at the sight . 
 one of them had a wolf tattoo on his shoulder ; his brown hair waved gently in the water . 
 jackson felt sick . 
 he knew that that was blake madison . 
 `` is everything ready for tonight ? '' 
 colonel bronn asked , walking into the laboratory . 
 a small , nervous looking scientist followed him . 
 `` i want them ready for the full moon tomorrow . '' 
 jackson panicked for a moment before realizing he was behind the glass . 
 still , he went to the side of the room where he would n't be immediately seen . 
 `` yes , but , sir , i really must protest again . 
 this is n't safe for the subjects . '' 
 the scientist dry-washed his hands . 
 jackson could practically smell the fear and nervousness from the observation room . 
 `` they 're basically full weres on steroids at this point , but subjecting them to another round of the serum ... i just do n't think it 's going to be safe . '' 
 the colonel rounded on the smaller man . 
 `` did i ask for your opinion , doctor ? 
 no . '' 
 colonel bronn stood in front of chloe 's brother 's cylinder , peering up into the water at the floating man . 
 `` i need these men to be more than just weres . 
 these boys are going to win us the war on terror . 
 one night in the ` stan and these boys will have everyone riding a camel begging for them not to come back . '' 
 the scientist frowned and brushed a lock of light brown hair out of his face . 
 he was small and thin with a long nose and nervous eyes . 
 `` colonel , this is n't what i signed up for . 
 the whole point of my experiments was to help increase the were population , not to create monsters . '' 
 colonel bronn turned slowly and stared down the scientist . 
 it was only seconds before the man in the lab coat was sweating and looked like he was ready to roll on the floor to get away . 
 `` dr. hulsey , i do n't really care . '' 
 bronn said . 
 the doctor was visibly shaking . 
 bronn looked back to the tank , his face hidden from jackson . 
 `` these boys are soldiers . 
 they are weapons . 
 weapons you created . 
 this is the future of warfare . '' 
 dr. hulsey whimpered slightly and bronn 's attention returned to him . 
 the colonel stepped up to the smaller man , bronn 's large finger directly under hulsey 's thin nose . 
 dr. hulsey gulped audibly . 
 `` you best take care , dr. hulsey . '' 
 colonel bronn smiled coldly . 
 `` i 'm the one who makes sure you get your funding and that no one questions where you got your cross-species dna from . 
 you best make sure it stays that way . 
 you know what i do to people who cross me . '' 
 dr. hulsey looked ready to wet himself with fear . 
 `` please do n't send the squad at me ... '' colonel bronn patted him gently on the shoulder . 
 `` now , get back to work . 
 these boys are going to get me my general 's star . '' 
 the scientist whimpered again as colonel bronn removed his hand and looked back up at the giant test tube . 
 dr. hulsey scampered to one of the computers controlling the cylinders and began pressing buttons and reading the screens . 
 `` i 'll have them ready for you , sir . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 colonel bronn turned and walked from the room without another word to the shaking scientist . 
 as soon as he had left the room , the poor scientist leaned against one of the machines as though he had lost all the strength in his legs . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i tried , but ... '' dr. hulsey whispered , talking to the unconscious man in the nearest cylinder . 
 `` you 'll be all right , though ... '' jackson had seen enough . 
 he had found chloe 's brother and two other soldiers that needed rescuing . 
 his instinctive dislike of colonel bronn had been correct . 
 the man was only motivated by power . 
 jackson could see the allure of this project for him . 
 a squad of super soldiers under bronn 's control would advance him up the ranks and give him status and power . 
 it was a frightening thought . 
 jackson waited until the scientist was busy and had his back to the mirror before exiting the small observation room and heading back down the hallway to the changing area . 
 he neatly rehung his lab coat and found a locker with a matching name to the stolen key-card . 
 he dropped it casually on the floor by the locker , hoping the man would return and simply think he had dropped it changing . 
 he listened at the locker room door for a moment to make sure no one was coming before slipping out and hurrying out to the first locked door . 
 once out , he walked casually back outside . 
 the entire encounter had lasted less than fifteen minutes , but it was making jackson 's head spin . 
 the genetic testing on soldiers had him concerned , but what really bothered him about the whole discovery was that he was going to have to tell chloe . 
 he could only imagine the danger she was going to put herself in to save her brother and that terrified him more than anything . 
 chapter 20 chloe stared at jackson , her ears hearing the words but her brain struggling to comprehend . 
 the man had found her brother and something bad was going to happen to him if she did n't rescue him that night . 
 `` we 're going to save him , right ? '' 
 she asked , her voice much squeakier than she wanted it to be . 
 quent glanced over at jackson and then back at her . 
 `` of course we are . '' 
 quent gave her a reassuring smile . 
 she still felt like a tornado had ripped through her world . 
 ten minutes ago she had been trying to convince herself that blake really was just in afghanistan and that he did n't have a connection to the weres . 
 she knew it was n't true , but it was better than the alternative of her brother being used as a guinea pig in some werewolf lab experiment . 
 jackson put a hand on her shoulder . 
 just having him touch her made her feel calmer . 
 she was still trembling though . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 she nodded , though his frown told her he did n't believe her . 
 that was okay ; she did n't believe her either . 
 chloe put her hand on top of jackson 's , making sure he could n't pull away . 
 his hand was so warm beneath hers as his fingers tightened gently in a reassuring squeeze . 
 chloe took a deep breath . 
 `` okay . 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 she glanced back and forth between quent and jackson . 
 `` whatever we do has to be tonight . 
 bronn said he wanted the changes to be in place by the time of the full moon , '' jackson answered . 
 quent nodded . 
 `` if they are enhancing the genetic structure of the were gene , it would have to be done before the full moon transformation . 
 the gene is at its most volatile right before the change . '' 
 quent 's eyes went distant . 
 `` it may be our only chance to save them . '' 
 there was a moment of quiet as the three of them contemplated the results of a super werewolf under military control . 
 `` so , i 've only broken onto a military base once , but i 've never tried to get a person out of one . 
 how are we going to do this ? '' 
 chloe asked , sitting delicately on the bed . 
 she still kept jackson 's hand on her shoulder though . 
 quent 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` well , i have an old military uniform and i have a buddy who has ... '' `` how about we just use these ? '' 
 jackson interrupted , pulling the two id badge from his pocket . 
 `` these identify you as scientists on the base , so if you 're wearing them , you can get on base . '' 
 quent blushed slightly . 
 `` that is certainly a much easier option . '' 
 chloe took one of the cards in her hands and played with the plastic . 
 `` then what ? 
 we find my brother , get him and the other two out of that tube thing ; that much i know . 
 but then how do we get them off base ? 
 i do n't think the colonel or that scientist doctor person is going to be very happy about us just taking their science projects . '' 
 `` we 'll go tonight when most of the science staff has gone home . 
 we can use my truck to get them off base . '' 
 jackson crossed the small motel room and handed quent the remaining id badge . 
 `` what would happen to you if we get caught ? '' 
 chloe asked , her voice quiet . 
 she looked up at jackson with big green eyes . 
 `` probably a court-martial . 
 no big deal , '' he said , shrugging as if it were nothing . 
 chloe frowned . 
 `` if you do n't want to be a part of this , i would completely understand . '' 
 she said , holding up the id badge . 
 `` you got us these . 
 that 's more than anything i could have asked for . 
 i do n't want you losing your career for some girl you just met . 
 `` you 're hardly ` just some girl , ' '' jackson said without hesitation . 
 he looked at her with serious brown eyes . 
 she could see a world in those eyes that she wanted to be a part of . 
 they were warm and caring and made her feel alive . 
 quent cleared his throat after a moment and chloe felt her cheeks heat . 
 she wondered just how long she had gotten lost in jackson 's eyes . 
 `` then it sounds like we have a plan . 
 a flimsy one , but it 's the best we got . 
 chloe and i arrive with you and pretend to be scientists . 
 we break her brother and two other soldiers out of a dangerous lab experiment and bring them home , all while trying not to get you court-martialed . '' 
 quent shrugged . 
 `` sounds easy enough . '' 
 chloe giggled nervously . 
 when phrased like that , it sounded ridiculous , but she knew she was going to do it anyway . 
 her brother needed her and she had never let him down . 
 she was n't about to start now . 
 `` we ca n't bring them back here , though , '' jackson said , glancing around the small motel room . 
 `` three grown weres in need of a full moon change are not going to fit in this room . '' 
 quent nodded . 
 `` you are absolutely right . 
 we 'll have to take them to the changing grounds . 
 i 'll tell the alpha to expect company . '' 
 jackson growled . 
 `` i do n't think it 's a good idea to be broadcasting our intentions . 
 i 'm not comfortable with anyone knowing , even your alpha . '' 
 quent waved a hand dismissively . 
 `` i wo n't tell him exactly who is coming . 
 just to expect three new wolves about to change . '' 
 jackson 's still glared at him so he added , `` if we do n't tell him , we wo n't have access to the changing grounds . 
 if you have a safer place than 65 acres of uninhabited woodland , then i 'm all ears . '' 
 `` fine . 
 but no more details than necessary . 
 this is dangerous enough as it is , '' jackson grumbled . 
 chloe cleared her throat , the tension in the room higher than what she was comfortable with . 
 `` why is general bronn so invested in this project ? 
 should n't he be busy with base operations or something ? '' 
 `` it 's colonel bronn , and that 's why he 's so interested in this project . 
 the man in power hungry . 
 he 's young for colonel , but from what i know of him , he rose up the ranks quickly because he was ruthless . 
 he 's made it very clear that he wants to be a general someday , '' jackson explained . 
 chloe cocked her head . 
 `` so why not just wait for a promotion like everybody else ? 
 if he rose up this quickly , it should only be a matter of time . '' 
 `` the only way to become a general is to be nominated by the president of the united states and confirmed by the senate . 
 it 's very political and the spots are only available when a vacancy occurs , either through retirement or death . 
 can you think of a better way to distinguish himself and get that general 's star than to provide the army with a squad of super soldiers ? '' 
 `` but why this particular avenue ? 
 it seems a bit extreme . 
 why not just be a hero in a war zone or something ? '' 
 chloe asked . 
 jackson made a pained face as though her lack of military understanding was causing physical discomfort . 
 `` it 's not quite that easy . 
 he got into some trouble overseas . 
 screwed up big time . 
 an entire battalion under his command got too violent . 
 they started playing fast and loose with the rules , especially those concerning the treatment of the locals . 
 that 's why he 's now in charge of a base in the middle of nowhere . 
 he probably sees this as his last chance to earn that star . '' 
 `` so what you 're saying is , he 's desperate . 
 which makes him dangerous , '' quent spoke up quietly . 
 `` very . '' 
 jackson nodded and chloe felt herself shiver . 
 she had to get her brother out of there . 
 the small motel room went quiet . 
 chloe thought about her brother and the thought of losing him . 
 they were going to do something to him tonight . 
 jackson said the scientist had called him a were , and she was actually okay with that . 
 it was the fact that they were about to do something more that frightened her . 
 quent picked up his car keys and went to the door . 
 `` you two get things ready on your end . 
 i 'll go make sure the changing grounds are prepped . '' 
 `` we 'll meet at seven sharp . 
 i 'll tell the motel we 're checking out , '' jackson responded . 
 chloe picked up the picture of her brother from the table . 
 whatever happens , she promised the picture , i 'm not going to let anything bad happen to you . 
 chapter 21 jackson knocked gently on the motel door and chloe hurried over to open it . 
 the wind blew into the small room as she opened the door and old snow skittered around jackson 's feet . 
 he stomped his feet on the cement outside the door before stepping in . 
 it was a futile effort to keep the already disgustingly dirty carpet from getting dirty , but chloe appreciated the gesture . 
 `` well , the manager says the room is yours until seven , so you can take a shower and relax until it 's time to go , '' jackson said . 
 chloe nodded . 
 seven o'clock and the plan to break into the base felt a long ways away and she was starting to feel nervous . 
 jackson turned as though he was going to leave and chloe caught his arm . 
 `` will you stay with me ? 
 i mean , unless you have somewhere important to go or something , '' she added lamely . 
 his smile lit up the small room . 
 `` i 've got nowhere to be but here . 
 what would you like to do ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his eyes were cinnamon warm and when they focused on her she felt a heat growing in her belly . 
 `` we never did finish that game of gin rummy , '' she replied with a smile . 
 jackson glanced over at the small table and the one , lone chair . 
 she followed his gaze and quickly added , `` we can just play on the floor . '' 
 `` sounds good to me , '' jackson said , smiling as he sat down on the cleanest patch of carpet he could find . 
 chloe moved to sit cross-legged in front of him . 
 their knees were almost close enough to touch , and she could feel his heat radiating toward her . 
 chloe wished she could inch forward just enough to have his knee caress hers , but she did n't want to seem too pushy . 
 he pulled out the cards and began dealing . 
 the sexual tension in the room was almost unbearable . 
 every fiber of chloe 's body - every muscle , every bone , every nerve-wanted jackson . 
 she could n't understand the insane amount of attraction and it was taking every ounce of her willpower not to jump on him . 
 her lips tingled from where they had kissed , driving her mad with desire to feel it again . 
 `` so , '' she said , clearing her throat . 
 the room was too quiet and she hoped talking would distract her mind from the raging needs of her body . 
 jackson looked up from his cards , his dark eyes drawing her in . 
 she wished she had something to actually say , but his eyes stole all her brain power . 
 `` i really appreciate you doing this , '' she stuttered . 
 she organized the cards in her hand , hoping the blush was n't as obvious as she was afraid it was . 
 `` i mean , helping me with my brother . 
 it 's a lot of risk , and i would totally understand if you wanted to back out or ... '' `` i 'm not backing out . 
 i said i was going to help you , and i 'm going to . '' 
 he smiled at her and her heart skipped a beat . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean , thank you , but you barely know me . 
 why are you helping me ? '' 
 the cards shook slightly as she organized them a little bit more . 
 `` we should fix that - the barely knowing part , i mean , '' jackson said , avoiding her question . 
 after the dreams i 've been having , i feel like i know you pretty well , chloe thought , but she kept that to herself . 
 after all , they were just dreams . 
 chloe set her cards face-down on the floor and held out her right hand . 
 `` hi . 
 my name 's chloe madison . 
 i am twenty-three years old , single , and i like sweet wine and long walks on the beach . '' 
 jackson set his cards down and wrapped her small hand in his . 
 a tingle went up her spine at his touch . 
 `` the single thing is good considering earlier , '' he said with a wink . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i do n't know what came over me , '' she answered nervously . 
 probably the same thing that 's coming over me now , she thought . 
 he had n't let her hand go and she hoped that he would n't . 
 jackson released her hand and she could n't help the small sigh that escaped . 
 he stared at the floor between them , as if he had n't wanted to let go either . 
 `` we should probably just take things slow . '' 
 `` you are absolutely right . '' 
 chloe nodded . 
 `` so what about you ? 
 you twenty-three , single and like sweet wine and long walks on the beach , too ? '' 
 jackson chuckled . 
 the left side of his mouth came up in a crooked smile that made chloe swallow hard . 
 it was n't fair to put such a kissable smile on a man . 
 `` my name is jackson wolfe . 
 i am twenty-eight , single , and i like whiskey and hiking in the mountains . '' 
 jackson grinned at her , his eyes sparkling . 
 chloe could n't help but smile back . 
 `` it 's very nice to meet you , jackson . '' 
 a naughty smile caught her face . 
 `` so , do people ever call you ` captain jackson ' ? 
 or ` cap'n jack ' ? '' 
 jackson rolled his eyes at her bad rhyming and movie reference . 
 chloe laughed , and he pointed to the cards . 
 `` it 's your turn , '' he said . 
 `` right , my turn . '' 
 chloe picked a card and smiled . 
 she lay her cards out on the floor in front of her . 
 `` big gin . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jackson exclaimed , leaning over to look at her perfect hand . 
 he groaned and leaned back , shaking his head . 
 `` i think you might have just won the game . 
 you do n't even want to see the crap in my hand . '' 
 `` oh , yes i do ! '' 
 chloe exclaimed , leaning forward to grab his cards . 
 he quickly thrust his cards to the ground and covered them with his hands . 
 chloe got on her knees and began to try to pry his fingers off of the cards . 
 she managed to get several fingers lifted , but as soon as she freed them he simply shifted the cards to where she could n't get them . 
 chloe giggled and moved to his wrists , her face only inches from his . 
 realizing how close to him she was , chloe raised her eyelashes slowly , looking into jackson 's eyes . 
 they were rich with flecks of gold and cinnamon . 
 the heat in her belly was threatening to consume her . 
 she was n't sure who leaned forward first , but somehow she found herself in a glorious kiss . 
 she pressed her lips against his , feeling her blood sing as they connected . 
 his hands went to her hair and his fingers tangled within it as he pulled her into him . 
 she kissed him desperately , fire and want screaming through her senses as she tasted him . 
 he tasted even better than he had the first time . 
 she could n't get enough , could n't stop herself from taking him in . 
 with a groan he pulled away from her lips , but kept close enough that their foreheads almost touched . 
 he was breathing hard and chloe realized she was too . 
 jackson carefully put his fingers under her chin , lifting it gently so he could look her in the eyes . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you know what i am , '' he said quietly , answering the question that had n't been asked . 
 his eyes searched hers , a desperate hope shining though . 
 she smiled . 
 she knew he was afraid he would hurt her , and she knew in her heart he never would . 
 she did n't know how she knew , but she did . 
 she could feel it in her bones that he would die before he would harm a hair on her head . 
 `` i 'm more sure than i 've ever been , '' she whispered before leaning back in to kiss him . 
 his lips curled up in a slight smile as she kissed him , nibbling on his bottom lip . 
 a low whine of pure desire slipped out , and he scooped her up in his arms . 
 she barely felt the floor disappear as he lifted her . 
 he kissed down the side of her neck , sending goose bumps across her skin . 
 chloe arched her back , begging for more . 
 `` this is slow , right ? '' 
 she whispered as he kissed her collar bone and sent a fresh wave of desire into her core . 
 every touch was heaven . 
 `` snail 's pace , '' he answered , his voice low and full of heat . 
 the growl of his voice turned chloe on even more , making her muscles slacken . 
 she surrendered herself to his advances , allowing his tongue to dance all over her neck . 
 before she knew what was happening , he was setting her down gently on the bed . 
 however , she knew that for all the gentleness he was exhibiting , there was a part of him that was fighting within him for release . 
 an animal part of him that wanted nothing more than to rut with her in the most primal fashion . 
 the thought did n't frighten her . 
 if anything , it turned her on more . 
 the bed-springs squeaked angrily as the two of them lay on the bed , but chloe did n't care . 
 all she could see was jackson . 
 she had the most handsome man in the entire world and he wanted her . 
 chloe knew she was n't the type of girl that would sleep with a guy after just one date . 
 after zero dates , she told herself with a smile . 
 but there was no way she was going to say no . 
 her body craved his in a way that did n't make sense to her brain , but made perfect sense to every other part of her . 
 she needed him like she needed air . 
 she 'd never felt that way about anyone , but pressed up against jackson , she knew he felt the same . 
 she lay back on the bed , and he followed her . 
 his arms went to either side of her head and his h * ps ground at hers . 
 she arched her h * ps up to him , wrapping her legs around his . 
 he kissed her , letting his lips wander to her collarbone where he gave a small nibble . 
 she kissed his ear , running her teeth along his skin . 
 his stubble was rough against her lips , but he tasted so good she did n't care . 
 the groan of want and need from the dream echoed through the room and her heart surged . 
 it was even better in real life . 
 chloe 's hands went to the bottom of jackson 's shirt , feeling his muscles tense and harden under her fingertips . 
 he sat up on his knees , towering above her as he pulled the tan fabric over his head and tossed it carelessly to the floor . 
 her eyes followed his every movement as his muscles flexed and twisted . 
 every ab , every pec , even the v line diving into his pants was sexy and hot as hell . 
 chloe 's mouth watered with anticipation . 
 jackson looked down at her and licked his lips , lowering his head to give her a mind-bending kiss . 
 up to this point the dreams had been accurate , but this blew them out of the water . 
 his lips were soft and sensual as his tongue delved into her mouth , exploring and tasting her as if he did n't believe she was real . 
 this was better than the dreams and chloe knew it was only up from here . 
 she thrust her h * ps up , grinding her pelvis against his , wanting him more with every second . 
 there was an urgency that the dreams did n't have , a realness that made her body ache for visceral satisfaction . 
 in dreams time did n't matter , but in reality , she was n't sure she could wait before she exploded with want . 
 jackson touched her breast , cupping the shirt and bra and pressing . 
 she wanted his fingers on her . 
 he pushed his h * ps down against hers , and even through their pants , she could feel him growing . 
 hardening . 
 his desire for her was obvious . 
 chloe reached for her shirt , wiggling it over her body and over her head . 
 it tangled on her arms , pinned as she was by jackson 's body against the bed . 
 he pressed down on her arms , holding her in place . 
 his breath was hot on her neck as he dropped soft kisses on her skin . 
 she squirmed beneath him , but her arms were firmly stuck above her . 
 his tongue skimmed the edge of her bra , hot and wet . 
 a shiver went through her at the delicate touch and goosebumps raised on her arms . 
 chloe wished that her clothes would just dissolve like they did in the dreams . 
 there was too much fabric between her body and his . 
 she wanted to growl with frustration and rip his pants from his body . 
 as much as she loved being pinned , subject to his desire , she wanted to touch him . 
 run her fingers across his skin and feel him flex . 
 with a soft smile he pulled on the shirt , freeing her arms . 
 her hands went to his back , feeling his muscles flex . 
 they were hot and hard , just like the rest of his body . 
 jackson slid a hand underneath her , pulling at the clasp of her bra . 
 it was free in a moment , and she shrugged out of it to bare herself to him . 
 the air was cool on her skin . 
 he growled a low noise of appreciation , circling his tongue in a wide circle around her aureola . 
 chloe arched her back up to him , giving him complete access . 
 she wished he would just take her in his mouth , but he continued to tease her with slowly shrinking circles . 
 finally , his mouth opened at the end of his smallest circle and he took her breast into his mouth . 
 she let out a gasp of pleasure . 
 his mouth was warm and soft as he suckled , but his stubble scratched at her delicate skin . 
 it was the perfect combination . 
 her fingers ran through his hair as she pulled him into her . 
 she wanted him to not only taste her , but to devour her . 
 he reached his hand to cup her neglected breast , strumming his thumb across her pebbled nipple like a guitar . 
 the imaginary strings running through her began to vibrate her entire body with every stroke . 
 the hand not busy sending her breast to heaven slid down her side and then to her center to fumble with her pant 's button . 
 it took a few tries but he undid the button . 
 she raised her h * ps as he tugged on the waistband , sliding them down to her thighs . 
 his mouth skimmed lower , releasing her breast and kissing softly down her ribs to her stomach . 
 chloe had never felt as hot and bothered as she did under his touch . 
 a flush was growing across her chest as the heat growing in her belly threatened to consume the bed in flame . 
 he kissed the top of her underwear , tugging on her pants as he continued to work his way lower . 
 she wiggled as he removed her pants , sliding them over her feet . 
 he pulled each sock from her foot , leaving her wearing nothing but her underwear on the threadbare bed spread . 
 his hands began to work up her legs , his fingers going to pull the underwear down as well . 
 `` hey , that 's cheating , '' she managed to say , sitting up on her elbows to look at him . 
 `` you have way more clothes than i do . '' 
 he grinned , standing on the edge of the bed and quickly undoing his belt . 
 chloe had never seen someone undress so quickly . 
 in the blink of an eye , he was wearing nothing but his boxers and she could clearly see just how excited he was . 
 she bit her lip at the sight . 
 anticipation and lust flooded her veins . 
 together , they slid off their underwear , finally fully nak * d. thrills ran through chloe and her heart pounded in her chest . 
 there was now an immediacy that the dreams did n't have . 
 she could feel everything in a way that made the dreams pale in comparison , and they were good dreams to begin with . 
 he was so damn sexy she could barely stand it . 
 the bed creaked slightly as jackson put his knee up beside her , his hand caressing her leg and he came in for a kiss . 
 his lips crept from hers , working down her neck to her shoulder . 
 `` you smell so damn good , '' he said , his voice low and full of masculine want . 
 just hearing the words made her body respond . 
 she did n't want to wait anymore . 
 `` jackson , i need you ... '' she whispered . 
 his kisses stole her words and the bed groaned slightly as he put his full weight on it . 
 chloe spread her legs as he leaned over her , his arms on either side of her body . 
 his biceps were huge and and delicious . 
 she wanted to touch every inch of him . 
 his throbbing member stood ready at her entrance and she was about ready to vibrate into oblivion . 
 she wanted him . 
 needed him . 
 their eyes locked and jackson 's began to shine with a golden light . 
 he frowned , looking away and trying to pull back , but chloe would n't let him . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck , pulling him into a kiss as she snaked her legs around to hold him against her . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you , '' he whimpered , trying to escape her grasp . 
 `` you wo n't , '' she whispered with a smile and looking deep into his golden eyes . 
 `` the only way you 're going to hurt me is if you leave me like this . '' 
 his eyes darkened but he did n't move . 
 she put her hand to his cheek . 
 `` please ... '' `` chloe ... '' he groaned as he entered her . 
 it was even better than she had thought it could possibly be . 
 she fit him like a glove , like he was made for her . 
 every thrust of his h * ps as he dove deeper and deeper into her sent jolts of pure pleasure down her spine . 
 he filled her to the point of breaking and she wished for more . 
 he looped his arms behind her back , pulling her into a sitting position on his lap . 
 his palms were hot against the skin of her back . 
 chloe 's hands wrapped around his shoulders and back , finding the thin scar she had seen in her dreams . 
 it thrilled her to know it was real . 
 that the dreams were real . 
 jackson rocked his h * ps in a fluid motion , working his way ever deeper inside . 
 his hand went to her cheek and gently pulled her to look in his eyes . 
 chloe could feel the animal inside of him struggling to break out . 
 she wished he would just lose control , take her and not hold anything back . 
 an orgasm was rising from deep within her , a pleasure that skipped and danced along her spine and sent tendrils of blazing bliss into her fingers . 
 her toes started to curl and she felt as though she might shatter into a billion pieces of beautiful light . 
 `` jackson , '' she gasped . 
 his name filled her and she breathed him in like oxygen . 
 he growled , flipping her back onto the bed . 
 she could feel the lust emanating from him in waves as he began to pound at her , slamming himself into her . 
 she gasped and clawed at his back for more . 
 she writhed and moaned , his body pressing against hers with delicious heat and strength . 
 his muscles began to tense and his eyes glowed brighter than she had ever seen them . 
 he was so beautiful , his eyes so deep and wonderful that she could n't look away . 
 he was breathing hard and pressed his face down to her shoulder . 
 his teeth grazed the delicate flesh before he turned and growled into the pillow . 
 chloe could feel him swelling with in her and she bucked her h * ps to meet him . 
 she wanted him more than anything . 
 wanted this . 
 he began to thrust without rhythm , spurred on by pure pleasure . 
 she cried out , her body rising with an orgasm to match his . 
 she shook with pleasure , both his and hers , as it coursed through her . 
 the world spun and stopped at the same time . 
 light and dark collided and showered her world with colors that she could n't even name . 
 when she finally remembered to breathe again , all she could feel was jackson . 
 he was breathing hard against her and his heart pounded against her chest . 
 it was wonderful . 
 she kissed his cheek and he smiled . 
 a piece of fluff from the pillow he had bit was stuck to his lip . 
 she carefully moved it with her thumb , loving that he had been so into her that he had destroyed a pillow in his lust . 
 he kissed her hand gently as it passed by his lips . 
 with a groan of satisfaction , jackson rolled to his side , freeing chloe . 
 he offered his arm and she nestled immediately into him . 
 he was so warm and strong and she felt so perfectly content it was hard to believe this was n't a dream . 
 she was only sure it was n't when she stifled a yawn . 
 `` sleep . 
 i 'll wake you up when it 's time to go , '' he whispered . 
 his words danced across her skin and she drifted into a dreamless sleep . 
 chapter 22 chloe dozed gently beside him as jackson stared at the ceiling . 
 he could n't believe what he had just done . 
 it had been wonderful . 
 spectacular . 
 the best , and most fulfilling sex of his life even , but he wondered if it was worth it . 
 just being with him put chloe in danger . 
 he did n't dare fall asleep beside her for fear of the nightmares . 
 he woke up angry and afraid after each dream and often broke things . 
 he 'd been through more nightstands than he cared to think about . 
 if he fell asleep with chloe and had a nightmare ... he shuddered to think of what would happen . 
 chloe took a deep breath and turned onto her side , cuddling up into him . 
 he wrapped his arm around her , and she nestled deeply into the hollow of his arm . 
 she fit so perfectly there it seemed as though she was made for it . 
 jackson was at a loss . 
 he was head over heels for this sassy , smart , little brunette and because of that , he wanted to keep her safe . 
 and he was dangerous . 
 she claimed that he would never hurt her , that she knew it from the dreams . 
 he 'd had those same dreams , but he still was n't sure . 
 he knew the strength of the beast within him . 
 he knew what happened when he unleashed it . 
 she did n't . 
 he took a deep breath , and his nose filled with her scent . 
 it was mixed pleasantly with his own and just the thought of joining with her again made his blood begin to pump . 
 he wanted to find a way to stay away from her , to keep her safe from him , but he did n't know how . 
 now that he had tasted her , there was no way he would ever be able to live without her . 
 night darkened the sky outside , but jackson could still see the room as if it were noon . 
 he did n't know what to do . 
 he had to keep her safe , but he knew he could never be apart from her again . 
 chapter 23 chloe 's heart was tap dancing away at a breakneck pace . 
 somehow though , she managed to smile at the gate guard and show him her id . 
 she nearly wet herself when the gate guard frowned and inspected her card , holding it up to the light and turning it over to check the back . 
 after the longest minute of chloe 's life , the guard finally handed it back to her . 
 he had barely glanced at quent 's id badge and the extra inspection of her badge was making her sweat . 
 jackson had already driven through before them , and was trying to move slowly enough that they could catch up to him without it being obvious that they were following him . 
 jackson 's truck would draw less suspicion parked in his usual lot , so he was going to show them where to park for the science building before parking his own car and doubling back to meet up with them . 
 without him in the car , chloe was suddenly doubting their odds of success . 
 jackson did a slow loop through a partially plowed parking lot before heading off . 
 quent parked the car in the corner of the lot just like jackson had told him to , letting the engine idle while they waited for him . 
 quent had given chloe control of the thermostat since he never seemed to be cold , but she could n't seem to decide if she was hot or cold . 
 her stomach was burning up , but her hands were like ice . 
 she took a deep breath and nearly screamed when jackson rapped on her window . 
 `` holy crap , you 're fast , '' she hissed under her breath as she stepped out into the cold night air . 
 the almost full moon flitted fitfully behind clouds . 
 a storm was supposed to roll in , dropping a couple of inches of fresh powder before morning . 
 it certainly smelled like snow : cold and metallic with just a hint of moisture . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 jackson caught chloe 's eyes and she nodded . 
 she wished she could just look into his eyes for the rest of the evening . 
 there was no fear when she was there . 
 `` remember , act as though you belong . 
 the cameras are always watching , but if you do n't look out of place , no one will ever look at you twice . '' 
 chloe nodded , her movements jerky . 
 jackson took her hand in his , giving it a gentle squeeze before they were close enough to be seen by a security camera . 
 she took a deep breath , telling herself that this was only a jail sentence if she got caught , and stepped into the building . 
 the first hallway reminded her of an old doctor 's office . 
 it was white with horribly outdated posters of men in uniforms bravely getting their vaccinations . 
 she ignored them , walking ahead of the two men , straight to the end of the hallway , and turned left . 
 there was no key card slot on the door and she felt a moment of panic . 
 `` over here , '' quent whispered and she sheepishly turned around . 
 quent scanned his card and the three of them stepped into the science hallway . 
 jackson led the way , walking confidently into the locker room and going to the wall with the lab coats hanging . 
 he handed one to quent and chloe before putting one on himself . 
 chloe thought he looked rather handsome in his . 
 he could have been a very attractive scientist if he had chosen that career . 
 jackson led again , guiding them swiftly and quietly down the florescent hallway to the small room he had discovered earlier . 
 so far so good , chloe thought as jackson pushed open the door to the empty observation room . 
 so far , the only person she had seen on base other than jackson and quent had been the gate guard . 
 a little rush of hope flooded through her that this might actually work out . 
 once inside the observation room , chloe gasped . 
 she put her hands on the glass , her face paling as she saw her brother for the first time in six months . 
 he hung suspended in his giant glass tube , the blue water bubbling as he breathed through a respirator . 
 her heart was in her stomach and she really wanted to punch the teeth in on whoever had put her brother into a giant test tube . 
 next to her brother 's tank were two more tanks . 
 each had another nak * d man floating . 
 one was pale and blonde and the other was jet black hair and tan skin . 
 a computer system was attached to each tank with a screen filled with heart rate squiggles and other measurements that chloe did n't recognize . 
 along the back wall was a series of storage and file cabinets and a large stainless steel desk that looked like it was welded into the concrete floor . 
 jackson tried the door leading to the observation room , but it was locked . 
 chloe barely glanced at him as he pushed on the door , her eyes locked on her brother . 
 with a slight grunt , jackson forced the door open , nearly tumbling into the empty experimentation area . 
 chloe flashed jackson a grateful smile , her hand grazing his shoulder in thanks as she hurried past him . 
 she went straight to her brother 's tank , looking up at him through the water . 
 if she had been strong enough , she would have pummeled the glass and pulled him out herself . 
 he floated nak * d in the water , his face peaceful as though he were just sleeping . 
 tubes of various sizes ran out from his arms and legs with a one big , long one implanted in his arm and stretching up out of the tank . 
 a red , evil looking liquid rested ominously in an iv bag connected to the long tube . 
 the other two soldiers had matching bags hanging . 
 just seeing the bag full of blood red liquid about to be injected into her brother gave chloe the creeps . 
 `` i 've got you , blake , '' chloe whispered . 
 her fingers closed around a yellow release hatch when quent 's hand clamped down on her wrist . 
 `` do n't , '' he said . 
 she looked up at him , startled . 
 she had thought he was still looking at the computers in the observation area . 
 `` he 's in that tank for a reason . 
 you do n't know what pulling him out is going to do to him . 
 if we are going to get him out , we have to make sure we do n't kill him in the process . '' 
 chloe 's hand released the handle like it was hot . 
 blake did n't move ; his brown hair floated in the water like he was simply swimming . 
 she stepped back , pale and trembling , her eyes going to the red liquid . 
 she did n't know when it was going to start pumping into her brother . 
 she knew quent was right , but that did n't take the queasiness from her stomach . 
 chloe wanted her brother out and safe with her now . 
 quent let go of her hand and moved to the computer display attached to the tank . 
 he poked at the touchscreen carefully , going through the menus and settings . 
 chloe peered over his shoulder anxiously until he turned and gave her a pointed look . 
 with a slight blush , she backed up and let him work without someone looking over his shoulder . 
 jackson had done something to the mirror along the wall so that now chloe could see into the observation room . 
 he had also placed a chair under the handle of the door so that no one would be able to enter the way they had come in , and now he was standing guard by the main entrance to the lab . 
 chloe felt useless . 
 quent was busy with the tank computer and jackson was on guard duty . 
 she did n't trust herself not to break the other tank computers , so she just began wandering around the lab . 
 there was a messy desk in the corner of the lab with papers scattered across the steel surface , so she walked over to look at them . 
 perhaps there would be something there she could use . 
 she picked up a piece of paper , reading the blood work readout . 
 nothing stood out , but she froze anyway . 
 there was someone hiding under the desk . 
 `` jackson , '' she called out , trying to keep her voice steady . 
 `` would you come look at this ? '' 
 jackson frowned and motioned to the door . 
 she shook her head , eyes wide , and pointed down at the desk . 
 `` i think you need to see this . '' 
 jackson 's mouth made an `` o '' shape as he realized what she was meaning . 
 he nodded , pulling his weapon from inside his jacket . 
 she swallowed hard and tried to maintain her calm . 
 whoever is under there is probably more scared than you , she told herself . 
 it seemed to take forever for jackson to get to her . 
 he handed her the weapon and went to the side of the desk . 
 chloe was n't sure what he was going to do , but she pointed the muzzle of the gun at the desk . 
 she was glad to see she was n't shaking too badly . 
 jackson walked quietly around the desk , lunging at the last second and hauling a very frightened scientist out and onto the desk . 
 lab results went flying as jackson pinned the small man to the desk . 
 the man whimpered and whined , barely struggling under jackson 's hands . 
 `` please , please do n't hurt me . '' 
 jackson picked him up by the front of his shirt and threw him into the chair . 
 the poor scientist seemed dazed as he adjusted his glasses and nervously adjusted his shirt . 
 he was a small man , barely taller than chloe , with wispy brown hair that was combed to cover a bald patch on the back of his head . 
 a pair of wire rimmed glasses perched precariously on an oversized nose , the lenses distorting his brown eyes and making them seem bigger than they were . 
 the man whimpered , his eyes going back and forth from gun in chloe 's hands to jackson 's fearsome stance . 
 he sniffed the air and decided that jackson was the bigger threat . 
 `` you 're a were ... like me , '' the man said nervously . 
 he chewed on the inside of his cheek . 
 quent had stopped messing with the computer and had walked over to look at the scientist . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 his voice was low and gruff . 
 the scientist swallowed hard and his eyes focused back on jackson . 
 `` this is my lab . 
 please , you have to help me . 
 i ca n't stop him . '' 
 quent came alongside jackson . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 the disgust and contempt was evident in his voice . 
 the man nodded vigorously , causing his glasses to slide down his nose . 
 `` good . 
 then you can show us how to undo this . 
 get them out . '' 
 jackson 's voice was ice cold . 
 the scientist dry-washed his hands for a moment before quent growled . 
 he then hopped to his feet , scurrying over to blake 's tank . 
 quent stood behind him , watching his every move as the scientist pressed buttons . 
 `` i just need to disconnect the monitoring , then the hydro-system , '' the scientist murmured . 
 the water tank gave a small chirp and the water started to drain . 
 blake settled gently to the bottom of the tank ; when the water was gone , the lid opened with a quiet hiss . 
 `` blake ! '' 
 chloe cried out as she rushed to his side , pulling the ventilator mask from his face . 
 `` chloe , get back ! '' 
 jackson yelled , running to her side and pushing her away and taking her place . 
 chloe 's face crumpled in confusion and anger . 
 suddenly , blake 's arm shot up , the fingers clasping tightly around jackson 's throat . 
 blake 's irises glowed golden through blood shot eyes and he snarled . 
 chloe gasped . 
 his teeth were sharp and pointed . 
 jackson did n't move , his own eyes flashing golden for a moment . 
 blake immediately released his grip , his head falling back into the tank as though his energy were completely drained . 
 jackson rubbed at the red mark around his throat before turning to chloe . 
 `` he 's okay now . 
 let 's unhook him , '' he told her quietly . 
 she nodded , her skin pale and mouth thin . 
 she could only imagine what would have happened if it had been her throat blake 's fingers had closed around . 
 jackson had his wolf strength to protect him ; she would have been squished like a bug . 
 her hands shook as she pulled off ekg monitor stickers and pulled out the various wires and tubes from blake 's arms and legs . 
 he barely bled as his skin healed up over the holes as quickly as she took the tubes out . 
 she was glad to see his teeth had gone back to their normal size and his eyes were their usual green again , though still bloodshot . 
 jackson lifted chloe 's brother from the tank as soon as he was free of the tubes and monitoring devices . 
 as soon as he was on the cold , white floor blake started to shake . 
 chloe wrapped her lab coat around him , murmuring soft words and holding him to her . 
 he clutched at her arm , his muscles tight as he slowly awoke from his drug-induced sleep . 
 leaving chloe to care for her brother , jackson turned to face the scientist . 
 they were about to get some answers . 
 chapter 24 jackson rubbed at the quickly disappearing red mark on his neck . 
 he did n't know how he knew that blake was going to wake up violent , but somehow he did . 
 he did n't really care how he had known though , just that he had been able to get to chloe in time . 
 the image of her brother 's fingers wrapping around chloe 's neck flashed through his mind and he shook it away . 
 he had kept her safe . 
 chloe had her white lab coat wrapped around her brother as she murmured gentle words into his ear . 
 `` it 's okay , blake . 
 i 'm here . 
 i wo n't let anything bad happen to you . 
 you 're okay now ... '' jackson shook his head . 
 they still needed to get the other two soldiers out of their tanks and the three of them somewhere safe . 
 he turned to the scientist . 
 quent was looking at the trembling man as though he might rip him limb from limb . 
 jackson had seen that look before in the field . 
 some marines had once gotten a hold of a prisoner they thought had information . 
 jackson needed to get control of the situation before quent injured the man . 
 jackson stepped around to get between the scientist and quent , then leaned casually against the machine . 
 the scientist reeked of fear . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked politely . 
 `` herbert , '' the man whispered and licked his lips anxiously . 
 `` dr. herbert hulsey . '' 
 jackson gave herbert a warm smile . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , herbert . '' 
 behind him , he could feel quent bristling . 
 `` now , herbert , what my friends and i would really like to know is why that man over there smells like a were ? '' 
 jackson nodded in blake 's direction . 
 `` i activated the lycan gene . 
 using the formula , i activated it , '' herbert stuttered . 
 jackson could smell the fear coating the man . 
 he did n't want to push too hard , or the scientist was going to break down and panic . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 quent roared , lunging forward for the man . 
 jackson caught quent by the shoulders and held him for a moment before letting him go . 
 herbert looked ready to mess himself with fear , if he had n't already . 
 `` quent , '' jackson said calmly . 
 `` would you please go help chloe and her brother ? '' 
 confusion washed over quent 's face , but jackson just raised his eyebrows and pointed his head toward chloe . 
 `` fine , '' quent growled , giving herbert a dirty look as he passed him . 
 jackson made a small noise to get herbert 's attention again , and then smiled . 
 `` now , then . 
 you said you activated the lycan gene . '' 
 jackson let his eyebrows come together in a friendly question . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 herbert glanced nervously at quent , swallowing hard and then inching closer to jackson . 
 `` our population is dropping . 
 we keep interbreeding with non-carriers and having non-shifting children . 
 it 's only a matter of time before the blood line runs out , '' he explained , his eyes pleading with jackson to understand . 
 `` i see . 
 you thought you were helping the were species , '' jackson replied . 
 the scientist nodded emphatically . 
 `` yes ! 
 i had to do something to keep us from going extinct ! '' 
 herbert pushed his glasses back up on his nose . 
 `` i have never been a very good wolf , but i thought i could help my species out this way . '' 
 jackson made an understanding noise in his throat . 
 herbert was possibly the most bottom-of-the-rung , omega wolf he could have imagined . 
 jackson felt a bit of sympathy for him ; he was the lowest of a wolf pack , but he had still wanted to help his people . 
 it was misguided , but herbert had only wanted to help . 
 `` how exactly did you turn them ? '' 
 jackson asked softly . 
 if herbert had been in wolf form he would have been rolling on his back and showing jackson his stomach . 
 `` the serum . 
 i perfected it using my own were dna . '' 
 herbert pointed to the red substance in the iv bags . 
 `` it took years of effort , but it 's a success . '' 
 jackson gave herbert a slight frown . 
 it was just disapproving enough to convey disappointment , but not strong enough to scare the man . 
 jackson needed information more than he needed to frighten him . 
 `` and you sold it to the government ? '' 
 herbert shook his head vehemently , his glasses sliding down his nose again . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 they were the only ones who would fund me . 
 i did n't realize they were going to give them so much serum ... i did n't think they were going to make them more than just weres who happened to be soldiers . '' 
 `` what did you think was going to happen ? '' 
 quent snapped , standing from chloe and her brother . 
 his eyes were golden and angry . 
 herbert crouched lower , his shoulders hunching and his face crumpling . 
 jackson glared at quent ; they still needed information from the man . 
 with a kind smile , jackson put his hand on herbert 's shoulder , feeling him flinch at his touch . 
 `` i understand . 
 you did n't mean for any of this to happen . 
 you were just trying to help . 
 and now you can , '' jackson said . 
 herbert looked up , his eyes full of hope . 
 `` i can ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 first , i need you to help quent here get these other two soldiers out . '' 
 jackson nodded his head toward the other two tanks where the other soldiers floated in their liquid cages . 
 `` then we need to get them off the base . '' 
 `` yes , yes ! 
 of course ! '' 
 now that the man had a purpose , a new energy filled him . 
 he went quickly to the computer of the nearest soldier and began to shut them down . 
 this time quent was ready for the soldiers ' reactions and waited far enough away not to be caught in their grip . 
 chloe set her brother up against the tank , walking carefully over next to jackson . 
 `` dr. hulsey , was it ? '' 
 she smiled shyly . 
 `` do you know where their clothes might be ? 
 it 's awful cold outside , and i think it would be nice to have them in something more than a lab coat . '' 
 jackson wished he could kiss her right then . 
 she had caught on to his tone and technique , using kindness to get the man to open up instead of threats . 
 `` oh , of course ! '' 
 herbert beamed at her . 
 `` they 're in that storage bin over there . 
 i 'll get them for you ! '' 
 `` thank you , but i 'll get them myself . 
 i think that he has some more questions for you , '' chloe responded quickly . 
 she gave him a friendly smile before turning and hurrying to a bin along the wall . 
 jackson watched her for a moment , and then turned back to herbert . 
 `` herbert , '' he said , making sure he had the scientist 's attention again . 
 `` this is important . 
 how many times have these men shifted ? '' 
 `` twice . 
 they were n't conscious for it though . 
 they 've never been awake for a shift . '' 
 herbert 's face dropped as though he had done something wrong . 
 jackson let out a quiet sigh . 
 his own transformation had been terrible and deadly . 
 now , he was going to have three , highly-trained soldiers , shifting into a primal state . 
 tomorrow night , they were all in for a brutal evening . 
 `` i hate to be a bother , but are there any other uniforms ? '' 
 chloe interrupted as politely as she could . 
 `` these seem to have shrunk in the wash . '' 
 jackson looked over at blake . 
 the man was barely contained by his uniform . 
 muscles pulled at the seams and his pants were an inch too short . 
 `` what have you been feeding them ? '' 
 he said softly . 
 `` growth hormones . 
 per the colonel 's instruction , '' herbert answered . 
 jackson gave him an incredulous look . 
 herbert blushed , shame filling his face . 
 `` in addition to activating the lycan gene , i was to make them more effective in combat . '' 
 `` well , this is going to be the best full moon ever , '' quent snorted under his breath . 
 `` i did it to save our species ! '' 
 herbert shouted back at him , his eyes glowing for a moment . 
 `` that is something you should have brought up with the council , '' quent snarled back . 
 jackson held up his arms between them , trying to keep the peace . 
 he opened his mouth but before he could speak , the main lab door flung open . 
 standing with a pistol pointed directly at jackson , colonel bronn filled the doorway . 
 the man 's rage was palpable . 
 even from across the room , jackson could see the veins in his neck popping out . 
 jackson reached for his gun before remembering he had given it to chloe . 
 he could see it laying on the floor next to blake 's empty tank . 
 `` what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 the colonel roared . 
 jackson could n't see any men behind him , and he hoped the colonel had come to check on his pet project by himself . 
 the last thing they needed was base guards coming to join in . 
 if herbert had looked frightened at jackson , he looked absolutely terror-stricken by colonel bronn . 
 jackson could barely breathe for the stench of fear radiating off the man in tidal waves . 
 `` put them back and hook them up , '' bronn commanded . 
 he aimed his gun . 
 herbert took a step toward where blake rested in front of his tank , but jackson put a hand on his shoulder to stop him . 
 jackson took a step in front of him , looking colonel bronn in the eye . 
 `` these troops are mobilizing . '' 
 jackson 's voice rang out across the lab . 
 herbert cringed . 
 the colonel sneered . 
 `` your career is over , captain . 
 over . 
 you have no idea what you are messing with here . '' 
 jackson took another step toward the colonel . 
 his gaze fell on chloe tending to her brother . 
 her hair was mussed in its ponytail , but she was still the most beautiful thing he had ever seen . 
 now that she was in his life , his military career did n't seem important any more . 
 `` i was looking for something more civilian anyway , '' jackson replied , shrugging . 
 `` you should just leave now , colonel . '' 
 `` if anyone is leaving , it 's you . '' 
 the colonel cocked his gun . 
 `` dr. hulsey , hook them back up . '' 
 `` no one is putting my brother back in there , '' chloe said , rising to her feet . 
 colonel bronn 's face twisted with anger and he swung the gun to point directly at her head . 
 jackson 's blood went cold . 
 there was no way he would ever reach her in time if bronn fired . 
 chloe stood defiant as bronn 's finger trembled on the trigger . 
 jackson started to move , smelling the gun powder as he heard the bullet release from the chamber , barreling straight for chloe 's head . 
 chapter 25 `` no one is putting my brother back in there , '' chloe stated , rising to her feet . 
 she had just spent the last six months of her life searching for her brother , and now , after finding him hooked up like a lab rat in a tank , there was no way she was going to let him go . 
 the gun swiveled in slow motion to point directly at her . 
 she squared her shoulders and raised her jaw . 
 she looked colonel bronn right in the eye and saw only a lust for power . 
 she wished she could have had more time with jackson . 
 a muscle in the colonel 's cheek twitched as he pulled the trigger . 
 chloe closed her eyes . 
 a heartbeat later , she was still standing . 
 she almost did n't dare to open her eyes , afraid that the bullet would just be closer , but she did . 
 standing in front of her , snarling , was blake . 
 his brown hair grew longer by the second and fur erupted along the edge of his shoulders , poking out from the now ripped seams of his jacket . 
 she could see the fear in colonel bronn 's eyes as a beast of his own creation stared him down . 
 he held a bloodied hand to his chest , the red streaks leaking onto his uniform . 
 her brother had swiped the gun out of his hand and it had skittered across the floor and under one of the tanks . 
 blake made a horrible howling noise , something trapped between human and wolf , and lunged for the colonel . 
 the colonel dodged the wolf-man with more dexterity than chloe would have given him credit for , but with one smooth motion of his clawed hand , blake sent the colonel flying across the lab . 
 bronn landed with a heavy thud against the wall , sliding down like he was made of spaghetti and landing in a crumpled heap on the floor . 
 blake took a step toward the wall , ready to finish off his sister 's attacker , but his body was n't strong enough . 
 he stumbled to the floor , his claws clattering on the white cement . 
 chloe knelt by her brother , her heart pounding and adrenaline coursing through her system like a drug . 
 she had stared down death in the eye and lived . 
 she smoothed the tousled hair on her brother 's forehead and felt jackson touch her shoulder . 
 she looked up at him . 
 his eyes were golden and full of concern . 
 he touched her shoulder and she could feel the relief at her safety flood through her . 
 she gave him a soft smile and the lines around his eyes relaxed . 
 quent had his hands full on the other side of the tank keeping the other two soldiers under control . 
 even in their just wakened state , they wanted to go to blake 's side . 
 the smell of blood , fear , and urgency was riling them up . 
 they whined as their eyes went golden , trying to get past quent and herbert to help their fallen comrade . 
 `` i 've got him , '' chloe told jackson with a nod . 
 he straightened to his full height and went to check on the colonel , walking slowly across the room . 
 blake struggled against the floor , trapped between man and beast . 
 his eyes were amber and his teeth pointed from his mouth like oversized halloween vampire fangs . 
 with every second he seemed to lose more of himself , but yet was n't finding his way to the wolf . 
 it terrified chloe to see him like this and she was n't sure what she needed to do . 
 `` he does n't know how to control the change , '' quent yelled at her , trying to keep control of the other two soldiers . 
 `` you have to get him to calm down ! '' 
 chloe frowned and bit her lip ; concern and fear rolled in her stomach and she closed her eyes to try and control her emotions . 
 determination finally found her and she opened her eyes and grabbed her brother 's shoulders . 
 just because he was something new did n't mean he was n't going to listen to her . 
 she had always been his guardian and voice of reason ; she still could be . 
 `` blake , look at me . '' 
 she put her hand under his elongating chin , the fur spreading across his skin prickly and soft at the same time , forcing his golden eyes to look up at her . 
 `` look at me . 
 i need you to breathe . '' 
 blake whined quietly , but kept his eyes glued to hers . 
 she smiled encouragingly . 
 `` come back to me , blake . 
 let the wolf go for now . '' 
 blake took a deep breath and green replaced the gold in his eyes . 
 his shoulders relaxed and the fur receded back into his skin ; his teeth disappeared back into his mouth and he resumed his human appearance . 
 with blake calm , his fellow soldiers relaxed . 
 quent grinned at her and herbert leaned against one of the tanks in relief . 
 `` you 've got skill , chloe . 
 good job . '' 
 jackson returned from looking at the colonel , kneeling down beside chloe and putting his hand on her back . 
 his warmth made her feel stronger . 
 `` the colonel 's out cold . 
 we need to get out of here before any guards come . '' 
 jackson moved to help chloe lift her brother to his feet . 
 it was only a matter of time before someone came looking to hear why a gunshot had gone off . 
 quent helped the other two soldiers to their feet , the two of them leaning against one another like sapling trees . 
 since they had n't changed as much as blake had , they had more energy , but were still weak as kittens . 
 `` you are coming with us . 
 you have to face the council , '' quent informed herbert . 
 herbert paled and shook his head . 
 fear blossomed in his face . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he screamed , running past quent and toward chloe . 
 quent snarled , spinning to catch him . 
 herbert ran past chloe to where the colonel now stood . 
 bronn had removed his jacket and had a needle and one of the red iv bags . 
 he gritted his teeth , in obvious pain but still proceeding . 
 he was feeding the werewolf serum into his arm , squeezing the iv bag to force it in as fast as possible . 
 herbert skidded to a stop in front of him , going to his knees and putting his hands over his face at being too late to stop him from injecting himself . 
 jackson shifted blake 's weight onto chloe , stepping forward to face the colonel . 
 quent was right behind him . 
 their faces were hard and ready for a fight . 
 if that red substance had made blake and his friends into werewolves , chloe could only imagine what it was going to do to the colonel . 
 it made her shudder to think of the possibilities . 
 she started walking her brother toward the back of the room , grouping the three new weres together and hoping they would be able to protect themselves from whatever the colonel was going to change in to . 
 colonel bronn let out a sinister laugh . 
 `` i can feel it ! '' 
 he flexed slightly , the veins in his arms and neck pulsing . 
 `` the strength ! 
 the power ! '' 
 jackson licked his lips and growled . 
 quent 's eyes already glowed . 
 the colonel looked at them and laughed again . 
 the red bag was already almost completely emptied into his system . 
 his eyes were turning red , as though he were a demon summoned from the pits of hell . 
 herbert sat on his knees , looking up at the mutating colonel with fear in his eyes . 
 the red bag was empty . 
 the colonel roared , raising his arms above his head . 
 the seams on his shirt split open as his muscles expanded . 
 he ripped the iv from his arm , flinging it across the room where it landed with a splat . 
 little red drops fell to the floor as though it had been murdered . 
 the colonel growled , rolling his shoulders and feeling the fire of the serum rip through his veins . 
 he howled his dominance , taking a step toward the shaking herbert . 
 one step was all he took . 
 the colonel 's body shuddered , and he shook his head . 
 he tried to move , but his body refused to respond . 
 a look of panic passed through his eyes before they rolled up in his head and his body collapsed . 
 he was dead before his head hit the floor . 
 herbert shook his head at the dead man , sadness in his voice . 
 `` i told you , the serum will only work on those with the gene . '' 
 the room was silent except for the hum of the lights and the computer . 
 chloe clung to her brother , unsure of what was going to happen next . 
 everything already felt like a dream , so she was mentally preparing herself for the colonel to come back to life as dream monsters always seemed to do . 
 herbert rose from his knees . 
 his shoulders slumped forward for a moment , but then seemed to find an energy . 
 he turned , squaring them before facing jackson and quent . 
 he took a set of keys from his pocket and undid the ring , pulling a brass car key from the set . 
 he handed it to jackson . 
 `` that goes to the supply van outside that door . 
 get them away from here . 
 i 'll take care of things , '' herbert told him . 
 jackson took the key and slid it into his pocket . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 herbert looked back at the fallen colonel . 
 he seemed less afraid now that the man lay dead at his feet . 
 `` he was the only one who knew the true extent of the experiments . 
 he wanted all the glory , so he made sure to keep the exact reasons for my research a secret . '' 
 herbert turned back to jackson and quent . 
 `` as far as the government knows , i was working with these soldiers , of their own accord , to work on healing and regeneration via the lycan gene . 
 there is going to be a tragic accident that will destroy the servers with the information and the entire supply of the cross-gene formula . '' 
 herbert looked down at his hands . 
 `` and that will keep them from investigating ? '' 
 quent asked . 
 herbert nodded . 
 `` as far as anyone will know , the experiment was a failure . 
 the lycan gene is just junk dna and trying to activate it is a fruitless endeavor . '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 jackson pointed his chin toward the colonel . 
 herbert turned to look at the dead man with pity . 
 `` the truth . 
 he did n't believe me and took some of the formula himself . '' 
 jackson and quent looked at one another , their eyes holding a silent conversation . 
 herbert took a deep breath and walked past them , going to one of the filing cabinets along the wall . 
 he punched in a code , unlocking one of the files and pulled out a usb drive . 
 he held it in his hand for a moment , then wrapped his fingers around it and turned to the two me . 
 `` on this drive is everything i learned . 
 it 's the only copy . '' 
 herbert took a step and opened his hand , offering the usb drive up to jackson . 
 jackson took it carefully from the scientist 's hand and placed it in quent 's . 
 `` what about the council ? '' 
 quent asked , pocketing the research . 
 `` i will submit myself to them at the next moon , '' herbert said . 
 his voice held a dead calm . 
 quent nodded his approval . 
 herbert nodded and walked over to one of the tanks . 
 he hit a button and it filled halfway with water . 
 the scientist closed his eyes , moving his lips as though saying a prayer , and then pushed the tank over . 
 the heavy cylinder fell with a horrible crack that made chloe jump . 
 water splashed out of broken glass , lapping up against the other two tanks . 
 electricity began to jump from the cords to the water , humming and buzzing with destruction . 
 `` we need to get out of here before anyone comes asking questions , '' jackson said , turning around to face chloe and the three soldiers . 
 they both stepped forward , careful to avoid the sparking water . 
 jackson put a hand on herbert 's shoulder in a quiet gesture of understanding . 
 the man did n't respond , just staring at the complete loss of his life 's work . 
 quent lifted the blonde soldier 's arm over his shoulder while jackson did the same with the other . 
 chloe held onto her brother , coaxing him forward with small steps . 
 they reached the door to escape out of the lab and chloe looked back . 
 the lights flickered slightly as the computers continued to short circuit . 
 the last thing she saw before they disappeared out into the night was the back of herbert 's white lab coat as he destroyed his work . 
 chapter 26 chloe struggled under her brother 's weight , but she did n't slow down . 
 she followed jackson and quent as they carried the other two soldiers down a short , dark hallway and out into the snow . 
 jackson found the van easily enough , and they quickly pushed the tired soldiers into the back . 
 the cold night air burned her lungs as she gasped for air . 
 it was n't just the exertion from carrying her brother that had her gulping down mouthfuls , it was everything that had happened in the past thirty minutes . 
 she glanced at her watch , shocked that it had been less than a half hour for everything she had just seen to happen . 
 thirty minutes ago , she was still looking for her brother and the colonel was still alive . 
 `` get in the van , chloe , '' jackson coaxed , putting a hand on the small of her back and helping her into the open back . 
 the three soldiers sat with their backs against the side of the van . 
 chloe stepped inside and jackson carefully shut the door behind her . 
 she could hear his feet crunch in the snow as he went to the driver 's side door . 
 `` drive out and i 'll get the car . 
 we can come back for my truck later , '' jackson told quent . 
 the front of the van was blocked off from the back , but she could hear quent open the driver door handle and step inside . 
 the van gave a low groan as it struggled to start in the winter cold , but soon it was running . 
 chloe sat down in the small space left against the back door , wrapping her arms around her legs . 
 the weres ' breath fogged the inside of the vehicle , their heads bobbing as they tried to keep from sleeping . 
 chloe put her hand on her brother 's back , just to feel him breathe . 
 she still could n't believe everything that had happened , and just having a physical connection made her feel better . 
 the van pulled to a stop after a short time , and chloe could hear jackson 's voice talking to quent . 
 `` we 're off the base . 
 the guards barely even looked at you guys . '' 
 he sounded amazed at their relatively easy escape . 
 `` quent , since you know where we 're going , you should probably drive . 
 the car 's parked just off the road at the bus stop . 
 i do n't think it will make it much further with the weather coming in . '' 
 quent agreed , and a moment later , jackson opened up the back of the truck . 
 thick white flakes blew in as he stepped up into the van 's cargo area with chloe and shut the door behind him . 
 `` you 're shivering , '' jackson said softly , pulling chloe closer to him . 
 she was n't sure if she was shaking from the cold or the fact that she was sure her body was still pumping pure adrenaline . 
 jackson wrapped his strong arms around her , settling the two of them on the van floor . 
 she was instantly warmer , and she pressed her head against his chest . 
 his heart beat out a steady rhythm and she matched her breath to his . 
 he seemed so calm . 
 he must do stuff like this all the time in the military , she thought to herself as she relaxed into him . 
 jackson stroked the hair from her forehead , his fingers rough against her skin . 
 she snuggled deeper into him . 
 the warmth of his body and the wearing off of her adrenaline was starting to make her sleepy . 
 she did n't dare close her eyes , though . 
 she kept one on her brother , making sure that his breathing stayed constant and even . 
 she was n't sure what they had done to him , and she wanted to make sure he was truly safe before she rested . 
 the van started to vibrate as quent turned onto a dirt road . 
 she could hear small rocks ping off the bottom of the van and wondered how the others were managing to sleep through the racket . 
 to say the van was well insulated would be like saying a solo cup made a good coffee mug . 
 the van finally rumbled to a stop and quent stepped out and shouted a greeting to someone . 
 chloe shook her head , forcing the light doze out of her system . 
 jackson gave her a gentle squeeze before moving away from the back of the van so the door could open . 
 chloe followed jackson out into the cold night air . 
 she had n't realized the temperature had dropped even further since she had been snuggled up to a hot-blooded were , but now without jackson 's warmth , she was shivering again . 
 big , wet snowflakes were falling from the sky and landing noiselessly on the ground . 
 it would n't be long before they were lost in a world of white . 
 chloe glanced around at where they had ended up . 
 there were three log cabin style buildings set in a semi-circle facing one another . 
 one was significantly larger than the others , with a large wooden porch and chairs spread out on the deck . 
 the middle cabin looked as though it were a cafeteria and kitchen . 
 the last cabin was a smaller version of the biggest , the windows opening to look out at the courtyard between them . 
 it reminded chloe of the summer camp she had gone to as a child and she wondered if that was what this was when it was n't being used as a wolf safe-house . 
 a huge , intimidating man made of pure muscle rose from his seat on the porch of the biggest building . 
 thick black hair was pulled back into a ponytail and his shoulders were big enough to carry mountains . 
 `` is that the alpha ? '' 
 chloe asked , stepping closer to jackson . 
 the man was so large , she was already calling him the giant in her head . 
 `` no , '' jackson answered . 
 he cocked his head to the side as though surprised at his own answer . 
 he nodded in the direction of the smaller cabin . 
 `` that 's the alpha . '' 
 chloe turned to see a man emerging from the snowy darkness . 
 he was older , early seventies if she had to guess from his skin and coloring , but he did n't move like it . 
 he stepped into the yellow light of the van and chloe took a good look at him . 
 he was tall and well-muscled , with thick , unruly , white hair and twinkling blue eyes . 
 if he grew a beard and a gut , he would have made an excellent santa claus . 
 `` well , quent , i have everything all set up for three new weres and a lone wolf , '' the older man said , shaking quent 's hand and then jackson 's . 
 he peered at the military van as blake and the other two soldiers moved groggily out of it . 
 `` i can see why you did n't want to say anything over the phone . '' 
 even in the dark , the three soldiers looked fierce . 
 chloe had never noticed that about her brother before , but the way he moved was more fluid now . 
 more like jackson . 
 blake stumbled as he jumped from the van , his legs not quite ready for the landing . 
 chloe hurried to his side , wrapping his arm over her shoulder . 
 the alpha looked at her as though he could see through her . 
 she started maneuvering blake toward the main building , but the alpha moved to stand in her path . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 the man asked , his blue eyes dissecting her features . 
 snow caught in her eyelashes as her brother sagged against her , exhausted . 
 a hot spike of anger shot through her . 
 if it had n't have been freezing and close to midnight , she might have felt the need to be polite , but as it was , she just wanted to get her brother resting . 
 `` cold and hungry . 
 you ? '' 
 quent growled and shot her a frown . 
 `` be polite ! '' 
 the alpha brushed his hand through the air and gave her a friendly smile . 
 `` it 's okay , quent . 
 it looks like she 's had a rough night . '' 
 the alpha went to the other side of blake and lifted . 
 having someone helping to carry blake 's weight was a relief . 
 she could n't believe how much bigger her brother had grown in the last six months and she wondered just how much else had changed . 
 `` i 'm arthur crane . 
 let 's get you two inside . '' 
 the man began walking , nearly dragging blake and chloe along with him . 
 the guy was definitely stronger than he looked . 
 jackson and quent were hot on their heels with the dark haired soldier draped between them . 
 the giant lifted the blonde over his shoulder and was strode through the fallen snow like as easily as if the man were nothing more than a child . 
 it was less than a minute before everyone was inside the large cabin . 
 inside , the cabin was warm and welcoming . 
 a fire flickered in one corner of the long rectangular room and three sets of bunk-beds lined the far wall . 
 near the fireplace was a door with a crescent moon sign hanging on it . 
 arthur helped chloe settle her brother on the bottom bunk nearest the fireplace . 
 quent and jackson had the dark haired soldier in the second bunk , tucking the blankets around him neatly . 
 the blonde was dumped carefully into the last bunk by the giant man . 
 chloe tucked her brother in , brushing the stray strands of hair from his forehead . 
 he would need a haircut soon . 
 she yawned , throwing her hand up to cover her mouth at the last second . 
 arthur smiled gently and put a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` you 've had a long day . 
 get some rest . 
 he 'll sleep until morning and we 'll talk then , '' he said kindly , putting a hand on her shoulder . 
 she nodded and went to the wall across from blake 's bunk . 
 despite being exhausted , she was n't ready to sleep yet . 
 the firelight flickered across her brother 's face as she drew her knees up to her chest and watched him sleep . 
 jackson and arthur nodded to one another , a wordless agreement to talk later passing between them . 
 jackson sat down next to chloe , draping his arm over her shoulder . 
 the alpha watched them for a moment and then carefully followed the giant and quent out into the night . 
 jackson 's hand rubbed small circles across chloe 's back as she watched the firelight flicker across her brother 's face . 
 she was sure at any moment men with guns would come barging through the windows to take him away . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 his hand felt good on her back and she could feel some of the stress from the day fading the longer he touched her . 
 `` yeah , '' she said slowly , releasing her legs and cuddling into jackson 's strong chest . 
 he felt safe . 
 `` it 's been a crazy day . '' 
 jackson kissed her forehead softly , still rubbing her back . 
 she turned her face to look up at him . 
 the firelight reflected in his brown eyes , his brows relaxed as he smiled at her . 
 chloe closed her eyes and kissed him , feeling his warmth spread down into her toes . 
 he was so handsome . 
 she was sure this was all a dream . 
 there was no way that this handsome man was holding her and that her brother was safe . 
 his tongue slipped into her mouth , teasing her with softness . 
 she moaned slightly and he smiled as he kissed her further , nibbling on her bottom lip and tasting her sweetness . 
 his fingers kept their slow circles on her back . 
 her fingers touched his jawline , feeling the masculine stubble . 
 jackson kissed down her jaw , down the angle of her neck , sucking gently at the sensitive skin . 
 she shivered with delight and then promptly let out a jaw-cracking yawn . 
 jackson laughed softly , kissing her forehead again and cuddling her into him . 
 `` i just ca n't seem to get enough of you , '' he whispered , his breath tickling her ear . 
 `` go to sleep . 
 i 'll keep watch on them . '' 
 chloe yawned again before nestling her head into the hollow of his shoulder . 
 his heat and the gentle crackle of the fire had her asleep before she finished closing her eyes . 
 chapter 27 chloe awoke warm and in a strange bed . 
 she sat straight up and promptly bumped her head on the bed above her . 
 she swore and held her hand to her head as she carefully maneuvered out of the bunk bed . 
 the fire still crackled in the fireplace next to her , but sunlight shone through the high windows of the cabin , filling the room with morning light . 
 the door with the crescent moon on it was indeed a bathroom , which chloe took her time using . 
 she even found a comb and managed to coax her hair out of the giant rat 's nest it had become and back into a usable ponytail . 
 she found her coat and shoes stored neatly by the front door and stepped outside . 
 snow had continued to fall through the night and the entire camp sparkled with fresh snow . 
 the trees wore blankets of thick white and the ground glittered in the sun . 
 chloe took a deep breath in of clean , winter air and smiled . 
 today was going to be a good day . 
 she could hear the sounds of laughter and yelling , so she followed a path beaten into the snow by other feet . 
 in a clearing just beyond the cabin , the four soldiers were playing football in the snow while quent and arthur watched . 
 the two soldiers , chloe realized she still did n't know their names yet , were shirtless in the snow . 
 steam rose in tendrils from their muscular bodies as they ran to catch the ball . 
 jackson and blake were in nothing but plain white t-shirts , the fabric already soaked and clinging to their skin . 
 chloe licked her lips as she watched jackson throw the ball to blake . 
 the wet shirt clung to his skin like a transparent lover , accenting the curves and lines of his chest and abs . 
 his army pants hung low on his hips , hugging his perfectly sculpted ass . 
 everything about him was curves and strength and she could feel her core heating to see him . 
 `` you sleep well ? '' 
 arthur asked without turning around as she joined them from where they watched the others play . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 she stretched her hands above her head and quickly pulled her arms back down as an inch of skin between her jacket and gloves exposed to the cold air . 
 `` how are they not freezing ? 
 it 's got ta be a bajillion degrees below zero out here and those two are n't even wearing shirts . '' 
 `` how else are you supposed to play shirts vs skins ? '' 
 quent quipped . 
 arthur laughed . 
 `` they 're weres . 
 the moon is full tonight and we tend to be a little restless . 
 those four are just burning off extra energy . 
 i doubt they even feel the cold , '' arthur explained . 
 chloe realized that neither arthur nor quent were wearing coats . 
 they both had on short sleeved shirts and neither seemed bothered by the cold . 
 she tucked her gloved hands inside her coat . 
 despite the men 's reaction , she was sure it was still cold outside . 
 the blonde soldier had control of the ball now and was passing it to the dark-haired soldier . 
 jackson slammed into the blonde 's waist as he let the ball fly , the two of them landing in the snow with a thud . 
 they were both up in a minute , shaking the snow from their skin and chasing after the ball . 
 steam rose from both their shoulders and combined with their breath before disappearing into the sunlight . 
 arthur turned , his blue eyes bright under bushy brows . 
 `` chloe , there 's something very serious we need to discuss with you . '' 
 quent fidgeted in the snow with his foot for a moment before turning to face her . 
 he put both hands on her shoulders , his eyes dark . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` chloe , your brother is n't human anymore . '' 
 chloe snorted and nodded in the pointed her head in the direction of the football game . 
 `` they 're playing shirts and skins in below zero weather and are n't cold . 
 i think i got that one . '' 
 `` chloe , it 's more serious than that . '' 
 quent frowned at her and she put her gloved hands over his bare ones . 
 `` i know . 
 he 's a wolf now . 
 i understand . '' 
 `` it 's more than just that . 
 he 's dangerous now , '' arthur added . 
 chloe shook her head . 
 `` no , he 's not . 
 i mean , yes , he 's bigger and stronger and can hear stuff from a mile away , but he 's still my brother . '' 
 she smiled at the two men reassuringly . 
 `` i taught him how to swim . 
 i was the one who made sure he did n't get beaten up in elementary school . 
 he would never hurt me . '' 
 `` he would never mean to hurt you , but ... accidents happen . '' 
 arthur 's eyes were calm and sure as he looked at her . 
 `` it 's happened before . '' 
 `` so i will be careful . '' 
 chloe looked back and forth between the two men . 
 `` quent , you 've known me for years and you 've never hurt me . 
 jackson 's has n't hurt me either . '' 
 `` jackson is a different story altogether , and quent has had years to learn how to control the wolf , '' arthur said . 
 `` what quent is trying to say , and failing , is that you need to stay in the councilors cabin tonight . 
 and should probably not play football with them . '' 
 a loud bickering came from the football field as the four men scrabbled for the ball . 
 muscles and snow mixed on the ground as each man tried to gain the football . 
 if she had been playing , she would have been squished . 
 hell , she thought , if a denver bronco 's linebacker was playing , he 'd be squished . 
 `` excuse me for a moment . '' 
 arthur turned from quent and chloe and stepped into the melee , yelling at the four to break it up . 
 the two soldiers backed off immediately , but blake and jackson took a moment . 
 blake only seemed to back down once jackson relaxed . 
 arthur picked up the ball and handed it to the blonde and the game resumed . 
 `` this is not an option . 
 i 'm requiring you to stay in the councilor 's cabin tonight , '' arthur continued as he returned to his original spot . 
 `` with new weres , they have a tendency to be unpredictable . 
 they are a lot like big puppies . 
 they do n't know their own strength , and they tend to get a bit ... overzealous . 
 i just do n't want to see you get bit . 
 or worse . '' 
 chloe chewed the inside of her cheek for a moment . 
 the idea that her sweet , helpful , loving little brother could be a dangerous killer was a difficult concept to wrap her head around . 
 she did n't have the same bone-knowing feeling that she did with him and her safety that she did with jackson . 
 she thought back to when he first woke up from the tank and how he had squeezed jackson 's throat . 
 her hand touched her neck in an unconscious movement as she watched the blake take down the dark haired soldier in a decisive tackle . 
 `` i understand and i 'll stay in the councilor 's cabin away from blake tonight , '' she said slowly . 
 she looked up at the two men , and bit her lip . 
 `` they 're all going to be okay , though , right ? '' 
 quent put a gentle hand on her shoulder . 
 `` they 're going to be fine . 
 it 's going to be a rough night , being their first shift and all , but they 're going to be just fine . '' 
 `` your brother and his friends are stronger than any were i 've ever seen . 
 faster too . '' 
 arthur 's eyes followed the football as it sped through the air and into blake 's hands . 
 `` it 's a good thing we got to them in time , '' quent told her softly . 
 i 'm terrified to think of what that last dose would have done to them . 
 as is , they are on the upper scales of weres . 
 i 've never encountered anything like them . '' 
 chloe nodded . 
 `` thank you for telling me . '' 
 quent patted her shoulder gently as the three of them resumed watching the football game . 
 `` you deserve to know what 's going on . 
 you 're as much a part of this as anyone now . '' 
 chapter 28 the evening sun hung low in the sky , slowly dipping behind the mountains as it were tired . 
 the sky was awash in purples and reds with thin clouds making abstract and beautiful designs in the sky . 
 on the other end of the sky from the sun , stars were starting to dot the navy blue heavens and the moon was beginning her full rise to glory . 
 chloe sat at the window , watching the sun and moon shift places . 
 a friendly fire crackled in the small councilor 's cabin and she had a cup of tea on the table beside her . 
 the cabin was meant to hold camp councilors during the summer months . 
 as such , there were three small bedrooms , one bathroom , a utility kitchen , and a small table with four chairs next to the big window overlooking the center courtyard . 
 chloe could see the sun fading into to the west from the edge of the window , and the moon ascending in the middle . 
 the moon had been in the sky for much of the day , hanging low but still visible . 
 she had asked why they all were n't shifting since the full moon was in the sky . 
 `` the pull is strongest at night , '' quent had told her over lunch . 
 `` we think it has something to do with the light source and some other phenomena . '' 
 `` like the ocean and fish spawning ? '' 
 chloe asked , her brain trying to combine various papers she had read on the subjects . 
 quent shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 not exactly a huge area of research currently being done on the shifting habits of werewolves , '' he said with a grin . 
 the day had been relatively calm . 
 the three new weres were bustling with nervous energy as the moon pulled them ever closer to their wolf state . 
 arthur had her stay away from them , and as much as she wanted to see her brother , his flashes of anger at the other wolves told her it was for the best . 
 arthur and jackson had to break up several fights , and arthur had even been bit by the blonde soldier . 
 evan , she reminded herself . 
 the blonde is evan drandt , the other one is joel martinez . 
 she had picked up their names when blake had finally seen her watching them play football . 
 introductions were made all around , and then joel had gotten a little close to her and made blake growl . 
 a scuffle had almost broken out , but jackson had been her protector that time . 
 he stepped between her and the other two , and seemed to grow bigger . 
 they had both backed down , then . 
 that was when arthur had decided she should spend the day away from the wolves . 
 jackson went with the three soldiers off into the woods to burn off more energy . 
 she wished he would have stayed with her . 
 instead , quent had spent much of the day drilling her on her thesis plans . 
 in all the commotion , she had almost forgotten that she was still a student and that there were still tests and papers due . 
 luckily , she was supposed to be with quent this week to work on her thesis and lab work . 
 unfortunately for her , quent did n't let her off the hook just because they were in the middle of the woods . 
 the sun gave one last yellow flash before ducking under its blanket of mountains and going to sleep . 
 chloe got up and checked the lock on the sturdy oak door one last time . 
 the wolves would be coming out at any time now . 
 she was debating watching the transformation at all . 
 quent had told her that people often got sick watching a wolf shift for the first time . 
 he said the first transformation was the hardest , the most brutal , and the longest . 
 once it had been done , the mind learned how to do it and it became easier . 
 just as a baby 's first steps were clumsy and slow , so was a wolf 's first transformation . 
 only , instead of steps , it was realigning bones , growing new teeth , and sprouting fur . 
 chloe went to the window , the orange firelight reflecting across the darkness outside . 
 the last rays of golden sunshine caressed the tops of the evergreen branches , making the snow sparkle before turning into dark purple shadows . 
 she bit the cuticle on her thumb . 
 she was too curious not to watch , but she was still nervous of what she was about to see . 
 her beloved brother was about to change before her eyes , not to mention jackson . 
 as if her thoughts summoned them , the wolves walked into the center of the courtyard . 
 there were eleven men total . 
 the three soldiers stood together , laughing nervously as they pushed one another playfully . 
 jackson , quent , and arthur followed behind them at a more sedate pace , obviously calmer about what was going to happen . 
 the last five wolves were the giant and his four equally massive brothers . 
 ty , trent , tim , trev , and troy -lrb- the giant -rrb- kozlov were there to act as enforcers . 
 if any of the new wolves misbehaved or tried to go off camp property , the kozlov boys were there to stop them . 
 arthur did n't think they would try anything , but fresh wolves on their first change were always unpredictable and he did n't want trouble . 
 looking at the five men , she figured those new soldiers would be good as gold . 
 every single male was buck nak * d. chloe purposefully ignored her brother and his friends , willfully did not look at quent or arthur , and tried not to gawk at the kozlovs . 
 they were n't just big in muscles . 
 but the one she could n't resist looking at was jackson . 
 his chiseled body drew her eyes to him like a magnet . 
 she stared , taking in his sculpted pectorals , the six-pack abs , and the delicious v that tapered to between his legs . 
 just thinking about his body , nak * d under her touch again made her heart race . 
 moonlight began to fill the courtyard and as moonlight touched the men , chloe was n't gawking at muscles anymore . 
 the three soldiers began howling , their voices neither human nor wolf , but full of terror and pain . 
 blake fell to his knees , joel and evan writhing on the ground as though they were being burned alive . 
 they pawed at their faces , scratching and tearing at the skin as fur started to appear . 
 the older wolves stood in a protective circle . 
 she could see arthur kneel , whispering words of encouragement . 
 whatever he said seemed to help , as they stilled their hands , but their howling continued . 
 troy the giant rubbed his meaty hand across the back of his neck and let out a howl . 
 it was different than the whines and howls of the soldiers : it was colder , and less about pain and more about power . 
 the five brothers seemed to shift in unison . 
 their huge muscles twisting and turning as though they were diving through moonlit water . 
 it was graceful , almost beautiful , to watch them change . 
 chloe 's eyes darted to jackson , both afraid and curious . 
 jackson 's shoulders rolled as though he were taking off a heavy jacket . 
 he dove into the moonlight like the brother 's had , his form shifting before her eyes . 
 he was n't quite as graceful as the kozlov brothers , but then again , he had n't shifted as many times as they had . 
 jackson was beautiful . 
 his coat was white with cream and silver accents that caught the moonlight . 
 she could barely take her eyes off of him as he moved in the moonlight , his coat shimmering like the snow , to flank the still changing soldiers . 
 arthur and quent were already in their wolf form by the time chloe 's eyes came to them . 
 they were both gray with arthur 's ears tipped in white while quent had black accents in his coat . 
 the two of them trotted smoothly to the soldiers . 
 one white wolf , two gray , and five big brown ones surrounded the soldiers . 
 chloe could n't see them clearly with the wolves guarding them , but she could still see them struggling on the ground . 
 what had taken the older wolves seconds to do was taking them minutes . 
 their whines filled the air as they struggled . 
 strange combinations of wolf and human legs and arms jutted up into the sky , fur and skin merging and mixing . 
 a head reared up , the face no longer human but not quite wolf yet and chloe understood why quent thought she might get sick . 
 it seemed to take forever , but chloe 's watch claimed it less than two and a half minutes , the howling stopped . 
 three wolves lay on the snow . 
 two were silver gray and the third was coal black . 
 their breaths came in short pants , frosting the air like trains . 
 slowly , the black one struggled to his feet and let out a howl . 
 chloe shivered . 
 she knew the voice was blake 's , but it was wolf , not human . 
 the two silver wolves pulled themselves to sitting and echoed blake 's call . 
 now that they were upright , chloe could see that they were bigger than even the brothers . 
 arthur nudged blake with his nose , pointing him toward the woods away from the camp . 
 blake turned to look at the window where chloe sat watching , his mouth opening in what chloe could only call a grin , before loping off . 
 the two silver wolves followed , yipping and jumping through the snow like happy puppies . 
 five brown wolves merged into the darkness behind them , carefully watching and shepherding the newly changed shifters . 
 quent and arthur trotted behind the boys , jackson turned from them , instead walking slowly toward the cabin . 
 chloe held her breath as he approached , lost in his wolfish beauty . 
 he padded up the porch on silent paws , giving her time to turn from the window if she wished . 
 there was no way chloe would have run from him . 
 she was even considering unlocking the front door so she could bury her fingers in jackson 's coat , but she knew that she should n't . 
 she was n't afraid of him at all , instead feeling nothing but happy calm . 
 jackson put his two front paws up on the outside of the windowsill , peering into the window . 
 his eyes were wolf - golden , but flecked with the brown that chloe loved in jackson 's eyes . 
 she smiled at him , putting her hand to the glass . 
 she wanted him to know that she was n't afraid of him . 
 jackson whined softly , pressing his black , wet nose against her hand . 
 his breath fogged the glass until a wolf howl called to him . 
 he jumped down , turning to follow the pack . 
 chloe could n't pull her eyes from him . 
 he loped easily across the snowy yard , his paws barely touching the ground . 
 just before he disappeared into the trees , he turned and looked back at chloe and howled . 
 she knew it was for her , and she kept her hand pressed to the glass . 
 with a graceful leap , jackson 's white form ghosted into the darkness of the trees and he was gone . 
 chloe sat at the window , watching the silver shadows in the yard shift as the moon rose higher into the night sky , listening to the howl of the wolves in the distance for a long time . 
 chapter 29 jackson sat in the warm sunshine on the front porch of the councilor 's cabin . 
 the snow was beginning to melt , though there were reports that it would snow again in a day or two . 
 he ran his hands through his hair for the hundredth time , telling himself he needed to get it cut . 
 he also needed to shave , but his razor was back on the base . 
 he checked his watch again , as he had every thirty seconds or so for the past ten minutes . 
 quent was supposed to come and take him back to fort baskerville so he could pick up his truck , but jackson was half-hoping chloe would wake up and come out of the cabin before quent arrived . 
 he wanted her to come out because he wanted to see her . 
 wanted to see her reaction to him shifting last night . 
 she had pressed her hand to the glass and smiled , but he needed to see her in his human form to be sure she was okay with him . 
 he was n't sure that in her situation if he would be okay with seeing the person he was sleeping with turn into a wolf . 
 he hoped she was n't avoiding him and just pretending to sleep while he waited on the porch . 
 he could n't blame her if she was , though . 
 he had gotten up to walk away at least three times , but each time he came back to sit on her porch and wait . 
 it was the waiting that was the hard part . 
 the night before had been his best transformation yet . 
 it was n't just that he was getting better at it and gaining control , it was the fact that he was with other wolves . 
 when he was with them , running through the woods , it was as if they could hear his thoughts . 
 he did n't need words or emotions . 
 he felt free for the first time in months of the demons that haunted him . 
 the only time he had felt better was when he had been with chloe . 
 the heavy wooden door creaked as it opened and jackson sprang to his feet . 
 he stepped off the porch , ready to give her room if she needed it . 
 chloe stepped out into the warm sunshine and smiled , wrapping her arms around her as the cold air hit her . 
 she closed the door behind her and went to the steps , standing on the top one so that she was just slightly taller than jackson . 
 he looked up with her with big , hopeful , brown eyes . 
 `` good morning , '' he said , his voice sounding strange in his own ears . 
 `` you sleep okay ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` yup . 
 you ? '' 
 jackson shrugged . 
 `` not really . 
 too much to do last night . '' 
 he paused , looking down at his feet in the melting snow before coming back up to meet her green ones . 
 `` i just wanted to make sure you were okay . '' 
 chloe laughed , the light sound lifting his heart like a song . 
 her green eyes sparkled in the morning sun and she put her hands on his shoulders . 
 `` why would n't i be ? 
 i was n't the one out having adventures last night . '' 
 `` so , it did n't freak you out ? '' 
 jackson held his breath , waiting for her answer . 
 `` no . 
 well , maybe a little . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` seeing blake as a wolf was a little weird , but it was okay . 
 it was actually kind of cool . '' 
 jackson let out his breath , feeling almost light-headed . 
 she was n't scared of him . 
 she did n't hate him . 
 she tipped her head , a question filling her green eyes . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 jackson shook his head and put his hands on her waist . 
 she was warm and soft and everything he could ever want . 
 and she was okay with him being a wolf . 
 `` the first time it did . 
 but it got easier every time , and now , it does n't hurt so much as it feels like walking through a cold waterfall . 
 i guess we just get better at it each time . '' 
 he looked up at her face , her smile warmer than the sun . 
 `` i know this is n't very manly , but ... '' chloe bit her lip in a shy smile . 
 `` you are gorgeous as a wolf . '' 
 jackson 's grinned . 
 `` just as a wolf ? '' 
 `` like you need to fish for compliments . '' 
 chloe stuck her tongue out at him , but her eyes still held a smile . 
 jackson pulled her closer to him until her h * ps pressed into his chest . 
 she smelled so divine he could n't stand it . 
 he wanted to kiss that playful tongue , to touch every inch of her skin again . 
 he was giving serious thought to simply scooping her up and carrying her off into the bed in the cabin . 
 screw that , he thought . 
 i do n't think i 'd make it to the bed . 
 the porch would work just fine . 
 chloe giggled and leaned down to kiss him . 
 her lips were heaven . 
 she tasted sweet . 
 like oranges and cream . 
 he breathed in her scent , letting it fill his nostrils and soar through his body . 
 she was soft beneath his hands , but yet firm in all the right places . 
 he nipped gently at her perfect lower lip , wanting to do more than just taste her . 
 he pulled back , still holding her to him , as he heard a car pull up the road . 
 his eyes flashed golden for a moment and she grinned . 
 `` hold that thought for later , '' she whispered , leaning down slightly to kiss his head . 
 `` i think your ride 's here . '' 
 the door to quent 's car slammed shut . 
 his feet made a sticky sound as they crunched across the gravel full of melting snow up to the porch . 
 jackson reluctantly let chloe go in order to turn around and face the oncoming man , but he was glad to feel chloe stay directly behind him . 
 he leaned back into her , feeling her body absorb his warmth . 
 `` paper says there was a fire on the base last night . 
 unknown amount of damage and that there was one injury : colonel bronn , '' quent announced , holding up a newspaper . 
 jackson stayed quiet , knowing the three of them were all thinking the same thought . 
 was herbert keeping up the story ? 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 chloe asked softly . 
 her hand was on jackson 's shoulder and he liked the way her fingers felt , even through his tan t-shirt . 
 `` now , i take the captain here back to pick up his truck . '' 
 quent jerked his thumb toward jackson . 
 `` then , i 'm taking a nap . 
 those young-uns wore me out last night . '' 
 arthur strode out of the bunk house , his eyes going immediately to chloe 's hand on jackson 's shoulder . 
 `` jackson , we need to talk . '' 
 arthur 's blue eyes were cold . 
 chloe gave an audible swallow , but she did n't pull her hand away . 
 the fact that she did n't care what arthur thought made jackson 's stomach do happy flip-flops . 
 `` you can talk in the car , arthur , '' quent said . 
 he walked back to the driver 's seat of the car and arthur climbed in the passenger side . 
 jackson was going to have to sit in the back . 
 jackson turned , a rueful smile on his face . 
 `` i 'll see you later ? '' 
 `` you better , '' chloe answered with a laugh . 
 he stepped up on the porch and kissed her cheek , feeling her sun-kissed skin under his lips . 
 their eyes met , green and brown , and practically ready to throw out sparks . 
 chloe pushed his shoulders and he stepped off the step . 
 `` go before one of them decides to eat you for making them late . '' 
 jackson could n't wipe the grin off his face as he hurried over to the backseat and scrambled in . 
 he sat in the middle seat where at least he had a little bit of room for his long legs . 
 the car was just too small for a full-grown man to be sitting in the backseat . 
 the three men were quiet down the bumpy road to the main highway back into town . 
 jackson 's palms were starting to sweat as he wondered what arthur wanted to talk to him about . 
 from the tone of his voice , jackson had a feeling he was n't going to like what the older man had to say . 
 `` thanks for the ride , quent . 
 i appreciate it , '' jackson finally said , breaking the silence . 
 `` you had to get your truck back somehow , '' quent replied , turning the car onto smooth highway . 
 the wheels hummed as he added speed . 
 `` i need to talk to you about chloe , '' arthur stated as soon as the car was no longer accelerating . 
 jackson felt hot and cold at the same time . 
 if arthur told him he had to leave her ... he was n't sure what he was going to do . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 jackson tried to keep the defensiveness out of his voice , but he did n't succeed . 
 arthur turned around to look at him . 
 `` do you love her ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the ease of the answer surprised jackson . 
 the word had come out before he even had time to think , but he knew it was true . 
 he 'd never loved anyone like he loved her . 
 there had been first loves and even a girl he had considered marrying once , but those emotions were fragile and thin compared to the love he felt for chloe . 
 `` good . 
 i thought so last night , but that confirms it . '' 
 arthur grinned at him . 
 `` congratulations on finding your fated one . '' 
 `` my fated what ? '' 
 jackson frowned . 
 this was n't quite what he had been expecting . 
 `` fated one . 
 you and she were made for one another . 
 you might say she is your soul mate , '' arthur explained . 
 jackson 's confused look did n't shift , so arthur continued . 
 `` real wolves , the kind that do n't shift , often mate for life . 
 specifically alpha wolves . 
 as weres , we take on these characteristics . 
 she is your mate , your one true love . '' 
 jackson shook his head slowly . 
 it made sense in a strange sort of way , and the idea that they were meant to be together rang truer than anything . 
 he had done a little research into wolves since he had begun changing , and what arthur said made sense . 
 `` wait , you said ` specifically alpha wolves . ' 
 i 'm not an alpha , '' jackson finally said after a moment of letting arthur 's words sink in . 
 there was so much going through his mind that he was having difficulty prioritizing his questions . 
 `` yes , i did say that . 
 and , yes , you are an alpha . 
 just because you do n't have a pack to lead does n't mean you are n't one . '' 
 arthur 's blue eyes peered at him . 
 jackson ran his fingers through his hair again . 
 he really needed a haircut . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 jackson asked in a careful tone . 
 in researching wolves , jackson had learned about alpha wolves . 
 they were the leaders . 
 there was only one alpha in a pack . 
 if the old alpha was growing weak , or a new alpha wanted his position , there was often a fight to the death . 
 jackson respected arthur , and the last thing he wanted to do was fight him . 
 arthur laughed , shaking his head as though he could read jackson 's thoughts . 
 `` if you 're worried about having to fight me , you can put your fears aside . 
 we 're part human too , you know . 
 with that means we can use brains instead of brawn . 
 i do n't think you want my pack , so you do n't have to challenge me . '' 
 jackson let out a breath and gave the man a quick smile . 
 `` good . 
 you 're stronger than you look . '' 
 `` i 'd give you a run for your money , that 's for sure , '' arthur said with a chuckle . 
 `` what if i did ? 
 i do n't want your pack , but what if i did ? 
 how do weres handle that ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 jackson 's mind was shying away from the fated one topic for a moment . 
 any question seemed better than the one he knew he needed to ask . 
 `` there are ways to go about it . '' 
 arthur shrugged . 
 `` if it is acceptable to the pack , a smooth transition is best . 
 there have been instances of violent takeovers as needed though . 
 if you want to take over my pack though , just ask first , okay ? '' 
 jackson gave a nervous laugh . 
 `` you got it . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 he had to ask it . 
 `` if chloe is my fated one ... what if i hurt her ? '' 
 arthur smiled . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 it 's one of the perks of her being a fated one . 
 you 'll find she keeps you calm as well . 
 less nightmares , less fear in general . '' 
 `` i wo n't hurt her ? '' 
 jackson repeated . 
 `` no , you wo n't . 
 has that been bothering you ? '' 
 arthur chuckled . 
 `` sometimes i forget that you have no clue what you are . 
 you can not harm your fated one . '' 
 jackson 's shoulders dropped as a weight lifted . 
 he was n't going to hurt her . 
 they could be together , and he did n't have to live in constant fear that he was going to wake up in wolf form and mangle her in their bed . 
 they could be together . 
 he gave serious thought to just jumping out the car window and running back to chloe 's side . 
 `` jackson , '' arthur said , recapturing his attention . 
 `` you have to tell her though . '' 
 `` tell her what ? '' 
 `` i can see you have demons . 
 i can smell them on you and i felt them last night . 
 you have to tell her . '' 
 arthur 's eyes darkened slightly . 
 `` she has a right to know . '' 
 jackson stayed quiet . 
 he did n't want to tell chloe about what he had done . 
 the reason for the nightmares . 
 she was still innocent , but he was covered in blood . 
 `` whatever is haunting you , it will haunt her too . 
 she shares your dreams , remember ? 
 if she knows , then she can understand and help you break free of them . '' 
 arthur peered at him , looking at jackson like no one had ever looked at him before . 
 `` she really is in my dreams , then ? '' 
 jackson asked , his eyes going to his hands . 
 `` yes . 
 another perk of fated ones . '' 
 `` any other ` perks ' i should know about ? '' 
 jackson looked up at arthur . 
 `` you can find her anywhere she goes . 
 same as she can find you . 
 even if she 's not a wolf . 
 you 'll start finding you think alike , and that you preferences are her preferences and vice-versa . 
 you are two halves a whole and you need the other to feel complete . '' 
 arthur smiled softly . 
 `` do you have one ? 
 a fated one ? '' 
 arthur 's face fell into a horrible sadness . 
 `` i did . 
 she died . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' jackson said . 
 arthur shook himself , as though trying to free himself from his despair . 
 `` me too . '' 
 arthur held jackson 's eyes . 
 `` are you going to tell her ? '' 
 jackson thought for a moment . 
 he did n't want to keep anything from chloe , but he was afraid of what she might think of him if he told her . 
 she was a gentle soul , kind and compassionate . 
 what would she think of him if she knew the horror and destruction he had wrought ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' jackson answered honestly . 
 arthur nodded slowly . 
 `` do what you think is right . 
 she will know everything about you eventually , and i guarantee should would rather find out from you than on her own . '' 
 arthur returned to facing forward . 
 the car was quiet again . 
 jackson 's mind buzzed with thoughts . 
 he was n't sure how he was going to tell chloe what he had done , but that was pushed to the back of his brain . 
 one thought kept bubbling to the surface and made it hard to concentrate on anything else . 
 he was n't going to hurt chloe . 
 he could be with her . 
 and that was what he wanted more than anything else in the world . 
 chapter 30 jackson walked casually onto the base after being dropped off a quarter mile down the road . 
 he showed the gate guard his id and began walking toward the parking lot with his truck . 
 the snow was almost melted and dead yellow grass lay in strange patterns as he walked across the field to his truck . 
 as he came closer to the building , he could see yellow tape blocking off the main entrance , and numerous military police vehicles parked along the edge of the building . 
 the smell of acrid electrical smoke and water hung heavy in the air . 
 it made jackson 's nose itch . 
 a guard stood at the corner of the building , waving away anyone coming toward the medical center . 
 jackson could hear him tell a group of soldiers that the medics were now located in the chapel for the time being . 
 jackson sauntered over to the guard . 
 the guard gave him a polite nod , noting the rank on jackson 's uniform as he straightened . 
 he rendered a quick salute . 
 jackson returned the salute lazily , as if telling him that it was no big deal . 
 `` what 's going on over there , specialist ? '' 
 jackson asked , giving the man his most friendly smile . 
 the specialist relaxed as he saw the captain was n't going to pull rank on him . 
 `` well , sir , there was an accident last night . '' 
 `` what kind of accident ? 
 it smells terrible ! '' 
 jackson leaned against a nearby tree . 
 `` you 've got a rough job today , '' jackson said . 
 the soldier smiled , warming up to him . 
 `` there was an electrical fire . 
 the experiment in the lab it was in was ruined , '' the soldier said . 
 jackson nodded . 
 `` anything to do with the colonel 's death ? 
 i heard a rumor he was there . '' 
 the soldier nodded , his body language relaxing the longer jackson spoke with him . 
 this was how jackson got a lot of his intelligence ; just being friendly . 
 `` rumor is the colonel started it , '' the soldier replied , leaning in conspiratorially . 
 `` they say he was n't pleased with how the experiment was going and blew a gasket . '' 
 jackson nodded . 
 `` after meeting the colonel , i would n't doubt it . 
 he was n't exactly polite the last time i had to work with him . '' 
 `` i hate to speak ill of the dead , sir , but i have to agree with you . '' 
 the soldier glanced around and then whispered to jackson , `` rumor is if he had survived , he 'd be looking at a court-martial for some of the things he authorized . '' 
 `` wow , at least now i know why i did n't have a good feeling about him . 
 did anyone else get hurt ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 `` yeah , the scientist who was working the lab . 
 just some burns . 
 he 's with the mps now if you need to talk to him , '' the soldier offered up helpfully . 
 jackson shook his head . 
 `` it 's my day off and i 'm just here to get my car today . 
 you know how the army is , though . 
 i have a feeling i 'll get called in tomorrow to help sort this mess out . '' 
 `` good day to be off . 
 hope you get the rest of it off , '' the specialist replied , waving his hand to indicate the weather . 
 `` yeah , it is . 
 do n't get sunburned , '' jackson joked as he turned to walk toward his car . 
 so far , things seemed to be going the way they should , but he still wanted to do some checking before heading back to tell chloe it was safe . 
 jackson 's truck rumbled to life , and he drove it to the front of the little building he used as his office . 
 the guard that had been stationed there was gone , and jackson was glad he did n't have to show id just to get into his office anymore . 
 things were already changing with the colonel gone . 
 the door to jackson 's office swung open easily and he did his usual checks to see if anyone had been inside . 
 no one had . 
 he pulled out his computer , waiting at the boot screen so he could dig up files and make sure herbert was sticking to his story . 
 jackson 's eyes fell on the picture of his unit . 
 he stood , picking it up and cradling it in his hands . 
 he missed them . 
 he would have given his right arm to have them back , but he knew that was n't an option . 
 their eyes stared out at him from the frame , and he knew he had to tell chloe . 
 even if she hated him for it , he had to tell her . 
 the computer beeped and he set the picture down , pulling up his search boxes and quickly querying the system . 
 several reports had already been filed , and jackson checked them one by one . 
 each one said the same thing . 
 the colonel had been angry at the lack of progress on his pet project and had taken the drug himself . 
 it reacted badly and he had knocked over the tanks , thus starting the electrical fire . 
 the test subjects dr. hulsey had been using had n't even been in the lab that night , according to the doctor . 
 so far , it appeared as though herbert was sticking to the story and that they were believing it . 
 jackson searched through the reports for another thirty minutes , but no new information came up . 
 he checked on the status of the men who had attacked them earlier , but with colonel bronn gone , there was no reason for them to keep searching for chloe . 
 it appeared as though they were all going to get out of this without too much trouble , but he was going to have to keep an eye on the situation . 
 jackson did n't want any surprises coming up that could put chloe in danger . 
 jackson closed the lid to his laptop . 
 he was n't quite sure how he was going to explain blake , joel , and evan 's disappearance from the base , but since they were never officially on-base to begin with , he was n't too worried . 
 if what the specialist had said about bronn 's authorizations being questioned , the fake orders to afghanistan would pop up soon enough . 
 maybe even his connection with the men who attacked chloe would come to light . 
 a guy could dream . 
 with a creak of the chair , jackson stood and stretched before putting the laptop in a protective case . 
 he thought about stopping for flowers , but changed his mind , instead simply heading out to his truck and tucking the laptop under the passenger seat . 
 a smile crossed his face as he started the engine , ready to go back up to the camp . 
 he was going to see chloe . 
 chapter 31 chloe sat by the window overlooking the courtyard wrapped in a big quilt she had found on one of the beds . 
 she had let the fire go out in the cabin but the warm sunshine coming in through the windows was keeping her toasty and comfortable . 
 she had genetics books spread out on the table in front of her , but she was having a hard time concentrating . 
 she kept glancing out the window at every sound , hoping it was jackson coming back . 
 a knock on the door startled her . 
 `` it 's open ! '' 
 she called as she attempted to untangle herself from the blanket . 
 `` hey , chloe , '' blake said , opening the door and kicking the snow off his boots before stepping inside . 
 she beamed up at him , finally escaping the clutches of the quilt . 
 blake wrapped her up in a big bear hug , popping her back in the process . 
 she still could n't believe how strong he was . 
 or that he was a good three inches taller than when she had last seen him . 
 he had changed quite a bit , but his green eyes were still the same . 
 she knew that even though he was different , he was still her little brother at heart . 
 `` how are you doing ? 
 i have n't seen you since last night , and it 's way past noon now , '' she said , as he set her down from his hug . 
 he grinned . 
 `` just woke up . 
 that wolf stuff is exhausting . 
 i 've never run so far so fast ... i 'm feeling it now , but last night was awesome . '' 
 chloe shook her head at him , going back to her chair and wrapping up in the blanket . 
 `` you want me to restart the fire ? '' 
 blake asked , watching her cuddle into the blanket . 
 she nodded and he laughed , going to the small fireplace . 
 he picked out several small pieces of kindling from the woodpile by the door and started building a wood base . 
 `` you always were better at the outdoorsy stuff than me , '' chloe commented as he quickly got a small fire dancing . 
 he added more wood and kept coaxing the flames . 
 `` you know we 're inside right ? '' 
 he teased . 
 he looked over at her , his eyes soft . 
 `` chloe , i need to thank you . 
 from what i 've been told , i 'd be a real monster if you had n't saved me . 
 thank you for not giving up on me . '' 
 `` you know i 've never been good at leaving you alone , '' chloe said with a smile . 
 `` just , no signing up for weird experiments again , okay ? '' 
 blake laughed , leaning back on the balls of his feet as the fire caught on the bigger logs blake fed into the fireplace . 
 `` arthur says i ca n't tell mom , so i 'm glad i 've got you . 
 we always were good at secrets . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` can you imagine what she would say if i did ? '' 
 chloe put on her sternest face , frowning and pulling her brows together . 
 `` blake madison , if you pee on the houseplants again , i will make you sleep in the doghouse ! '' 
 blake laughed , balancing himself with his hand on the stones of the fireplace . 
 `` you do a spooky imitation of mom . 
 i remember her saying that ! '' 
 `` you were in so much trouble . 
 i could n't believe you had actually done it , '' chloe snickered . 
 the room already felt warmer with the fire going . 
 blake opened his mouth to say something , but instead cocked his head to the side for a moment . 
 `` what is it , blake ? '' 
 `` someone 's coming up the road . 
 truck if i had to guess . '' 
 his eyes grew distant as he listened to a sound chloe could n't hear . 
 `` it must be jackson . '' 
 chloe felt her heartbeat speed up . 
 even though she had seen him only a few hours before , she could n't wait to have him back with her . 
 `` hey , sis , '' blake said , standing from the fire and sitting down in the chair next to her . 
 `` i know there 's something between the two of you . 
 i 'm okay with it , after last night , i actually really like the guy , but be careful , okay ? '' 
 chloe smiled . 
 she could hear the truck now . 
 `` thanks , blake . '' 
 `` just looking out for my big sister . '' 
 he grinned at her and looked out the window . 
 `` you 've got a visitor , '' he said in a teasing , sing-song voice . 
 she smacked him on the shoulder and he laughed . 
 chloe heard the truck stop and the door open . 
 he was walking toward her cabin and it made her heart soar . 
 blake leaned forward and gave her a hug , wrinkling his nose as he pulled back . 
 `` i can smell the happy hormones all over you . '' 
 blake made a disgusted gagging noise and chloe smacked him again . 
 he winked and stood up . 
 `` do n't do anything i would n't do . '' 
 chloe rolled her eyes and sighed . 
 blake opened the door to reveal jackson raising his hand about to knock . 
 `` good to see you , sir , '' blake said , stepping out on the porch and taking jackson 's hand in a friendly handshake . 
 if jackson was surprised , he did n't show it . 
 `` good to see you too , '' jackson answered back amicably . 
 his eyes were on chloe rather than her brother though . 
 `` chloe , i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` sure , come on in , '' chloe told him , opening the door a little wider to let him in . 
 `` oh , captain wolfe ? '' 
 blake blocked jackson 's progress inside . 
 `` i just want you to know , you better take good care of her . 
 you hurt her , and i 'll - '' `` have to kill me , '' jackson finished for him . 
 `` i know . 
 between you and quent , i 'm a dead man . '' 
 `` that 's if they get to you before i do , '' chloe said . 
 she flashed a grin at the two men . 
 `` i know how to do stuff , too . '' 
 blake laughed , stepping to the side to let jackson pass . 
 blake chuckled to himself as he walked into the woods , looking for his friends . 
 jackson closed the door behind him . 
 chloe was out of her quilt and on her feet before the door finished clicking shut , reaching to kiss him as he turned . 
 his lips were soft and his face rough with stubble . 
 it was n't so short that it was like sandpaper , but more a gentle prickle that contrasted with the sweetness of his kiss in the most delectable way . 
 `` chloe , i need to talk to you , '' he repeated , pulling reluctantly out of her kiss . 
 his face was troubled and his eyes were dark . 
 she smiled gently and sat down at the table . 
 `` sure . 
 you can tell me anything . '' 
 jackson moved slowly to the chair blake had been sitting in earlier . 
 he did n't want to tell her . 
 it was the last thing he wanted to do , but he needed her to know . 
 she needed to know his story before she became a part of it . 
 `` i have nightmares , '' he began . 
 he stopped and took a deep breath . 
 her green eyes sparkled encouragement at him . 
 he had to tell her . 
 `` the first time i changed , i did something terrible . 
 i killed people . 
 they deserved it , but ... '' `` you do n't have to tell me if you do n't want to , '' she said , feeling his anxiety . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , i need you to know what i did . 
 if you hate me for it , i 'll understand , but you should know the kind of man you 're getting into bed with . 
 so to speak . '' 
 `` okay . 
 tell me . '' 
 she put her hands in her lap , her eyes focused only on him . 
 she gave him a moment to collect his thoughts . 
 whatever it was he needed to tell her , she knew it was n't something he was proud of . 
 she did n't care , though . 
 jackson took a deep breath and began to tell his story . 
 chapter 32 one year earlier : kandahar , afghanistan `` he has n't spoken to anyone yet , sir , '' the armed guard outside the tent said . 
 `` good , '' captain wolfe replied . 
 he chambered a round in his own pistol just in case things got crazy in there . 
 `` is the video equipment set up ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 the doctor said it was a pain in the ass to work around , but he knows the difference between a request and an order . '' 
 wolfe nodded . 
 he pulled the flap back from the tent and took a quick look inside before pushing the flap back into place . 
 he had recognized the doctor , his enlisted nurse , and the man handcuffed to the bed was obviously the prisoner , but ... `` who 's the fourth guy ? '' 
 wolfe asked . 
 `` he 's the guy who brought him in . 
 an afghan national army officer named actor , i think ? '' 
 wolfe nodded . 
 `` akhtar . '' 
 he had heard that akhtar had helped americans in the past , one of the only ethnically pashto officers in the region . 
 wolfe pulled out his notepad and began to walk into the tent . 
 the younger soldier stopped him . 
 `` will you need a translator ? '' 
 wolfe smiled . 
 `` my pashto is n't quite as good as my dari , but i think i 'll manage . '' 
 he entered the medical tent . 
 it was always cool in the medical tent , and even when the base was on low supplies , the medical tent 's air conditioner was kept running . 
 it smelled of alcohol , but wolfe knew that there was no hooch being brewed in a bathtub still here . 
 wolfe turned to the man in camo by the wall of the tent . 
 he crossed to him quickly , his hand outstretched . 
 `` al saleem aleykum . '' 
 -lrb- hello . -rrb- 
 wolfe fell into the language easily , even though he spoke at a first grade level . '' 
 -lrb- my name is wolfe . 
 thank you for bringing this guy in . -rrb- '' 
 a toothy smile crossed the man 's face . '' 
 -lrb- i am akhtar . 
 anything for our american friends . -rrb- '' 
 wolfe smelled a hint of nervousness about him , even over the smell of his unwashed uniform and body . 
 however , nervousness was n't all that uncommon among even the most loyal of american allies . 
 it was n't something that wolfe was proud of , but many of the native afghanis had plenty of reasons to fear all americans . 
 wolfe turned to the man in the bed . 
 he had taken a bullet to the upper shin , just below the knee . 
 the doctor had stabilized him , and he would n't lose the leg , but the doctor also had insinuated that if he did n't get to a real hospital soon , he would need to get it amputated . 
 wolfe thought such threats were distasteful , but in war , they were useful . 
 the fear dripping off him filled the entire tent . 
 wolfe strolled up to him . 
 the enemy combatant had been involved in an ambush , at a place where nobody should have known americans were . 
 two young men had lost their lives , and an entire mission had to be scrapped while the area calmed down . 
 wolfe did n't waste any time . '' 
 -lrb- who are you with ? -rrb- '' 
 the man stayed silent . '' 
 -lrb- are you with the taliban ? -rrb- '' 
 the man smiled . '' 
 -lrb- yes ? 
 okay , who is your commanding officer ? -rrb- '' 
 the man laughed . 
 no answer was going to come easily from him . 
 his dark eyes were defiant , but wolfe knew that he was scared . 
 he could smell it . 
 -lrb- `` how did you know that the americans would be in that valley ? '' -rrb- 
 when the man again went silent , wolfe continued . '' 
 -lrb- you 'll tell me if you want to keep that leg . -rrb- '' 
 the man frowned . 
 his eyes darted around the room , but then he looked up at wolfe with hatred in his eyes . 
 he spit and then hurled a long string of words that wolfe only caught bits and pieces of . 
 `` infidel '' and `` stupid american '' were words he understood , though . 
 wolfe rolled his eyes . 
 he reached in and grabbed the man 's leg , below the spot where he was shot but firm enough that every movement sent shocks of pain through the man 's nervous system . 
 the man yelled , then panted with desperation . 
 he was a lot quieter . '' 
 -lrb- good . 
 let me ask again . 
 who told you that the americans would be in that valley ? -rrb- '' 
 wolfe asked . 
 a tear escaped from his squinted shut eyes , and suddenly , he opened them . 
 he looked at akhtar . 
 quickly , wolfe looked over at him , too , just in time to see him shake his head just a little bit . 
 akhtar 's eyes flicked from the wounded combatant to wolfe , realizing that he had just seen him pass a signal . 
 immediately , he began to sweat fear . 
 `` sergeant ! '' 
 wolfe yelled at the nurse while pointing at akhtar . 
 `` get him out of here ! '' 
 the nurse jumped to his feet , grabbing akhtar roughly and pulling him out of the tent . 
 the doctor just stood there , wide eyed . 
 wolfe jerked his hand again , causing a fresh wave of pain to run through the enemy 's body . '' 
 -lrb- now ! 
 who told you ? -rrb- '' 
 the man closed his eyes . '' 
 -lrb- god will protect me , i will tell you nothing . -rrb- '' 
 wolfe knew it was the truth . 
 he angrily let go of the man 's leg and stormed out of the tent . 
 akhtar had a momentary wave of fear fly out of his body , but then smiled confidently . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 wolfe yelled at akhtar in english as he grabbed his collar . 
 akhtar just spread his hands and shrugged , a smile on his face . 
 wolfe lifted him up off the ground before realizing that everyone around was watching him . 
 he threw akhtar on the ground , then stormed off . 
 *** `` good morning , everyone . 
 could i get everyone to take a seat for today 's security brief ? '' 
 the young lieutenant waited for the officers and senior enlisted to stagger to their seats . 
 many carried coffee cups , some carried notebooks , and all looked half asleep . 
 wolfe was n't much better off , but he was attentive . 
 after all , many of these men never left the wire . 
 his job more often than not took him to dangerous parts of the area . 
 the lieutenant went through the basic parts of the local intel . 
 there was a mortar attack on a neighboring base the night before . 
 a roadside bomb hit a civilian convoy . 
 there was chatter about increased attacks during ramadan , but that was months away . 
 `` that concludes the unclassified portion of this brief , and we 'll be starting the top secret intelligence portion of the brief . 
 i 'll ask that all uncleared personnel leave the room . 
 i 'll be turning it over to colonel donato . '' 
 with that , most of the junior officers and enlisted personnel left the room , including the lieutenant who had spoken up until now . 
 there was n't always classified intel to give out , but when there was , everyone complied with the orders not to share it . 
 colonel donato stayed in his seat , and the rest of the people in the room shuffled to seats closer to him . 
 `` captain wolfe , '' he started immediately . 
 `` yes , sir , '' wolfe responded . 
 `` your team has been tasked with going to a local village off the beaten path . 
 i ca n't pronounce this name but you might recognize it , '' donato said , sliding a folder over to him . 
 wolfe nodded . 
 he did recognize it , a village he had built good relations with in the brief time since he had arrived here . 
 he opened the folder . 
 `` seems they 've been getting pretty friendly with the enemy . 
 i want you go to there and remind them who their friends really are . 
 roll in with a display of force if you have to . '' 
 wolfe furrowed his brow . 
 he had sensed no deception the last time he had gone there , and the sheikh had welcomed the americans with open arms . 
 `` sir , where are we getting this intel from ? '' 
 `` we got this direct from the afghan national army . 
 now , you 're to go there and - '' `` who in the ana ? '' 
 wolfe asked , cutting off the colonel . 
 donato looked at him as if he was going to reprimand him , then answered the question . 
 `` a guy named actor or something . '' 
 wolfe yelled . 
 `` akhtar ? 
 i filed a report on him a couple days ago ! 
 sir , i think he 's the one working for the enemy . '' 
 donato looked alarmed , then motioned one of his advisers to him . 
 the man whispered in his ear , and donato nodded . 
 `` i was unaware of your altercation with the man , '' he said , speaking to wolfe again . 
 `` as you 're aware , there 's a lot of operations going on here . 
 are you going to be able to handle this one , or am i going to have to send your team in without you ? '' 
 wolfe swallowed . 
 sending his squad in without their commander would be as good as him resigning his commission . 
 `` no , sir . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` good . 
 your sp time is 0900 , '' donato said . 
 wolfe recognized the military lingo for starting point time . 
 `` you 'll be escorted by a squad of infantry there and back , but you 'll be in command . 
 i want you to roll in with a show of force and remind them who their allies are . 
 be careful , but do n't let your history with this ` actor ' to cloud your judgment . 
 you 're dismissed so you can get your squad ready . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' wolfe said , annoyed at the dismissal . 
 he stormed back to his tent , rousing his men from their sleep . 
 he could n't shake the bad feeling he had , though . 
 *** as the vehicles rolled up , mothers grabbed their children and pulled them inside their mud huts . 
 wolfe could n't blame them . 
 they were rolling up in a highly armed military convoy , much bigger than the previous times they had come here . 
 wolfe left one of the infantry in each of the driver 's seats and gunner 's spots of their convoy , realizing that his squad would be nothing but passengers if they needed to get out of there in a hurry . 
 his ten man squad , made up of eight senior enlisted men , a lieutenant , and himself , kept their rifles at the low ready as they made their way to the sheikh 's hut . 
 wolfe noticed that there were n't any kids outside playing , but even that was n't too bizarre . 
 there were still men outside , doing their daily activities , and he did n't get any weird smells from them . 
 still , he hoped that this operation would be over with quickly . 
 the sheikh was waiting outside his hut , barefoot and in the white garb of his culture . 
 without a word , he motioned them to come inside of his hut . 
 wolfe could tell he was nervous . 
 he motioned for two of his men to stay at the door . 
 as soon as he was inside , he took off his kevlar helmet and set it on the table . 
 the sheikh went to his spot at the table and yelled to his wife . 
 in a moment , she had a tray full of small glasses and a pot of tea . 
 her hands shook , rattling the dishes . 
 wolfe knew that the sheikh knew no english , so he started talking in his native pashto immediately . '' 
 -lrb- i hear news that you 've been speaking with the insurgency . -rrb- '' 
 the sheikh looked at wolfe . '' 
 -lrb- sir , -rrb- '' he started , then looked out the window quickly . 
 wolfe could smell a sudden wash of fear roll over him . '' 
 -lrb- i do n't know what you 're talking about . -rrb- '' 
 wolfe was on high alert . '' 
 -lrb- what 's out the window ? -rrb- '' 
 the sheikh shrugged . 
 wolfe looked out the window himself . 
 he did n't see anything , but the sheikh had a different angle . 
 he moved toward him ... suddenly , the sheikh raised up his hands , as if to protect himself . '' 
 -lrb- they made me ! 
 they made me ! -rrb- '' 
 he yelled . 
 wolfe realized this was an ambush . 
 `` it 's a trap ! 
 get back to the vehicles , quick ! '' 
 his squad began to move for the door , but in a moment , he was transported to hell . 
 there was a series of explosions outside , and gunfire peppered the front of the house . 
 wolfe watched out the window as his two men that were outside went down . 
 he hit the deck immediately , but not before seeing plumes of smoke rising from where the vehicles were parked . 
 there was no return gunfire coming from that area . 
 he looked at his helmet and realized he could n't get to it with all the bullets punching through the fragile mud hut . 
 `` out the back door ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the eight survivors began to work their way toward the back . 
 wolfe was the first one out , and he took up a kneeling position right outside the door . 
 each soldier got in a different position , covering a different firing lane . 
 they stayed there for a moment , stacking up , biding their time . 
 wolfe did n't know what to do exactly , but his training told him that they had to get out of there quick . 
 he was about to order them to move to the next house over , when someone popped out of a house further back in the village . 
 the weapon he was holding was all too familiar . 
 `` rpg ! '' 
 wolfe yelled as an explosion hit the front of the house behind him . 
 that probably saved his life , as it propelled him away from the house just as he saw the second rocket propelled grenade sail over his head . 
 it hit the roof of the sheikh 's house , and the second blast knocked the wind out of him . 
 he struggled to get to his feet to try and return fire , barely pulling one of his men to safety before a bullet seared into his shoulder . 
 the gunfire intensified . 
 he fell to the ground again . 
 he watched as the man he had just rescued took a bullet to the face , and the rage began to build inside of him . 
 rage at the enemy , but at akhtar in particular . 
 his vision tunneled , and as he began to pass out , the only thing he could think about was revenge . 
 *** a flash of light , and suddenly his vision was crystal clear . 
 wolfe felt his body morphing . 
 changing . 
 he dared not move with everything going on above him , but he felt the energy surging through him , along with the pain of his body rearranging itself . 
 he nearly passed out again , but as he looked up , he watched another squaddie go down , a bullet wound in his head as well . 
 that was all he needed . 
 in a moment , he was on all fours , somehow moving faster than he had ever moved . 
 he galloped toward the nearest enemy combatant . 
 the man never stood a chance . 
 he smelled the fear of a nearby man laying down with a rifle , and he watched as the rifle began to point toward him . 
 wolfe was on him before he could fire ... *** still in a daze , he stacked the bodies of the enemy platoon in a neat pile , then took a lighter off of one of the men . 
 he had to hide this . 
 he sat nak * d next to the pile of bodies , watching as some of them still twitched as the fire caressed their bodies . 
 one man regained consciousness enough to start screaming , startling wolfe out of his shell shocked state . 
 he reached out to the man , trying to pull him from the burning pile . 
 in a moment , however , he saw the blood oozing from the mangled remains of his arms , legs , and torso , and he realized that the man would never survive . 
 a nearby knife provided all the mercy that wolfe could give the man as it raked across his throat . 
 wolfe heard the horrified screams of women and children behind him , but he doubted he would have even understood them if they were speaking english . 
 he dropped the knife and began to stagger away from the bodies and tried to get back to his uniform . 
 he suddenly felt like he had n't slept in days , and he passed out no more than ten paces from the pile of bodies . 
 *** an hour later , a platoon of infantry rolled up , ten times as armed as the last one had been . 
 the infantry that had been under wolfe were all dead , killed in their vehicles when the whole road blew up underneath them . 
 several mothers were crying over their dead children as the soldiers made their way to the sheikh 's house . 
 they glared at the soldiers and yelled at them as if the americans had killed them instead of the bullets of their own people . 
 the sheikh 's house was nothing but rubble , the sheikh and his wife buried alive . 
 the two soldiers at the front of the house were positively identified , but some of the bodies in back would have to be brought back to the base before they could be id 'd . 
 however , in a field of opium behind the house , they found one survivor . 
 `` he 's in shock , '' the field medic stated to the infantry commander . 
 `` who knows what he 's gone through ? 
 his clothes look like they 've been torn from his body , though i see no signs of trauma other than this bullet wound . 
 even his dog tag chain is broken . '' 
 `` get him stabilized and call the chopper , we 've got to air lift him out of here as soon as possible , '' the commander said . 
 `` sir , what about the people of the village . 
 some of them are saying something about a ` demon wolf ' ? '' 
 the infantry commander paused . 
 `` do you know what that means ? '' 
 the field medic sighed . 
 `` no , sir . 
 and none of the enemies are still alive . 
 we think it might be bombs that burned them , but we 're not sure . 
 whatever got them , it did a thorough job . '' 
 `` then let 's get our men out of here . 
 if these a ** holes are too stupid to work their own bombs properly , then we have no time for them . '' 
 the field medic shouted a `` yes , sir ! '' 
 and got on the radio about the chopper coming in . 
 it was n't until later that he noted in his after action review that the bodies of the enemy combatants were neatly stacked in a way that could n't have possibly been from bombs going off . 
 chapter 33 `` i woke up in a medical tent with perfect memory of what had happened . 
 i never told a soul what really happened until now , '' jackson finished . 
 `` they had to tie me down at night because i would have nightmares about it . 
 i struck an orderly once and broke his jaw . '' 
 he watched chloe 's face , trying to gauge her reaction . 
 her face was unreadable , only a slight frown creasing her forehead . 
 the insides of his stomach knotted up , afraid she was going to tell him to get out . 
 it had felt good to tell someone the truth , but now that he was finished , he was afraid . 
 `` you were afraid you were going to hurt me , were n't you ? 
 that 's why you pushed me away at first ? '' 
 she asked . 
 jackson nodded . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt anyone again . 
 especially not you . '' 
 chloe reached out a gentle hand , her fingers caressing the curve of jackson 's face . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i knew from the moment i met you that you would never hurt me . '' 
 he kissed her hand , relief flooding through him . 
 she did n't hate him . 
 she pulled lightly at his chin , raising his face to look at hers . 
 `` you do n't hate me then ? 
 you 're not afraid of me ? '' 
 jackson 's voice quivered slightly as he looked into her beautiful green eyes . 
 `` no . 
 how could i hate you for defending yourself ? 
 those men were going to kill you . 
 they would have if you had n't changed . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` thank you for telling me . 
 i know it was hard . '' 
 jackson brushed a strand of brown hair off her forehead , tucking it behind her ear . 
 she smiled , and pressed her cheek into his hand . 
 he could feel her heart beating against his skin , strong and sure . 
 he leaned forward and kissed her . 
 it was just a simple kiss , their lips touching for only a moment , but it held such power jackson thought his heart might stop . 
 `` i love you , jackson , '' chloe whispered . 
 her green eyes shone with the truth of her statement . 
 `` i 've loved you since the moment i saw you , chloe . 
 i 'll love you forever . '' 
 his voice failed him at the end , and he simply kissed her again . 
 jackson 's heart sang . 
 he could be with her . 
 she knew everything and she understood . 
 she was his fated one and he knew that he would love her until the end of his days . 
 she slipped her tongue between his lips , tasting him and giving him a taste of herself . 
 the fire in jackson 's blood roared to life . 
 her scent enveloped him , and the only thing he could think of was her . 
 her insistent kisses told her she was thinking the same thing . 
 he was up and out of his chair in a heartbeat , leaning down and kissing her . 
 his big hand wrapped around the side of her face , cradling her as he kissed her . 
 she leaned up into him , allowing the passion to flow from her to him . 
 as he continued to kiss her , she could feel him building up to a frenzy . 
 the scruff of his face tickled hers as his kisses became more and more animalistic . 
 soon , he had pulled her to her feet . 
 she jumped up into his huge , muscular arms and wrapped her legs around him , feeling the heat radiating off every inch of his body . 
 his hands supported her ass as she began to grind against him . 
 her shirt was off in a heartbeat , and his was n't far behind . 
 she pulled her bra off quickly , allowing their chests to touch . 
 he pressed her against his body , and she loved the feeling of the muscles in his chest . 
 his fingers dug into her ass through her jeans , and she worked her nails into the hard strength of his back . 
 as she felt her nail draw blood , he seemed to roar . 
 finally , she thought . 
 he pulled away from the kiss , his golden eyes looking at her with a hunger and intensity that she had never seen before . 
 his hands moved to her sides , and as he lifted , she unraveled herself from him . 
 in a moment , she was flying through the air , still supported by his strong hands . 
 as she landed on the bed , she squealed with laughter . 
 when she looked up at him , he had no such humor on his face . 
 he was pawing at her pants , and she lifted her h * ps to help him . 
 in another moment , they were down off her ankles . 
 she was glad that she had n't worn her best panties , because in the next moment he had his hands inside the crotch , tearing them from her body with a loud ripping sound . 
 she gasped , amazed as his strength and ferociousness . 
 as soon as the remnants of her underwear were off her body , she felt his stubble against her inner thigh . 
 her hands went to his hair as he began to lick her , lapping at her labia like the thirstiest man in the world . 
 the long strokes of his tongue immediately began to get her worked up , and she writhed into his face . 
 soon , however , he began to make the strokes shorter and shorter , concentrating on just her nub . 
 as his tongue began to rapidly flick against her clit , she found herself quickly rising up . 
 the combination of the heat from his body and the sweat that was already forming on the both of their bodies made her super aware of every move that he made . 
 it felt like nothing she had ever experienced before . 
 it felt like heaven . 
 she opened her eyes and looked down at him , only to see his yellow eyes looking up at her with a lust that could never be sated . 
 he was drinking in her entire body with his eyes , every dimple , every inch of her skin . 
 her chin tilted up and her eyes rolled back into her head as his efforts intensified . 
 she , too , felt an animal desire within her . 
 she did n't know if it was related to the werewolf gene , only that he could feel the wolf within him and that it was affecting her thoughts as well . 
 she began to moan in a way that she never had before , just as the first wave of the orgasm hit . 
 she squeezed her legs together with strength she did n't know she had , drawing him in further . 
 his strong hands moved to hold her at bay as he still licked her furiously . 
 her h * ps continued to buck as he pleasured her , wave after wave of sheer ecstasy running through her like a drug . 
 as she began to come down off her orgasm , he abruptly stopped . 
 she caught a flash of his teeth , his incisors grown out to a longer length , just long enough to be noticed . 
 he kept his eyes locked on her as he removed his belt and pulled down his pants . 
 his penis was huge and erect , and she could tell that her body was all that he could think about . 
 as he stood before her for a moment nak * d , she realized that she could never be apart from him again . 
 he only stood like that for a moment before he was upon her , moving faster than she had ever seen a man move . 
 she heard his guttural growl as he began to kiss her neck , his h * ps arching toward her . 
 she could feel his huge manhood press against her velvet folds , and she yielded to his advances . 
 in a moment , he was within her , filling her completely . 
 she could feel herself spreading to accept him , and it was a feeling that she knew she would never get used to , and certainly never tire of . 
 within a moment , he was thrusting furiously within her . 
 his tongue moved from her neck to her br ** sts , hungrily licking at her n ** ples while she writhed under him . 
 her h * ps arched , and she dug her nails into his back , trying to draw him in deeper . 
 this time she knew she was drawing blood , and it only seemed to spur him on . 
 the wild lust in his eyes as he looked up at her confirmed that he was lost to his own impulses , a beast out of control . 
 he wrapped his arms around her back and flipped her over , putting her on top of him . 
 she began to writhe on top of him , her hands going to her hair and mussing it up as she rode him . 
 the heat of his body had caused her to sweat , and it now ran down her body in droplets . 
 her forehead was sweating too , matting her hair and making her exert herself more . 
 she loved every bit of it . 
 he looked up at her , and they locked eyes . 
 chloe could feel the psychic link between the two of them , could literally hear the feelings of his lust as he thought them . 
 she saw herself as she was through his eyes , and she had never looked more beautiful . 
 he leaned up and put his hands on her back , pulling her down . 
 then he began to thrust hard and fast , pushing up inside of her as quickly as he could . 
 she practically screamed in his ear as his hand grasped at her hair , pulling it tightly . 
 she felt her body open to him , felt him hitting that spot over and over again . 
 her entire body began to shake as her muscles twitched . 
 he felt her clamp down on him , the muscles inside her massaging his manhood and it just turned him on more . 
 her mouth opened in a wordless scream as the most intense orgasm of her life seared through her body . 
 he kept thrusting until she collapsed against him , gasping for air loudly . 
 their sweaty bodies slid against each other until she lifted her head again and saw him finally smile . 
 soon , the smile faded away as the wolf began to plow into her . 
 her moans intensified once again . 
 suddenly , he pulled out of her . 
 he moved out from under her and positioned himself behind her . 
 she eagerly backed up into him as she felt his erect member press against her velvet . 
 as he entered her , she heard him hiss with pleasure . 
 she moved back and forth on him as his hands grasped her ass , digging his nails into her . 
 she had never been so turned on . 
 he began to thrust , going even deeper than he had before . 
 she felt herself growing to accommodate him , making room for him . 
 she felt herself rising toward orgasm even quicker this time . 
 with every thrust , his nails seemed to dig deeper into her . 
 suddenly , jackson leaned down and grabbed onto her hair , pulling her up . 
 she arched her back , the sudden pain shocking her and making her gasp . 
 he wrapped his other hand around her neck and breathed into her ear as he continued to drill into her . 
 chloe could feel him swelling within her , knew that he was close to release . 
 it drove her that much closer to orgasm . 
 a low growl left jackson 's throat , and without warning his mouth wrapped itself around her shoulder , his teeth sinking into her flesh . 
 the pain was intense at first , making her arch her back even more and tense up , even as he kept making love to her . 
 soon , though , it seemed as if their bodies were merging , as if they had always been a part of each other , like he was fitting himself in a slot meant just for him in her body . 
 she had never felt so close to another human being , and as she felt the first warm splash within her , time seemed to freeze . 
 the two of them explored each other 's minds , growing closer as they came together . 
 chloe 's body shook violently while jackson 's jaw clenched and relaxed . 
 neither wanted this moment to ever end . 
 eventually , though , it did . 
 jackson 's jaw relaxed and released chloe , and she slumped to the bed . 
 she was practically catatonic with pleasure . 
 jackson leaned back and sighed with his own pleasure . 
 however , when he looked at her beautiful body relaxing on the bed , he saw what he had done to her . 
 he jumped up immediately and went to get a towel . 
 `` quent told me i would n't hurt you . 
 that i could n't hurt you . '' 
 chloe was puzzled . 
 `` quent said that ? '' 
 she reached back , touching the wound with her fingers . 
 `` it does n't hurt . '' 
 jackson returned with a towel . 
 he began to wipe at the blood that had dripped down her back , then applied pressure to the bite mark . 
 `` hold this here . 
 i 'm going to get something else to wrap around it while we get you to a hospital . 
 chloe stood up as soon as he was off of her . 
 when jackson returned with a shirt , he saw her looking at her back in the mirror . 
 she was smiling . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 keep pressure on the wound ! '' 
 he said , moving toward her quickly . 
 chloe giggled . 
 `` it 's already healed . 
 see ? 
 no new blood . '' 
 jackson looked closely . 
 `` unbelievable . 
 some of those puncture wounds were deep . '' 
 chloe smiled as she looked at it closer . 
 `` you 're telling me . 
 i thought you had gone rabid for a moment . '' 
 he moved away from her . 
 `` i ca n't be with you any longer , chloe . 
 who knows what i might do next time ? '' 
 he began to pull his pants on . 
 chloe moved to him . 
 `` hey ! 
 look at me ! '' 
 he looked her in the eye . 
 his eyes were back to normal , but they were still full of love for her . 
 she moved his hand to the bite mark , letting his fingers run over it . 
 `` this is n't a regular bite . 
 this was meant for only me . 
 this is your mark . 
 we 're connected now , you and i. '' `` how do you know that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 however , as he moved his fingers over the mark , he knew it was true . 
 she snuggled into his chest . 
 `` i just know . 
 besides , '' she started , looking back at the mirror . 
 `` look at it ! 
 i think it looks sexy , like a tattoo . '' 
 jackson looked over his bite mark closely . 
 it was one of a kind , of that there could be no doubt . 
 he wrapped his arms around her front , his hands crossing over her belly . 
 she leaned back into his chest . 
 `` are you still interested in being with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` absolutely , '' she said . 
 `` despite the danger that might wait for us in the future ? '' 
 `` without a doubt . '' 
 he smiled . 
 for the first time since that terrible day in afghanistan , he had a family . 
 he had a friend . 
 he had his fated one . 
