 mixed bag -lrb- complete collection -rrb- shannon le'vin copyright shannon le'vin 2011 smashwords edition story 1 bimbo he was up to something . 
 it was obvious . 
 sneaky . 
 that 's how he was behaving , dead sneaky . 
 you think you know somebody , then they start doing strange things . 
 out of character things . 
 and he was definitely up to something . 
 when you 've been married for a few years , you can tell . 
 and men , well , so bloody obvious , are n't they ? 
 and this husband of mine must think i 'm stupid if he does n't think i can tell . 
 it 's been going on for a while . 
 a couple of weeks , at least . 
 coming home late from the office , that sort of thing . 
 he would say things like , `` sorry love . 
 got a lot of work on . '' 
 and then going out on his own in the evenings , with some lame excuse or other . 
 `` got ta see a mate of mine about something . 
 what ? 
 oh , nothing important . 
 just bloke stuff . 
 you know who i mean . 
 charlie pike . 
 anyway , i wo n't be long . '' 
 and off he goes . 
 well , he 's not usually one for going out much , that one . 
 terminal boredom he 'll die of , i used to tell him . 
 now it looks as if he 's taken me a bit too literally . 
 found himself a bit of excitement . 
 a little bit of `` fresh '' . 
 some bimbo from the office , i expect . 
 young enough to be his daughter , with enough max factor on her face to camouflage an army . 
 i bet she has legs up to her armpits , with enough bleach on her hair to do a months housework , not that she 'd know anything about housework . 
 he came home late again , tonight . 
 he ate his dinner , all dried up and whose fault was that , then when i was washing up , you would think he 'd offer now and then , would n't you , and then he 's on the phone in the hall to somebody . 
 i 'd gone into the dining room to collect the coffee cups , and i could hear whispering . 
 that got me suspicious . 
 his voice was low and quiet , not like a normal conversation at all . 
 so i hide behind the door , where he could n't see me , but i could hear him . 
 `` yeah , gorgeous . 
 so beautiful . 
 perfect . 
 just what i 'm looking for . 
 i 'll see you tonight , if i can get away , '' he said . 
 i hear him put the phone down , so i dash back in the kitchen . 
 i was up to my elbows in suds , when he came in . 
 `` i got ta go out for a bit . 
 charlie bloody pike , the pest . 
 i do n't want to go , but i said i would . '' 
 then the sod kisses me . 
 a horrid little kiss on the cheek . 
 the sort of kiss you give a wife up to her elbows in washing up . 
 definitely not the sort of kiss you give to a leggy , dyed blonde bimbo . 
 i hear the front door shutting , and off he trots . 
 i do n't hear the car starting up , so it must be in walking distance . 
 right ! 
 quick as a flash , i run to the bedroom , and open the wardrobe . 
 just the thing , tucked away at the back . 
 a long black gaberdine coat , worn only twice in the last ten years . 
 it makes me look like a bag of washing . 
 i hate it . 
 hat . 
 one of his . 
 leather . 
 somebody told him he looks just like one of the village people in it . 
 he hates it . 
 you know ? 
 i think it suits me . 
 that 'll have to do . 
 at least he 'll never recognise me in it . 
 i 'll have to hurry , or i 'll lose him . 
 i see myself in the mirror . 
 what do i look like ? 
 humphrey bogart on a bad day . 
 it 's dark outside , but i catch a glimpse of him as he turns the corner . 
 wickstead street . 
 i 'm practically running , damn , i still have my slippers on . 
 i have my hands in my coat pocket as i hurry along , feeling completely ridiculous . 
 the hat falls off , lands in a puddle , i grab it , shake it and jamb it on my head , muddy water dripping all over my face . 
 my hair 's all over the place , so i poke it all back under the hat . 
 dyed blonde hair . 
 okay . 
 i know what i said about the bimbo ; all bleach and no brains , but my hair usually looks okay , thank you very much . 
 it certainly cost enough , but with my birthday coming up , i 'd thought , what the hell ? . 
 i wanted to look nice , not that he 'd care . 
 i 'm thirty seven . 
 he 's had the best years of my life and he goes messing about with some bimbo ; some brazen hussy . 
 i 'm walking fast and i collide with some man and his bloody dog , coming round the bend on wickstead street . 
 my feet get tangled up in the dog lead , and i go flying . 
 that 'll bruise . 
 the dog 's snapping and yapping at me , all teeth and no brains , and the poor bloke is trying his best to stop it from chewing on my ankle . 
 the lead is one of those extendible ones , and as he tries to unravel me , and the idiot goes the wrong way with it . 
 now i 'm trussed up like a turkey . 
 if the dirty old bugger touches my legs one more time , i 'll kick his nuts where the sun do n't shine . 
 i get free , and with both man and dog yapping angrily at me , i 'm in hot pursuit again . 
 i see my husband , heading for victoria avenue . 
 where the hell is he going ? 
 it ca n't be much further , otherwise he would have taken the car , lazy sod that he is . 
 is he off to the rutland arms ? 
 he likes the beer in there , i do know that . 
 he 's at the crossing , and he 's waiting for the lights to change , and then he walks over . 
 coal street . 
 right . 
 not the rutland , then . 
 hell , he nearly saw me then , and i dive for cover in a shop doorway . 
 some detective i 'd be . 
 he 's off again . 
 the lights change as i step off the pavement and this spotty moron nearly runs me down . 
 his face looks like a pizza , complete with anchovies , and he 's mouthing something obscene at me . 
 the rear of his car is actually bouncing up and down with the racket from the speakers , so at least i ca n't hear what he 's saying . 
 i give him the finger and hurry on . 
 two more streets . 
 i have never known him walk this far before . 
 you would think he 'd conserve his strength for the bimbo . 
 god knows he 'll need it . 
 pathetic in bed he is , always was . 
 if he was a cup of coffee , he 'd be instant , if you know what i mean . 
 i really ca n't imagine why a young thing would want to bother with him . 
 come to think about it , i do n't know why i bother with him . 
 wait . 
 he 's stopped . 
 some grubby little apartment , by the look of it . 
 the front door 's opening . 
 damn . 
 i ca n't see what she looks like . 
 too dark . 
 it could have been anybody . 
 if i go round the side , i might be able to see in a window . 
 i 'm not tall enough . 
 this place is a right old rubbish tip . 
 if i stand on this pile of old beer crates , i might just be able to see inside . 
 there 's a gap in the curtains . 
 what a horrid colour that wallpaper is . 
 no taste , some people . 
 i ca n't quite see them . 
 tiptoes and i might just find out what the hell is going on . 
 oh , god . 
 i do n't believe it , i really do n't . 
 that bloody idiot . 
 damn , i 'm falling . 
 ouch ! 
 that hurt . 
 my knee , my bum , my head . 
 they heard me ; i can hear them coming . 
 my knee 's killing me , but i have to get home , fast . 
 back along victoria avenue , it 's him again . 
 that spotty moron with a volcanic irruption where his face should be , and speakers in the back the size of small mountains . 
 he 's seen me , his vile mouth yelling something out the window . 
 i 'd yell back , but he must be stone deaf from all that noise . 
 i give him the finger with both hands . 
 wickstead street . 
 i 'm sure my leg 's seizing up . 
 is that husband of mine following me ? 
 i ca n't see him . 
 back home at last . 
 i 'm exhausted and black and blue . 
 what a night . 
 my knee , head and backside are fighting it out to inflict the most punishment on me . 
 i 'll run a bath and soak away the pain . 
 ooh , lovely . 
 bloody wonderful . 
 some of that bubble stuff . 
 nice . 
 was that the front door ? 
 did he see me , like an idiot pirouetting on top of a pile of beer crates , spying on him ? 
 spying on them . 
 beautiful , true . 
 gorgeous , definitely . 
 big brown eyes , small and irresistible . 
 and there 's nothing i can do about it . 
 just pretend that there 's nothing going on . 
 i 'll lie here , close my eyes and let the aches and pains soak away . 
 if he comes in here and tells me he saw me , shall i just deny it ? 
 no choice . 
 i 'm not going to admit i followed him tonight and found out his secret . 
 he 'll tell me soon enough . 
 he 'll come home and confess everything . 
 and then what will i do ? 
 i 'll just say thank you for the most beautiful little puppy dog i have ever seen , my thirty seventh birthday present from the most wonderful husband in the world . 
 i think i 'll name her bimbo . 
 story 2 the ugly it was perfectly hideous . 
 the monstrosity was the ugliest thing julius jennings had seen in all of his sixty two years . 
 huge pointy ears , a bulbous , wart infested crooked nose , lips like bicycle tyres , protruding yellow teeth that were as sharp as needles . 
 its eyes were bulging white orbs , with tiny red pupils , that dominated a no-neck head that had the appearance of being hammered onto its pot-bellied body . 
 two short arms wrapped around its flabby chest and twisted fingers gripped stubby toes from its legless undercarriage . 
 it was an earthy red and was heavy enough to have been carved out of some ancient cannonball . 
 `` it 's really beautiful , '' said julius . 
 the sweet bearer of the ` gift ' stared up at him with big shining brown eyes and he did n't want to hurt her feelings . 
 `` you mean it , granddad ? '' 
 said the beaming six year old girl . 
 `` did you choose it yourself ? '' 
 asked julius , doubtfully . 
 `` yeah . 
 but mommy helped a bit . 
 she said you 'd pre-she-ate it . '' 
 `` i bet she did . 
 well . 
 i think this is the best birthday present i ever had . 
 i 'll have to find a special place for it , wo n't i ? '' 
 the only place she wanted to put it was in the rubbish bin outside . 
 the very idea of having to share his home with the horrid thing appalled him . 
 surely it could n't have been made there in new zealand ? 
 `` i got ta go now , granddad . 
 mommy 's waiting in the car . '' 
 julius watched tara skip down the path , then he heard the car drive away . 
 he could imagine his daughter , elaine , laughing all the way home . 
 two weeks later , the ugly , for that 's what julius called it , had been given to the young woman collecting for the church fund-raising fête . 
 she had given him a strange look as he handed it over , but graciously accepted it and said thank you , and took it anyway . 
 reverend thomas had placed it on one of the trestle tables , hoping it would n't collapse under the weight . 
 he wiped his hands on his trousers , as if holding what was obviously a pagan idol , would curse him forever . 
 `` what on earth is it , john ? '' 
 asked his wife , elizabeth . 
 she had her arms full of home-made scones wrapped up in cling film . 
 `` not something i wish to speculate about . '' 
 `` do you think anybody will actually buy it ? '' 
 reverend thomas shrugged and moved as far away as he could . 
 much to mrs thomas 's amazement , the ugly was sold quickly to a young man who gave two dollars for it , hinting it would make a suitable gift for somebody he was n't fond of . 
 the ugly was placed in a bag , carefully so as not to have it fall out the bottom , and the young man , still chuckling , left the church hall . 
 `` i believe it 's an antique , '' he assured his aunt . 
 `` probably quite valuable . '' 
 aunt rosemary did n't know what to say . 
 this was the first gift she had ever received from the obnoxious twerp she was unfortunately related to . 
 the look on his face , however , was an expression of affection that passed as genuine but then looking at the ugly , she doubted his sincerity . 
 `` thank you , peter . 
 would you care for some tea ? '' 
 she asked , hoping he would say no . 
 she had no desire for him to be in her home any longer than necessary . 
 `` sorry . 
 i have to get going . 
 when i saw this cute little fellow , i thought of you right away . 
 i could n't resist buying it for you . 
 i have to run along . 
 bye for now . '' 
 she was still holding the blessed thing when peter had long gone . 
 she looked about her immaculate home , with the capo demonte and cut crystal , and knew it had no place there . 
 it would be completely incongruous and what 's more , that was exactly why her nephew had bought it her , unpleasant little creep that he was . 
 it just had to go . 
 doris harper , lifelong friend of fifty years , was virtually blind . 
 on her seventieth birthday , she became custodian of the ugly . 
 although she could n't see the thing , she could feel it with her sensitive fingers . 
 doris was as repulsed by it as much as any sighted person would be . 
 but she smiled pleasantly at rosemary and thanked her profusely . 
 as the weeks rolled by , doris tried to ignore the abomination . 
 for once , she was almost thankful for her blindness , but she knew it sat there , staring at her through its awful eyes . 
 she also knew she 'd been given it , because she could n't see it . 
 `` somebody should throw you in the nearest lake , '' she said to the ugly . 
 `` but i suppose it is n't your fault . 
 you did n't ask to be made , did you ? '' 
 when you start talking to inanimate objects , it 's a bit of a worry . 
 which is precisely why the ugly ended up in an antique shop . 
 the ten dollars she 'd been given for it was largely immaterial . 
 it was out of her home , and that 's all that mattered . 
 fredrick fyle of ranken fyle antiques , had been busy that morning , filling a tea chest with a load of `` unsellables '' for his partner , paul ranken . 
 they often exchanged items between new zealand and australia , with a view to offload them , somewhere or other . 
 as soon as doris had left the shop , her white cane tapping the ground in front of her , fredrick dropped the ugly into the chest , and hammered the top down banging in far more tacks than usual , just in case the thing tried to escape . 
 `` thanks , mate , '' said paul ranken as he emptied the tea chest in his shop in sydney `` any old crap you 're sending me these days . '' 
 the ugly was placed on a shelf with a display consisting of ` ethnic ' artefacts . 
 he wrote out a price card with a black felt-tipped pen , putting down fifty dollars . 
 then in a moment of inspiration , he put another naught on the end . 
 `` what the hell . '' 
 the tourist who entered the shop shortly afterwords was obviously american . 
 an oldish man , and one who reeked of money . 
 he seemed particularly interested in the ugly . 
 `` i see you are a man of taste , sir , '' fawned ranken , `` and one who can spot a bargain when he sees one . '' 
 `` how old is ... it ? '' 
 `` hmm . 
 difficult . 
 but pretty ancient , i should say . 
 it should really be in a museum . '' 
 the american stared at the thing , his gold ring festooned fingers drumming the counter top . 
 ` what 's your best price for it ? '' 
 `` oh , really , sir . 
 i 'm robbing myself at five hundred ... '' `` three hundred , '' said sir . 
 `` done . '' 
 which is exactly what sir 's wife had said he had been , when he finally got the piece to his home in new york . 
 `` have n't we enough junk ? 
 she demanded . 
 `` well , the man in the shop said ... '' `` arthur . 
 just stop pretending you know anything about antiques and stop buying junk like this . 
 and another thing . 
 i hope you do n't intend to tell me it 's a present for me . 
 you did bring me something nice from your business trip ? 
 arthur ... ? '' 
 it was one week later , arthur stood before all forty eight of his company 's employees when he announced , `` ... and without further ado , it gives me great pleasure to present the employer of the year award of five thousand dollars and this priceless antique , to alexander northgate . '' 
 sandra northgate was seriously concerned about her husbands future prospects with the company . 
 surely the ugly was n't something given to a valued employee ? 
 then again , it did have five thousand dollars to go with it . 
 when her husband proudly handed over the cheque and then cautiously gave her the thing , she did n't know what to say . 
 `` are you sure the old fart said priceless and not worthless ? '' 
 `` what should i have said ? 
 stick it up your ... '' `` alex. language . '' 
 sandra northgate was certain the ugly had no place in her home . 
 she considered burying it in her back garden , but was sure she would be always haunted by its close proximity . 
 after due deliberation , she decided on a plan of action . 
 that evening , with the ugly safely incarcerated in the trunk of her car , she set off with a fixed and determined expression . 
 parking just before the river on the outskirts of the city she picked up the ugly and carried it to the middle of the bridge . 
 with a quick glance to make sure she was n't being watched , she dropped it into the river . 
 this was at the exact moment that the mud lark , an old tug boat , chanced to be chugging its way under the bridge . 
 instead of a splash , there was an almighty crash as the weighty ugly smashed through the deck , missing the deckhands head by a whisker , landing on the the huge belly of the skipper , billy lark , who had been sleeping off the effects of half a bottle of whiskey . 
 bouncing off billy 's belly as if it were a trampoline , it landed on the cabin floor with one hell of a bang . 
 with the ensuing screams still ringing in her ears , and quite convinced she had committed grievous bodily harm if not actual murder , sandra northgate ran for her car and raced for home . 
 billy lark , who suffered no more than a bruise on his well padded stomach and a near heart attack from the shock , stared up from his bunk at the hole in his roof and saw the deckhand staring back at him . 
 the skipper was still screaming blue murder all the way to the docks , the deckhand wisely making himself scarce in the engine room . 
 sally lark , billy 's long suffering wife of forty years , was not at all impressed with the ugly . 
 it had more than a passing resemblance to her fat husband and it had to go . 
 two ugly 's in her home was far too many , in her opinion , with this final insult , billy did the only sensible thing he could think of , and with the thing tucked under his arm , he made his way to rick 's bar . 
 it took him an hour , but he finally managed to lose the little horror in a poker game . 
 archie morris would rather have had the cash , but with billy being twice his size and having a temper , he decided it was prudent not to argue . 
 staggering solemnly out of the bar , archie found the weight of his poker winnings too much for his puny muscles and accidentally dropped it onto the tarmac , creating an impressive pothole , and then he rolled it along the gutter with his foot . 
 archie 's wife was as impressed as mrs lark had been , particularly as it now had a liberal coating of mud and dog mess . 
 archie was forced to sleep on the settee as punishment for being both drunk and stupid . 
 fortunately for archie , his wife had mellowed by morning , but still insisted the ugly had to go . 
 she did n't care where , as long as it was out of her house immediately . 
 she stared at it , and decided that america was n't going to be burdened with it at all . 
 she was far too patriotic for that . 
 it was eccentric enough to belong in england . 
 her friend in london was getting married , and she had been at a loss for a suitable wedding present . 
 explaining in a letter that this artefact was an ancient fertility symbol , and guaranteed to bring them luck , she carefully cleaned it and sent it off . 
 at the wedding reception , the bride carefully covered the ugly with other presents on the table , not wishing to reveal to the world that they had friends so lacking in taste as to give them something so disgusting . 
 `` well , she 's your friend , love , '' said the groom . 
 `` she might be offended if she thought we did n't appreciate it . '' 
 `` she 's not here , so i do n't care , '' replied the bride . 
 `` besides . 
 i 'm the one who should be offended . '' 
 `` what are you going to do with it ? '' 
 the bride grinned . 
 `` i 'll send it to uncle julius in new zealand for christmas . '' 
 `` i thought you did n't like him . '' 
 she smiled , wickedly . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 story 3 tin man `` if you knew how much he cost to make , hannah , you 'd think of a better name for him than tin man . '' 
 my brother was n't going to tell me how much the thing had cost to produce , but i was sure the figure had a lot of noughts on the end . 
 `` jack . 
 it is n't that i do n't appreciate it , i do ... very much , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 jack demanded , screwing up his face in the same way he used to do when we were little kids . 
 i almost burst out laughing at the juvenile expression on his forty eight year old face . 
 `` well , i 'm just not sure i want him around the place , that 's all . ' 
 i replied . 
 trying not to sound ungrateful . 
 `` i mean , what does he do , exactly ? '' 
 with a sigh , jack tried to explain . 
 `` just about anything you ask of him . 
 give him a command and he will comply with it . '' 
 `` anything ? '' 
 i said , with a mischievous grin . 
 `` for heaven 's sake , hannah . 
 i have given you one of the most expensive presents a brother can give a sister and you bring it all down to such a base level . 
 have you any idea how sophisticated he is ? '' 
 `` if he is such a costly marvel , how come you 're giving him to me ? '' 
 tin man may well have cost jack 's electronics company millions to develop , but all i could see was a rather comical looking mechanical device . 
 it stood one meter tall and consisted of several spheres of different sizes , all inter-connected with linkages and appendages . 
 it stood with the aid of two discs the size of dinner plates . 
 the tops of his legs disappeared into a squat looking body , from which arms , each made from three spheres sprouted . 
 the arms had hands with three long tapered fingers almost reaching the floor . 
 the head was another shiny ball with a translucent black face . 
 red lights shone behind the mask , placed probably more for aesthetic reasons than practical ones , roughly where the eyes and mouth should be . 
 there was nothing menacing about the little guy ; just a sense of the ridiculous . 
 `` strange as this may seem , i actually thought you might appreciate him . 
 xp1-99 did n't quite make the grade for the military , but i thought it a shame to break him down again . '' 
 `` xp1-99 ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` and you do n't like the name i gave him . '' 
 jack gave tin man a pat on the head . 
 `` besides . 
 do n't you think he 's kinda cute ? '' 
 there was something of a lost puppy look about the thing . 
 just him standing there made you want to stroke him and say `` good boy . '' 
 `` look , sis . 
 just keep him for a while and see how you get along . 
 if he is n't any use to you , i will have him back and use him for spares . 
 how 's that sound ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll try him out and let you know by friday . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , i have left you a copy of the instructions on how to use him . 
 just plug him into the wall socket each day to re-charge him . 
 about an hour should do it . 
 oh . 
 one last thing . '' 
 `` yes , jack ? '' 
 `` make sure the instructions you give him are simple and clear . 
 anything ambiguous might confuse him . 
 start with easy things , like dusting and taking out the trash . '' 
 `` i can do that , '' i assured him . 
 `` are you sure ? ' 
 `` yes . 
 now go . 
 i 'll see you friday night , at my birthday party . '' 
 jack looked at tin man , and then at me . 
 he seemed to hesitate for a moment , then he said , `` i do worry about you being on your own . 
 you should get out more and meet somebody . '' 
 `` i 'm still not ready for a new relationship yet , '' i said , not being entirely honest with either him or myself . 
 jack shook his head and sighed , and then he was gone . 
 i tried to ignore tin man for a while , but every time i passed him by , i could n't help but stare at him . 
 apart from his black face mask , he was a rather nice shade of light blue . 
 he looked nothing like the tin man in the wizard of oz and i 'm sure whatever he was made of , cost a great deal more than tin . 
 i decided to give it a go . 
 `` walk forward . '' 
 tin man began to walk slowly across the room . 
 he was getting perilously close to a small table with a very expensive vase on it . 
 `` turn left , '' i ordered . 
 instantly , my new toy turned left . 
 `` stop . '' 
 tin man stopped . 
 `` come here . '' 
 tin man turned and obviously avoiding anything in his way , started walking towards me . 
 when he was just one metre away from me , he stopped without a command . 
 he did n't move at all , but stood waiting patiently . 
 `` well done , tin man , '' i said . 
 i wondered what i should have him do next . 
 could he make me a coffee ? 
 jack had said he was pre-programmed to do many domestic chores , but he required some education from me . 
 `` the kitchen is to your right . 
 go to the kitchen . '' 
 tin man turned and walked into the kitchen and stopped . 
 i followed him in . 
 `` right . 
 watch me and learn , '' i said . 
 `` this is a coffee percolator . 
 it is used to make coffee . '' 
 i demonstrated the noble art of coffee making , naming each utensil i handled . 
 when i finished , i said , `` make me coffee . '' 
 then i stood back and tin man proceeded to do what i had just done . 
 and the result was a coffee just the way i like it . 
 strong , not too much milk , and one spoon of sugar . 
 `` well done . 
 follow me . '' 
 i returned to the lounge and sat down in my favourite armchair . 
 tin man followed me with the coffee cup on a saucer and he reached me without spilling a drop . 
 at my command , he passed the coffee to me . 
 i thanked him , not that i needed to , but it just seemed the right thing to do . 
 the evening passed uneventfully , with me giving tin man odd , though often unnecessary tasks to perform , which he did so uncomplainingly and without hesitation . 
 i spoke to him as i would a faithful servant and he responded well . 
 i asked him to run a bath for me , then before i got in , i plugged him in to recharge . 
 i wallowed in the bubbles for nearly an hour , thinking how lucky i was with my life and how fortunate i was to have such a generous brother . 
 i wrapped myself up in a white , soft cotton robe before entering the lounge . 
 i knew it was ridiculous , but i would have been uncomfortable for tin man to see me naked . 
 i unplugged him , and gave him instructions to wake me at seven a. m. and to bring me breakfast in bed . 
 why not ? 
 i thought . 
 i got into bed , than i remembered i had left the book i was reading , in the bathroom . 
 i was about to get it , when i decided to get tin man to fetch it for me . 
 off he went and came right back with it . 
 `` i could get used to this , '' i told him . 
 i settled back into my soft pillows and read my book . 
 i was beginning to feel secure , with him standing by the door . 
 i am sure that although he was just one metre tall , he could have effortlessly dispatched any intruder in a flash . 
 i was beginning to feel drowsy . 
 i had read the same paragraph three times and it still had n't registered . 
 i closed the book and looked at the young couple on the cover of that sloppy romance novel . 
 then i looked over at tin man . 
 i was tired of being alone and not having a man in my life . 
 even tin man was better company than none . 
 `` you know , tin man . 
 if you were more like the hunk on the cover of this book , i reckon you would just about be perfect . 
 if only you had strong manly arms , a kind heart and a handsome face , i think i could really go for you . '' 
 he did n't reply , of course , but turned and went out of the bedroom , presumably to go to the kitchen to stare patiently at the coffee percolator and wait until it was time to bring me breakfast in bed . 
 a perfect gentleman . 
 i slept peacefully and was n't surprised to see tin man standing at the foot of the bed . 
 `` good morning , tin man . 
 do you have my breakfast ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he raised his mechanical arms and in his three fingered hands he held a pair of human arms , a head with a human face , and a heart , all still dripping with blood . 
 oooh , nasty !!! 
 story 4 the find it should n't have been there . 
 even a novice like tony grant knew that . 
 nothing was supposed to be there , nothing much anyway . 
 it was basically egg shaped , made of baked clay and judging by its position in the digs , between ten and fifteen thousand years old . 
 the natural shaft was much deeper and the main excavation for the neolithic age was right on the bottom . 
 it was the sling seat on the hoist that had loosened the clod of dirt to expose the thing in the first place . 
 tony had carefully removed the surrounding compacted earth to reveal the profile of the thing . 
 gentle prods with his gloved finger tips told him it was solid enough to cautiously remove the soil around it , and take it out . 
 easier said than done , suspended in the sling , and he knew he should have called the professor rather than attempt the job by himself . 
 there would be hell to pay if he damaged it or worse , dropped it to smash to pieces at the bottom of the shaft . 
 but then again , he was the only one who knew about it , so if the worse happened , who would know ? 
 the light was fading on his helmet lamp by the time he had the thing in his hands , safely unscathed in the carry cage underneath the seat . 
 jabbing the controls to start the hoist , he was on his way back to the surface . 
 the first thing he saw when he got to the top , were professor handley 's muddy work boots and his baggy brown corduroy trousers . 
 `` took your time , grant . 
 what the hell have you been up to ? '' 
 he said without a trace of humour in his gruff voice . 
 `` sorry , professor , but i saw something and i thought you might want to see it . '' 
 grant retrieved the find from under the seat and gingerly passed it over to handley , then he clambered out of the shaft . 
 `` what the hell is this , grant ? 
 an easter egg ? '' 
 he replied , turning it over in his gnarled hands . 
 `` i 've no idea , sir , '' said grant , dusting himself off . 
 `` i just thought it might be worth a closer look . '' 
 it was getting too dark to see clearly what it was , so handley carried it over to his hut-cum-workshop . 
 it had served as a home from home for the last two years the site had been running . 
 grant followed him inside like a faithful puppy and handley placed it carefully on the workbench and aimed the powerful inspection lamp on it . 
 grant explained where in the shaft he had found it , as they both examined it closely , handley giving the occasional grunt . 
 the camera was carefully positioned and handley took several photographs . 
 then he took precise measurements and wrote them all down with a rough sketch of the find . 
 into his recorder , he said , `` basically oval , not unlike the size and shape of a rugby ball . 
 fourteen inches long , by twenty three inches in circumference , slightly more rounded at one end than the other . '' 
 he ran his fingertips over the surface . 
 `` it appears to be man-made , out of some kind of clay pottery . 
 it has no holes or handles on it anywhere , and no apparent markings on its very smooth surface , apart from a thin groove running continuously around it lengthwise , probably where the two halves were joined together to seal in whatever is inside . 
 my opinion at this stage is that it is a storage vessel of some kind . 
 what it contains will be revealed by x-ray tomorrow morning , before any attempt is made to open it . '' 
 switching off the recorder , handley said to his student , `` tell nobody about this , grant . 
 got that ? 
 lord knows what i have here . '' 
 grant did n't like the sound of that ` i ' and it was obvious , what ever it was would soon become handley 's find , and not his . 
 typical of the man , he thought , solemnly . 
 if it was something important , he 'd get no credit at all . 
 this was the main reason nobody liked the professor , or wanted to work with him on field trips and digs . 
 tony grant had agreed to go , because it was archaeology that fascinated him . 
 there were just the two of them on this trip , with grant doing the work of six , labouring fourteen hour days . 
 working with handley was much like being a slave . 
 the old man did n't even try to be civil . 
 handley went over to the large makeshift safe in the corner of the hut , where the more valuable and fragile items were kept , before transfer to the university . 
 careful to conceal the combination from grant , handley opened it . 
 then he found a clean towel and placed that on the bottom shelf . 
 `` okay , grant . 
 bring it here but be careful , mind . '' 
 grant went to pick it up but just as he was about to touch it , handley growled , `` gloves , you blithering idiot . 
 it 's been manhandled enough . '' 
 grant put his gloves on and picked it up . 
 it seemed both fragile and solid at the same time . 
 it had survived intact for thousands of years , and would have remained that way , had it not been for the professor 's briefcase on the floor that grant tripped over . 
 the vessel flew from his hands , and before grant hit the bare floorboards , handley was also airborne , attempting to catch it in mid-air . 
 his stubby fingers found purchase on it before it slipped from his grasp , and landed on the bunk-bed in the corner , and as it bounced back up in the air , handley and grant collided together with a crack of heads , as they both made an effort to save it . 
 they both cried out as much in horror as they did in pain , as the vessel hit the floor and smashed open . 
 they scrambled on their hands and knees towards it , but they both knew it was too late . 
 `` you bloody fool , '' snarled handley . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm sorry professor . '' 
 `` too bloody late for that now , boy . 
 you stupid , incompetent ... '' '' sir , look , '' said grant , pointing a shaking finger at the shattered remains . 
 handley gasped in disbelief at what he saw . 
 as if laid to rest along the largest fragment of the vessel , was a complete , mummified body , moulded to the inside . 
 although shrunken due to thousands of years of internment , the creature was obviously female and naked . 
 from head to toe , she was no larger than a man 's hand , like miniature young woman . 
 from underneath her back , delicately spread out on each side of her , were what appeared to be wings , as fine as those of a large butterfly . 
 the expression on what was once a beautiful face was one of peace and serenity . 
 `` is this some kind of a sick prank , grant ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i 've never seen it before . 
 until now that is , the same as you . '' 
 handley jabbed grant in the ribs with his finger . 
 `` you 're lying , grant . 
 you set this up to try to make a fool out of me . 
 do you think i 'm stupid , boy ? '' 
 grant was about to protest his innocence again , when handley exploded in an uncontrollable rage , grabbing him with both hands around his throat . 
 `` you tried to make a laughing stock out of me , did n't you , grant ? '' 
 his strong hands were choking the life out of the student , who was struggling to breathe , let alone reply . 
 they wrestled each other on the floor , grant fighting back , thumping the older man in the face , drawing blood from his nose . 
 `` listen to me , you old goat . 
 whatever that is , it 's real . '' 
 sanity returned to handley . 
 `` you swear to me this is not a hoax ? '' 
 `` i swear , i swear . '' 
 on hands and knees , they both went over to take another look . 
 it was obvious that exposure to air after thousands of years of being interred , was having an effect on it . 
 it was disintegrating . 
 `` damnation . 
 grant . 
 the camera , fast . '' 
 grant scrambled to his feet , and he grabbed the camera , then kneeling down , he tried to focus with his shaking hands . 
 `` hurry , grant . '' 
 the flash went off and the shot was taken , just one second after the tiny winged body crumbled to a little pile of grey dust . 
 she was gone , and both men wept . 
 ah . 
 was n't that nice ? 
 story 5 andrew andrew sinclair wilson lay rigid on his bed . 
 he was sure his heart had stopped with fear , and he instinctively reached up to his chest to make sure he still had a pulse . 
 below the palm of his hand he could feel the beat , reassuringly steady . 
 but would he still be alive when the sun 's dawn light pierced the gloom of his room , he wondered . 
 he was n't stupid . 
 he knew it was only his imagination running rampant . 
 there was nothing to fear in the safety of his own bedroom . 
 his own father had told him that , just a few hours ago as he tucked him in for the night . 
 `` now come on , andy . 
 you 're nine years old , not a baby , '' he had said . 
 `` it 's a bit strange getting used to our new home , that 's all . 
 you just think about you and me going fishing in the morning . '' 
 he had ruffled his hair . 
 it was the nearest he got to a kiss from his father these days . 
 too old for that now , he knew . 
 although his mother still gave him hugs and kisses when she tucked him up . 
 andrew knew that his father was right . 
 he was a big boy now , not a baby who was afraid of the dark . 
 all the same , his father had left the night-light on , glowing softly on the wall by the side of the bed . 
 the dim light was supposed to reassure him , but he was n't sure which was worse , the darkness , or the weak light , hiding more than it revealed . 
 he knew exactly what he was afraid of , but he had n't yet told his parents about it . 
 how he wished he had an older brother to confide in , and share his nightmare with . 
 but he was an only child and he was for now at least , entirely on his own in this . 
 sleep had eluded him , and he decided he had to see what had frightened him , rather than merely be aware of its presence . 
 making his mind up , he got out of bed and raced to the switch that turned on the main light , then he ran back to the bed and jumped in , pulling the warm flannelette sheet over his chin , his blue eyes open , too scared to close them . 
 and there they were all around him , hundreds of them , staring right back at him . 
 they were all over the walls , the ceiling , everywhere . 
 the wooden planking that the whole house interior was constructed of , was covered in them . 
 eyes . 
 well , not really eyes , he knew . 
 but if you looked at the swirling patterns the wood grain made , and the knotholes , they did look just like eyes . 
 they looked like the eyes of strange alien creatures . 
 those two there , for instance . 
 almost in the far corner of the room , half hidden by shadow . 
 that looks like some bug eyed monster from startreck . 
 large saucer shapes that stared back at him . 
 it even had the outline of a face , elongated grotesquely , with another knothole making a shape like a small but evil mouth . 
 and there , higher up on the ceiling , that huge wild cat , ready to pounce on him and rip him to shreds with vicious sharp claws . 
 it seemed to be waiting for the moment he turned his back on it . 
 all around him , monstrous creatures with huge staring eyes and vague distorted faces , were just waiting for the opportunity to jump right out of the wood and get him . 
 he counted more than twenty creatures hidden in the patterns and knotholes of the walls and ceiling . 
 a few of them were too alien to identify , and that only made them more frightening . 
 but there was something even more terrifying hidden in those natural whorls and knots of the wood . 
 something he had noticed in the first few days of them moving in . 
 it was something he dearly wanted to tell his parents about , but he knew they would only ridicule him if he did . 
 but now he was sure , absolutely positive that it was not the result of an over active imagination , because he had proved it . 
 the eyes and faces moved . 
 at first , he had refused to accept it , even though he had irrefutable proof he was right . 
 but he could clearly see the small mark he had made in yellow crayon on the wall above his head . 
 during the safety of daylight , he had drawn the line , three centimetres long , down the side of one of the faces . 
 he had chosen this particular face , because it looked like a hobgoblin and seemed less evil than the others . 
 it almost seemed to smile at him in a twisted , slightly sinister grin , but it did look like the one least likely to bite his fingers off . 
 he had made the mark that morning , when his parents could n't see him . 
 he had picked yellow , because it blended in with the colour of the wood , but because he knew it was there , he could see it clearly . 
 now the line was n't almost touching the face by the staring left eye . 
 there was a gap the size of the palm of his hand between the yellow mark and the unblinking eye of the hobgoblin . 
 so , either his yellow mark had miraculously slithered away from the face , or the hobgoblin had shifted its position , when he had n't been looking . 
 now he knew for sure . 
 the faces did actually move . 
 the creatures were alive ! 
 for long , long hours , andrew watched the hobgoblin with the malevolent staring eyes , and the yellow mark by the side of it . 
 if the creature moved even a whisker , he would run and get his parents and show them the proof . 
 he would shout and scream if he had to , and make them come to his room . 
 he did n't care what time that was , or if they were fast asleep , or even if they were angry with him . 
 he would make them believe him . 
 if that hobgoblin moved only slightly , he would see it . 
 as he stared at the strange shape , less than an arms length above the top of the headboard , he thought it peculiar that it was only in his room that the strange shapes moved . 
 he had watched the others around the house , in the lounge , the bathroom and even the kitchen . 
 he was sure the only ones that moved , that seemed to have a life of their own , were the ones in his room . 
 his eyes were heavy with fatigue and he had to keep pinching himself to keep awake , terrified to allow the blanket of sleep take him . 
 but it was a hard battle , and one he could not win . 
 as the night moved on into the early hours of the morning , those small hours that belong to unnatural beings that share our world , little andrew sinclair wilson gave up his vigilance and reluctantly drifted off into an uneasy sleep , filled with the creatures from the dark dimensions . 
 the early morning light finally did glint through the curtains , turning away the shadows into their dark corners , banished by the daylight . 
 it was a bright sunny day that promised so much and was so welcoming . 
 andrew 's father opened the door to wake his son . 
 `` come on , sleepy head . 
 if we are going to catch those fish , we got ta be making a move . '' 
 andrew 's father had been talking to himself . 
 the bed was empty . 
 `` good boy , '' he said to himself . 
 `` up already , eager to get going . '' 
 expecting to see andrew in the kitchen eating his cereal , he went down stairs . 
 not finding him there either , he tried the garage where the fishing tackle was stored . 
 the boy was n't there , either , so he tried the garden , also in vain . 
 a search of the entire house proved futile , even trying the most unlikely places , like the woodshed and the airing cupboard . 
 then both the boy 's parents were out frantically searching the entire neighbourhood , but andrew could not be found . 
 in a desperate hunt for clues , they tried his bedroom again . 
 `` we have to call the police , '' said andrew 's mother , her face white with fear for her son . 
 `` we have to find him . '' 
 `` i 'll call them now . 
 but where the hell could he be ? '' 
 before he went downstairs to call the police , he took a final look around the bedroom , not wanting to believe harm could have befallen their son . 
 everything seemed just as it should have been . 
 andrew 's clothes from the day before were draped over the chair . 
 in the corner of the room , scuffed sneakers . 
 nothing to tell him what could have happened . 
 and never in a million years would he have noticed , high up on the wall above the bed , next to the shape that looked like the face of a hobgoblin , there were a handful of brand new knotholes in the wood . 
 story 6 silly beggar i must admit , i was looking forward to knocking off work . 
 this was my fourth job of the day , and it had been a full on week . 
 my mind was on the big game of the weekend , rather than fitting another carpet , but i still had a living to make . 
 a man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do , and all that . 
 pulling up outside number seventeen turners drive , i decided the sooner i got the job done , the better . 
 number seventeen belonged to an old widow called mary potts . 
 i had quoted for the job , fitting a new carpet and underlay in the lounge , three weeks previously . 
 fairly straight forward , a decent sized room with not too many awkward bits . 
 just throw down the underlay , lay out the new carpet , a few whacks with the stretcher , and hey presto , job done . 
 i reckoned an hour tops . 
 looking at the clock on the dashboard , i should be away again by four at the latest . 
 mrs potts seemed a nice old lady , all grey hair and smelling of lavender . 
 `` hello , mrs potts , '' i said , cheerfully . 
 it does n't hurt to smile , even if you are in a hurry . 
 `` oh , hello , there . 
 is it three o'clock already ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` just after , '' i replied . 
 i went inside and checked the room out . 
 she had made a start of clearing it out , removing ornaments and small items of furniture . 
 `` i could n't manage the big stuff , not on my own , '' she said . 
 `` not a problem , mrs potts . 
 i 'll soon have this lot moved out of the way . 
 i 'll just put in the conservatory for now , shall i ? '' 
 the conservatory was next to the lounge and sparse of furniture , so it was ideal to put the bigger items in there . 
 `` if you would n't mind . 
 i 'll put the kettle on , shall i ? '' 
 she said , disappearing into the kitchen . 
 i busied myself for the next ten minutes , taking things into the conservatory . 
 most of it was on casters , so that was easy , but the old oak sideboard was a bit of a challenge . 
 i got there in the end , though . 
 the last thing to move , was the bird . 
 it was a little blue and yellow budgerigar , who resided in the corner of the room in one of those old fashioned wire cages on a stand . 
 the bird squawked a little when i picked up the cage and swung back and forth on its little perch , like a feathered high wire act at the circus . 
 `` silly beggar , silly beggar , '' said the bird . 
 `` do n't call me silly , '' i told it . 
 `` you 're the one stuck in a cage . '' 
 i tried to keep the cage steady , and the bird stayed silent as i carried into the conservatory and found a safe place for it . 
 a shady little corner , where it would n't be too hot . 
 i had just finished , when mrs potts came back , carrying a mug of tea and a slice of cherry and chocolate cake . 
 `` that 's very nice of you , '' i said , `` much appreciated . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 is bertie okay ? '' 
 i assumed bertie was the bird . 
 `` fine . 
 i put him over there . 
 you know , the cheeky little thing called me a silly beggar ? '' 
 i said with a chuckle . 
 `` everyone 's a silly beggar to bertie . 
 even me . 
 it was my late husband who taught him to talk . 
 you 're lucky that 's all he called you , '' she said with a grin . 
 `` he knows a lot worse than that , believe me . '' 
 `` oh , well . 
 he 's company for you , i suppose . '' 
 `` better than nothing , '' she agreed . 
 i finished the cake and tea and said i had better get on with the job . 
 mrs potts made herself scarce in the kitchen , and i went to work getting the old underlay and carpet up . 
 it had seen better days and was threadbare in places . 
 the axminster replacing it would be a big improvement and would probably last the old girl out . 
 with the old stuff out of the way , i went back to the van to get my tools and new underlay , then i made sure the floor was nice and clean . 
 lovely wooden floorboards they were and would have looked good sanded and varnished , but i 'd be out of work if everyone did that . 
 it only took a few minutes to lay the underlay , then it was back to the van for the carpet . 
 the axminster weighed a tonne , but then the room was pretty big . 
 fortunately , most of the existing gripper was okay , so i only had to put a few new pieces down . 
 the gripper held the edges of the carpet in place . 
 another half hour , and the new carpet looked great . 
 after all that effort , i needed a cigarette . 
 thinking mrs potts would n't be too happy with me lighting up in her home , i decided to go outside in the back garden . 
 it was a nice quiet lawned area , with roses for a border , and a bench made of old driftwood at one end , but i decided i should n't get too comfortable , otherwise i 'd never get going again . 
 i was in for a disappointment . 
 when i checked my overall pockets , i could n't find my smokes . 
 i figured they were back in the van . 
 with a sigh , i decided to get the job finished , and have a smoke on my way home . 
 back in the lounge , i gathered up my tools , and was about to get the furniture back in place , when i noticed a lump under the carpet , right slap bang in the middle of the room . 
 now i knew where my smokes had gone . 
 to retrieve them , meant taking up half the carpet again and i was n't that desperate for a smoke . 
 so i got my hammer and flattened it . 
 there was no sign of the lump after that , thank goodness . 
 i stowed my gear away in the van and got the chitty book for mrs potts to sign the job off . 
 mrs potts was standing in the hallway . 
 `` right . 
 if you would n't mind signing this to say you are satisfied with the job , then i 'll be on my way . '' 
 `` yes of course , '' she said , leading the way into the lounge . 
 `` it looks lovely . 
 and thanks for putting the things back . '' 
 she happily signed the book . 
 `` by the way . 
 are these yours ? 
 i found them in the hall . 
 you must have dropped them . '' 
 `` my smokes , '' i said , a little surprised . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` oh . 
 you left bertie in the conservatory . 
 would you mind putting him back , only it 's too heavy for me ? '' 
 `` not at all , mrs potts , '' i said , obligingly , going into the conservatory to get the cage . 
 as i went to pick it up , i suddenly had a sick feeling in my stomach . 
 the door of the cage was open , and the bird was gone . 
 feeling the packet of smokes in my pocket , and looking at the empty cage , i suddenly realised , what the lump under the carpet had been . 
 story 7 so i said , then she said `` marge ? 
 marge ? 
 is that you , dear ? 
 it 's me , mavis . 
 i thought i 'd dialled the wrong number , for a minute . 
 it did n't sound like you at all . 
 well put your teeth in , dear , and i will hear you better . 
 right . 
 that 's much clearer . 
 anyway . 
 how are you , these days ? 
 oh , i know . 
 ages . 
 i 've been meaning to call you , but you know how it is ... how 's that hip of yours ? 
 good . 
 now , listen , marge . 
 i need a bit of advice ... what ? 
 my cat ? 
 no , boris i fine . 
 he 's still a little bit jittery after being rescued out of that drainpipe . 
 the little devil gave that nice young fireman a really nasty scratch , poor chap . 
 i felt so bad about it , i took a big box of biscuits to the fire station to ... what dear ? 
 assorted . 
 i thought that was best , then they could all have what they liked . 
 well , the thing is , there 's been a bit of an accident and i was wondering ... no . 
 i do n't like those ginger biscuits either . 
 hard on your teeth ? 
 yes . 
 i suppose they would be . 
 the thing is , marge , i think it 's rather serious , and with you being a justice of the peace ... well i know you used to be . 
 twenty years ago ... my , how time flies . 
 i was just saying to emma gilberts , only last week ... yes . 
 she 's still alive . 
 at least when i was talking to her she was . 
 she 's still doing her little voluntary job in the salvation army shop , would you believe ? 
 three husbands she 's seen off , although i do n't think she was actually married to that last one . 
 well i said it did n't seem seven years since we had that over sixties night at the pensioners club and poor old mr dribble choked to death on a pickled onion . 
 actually , his name was dibble , but he always seemed to be dribbling , so we all called him ... no , marge . 
 it was definitely a pickled onion . 
 it was mr harringway who choked on his dentures , and that was way back in two thousand and three . 
 so , she said to me ... emma gilberts , dear , that 's right , she said she could remember the commotion as if it were yesterday . 
 oh . 
 that reminds me what i was calling you about . 
 there 's a strange man in my house . 
 well , not exactly in the house , more like on it , to be more precise . 
 he landed on the roof with one of those parachute hang gliding thingy 's . 
 can you tell me why they do that , throwing themselves off a cliff trying to fly like a bird ? 
 no , i do n't know , either . 
 it 's daft , if you ask my opinion . 
 i mean , my house is the only one for miles , other than that little place down the lane , and they only use that at the weekends . 
 and the silly man goes and lands on my blessed roof . 
 it must have been a freak blast of wind that took him off course . 
 it frightened the hell out of me , and poor boris ran out of his cat flap like his tail was on fire . 
 no , marge . 
 i did n't say his tail was on fire , i said like it was on fire . 
 i do hope he has n't gone over the cliff in a panic . 
 it only happened about ten minutes ago . 
 i was just on my way to see heather chambers in hospital and take her some grapes and ... gallstones , marge . 
 you 've had that too , have you ? 
 that does n't surprise me . 
 you 've had everything else , dear . 
 well , anyway . 
 there was this almighty crash in the dining room . 
 it would n't be so bad , but i 've just had the blessed room decorated . 
 sort of magnolia , with a hint of pink . 
 no , dear . 
 i do n't like loud colours , either . 
 it was white before , with just a red feature wall . 
 that 's magnolia as well , now . 
 of course the chandeliers a write off . 
 i think that 's what caused boris to run off , when the whole thing came crashing down on the table ... yes , dear . 
 scratched to bits . 
 glass everywhere . 
 over a hundred years old , that table . 
 it belonged to my grandmother . 
 well . 
 when i ran into the room , there was this pair of men 's legs dangling from the ceiling . 
 i can see them from here , while i 'm talking to you . 
 dirty great hairy things with boots on . 
 marge . 
 really . 
 do n't be so vulgar . 
 of course i did n't touch his legs . 
 i could see they were hairy . 
 he 's got these tight little shorts on . 
 well , i dare say you might have touched his legs , but i 'm certainly not going to . 
 what are you like ? 
 so anyway , i said to him , what on earth do you think you 're doing , and he said ... no , marge . 
 of course i could n't hear him with me being in the dining room and him with his head still outside , now could i ? 
 no . 
 so i went out , and called him from there . 
 i said , what do you think you 're doing young man ? 
 and he said ... oh , i do n't know . 
 he 's about twenty something i suppose . 
 i did n't stop to ask . 
 anyway , he said , get some help . 
 so i said , quite reasonably i thought under the circumstances , ca n't you get out and climb down and he said , well actually , i wo n't tell you what he said , because it was n't very nice , and i 'd rather not repeat it . 
 i have n't heard language like it since fred sherlock had that altercation with peter ramsden over the scoring in the bowls tournament . 
 so i said , if that 's your attitude young man , you can jolly well stay up there . 
 what ? 
 i put the kettle on , of course . 
 made myself a cup of tea . 
 i have some of that tea from the health food store ... you do know it . 
 the one next to the fish and chip shop , in the precinct . 
 he does a lovely fish in there . 
 i think it 's the batter he uses . 
 no . 
 the tea tastes awful , to be honest , but it 's supposed to calm people down . 
 i much prefer darjeeling . 
 no , marge , i did n't make him one . 
 how on earth could i give him a cuppa anyway ? 
 i 'm not climbing ladders at my time of life . 
 besides . 
 i 'm not very pleased with the damage he 's caused . 
 those are the original clay tiles and i bet they 'll be impossible to replace . 
 the thing is , should i call the police or ... because it 's breaking and entering , is n't it ? 
 i mean you being a j p , i thought you might know the technicalities . 
 that 's why i called you . 
 i would have called my son , nigel , but he 's on a touring holiday of australia with his family . 
 i had a postcard from them yesterday . 
 from darwin . 
 lovely picture on the front . 
 the twins will be five in november . 
 lovely kids , but a bit of a handful . 
 so any way , i thought you would know ... well , true dear , he did n't mean to break in i suppose , but he was rather rude to me . 
 no . 
 i realise being rude is n't a crime , but it jolly well should be . 
 this is the problem with society today , no manners at all , some people . 
 we were brought up differently . 
 call an ambulance ? 
 what ever for ? 
 oh . 
 you mean for the young man . 
 well , i suppose he could be hurt , now you come to mention it . 
 he did hit the roof with a bit of a crash . 
 no , i ca n't see any blood , just a few little grazes on his shins . 
 he does rather kick his legs about a lot when he touches the electric wiring where the light fitting used to be . 
 i thought maybe the fire brigade might be the best people to come and get him down . 
 they are so good at that sort of thing with all those ladders . 
 that young officer was very good about boris , even though he did scratch his nose . 
 well , i tell you what . 
 i 'll just pop outside and see if he 's okay . 
 do n't hang up . 
 hello again , marge . 
 marge ? 
 oh . 
 there you are , dear . 
 you just went to the toilet ... i see . 
 i tell you something though , it 's just as well i went out and had a look . 
 boris , the little horror , was up there , hanging onto the poor chap 's ear with his claws . 
 getting his own back , i should n't wonder . 
 the man could n't get boris off , because his arms are all tied up in the para thingy . 
 he was shaking his head about , trying to get the blessed cat off his ear , and the pair of them were making a right old racket . 
 so i threw a pebble at him . 
 no , dear . 
 not the man . 
 boris . 
 it was n't a good shot , though . 
 i missed the cat and hit the man on the side of his head . 
 now , both his ears are bleeding . 
 then boris ran off again . 
 then the man gave me another load of verbal abuse and then he just sort of moaned a bit , and went strangely quiet . 
 no . 
 i do n't think he 's cold . 
 he has that parachute thingy covering most of him up . 
 i can only see his head poking up out of it . 
 at least the parachute is stopping the rain coming in the dining room . 
 oh , it is , marge . 
 shocking weather . 
 it 's absolutely hammering it down . 
 the front garden is a swamp . 
 it has completely ruined the flower beds . 
 you know , i do n't think we 've had a decent bit of sunshine in weeks . 
 well , i 'm glad it 's nice where you are . 
 so , do you think i should call an ambulance , then ? 
 not the police or the fire brigade . 
 i suppose if i call the emergency number , they 'll sort it all out . 
 they wo n't fix my blessed roof , though . 
 it 'll take ages to get the insurance money , i expect . 
 oh . 
 hang on . 
 he 's okay , thank goodness . 
 he 's just walked in the house and took himself off to bed . 
 no , marge , boris of course , not the man . 
 anyway . 
 i suppose i 'll have to hang up now , and call the ambulance . 
 yes . 
 it 's been lovely talking with you , too . 
 i really will have to have a drive over to your place , one of these days . 
 okay then . 
 i had better go , because his legs have stopped twitching . 
 bye marge . '' 
 story 8 character stains i do worry a lot . 
 i might be just a daft , middle-aged woman , but i just ca n't help it . 
 it 's my nature . 
 it starts off as a little niggling doubt at the back of my mind , and builds up into something of earth shattering importance . 
 a trip into town in the car , for instance , can quickly turn into a nightmare , and have me in a cold sweat before i get there , wondering if i locked the front door on my way out , knowing full well i checked it three times , just to be sure . 
 then i worry about whether or not i took my medication . 
 i ca n't risk taking another lot just in case i 'd forgotten , because too much is worse than not enough . 
 and so it goes on . 
 i even worry about library books . 
 are they overdue ? 
 did i re-new them last week ? 
 not only that , but i even worry about the stains on them . 
 surely that 's not normal ? 
 sometimes , i am so concerned about the strange little stains on those dog-eared pages , i can hardly follow the story . 
 i swear , if i could afford new books , i 'd never use the library at all . 
 but i ca n't , so i must . 
 i like to read in bed , mostly . 
 usually historical romance , -lrb- hysterical , my husband calls them -rrb- , used and abused by fifty other readers . 
 corners of pages folded over , little squiggles and initials to identify if they had read it before . 
 telephone numbers and messages in the margins , where i imagine the reader getting a phone call and using the book to jot things down , because it was convenient . 
 very inconsiderate , in my opinion . 
 then of course , there are those stains . 
 this one , on page twenty three . 
 i think it 's tea or coffee . 
 somebody sitting there , reading away , all comfortable , picking up a cuppa , and spilling it on the book . 
 they probably dabbed it with a cloth or tissue , but the damage had been done . 
 page thirty two has tomato seeds stuck on it . 
 a lunchtime reader , book in one hand , ham and tomato sandwich in the other , consequences inevitable . 
 then the juice dries , leaving the seed glued to the paper forever . 
 after years of study , i have become quite a detective of these things . 
 my husband tells me not to be so stupid and just read the damned thing . 
 it 's okay for him , he just reads a page or two , and then he 's away , snoring like a drain . 
 then i 'm wide awake , listening to his awful racket , trying to read myself to sleep . 
 he 's not snoring now , thank god . 
 some stains are very unpleasant . 
 insects are quite common . 
 many an irritating fly or mosquito has come to a sticky end in the pages of a mills and boon . 
 not all the marks or stains are insects , though . 
 page forty eight . 
 snot . 
 oh , yes . 
 i can tell snot when i see it . 
 now , if i 'm feeling generous , i imagine somebody sick in bed with influenza , nose running like a tap , eyes all weepy and red , trying to find solace in a good book as they lie ill . 
 a sneeze comes on , and before they can grab a tissue , out it comes , all over page forty eight . 
 if i 'm in a cynical mood , i can see some unpleasant individual , picking their nose in deep contemplation , then wiping the residue onto the page . 
 i may be being ungenerous , but that is definitely snot , and it got there somehow . 
 of course . 
 a few stains are , well , a little harder to discern . 
 chocolate , for instance . 
 brown and permanent but is this stain on page fifty four really chocolate ? 
 there are only two things i can think of that leave brown stains like this one , and only one of them is chocolate . 
 i 'd rather not think of the alternative or how it would have got there . 
 i know some people hog the toilet for hours , reading books . 
 my husband used to be one of them , until i knocked it out of him , after we were married . 
 men . 
 but this is a `` woman 's book , '' so i have to believe it 's chocolate , or i just could n't read it , otherwise . 
 red stains can be one of a number of things . 
 tomato sauce , red wine or blood . 
 actually , blood dries more of a reddish brown . 
 and how does blood get on the pages , anyway ? 
 have n't they heard of sticky plasters ? 
 or was somebody casually reading after slashing their wrists , hoping to get to the end before they finally go to the big library in the sky ? 
 in these days of hiv and aids , it is all a bit of a worry . 
 can you get aids from a blood stain in a book ? 
 one day , there will be a little disclaimer sticker on the cover , stating the council and the library will not be responsible for any communicable diseases contracted from reading one of their books . 
 honestly . 
 it 's getting to the point when a person wo n't be able to read a library book without wearing surgical gloves . 
 this novel has a life of its own . 
 six years old , so it 's been through a lot of hands and has been all over the country , maybe all around the world . 
 it has been on more holidays than most people get to go in a lifetime . 
 like human beings , it has picked up wrinkles and scars that make it unique . 
 if some forensic scientist did a few tests , it would probably be covered in enough dna to be classified as a new life-form . 
 i expect some clever individual has already done a science degree on the back of it . 
 i try to be careful with property that does n't belong to me . 
 i always use a bookmarker and never dog-ear a corner over to mark a page . 
 i do n't bend a book backwards , damaging the spine , not even a paperback edition . 
 i never eat while i 'm reading , except perhaps a ginger biscuit , because a few crumbs wo n't do any harm , and i 'm very careful with drinks . 
 i 'm not a saint , by any stretch of the imagination , it 's just that i was brought up to respect other peoples property . 
 unlike my awful pig of a husband , who drops the books on the floor by the side of the bed as he falls off to sleep . 
 an inconsiderate sod he is . 
 disrespectful of everything , including me . 
 no consideration or courtesy for anything in his life , especially for me . 
 not in twenty nine years of marriage has he put me first . 
 only himself . 
 selfish , ignorant and generally unpleasant . 
 twenty nine years . 
 affection is not a word in his vocabulary . 
 even our children grew up and moved away without as much as a hug or a kiss from their dear old dad . 
 a waste of time , that soppy stuff , he 'd say . 
 the kids do n't call much . 
 so i take comfort from books , escaping my empty life , finding romance of a sort in the ` strong manly arms of the handsome hero ' . 
 is that why romance books are so popular with women ? 
 i suspect so . 
 real life can be so drab ; we need to fill that gap with artificial lust and love . 
 in my mind , it is so easy to be a girl of twenty one again , to imagine myself to be beautiful and a free spirit and to love a handsome stranger , to be swept off my feet by a carefree , muscular young stallion of a man , on a whirlwind trip to some tropical paradise . 
 i can almost feel his firm embrace and soft kisses , warm and passionate on my lips , my heart pounding and my knees weak from excitement . 
 there is always a picture on the cover showing the beautiful young couple , she slim and gorgeous , looking adoringly into his eyes , usually dazzlingly blue or dark and mysterious . 
 his hair , thick , long and wavy , his body lean and perfect with a golden tan . 
 would they sell many books if the picture was of a balding old fart with a beer belly or if she was a frumpy old-maid with curlers in her grey hair and a luminescent green face-pack spread liberally over her wrinkles ? 
 sadly , at my time of life , these books are the only place i can ever expect to find those words i long to hear , words i have never heard from him . 
 this is why i am so careful with books . 
 to me they are my escape to an impossible world of love and wild adventure . 
 and yet , oh dear , i have defiled this book . 
 for the the first time ever i have ruined a book . 
 the back cover , wet and sticky , dripping red all over the duvet . 
 it was an accident , i swear . 
 i would never have done such a thing intentionally . 
 i 'm so considerate , normally . 
 it must have happened when i slit his throat with the carving knife as he lay there , and the blood gushed all over the place . 
 story 9 explain that to a martian ! 
 i heard or maybe read somewhere , that if you doubt your sanity you are in fact sane . 
 well , at fifteen minutes past three in the morning , on my way to empty a nagging bladder , making out vague but familiar shapes through bloodshot half closed eyes , i could n't find the door . 
 i was actually normally fairly adept at finding doors . 
 for the thirty four years of my questionably adult life , i had stumbled through , barged into , pushed when the sign had clearly told me to pull , but , generally speaking , had always managed to find the damned door . 
 focusing through the mildly alcoholic haze , i had staggered sleepily across my own bedroom into the lounge , intent on navigating my way unaided onwards into the dining room and without assistance from either a sherpa or a guide dog , continue unhindered to the room of much relief . 
 this ritual had met with unerring success on all previous occasions and i had been reasonably optimistic that these small steps for mankind would end similarly victorious . 
 all of this would have been true , had i been able to reach the door to open it . 
 through the pale light of the moon , shimmering its way through the un-curtained window , i could see the door , i just could n't touch it . 
 something transparent yet tangible was preventing me . 
 it seemed to cover my entire body . 
 i poked it with a finger , hoping the bubble would burst . 
 it did n't . 
 this disturbing situation forced me to concentrate painfully and bully my reluctant brain into something capable of logical thought . 
 my brain argued that my body wanted to pee and that the normal course of events was to open the door and head for the toilet . 
 signals to my hand were thwarted by some strange material that felt like soft , warm plastic . 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 `` psstleasss szist dowhan . '' 
 i am not a brave man . 
 however , i am not especially cowardly . 
 put trouble in my way and sensibly , i 'll try to circumnavigate it . 
 if that is n't an option , i 'll try to face it head on . 
 as i stood there naked , i discovered truth in the old cliché about hairs on the back of ones neck standing on end . 
 i did n't spin round to see who had spoken , or to be more precise , hissed those words , but elected instead to turn most cautiously . 
 what i saw sitting so casually on my sofa was so terrifyingly unexpected that i mentally congratulated myself in not emptying my bladder that instant . 
 the ` creature ' , was an unhealthy yellow colour , and looked as if a classroom full of kids had stuck something together from a barrow full of play-doe . 
 it consisted mostly of a middle section , with two painfully thin legs and what passed for arms hanging loosely just above those . 
 it did n't appear to have a neck at all , but more of a narrowing of the torso into a misshapen dome . 
 from the top of its head , four tentacles tipped with bulbous yellow eyes , pointed in my direction . 
 two vertical slits central to its face may well have been a nose and the longer horizontal slit for all i knew , could have been its mouth . 
 ears might be anywhere else and i preferred not to speculate . 
 i took comfort from the fact that like me , my visitor was completely naked . 
 apart from , that was , some kind of device strapped to its arm . 
 i flinched when the creature smacked the device with a tentacle . 
 closing my eyes , i fully expected to be instantly vaporised and nearly passed out with joy at still being alive a few seconds later . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 it asked . 
 the voice was now clear and intelligible . 
 `` got ta pee , '' i demanded . 
 my need had suddenly gone from merely urgent to critical . 
 `` please sit down , got ta pee . '' 
 `` ca n't , '' i said . 
 `` got ta pee . '' 
 `` i wo n't harm you , got ta pee . '' 
 by this time i had crossed my legs and cupped the family jewels with both hands . 
 if this joker did n't let me go to the toilet in the next few seconds , i would be doing something rather embarrassing in front of a complete stranger and i was annoyed enough to aim it directly at him . 
 then i realised , peeing inside a bubble would only result in me having wet and even smellier feet . 
 he ignored my plight and fiddled with the gadget on his arm . 
 `` oi , dome head . 
 i need to pee , '' i yelled . 
 from the contraption , my own words echoed out , but were now sounding like an unpleasant mix of radio static and fingernails on chalkboards . 
 `` ah . 
 you need to urinate . '' 
 the pain of holding it in was becoming unbearable now . 
 `` you got that right , you four eyed slug . '' 
 at that insult , his eyes , all of them , stared right at me . 
 `` not polite , '' came the reply . 
 `` get rid of this damn bubble , '' i demanded . 
 `` protection for me , '' he said . 
 i had to admit , it did remind me of a huge condom . 
 the bubble opened up and then it was in front of me . 
 it had me trapped and i still could n't get to the toilet . 
 i 'll count to five , i thought , and if he does n't let me out of the damn room , i 'll drown the son of a bitch . 
 as if reading my mind , the plastic bubble pushed the door open and snaked through the dining room towards the toilet . 
 still clutching my redeeming features , i followed the bubble that extended over the toilet and round me to give me complete access . 
 i had held back for so long , that now i could n't go . 
 `` you urinate , '' ordered a voice . 
 the little sod was standing right behind me . 
 i replied something that i hoped was n't lost in translation . 
 he took the hint and walked backwards on his hideously thin legs and stood just outside the door . 
 above the splashing sound of me doing what comes naturally , i heard him mutter , `` very offensive . '' 
 forgoing the hand-washing ritual , we went back to the relative warmth of the lounge . 
 he decided the ` protection ' was un - necessary and it disappeared completely . 
 i took some solace in the fact that i was at least half a metre taller than he was . 
 i was tempted to thump the yellow , hairless , lumpy looking head , and teach this devil a lesson . 
 history had taught me not to underestimate potential adversaries by their size alone so i erred on the side of caution instead . 
 he , i 'm not sure why , perhaps the lack of breasts of any kind , convinced me that it was indeed male , returned to his place on the sofa , and with a casual wave of a tentacle , invited me to sit on an armchair . 
 the sheer damn arrogance of the ... bloke , behaving like this was his damn home and not mine , got my blood boiling again . 
 controlling my anger , i complied with his request . 
 it said , `` my name is ... '' some unintelligible noise came out and i have no intention of trying to decipher it . 
 throw a handful of scrabble letters on the floor and it would do just as well . 
 for now , i 'll call him joe . 
 `` i come from mars . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 and here i was , sure you came from california . '' 
 joe 's eyes rotated disconcertingly in my direction . 
 `` definitely mars , '' he repeated . 
 a million questions zapped through my mind , like , how come we were so damn certain there was n't life on mars , and how the hell did joe get here and why the hell has he picked on me ? 
 answers please on a postcard ... `` i wish to learn about you , '' he told me . 
 `` you can get stuffed , dome head . '' 
 joe winced and his eyeballs nearly tied themselves up in knots . 
 `` do not be rude . 
 i am friendly to you . '' 
 `` if you dare say you come in peace , i swear i 'll ... '' `` but i do . 
 i do come in peace . '' 
 `` oh , for god 's sake . 
 does somebody write your script or do you ad lib ? '' 
 there was a screech and a whistle from the thing on his arm and joe smacked it again . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i slapped my own face to try to wake up from the nightmare . 
 i was awake and joe was still sitting there . 
 `` to hell with this . '' 
 in the corner of the lounge was a mahogany cupboard . 
 it contained a bottle of bourbon and it would take more than a slug from mars to keep me from it . 
 i did n't have to look to know four eyes were following me as i crossed the room . 
 with my back to him , i poured myself a very large drink and took a swallow . 
 there was something very reassuring about the warmth it brought to my throat . 
 some civilised portion of my mind considered offering joe a drink , but i was n't yet feeling chummy with him . 
 as i took another sip , i spied the telephone on the table next to the drinks cupboard . 
 what were my chances i wondered , before some deadly bolt of death cremated me ? 
 i needed a few more drinks before becoming that brave . 
 maybe it was the alcohol , but when i turned around , joe seemed more pathetic than menacing . 
 there was a blanket over one armchair and i grabbed it to wrap around me . 
 not out of modesty , but because i was getting damned cold , standing there naked . 
 i sat down again , tucking my legs up under the blanket for maximum comfort . 
 with this and the bourbon , i was decidedly more human . 
 at least , a lot more human than my uninvited visitor . 
 `` i have studied you for much long time , '' joe said . 
 `` but the more i studied you humans , the more confused i became . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` try living on this planet a while , and then you 'll be really confused . 
 oh , and that was n't an invitation , by the way . '' 
 something like a cat being strangled came from him . 
 `` nice place to visit , but i would n't want to live here . '' 
 i was warming to the joker . 
 `` okay . 
 what do you want to know ? '' 
 joe 's eyes stood up and pointed at the ceiling . 
 he seemed to be thinking it over . 
 he looked back at me . 
 `` lots of things , '' he said . 
 `` especially your women . 
 i do n't understand them at all . '' 
 `` and you 're asking me , a man ? 
 boy , are you in for a disappointment . '' 
 i got me another drink . 
 this was going to be a very long night . 
 joe waited patiently for me to unravel the complexities of man 's superior half and i just sat there drinking . 
 i tried to read his expression and determine character from a head that looked as if it had been moulded in a bucket . 
 when people weigh up other people , we put much emphasis on their eyes . 
 with joe , even looking at his four independently moving eyes on stalks was nauseating . 
 i was now wide awake and calmly assessing the facts . 
 first of all , joe was probably , hell , definitely brighter than i. to deposit himself so effortlessly into my home after travelling from mars proved that much . 
 obviously no radar tracking system had identified his ship , assuming that 's how he got here . 
 secondly , as weak and feeble as he appeared to be , he had n't killed me . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 he might have been naked , but i had no way of knowing if he had n't got some kind of pouch like a kangaroo with a weapon stashed in it . 
 thirdly , he was on a fact finding mission , so killing me would be counter productive if he was ever going to learn anything useful . 
 i said , `` joe ... '' `` joe ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` joe , why me ? 
 why have you come to my place ? '' 
 `` alone . 
 no ... interruptions . '' 
 this made sense . 
 i was alone . 
 no dogs , cats , goldfish , not even a potted plant . 
 and , sadly , no woman curled up in my bed . 
 `` fair enough . 
 listen , joe . 
 you 've picked an interesting topic of conversation with women . 
 and to be honest , i 'm probably the least qualified to give you any insight about them . 
 why do n't we start on something simple , like world politics , or stuff like that ? '' 
 `` politics very difficult to understand . 
 women would be easier i think . '' 
 my laugh came out of the translator like the noise a tortured parrot would make . 
 `` boy , have you got a lot to learn . '' 
 `` why i am here . '' 
 he paused , and then he asked , `` you have no woman . 
 why ? '' 
 `` now listen , pal . 
 my sexual inadequacies are not for debate , not now not ever , okay ? '' 
 there was an embarrassing silence and joe 's eyes aimed in every direction but at me . 
 i must have hurt the little guy 's feelings . 
 `` i had a woman , right . 
 but we just grew apart . 
 it happens . '' 
 i decided to turn the tables . 
 `` do n't you have women ? '' 
 when i said it , i realised i was still making assumptions about joe 's sexuality . 
 but , as he had been asking questions about women on earth , it was a safe bet he was n't female . 
 `` we are all same . '' 
 i looked at the pot-bellied , gangly limbed , four eyed , no faced creature and thought , hell . 
 joe 's entire race looks exactly like him . 
 this statement from him , now once more becoming an ` it ' , brought forth a hundred questions at once . 
 like procreation . 
 how , i mean , what , i mean ... damn . 
 i went back to the bourbon bottle . 
 `` would you like a drink , joe ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i poured him a small measure . 
 not because i 'm mean , but in case he found he could n't handle it . 
 i offered him the tumbler and the tentacle without the translator strapped to it wrapped around it . 
 i felt his skin touch mine . 
 it felt nothing like human skin . 
 it was more like wet sandpaper . 
 i tried not to show my revulsion . 
 one eye looked at the tumbler whilst the other three watched me . 
 i was correct about the horizontal slit being his mouth . 
 a blue tube slid out . 
 the tip was ringed by what looked like tiny suckers . 
 the tube entered the tumbler and one little sucker extended into the liquid . 
 it immediately retracted . 
 `` a bit strong for you , joe ? '' 
 his response was to dip the entire tube into the booze and suck up the whole lot in one slurp . 
 `` more please . '' 
 `` hey . 
 slow down , pal . 
 you got ta get used to this stuff . '' 
 `` more please . '' 
 he waved the tumbler at me and once again i had to endure the creepy feeling of his skin against mine . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 but do n't blame me , right ? '' 
 i poured him another and this time , he sipped it more respectfully . 
 wrapped in the blanket once more , i discreetly studied him . 
 i had accounted for most appendages we had in common , legs , arms . 
 we had one obvious difference . 
 he must have guessed my thoughts . 
 `` not like you , '' he said . 
 `` i was n't prying , i was just , you know , curious . '' 
 `` like me , curious . 
 but i know how you humans procreate . 
 all on your internet . '' 
 my mind boggled as to what websites he had been looking at . 
 i did n't pursue that line of thought with him . 
 `` if you know how we humans , you know , do it , what do you need me for ? '' 
 `` emotions . 
 women seem different to men . 
 explain . '' 
 `` i 'm no expert on that . 
 actually , there 's a famous book out . 
 it 's called ` women are from venus , men are from ... ma ... , hmm . '' 
 `` men are from ... ? '' 
 `` damn . 
 look . 
 we , men and women , right , are n't from different planets really ; at least , i do n't think we are . 
 having said that ... no , of course we are n't . 
 it 's merely a way of expressing how different we actually are . 
 it 's complicated . '' 
 `` good different ? '' 
 `` hell , yeah . 
 sort of , i mean , you know , especially the physical side of things . 
 the other stuff , like what you said , the emotions , well , to be honest , that does our damn heads in . '' 
 the tentacle entered the tumbler and finished the drink . 
 the belch that followed was a belch in any language . 
 `` alcohol not good for you . 
 why drink it ? '' 
 `` you drank it . '' 
 `` for scientific research only . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` not true . '' 
 `` i was joking . '' 
 `` yes . 
 humour . 
 explain . '' 
 the bourbon was hitting home . 
 i decided i had drunk enough for one night . 
 with an alien in my lounge , i needed to be alert . 
 `` you 're a funny critter , you are . '' 
 `` i have no humour . 
 not funny critter . '' 
 `` uh . 
 you sit there , waving your eyes about and tell me you 're not funny ? '' 
 `` is that offensive ? '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` do you find me offensive ? '' 
 `` a bit repulsive , maybe , but no , not offensive . '' 
 `` you think i am ugly ? '' 
 `` well , i would n't want to dance the tango with you , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 dancing . 
 explain dancing . '' 
 `` dancing ? '' 
 `` dancing . '' 
 `` i never got that one , myself . 
 a daft way of carrying on if you ask me . '' 
 `` i did ask you . '' 
 `` true . 
 that does n't mean i have all the answers , though . 
 my x wife , now she has all the answers . '' 
 `` i should be asking x wife questions ? '' 
 a malicious idea of sending joe to appear in my x wife 's bedroom had obvious appeal , but my conscience got the better of me . 
 `` probably not . 
 besides , you might end up with a slightly unfavourable view of men in general , and of me in particular . '' 
 `` she finds you offensive ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` she hates you ? '' 
 `` no , she does n't hate me . 
 nor i her . 
 actually , we parted amicably . 
 but i 'm not exactly on her christmas card list . '' 
 `` seasonal salutations , '' he said . 
 `` you have done some homework . '' 
 it was my turn . 
 `` so , you 're neither male nor female ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 `` so if i told you to go screw yourself , you could ? '' 
 `` disgusting idea . '' 
 looking at joe , i had to agree it was n't a pretty image to dwell upon . 
 `` you still have partners . 
 you still have babies . '' 
 `` not like you . '' 
 a part of me wanted to know , another part definitely did n't want to know . 
 he explained anyway . 
 `` two of us secrete from glands into nest and create egg . 
 both raise offspring . '' 
 `` eggs , nest ? '' 
 joe was a damn chicken . 
 `` not really like your birds , but same principle . '' 
 `` but no sex . 
 not like humans . '' 
 `` messy , inefficient . '' 
 `` a lot of fun , though . '' 
 we sat quietly , contemplating our differences . 
 `` actually , '' i said , finally , `` it is n't an option that would get my vote , but doing it your way probably causes far less trouble in the long run . 
 it creates nothing but damn trouble here on earth , i can tell you . '' 
 `` this i do not understand . 
 mankind evolved for millions of years , yes ? '' 
 `` and we still have n't got the basics sorted out , i know . 
 mind you , joe . 
 we 've got seven billion of us stuffing up the planet , so we got the baby making part perfected . '' 
 `` seven point three eight nine one five billion . '' 
 `` i 'll take you word for that , joe . '' 
 `` you not good at making babies . '' 
 `` now steady on , pal . 
 that 's none of your business , okay ? '' 
 i wondered how he knew about me and my life . 
 just how long had he had me under his microscope ? 
 i went cold thinking about it . 
 joe 's eyes did another circuit of the room , carefully avoiding me . 
 `` dancing ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` look . 
 the thing is , people , men and women , do lot 's of things for fun . 
 i do n't think you know much about fun , so it might be hard for you to understand . 
 we all like different things . 
 my wife , x wife , she can dance . 
 i have two left feet . '' 
 joe 's eyes pointed at my feet sticking out from under the blanket . 
 `` no such deformity , '' he observed . 
 `` not actually two left feet . 
 it 's an expression for somebody like me , with no sense of rhythm . 
 i 'm too awkward at dancing , and i look ridiculous when i try , so i do n't , okay . '' 
 `` but why dance ? '' 
 `` it 's like i said . 
 we like to do all sorts of stuff . 
 people are very creative , but in many different ways . 
 some paint pictures , make pots , grow flowers . '' 
 `` some dance . '' 
 `` now you 're getting it . 
 yes . 
 it 's a form of expression and also sometimes , part of the mating process . 
 man and woman getting intimate with each other . '' 
 `` you not intimate . '' 
 `` no , i mean yes . 
 the thing is , i can shuffle around the dance floor in a slow waltz , but anything more ambitious and i 'd fall over . 
 even i like to hold a woman tightly having a smooch . '' 
 `` to mate ? '' 
 `` yes , no . 
 sometimes . 
 not always . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he did n't . 
 `` people often overlap with what they try to do . 
 we like to experiment , try our hand at other things , find out what we are good at and what we are crap at . '' 
 `` you crap at making babies and dancing . '' 
 `` so damn what ? 
 i 'm good at some things , '' i insisted . 
 `` such as ? '' 
 i wish he had n't asked . 
 joe had been pretty accurate in his assessment of my limited capabilities . 
 `` all sorts of things . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 he persisted . 
 `` well , '' i had to think hard . 
 `` i write . 
 i 'm a writer . '' 
 `` a good writer ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i like to think so . 
 the problem is , publishers do n't agree with my opinion . 
 they put my writing ability on a par with my dancing skills . '' 
 `` they think you are a crap writer ? '' 
 `` some do . 
 but what do they damn know ? 
 most of them would n't know a good book if you hit them over the head with one . '' 
 `` why hit them on the head with a book ? '' 
 `` because it would be very satisfying . '' 
 `` fun ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 `` creative ? '' 
 `` enjoyable . '' 
 `` get them to publish book ? '' 
 `` highly unlikely . '' 
 `` so why do it ? '' 
 `` i have n't . '' 
 `` you want to . '' 
 `` yes , i mean no . 
 not actually hit them . 
 i was speaking metaphorically . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he did n't . 
 `` politicians , '' joe said . 
 `` explain . '' 
 `` at last , something that does make sense , '' i said . 
 then i thought about it . 
 `` well , perhaps not make sense , but easier to explain than women . '' 
 `` politicians crap . '' 
 joe seemed to like that word . 
 `` in a nutshell . '' 
 `` politicians crap in nutshells ? '' 
 it was n't a sentence you heard every day . 
 `` they have too much bull to fit in any nutshell i know of . 
 we call them a necessary evil . 
 like tax inspectors and traffic wardens . '' 
 `` have useful function ? '' 
 `` which ones ? '' 
 `` any of them . '' 
 `` as far as i 'm concerned , not much . 
 politicians seem to be forever dreaming up ways to get the tax inspectors to take as much of our hard earned cash as possible . 
 pain in the ass . '' 
 `` ass ? '' 
 looking at joe , it was entirely possible he did n't have one . 
 this would have presented him with problems smuggling drugs through customs . 
 that and the complete absence of clothes . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it 's just my way of saying that the afore mentioned occupations belong to another reality . 
 we suspect we ca n't live without them , but have we really tried ? '' 
 `` why not try ? '' 
 `` good question . 
 a damn good question . 
 i guess it 's fear of the unknown . 
 we would n't like to risk upsetting the future by getting rid of them . 
 many would like to , though . '' 
 `` guy fawkes . '' 
 `` best damn politician of the lot , some say . 
 and look what happened to him . '' 
 i decided to be serious and give a more sensible answer . 
 `` if we did n't have rules and regulations , we 'd be running around like savages . 
 we 'd be killing one another , robbing one another and generally be causing all kinds of mayhem . '' 
 `` like you do now ? '' 
 `` clever devil . '' 
 i had to admit , he had a point . 
 `` it would be a lot worse . '' 
 `` is that possible ? '' 
 `` are you judging us ? '' 
 `` merely observation . '' 
 i had no answer for man 's increasingly persistent striving for self destruction . 
 it was the way we were . 
 nobody 's perfect . 
 `` you like rules and regulations ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i just want everyone else to follow them . 
 it 's human nature to feel that way . '' 
 i was determined this was n't going to be a one way learning curve . 
 `` you must have rules in your society . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` do n't tell me you are all little goody two shoes . '' 
 his eyes , all of them , looked at the end of his feet-less legs . 
 `` no shoes . '' 
 it was impossible to tell if joe was being sarcastic . 
 `` so , you have no crime , nobody parks on double yellow lines and you all file your tax returns on time and in full ? '' 
 to the best of my knowledge , no unmanned probe to the red planet had picked up neatly parked rows of automobiles outside a tax office . 
 `` no crime , no trouble . '' 
 `` what the hell do you lot die of , boredom ? '' 
 `` old age . '' 
 `` why does that not surprise me ? '' 
 ask anyone who knows me , would they rather spend their time watching my life through a telescope , or poking their own eyes out with tooth picks , the tooth picks would win hands down . 
 but to someone who apparently lives in a society where each day is nothing but mind-numbing predictability , i can understand why studying me would be incredibly exciting . 
 it was sort of flattering , in a way . 
 i wondered if i was networked . 
 the bizarre idea of royalties went through my mind . 
 dream on . 
 `` do you eat ? '' 
 `` of course i eat . '' 
 there was a hint of what do you take me for you idiot ? 
 , in his tone . 
 `` it 's just that i 've just gone incredibly hungry all of a sudden . 
 and , as i assume you have n't brought a packed lunch with you from mars , i thought i could throw something together . '' 
 joe stared at me , in what may well have been a quizzical manner . 
 after a while , a man learns to pick on a strangers body language , even a body that looks like something that would n't be unexpected in the rubbish skip in a horror ` b ' movie film studio . 
 `` if you just get rid of that bubble thing , '' i suggested with a wave of my hand , `` we can go to the kitchen . 
 i do a really wicked cheese and chilly omelette . '' 
 `` bubble gone long time ago . '' 
 `` hell . 
 so it has . '' 
 our conversation had been so intense , i had n't noticed i was no longer confined . 
 was this some kind of trust joe had developed for me or had the batteries run out ? 
 `` right , my interplanetary gatecrasher . 
 let 's have a feed . '' 
 not taking no for an answer , i led the way into the kitchen . 
 i was relieved to find it was reasonably tidy , apart from two days washing up soaking in the sink and an old potato sack filled with re-cycleables by the back-door ready to go out . 
 it hardly smelled at all . 
 so i merely had to shift the un-ironed washing that had been left in the basket on the kitchen table for the last five days and i thought the place unusually clean . 
 nothing to be embarrassed about at all , apart perhaps from the dead mouse in the trap on the worktop , which now seemed to be alive with maggots . 
 i really must throw that out tomorrow . 
 first thing . 
 `` so , what do you fancy ? '' 
 i said , opening the fridge door . 
 the cheddar was evolving nicely into blue cheese and something revolting had happened to the tomatoes in the vegetable compartment . 
 joe stood behind me , examining the mysterious contents of the cold white box . 
 as he had no experience to draw from i did n't think he would be able to form an opinion on the state of my fridge . 
 wrong . 
 `` crap , '' he said . 
 well , joe did n't actually say crap , his translator decided the expletive was the nearest earthly equivalent to the martian vernacular . 
 deciding joe 's considered opinion about my food storage system was n't far off the mark , i opened the little freezer compartment on the top . 
 a packet of fish-fingers escaped and fell on the floor . 
 `` right then . 
 fish finger sandwiches it is then . '' 
 `` fish have no fingers . 
 like me , '' he said , waving a tentacle at me . 
 `` i have studied your planet . 
 fingers no . '' 
 `` no , joe , they have n't . 
 that 's because we cut the things off and eat them . '' 
 with a sheet of kitchen paper , i carefully pushed the mousetrap to one side . 
 a man has to have space when creating a culinary masterpiece . 
 i scraped the remains of the liver and onions i 'd had for my dinner -lrb- what had i been thinking ? -rrb- 
 out of the frying pan into the overflowing rubbish bin and got the thing up to a high enough temperature to kill off any bacteria threatening to evolve into a higher life form and emptied the packet of fish fingers into it . 
 i counted nine of them . 
 enough for a decent sandwich each . 
 `` are you okay with earth food , by the way ? '' 
 if he was n't , it meant more for me . 
 `` soon find out , '' he said . 
 all four eyes were watching the fingers swimming about in the half inch of liver flavoured fat . 
 then he watched the incredible digital dexterity with which i cut doorstops out of a loaf and spread copious amounts of butter on them . 
 i could tell he was impressed . 
 i flipped over the fingers before they were incinerated , shuffled the pan like some head chef from paris and then layered the bread with them . 
 `` the secret of this masterpiece , joe , is to smother the whole damn thing with brown sauce . 
 and there we have it . 
 a feast fit for a king . '' 
 we sat at the kitchen table and i was half way through my sandwich before joe had even touched his . 
 the feeding tube that had popped out of his mouth hovered over the sandwich , and one of the tiny tentacles around its rim was prodding at the bread with the same enthusiasm a food critic would have for an offering from a calcutta backstreet stall . 
 his eyes looked up at me , then back at the sandwich and he did a little shudder that must have been a martian sigh . 
 and then , with reckless abandonment , his feeding tube opened out to the size of a dinner plate , and the whole sandwich was gone . 
 just like that . 
 `` damn , joe . 
 you do n't mess about , do you ? '' 
 joe leaned back in the chair and belched so loud it swept my hair back . 
 i took it to be a compliment . 
 `` you enjoyed that then , eh ? '' 
 `` crap . '' 
 `` that 's gratitude for you , '' i said . 
 `` no . 
 must crap . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i see . 
 okay . 
 you know where the bathroom is . 
 just , you know , off you go . '' 
 `` outside . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was n't sure about this at all . 
 i mean , what would mrs willis next door say , if she saw a martian taking a crap in my back garden ? 
 if nothing else , it would be something different for them to talk about at the over sixties club . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 could n't you just ... '' i nodded towards the bathroom door . 
 `` outside . '' 
 `` okay . 
 keep your hair on . '' 
 `` no hair . '' 
 `` i meant , just do whatever it is you must do . 
 just be ... discreet will you ? '' 
 he was through the back-door before i 'd finished . 
 more than twenty minutes had passed by the time he came back . 
 `` constipation ? '' 
 `` not crap like you . '' 
 `` i guess not . 
 i made a brew while you were outside . '' 
 we sat a while , sipping tea . 
 joe only drank a little . 
 `` i got the fire going in the lounge as well . 
 no point in being cold . '' 
 joe made himself comfortable again on the sofa and he watched the flames dance in the log-burner . 
 i wondered if i was going to find some strangely coloured pile of something on my lawn in the morning . 
 for some inexplicable reason , i figured it was n't going to be the regulation brown . 
 `` why you not got woman ? '' 
 `` we 've done that one , '' i reminded him . 
 `` i had a woman . 
 we finished . '' 
 `` why no new woman ? '' 
 `` you 've got a one track mind , '' i said with a sigh . 
 `` you 've travelled god knows how far to find out about men and women . '' 
 i looked at him , and four wayward excuses for eyes looked back expectantly at me . 
 `` i ca n't help thinking there 's more to this than scientific curiosity . 
 give it to me straight , joe . 
 are you and your kind planning some kind of mass invasion of this planet ? '' 
 once the translator finished hissing , joe 's eyes pointed disbelievingly at the ceiling , and a throaty cackle of laughter came back at me . 
 `` if we destroyed all of you , what would we do for fun ? '' 
 although reassuring , there was something fundamentally disturbing in that comment . 
 in one sentence , joe had let it slip that , should they choose to , they could wipe us out without breaking into a sweat , and , even more of a worry , the reason they did n't , was because they found the human race so sufficiently entertaining , we would be allowed to continue our miserable existence . 
 i had the bizarre idea of a roomful of martians , eating live maggoty things off a tray , watching the latest episode of my life as if it was the flintstones or something . 
 i just hoped the ratings did n't slip . 
 `` i 'm glad you think i 'm amusing . '' 
 `` i ... admire you , '' he said . 
 this was a new twist . 
 never having seen much that 's admirable about humans , particularly myself , this was a concept i had difficulty with . 
 `` why ? 
 because we are resilient individuals , inventive and resourceful ? '' 
 even as i said it , i knew i was grasping at straws . 
 `` it is true . 
 no matter how much crap you self-inflict , you succeed in clawing your way to the top of it . '' 
 i do n't get many compliments and when someone , even a martian , gives me a merit badge for being the one who sticks the national flag into a dung heap , i will happily pin it on my chest . 
 `` thanks , joe . 
 it 's nice to have my finer qualities recognised . 
 i suppose i 've always been tenacious , even when ... '' `` but why do you cause yourselves so many problems ? '' 
 joe asked , deflating me at a stroke . 
 i was n't too sure if he meant just me , in which case he was right on the money , or all humans , which meant , damn it , he was right on the money . 
 `` the greatest thinkers throughout our history have speculated on that , '' i told him . 
 `` that and which came first ... '' `` ... chicken or egg ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 but if it helps , we have a saying . 
 if it does n't kill you , it makes you stronger . '' 
 `` meaning ? '' 
 `` damned if i know , joe . 
 it just seemed appropriate . '' 
 the clock on the wall above the fireplace informed me it was now seventeen minutes past three . 
 but this was ridiculous . 
 only a couple of minutes had elapsed since this crazy episode had begun . 
 perhaps the clock had stopped ; the batteries had run down at last . 
 my watch , a reliable , bomb proof casio , was on the table in front of me . 
 i had left it there before going to bed . 
 the lcd display agreed with the roman numerals of the clock on the wall . 
 a chill ran through my entire body . 
 somehow , it seemed , joe had the ability to slow time down to a crawl . 
 this diminutive , sickly yellow , four eyed visitor was not to be underestimated . 
 `` does n't time fly when you 're enjoying yourself ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` you could all live much easier lives if you so wished , '' joe said , ignoring my grumblings . 
 `` my impression is that you choose not to . 
 why ? '' 
 `` a good question and very good observation . 
 i 'm not too sure i could give you a good answer to it though , not one that made much sense . '' 
 `` do people enjoy suffering ? '' 
 i thought about this . 
 `` a tiny percentage called masochists gets off on having pain inflicted . 
 i never saw the point of that , actually . 
 i certainly do n't like pain myself . 
 it hurts . '' 
 `` i was thinking more of emotional pain rather than physical . 
 i suspect the percentage of humans that derive some pleasure or satisfaction in this is far higher , am i correct ? '' 
 `` you 've learnt well , grasshopper . '' 
 `` i have four limbs . 
 i am not insect . '' 
 joe had n't taken offence , i figured , merely ensuring i had n't gotten the wrong idea about him . 
 `` sorry , joe , you have to forgive my perverse sense of humour . 
 it gets me in trouble all the time . '' 
 `` i struggle with this thing you call humour . 
 what is a joke ? '' 
 this might be easier . 
 `` humour tends to be a release mechanism . 
 we need to let off steam now and again , and humour is a relatively harmless way of doing this . 
 jokes are merely the way we express our humour . '' 
 he nodded , causing his eye stalks to wave on the top of his head . 
 it was both repulsive and fascinating to watch . 
 `` but you say your humour gets you in trouble ? '' 
 `` on occasions , '' i said . 
 `` sometimes my jokes are taken too seriously and misunderstood . 
 not just my jokes , you see , but everybody 's jokes can backfire . 
 what i might find funny might piss somebody else off completely . 
 and visa versa . '' 
 `` tell me a joke . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a joke , so that i may understand . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 i could n't believe i was sitting here , trying to tell a joke to an alien from space . 
 `` okay . 
 there was this bloke , sitting on a camel ... no , you 'd never get that one . 
 right , try this one . 
 a martian walks into a bar in new york , right ? 
 and the barman said ... this 'll kill you , joe , he said ... the real estate agents convention is next door . 
 get it , joe ? '' 
 reading expressions from joe 's face was like de-scaling a dragon . 
 impossible . 
 no reaction . 
 `` see , the barman thought ... joe , if you have to explain them , it 's a waste of time . '' 
 `` i do understand , '' said joe , `` you are inferring real estate agents look like ... me . '' 
 `` well ... '' `` i am much better looking . '' 
 when he said that , he rocked back and forth on the sofa , his eye stalks flopping about all over the place and the most maniacal laughter crackled out of the translator . 
 `` funny ? '' 
 he asked when he 'd settled down again . 
 i was also laughing , more at joe 's over the top convulsions to his own joke rather than the corny offering itself . 
 `` you 're getting the hang of it . 
 when you get back home , you 'll be a sensation . '' 
 `` why do you drink ? '' 
 i was beginning to dread joe 's questions . 
 they seemed to come from such diverse tangents and with a barb that stung me deeply . 
 looking down at the empty tumbler on the table , i realised that i had indeed been thinking of getting another drink for me at least and who could tell , maybe another for my guest . 
 `` it 's the way i am , joe . 
 not good , not bad , just me . '' 
 i picked up the glass , turned it around in my hand , letting the light reflect its pretty innocent patterns from the deeply etched moulded surface . 
 right then , i needed a drink more than anything else in the world . 
 was n't it reasonable enough , under the circumstances ? 
 i was , after all , dealing with a most unusual situation , and , patting myself metaphorically on the back , doing a damn good job of it . 
 `` maybe it 's because i 'm a writer , '' i offered , lamely . 
 writing clichés is bad enough ; living them is unforgivable . 
 even so , there was a modicum of truth in it . 
 `` you see , '' i laboured bravely on , `` creative people are ... different . 
 we think differently from the others . 
 and ... '' was this just crap or could i claw my way out of this pit of lies . 
 `` we think on many levels ... '' god , it was getting worse . 
 `` sometimes , we crave substance abuse of one kind or another , to draw out this creativity . '' 
 there , i 'd said it . 
 i had put my hand inside my chest , grabbed my still beating heart and wrenched it out for all the world to see . 
 belching out this lie did n't absolve me from my guilt . 
 `` so , destroying your brain and internal organs with alcohol , releases your creative ability ? '' 
 `` yes , no , oh stuff you , you ... '' i could n't deny joe 's logic . 
 `` it is n't as simple as that . '' 
 joe nodded , causing his eye stalks to wave rhythmically . 
 `` i know . 
 that is why i came here . '' 
 `` would you care to zap a few brain cells and blitz your liver , assuming you have one ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` would you like another drink , my martian friend ? '' 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask . '' 
 i poured us both another shot of bourbon . 
 a smaller one for joe . 
 i was n't yet ready to kill off my space travelling drinking buddy . 
 he took the tumbler from me , holding it in the tip of his tentacle . 
 as previously , he studied the glass before the thing from his mouth snaked out and sucked up the bourbon . 
 with the glass empty , the thin trunk disappeared back into his mouth and i could n't help but notice a slight smacking together of what were probably his lips . 
 the little yellow devil had enjoyed his booze . 
 `` remember to pick up some duty free before you take off , '' i suggested . 
 i sipped my drink , savouring the warm familiarity of it . 
 creative crap aside , i needed reassurance . 
 the bourbon was now my anchor on normality . 
 ironic , really , as it was normally my escape from all things mundane and normal . 
 `` no money , '' joe said . 
 `` not buy alcohol . '' 
 i had this depressing idea of me going to live on mars , with damn all to do and no bourbon with which to deaden the pain . 
 `` you lot must do something on your planet . 
 c’mon joe , enlighten me . '' 
 he paused a moment and then said , `` we think . '' 
 it was the way he said it that i found disturbing . 
 i mean humans think , even i think ; too much for my own good sometimes . 
 but i sensed a deeper significance to joe 's remark . 
 i was sure he meant , you humans think , but we martians really think . 
 was that it ? 
 `` about what , joe ? 
 tell me what you think about . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` we ... connect ... with each other . 
 our thoughts multiply and grow . 
 our intelligence becomes unlimited . '' 
 this was one hell of a concept to grasp . 
 `` you mean all of you ? 
 everyone on the planet ... sort of ... links up together with your minds ? '' 
 `` you would enjoy the experience . 
 your mind goes on journeys an individual could not imagine . '' 
 i was beginning to understand . 
 `` this is why you do n't have booze or anything else . 
 you all get off on , well , just being together , joining your minds , your thoughts . '' 
 `` with our minds as one , we also grow as individuals . 
 our intelligence increases and our wisdom , too . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i can see that that would be an amazing experience . 
 it sounds incredibly beautiful , joe . '' 
 the more i thought about it , its purity , its simplicity , the more beautiful it became . 
 it had that whole , ` i see rainbows in the evening ' , sort of purity . 
 `` tell me about it , joe , help me understand . '' 
 at the back of my mind , something nagged to remind me , this is possibly the first and only chance given to humans to converse with a being from another planet . 
 its significance was not lost on me and i would be a fool to let the opportunity go without trying to extract from it every morsel of information i could . 
 after all , was n't joe doing exactly that to me ? 
 `` i do not have your skill as a writer to put images into words , '' he admitted , `` but i will try . '' 
 he said nothing for sometime , and his eye stalks examined every nook and cranny of my modest living room , looking at everything but seeing nothing . 
 `` imagine ... being in conversation with your closest friend , talking deeply of some far reaching philosophy , something abstract but engaging . 
 and then , another friend joins in , adding his or her own experience and ideas . 
 and then more friends join in and suddenly , your whole world is a frenzy of debate . 
 it becomes a tangible and exciting event . '' 
 he paused and studied me again . 
 `` i doubt if you would survive the experience . '' 
 he did n't elaborate , and i could only surmise the meaning of his statement . 
 did i , as a mere human , not have the mental capacity to be a part of such an event ? 
 was our intelligence so far behind that of the martians that to take part would destroy our minds ? 
 i did n't pursue it because i feared the answer would depress me too much . 
 `` and i thought you were boring , '' i said . 
 `` do you regard us ... me as primitive ? '' 
 `` an interesting question . 
 as a race , you are capable of great achievements . 
 but ... '' `` i knew there 'd be a but . '' 
 `` but also , you are capable of being obscene and grotesque . 
 you make barbarism into an art-form . 
 we find your capacity for atrocity unbelievable . '' 
 i picked up on the ` we ' . 
 obviously , joe was n't the only one keeping an eye , or in his case , lots of eyes on us . 
 `` nobody 's perfect , '' i reminded him . 
 `` when you go home , you know , back to mars , '' i nodded towards the ceiling , with no particular idea if that was the correct direction , `` not that i 'm trying to get rid of you , mind , what makes you think i wo n't tell the authorities here all about you ? 
 you realise i will , of course ? '' 
 the slit where his mouth might have been puckered a little and i imagined that to be a wry smile . 
 a sort of , you do n't know anything , little smile . 
 `` could i allow that to happen ? '' 
 he asked , frankly . 
 an unpleasant tingling sensation stroked my spine like a wicked call-girl with a perverted sense of humour and a feather duster . 
 -lrb- now that was a night . -rrb- 
 with my heightened tendency towards paranoia , always my permanent cross to bear , i naturally considered the worst of all possible options . 
 scenarios played rapidly through my mind , and they nearly all ended with me becoming a pile of grey ash on my living-room carpet , and joe standing over me with a smoking ray gun in his tentacle . 
 from which part of his naked anatomy he was to produce this weapon of my destruction , i had absolutely no idea . 
 so terrifyingly clear was the image i saw with my minds eye i had to shake my head vigorously to remove it . 
 `` you will not remember even meeting me , when i have gone . '' 
 i liked that . 
 it sounded a hell of a lot more upbeat than having my atoms fried . 
 i could live with forgetting all about joe and our conversation . 
 `` fair enough . 
 a pity in a way , though . 
 it would make a good book , all this . '' 
 `` e.t. '' `` you watched e.t. ? '' 
 `` we all did . '' 
 i could n't help wondering if joe and his kind cried at the sad bits , dabbing tissues at all four eyes . 
 `` i must go , ' he said . 
 ` air not good . '' 
 `` i have n't farted , ' i assured him . 
 `` your air not good for me too long . '' 
 `` well . 
 its been inter ... '' the little joker had gone . 
 just damn vanished . 
 `` hmm . 
 i got news for you , space cowboy . 
 i still remember everything . ' 
 he suddenly came back . 
 but he was n't where he 'd been sitting . 
 he was by the bourbon . 
 his tentacle wrapped around it . 
 `` bye , '' he said . 
 then he was gone . 
 who was gone ? 
 something had gone . 
 what had gone ? 
 i had the most peculiar feeling , something had happened but i could n't put my finger on it . 
 i needed a drink . 
 there was an empty space where the bottle had been . 
 i really have to cut down . 
 story 10 man of iron they were full of advice and janet hawthorne was regretting asking them for any at all . 
 she felt uncomfortable enough as it was , sitting in the corner of the bar sipping some peculiar tasting cocktail that rose morrison insisted on getting her . 
 `` loosen you up a bit , girl , '' rose had declared , as she 'd placed the blue coloured liquid in front of her . 
 janet eyed the concoction suspiciously , and wondered how on earth she was going to drink whatever it was with the tiny umbrella , the cherry on a pick and a plastic thing shaped like a walking stick , all promising to leave permanent scarring on her face . 
 janet took the lead from rose and removed the umbrella , ate the cherry and then finally giving the cloudy blue mixture a swish round with the walking stick . 
 the first tentative sip had made janet wince . 
 it tasted bitter and she wished she 'd stuck to her guns and had the orange juice she normally drank . 
 as if reading her mind , martha williams said , `` revolting muck . 
 i do n't know how you can drink it . '' 
 martha was sticking to her gin and tonic that she 'd drank since she 'd turned twenty and that was a good many g and t 's ago . 
 `` some of us like a bit of variety in our lives , '' said rose . 
 `` some of us are n't still living in the sixties . '' 
 martha hit right back with , `` and some of us know our age . 
 if that mini skirt was any shorter , it would be a belt . '' 
 she said it doing a bit of a thing with her lips as if she was sucking lemons . 
 that was another dig at the embarrassingly short skirts rose wore . 
 this was in spite of being sixty-seven , with short legs with the fat ankles and her size sixteen figure . 
 rose deliberately crossed her legs , showing far more of her plump thighs than was appropriate . 
 `` if you 've got it , flaunt it , i always say . '' 
 janet took another cautious sip . 
 `` i ... i 'm getting used to it . '' 
 `` good on you , girl . 
 it 'll put hair on your chest , '' rose said with that phlegm filled smokers laugh she had . 
 she wriggled her ample posterior onto her chair . 
 janet shuddered at the thought of having a hairy chest . 
 she had avoided growing hair there for sixty five years , and she had no intention of starting at her time of life . 
 `` anyway , ' rose said , `` this is nice , eh , janet ? 
 it 's about time you came out with us again and had a night on the town . '' 
 `` is that what we 're doing ? '' 
 sniffed martha . 
 `` if sitting in the bar of the spit and bucket on a friday night is your idea of having a night out , you 're easily pleased . '' 
 rose ignored the remark and returned to the main topic of the evening . 
 `` as we were saying , janet , this bloke you 've got your eye on . 
 you say he actually asked you out ? '' 
 janet glanced quickly at martha and then sheepishly at rose . 
 behind rose 's thick rimmed glasses , green eyes studied janet 's face as she waited for the reply . 
 `` well , not in so many words . 
 more of a suggestion , really . 
 he 'd been in a few times before . 
 i kind of got the impression he was a bit shy . 
 there were other customers waiting , so i suppose it was a little awkward for him . '' 
 janet worked part-time in the corner shop a few hours a week to boost up her meagre pension . 
 it also got her out of the house and gave purpose to her otherwise dull life . 
 the youngest of the three widows at sixty-five , janet was the only one still working . 
 `` i 'm surprised the chap could contain himself , with you stood behind the sweet counter in your pinafore , '' chuckled martha , `` i bet he was a seething cauldron of burning desire , ready to burst with passion at any moment . '' 
 she read far too many books bound by pink covers with pictures of young couples about to ravish one another . 
 `` besides . 
 he could be married . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm asking you two about , '' janet reminded them . 
 `` how can i tell ? 
 i do n't want to make a fool of myself . '' 
 `` was he wearing a wedding ring ? '' 
 asked rose . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that does n't mean much , '' said martha , swirling the last drop of her gin and tonic in the bottom of the glass . 
 this was accompanied with meaningful looks at janet to see if the timid little wallflower would actually make it all the way to the bar and get a round in . 
 there was always a first time . 
 `` my gordon never wore a ring . 
 he always said it was dangerous , working with machinery in the factory . 
 he saw a bloke have his finger ripped right off once . 
 he caught his wedding ring in the drill press and ... whoosh , off it went , clean as a whistle . 
 they never did find it . 
 mind you , they did have a cat . '' 
 `` charming , '' said rose . 
 `` still , you 're right . 
 a ring does n't mean he is or he is n't . '' 
 `` well , how else can i tell ? '' 
 `` ironing , '' said martha . 
 `` what ? '' 
 said janet . 
 `` it 's a well known fact . 
 blokes ca n't iron . 
 and those that can are either , you know , gay , or have been brought up mommy 's boys . 
 neither much use to you , janet . '' 
 `` how do you mean , exactly ? '' 
 janet still could n't make the connection . 
 with a sigh , martha put down her empty glass . 
 `` i never knew a real bloke who could iron a shirt . 
 my gordon , bless him , he had a go if i was ill or something . 
 a right mess he 'd make of it . 
 he always had trouble with the shoulders . 
 it did n't matter how many times i showed him how to do it , the shoulders always had creases in them . 
 hopeless . '' 
 rose had to admit there was some merit in martha 's suggestion . 
 `` so if a man is wearing a shirt with creased shoulders , it means he is n't gay , not a mommy 's boy and probably not married ? 
 did you look at his shoulders by any chance , janet ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i mean , they were broad and muscular looking ... . '' 
 `` oooh , '' exclaimed martha , a faraway look in her eyes . 
 `` ... he stood there tall and dark with his broad , muscular shoulders , straining at his un-ironed shirt ... '' `` you need to get a life , girl , '' said rose . 
 `` but she does have a point . 
 i never met a man who could iron a shirt , either . '' 
 it was at seven-thirty the next morning when janet entered the corner shop . 
 it had only taken a couple of minutes to walk there in her brisk manner from her modest home ; along the main street of the one horse town she 'd lived in since she had been a little girl . 
 she was glad to get into the cool air of the shop from the heat that was already building up . 
 it was promising to be a long hot summer . 
 `` morning , janet , '' came the cheery greeting from within . 
 helen fitzeherbert was serving one of the locals with his morning paper and his cigarettes . 
 `` morning , janet , '' echoed the man . 
 everybody knew everyone else in their little community . 
 `` morning helen . 
 morning george . 
 how 's the new hip ? '' 
 janet asked , taking her pinafore that was hanging on the hook on the storeroom door . 
 the question was rhetorical but she got george harper 's usual response . 
 `` it has n't dropped off yet . '' 
 george had been the local school bus driver for years before he had to pack it in because of his arthritic hip . 
 after the operation , he was as good as new , but the bus company still pensioned him off two years before his time . 
 like a lost soul , he still followed his daily routine , with the exception of driving the bus . 
 he left the shop with a forced smile , and his newspaper tucked under his arm . 
 `` poor old devil , '' said helen . 
 she slipped out to the stockroom to put the kettle on . 
 like george , the two women had their routine . 
 and that was having a cup of tea and a biscuit before the ` rush hour ' between eight and nine . 
 `` he was in again after you 'd left , '' helen called out . 
 `` who was ? '' 
 `` that bloke you fancy . '' 
 janet felt her face flush . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , helen . 
 i do n't fancy anybody . '' 
 she took the mug of tea and the biscuit from one of the packets with the expired date . 
 `` anyway , what did he say ? '' 
 `` ah . 
 got you . 
 you know exactly who i 'm talking about and you are interested . '' 
 helen teased janet by drinking half her tea before answering . 
 `` he did n't say a lot . 
 he seems a little quiet and shy . 
 but he was looking all around the shop and he seemed disappointed that you 'd gone home . 
 he told me he 's steve jones 's father . 
 you know , the chap who has the welding shop out of town . 
 he 's just moved in with him . '' 
 `` is that all he told you ? '' 
 `` that was all he said to me . 
 well , he was hardly going to tell me his life history , now was he ? '' 
 `` but ... how do you know he was looking for me ? '' 
 helen gave janet a knowing smile . 
 `` he did n't buy anything . '' 
 janet spent the rest of the day keeping busy , stocking the shelves and serving the customers . 
 although the work got done , her mind kept wandering off in other directions . 
 there was always something to do in the shop . 
 she could n't help but look closely at all the male customers shirts , particularly the shoulders , putting martha 's theory to the test . 
 being a hot day , nobody wore sweaters or coats , so she had plenty of men 's shirts to look at . 
 just quick little glances ; nothing obvious . 
 as she knew most of the customers well , she was able to match the standard of ironing to their marital status . 
 she was quite surprised at the accuracy of the theory . 
 with this new dimension to her working day , the time fled by . 
 it was a few minutes to three and she was about to take off her pinafore to go home , when the door chime announced another customer . 
 her heart skipped a beat as mr jones senior walked in . 
 he was about her own age and there was something in the manner he carried himself and his rugged but distinguished face . 
 looking for something to buy , he picked up a newspaper and placed it on the counter . 
 instinctively she scrutinised his shoulders . 
 she was disappointed to see no creases anywhere . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 flustered , janet stuttered , `` sorry . 
 i ... i was just admiring your shirt . '' 
 `` oh . 
 actually , it 's a new one . 
 i was fed up of walking around like a scruff . '' 
 he leaned closer over the counter and whispered , `` between you and me , i ca n't iron for toffee . '' 
 hi . 
 i hope you have enjoyed those . 
 be sure to look out for my books by me , shannon le'vin and my male self , gary weston . 
