 the drowned sailor by benjamin parsons copyright 2012 benjamin parsons smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 * * * i the best comedies always end with weddings , but it does not follow -lrb- i hope -rrb- that the worst always begin with them , because this must , as i am at a loss how to start it anywhere else . 
 the scene was the westcountry of england , and the date , twenty-first of march : all was overcast above , and bright and green below -- a happy setting for a wedding . 
 it was the eve of the special day , the last of the engagement , and the anxious fiancés were embowered together in blissful contemplation of the marital pleasures to come -- that is , they were quarrelling . 
 well , you must know that lovers often love to hate and hate to love , and so it was with this couple : clare belmont sat by the window overlooking the slate-sea , red-cheeked and vexed with crying , and waiting for him to notice ; while james trevick stood on the other side of the room , arms folded , sulking magnificently . 
 this trevick was handsome like thunder and lightning : stern and glowering even on his best days , with stormy brows , a curling lip and eyes quick to dart fire . 
 his hair , black as rain clouds , was ruffled as though by tempests , and such a head , atop a mighty frame too , was aptly suited to petulant tempers and moody silences -- he was the king of them , and could bring them to bear in any lover 's dispute with fatal power . 
 in the face of such onslaughts , clare must fall back on her own best artillery , namely , hysterical tears . 
 she had no patience with brooding and silences , and must always give vent to her feelings . 
 she was an orphan , but as a darling beauty adorned with auburn ringlets , had been indulged and spoiled from the cradle by all manner of compassionate relatives , so the withholding of affection or attention would invariably invoke a sobbing tantrum until she could attain her own way . 
 she was not tyrannical , however , and rarely used her peevish power simply to keep her friends and family dancing attendance ; in fact , she was usually as placid and easily led as a child when people were kind to her . 
 but in these instances of apparent neglect , the foot would stamp , the tears spring up , the voice rise an octave and the curls tremble like a medusa 's -- all symptoms particularly irksome to trevick -- so they were perfectly attuned to infuriate each other . 
 upon this happy couple happened ravella , cheerful friend of the bride-to-be . 
 her appearance prompted an immediate appeal from clare . 
 ` ravella ! ' 
 she cried , starting up . 
 ` i ca n't bear it another second ! 
 i ca n't bear him -- he does n't love me , he does n't care if i live or die ! 
 why should i marry a man like that ? 
 what am i going to do ? 
 what am i going to do ? ' 
 -- at which he snorted , she sobbed anew , and ravella asked in some surprise what the matter was ? 
 ` oh ! 
 well ! ' 
 exclaimed her friend then , ` i suppose he would say there 's nothing the matter , only that i 've been crying my eyes out and breaking my heart this quarter of an hour -- i feel sick with it , but he has n't so much as looked at me , even asked me what 's wrong -- and he 's supposed to love me ! 
 love ! 
 is that love , ravella ? ' 
 ravella glanced at the gloomy monument in the corner , who was tapping his foot impatiently , and ventured to say that it was anybody 's guess what love was , in the end . 
 ` well it 's not what i call love ! ' 
 returned the unhappy lady . 
 ` freezing me out , turning his back , drumming his fingers while i 'm sobbing aloud for anybody to hear ! 
 i do n't know how he can stand by , and not care -- i could n't do it -- no-one with a heart could ! ' 
 ` perhaps his heart 's stopped , and he 's died , just standing there ? ' 
 suggested ravella . 
 clare concurred that he might as well be dead for all she knew , and in her frustration snatched up a coaster from the windowsill and threw it at her fiancé . 
 the missile bounced off his shoulder to no effect , save deepening his frown . 
 ` it seems he has passed on after all , as we feared , ' said ravella . 
 ` well , it 's best i begin the post-mortem at once . 
 first and foremost , the cause of death , and that 's clear : you 've killed him yourself . ' 
 ` me ! ' 
 clare gasped . 
 ravella nodded . 
 ` you do n't think he 's done it on a whim , do you ? 
 he 's obviously died of happiness , and you 're the cause . ' 
 ` happiness ! 
 he 'd better not be happy , i 've been telling him off all morning . ' 
 ` ah , now we come at it , ' said ravella . 
 ` why have you been scolding him ? ' 
 ` for making me miserable ! 
 he makes me so angry , ravella , he drives me mad ! ' 
 ` in what way ? ' 
 ` he 's so -- so close , so secretive ! 
 he wo n't tell me things , what he 's thinking , or feeling . 
 he keeps it all hidden , and i ca n't stand it ! ' 
 ` what does it matter what he thinks ? 
 how he acts is your concern . 
 does n't he act like he loves you ? ' 
 ` yes , but he 's so deep and mysterious , ' she complained . 
 ` he 's keeping a secret from me , even now . 
 he 's been keeping it for ages , and wo n't open up , even though he can see how unhappy it makes me . ' 
 ` how do you know he 's keeping anything from you ? ' 
 was the next question . 
 the injured one glared at her future spouse and replied : ` you know how you know ? 
 well , i know . ' 
 ravella raised an eyebrow , but nodded wisely . 
 then she smiled , took her friend 's hand consolingly , and regarded trevick . 
 ` clare , the great attraction of men like lord byron over there is his depth , his mystery . 
 you need his secrets , his passions to be delved , as you well know -- so you must endure them ! 
 after all , they 've drawn you in like bait , and now you 're hooked , and want him more than ever . 
 well , is n't it true ? ' 
 ` if only he 'd say that he cares about me at all , i would n't be so angry with him , ' protested clare . 
 ` no , ' said ravella , ` but if he told you he adores you every day , you would n't be half so passionate to know it , either . 
 i believe men have their ploys , as well as women , and this is his . 
 after all , choppy seas are generally placid underneath . ' 
 ` very interesting ! 
 but i do n't want your opinion , ravella ! ' 
 said trevick suddenly , finally out of patience . 
 ` oho ! ' 
 laughed ravella . 
 ` you see , clare ? 
 i 've plumbed the depths at once , and knocked my head on the bottom . 
 but you must confess , byron , that there 's no secret worth keeping ? ' 
 trevick paced over to the door , and made to part with : ` if there is , it 's not for you to know , ' -- but clare dashed over and caught his sleeve . 
 ` and not for me to know either , james ? 
 how can you keep anything from me ? ' 
 he sighed , and looked at his fiancée earnestly . 
 ` we 'll be married tomorrow , clare , and there will be no secrets then . 
 but for now , just leave me be . ' 
 he made to go again , and she clung to him wretchedly . 
 ` you do n't love me anymore , is n't that it , james ? 
 you do n't want me ! 
 why wo n't you just say it ? ' 
 at this he took her by the shoulders , mid-way between a shake and an embrace . 
 ` i 'm going to marry you , clare -- i 'm going to marry you ! 
 of course it 's you i want ! ' 
 -- whereupon she decided the matter , and embraced him . 
 ravella smiled to herself , sat down primly on the chair lately vacated by clare , and murmured : ` i know your secret , byron . ' 
 trevick wheeled about with sudden vehemence . 
 ` do you now ? 
 you can read my mind , i suppose ! 
 what are you , a fairy , or a witch ? ' 
 ` what is the secret , ravella ? ' 
 implored clare , pouting . 
 ` if you know it , tell me ! ' 
 ravella looked downcast . 
 ` mr. trevick hates me , clare . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she demanded of him , in immediate defence of her friend . 
 ` i do n't hate her , ' he countered irritably . 
 ` oh yes , i remember , ' said ravella quietly . 
 ` i do n't deserve to be teased and tormented ! ' 
 cried clare . 
 ` ravella , what does it all mean ? ' 
 trevick cut in : ` it means nothing ! 
 i 've had enough of your mischief , ravella ! ' 
 ` it means , ' replied ravella , ` nothing indeed . 
 byron here is in a pet because i laughed at him , and his pride ca n't bear it . 
 we do n't get on at the best of times , and i daresay his secret involves his feelings for me , and how they might distress you . ' 
 clare turned back to him . 
 ` oh james , is this it ? 
 i wish you two would be friends , and save me from all this grief . 
 how can you not love ravella ? ' 
 ` how can he help it ? ' 
 answered she . 
 ` i 'm an incorrigible rogue , with very few redeeming qualities , and all the vices -- i drink , gamble , smoke and am a fairy and a witch ! 
 he must adore me . ' 
 she smiled , he frowned , and clare reached to take their hands , to join them amicably together ; but ravella dodged this and joined the couple 's hands instead . 
 ` it was your argument to start with , ' she reminded them , ` so you must have the reconciliation . 
 besides , it 'll be practice for tomorrow . ' 
 but this happy conclusion was blighted when trevick seemed to catch a gleam in ravella 's eye , and he snatched his hand away , told her angrily he would manage well enough without her , took up his lover and kissed her firmly . 
 that pleased clare well enough , and dispelled all her doubts and pre-nuptial anxieties for the moment in one embrace . 
 meanwhile ravella smiled and slipped away . 
 this was the curious opening scene just prior to my arrival . 
 james trevick was an old acquaintance of mine , and had been kind enough -lrb- or felt obliged enough -rrb- to invite me to his wedding , so i came down late in the day to stop overnight for the next morning 's ceremony . 
 i drove through the rain , and it looked very grim still as i came to the coast , dark early with low heavy clouds ; i concluded we must have further showers by evening , though presently it held off . 
 trevick 's house stands at a little distance from the village , hurlevor , which sits in a small cove and feigns a living from fishing , for appearances ' sake , while ice creams , holiday lets and water sports supply the deficit . 
 as i came through the village past the quay i saw that the guesthouse fronting it had no vacancies , and out of season it must be because of my friend 's wedding party ; in fact i saw one of them moping about in the shingle under the trees , a mawkish looking fellow . 
 but that is by the bye ; i headed up and further along the headland towards the house . 
 hurlevor point is situated on a short ridge overlooking the water and the rocks standing out at intervals into the atlantic . 
 there is no steep cliff , and the chimneys rise fairly on the brink where the land crumbles into the ocean . 
 this is an exposed location , you may be sure , to the ravages of gale and salt ; but it was not always so , it seems . 
 i have been told there was once a garden and a meadow between the house and the shore , where now lie only rubble and straggling seaweed , nobody supposing at the time of building that so much ground should ever be lost . 
 this was a silly miscalculation , however , for it is well known that on clear days , when the tide is out , the foundations of an even earlier house can be discerned on the seabed , at a little distance offshore , which ought to have served as a guide to the ocean 's acquisitive influence . 
 i drove up as ravella stepped through the front door , casting a wary eye at the weather . 
 i was surprised to see her there , since i knew her connection with trevick , but i was glad nevertheless to find a familiar face , and especially one who might be amusing -- weddings can be numbingly dull without good company . 
 we met very cheerily , and she told me that she had come out to escape love 's young dream . 
 ` oh , are they very happy , then ? ' 
 i asked her . 
 she looked at me rather wryly and replied : ` do you know them ? 
 well , i suppose it 's happy after their own fashion . ' 
 ` i did wonder how their tempers would match together , ' i said , ` but since they 're to tie the knot tomorrow , we must suppose it 's love . ' 
 ` that kind of love is like sparks from a grindstone , ' she replied , ` all fire and noise . ' 
 ` they certainly will be a lively couple , ' i suggested . 
 she suggested in turn that lively was not the word , and laughed brightly . 
 ` of course i hope they 'll be happy , ' she continued , ` but i ca n't help feeling that people like james and clare should have no business falling in love with each other in the first place . 
 they 're both too apt to take to extremes : she will lament , he will despair , oh , it 's the end of the world every other half-hour , and sweet as syrup in between . 
 still , it all goes under the name of `` love '' and makes fine comedy for the rest of us . ' 
 ` but ravella , ' i said , as we ambled , arm-in-arm , around the house wall to look at the seashore , ` you were married yourself once , i think ? 
 were you any different before your wedding day ? ' 
 ` me ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` we bickered at the altar ! 
 when the vicar asked after any impediment , we were told to take turns . ' 
 ` yes , but you were just as much in love , all the same ? ' 
 ` we were , ' she said , and gazed sadly over the sea . 
 ` i 'm a little surprised to meet you here , actually . 
 you and james -- do not always see eye to eye . ' 
 she laughed . 
 ` you mean he hates the sight of me ! 
 we see eye to eye alright , but only so we may scratch each other 's out ! ' 
 i said it was a shame he could not be more friendly towards his fiancée 's friend , but she tutted . 
 ` it does n't matter , i do n't mind it . 
 i suppose he has his reasons for disliking me , and i would rather be resented than warrant no opinion at all . ' 
 ` but do n't you resent it yourself ? ' 
 ` what ? 
 james 's disfavour ? 
 why should i care about that ? 
 it 's all a joke as far as i 'm concerned . 
 bearing his mysterious grudge must do him more hurt than me . ' 
 i conjectured aloud that trevick might have something of a morose temper , or he would voice his dispute openly , and make towards sorting it out . 
 ` i suppose so , ' she answered , and seemed to muse a while on some amusing idea , before adding lightly : ` it 's no use hating anyone , unless you can do them some real harm . ' 
 the grey sea grinding moodily against the pebbles made for a dreary view , and now the first spots of rain began to dot the stonework on the front of the house , so i decided that i had delayed too long in announcing my arrival . 
 ` we 'd better go in before it comes on any heavier , ' i said , and she asked me the time , which , when i told it , quickened her pace . 
 ` i ca n't dawdle , ' she said , ` i must get back . ' 
 ` back ? 
 oh , so you are n't staying up here at the point tonight ? ' 
 ` goodness , no ! ' 
 she exclaimed in mock-horror . 
 ` do you think james trevick would suffer me under his roof ? 
 i 'm staying at the guesthouse in hurlevor , and so , for this unlucky night , is clare . ' 
 we scampered under the porch and went inside . 
 ` oh dear , ' i said , ` do you suppose he 'll suffer me under his roof then ? 
 between ourselves , i 'm anxious not to put james to any trouble . 
 he 's such an intimidating person sometimes . 
 but i 'm afraid hurlevor is full up tonight . ' 
 ` you 're under his roof now , and it has n't caused any trouble so far . ' 
 -- with which we sought out the happy couple , to assay my host . 
 first , however , we came upon clare , who immediately began her grievances with an ` oh ravella ! ' 
 and a forlorn look , which was very becoming to her . 
 ravella returned : ` well well , are you still at war ? ' 
 ` i 'm not , ' she replied . 
 ` i have made up my mind to forgive and forget the quarrel -- oh , hello there , ' -lrb- this to me , with a nod -rrb- ` -- i do n't want to be arguing today , of all days . 
 but now he wo n't let me kiss him or hang about him , and says i 've pestered him into a bad mood . 
 and for all my efforts i ca n't pester him out of it again ! ' 
 ravella glanced sideways at me . 
 ` but you were the best of friends when i left you , clare . ' 
 she sighed in answer , and said : ` yes , but he 's turned again . ' 
 ` i did n't think trevick 's moods were so inconstant , ' i ventured . 
 ` oh , as to that , ' said ravella , ` he is constant : constantly changeable . ' 
 ` but ravella , ' said clare , ` what shall i do about him ? ' 
 ravella spread her hands wide and shrugged . 
 ` it seems to me he has a lifetime of `` pestering '' to look forward to , and you a lifetime of irritability . ' 
 clare bit her lip . 
 ` do you think he has real misgivings about the wedding ? 
 i 've been as sweet and kind to him as i can be . ' 
 ` there you are then . 
 of course he 's uncertain what to think , if you 're kind . 
 he 's grown used to the reverse . ' 
 ` oh , do n't make a joke out of it ! ' 
 protested the bride-to-be . 
 ` i wish i knew that he loves me . ' 
 she fell to nervously tearing up an old theatre ticket into smaller and smaller pieces . 
 ravella snatched away her work and scattered the fragments . 
 ` you should have made sure of that before you decided to marry him , clare . 
 but i 'm sure love is n't at issue here . 
 james has a closed character , and yours is open , so you do n't understand him , that 's all . ' 
 ` do you understand him , ravella ? ' 
 she asked plaintively . 
 ` it 's not my business to understand anybody , ' was the reply . 
 ` but i suspect that what he hides is hidden by habit , not secrecy . 
 when he 's in his reveries , and wo n't have you kiss him once , kiss him twice . 
 and when he tells you to leave that out , tell him he must kiss you back if you 're to stop . 
 he 'll tell you to give up your nonsense , and you can say that you will , if he 'll give up his -- and by these means you 'll teach him that it 's easier to keep his mysteries to himself , and not indulge them when you 're around . ' 
 ` one of us will be driven mad ! ' 
 ` then make sure it 's him . ' 
 i noted ravella 's knack of talking off her friend 's qualms without supplying anything substantial in their place . 
 just then , though , trevick came in , i suppose unaware of ravella and myself , for he seemed about to form some reconciliatory words when he discovered us . 
 he greeted me with a kind of careless courtesy , but to ravella he was curt and said directly : ` put that ravella out -- . ' 
 as soon as he saw her . 
 this turned his fiancée upon him , however , and she berated him for being so discourteous . 
 ` i hoped you 'd calmed down , but i see you 're determined to be unpleasant , ' she concluded . 
 ` i always try to be pleasant to my friends , ' he said , offering me a chair and something to drink , which i was pleased to take . 
 ` and my friends mean nothing ! ' 
 cried she , intercepting my refreshment . 
 ` i would n't dream of being so rude to somebody you care about ! ' 
 ` ravella does n't feel anything , ' he muttered . 
 i concluded that they were not about to interrupt an argument for the sake of mere company . 
 people who are unaccustomed to feeling embarrassment themselves are not wont to consider that sensation in others . 
 clare now stood firm before him and required to know immediately what his objection was to her friend . 
 she would not stand by and hear ravella insulted . 
 he showed himself a little humbled then , and spoke quietly and earnestly , glancing darkly at his foe all the while . 
 ` in my opinion , ' he said , ` she 's not so kind to you as she appears to be , clare . ' 
 ` i care very little for opinions in general , ' said ravella blithely , ` and yours in particular , mr. trevick . ' 
 he smarted at that , but bit his tongue , out of consideration , i suppose , for his lover 's feelings . 
 she , however , was not satisfied , and pressed the matter further , prompting trevick to withdraw behind a stony reserve . 
 ravella stepped to clare 's side . 
 ` do n't mind us , ' she soothed . 
 ` we 've fallen out over who likes you best , and he 's jealous that since i 'm so often your companion , you might very well marry me . 
 i tell you i do n't mind it . 
 if i can laugh , you may as well . ' 
 ` but it is n't funny for me to be caught up between you both , ' said clare , in a hurt tone . 
 her fiancé cleared his brow and wrapped his great arms about her shoulders . 
 ` it 's all my nerves , and fears , ' he whispered in her ear . 
 ` i ca n't be easy until i marry you . ' 
 ` but you wo n't marry her , ' declared ravella , drawing clare from his embrace by the arm , to his scowling chagrin . 
 ` unless she sleeps alone tonight , ' she added . 
 ` and since it 's coming on for dark now , we must get away . ' 
 trevick began to grow angry again at this , but clare , calmed by his assurances , assured him in turn . 
 ` now , james , you know it 's all arranged that i stay in hurlevor . 
 it 's tradition , and i wo n't break it . ' 
 he turned a gloomy eye to me , and replied : ` well , but let me drive you down , at least . 
 the rain 's started . ' 
 ` no no , we 'll dash it in no time , ' said ravella , ` and remember , if you drive her , you must drive me . ' 
 -- and that silenced his objections . 
 one drawn-out kiss was the lovers ' parting , and a word that when they kissed again , it would be as man and wife , before ravella hurried the expectant bride away . 
 we watched them from the front window slip through the dusk towards the cover of the trees along the cliff path , battling an umbrella against the rising wind and the first shower . 
 left with trevick , i soon discovered that he had no inclination for festivities , and though i was granted his hospitality for the night , our revels did not extend beyond recollections by the fire , deep into the evening , while a storm summoned up outside and beat over the house . 
 the wind moaned , the rain rattled and the sea roared and seethed . 
 i found out from my companion that the wedding had been arranged very lately ; indeed , it had all been a somewhat hasty business . 
 i remarked on the absence of his family and hers , and asked when they would be arriving . 
 he told me that he was the last of the trevick line , and had no close family ; some of their friends , and clare 's relations , would drive down tomorrow . 
 it was to be a simple , quiet affair , without bother or a seething multitude . 
 we talked long and late , as i say , and trevick proved himself very eloquent in conversation at last ; but there was something melancholy about him throughout , and whenever he smiled or laughed , some secret recollection checked him . 
 on the eve of such an important day , however , he might reasonably be haunted by doubts . 
 in the firelight -lrb- it was an old house , with a traditional open grate -rrb- i studied his stern profile and handsome jaw , and did not wonder at clare 's attraction , or her willingness to endure his temper to keep him . 
 falling into silence , we sat with scotches at our fingertips , listening to the gale sounding hollow in the chimney , and the ticking clock striving against the perpetual breaking of the waves just without . 
 ` it 's a wild night , ' i observed . 
 ` wild , ' he breathed , his thoughts clearly roaming on some distant subject . 
 he looked up dreamily , murmuring : ` wild and happy -- ' and sighed in contentment . 
 but before i could ask his meaning , he brought himself to his senses sharply , as though stung , stood up , and said goodnight . 
 i pondered a while , watching the embers and listening to the weather . 
 there was much to hear -- the wind battering about the gables and the torrents scattering over the slates were noisy , but the sea , bursting over the rocks and shale in great bellows , was noisiest , being just below -- the living rooms had moved up to the first floor of recent years , since those on the ground had become so cold and damp from the proximity of the water . 
 in my lazy mood , fit for the hour , i soon dropped into a nap , during which the waves seemed to flood my mind , and i dreamed of tall , jagged crests of foam rearing up and smashing onto granite crags near-against the back door . 
 i thought i saw and heard the sucking back-draft sinking under sandy shelves , dragging in chairs and furniture from the house , drawing them into the sea with the fish and shells ; and it seemed as though every wave clawed out another roomful and all its inhabitants , leaving only a briny shell-house stood on the shore . 
 as my head began to nod with this fretful doze i started awake to a new sound , which was a persistent clattering . 
 since it came from outside , i concluded at first that it must be a gate knocking in the wind somewhere ; but as it repeated in determined bursts , i thought it sounded very near at hand , on this side of the house , that is , against the sea . 
 idly i listened , hoping to drop back into a comfortable snooze , but every time it rang out , rat-tat-tat , tat-tat , it set me on edge , and wore at my nerves , until i was quite annoyed with such a sharp racket amidst the tempest 's roar . 
 then i was set more than ever alert , for there was a shrieking gust , the knocking hammered , and then , during a sudden lull in the storm , i caught a voice , just a gasp , calling . 
 i jumped up in surprise , sure i must be mistaken , as nobody could be out in such weather , and certainly not -lrb- as the voice seemed to indicate -rrb- off the road , on the beach . 
 i strained to hear more , but the storm held full sway , challenged only by this infernal clattering . 
 then it occurred to me that perhaps the knocking was indeed knocking , as of some poor person wanting to come in . 
 i stepped over to the window to peer out , but in the dark could hardly discern the terrace that fronted the shingle-beach . 
 nevertheless , my drowsy imagination was hot at work , and explained that this might well be some fisherman who had been cast overboard and swum ashore , now knocking for help . 
 i hesitated . 
 trevick had not stirred , and was doubtless asleep . 
 there was nobody else at home . 
 i resolved to go and answer the door . 
 so i fumbled down the stairs , not knowing where to find any of the switches , and blundered into the hallway in the dark . 
 the sea and storm were tremendously loud down here , though they were deafening above , and freezing damp draughts whistled through the passage . 
 now more timid of my surmise , i cried out if anybody was there outside ? 
 but in the screaming din it was to no avail . 
 then i started , as the rapping repeated as before , and the rear door juddered in its frame beneath a shower of blows , the cause of the noise . 
 i hurried forward at that summons and pulled back the bolts : immediately the door slammed wide open and the hurricane rushed in with a quantity of spray . 
 a great bulk fell against me , smothering me in soaking brine , while a deft dripping hand threw the door closed again and shut the bolt . 
 in the black i could see nothing , but clearly this was some huge man , streaming wet as though he had really walked out of the sea , and he leaned , i suppose for weariness , against the wall , holding me under him , while his breath came in icy pants that set me shuddering . 
 before i could recover and speak , his clammy hands abruptly gripped me , his cold jaw rasped against my cheek , and his ice-lips murmured next to my ear . 
 i shuddered and winced under those hard hands , and did not hear him at first ; but he took a tighter hold and demanded in a deep and moving voice : ` is she here ? ' 
 i was astonished , and asked : ` who do you mean ? ' 
 his eyes glinted in the dark , and he said again , more fiercely : ` is she here ? ' 
 i trembled , for there was something dreadful about him , notwithstanding the uncanny situation . 
 he smelt strongly of the ocean , and from our closeness i could feel that he was drenched through and through , and no part of him had any heat . 
 as my eyes grew a little inclined to the obscurity i made out his forehead , with dank locks dredged over the brow , and two dark shadows beneath , where his eyes lurked . 
 i did not like him at all , and sorely wished i had not let him in . 
 ` let me up , let go of my arms , ' i protested , but there was no response , and he only peered at me , or past , or through me , i can not say . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 i pressed . 
 ` what are you doing , roving about on such a night , knocking on doors at all hours ? 
 who are you , what do you want ? ' 
 ` is she here ? ' 
 he urged , as though he had not understood me . 
 ` who ? 
 who do you want ? 
 why have you come out in all this weather ? 
 who are you ? 
 you 're as cold as ice , are you sick ? ' 
 i was panicky in my confusion , for he neither shivered nor moved nor released his hold , and i became alarmed , shivering myself , half for his being so chilly , and half for dread of him . 
 i said to him again : ` let me go , there 's nobody here for you -- no woman , i mean . 
 do you want mr. trevick ? 
 why did n't you come in the morning ? 
 what do you want ? 
 what 's the matter with you ? ' 
 then he let out a long , dreadful sigh that shook his whole frame , and released his hands , though he still leaned over me . 
 he bowed his head and murmured : ` i 've travelled such a way . ' 
 ` well you must travel back again , there 's nobody here for you , ' i rounded , and then , as he turned off a hair 's breadth , i slipped out under his arm and darted along the hall in a fright , calling for trevick at the top of my voice , and not daring to glance behind me lest the unknown man should be on my heels . 
 i shot up the stairs to the first floor and began on the flight to the second , when a light appeared above me in the well , and my host 's shadow showed on the wall . 
 ` get up , get up ! ' 
 i cried out to him . 
 ` there 's a strange man in the hall , i let him in out of the rain , but he 's not right , there 's something wrong about him , he 's mad -- ' ` whoa , whoa , ' said trevick , descending in his shirt , and looking as though he had been sleeping badly . 
 ` slow down , what do you mean ? 
 what man ? 
 why did you let him in ? ' 
 ` he 's in the back hallway , ' i urged . 
 ` come and show him out -- perhaps you know him , and can send him home ? ' 
 he shook his head as though to clear it and came down slowly , while i was all nerves and jumped about . 
 really , my encounter had put me severely out of sorts . 
 ` why did n't you put the light on ? ' 
 he asked , as he stamped past me into the hall below . 
 once there he threw a switch and called out to our visitor . 
 i did not follow him , but lingered at the top of the landing , anxiously . 
 trevick 's voice floated up . 
 ` well , where is he ? ' 
 ` has he gone ? ' 
 i said , and tiptoed down also . 
 indeed the hall was empty , save for ourselves . 
 ` he must have gone out again , ' i suggested , and he tried the door . 
 ` both the locks are shot , ' he said . 
 ` nobody 's been out this way . ' 
 ` no , no , i unbolted them to let him in , and he closed one over to fasten the door . ' 
 ` see for yourself , ' said trevick . 
 i peered in disconsternation at the locks . 
 ` then he must be in the house -- he must have come in ! ' 
 i glanced about me . 
 trevick sighed impatiently and walked through the rooms on the ground floor . 
 they were kept empty , as i say , because of the damp , and they were empty now . 
 i glanced around again . 
 ` he 's upstairs , ' i whispered . 
 ` i only heard you come up , ' he replied , frowning with annoyance . 
 ` are you sure you did n't dream all this ? ' 
 ` dream ! 
 i wish i had dreamt it ! 
 take a look , he must have crept after me , he must be hiding . ' 
 ` there was no man . 
 you dreamt him , ' said he finally , and walked upstairs , making a cursory survey of the rooms . 
 ` but there was , though ! 
 did n't you hear him banging to come in ? 
 it woke me up ! ' 
 ` i heard the wind and the sea and your noise , that 's all . ' 
 ` but he was here ! ' 
 i cried in an alarm . 
 ` he was -- he spoke to me , he held my arms , i tell you ! ' 
 ` yes , yes , well that 's as may be , ' he told me , ` but you 'll find it was a nightmare , i think . ' 
 he put his hand to his head . 
 ` i 've had a nightmare myself tonight . 
 it 's kept me awake just thinking of it , and now you 're running about too . 
 but i want to be up early , so calm yourself and get to bed . ' 
 ` but that man -- ' i gasped feebly . 
 ` if you see him again , tell him to buy a watch . 
 it 's quarter past three , and no time for visitors . 
 i 'm to be married in the morning , i want my sleep . ' 
 and with that he came to the end of his tether , and returned to bed . 
 i nimbly followed him , went into my room and , seeing it was uninhabited , locked the door at once . 
 i did not think i would sleep , but crept under the bedclothes quaking for thinking of that sinister stranger . 
 however , the wind keeping me restless , i put my earplugs in , and almost as soon as it was quiet dropped into a thankfully dreamless slumber . 
 when i awoke in the morning the sun was shining in brightly , and it was clear and blue out of the window . 
 but suddenly starting and grappling for my watch , i saw to my amazement that it was ten o ' clock -- the very hour fixed for the wedding . 
 this set me into a panic , as you may imagine , and i hurried in great confusion , hoping to catch at least a part of the ceremony . 
 due to my earplugs , i would not have heard my host , even if he had tried to rouse me with knocking . 
 i bolted out of the front door and across the drive towards the cliff-path to hurlevor , cursing myself all the while for a fool and a lazy , uncivil creature , and framing many excuses and apologies in my head as i ran along under the trees . 
 i was under the impression that walking was the swiftest way to the church , but on gaining the village realised that i had mistaken the route ; so i halted my race outside the guesthouse by the quay , and asked directions of a man there , who was busy putting a bag into his car . 
 he was a very handsome fellow , and seemed to be in a state of excitement . 
 i conjectured that he was also a wedding guest , though it did not bode well that he appeared to be leaving . 
 in answer to my question ` which way is the church ? ' 
 he looked up in surprise and smiled , saying : ` what do you want there ? ' 
 ` oh no , ' i said , ` it ca n't be over yet ? ' 
 -- whereupon he laughed and clapped his hands together . 
 ` it is , though ! 
 all over , thank god ! 
 nicely settled ! ' 
 ` oh , but where is everybody ? 
 i mean the happy couple -- i must make my apologies and wish them well . 
 i 'll never forgive myself for missing the whole thing ! ' 
 `` ` the happy couple '' have already gone , ' he replied . 
 ` they drove off straight afterwards -- and very happy i hope they 'll be ! ' 
 he sounded , however , as though he did not care whether they drove to the devil . 
 i sat down on a bollard in despair . 
 ` but it was so quick -- too quick , surely ? ' 
 i complained . 
 ` i 'd hoped to see them , at least . ' 
 ` take it from me , ' said this man , ` it was the best wedding i ever saw . 
 that bloody trevick is finally out of my way , which makes it a happy day , alright ! ' 
 i was a little puzzled . 
 ` are you a relative of his ? ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 he answered haughtily . 
 ` i 've got absolutely nothing to do with him -- absolutely nothing , at last ! ' 
 he laughed again . 
 ` are you from the bride 's family , then ? ' 
 i enquired . 
 there was something about his manner that made me curious , for he was apparently overjoyed , and yet scornful about the whole marriage . 
 ` the bride ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` she 's a cunning thing -- but she 's done me a good turn , that 's for sure ! ' 
 ` a good turn by marrying trevick ? ' 
 i asked . 
 perhaps he was one of clare 's indulgent relatives -- though he seemed about her own age , so hardly a guardian . 
 ` you 're glad to have your cousin off your hands , i suppose , ' i ventured jocularly . 
 ` my cousin ? ' 
 he questioned . 
 ` who 's that ? ' 
 ` clare belmont ? ' 
 i hazarded , at which he laughed delightedly . 
 ` clare belmont ! 
 clare belmont 's going to be my wife ! ' 
 he slammed the boot closed , and i stood up to intercept his leaving before i had an explanation . 
 ` but what do you mean ? ' 
 i pressed him . 
 ` clare was just married this morning . ' 
 ` no she was n't , ' he smiled . 
 ` why do you think i 'm so happy ? ' 
 ` i really do n't know ! ' 
 he patted me on the back , chuckling . 
 ` well , let me put you out of your misery . 
 it was a surprise to me , too . 
 i came down for this wedding in such a state , you know , i was all over the road with nerves -- of course i was hoping to talk her out of it -- ' ` clare ? ' 
 i interrupted . 
 ` yes , clare -- but she would n't see me beforehand , so i went along to the service . 
 i thought , if i watch her choose him instead of me once and for all , then maybe i 'll get over her . 
 god ! 
 you do n't know how long i 've been in love with that woman ! 
 i reckoned a painful shock like that would help me . ' 
 ` well , what then ? ' 
 ` i got there extra early so i could sit down in a pew at the back , out of the way -- i did n't want her to see me , after all . 
 i 'd have been glad to ruin his day , but i would n't hurt hers for the world . 
 anyway , he came in , in his suit , and said hello to the vicar and so on -- and shortly afterwards , way ahead of time , in comes the bride . ' 
 he smiled brightly . 
 ` she had this white slip on , and a bit of veil over her face , and her hair tied up under it -- if i 'd seen my clare 's red hair hanging down i 'd have gone mad . 
 well , there was nobody to give her away , or anything like that -- she just nipped up the hem of her skirt and strode down the aisle like she was running an errand -- i was sure she was just going to tell him it was all off . 
 he had this look of dumb amazement on his face as she walked up to him , tossed back the veil and looked him full in the face , all smiles -- and it was ravella . ' 
 ` ravella ! ' 
 i repeated , astonished . 
 ` oh yes , ' he laughed . 
 ` that damned , wonderful ravella ! 
 and she looked at him a moment and said : `` well , are we getting married ? 
 this man 's waiting -- '' and my god , he married her ! 
 you can imagine how happy i was ! 
 they got hitched there and then -- i signed the book myself to witness it -- and then they ran out of the church , with her black hair fluttering after her as she pulled out the pins . 
 outside she turned by the car and threw up her bouquet -- well , it was only a clump of pansies after all , with the earth still on them -- and the vicar caught it , and they sped off in the bridal car . ' 
 i had to sit back down on the bollard after these revelations . 
 ` he married ravella ? 
 james trevick ? 
 but why ? 
 why ? 
 he did n't even like her , he could n't stand the sight of her , apparently ! ' 
 ` quite frankly , ' said this fellow then , ` i could n't care less about any of that . 
 all that matters is , clare has n't married him ! ' 
 -- and he went to get in his car . 
 ` but where is she now ? ' 
 i called after him . 
 ` how has she taken it ? ' 
 ` i 'll find her , ' he said , and drove away in haste . 
 i remained , bewildered , on my bollard . 
 it was a strange business indeed , and fit for a story , without doubt ; but what did it all mean ? 
 i could make neither head nor tail of it . 
 james trevick had married ravella -- ravella had married james trevick -- and for no good reason , it seemed ! 
 and clare belmont , where was she ? 
 had she been slighted , or had she planned the whole ? 
 i was at a loss to decide on an explanation , but after all , i could not escape the idea that ravella lay at the heart of the matter , and had turned the clockwork of the entire thing . 
 so i sat there awhile in the sunshine , looking down at the lobster pots and heaps of seaweed , and ruminated on the curious affair , and ravella in particular . 
 i can not tell her whole history , since all i know is what she herself has told me -- but i can attest to her general character , having been acquainted with the lady some while , though not without lapses . 
 she has a bright and cheerful temper , is a little humorous , and somewhat clever ; she has a wicked smile and shining eyes , and you may well suppose that these charms , allied to a not unpleasing person , have often caused her to be admired -- but she was never wont to yield where she might conquer , and has always managed to live prosperously upon her wits , by playing on the wits of others . 
 well , it happened that i found out the truth behind it all in the end , and that my suspicions were not altogether awry -- though often we find that fortune casts a strange lot , and trumps what we expect to appear in favour of some stranger case ; and really there 's no denying that the solutions to many mysteries are mysteries in themselves . 
 ii it seems that a whole year before this curious wedding , to the day even , our hero james trevick was first introduced to this ravella . 
 clare belmont had pressed her friend very enthusiastically to come and meet her newfound love , who , she declared , she was ` desperately fond ' of ; and she was sure , besides , that ravella would quickly form a similar opinion of him . 
 ` well , if he is such an angel as you describe , ' said ravella , ` how can i help adoring him ? 
 but even so , i do n't expect to fall to my knees in awe all at once . ' 
 ` you will , ' she beamed back . 
 ` i promise you . ' 
 ` yes ? 
 so where did you find this prodigy ? 
 and whatever happened to that other work of art you were in love with ? ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 cried clare . 
 ` oh , guy ? 
 i was never in love with guy . 
 i was only fond of guy . ' 
 ` but i thought you were only fond of this new man ? ' 
 ` oh no , it 's quite different . 
 i 'm desperately fond of him . ' 
 i found out later that guy -- mr. guy laurence no less -- was the handsome gentleman i met outside the guesthouse in hurlevor -- but i suppose we shall return to him . 
 clare planned an excursion to see the new millennium wheel on the thames , at which illustrious venue she gleefully introduced her friend to trevick , and interjected praises of him amongst the comments on the prodigious height of the wheel , how imperceptibly it turned , how the glass carriages remained upright , and how long it would remain open . 
 trevick was reserved , clearly shy of strangers , and a little embarrassed by his lady 's attentive petting . 
 however , ravella contrived to be so bright and congenial that he began to thaw , smile more often and join in the chatter . 
 nevertheless , in one glance she discerned his entire character , and supposed him proud and moody , doubtless one who considers things very seriously , not least himself . 
 indeed , as she smiled beautifully at the charming couple , she inwardly marvelled that they should be together at all . 
 while she could see that her friend would dote on his masculine profundities , certain awkward glances of his revealed that clare 's continual attention could become irksome . 
 ` he will tire of her energy , ' ravella concluded . 
 she prided herself on her first impressions . 
 and then matters took a more interesting turn still . 
 as they found their places by the windows of their capsule , ravella noticed how trevick subtly contrived to stand between his two companions , so that he might not be entirely monopolised by clare ; in fact he seemed glad to turn his attention elsewhere . 
 ` that is n't love , ' thought ravella , ` and hardly even fondness , by clare 's standard . ' 
 so they began to ascend above the river , majestically rearing into the air , and in the enthusiasm of pointing out the sights of london , entirely forgot to feel the vertigo they had anticipated on the ground . 
 clare was all breathless wonder , trevick keen interest , and ravella noted st. paul 's and the new tate and turned back to the human panorama within the capsule . 
 her friend was wont to view the world entirely according to her own wishes , and was therefore oblivious to anything contrary . 
 she took for granted that her james was as attached to her , as she was to him , and so did not really notice any evidence to contradict this . 
 her winning naïveté trusted that everybody else was as straightforward as she ; but ravella could see things differently . 
 she looked on trevick in quite another light , because it seemed that , not only did he appear to wish a greater distance between himself and clare , but that he also wished a smaller distance between himself and ravella . 
 the indications were slight , but she could not be mistaken . 
 it was ravella he asked if she could hear the guide quite well enough ; it was ravella to whom he pointed out greenwich ; and as the wheel turned to bring them to the summit , it was over ravella 's shoulder he leaned , and hinted that on a clear day you could see windsor castle . 
 ravella raised her eyebrows by way of reply , but was not listening to his observations . 
 they began their descent and saw what was to be seen , until , finally satisfied with skylines and cityscapes , they alighted on the bankside and nipped along to the rooms at the old county hall for tea . 
 over this refreshment the conversation turned to more general topics . 
 clare explained again how she had been introduced to james at a party , and how they had gotten along so well , and how they had done this and that and this and more and more and then some , until trevick was moved to check her , with : ` ravella does n't want to hear all this , clare . ' 
 ` but i ca n't hear enough ! ' 
 ravella smiled . 
 ` and now tell me , whereabouts do you live , james ? ' 
 ` you 're renting a flat in clapham , are n't you , james ? ' 
 put in clare . 
 ` but i 'm mostly in devon , ' he added , tersely . 
 ` and what do you do ? ' 
 asked ravella . 
 ` he 's an artist , ' returned clare gravely . 
 ` a poet , ' corrected trevick . 
 ` a poet ! 
 well , but what do you do for money , though ? ' 
 pursued ravella . 
 he sipped his tea quietly . 
 clare gave her a significant glance , which was supposed to imply independent wealth . 
 ` on the dole , ' concluded ravella to herself . 
 really , she had formed a very critical opinion of this man 's suitability as a partner for her friend . 
 the latter 's addiction to spending money , and his apparently slender means notwithstanding , there was a discrepancy in their characters . 
 although they looked very handsomely together , they did not fit . 
 and then besides , there was this other factor . 
 she decided to test it out by means of a faithful old contrivance . 
 she took up a teaspoon and began to stir the pot , but halfway through this action , left off , seemingly engrossed in clare 's conversation at that moment . 
 the spoon remained in the teapot . 
 ravella allowed several minutes to pass , and then turned to take it out again . 
 suddenly her hand was prevented by trevick 's , with the warning caution that the spoon would be too hot to touch . 
 ravella feigned surprise , but inwardly marked her triumph . 
 she was right to notice his interest in her . 
 after all , he had kept his eye on her throughout her little charade , so that he could jump in and save her from injury . 
 he was clearly more involved in that than his beloved 's conversation . 
 there was no doubt about it . 
 he preferred ravella . 
 ` that settles it , ' she decided to herself . 
 ` i 'll have to ruin their little romance as soon as possible . 
 i shall split them up , and clare will thank me for it at length . 
 that 's what friends are for . ' 
 when the two women met again , it was one bright and cold afternoon . 
 they strolled through green park together , beneath the forlorn trees and a crisp blue sky , wrapped up close in their coats and an interesting conversation . 
 as this was the first time they had spoken since the former introduction , clare 's first demand , in a gasp of cloudy breath , was : ` what did you think of him ? ' 
 but ravella , who did not care to be too honest on that topic , only returned innocently , ` who ? ' 
 ` oh , you know who ! 
 how can you be thinking of anyone but him ? 
 well ? ' 
 she pursued anxiously , ` what did you think ? ' 
 ravella considered . 
 ` i thought he was extremely tall . ' 
 ` tall ! 
 he is n't all that tall , ' objected clare . 
 ` is n't he ? ' 
 said ravella , wide-eyed . 
 ` well then , on reflection , i thought him rather short . ' 
 ` but he is n't short , either , ' protested her friend . 
 ravella held up her hands , smiling . 
 ` then what is he ? ' 
 clare pondered on it a moment , before happily deciding that he was just right . 
 her companion pursed her lips . 
 ` i stand corrected . ' 
 ` yes yes , but ravella , what did you think of him , though ? 
 i mean , really ? ' 
 ` really , ' she returned , ` i thought him very tall . ' 
 ` but he is n't tall ! 
 you 're dodging me , ravella ! ' 
 ` what ! 
 i never dodge , ' countered she , a little ruffled . 
 ` if you must know , i did n't think anything at all . 
 i never form first impressions . ' 
 she brushed her pink nose with a handkerchief . 
 ` you liar ! 
 you must have thought something , and a good deal too , i 'll bet . ' 
 ravella laughed and confessed that she did , but would not stoop to reveal her thoughts . 
 ` because if my opinion was bad , ' she said , ` we must fall to blows , and if my opinion was good , we 'd fall to worse . ' 
 ` worse ? ' 
 asked clare . 
 ` oh , yes -- romance . 
 in no time we 'd be in competition to laud him to the skies , and nobody deserves too much praise . ' 
 ` he deserves some , though , does n't he ? 
 he is worth it , is n't he ? ' 
 clare pressed her arm . 
 ` i refuse to compliment him for the sake of it . 
 and besides , your feelings about him are much more important than mine . 
 if you 're so desperately fond of him , why do you need me to be too ? ' 
 here clare chewed her lip and frowned . 
 ` you know i value your opinion , ravella . 
 i could n't do without it . ' 
 she sighed wistfully , and her friend led her to a nearby bench , where they rested awhile , watching the pigeons , ruffed up against the sharp air . 
 ravella suggested that there might be something the matter , but clare mumbled a denial in a rather unconvincing way . 
 ` doubts ! ' 
 thought ravella . 
 ` she has doubts . 
 she 's not so in love with him as she thought , and wants to know how to proceed . 
 this is all for the best . 
 i shall build on her apprehensions and tease out all her misgivings about him , until she 's convinced that he 's wrong for her in every way . 
 i 'm a friend who knows how to do her duty . ' 
 ` oh dear , ' she said aloud , ` i 'm afraid there 's much more to it than you 're letting on . 
 perhaps i should tell you what 's the matter ? 
 would that help ? ' 
 clare smiled , and she continued . 
 ` i 've considered the facts of the case very carefully , and the height of the gentleman in particular , and my diagnosis is this . 
 one : you are desperately fond of him -lrb- well , this we know already -rrb- . 
 two : you ca n't tell whether he is desperately fond of you . 
 after all , it 's always nice to know . 
 three : perhaps you begin to wonder whether he 's all you expected him to be ? 
 you 've known him such a short time , and it 's so easy to be swept along at first . 
 but now you begin to see him rather differently -- indeed , you may even question , once in a while , whether your fondness was desperately well placed ? ' 
 ravella took her hand and smiled complacently . 
 ` now , clare , have i hit it ? ' 
 clare gazed at her in wonder , without speaking for a moment , before laughing heartily . 
 ` no , that is n't it at all ! ' 
 ravella frowned . 
 ` oh ? 
 well , perhaps i 've put it too bluntly -- ' ` no , ravella , you 've got it all wrong ! 
 i 'm still as attached to him as i ever was . ' 
 ` but , ' suggested ravella , ` you are n't certain of his feelings for you ? ' 
 she laughed again , and took both her friend 's hands together in her own . 
 ` ravella , he wants to get engaged ! ' 
 ` engaged ! ' 
 cried her companion , appalled , and thought to herself : ` this trevick is a darker horse than i anticipated . ' 
 clare set off into a lengthy series of explanations about her hopes and his , while ravella 's brain was working furiously . 
 engagement or not , she could not be persuaded that they were a good match , or half as suited as clare believed . 
 ` what happy news ! ' 
 she replied at last . 
 ` i 'm so glad for you both . 
 but really now , be honest . 
 are you getting engaged just to declare yourselves a couple to the world , with only a vague idea of a wedding , or are you actually going to get married ? ' 
 ` we 're not engaged yet , ravella , ' she rejoined . 
 ` he has n't given me a ring or anything , but he wants to -- we 've talked about it . 
 do you think i should let him go ahead with it ? ' 
 ` do you ? ' 
 clare sighed . 
 ` i love him -- but as you said , it has been a short time . 
 is it too quick ? ' 
 ` there 's still room to manoeuvre , ' thought ravella . 
 ` well , if you love him , ' she said carefully , ` why not go right ahead with it ? ' 
 ` i do n't know ! ' 
 was clare 's answer , as she stood up and began pacing about . 
 ` i 'm too excited to think . 
 what should i do ? ' 
 ` would he make you happy ? ' 
 ` yes ! 
 of course . ' 
 ` and are you certain he loves you ? ' 
 ` oh , i 'm sure he does -- and i love him ! ' 
 ` but what makes you sure ? ' 
 clare laughed . 
 ` i just am ! 
 he 's always so sweet to me , and he 's a gentleman -- not just out for what he can get . 
 and when we row we always make up by the next time we meet . 
 and he bought me this pendant , ' -- which trinket she showed eagerly . 
 ravella smiled at it , and thought : ` i 've heard nothing that would make me sure . ' 
 ` look , ' said the enthusiastic lover then , sitting down again and pulling a paper out of her glove . 
 ` i wanted to show you this as well . 
 it 's his , a poem he wrote -- he 's given it to me ! ' 
 ` a poem ! ' 
 said ravella . 
 ` how lovely . ' 
 ` shall i read it ? 
 he gave it to me to keep , i love it . ' 
 ` please do , ' she replied , inwardly sinking . 
 clare continued as follows : the waves crushed the shore in their embrace north winds blew ' gainst the stark cliff-face the wanton sea was a rabid dog a seething morass amid clinging fog ; but that a thousand waves could hide the gruesome thing that did arise -- from the bosom of the sea it came a-stalking onto the shore , its tatters flapping : a man -- his face all bloated and white , eyes staring and sightless , fists cold and tight ; his dark , dripping locks show up his pallor like a cold stone , or death , and showing no colour ; his lungs , filled with water , give spray as he breathes as he makes for the church , for the one he seeks . 
 she concluded , breathlessly , and declared : ` is n't it wonderful ? 
 you know , he was actually ashamed of it , and laughed at it , but i made him give it to me . ' 
 ravella smiled winningly . 
 ` ashamed ? 
 no ! 
 but clare , did he write this for you ? 
 it 's hardly comparing you to a summer 's day , is it ? ' 
 ` oh no , it is n't a love poem ! 
 he wrote it when he was a teenager , after a strange dream . 
 do n't you love it ? 
 is n't he clever ? 
 `` by james trevick '' -- i 'm sure it will be famous one day . ' 
 ` do you think so ? ' 
 said ravella doubtfully . 
 ` but you know , everybody fancies themselves a poet when they 're a teenager . 
 i remember churning out a good deal of drivel myself . ' 
 clare looked crestfallen . 
 ` do n't you like it , ravella ? ' 
 ` well , it 's all a little grim , do n't you think ? 
 i would have thought he 'd write you something warmer -- ' ` sentimental and empty , you mean ! ' 
 she scoffed . 
 ` i much prefer it to anything like that ! ' 
 ` but what does it mean , clare ? ' 
 ` it 's a mystery , ' she enthused . 
 ` it 's just like him -- dark , and stormy . 
 who is the drowned stranger ? 
 why has he come out of his sea-grave ? 
 who does he seek ? ' 
 ` i ca n't guess . ' 
 her friend laughed . 
 ` his lost love ? 
 his old enemy ? 
 james has such a romantic soul ! ' 
 now ravella laughed too and shook her head . 
 ` only you could be delighted with a poem like that , clare , and call it romantic ! 
 you 're far too caught up in him to notice any of his faults . ' 
 ` faults ? ' 
 ` yes , clare , faults ! 
 after all , he is human . 
 look at this poem , for example . 
 the rhymes are trite , the words commonplace , and altogether it 's so morbid -- i ca n't say i like it . 
 drowned sailors wandering back onto shore -- it gives me a chill . 
 i hardly know how you 're so pleased with it . ' 
 clare pouted a little . 
 ` it was only a token . 
 i suppose i should n't have shown it to you at all . ' 
 she folded up the paper and put it safely away . 
 ` but you would tell me if you had some real apprehension about james , would n't you ? ' 
 ` i am apprehensive , clare , that you 're feeling without thinking . ' 
 ` so you do have misgivings about him ? ' 
 ` not really , ' lied her friend , ` but it 's an important step you 're considering here . 
 i mean , for example , he lives down the line , does n't he ? 
 if you left london to marry this fellow , what would you do for money ? 
 you ca n't live on love alone , can you ? ' 
 ` i have n't taken any step yet , ' she replied . 
 ` in any case , you can put your snobbery about money away , ravella . 
 james is very wealthy in his own right . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ravella turned , surprised . 
 ` but he said he was a poet -- he ca n't be earning much from that . ' 
 ` no , ' she said , ` you 're right , he does n't publish his poems . 
 in fact i do n't know exactly how he does make his millions . ' 
 ` millions ! ' 
 cried ravella . 
 ` oh yes , ' clare confirmed serenely . 
 ` he 's a great landowner in the westcountry , ' -- and she went on to mention his house in hurlevor , his boats , and his interests in the stock market . 
 however , she spoke of these things as entirely incidental , and rather unimportant . 
 clare belmont was much too interested in matters of emotion to hold wealth in high regard . 
 having always had it , she took it for granted . 
 but ravella was quite different . 
 she was indeed a snob about money -- and the attainment of it by cunning was her favourite game . 
 so this revelation of james trevick 's wealth suddenly put an entirely different complexion on him . 
 now he was eminently desirable -- in fact , so very eminently desirable that she resolved then and there to cease her inefficient meddling in his romance with clare , and break them up , at once and for all , so that she might have his wonderful fortune for herself . 
 the two friends continued their stroll , to the very different satisfaction of each . 
 that evening , ravella returned to her rooftop apartment in a kind of dream as she pondered on investments , real estate and wills . 
 her mind strayed to devonshire , where she envisioned a great mansion with green lawns , and remembering certain expressive glances on the millennium wheel she revelled in her prospects . 
 it was a blustery night , and she was often distracted from these important thoughts by the lowing wind , and other sounds that pricked her ears now and again -- a car receding out of hearing , a muttering argument downstairs diminishing into nothing , a pelican crossing bleating aimlessly . 
 but it seemed there was another sound too , among the breezes , slipping beneath the blowing weather -- and the keener she listened , the more she was convinced she heard a voice , a familiar , whispered voice . 
 taken with curiosity , she crossed the room to the window , where the flitting moonlight was streaming in . 
 turning the latch , she leaned out . 
 the brilliant moon fell full upon her face , and the gale broke like a mighty wave , beating and streaming around her , setting the curtains dancing . 
 she felt very small then , a tiny thing against the crashing storm-gusts , and in the bellow of the blast she could hear still more distant sounds , for doubtless that breeze had swept up from the ocean and soared a vast distance -- so it brought with it the calls of waders picking for shrimps at the mouths of mighty rivers , the creaks of ships shifting at their moorings , the toll of buoys rocking their solitary bells , the breathing of immense whales on the surface of the choppy brine , and towers of ice splitting off the polar caps to crumble into the sea . 
 wave upon wave of gale poured over her there , and still , in the lulls and pauses , she could hear the voice , a familiar voice from long ago , whispering something at the bottom of the sea , whispering something indistinct and dreadful -- and in a sudden panic she shut the window and hurried off to bed . 
 nevertheless , the following morning she rose full of vigour and enthusiasm , ready to bring about her stratagem to ruin clare belmont 's love affair at the first opportunity . 
 being entirely her own mistress that day -lrb- her current amour presently and conveniently on business in st. petersburg -rrb- she elected to call on guy laurence , who she knew to be in love with clare . 
 ` another man , ' she speculated on the way , ` is just the lever i need to prize the lovers apart . ' 
 on arrival at his apartment she entered directly , switched off a particularly maudlin ballad that was playing , and called for her inadvertent host . 
 receiving no answer , however , she was obliged to throw off several cushions from the sofa in order to discover its occupant beneath , curled up around an empty vodka bottle . 
 ` what 's the matter with you , guy ? ' 
 she demanded , pulling out the bottle and tugging his ear . 
 ` me ? ' 
 he replied feebly , ` what 's the matter with you ? 
 i never asked for a wake-up call . ' 
 ` it 's time you woke up to yourself , ' tutted ravella , and threw open the curtains . 
 this fellow laurence was generally considered a very handsome man , indeed winningly attractive -- blonde , blue-eyed and statuesque . 
 but though the camera usually adored him , at the present moment even the most doting lens might turn aside . 
 he was in a poor state of repair due to both the spirits , and a want of them , since that heady liquor love had brought him very low of late . 
 the intrusion of sunlight , birdsong and street-bustle from the open window seemed to sink him still lower ; he burrowed under another cushion , until ravella snatched it off . 
 ` what do you want ? ' 
 he appealed . 
 ` why are you harassing me ? 
 what did i ever do to you ? ' 
 ` do you think i 'm going to let you wallow here in your pit and die of a broken heart ? 
 get up , get in the shower , clean your teeth , and i 'll fry you something that 'll really give your heart something to break about . ' 
 this nursing counsel was not met with much enthusiasm , and she was obliged to make several more attempts before finally harrowing him into the bathroom . 
 ` on second thoughts , take a bath , ' she advised , ` and i 'll sit on this stool outside the door so we can talk . ' 
 the poor man obeyed . 
 ` well , what is it you want to talk about ? ' 
 he enquired , once installed in the tub . 
 ` nothing at all , guy , ' said ravella . 
 ` what do you want to talk about ? ' 
 he replied gloomily that he did not want to talk about anything . 
 ` what ! 
 why not ? 
 what 's the matter with you ? ' 
 ` nothing , ' he said , sulkily . 
 ` oh , i do n't believe that . 
 you 're not the man you used to be . 
 you never used to sit in on your own , brooding on your woes . 
 you used to be quite chirpy . 
 what 's changed ? ' 
 ` you know what 's changed , ' he returned despondently . 
 ` you 'd be amazed how i forget things , ' she replied , and conjured him to relate his miseries , which were , in short , that he was ardently in love , while clare would not return the passion , and was seeing somebody else . 
 his plaintive dirge carried on for a good hour altogether , since unhappy people are always at pains to tell you so at length ; and at its conclusion the bathwater had gotten cold , which did not improve his humour any . 
 ravella turned aside as he ambled to his bedroom , lamenting all the while , and then repositioned her stool outside this new door . 
 ` i do n't know what to do , ' he complained , while dressing . 
 ` i do n't understand myself , ravella . 
 i love her too much , i know that , and i know what it does to me . 
 but i do n't know how i 'm supposed to get on , what i ought to feel , what my life will be like tomorrow , or what i 'll feel then . 
 i do n't remember what it was like before her , either -- i suppose i must have been happy , but i ca n't imagine it , with her missing -- oh , it makes me so miserable , i could kill myself ! ' 
 ravella buffed her nails for the hundredth time and said : ` oh guy , i do n't believe you 're in love at all . ' 
 he put his head around the door and startled her . 
 ` how can you say that ? 
 after everything i 've just told you ! ' 
 -- and he snapped the door shut . 
 she opened it ajar . 
 ` it seems to me that if you were in love , you 'd be happy . ' 
 ` what 's to be happy about ? ' 
 ` the prospect of winning clare , and making her love you too . ' 
 he laughed mirthlessly . 
 ` she does n't want me . ' 
 ravella frowned . 
 ` who can blame her , though ? 
 who would want you , guy , for all your company 's worth ? 
 all you do is traipse around , moaning about how painfully miserable you are , when really you need n't bother , because it 's perfectly obvious . 
 well , now i 'm here to bring you out of it , once and for all -- do n't interrupt , i 've got plenty to say , and you 're going to listen to me . 
 last time you met her , guy , you nearly reduced her to tears with your sighs and longing looks . ' 
 ` did i ? ' 
 he asked , hopefully . 
 ` tears of boredom , guy ! 
 and it 's no wonder , is it ? 
 she 's hardly going to be swept off her feet by that sort of mawkish carry-on . 
 you must snap out of these doldrums if you 're to get anywhere . ' 
 at this point he emerged sheepishly from his room , and ravella began to tidy him up as best she could , wondering how she might get him out of this black pullover into something altogether more ravishing . 
 ` tell me immediately , ' she said , ` do you actually want clare , or do you just want to pine about her ? ' 
 ` of course i want her ! ' 
 ` good , because i 'm sick and tired of watching you dither about . 
 if you 're really determined , i can help you . ' 
 ` you know i 'd die for her , ravella , ' he said heroically . 
 ` i 'll kill you myself if you continue in that vein , ' she warned . 
 ` now , you must do exactly what i tell you , to the letter , do you understand ? ' 
 ` alright . 
 but you ca n't make her love me any more than i can , ' he protested . 
 ` excuse me , i can do whatever i wish . 
 and first of all , i 'll make you into the most fascinating , attractive prospect going , which will be no mean feat , even with your pretty face . ' 
 so she set upon transforming him by the method of cheering him up , because -lrb- she reasoned -rrb- cheerful people are always more attractive than gloomy ones , which is why they say that those who are not looking for love always find it first -- if you are happy without it , you are loved for being happy . 
 with this , and many other convoluted maxims , she brought him into her devices and persuaded him that clare would fall for him yet . 
 and he , i suppose , reasoned that the assistance of his beloved 's best friend could hardly do his cause any harm , so consented to her dictates . 
 over the ensuing weeks ravella casually brought laurence into clare 's society more and more , to restore the ground of friendship he had jeopardised with his loverish miseries . 
 and in a short time she saw a chance , and gleefully seized upon it . 
 she considered the intelligence she had gleaned , what her own moves should be , the various ways in which her players might react , and how she would respond ; and having plotted sufficiently she gave laurence his directions , relying on the assumption that , as in the best comedies , everybody would play to type . 
 her discovery was that trevick had devised a romantic appointment for his beloved 's birthday at the end of may . 
 he hinted to clare that he was going to treat her , and that she would receive an invitation on that morning . 
 swept up by the romance of this gesture , clare enthusiastically imagined a surprise trip to venice , hong kong or australia , and pestered trevick on the subject so thoroughly that she ruined her own surprise , because he was forced to reveal that she could expect no more than dinner and a show , followed by a trip to his house in devonshire . 
 this she reported to ravella , who closely noted the details , and pointed out that even rich men can be frustratingly frugal . 
 but clare , in order to compensate for her disappointment about the foreign holiday , now imagined a much nicer surprise altogether . 
 she convinced herself that he meant to propose properly . 
 ravella realised that this might not be such an absolute fantasy , since the tide was turning that way anyhow , and decided to act immediately . 
 ` the first birthday in a relationship is sure to make or break it , ' she remarked to herself , ` and i certainly know which way i intend this one to fall . ' 
 so it was that , on the eve of this fatal birthday , ravella arrived at her dear friend 's home in a carefully contrived state . 
 as soon as the door was opened to her , she burst into floods of very convincing tears on the doorstep . 
 ` ravella ! 
 what 's happened ? ' 
 cried clare , and bundled her inside for a stiff drink and sympathy . 
 ` oh clare ! ' 
 gasped ravella . 
 ` i 've had such a day , the worst of my whole life ! ' 
 ` why , why , what 's happened ? ' 
 ` all my dreams are ruined ! 
 i 'm at the end of my tether ! ' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 ` jack has thrown me out ! ' 
 ` thrown you out ? 
 no ! ' 
 ` yes ! 
 actually turned me out of doors , in just my coat and what i 'm stood up in ! 
 he had the nerve to throw a matchbox after me down the stairs , for my clothes -- well you know i do n't have so many , but i guess i 've got a long way to go -- ' here she wept some more , incoherence embellishing her appearance of distress . 
 ` but what happened ? ' 
 clare asked . 
 ` why did he do it ? ' 
 ravella sighed . 
 ` he says i do n't love him enough . 
 but what does he know about love , anyway ? 
 i daresay he 's found some prettier , younger creature , and is sick of me ! ' 
 ` how could he ? ' 
 gasped clare , outraged at the idea . 
 ` and so he sent you off , just like that ? ' 
 ravella leaned back , world-wearily . 
 ` men ! 
 give me another drink . 
 here 's to men ! 
 you always know what to expect from them -- a knife in the back ! 
 cheers ! ' 
 following this toast she went on to explain how jack -lrb- jack elliott , her doting lover and benefactor , currently in st. petersburg , if the truth were known -rrb- had suddenly started a row about nothing . 
 hot words had flown about , and he had said he did not want her , that she could leave if she liked , that minute ; ravella had argued with him -lrb- she said -rrb- and pleaded for a second chance , but he was implacable . 
 ` i 'm too proud to beg , ' she asserted , ` and life 's too short to go scraping after lost causes . 
 i do n't want him anymore , clare . 
 even if he came crawling to me tomorrow , i 'd kick him back . 
 it 's unforgivable that he could even think of leaving me ! ' 
 a cocktail of further robust and bitter defiances followed . 
 ` oh ravella , i admire your courage ! 
 i 'm sure if it had happened to me , i 'd be a wreck ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 do you expect me to curl up and die ? ' 
 she laughed grimly and tossed her head . 
 ` i would n't give him the satisfaction ! 
 i 'll survive him , clare , and thrive , too ! 
 it takes more than a man to break me ! 
 but that 's enough of that . 
 i do n't want to talk about it anymore , not one word . 
 here 's to you , clare , to your birthday , and what it may bring ! ' 
 they toasted again , and the subject was neatly turned onto clare , who was content to remain on it for the rest of the evening , once it was established that ravella must stay the night . 
 her plan was to leave the next day and retreat to an aunt 's in devonshire to lick her wounds . 
 really , ravella should have gone upon the stage , or appeared in films , because the entire melodrama was a fabrication from beginning to end , a ruse to secure herself at clare 's at that critical time , and to ensure her escape route the next day . 
 in the morning she sprang up with the lark , while her friend lay fast asleep under the weight of the previous evening 's indulgences . 
 ravella drummed her fingers until the first post , and when it arrived , scoured the envelopes for trevick 's handwriting -lrb- which she remembered from the famous poem -rrb- . 
 she pounced upon the correct card and opened it directly . 
 inside was a ticket for the theatre and an appointment to meet for dinner beforehand . 
 ravella noted the details of this cheapskate scheme , and then tore it all up and threw it out of the window , before secretly telephoning guy laurence , who was waiting for his final instructions . 
 then she cancelled the booking at the restaurant for trevick , and rebooked it for laurence ; and all of this was neatly , swiftly and stealthily accomplished before clare was even aware of the world , much to her friend 's satisfaction . 
 when that lady finally arose , she hurried to open her birthday cards with enthusiasm , but could hardly conceal her disappointment when she got nothing from one well-wisher . 
 ` he did say he would send something , ' she protested forlornly to ravella , who consoled her with the notion that there was still a second post to come . 
 and indeed , that post came , and indeed it brought yet more cards , which were met with renewed happiness by their addressee , until she discovered the notable absence . 
 then it was confusion , questions , worry . 
 ` oh ravella , i 'm sure he said -- i was certain that maybe -- perhaps he 's forgotten -- perhaps a delay with the post -- what if -- what if -- what do you think ? ' 
 this anguished plea was met with the suggestion that there might be a special delivery , a courier -- and clare clutched the straw soundly , so that the remainder of the day was spent in anxiety and waiting for a special birthday message , sadly remiss . 
 every engine she conjectured to be a motorcycle dispatch , every step on the pavement a potential knock at the door . 
 ` what does it mean ? ' 
 cried clare , pacing the room . 
 ` why does n't he call ? 
 he might at least wish me happy birthday -- you would think he 'd do that ! ' 
 ` yes , you 'd think so , ' concurred ravella , who , however , had accidentally disconnected the telephone . 
 the afflicted lady , though sorely tempted , would not deign to call her erstwhile lover , but nor would she leave home in case of some communication ; so she paced and debated and worried and disclaimed until finally , bursting into tears , she wildly decided that james trevick must be dead . 
 ravella observed , however , that this tragedy would not have prevented his birthday card from arriving , if he had posted it . 
 ` then i wish he was dead ! ' 
 sobbed clare anew , and worked over again the reasons why he might not have contacted her , until the only solution seemed to be that he did not want to -- that he did not love her . 
 ` nonsense ! ' 
 cried ravella , appalled . 
 ` of course he loves you ! 
 i 'm sure it 's some mistake . ' 
 ` yes , yes , ' agreed clare . 
 ` a mistake . 
 the wrong address ! 
 he 's sent my card to the wrong address ! ' 
 ` i 'm sure that 's it . 
 and he 's lost your number , so he ca n't call . ' 
 ` yes , of course , ' said the other , not even convincing herself . 
 ` but how could he mistake the address ? ' 
 she muttered under her breath . 
 ` and you 'd think he 'd know the number by now . ' 
 ` why do n't you just ring him and clear it all up ? ' 
 ravella gambled . 
 ` call him ! 
 me call him ! 
 when he ca n't even be bothered to call on my birthday ! 
 i do n't think so ! 
 i 'm not going to make it easy for him ! ' 
 -- and she burst into tears again , as evening drew on . 
 ` look at this , ' she announced then , running into the bedroom and re-emerging with a silken slip in her hand . 
 ` i was going to wear this tonight -- i bought it specially ! 
 i was going to wear it just for him , and he ca n't even make the effort to call me ! ' 
 ravella hugged her consolingly . 
 ` i can hardly believe anything bad of james , ' she said , ` but i suppose men are men at the end of the day , and james and jack are pressed from the same mould . ' 
 ` oh , ravella ! 
 here 's me moaning on , when jack has thrown you out and broken your heart ! ' 
 ` do n't worry about me , clare . 
 i always land on my feet , like the best cats . 
 but i hate to see you treated badly . ' 
 ` but i have n't been used as terribly as you have , ravella . ' 
 ` your birthday 's been ruined , has n't it ? 
 good money wasted on a dress he 'll never see , and your best hopes set at nothing ! ' 
 clare sobbed again in spite of herself , and dropped into a chair . 
 ` i wish i was as strong as you , ravella . ' 
 her companion soothed her . 
 ` my motto , ' she said , ` is always `` carry on regardless '' . 
 i never fall and i never break -- i just keep on going . ' 
 and with these empty words she left her alone , and soon , at the appointed time , surreptitiously re-connected the telephone line . 
 before long , there was a bright and hearty ring . 
 clare leapt up as though she had been electrocuted and snatched at the receiver -- only to visibly slump when guy laurence cheerily wished her a happy birthday . 
 not being privy to the events of the day , he expressed concern at the miserable tone of his beloved 's voice , and his affection for her made him ideally compassionate to her distress . 
 ravella had , of course , already arranged for him to take her out to dinner , and now he asked her in earnest , as a consolation for her disappointment elsewhere . 
 ravella began innocently playing cards with herself while this conversation ensued , gambling on its success . 
 clare put her hand over the receiver and asked : ` guy wants to take me out to dinner , what shall i say ? ' 
 ` well , you know , ' said ravella , ` i 'll have to get my train to devon soon , and you do n't want to sit in on your own tonight , do you ? ' 
 clare gloomily considered this prospect a moment , before grimly setting her chin . 
 ` i 'll be damned before i let that man ruin my entire birthday ! ' 
 -- and turning again to the receiver , immediately accepted laurence 's offer . 
 ` queen , king , ace and out ! ' 
 murmured ravella , laying down her cards in triumph . 
 of course a successful gambler is only successful because he accurately sums up the odds , and ravella was nothing if not astute . 
 meanwhile , trevick spent all day pursuing various business transactions , intermittently trying to call clare on the telephone , and wondering why he could not get through to her . 
 nevertheless , he made his way to keep the appointment he had specified in his card , and arrived at the restaurant just in time to see his darling sitting down to dinner at the table he had booked , with another man . 
 trevick 's jealous hackles rose ; clare 's wounded feelings seethed ; laurence 's gallantry nettled at the perceived injury done to the lady -- there was a terrible scene -- rash words were spoken , hot tempers flared -- patrons gasped and waiters fainted -- blows fell , and at last the entire party were ejected from the restaurant . 
 each went their own way , utterly outraged , offended and embarrassed . 
 the romantic aspirations of all three were blasted , and ravella had neatly effected the whole . 
 but she had not done it for pleasure -- all for gain . 
 yes , this was a mere prelude to the main performance , in which she meant to pursue her quarry , namely , trevick 's money . 
 and having successfully brought him into the scheme by cutting out his current attachment , she now intended to build on her initial victory by cutting out her own , and beginning the chase . 
 she hurried back to her apartment with thoughts ticking over , and once there quickly packed up her few belongings and made ready to depart -- for in truth it was the home of this jack elliott , so happily absent in st. petersburg , content in the belief that ravella was waiting dotingly for his return . 
 but she had other plans , a new conquest to make , a new crusade ; she meant to have that james trevick , and win his fabled millions too , in one fell swoop : all other considerations simply paled and faded away . 
 pausing in her business , she assessed herself in the long bedroom mirror , and counted over the weapons she might bring to bear on her prey . 
 bright , flashing eyes , good ; lips quick to smile and pout by turns , good ; hair , brown , indifferent -- but lustrous and dark , better ; figure not too large , good ; figure not too small , bad -- but there was time for improvement there . 
 a pretty face and pretty manners , together with the brain of a moriarty , mata hari and medea all at once , with a dash of mary poppins too , just to sweeten the mix . 
 yes , yes , she would do well enough . 
 an ancient look crept into her young eyes then , as she gazed on her own face ; tinges of yesterdays -- but she put them away , and continued her packing . 
 this done , she turned to the mirror once more , to set about the composition of some expressive phrase of valediction , to be written -lrb- in the best tradition -rrb- with lipstick on the glass . 
 her muse was hampered , however , by a nagging concern , namely that she did not want to waste too much of her favourite shade . 
 as it happened , though , she was spared the trouble and the lipstick together by the sudden opening of the front door , and the entrance of a very bluff and jolly jack elliott , prematurely returned from russia to surprise his beloved . 
 ravella looked around at this vision of merry joy and realised that she had her work cut out . 
 elliott was besotted with her , supported her comfortably in his home , and would not suffer butter to melt in her mouth at any time -- none of which boded that he would take being cast off wonderfully well . 
 and he did n't . 
 you must imagine for yourself a full hour of shock , horror , outrage , wounded cries , poisoned looks , bleeding tears , impassioned pleas , tantrums and heartbreak , all on the part of the unfortunate gentleman . 
 an attack on the feelings can injure just as severely as a physical assault , and certainly takes much more concentration and effort to heal ; and indeed , if ravella had snatched a kitchen knife and butchered elliott , filleting his bones and boiling them for broth , he would not , perhaps , have experienced so intense a sensation of pain and hurt as he did during that hour , and long afterwards . 
 but these interesting observations aside , let it suffice to say that elliott was somewhat upset when ravella told him she was leaving . 
 after the hour had elapsed -lrb- ravella had her eye on the time -rrb- , he sat down on his suitcase in the hall with a heavy sigh , and she sat down on hers . 
 ` i 've loved you so much , ' he said , ` so much , ravella , and i 've been so happy . 
 i was happy right up to that front door , right until i saw you , right until you spoke to me . 
 have you never been happy ? 
 have you never been happy with me ? ' 
 ` of course i have , ' she replied , ` quite as happy as you , my dear , and i 'm happy now . ' 
 ` happy to be leaving me ! ' 
 ` happy that our whole affair has been happy , jack , from beginning to end . 
 i would hate to think of it waning into bitterness and resentment . ' 
 she smiled sweetly . 
 ` but we could go on being happy , ' he urged , ` we could go on as we are ! ' 
 she shook her head . 
 ` why not ? ' 
 he pressed . 
 ` why , tell me why ? ' 
 ` because it 's time to change . 
 that 's the way to stay happy . ' 
 ` but i 'm in love with you ! ' 
 ` you should n't be , ' she tutted , ` it 's very rash . 
 happiness is one thing , but being in love is altogether more risky . ' 
 ` how can i help it , though ? ' 
 he parried . 
 ` you 've made me love you ! ' 
 ` made you ! ' 
 she stood up , frowning . 
 ` well i 'll make you hate me now , in recompense ! ' 
 elliott gasped . 
 ` ravella , why are you doing this ? 
 why are you being so cruel to me ? ' 
 ` i 'm being kind , ' she said . 
 ` you 've no business loving me . 
 you 'll come to regret it . ' 
 ` how can i regret it ? 
 i love you so much ! ' 
 -- and with this anguished cry he flung his arms around her and sobbed ; but she put him off sternly . 
 ` too much , jack ! 
 i never knew of love that came to any good . 
 it 's too heady and dangerous for anybody to be content with it . ' 
 but he did not like the taste of that , and retorted angrily : ` there 's some new man , is n't there ? 
 who is he ? 
 i 'll kill him ! 
 i 'll murder him ! ' 
 he drew up his middle-age spread to his full height . 
 ` tell me his name ! ' 
 ` it 's none of your business . ' 
 ` tell me , ravella ! 
 i swear i 'll have him traced , and shot ! ' 
 ` put your temper away , ' she snapped . 
 ` i wo n't have you shooting him , or anyone . ' 
 ` so there is someone ! ' 
 he accused , appalled . 
 ` why does it surprise you ? 
 there were men before you , and there 'll be men again . 
 did n't you `` poach '' me from your cousin , jack ? 
 well , you never won me -- i won you . ' 
 ` we were in love ! ' 
 ` that word again ! 
 i knew where my bread was buttered -- and you knew how to feather your bed , and we were two happy proverbs together . ' 
 his wrath kindled . 
 ` what have i ever done to hurt you ? 
 you were nothing when i met you ! ' 
 ` nonsense , i was everything when you met me , ' said ravella . 
 ` i was feted , celebrated and adored -- i was the cat with the cream , and you had to have me . 
 well , that suited me well enough , at the time -- but i find the cream 's gone sour of late , since your love stepped in . 
 that 's done neither you nor me any good : i ca n't live with it , and you ca n't live without it . ' 
 ` what would you know ? 
 you 've never loved . ' 
 ravella took a breath before answering . 
 ` as it happens i have -- and powerfully . 
 but it 's all passed . ' 
 elliott clutched her hand . 
 ` you loved me ? ' 
 she snatched it away . 
 ` my husband , of course ! 
 i ca n't tell you how i felt for him . 
 but now i 'm done with love . ' 
 then her erstwhile partner pulled her towards him once more , enjoining tenderly : ` give me time , ravella , give me time . 
 you 'll come to feel differently -- about love , about me . 
 you 'll come to feel as i do about you . ' 
 ` i 'd rather not feel at all , if i can , ' she told him . 
 ` look at all the trouble it leads to . ' 
 with that she looked at the clock , picked up her luggage and kissed his cheek goodbye . 
 he protested still , however , claiming that he would find her , would seek her out , would make her see -- and rounded off desperately with : ` i 'll always love you ! ' 
 as she retreated . 
 ` yes , my darling , ' she smiled kindly , half-turning . 
 ` but make it a short `` always '' . ' 
 -- and she slammed the door . 
 james trevick , meanwhile , true to his proud nature , did not suffer himself to risk further embarrassment , following the scene in the restaurant , by remaining in the city any longer than he needed to . 
 he froze all his feelings for clare belmont entirely , and withdrew his affection . 
 he would not be made into a dupe , he would not be humiliated . 
 he was sorely hurt by her apparent duplicity , and did not mean to disgrace himself by continuing her acquaintance if he could avoid it . 
 so avoid it he would , by leaving london altogether , and immediately . 
 back home at hurlevor point he meant to retreat into his shell to lick his wounds , and learn that love is false , which lesson would doubtless form the basis of many a depthless poem . 
 but ravella anticipated all of this , and made to head him off at hurlevor . 
 iii the granite cottages cluttered in their cove , the forlorn quay , the blustered trees and miserable boats rocking at their moorings were all submerged in a grey sea-fog the following morning , as ravella arrived in the unwary little village . 
 the waves were furious and foaming , the sky overcast , the seagulls making their dismal madrigals as they headed inland -- june did not promise a radiant summer . 
 ravella 's umbrella immediately blew out as she stepped from the taxi , and she battled to restrain her hair while glancing about at the gloomy scene . 
 but as soon as she conceived her first misgivings she put them off and hurried into the porch of the rustic victorian guesthouse right upon the quayside . 
 blundering into the hall amid a shower of fallen leaves and tumbling luggage , she was at once greeted by a pall of silence , broken only by the ticking of a clock and a dog barking mutedly somewhere . 
 the dimpsy interior -lrb- which did not seem to have been redecorated since the war -rrb- was not indicative , at first glance , of the best standard of accommodation . 
 nevertheless , ravella smartly rang the bell , and was instantly attended by the fair genius of the place , namely , mrs. manderville , a lady of uncertain age and quality , who was anyhow distilled of good devonish stock , hale and plump . 
 unfortunately , however , it appeared that once , having mistakenly sucked upon an unripe gooseberry , the wind had changed , and her face had stayed that way . 
 ravella assumed the imperious tone she always used with staff , and demanded to see the manager of the establishment . 
 mrs. manderville said : ` i am the landlady , ' with great dignity . 
 ` are you ? ' 
 said ravella . 
 ` well , i require your best room for an indefinite period , and full board -- i eat like a horse , you understand . ' 
 ` and you know how to whistle dixie , miss , i presume ? ' 
 ` what did you say ? ' 
 ` i was just elucidating , miss , that this is what they call a `` bed and breakfast '' , and as such , a bed and a breakfast is what you can expect to get . ' 
 ravella smiled . 
 ` oh dear , i expect to get much , much more . ' 
 ` then as i say , you 'd better start whistling , ' replied the landlady flatly . 
 ravella tutted . 
 ` hmm , but i ca n't do with those terms . 
 where else is there to eat in hurlevor , i mean , beyond breakfast ? ' 
 mrs. manderville sniffed . 
 ` nowhere , miss. ' ` well , what do the other guests do ? ' 
 ` nothing , miss. ' ` they starve ? 
 is this a health farm ? ' 
 ` there are no other guests , miss , ' returned the matron . 
 ` what ! 
 nobody ? ' 
 ` you 're out of season , miss. ' ` in june ? ' 
 enquired the miss. . 
 mrs. manderville shuffled a little . 
 ` yes , ' she said , trying to sound casual , ` you see , people come for the crabs , mostly . ' 
 ` the crabs ? 
 in this guesthouse ? ' 
 ` no ! 
 i meant -- well , in the sea , you see ? ' 
 ` and nobody comes for the crabs in the summer ? ' 
 mrs. manderville half-smiled toothlessly and spread her hands . 
 ravella looked at her like a teacher to a naughty pupil . 
 ` and they do n't come in the winter either , do they ? ' 
 mrs. manderville looked at her feet and shook her head . 
 ravella laughed gaily and linked arms with the landlady . 
 ` mrs -- ' she declared -lrb- ` manderville , ' suggested the other -rrb- , ` mrs. manderville , you and i are going to be such good friends ! 
 you 're going to show me the best room in the house , where i shall stay for as long as i please , and enjoy full board , and we shall always eat together , just for the pleasure of it . 
 and in return , i will personally support your entire summer season . 
 now , how 's that for friendship ? ' 
 mrs. manderville , who , to be honest , was wondering where her next gin would be coming from anyway , smiled , and they shook hands . 
 ` what name shall i put in the book , miss ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ravella was attending to her hair in a dusty mirror . 
 ` mrs. trevick , ' she said . 
 the landlady looked up . 
 ` trevick ? 
 you 're not related to mr. trevick who lives up at the point , are you ? ' 
 ravella gave her companion an arch smile . 
 ` what a prophetess you are , mrs. manderville ! ' 
 -- and promptly wheedled as much news of mr. trevick as she could out of the hapless landlady , as they ventured upstairs . 
 mrs. manderville -lrb- carrying the bags -rrb- puffingly confirmed that trevick had no family , lived alone and was famously wealthy . 
 ` quite a catch for a pretty young thing like you , miss , ' she rounded off . 
 ` certainly beats crabs , ' the other agreed . 
 they proceeded into a large , sombre chamber on the first floor , the tall windows of which fronted immediately onto the sea , with only a narrow lane , a bollard and the harbour-stones intervening . 
 indeed , so close was the guesthouse built to the quay , that in particularly rough weather the windows of that very room were often dashed with salt-spray . 
 ravella ran her finger along the mantelpiece . 
 ` is this the best room ? ' 
 she queried suspiciously . 
 mrs. manderville asserted that it was . 
 ravella suggested that she might have the cleaners come in -- it was all a bit grubby . 
 ` i shall do it myself , miss ! ' 
 said mrs. manderville . 
 ` i 'm never satisfied when it comes to cleanliness , until i can see my own face shining in all the furniture ! ' 
 -- but this gallant gesture was only a subterfuge to disguise the fact that she could not afford to keep on any staff , and was obliged to do it all herself anyway . 
 ` it 's a rough sea today ! ' 
 she observed brightly , to distract her guest while she surreptitiously wiped over a table with her skirt , behind her back . 
 ravella glanced towards the window and shivered . 
 ` i ca n't abide listening to the sea , ' she muttered . 
 ` the sound of the waves in the night drives me mad . ' 
 she involuntarily shied away towards the door . 
 ` most folks find it restful , ' said the landlady . 
 ` i am not most folks , ' rounded ravella . 
 ` i always think the water is watching me . 
 i had a dream once that i was swimming and got my foot caught in a lobster pot . 
 it dragged me down to the bottom , and i had to live there forever . ' 
 ` what an idea ! ' 
 mrs. manderville shook her head . 
 ` but you did say you wanted the best room , miss. ' nevertheless ravella insisted that she see another , at the back of the house , and so was led to a still gloomier apartment , overlooking a meagre garden . 
 ` i would n't have put you in here unless you 'd insisted , ' warned mrs. manderville , ` because it 's haunted . ' 
 ravella glanced around the room and beamed . 
 ` how lovely ! 
 tell me who haunts it . ' 
 ` well , ' confided the other , warming to the theme , ` they say that there was a young cavalier , you know , from cavalier times , who was in love with the lady who lived up at the great house . ' 
 ` hurlevor point ? ' 
 ` yes , but the old mansion 's gone now , miss. . 
 anyway , it seems this lady was cruel to him , and turned him off , so he run himself through on his sword , for grief . 
 and now they say he 's often seen on windswept nights , pacing this chamber , all bloodied , with his cutlass in his back . ' 
 ` how terrible ! ' 
 ravella enthused , wide-eyed . 
 ` a cavalier , you say ? 
 and when was this house built ? ' 
 ` eighteen forty-two , ' intoned mrs. manderville solemnly . 
 ` it says so over the door . ' 
 ravella nodded conspiratorially , and looked about the room . 
 happening to rest her hand a moment on the stout oak bedframe , a large timber of it came away in her fingers . 
 ` mrs. manderville ! ' 
 she gasped . 
 ` this guesthouse really is in a shocking state of repair ! ' 
 the hostess apologised . 
 ` but it 's finding the time and gumption to do it all , you know . 
 i 'm not too handy with woodwork . ' 
 ` ca n't you get mister manderville up here to sort the old place out ? ' 
 the matron took on a very grave look . 
 ` my husband , miss , ' she announced , ` has been dead these ten years . ' 
 ` oh . ' 
 ` lost at sea , miss , ' she continued , rather proudly . 
 ` the best sailor i ever knew . ' 
 ravella was still for a moment , before returning : ` well ! 
 you know we really are birds of a feather , mrs. manderville . ' 
 ` how so ? ' 
 ` we 're both widows , and the sea has both our husbands , too . 
 but you see i have n't let myself go for all that -- and similarly , you should n't let this house fall to rack and ruin . 
 no wonder nobody stays at hurlevor , if this is the fare they 're to expect ! 
 but with a bit of imagination you could really turn this place around . 
 i can see it now -- an exclusive little executive getaway , only for the most select clientele . 
 yes , you 're sitting on a goldmine , without a doubt . ' 
 mrs. manderville looked around the faded old walls in surprise . 
 ` do you think so ? ' 
 she asked doubtfully . 
 ravella took her arm with conviction . 
 ` mrs. manderville , ' she said , ` i never tell a lie . ' 
 and so she recommended that they eat , which they did , and chewed over the landlady 's glittering hoteliery future . 
 afterwards ravella proposed that they take a drink , which was the kiss of life to mrs. manderville , and the gin appeared . 
 then ravella asked her hostess whether she played , and without delay the cards were brought out , and they began . 
 shortly ravella intimated that they should play for a few pennies , which went down well , and after that suggested upping the stakes to pounds , and , the gin having taken mrs. manderville -lrb- who considered herself quite a shark at cards -rrb- , this was readily agreed to -- so they gambled on into the night . 
 and ravella , you will not be surprised to learn , never lost at cards , and by morning had her landlady so far in debt as to keep herself in board and lodging for the next six weeks ; and all the while they became the very best of friends , and mrs. manderville became very , very drunk indeed . 
 nevertheless , she was up bright and early the next morning cooking a hearty breakfast for ravella , who , against all the odds , had slept quite soundly in the haunted chamber . 
 she came downstairs full of resolution , and principally , a desire to acquaint herself with trevick 's landed assets . 
 mrs. manderville was eager to know what was afoot , and eulogised about ` young lovers ' all over the bacon and eggs . 
 but ravella only smiled and kept her counsel ; she was no more in the habit of depending on uncertainties than humouring landladies . 
 the season continued wet , and a particularly blustery squall swept in over hurlevor as ravella emerged from the guesthouse , and turned right along the lane . 
 following her landlady 's directions , she branched off onto the coast-path , having crossed a stile , and entered the relative shelter of a copse . 
 unfortunately , the track sided directly the humming tide , so the sparse intervention of some gorse and ashes did little to prevent the wet gusts from ravaging her delicate attentions to beauty . 
 her shoes were quickly muddied , her clothes bespattered and her hair matted ; in short , she did not emerge into the grounds of hurlevor point as quite the vision of loveliness she intended . 
 nevertheless , her machiavellian interests were soon distracted by the prospect of the house : a good size , in tolerable order , in a key position and set before an imposing drive of gravel . 
 she peeped in through the downstairs windows , but found the rooms empty of furniture ; however , she could see enough of the interior to be very well satisfied with the quality of the property . 
 it was not so large as to prove a financial liability , but was sufficiently commodious to prove the home of a millionaire . 
 and besides , she had learnt from mrs. manderville that trevick was the sole owner and dweller therein , which was a charming convenience , since superfluous relatives and hangers-on would not need to be dispatched . 
 in short , ravella found that hurlevor point met her hopes and expectations perfectly . 
 as to its aesthetic or atmospheric attributes , however -- its majestic gables , noble chimneys and salt-washed grey stones -- she was perfectly indifferent . 
 having investigated as much of the building as she could from the windows , she decided to explore the grounds further , to oversee her business interests as it were , and wandered around to the back of the house , which faced the seashore . 
 the tide being out -lrb- though on the turn -rrb- had exposed a vast stretch of grey shingle , granite boulders and seaweed , all of which were so close to the house as to make her wonder how the proximity of the sea might endanger the real-estate value . 
 so she picked her way through the drizzle to study the walls for any symptoms of subsidence , which would never do . 
 however , while about this , she was continually aware of the noisy sea behind her , crunching and sluicing as it encroached ; and the wind , beating up the breakers to a foam , only encouraged the uproar and brought the waves in with eager crashes , which she did not like . 
 she shivered as she pursued her scrutiny , and could not ignore how like breathing the ocean sound was , a rasping , harsh breathing , sighing and hissing as the tide gathered up the shore , with a vague mist preceding it . 
 there was a quality in the voice of the tide that drew in all other sounds , dulling them into the same dreary rhythm ; and it was a rhythm that pressed on her mind persistently , always breathing in and never breathing out , and saying such things as only such a low and roaring voice can say , hoarse and hollering at once . 
 then it seemed she heard another voice in the swell , which she had heard before , inherent in the sea-sounds , speaking something familiar to undermine her , little by little , until she became so distracted by it that she turned suddenly around to find she had strayed from her intended path in the fog , and the sea was alarmingly upon her . 
 she was looking about in confusion for the way she had come , when a great wave broke over a rock just by and soaked her to her senses . 
 she scampered back inland , but in her path stumbled across a man lying prone in the shingle , his legs tangled in seaweed and his shoulders showing very white among the stones . 
 in surprise she dropped down beside him , concluding he had been hurled out of the waves , some swimmer or such come to mischief . 
 she threw back his head to roll him over and feel his heart , whereupon he coughed roughly , which reassured her . 
 but then , what luck it was to push the black locks from his brow and find it was the very catch she intended : james trevick . 
 on this discovery she swooped to renew her assistance , and brought him to life with all urgency , chafing his cheeks , beating his back to bring up the water and conjuring him to lean forward , use his limbs , come to himself -- which , however , he did not , continuing in a daze , though he staggered to his feet with her persuasion . 
 he swayed a little , and took some stumbling steps where she led him . 
 he trembled , so she forsook her coat and wrapped it over him as they made a heavy journey back to the house . 
 once there , ravella took him upstairs and helped him onto a sofa , wrapping him in a throw for warmth , as the rooms were terribly cold . 
 she ran about to find the means to procure some heating , during which exercise she hardly had time to inspect the interior of the property , since its owner , and key to her design , was currently of far more consequence . 
 finding some brandy , she knelt down at his side to rouse him from his sea-stupor with the application of spirits and encouragement in equal measures . 
 at last , after some further coughing and shivering , the liquor produced the desired effect . 
 he stirred , and , leaning back his head on the arm of the sofa , asked aloud : ` what was i thinking ? ' 
 ` not of drowning , i hope , ' suggested ravella . 
 he held a hand to his face . 
 ` i 've swum there all my life , ' he said , ` and i 've never once come to trouble . 
 what 's the matter with me ? ' 
 but now , warming to his surroundings , he suddenly remembered himself , and turned , astonished , to ravella -lrb- who sat meekly by -rrb- . 
 ` you practically saved my life ! ' 
 he cried , and began upon a series of thanks , all the while amazed that he needed to be rescued at all , until it occurred to him to ask : ` but who are you , what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` i came down with the rain , ' she said . 
 ` i can see , you 're soaking , ' he replied . 
 ` i 'm so sorry about this , to have put you through it -- but it 's lucky you were there , or i might have been dragged under . 
 there 's a steep shelf -- ' he trailed off , lost in looking at her face , as though it was from a dream . 
 ravella bashfully remembered her bedraggled state and averted her eyes , but he held out his fingers to prevent her turning , and asked curiously for her name . 
 ` do n't you know me ? ' 
 she tried , looking full at him . 
 he sighed and frowned . 
 ` ravella ? ' 
 ` am i so disappointing ? ' 
 he sighed again and shook his head . 
 ` you 've just reminded me of everything . ' 
 but then he sat up . 
 ` has clare sent you ? 
 is she here ? ' 
 ravella pressed another tumbler to his lips and returned evenly , ` i have n't seen clare for ages . 
 i 'm here to visit a very dear old aunt of mine , and you can imagine my surprise to have you washed up at my feet , when i was only wandering through , looking for crabs . 
 but what on earth were you doing out swimming on a day like this ? ' 
 he lay back again , resigned . 
 ` there 's an old ruin submerged just off the point , and i often used to go snorkelling there . 
 i thought the cold water would do me good , start me out of my mood . ' 
 ` what mood was it , that needed half-drowning to be rid of ? ' 
 he curled his lip into a grimace . 
 ` i 'm trying to forget clare . 
 you see , we 're finished -- ' ravella nodded sympathetically -- ` ah , news travels fast . 
 well , i just do n't want to think about her anymore . 
 i wanted to do something familiar , like i used to when i did n't know her . 
 that 's why i swam out to the ruin , to forget , to stop myself turning it all over . 
 i 'm sick and tired of love , ravella . ' 
 ` very wise . 
 but not sick of life , too , i hope ? ' 
 -- at which he laughed . 
 ` i hope not ! 
 i was just careless , that 's all , and the sea 's not a place to be careless , at any time . 
 i saw an open anemone nestled in one of the old fireplaces , with something glinting beside it , and swam down to look . 
 there was a great mass of bladderwrack nearby , and it got tangled around my leg and held me down . 
 i was out of breath by the time i pulled away , and even when i surfaced , the waves were rolling over me , so i could n't get a gasp of air without swallowing water . ' 
 he smiled at her . 
 ` but i always survive somehow . ' 
 ravella smiled too . 
 ` but how will you survive your broken heart , i wonder ? ' 
 ` oh , that 's easy . 
 i 'll eat the pieces , and never love another woman again . ' 
 ` that 's severe ! 
 will you love a man instead , then ? 
 at least you 've left yourself half the population . ' 
 he laughed again , and seemed to be altogether heartier . 
 ` i do n't blame you , though , ' she continued . 
 ` we women are terrible , a plague upon men , have n't you heard ? 
 every one a pestilence on man 's head , you 're best off without us . ' 
 trevick smiled wryly , but was quick to ask : ` and what about you , ravella ? ' 
 she winked . 
 ` oh , i 'm the worst of them all . ' 
 after this they chatted further , while he sat up and recovered his energy . 
 a refreshing bout of ravella 's lively company soon cleared his gloom and set him thinking that he was a better man than to sit about languishing . 
 his pride -lrb- ever his keel -rrb- reasserted his sense of himself , and he resolved anew to dispatch clare from his mind as much as he was able . 
 since his recovery was now sufficiently complete to warrant a return of the common modes of hospitality , he stood up , and , covering his bare arms and chest with the throw , excused himself for not being a better host . 
 but ravella jumped to her feet as quickly and returned that she had been a worse guest for not leaving sooner ; however , if he was well , she ought to set off . 
 ` oh , i 'm sorry , ' he said . 
 ` well , but thank you again , ravella . ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` be careful of the sea in future , and how you swim in it . 
 you would n't be the first to come to a bad end there . ' 
 ` but i 've come to a good end , after all . ' 
 ` yes , but you 're an exception . 
 only bad things come of the sea , in the main . ' 
 ` i 've never found that -- no , i 've always thought it to be a happy sea , all my life . ' 
 ` you surprise me , ' she countered . 
 ` i myself have heard such terrible things , of wrecks and monsters , and drowned sailors coming ashore after years and years . ' 
 trevick glanced at her suspiciously . 
 ` yes , i once wrote a poem about such a thing , i think . 
 i remember clare asked me to copy it out for her . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 exclaimed the other , a touch too ingenuously . 
 ` i 'd heard of it somewhere , too . 
 i suppose it 's an old legend . ' 
 he smiled to himself . 
 ` no , it was only a dream i had , ravella , when i was young . ' 
 ravella , having trapped herself into pretending not to have read the poem , was obliged to feign , with : ` oh ! 
 how strange . 
 well , perhaps i 've had a similar dream at some time -- or maybe your coming out of the sea today put it into my head . ' 
 ` but i 'm not drowned , i 'm glad to say , ' he replied . 
 ` perhaps it will become a legend one day , who can tell ? 
 until it does , though , you ought to revise your opinion of the sea . 
 i could show you places along this coast where she 's as calm and lovely as a lake -- and even here at the point , when the weather 's better , there 's nothing brighter or more beautiful than a quiet sea . ' 
 ` well , when i see that , i 'll try to dread the sea a little less . ' 
 and she said goodbye , leaving him with an inclination to help her , just as she suggested , by showing her a calmer ocean -- which was of course the inclination she intended to foster . 
 as he watched her disappear down the path to the village , a great magpie swooped out of the woods , landed in her wake , and nodded three times ; and of course , in the nursery rhyme , one is for sorrow where magpies are concerned . 
 but unfortunately , trevick did not appreciate this poetic insight into his fate , even as he gazed after his erstwhile guest , which only goes to show how often we pander to observe superstitions , but never think to profit by the fruits of them when they appear . 
 ravella returned to her lodgings flushed with success , and gleefully imparted her day 's adventures to mrs. manderville , who doted on the entire narrative from end to end , laughed loudly at ravella 's treatment of it , and generally flattered her on the genius of her stratagems . 
 yes , she knew well enough how to keep her lucrative guest sweet . 
 at the first dwindling of dusk , the gin was brought out once more , and mrs. manderville imbibed to perfection , declaring that she intended to fully recount her losses of the night before . 
 duly the cards appeared again , and again , ravella blithely plunged her attentive landlady into debt -- and the further mrs. manderville sank into dissipation , the more loquacious she became , and the broader her accent . 
 ` love ! ' 
 she cried , by way of a toast . 
 ` you young lovers , you 've got it all , have n't you ? ' 
 ` have we ? ' 
 asked ravella . 
 ` yes , you have ! 
 course you have , and you know it ! 
 look at that james trevick , what a man he is , aye ? 
 what a man ! ' 
 she bellowed a laugh . 
 ` if i were twenty years younger , my lover , you 'd have competition , i can tell you that ! ' 
 ` i 've no doubt of it , ' replied the other , winning another hand . 
 ` an ' he 's rich , too , bloody hell is he ever rich ! 
 did you ever hear the like ? 
 he 's as rich as a -- as a -- ' ` a bank ? ' 
 suggested ravella . 
 ` a skunk ! ' 
 declared mrs. manderville with a flourish . 
 ` oh no , that 's wrong , ' said her companion . 
 ` it 's drunk as a skunk . ' 
 ` drunk ! 
 i 'll have you know i can hold my drink better than you young whippet girlies ! 
 drunk ! 
 you do n't know the meaning of the word skunk ! ' 
 -- and she shot to her feet at the indignation of it , swayed alarmingly , and sat down again forcibly , breaking the arm off the chair . 
 ` now look what you 've done , ' tutted ravella . 
 ` you 'll have to buy a new chair . 
 and while you 're at it , a new table and service would n't go amiss . ' 
 but mrs. manderville was n't listening . 
 ` do you hear what i say ? ' 
 she carolled . 
 ` if i was twenty years younger , i 'd be -- ' ` forty ? ' 
 put in ravella . 
 ` i 'd be more than a match for you , madam ! ' 
 cried the landlady . 
 ` i 'd have that man off you , i 'd have him in my bed quicker than you could say -- ' ` barrage balloon ? ' 
 put in ravella . 
 ` barnacles ? ' 
 queried mrs. manderville , a little confused . 
 ` what are you saying to me ? 
 where was i at ? 
 oh that 's it , yes , well , i 'd have him , you know , i 'd have him and have him , if you get me , too , and his money ! 
 i 'd show you a thing or two , my darlin ' , and then some ! ' 
 ` i 've no doubt about it , ' agreed ravella , pouring another drink . 
 the matron then grew maudlin , and proclaimed : ` i was a beauty once ! ' 
 ` were you ? 
 what happened ? ' 
 ` age , my lover , age ! ' 
 she warned , leaning over the table and trying to focus . 
 ` i used to have ’em all after me , you know ! 
 they used to sing a song about me , on the boats , to keep ’em warm , that 's how hot i was , twenty years since . 
 put you in the shade , girlie ! 
 but its gravity , in the end , though . 
 gravity gets you , and it 's all downhill from there ! ' 
 ravella wagged her finger reproachfully . 
 ` you threw your beauty away ! 
 it was very careless . ' 
 ` what 's that you say ? ' 
 ` well if you were such a beauty , you should have used it to marry money and live happily ever after . 
 what were you thinking of ? ' 
 ` i was in love ! ' 
 wailed mrs. manderville . 
 ` woman 's ruin , ' interrupted ravella , pouring more gin and stilting the affecting tale of romance that seemed sure to follow . 
 ` as i say , you were careless , and now look at you : sitting in rags on a broken chair , lamenting your losses . ' 
 ` rags ! 
 this was from the catalogue ! ' 
 ` what ! 
 the salvation army jumble sale , confess it ! 
 and to think that you could so easily be wealthy again . ' 
 mrs. manderville swayed her head towards ravella . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 ` oh yes , it would be easy . 
 if you 'd only do as i suggest and invest a little in this place , you could soon be thriving . ' 
 ` and where does all the money come from , aye ? 
 a sub from the sally army ? ' 
 she returned crossly . 
 ` i can loan you the money , ' said ravella , and pushed her landlady 's losings back across the table to her . 
 ` what you 've lost tonight i 'll lend you , at the merest slip of interest , to spend on investments and doing up the old place . 
 and when it 's gotten to a fit standard , i 'll put the word about among my friends that this is the only seaside retreat -- and my word is as good as a fashion , mrs. manderville , so you 'll be made in no time . ' 
 mrs. manderville had agreed to everything before she knew where she was , and so sank still more shockingly into debt to ravella , who secured herself a comfortable little purchase on mrs. manderville 's overdraft , two loans and a remortgage . 
 indeed , ravella felt that she had handled her financial concerns so happily that she need have no apprehensions about how long it might take to secure james trevick 's capital ; in fact she went out directly the next day and bought herself a new wardrobe and shoes . 
 this moral scene has been included for two reasons : firstly , to demonstrate the evils of drink -lrb- the chief evil being , what dreadful bores drunk people tend to be -rrb- , but secondly , to highlight how carelessly ravella 's stratagems tended to escalate into catastrophes for everyone else . 
 what were games and ploys to her , were tendant to dire consequences for her victims . 
 and these consequences were as often emotional as financial , for though james trevick found himself forsaking his broken heart in record time , clare belmont was altogether more unhappy , having been the more attached of the couple all along . 
 now she found herself , not only stranded and alone , but fairly at the mercy of guy laurence , who had not forgotten ravella 's prompting , and daily reinforced his suit towards clare with whatever means he could conjure . 
 ravella , it seems , was quite distressed about her dear friend 's predicament , and actually tried to sound so when clare called her in despair . 
 the chorus of woe ran down the telephone thus : ` oh ravella ! 
 i ca n't believe he 's gone ! 
 why wo n't he forgive me ? 
 i 'd forgive him tomorrow , in a moment ! 
 we could be so happy together ! 
 if he asked me , i 'd go back to him at once -- i ca n't bear to be without him ! 
 how did this happen ? 
 we could be so happy ! 
 why did this happen , why , why , why -- ? ' 
 ` i ca n't imagine , clare , ' answered ravella . 
 ` oh dear , i foresee that my dear aunt is about to choke on a fish bone , i must go -- try not to think about james too much , goodbye -- ' -lrb- click . -rrb- 
 clare had of course expressed surprise to discover that ravella was staying in hurlevor , and so close to trevick 's home , but ravella had expressed equal surprise at the coincidence , and reassured her friend that , if she should have the misfortune to run into that less-than-gentle-man , she would make certain to cut him cold for the pain he had caused . 
 however , as it happened , ravella found that this promise slipped her mind on the several occasions when she did happen to encounter trevick about the village ; and so far did she forget it that a familiar acquaintanceship sprang up between them , a very burgeoning friendship . 
 this culminated one fine sunny day when he offered to take her up to hurlevor point to have a view of the sea . 
 he assured her that it was as calm as a millpond and breathtakingly blue that day , so ravella was pleased to accept his invitation . 
 as always happens when the sun shines , the memory of the dour skies that preceded it was driven from their minds , and they wandered up to hurlevor point together marvelling at the refreshing change in the air , the clarity of the gentle salt breezes , the blithe existence of seagulls , and the quantity of cow-parsley in the hedgerows . 
 they came to the shore in deep conference , and trevick gently drew her attention to the water , which dappled the pebbles tranquilly . 
 ` what do you think of the sea now ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` it 's hard to even imagine how rough it looked when you found me here . ' 
 ravella smiled in sympathy and confessed she would have to make friends with the ocean after all , if she could . 
 her companion surveyed the horizon , broken as it was by jagged stacks of rock , with his habitual stern expression , and she took a sly opportunity to study his impressive profile and dark eyes . 
 they were eyes , she concluded , habituated to contemplating deep and complex matters , and it seemed to her that poets must think altogether so often , that the thoughts must vex them to distraction eventually . 
 she comforted herself that her own thinking was concise and straight to the point ; she tended to shy away from what he would probably find inspirational , because she did not care to dabble with concepts whose outcomes she could not determine personally . 
 however , we often find that we do not always have things our own way , as you shall hear . 
 now trevick interrupted his reverie and said : ` ravella , let me show you something . ' 
 he led her up a short rise onto a sort of rocky promontory , from which vantage they could overlook the whole vista of the headland , and beyond it , the village and cove . 
 he drew close and pointed out over the water , breathing to her to look carefully , which she did , and saw only the green currents weaving amongst the blue , rippling over the surface . 
 she asked what she was supposed to be looking at , but he hushed her , and bid her wait a moment -- and in that moment a fat white cloud idly passing across the sun changed the light imperceptibly , and now the waves appeared to run clear , and uncover beneath them a tracery of darker green , shimmering on the sea bed , a very garden of patterned foliage under the water , forming a broad square maze . 
 this , it seems , was an image of ancient walls , clothed in weeds , the foundations of a mansion laid out beneath the sea . 
 ` that 's where i was swimming when i got into trouble . 
 there are all manner of weird fishes and plants out there . 
 the ruins shelter them , like a reef . ' 
 ` i think i 've heard something about that house , ' said ravella . 
 ` i believe i share a room with a certain cavalier who was in love with the late owner of it . ' 
 ` she had plenty of cavaliers in love with her , if the legends are true , ' smiled trevick . 
 ` she was reputedly the most beautiful lady in england . ' 
 ` she was very fortunate ! ' 
 ` they say she made her own fortune . 
 she married the lord of that manor , who was old and rich , and soon died , which put her in a happy situation enough . ' 
 ` very enterprising . ' 
 he laughed and went on . 
 ` yes , but she soon frittered away her inheritance on loose living -- and looser men , like your ghostly roommate . 
 she had plenty of admirers , though , so she just married another rich one and moved him into hurlevor point . 
 but he went off to sea , and was away in the americas for seven years before a report came back that he was wrecked on his way home , and drowned . ' 
 ` so she inherited again ? ' 
 asked ravella , taken up with the tale . 
 ` of course she did -- and squandered all that , too , without doubt . 
 so , she tried the same trick over , and married , and was widowed a third time . ' 
 ` the merry widow indeed ! 
 but what did the third one die of ? 
 and was he rich ? ' 
 ` the richest of the lot ! 
 he went the same way as the second one , and the first too , for that matter -- yes , they all drowned at sea , apparently . 
 and my lady trevick was left very well off , you can be sure . ' 
 ` a successful career ! ' 
 commended ravella , looking out at the submerged ruins with a kind of awe . 
 trevick half-smiled , and murmured : ` oh , but she came to a bad end . ' 
 ` did she ? 
 i 'm sure she was much too clever for that . ' 
 ` cleverness had nothing to do with it , ' countered trevick . 
 ` fate took a hand . ' 
 ` fate ! ' 
 ` fate , ' he affirmed . 
 ` you see , this last husband had a sister who loved her brother dearly , and after he was reported dead she had a dream that his ghost came into her bedroom , drew back the curtains of her bed and announced in a hollow voice that he had been murdered by his wife ! 
 well of course this sister went into fits , and told everybody who would listen what she 'd seen -- and since lady trevick was never much liked , public opinion got up against her . 
 a party gathered together and stormed up here demanding to search the house , which they did , bursting open every door of every single room . 
 there were seven hundred rooms by all accounts , but three doors were sealed up , so they were broken down , and inside each were discovered the bodies of her three husbands , with their throats cut . ' 
 ravella was appalled . 
 ` well , but did she escape ? ' 
 ` oh , no , ' said he , ` because the devil came and dragged her screaming down into the sea , and the house with her , which is the legend of how it comes to be offshore now , under the water . ' 
 ravella shuddered , and eyed the waves warily . 
 ` what a pretty fairytale ! 
 i knew i dreaded the sea for a reason . 
 what bad ends come of it ! ' 
 trevick laughed and thoughtlessly put his arm around her shoulders . 
 ` do n't tell me i 've undone all my good work already ? 
 there 's nothing bad about the sea really , only the things we associate with it . 
 you see , i always link the shoreline here with happy days . 
 this is where i learned to swim as a child , and to sail off the point , and to dive out at the ruin . 
 they 're all fond memories . 
 the sea is what you make of it . ' 
 ravella frowned . 
 she was caught up in contemplating just one of those mysteries that she usually shunned when they hovered near ; but perhaps it was about time she addressed these vexing matters . 
 ` yes , ' she said , ` you 're right . 
 it 's no good me dreading the sea , when i could make him into my ally after all . ' 
 -- and she took a resolution , then and there , that she would never suffer herself to be caught out by ghosts , sisters , rabbles or the devil himself , at any time . 
 now turning to trevick , she said they would both have the sea as their escape in future . 
 ` escape ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` yes , from unwanted thoughts . ' 
 she began to pick her way down the slope to the beach again , mentioning casually over her shoulder : ` i heard from clare the other day , ' because she knew exactly where she wanted his thoughts to be . 
 he frowned at the uncalled-for remembrance , and did not reply or follow her . 
 ravella blithely continued . 
 ` she seems content enough with guy laurence . 
 i hope he makes her happy . ' 
 trevick brooded further , and folded his arms . 
 ravella , having reached the shingle , looked up at him and laughed . 
 ` i 'm being impertinent , ' she said , ` so while i 'm about it , can i ask an impertinent question ? ' 
 ` do you usually need permission ? ' 
 ` no , but it usually obliges a reply . 
 the question is this : has the sea mended your broken heart yet ? ' 
 he smiled grimly . 
 ` you were never in love , were you , ravella ? ' 
 ` oh ho ! 
 why do you say that ? ' 
 ` because you 're too blunt . 
 you do n't know what it 's like to have your moods changed against your will -- or at least , you do n't remember . ' 
 he made his way down towards her . 
 ` i 'll have to treat you with kid gloves , then , ' she said , ` if you 're still so sore and sensitive . ' 
 ` i did n't say i was -- i only said that you are too blunt . 
 but perhaps you have been in love , and you 've learned to hide it well . ' 
 ` perhaps i have . ' 
 ` i wonder what you 're like in love ? ' 
 she considered . 
 ` dizzy , i suppose , ' she decided . 
 ` but you 're dizzying now ! ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` you dizzy me ! ' 
 ` that says more about you being in love than me , ' she told him , ` with clare . ' 
 ` am i ! ' 
 he replied , and pursued her as she stepped off to the water 's edge . 
 ` so if i 'm in love , as you say , what am i feeling ? ' 
 ` however would i know ? ' 
 ` you told me that love is dizzy , and i 'm dizzy -- so tell me what else i 'm feeling . ' 
 ` it 's not for me to say . ' 
 ` do you mean you do n't know ? 
 you 've never been in love ? ' 
 she turned her head aside . 
 ` then you do n't remember , ' he pressed . 
 ` oh , i remember , ' she began , and was about to continue , but , looking out over the waves , was distracted , and remained silent . 
 maybe she recalled a time , longsince passed , when a man carried her in his arms and the air was full of bells ; or times when they would go looking for shells on the wet rocks in hot stormy weather ; or when the moon shone red and the corn-stubble hurt their feet ; or when she watched his cloudy breath while they stood on a jetty -- but then , maybe her mind wandered on none of these things , and she merely feigned contemplation while she gazed at the foam trickling amongst the pebbles . 
 coming to herself , she noticed trevick standing very near , watching her face , and glanced at him slyly . 
 he said quietly : ` so you have been in love before , and you remember all about it . 
 but i wonder whether , having loved once , it 's possible to love again ? ' 
 he gazed at her earnestly . 
 ` i ca n't tell , ' she answered , with an ingenuous look . 
 ` could you ever love again , after clare ? ' 
 he paused , and regarded her a moment . 
 ` i think so , ' he said , and awaited her response , which , not being forthcoming , prompted him to ask : ` and what about you , ravella ? ' 
 ` i was never in love with clare . ' 
 ` oh , do n't laugh at me ! ' 
 he complained . 
 ` tell me , do you think you could fall in love again ? ' 
 but she dodged him with : ` oh , my aunt will be worrying about me , ' -- and attempted to slip by , but he caught her arm and pulled her near . 
 ` well ? ' 
 ` well , ' she smiled archly , ` we shall see , sha n't we ? ' 
 -- and with that she darted away , leaving him to chew over the exchange on his own . 
 this romantic episode buoyed up ravella 's expectations no end , and she fairly skipped back to mrs. manderville 's guesthouse in a jubilee . 
 ` goodness me ! ' 
 cried that lady on seeing her . 
 ` who 's had some success today , then ? ' 
 ` i have , i have ! ' 
 she rejoined , dancing around the kitchen . 
 ` my hook is in his mouth , the bait is swallowed -- one tug and i 'll land him , just see if i do n't ! ' 
 ` and what will you do with him then ? ' 
 ` what a question ! 
 he 's a millionaire , is n't he ? ' 
 ` i did n't ask what you 'll do with his money , ' she returned . 
 ` i said , what will you do with him ? ' 
 ` oh , as to that , ' ravella replied carelessly , ` i 'll make him happy . ' 
 a mischievous glint sparkled in her eye . 
 ` i 'll kill him with happiness , ' -- with which she went upstairs to plan her final tug . 
 during her sojourn in hurlevor , ravella had become friendly with some leading members of the parish hunt , whose maligned collective were only too pleased to avail themselves of a listening ear , into which they could pour the history of their woes , namely , how their sport had fallen so terribly out of fashion . 
 they regaled her with details of lurid placards , expensive court cases , jeering youths frighting the horses and mothers throwing their children under the hooves by way of protest . 
 ravella listened so adroitly to all of this that she was soon looked upon as a first-rate supporter of the sporting cause , though in truth she had never once opened her mouth to give an opinion on the topic . 
 however , she now decided to use this newly formed connexion as the instrument of her conquest of trevick . 
 she began to occupy herself with the hunt more and more often , to the exclusion of time she might otherwise , perhaps , have spent with him , and this denied him the hoped-for opportunity of reprising those interesting subjects that had sprung up in conversation before . 
 thus she kept him in intrigued suspense , for although she contrived to accidentally encounter him almost daily , it always happened that she was late for something , and could not stay . 
 but it is a subtle exercise to generate want by denial , because if the denial continues too long , then the wanting turns bitter , and unprofitable -- and it would never do for trevick to tire of chasing after her . 
 so she looked out for an opportunity to really secure him , force him to declare love outright , and thus attach himself to her utterly . 
 as it happened , the hunt also provided this opportunity . 
 trevick had mentioned , while eagerly attempting to secure another interview , that he did not approve of fox hunting because of its barbarity . 
 this was a boon to ravella , who saw that to vex him by crossing his opinions would only make him more anxious to change hers . 
 one day she encountered mr. bull , the leader of the hurlevor hunt , a bluff and hearty man who regaled her with : ` well it 's no good , is it , my lass ? 
 no good at all ! ' 
 in the broadest tones . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 said ravella . 
 ` damn foxes 've all buggered off , ' ave n't they ? 
 shafts our meetin ' this weekend though , dunnit ? 
 pretty buggered , i 'd say ! ' 
 his colourful assessment of the situation was true enough . 
 perhaps the foxes of the neighbourhood were every part as wily as their reputation suggested , and had forsaken the groves and hedgerows of hurlevor for the far more enticing luxuries of the dustbins and rubbish tips of the city ; or perhaps the wildlife in the area was generally depleted by the farmers ' use of badger-poisons and pesticides ; whatever it was , the result was the same , that mr. bull was at a loss to find anything to hunt , though the horses and hounds were as primed as could be . 
 ` i guess , ' he sighed , ` it 'll have to be a drag , again . ' 
 ` oh no , ' said ravella , ` i 'm sure you 'll still have a bracing time of it . ' 
 ` what 's that you say , my lover ? ' 
 he returned , misunderstanding her misunderstanding . 
 ` i mean drag-hunt , do n't i ? 
 buggerin ' pointless though , if you ask me . ' 
 this expedient , a sack of aniseed or somesuch dragged across the countryside for a scent in lieu of genuine vermin , was often employed in the absence of decent game , or to appease protestors . 
 when he explained this to her , ravella hit upon a plan , and mused aloud : ` oh dear , it must be terribly trying for you , to be always finding new courses to drag the sack along ? ' 
 ` bloody right it is ! 
 if you 're not careful , you end up with the same buggerin ' chase every time , 's pecially round ' ere with that milord trevick owning everything you see , or buying it up as soon as you so much as look at it . 
 an ' he wo n't have us on his land , see ? 
 miserable bugger as he is . ' 
 ` oh ! 
 well , ' replied ravella brightly , ` if that 's all it is , there 's nothing in it ! 
 james trevick and me are like two peas in a pod , and i 'm sure he 'll be delighted to help me out , even if not you . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 said mr. bull . 
 ` and how might that be ? ' 
 ravella linked her arm in his . 
 ` if you would be so sweet as to let me join the meeting , just this once , and lend me your fine gelding luca and some tackle , then i 'm sure i could prevail upon milord trevick to let us take the drag hunt over his land , even up to his front door , if i was of the party . ' 
 ` i bet you could , too , you little darlin ' you ! 
 i reckon you 've got him right where you want him , ' ave n't you ? 
 well you can have what you like , my lover , just give me the nod , like . ' 
 -- and here he fixed his ruddy eye upon her damask cheeks with a new fervour . 
 he was a man who knew a fit little filly when he saw one . 
 ravella certainly hoped that she did have trevick where she wanted him , and determined to try her power that very weekend . 
 of course she did not ask his permission , but blithely gave instructions for the course to be laid all the way up to hurlevor point itself . 
 in the early hours of the following sunday morning the hunt met beneath overcast skies and drizzle . 
 summer , contrary to expectations , had not bloomed and blown into rosy heat , but had chilled in the bud and taken mildew ; the gloomiest july had led onto a grey august . 
 nevertheless , mr. bull 's blood was up , the horses stamped and snorted , the hounds bayed , ran about and whelped with excitement , and everybody chatted and nodded and complained about this and that -lrb- as everybody feels comfortable in a crowd , when complaining -rrb- and a few straggling protestors turned out for form 's sake . 
 ravella appeared , bewitching in her pinks and astride the handsome chestnut luca , handy with her crop . 
 mr. bull whistled low , spat , sucked in his gut and trotted over . 
 ` that 's an ' appy horse , lass , ' he hallooed her , ` with you astride him . ' 
 ` i 'm sure , ' said ravella . 
 ` good morning . ' 
 ` would you like to blow my horn , my lover ? ' 
 he enquired next . 
 ` i beg your pardon ? ' 
 she asked , dismayed , and he produced the brass instrument . 
 ` get them pretty lips of yours round that , ' he suggested , with a wink , and proffered it . 
 ravella accepted her fate and performed the office , resigned to suffer these subtle advances all morning . 
 ` that was a good ' un ! ' 
 he congratulated her , and the pack set off on the trail , the horses cantering behind . 
 the hounds clamouring and horses stamping made a bright spectacle of the hunt on such an otherwise indifferent day , and the refreshing exercise made them a jolly crowd -- though the lack of a definite quarry tended to diffuse any urgency . 
 this did not annoy ravella , however , since she had a quarry indeed ; but her companion did not stint to voice his grumbles , in between a volley of flirtatious noises . 
 they followed the trail , and the speed increased as the dogs ran ahead . 
 they nipped in at the gate to hurlevor point , chasing through the woods eagerly . 
 the horses bounded behind , taking the hedges easily and cantering up the drive , across the lawn . 
 ravella spied the house and smiled . 
 bull said : ` this is rare going , you managed it good and proper my darlin ' ! ' 
 as he skidded through a flowerbed . 
 the hunt thundered on , up to the very windows of the old house , at one of which appeared a surprised face , and then , shortly , an outraged figure at the door , pulling on his shirt -- james trevick ran out in alarm to be immediately swamped by noses and tongues and wagging tails . 
 shouting at the riders in a passion and waving his arms he drove them on , with invectives against their audacity , which the huntsmen took to be a most uncouth display . 
 three mares galloped past him and hared away up the coast path , shooing the pack along , and then the bulk of the rout hurried behind and veered to the housefront . 
 ` what the hell do you think you 're doing ? ' 
 yelled the owner , with other , more colourful phrases , ` get off my land ! ' 
 and ` get out ! ' 
 the tamer among them . 
 ` tight-fisted bastard , ' commented bull , ` changing his mind and thinking we 'll all jump to his tune ! 
 what 's he at , aye ? 
 what 's he reckon he 's doing ? ' 
 -- and he turned to ravella for a confirmation of his opinion , but her horse luca suddenly seemed to shy as she was about to speak . 
 trevick spotted her and ran over , frowning ; the gelding reared , snorted , bucked , and ravella dropped like a stone from the saddle . 
 trevick cried out , appalled , and reaching her , fell to her side . 
 she did not move . 
 bull waved his arm at the others approaching . 
 ` she 's thrown , the lass is thrown , ' he called , and caught luca 's rein . 
 ravella was still . 
 trevick patted her face to no avail . 
 ` what 's the matter with her ? 
 stunned ? ' 
 asked bull , circling them . 
 the other ignored him , and pulled back ravella 's eyelid , whereon she stirred a little , and seemed to revive . 
 ` are you hurt ? ' 
 he asked urgently . 
 ` can you feel any pain ? ' 
 she shook her head a little , groggily ; he loosened her helmet . 
 ` what you doing , man ? ' 
 started bull . 
 ` leave her be ! ' 
 ` fetch the doctor , one of you ! ' 
 ordered trevick by way of reply . 
 ravella raised her hand vaguely . 
 ` she 's fine , see ? ' 
 retorted bull . 
 ` brave girl as she is ! 
 what , reckon she 's had harder knocks than that before now ! 
 how 's your head , then , my little lover ? ' 
 he cooed from the saddle . 
 she tried to rise , but swayed uncertainly . 
 trevick assisted her . 
 ` come on , ' he said , ` i 'll take you inside and ring for help , if none of these fine horsemen can be bothered to go . ' 
 mr. bull , seeing his chance of a becoming gallantry in jeopardy , took affront and immediately insisted that , as hunt leader , he was personally responsible for her welfare . 
 ` well then , as hunt leader , ' returned trevick , full of wrath , ` you can also be responsible for getting this goddamn circus off my land ! ' 
 this nettled bull , who handed the reins to another and jumped down to pursue the retreating trevick and his ward . 
 ` what 's this nonsense all about , then ? ' 
 he demanded generally , and then , to ravella : ` you do n't want to be going in with him , my lover , you 'd do better off staying with us ! 
 at least your friends know how to have a laugh ! ' 
 he pursued them indoors . 
 trevick settled ravella on a hallway bench and turned around sharply . 
 ` i do n't think much of your `` laughs . '' 
 at least she has one friend who 's prepared to look after her when she 's hurt ! ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 cried bull . 
 ` you 're too high on yourself , that 's all you are ! 
 she do n't need none of your help , and that 's a fact . 
 do you , my pretty ' un ? ' 
 ` i suppose you 're leaving ? ' 
 said trevick surlily , with a scowl . 
 the two men squared up to one another . 
 ` you know what 's wrong with you ? ' 
 said bull . 
 ` you 're full of it , that 's what ! 
 you reckon with your bit of money every sod 's gon na kow-tow , but i wo n't , see ? 
 now , what you got to say about that , aye ? 
 and what 's more , that lass wo n't , neither . 
 she do n't need your kind muscling in ! ' 
 ` and you think she wants yours any better ? ' 
 ` me and her 's as thick as you like , ' asserted bull then . 
 ` and that being so , i reckon i know how to look after her better than some young brachet with more money than balls ! ' 
 trevick 's lip curled contemptuously , while his interlocutor , presuming that his last shot had decided the battle , regaled ravella to join him . 
 ` you just come along with me , i 'll show you how a real gentleman should treat you . ' 
 he tugged on her arm , which she snatched weakly away . 
 ` leave her alone ! ' 
 commanded trevick then , moving between them . 
 ` what , there 's nothing wrong with her ! 
 i saw her come off , did n't i ? 
 she did n't come to no harm -- like an acrobat , she was ! ' 
 -- at which assertion ravella gave a languid sigh , and that signal of distress sent trevick the short distance to the end of his tether . 
 he took bull by the collar , kicked him out of doors , and , with the threat of further manhandling , drove the poor fellow out of his sight . 
 hurrying back to ravella , he knelt down beside her and asked how she felt . 
 she smiled and gently answered : ` rescued . ' 
 ` i 'm glad i only had to rescue you from john bull , though , ' he said seriously . 
 ` ravella , when you came off that horse and did n't get up -- god , i thought -- i feared the worst . ' 
 at these words ravella took his hand in hers and said : ` thank you . ' 
 ` what for ? ' 
 ` for your concern . ' 
 trevick started to his feet . 
 ` my concern ! 
 ravella , you say it as though i were some stranger , just passing by ! 
 i hope you know it was more than common concern i felt . ' 
 but he stopped , as she gazed on him with enormous , bright eyes . 
 a tender smile touched his lips . 
 ` can you guess what i felt ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 ` do you know what i feel ? ' 
 ` i failed mind-reading at school , ' she replied , ` but i hope we 're friends , james . ' 
 he turned away abruptly with a frown . 
 ` yes , yes , ' he said impatiently , ` friends , but -- ravella , ravella ! 
 what am i supposed to make of you ? ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` that 's easy . 
 i 'm refreshing . 
 whenever somebody wants to say something about me , they usually say i 'm -lrb- with a pause -rrb- refreshing . ' 
 trevick shook his head vigorously . 
 ` no , these somebodies are wrong , you 're not refreshing , ravella , you 're the reverse , you 're -- you 're stifling . ' 
 ` oh ! ' 
 said ravella , a little put out . 
 ` no , i mean intoxicating , ' he argued . 
 ` you -- you get into my breath , i 'm always breathing in ravella . ' 
 he watched her earnestly , hoping she would understand him , but she gave him no openings ; he must bring himself out . 
 he knelt down again . 
 ` were you hurt when you fell ? ' 
 he probed . 
 she was guarded by an inscrutable , serene expression . 
 ` i 'm feeling much better , ' she said . 
 he was thwarted by that , and began again . 
 ` i should tell you , ravella , i want to tell you -- about -- what i think -- what i feel . ' 
 she stared back impassively . 
 he reiterated : ` what i feel -- what i feel about clare . ' 
 ` about clare ! ' 
 started ravella , in spite of her poise . 
 he nodded . 
 ` yes , what i feel about clare . 
 what i feel about her , ravella , is -- different . ' 
 she interrupted him . 
 ` i think you should discuss your feelings about clare with clare herself . ' 
 ` yes , yes i will , ' he said . 
 ` i mean to speak to her . 
 but i also have to speak to you , ravella , because , as i say , what i feel about her -- felt about her -- is different to what i feel about you . ' 
 she regarded him coolly . 
 ` is it ? 
 well , that is n't surprising , james . 
 you were in love with clare , after all . ' 
 ` was i ? ' 
 ` you were thinking of marrying her . ' 
 ` i was -- but this is what i 'm trying to tell you : it 's all different , i 'm all upended . 
 i 'm not the same as i used to be . ' 
 he watched for some flicker of response , doubting whether he would find it . 
 ravella did not speak . 
 he jumped up . 
 ` i ca n't explain it to you , ' he told her , running his hand through his hair . 
 ` wait a moment . ' 
 he darted upstairs , and almost immediately returned . 
 ` will you read this ? ' 
 ravella took the paper , half unfolded it , saw verse lines , and dropped it . 
 ` a poem ! ' 
 she said , standing . 
 ` oh , no , i never could read them . 
 i suppose it 's all mermen dragging up the seaweed , and mermaids luring ships onto the rocks . ' 
 ` no , it is n't , ' he said urgently , picking it up and handing it again . 
 ` i ca n't explain any other way -- please read it . ' 
 ravella looked at his anxious face and smiled inwardly . 
 ` i wonder what it says ? ' 
 she mused , as she re-folded the paper gingerly into his palm . 
 ` i wonder if you can tell me yourself , james ? ' 
 -- and with that , she left him . 
 but as she closed the front door , he instantly opened it again and called in her wake : ` i 'll come round tonight -- i 'll come round , i 'll tell you ! ' 
 she turned and nodded , and then proceeded back to mrs. manderville 's with the very taste of victory on her lips . 
 as soon as she arrived at the guesthouse , she cried out : ` mrs. manderville ! 
 quickly ! 
 run me a bath , bring my vanity case and pull out the black chanel -- i have to look astonishing ! ' 
 ` lor ' , whatever 's the matter ? ' 
 returned the landlady , caught up in the drama . 
 ` you been kissing frogs , miss ? ' 
 ` and getting princes , too , ' replied ravella . 
 ` now what about my varnishes , where have i left them ? 
 a french polish will do better than colours , men always think it 's natural . ' 
 -- and she ran to her room to rummage over the dressing table . 
 mrs. manderville panted up after her . 
 ` what 's going on , though ? 
 all this fuss 's not for nothing -- i reckon you 've got that man of yours , have n't you ? ' 
 ` of course i have ! ' 
 she declared . 
 ` he 's coming here later to tell me all about it , how he never understood love until he met me , how he 's never felt this way before , how he 'll die if he ca n't have me , et cetera , et cetera ! ' 
 ` you 're very sure of it . ' 
 ` oh , i 've heard it all before -- and poet or no poet , it 's amazing how every man sounds the same when he 's fallen in love . ' 
 mrs. manderville folded her arms . 
 ` you want to be careful , my darlin ' , in case you mistake him . 
 i 've found you always think you know where you are with a man , but when it comes to it , you ca n't rely on him , nor trust him . ' 
 ` nonsense ! ' 
 ravella pouted . 
 ` it only takes him coming over here and he 'll love me -- and from that it 's a small jump to a wedding , and then , of course , the game 's up . 
 you 'd be surprised how gullible people are , in the main . ' 
 ` well i do n't hold by that , miss. . 
 it 's true some folks are gullible enough , but for the rest of us , well , it just do n't follow . 
 oh , by the way , what have you noticed that 's different ? 
 the new bed ! 
 nice , ai n't it ? 
 i 've had new beds ordered for all the rooms , see , on credit . ' 
 ` you 're an astute woman , mrs. manderville , ' said ravella , smiling , ` and it 's a lovely bed . 
 priceless . ' 
 now she began to apply herself to the exquisite mysteries of her toilet , and in this occupation absorbed herself entirely . 
 meantime , her landlady went about to fasten up the windows , as a cold wind was stealing in off the water and the waves had grown choppy . 
 dusk fell early , whereupon she switched on the porch light to guide the path of the anticipated guest . 
 at last ravella descended , smouldered into the front parlour and cast a blazing glance around . 
 mrs. manderville threw up her hands . 
 ` well i never ! 
 if he did n't love you before , my dear , he certainly will now ! ' 
 ` of course he will , it 's what i intend . 
 now , how about a drink then , my good mrs. m ? 
 no , though -- i 'll do without , i 'll wait awhile -- but then he might come -- no , fetch me a gin and tonic . ' 
 with this deliberation she sat down to await his arrival , the hinge of all her designs . 
 she expected him every moment , certain of his eagerness , and supposed every rattle of the door , induced by the wind , to be his knock , every roll of the breakers to be bringing him nearer . 
 ` well , ' said mrs. manderville , who had already put away half a bottle and was feeling rosy , ` he 's certainly taking his time ! ' 
 ` give him leave to practice what he 's going to say , ' snapped ravella . 
 ` he does n't want to put a foot wrong for fear of offending me . ' 
 ` it 's stirring up pretty rough tonight , though . 
 i do n't suppose he 'll come . ' 
 ` he ca n't help it ! ' 
 she asserted . 
 ` listen ! 
 that 's his step now . 
 you go let him in , and he can surprise me here reading . 
 do n't let him smell your breath -- be quick , he 's knocking -- no , do n't answer too quickly , let him wait -- what are you waiting for ? ' 
 james trevick it was . 
 he appeared stern and purposeful , his dark locks tossed by the wind , his eyes passionate and intense . 
 mrs. manderville 's heart took a flutter just seeing him , and she obeyed meekly when he desired to see ravella . 
 ` oh ! 
 james , ' ravella said , looking up from a newspaper . 
 ` so you did come after all . 
 thank you , mrs. manderville . ' 
 the ogling landlady closed the door . 
 ` would you like to -- ' she resumed , but he cut in . 
 ` i 've come here for a reason , ravella . ' 
 ` oh yes , ' she replied , impressed by his fervent manner . 
 ` it seems you 're very eager about it . ' 
 ` very eager , ' he agreed in a low voice , scrutinising her face . 
 ravella felt a little conscious of his avid attention , and sauntered over to the mantelpiece to evade it ; but his intense look betrayed his deep emotion , and she thrilled at her conquest . 
 ` what is it you have to say ? ' 
 she asked gently , taking up a small clock and turning the minute hand with her fingertip . 
 ` i suppose you 've come to tell me -- ' ` i 've come to tell you how much i hate and resent you , ravella ! ' 
 she gasped and turned , dropping the clock , which smashed on the grate . 
 he advanced towards her vehemently . 
 ` and in case you mean to mistake me , ' he said , ` i repeat hate and resent . 
 do n't speak to me , ' he warned , as she attempted to reply . 
 ` i do n't want to hear anything more from you -- any more lies , any more half-truths , anything at all . 
 i know what you are , ravella -- i 've caught you out . 
 i know what you 've done , and what you 've tried to do -- and i detest it , and i detest you . ' 
 he pressed his face close to hers , and , appalled , she tried to dart away , but he caught her arm and yanked her back . 
 ` no , you 're not going , not until you 've heard me ! 
 i say i know what you are , and i 'm going to tell you to your face . 
 i 've spoken to clare -- i spoke to her today for the first time since we broke up . 
 i wanted to apologise for what 's happened between us , make amends with the past , because i thought -- god ! 
 i thought i was in love with you ! 
 but i 'm not blind or stupid enough not to think about what she said to me , how she blamed herself , and how you acted in it all . 
 oh , she was taken in , and still is , but i could see through it , i could see how you split us up , ravella , made us both miserable , out of pure spite . 
 and then i began thinking about how you 've led me on , how you happened to meet me in hurlevor , how you 've contrived to make me like you , to make me love you . 
 well , i had my suspicions , and they 're all confirmed . 
 you 're poisonous , ravella , and loving you would be taking the poison . 
 you 're a vicious little fortune-hunter with a heart of brass and the mind of a sphinx -- i 'm sure you congratulated yourself on my coming here and telling you i love you , and laughing all the way to the bank -- but it wo n't happen -- i 've found you out , and you 're finished ! ' 
 breathless , she reeled back from him , and managed to stutter : ` ca n't i even defend myself ? ' 
 ` defend ! ' 
 he raged . 
 ` defend what you 've done ? 
 how could you defend it , to clare , to me ? 
 do n't you think i wanted to love you , do n't you think it hurts me ? 
 do n't you even care ? 
 i thought that what i felt for clare was false , because what i felt for you was stronger and more changing -- but she is true and you are false , and all i 'm left with is a lie ! ' 
 ` but what about clare , ' gasped ravella , ` she 's mistaken -- you 're mistaken -- ' ` you ca n't argue your way out of it ! ' 
 he bellowed . 
 ` it 's lies feeding on lies , you know it is ! 
 look at you there , with your made-up face and your smart clothes -- you 're just a lie ! ' 
 he made a dismissive gesture with his hand , which caught the comb in her hair , knocked it free and unbound her studied coiffure . 
 with that contemptuous sign he quit the room , leaving ravella stunned at the devastation of all her plans . 
 she sank to the floor in a stupor . 
 mrs. manderville rushed in immediately on his leaving and dropped down beside her . 
 ` what is it ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 she clamoured , though really she had heard it all at the door . 
 ravella started up wildly and yanked at her dishevelled hair . 
 ` i 'm caught ! 
 i 'm blocked ! 
 i 'm ruined ! 
 fetch me the gin ! ' 
 -- screamed in a hysterical tone that brooked no refusal . 
 the wind had stoked up very high and the waves were crashing heavily against the quay -- it was a fretful night without and a fretful night within . 
 ravella gnashed and ground her teeth , and was only partially soothed by the restorative spirit , and that in vast quantities . 
 the hour grew late before her ire diminished to coherence . 
 mrs. manderville attempted to console her . 
 ` do n't take it so hard , my darlin ' , he did n't mean all he said . ' 
 ` what ? 
 did you hear him ? 
 did you hear what he called me ? 
 a lie ! 
 a liar ! 
 well , why should i deny it ? 
 the noblest form of communication ! 
 society lives on lies , and he 's as bad as me , as bad as anyone . 
 poet ? 
 hah ! 
 liar ! ' 
 ravella paced the room like a tigress caged , swigging from the bottle , her hair streaming wildly down her back and her eyes glancing confusedly about . 
 ` a sphinx , he called me ! 
 i wish i were , so i would n't have been cornered by the likes of him ! 
 how could he attack me like that ? 
 where was my tongue ? 
 what could i say ? 
 what have i done -- butchered his mother and slept with his father ? 
 a little self-interest , that 's all -- i was n't born with a silver spoon in my mouth ! 
 he would n't even hear me -- he does n't know me , or how i feel in the matter -- i 'd have made him happier than he knows , and it 's all thrown away on a scruple ! ' 
 ` he did n't want to hear you , my love , ' put in mrs. manderville . 
 ` he 's afraid of you . 
 i 'll wager he 's all bluff , and really he hopes you love him . 
 he wanted to teach you a lesson . ' 
 ` he said i have a heart of brass ! ' 
 cried ravella . 
 ` what kind of rubbish is that ? 
 my heart 's as much muscle as anyone 's ! 
 it 's too harsh -- i still remember how to feel , and he 's stung me sharp enough . 
 a fortune hunter ! 
 well , but at least i have a talent , an ambition -- i do n't waste my days hammering out miserable rhymes ! ' 
 ` dry your eyes , now . 
 he 's not worth your tears , and nor 's his money , since he must come with it . ' 
 ` poison , he said ! 
 i 'll give him poison ! 
 a strychnine cocktail , and see how he fares on that ! 
 hates and resents me , does he ? 
 how have i deserved hate ? 
 hate ! 
 when i 've made him happy ! 
 and is n't a world of happiness worth a little pocket money in return ? 
 i would have listened to him , talked to him , cared for him , amused him , laughed at his jokes , soothed his hurts , bolstered his ego , doted on his paltry poetry -- oh , i know all the tricks , do n't i ? 
 but that 's not enough for him , he wants all this and nothing in return -- the pattern of a man ! 
 but what else could i give , what could i promise ? 
 and all for what ? 
 hatred ! 
 resentment ! ' 
 ` now , now , do n't fret -- and nevermind what he says about hating . 
 i do n't reckon that 's worth the breath he said it with , for all his bellowing . 
 i may not be so sharp as you , my lover , but i 'll tell you this , i 've lived longer , and i 've seen enough of men in my time to know that they only ever hate what they 're afraid of , or what they ca n't have -- anything above that , and they 're just too lazy for it . 
 i 'll bet he 's no different . 
 he says hate loud enough , oh , and resentment too , but it 's because he 's afraid of you , my dear . 
 he 's head over in love with you , and that 's a fact , though he says hate to hide it . 
 he loves you , but he 's gotten a bad opinion of you , so he 's afraid of who he 's in love with , and reckons he ca n't do with you anymore . 
 but the truth is , he ca n't do without you , my lover , so he rattles on about hate because he knows if he does n't , he 'll be rattling on about love instead . 
 i suppose resentment is true enough , but only that he resents loving you too much . ' 
 ravella looked up in a kind of wonder at these words , but just then , in a roar of the gale , as a heavy breaker crashed against the harbour-stones , there came a decided knock upon the front door , a heavy rapping that demanded attention . 
 the women froze . 
 ` who is it ? ' 
 cried ravella , in a voice of awe . 
 ` who would come out in that storm ? ' 
 her mind , upset already , began to race on ghosts and fairytales , and the devil coming out of the sea . 
 the knock repeated -- the suppliant persisted still . 
 ` oh ! 
 i 've no doubt it 's your mr. trevick again ! ' 
 declared mrs. manderville , ` come back with his apologies , and all about how he 's been eating his heart with remorse and loving you . 
 mark my words ! ' 
 she hurried to the front door , while ravella , in a fit of anxiety that it must be something far worse , tagged along behind , tugging at her sleeve . 
 the bolt turned , the door snapped open with a gust and a person tumbled in upon them . 
 ravella exclaimed , and the stranger , on looking up , exclaimed too , before flying to embrace her gleefully . 
 it was clare belmont , much windswept and travel-weary , though nonetheless enthusiastic for having happened upon her dear friend . 
 ` ravella ! ' 
 she cried , drawing salt-damp hair from her face . 
 ` so this is where you 've been hiding ! 
 i 've found you out at last -- and i only came in to ask the way ! ' 
 ` ask the way ! ' 
 repeated ravella . 
 ` why , where are you going ? ' 
 ` to hurlevor point , of course ! 
 oh , ravella , we 've made up -- we 're going to make a go of it ! 
 i 'm so happy ! 
 he asked me down , and of course i 've come -- oh , ravella ! ' 
 she hugged her friend again . 
 ` i love him so much ! ' 
 ` but -- wait , ' gasped ravella , ` what do you mean , when did all this happen ? ' 
 ` just now -- a hundred years ago ! ' 
 she enthused . 
 ` he called me this afternoon -- i was so glad to hear from him ! 
 he said he was sorry for being so cold , but hoped i 'd be happy with guy -- with guy ! 
 well , i told him i 've never felt anything for guy , not like i feel for him -- and he was surprised , and we got talking -- and talking and talking and talking ! 
 oh , it was just like we used to be ! 
 then he said he had to think , and we said goodbye . 
 that left me biting my nails , you can imagine -- but then later he called again , and we talked again , and i told him i still love him , and he said he 'd made a big mistake -- that he had to see me -- and he was so sweet , ravella , i just jumped in the car , and , well -- here i am ! ' 
 the course of this gabble was met by a silent gape from ravella , who waited out its conclusion aghast , before managing to stutter : ` but this is so sudden , clare ! 
 i mean -- clare ! 
 does he -- love you ? ' 
 she was hugged again . 
 ` oh yes , i 'm sure of it , ravella , so sure ! ' 
 ` sure ! 
 but you were sure before ! ' 
 ` and i was right before , too . 
 although he got himself jealous and all , he still loved me , did n't he ? 
 this proves it ! ' 
 ` proof ! 
 love ! 
 i -- i do n't know what to say ! ' 
 ` i know ! ' 
 agreed clare . 
 ` i 'm speechless myself ! ' 
 ` but clare , ' rounded ravella sternly , though avoiding her eyes , ` is n't this being too hasty ? 
 you do n't know what he really feels -- what if he hurts you again ? 
 what about guy ? 
 what does he feel ? 
 at least you can depend on guy , at least guy loves you openly . 
 besides , he 's so kind , so handsome -- really i ca n't escape the idea of how happy you 'd be staying with guy ! ' 
 clare laughed and kissed her friend 's cheek . 
 ` ravella , i know you 're concerned about me and want me to be safe , but i ca n't be safe , i ca n't be content without james . 
 i know i ought to be with guy , i know what 's sensible , and comfortable -- but i do n't want that , i ca n't make do with it -- i must have james ! 
 even if he makes me miserable every day forever , i 'll be happier sobbing my heart out for him , than being settled with guy ! ' 
 ` you only say that because you 're in a flurry , ' snapped ravella . 
 ` no , ' replied the other , ` you only say that , because you 've never loved , ravella , not really loved , like i love james . 
 if you had , you 'd understand that i ca n't be cold , i ca n't reason out my emotions , and i ca n't be content -- i must , must have james ! ' 
 now ravella frowned darkly . 
 ` i have loved , ' she countered , ` so i know what you 've told yourself . 
 but nowadays i have nothing to do with it , and can reason all my emotions if i will . 
 look at what your love has done to me . ' 
 but clare was already rushing away , having gleaned the direction from mrs. manderville , who stood agog the while . 
 now turning a last kiss and a ` wish me luck , ' upon her friend , the love-struck lady vanished once more into the night , to fly to her amorous rendezvous . 
 no sooner had the bolt clicked than ravella , glowering like a wildcat , flung the gin bottle at it , which smashed spectacularly . 
 then she fell down in a rage , and mrs. manderville flew to attend her once more . 
 ` it looks bad , ' she began -- ravella uttered a scream . 
 ` yes my dear , ' she went on , ` but it 's only looks , you know , him casting you off for that daft girlie , ' -lrb- another howl -rrb- ` and making such a meal of it . 
 but it does n't matter , because he does n't love her any more than i do . 
 he wants to love her , without a doubt , and she 's simple enough to think he does , but it is n't true . 
 he loves you , my lover , but he 'd marry her out of sheer pride tomorrow . ' 
 ` love ! ' 
 seethed ravella . 
 ` why does it always ruin me ? 
 i thought i 'd conquered it , but it always bites me back ! ' 
 ` you must make friends with love if he 's to do you any good . 
 use him , do n't force him , and then he 'll give you what you want . ' 
 ` oh , that 's what i tried to do , keep everybody happily in and out of love , while i got exactly what i wanted . 
 but now this ! 
 it 's all wrecked , all my best plans ! ' 
 ` tell me honestly , ' said mrs. manderville then , ` do you really love mr. trevick ? ' 
 ` i tell you i do n't love anyone ! ' 
 she returned . 
 ` and least of all him , now that he 's thrashed me like this ! 
 but i 'll have my revenge -- and serve it up laced with sugar . 
 you 're right , mrs. manderville -- he wants love , and wants me to die of it for him . 
 but i 'm not weak , and i wo n't let him have his way . 
 i shall love him , after my own fashion -- and before i 'm done he 'll hate love as much as i do , and wish he never wanted it ! ' 
 with that she began to ruminate on how she might bring it about , and absorbed herself in this idea so wholly that the small hours and the battling storm outside slipped by unheeded , while she paced and thought . 
 mrs. manderville dozed off in her chair several times over , but whenever she started awake , ravella paced still , involved in dark ideas . 
 at last , however , she came to a pause , as the sun was glittering on the sea , and she looked up contemplatively . 
 the landlady yawned , stretched her arms and asked what she had decided to do . 
 ` nothing , for a while , ' came the slow reply . 
 ` you know there are some kinds of cancer that grow quietly and subtly in the body , and no-one guesses you 're stricken , until suddenly one day you find out -- and you panic at the emergency , but of course you 're already dead . 
 that 's how james trevick shall find it with me . 
 he 'll think himself healthy enough , but all the while he 'll be loving me and hating it , but loving all the same , until i finally strike , overwhelm him , and have my triumph . ' 
 ` it 's like i say myself , ' concurred mrs. manderville , ` you have to make friends with love , if you want to harness him . ' 
 ravella smiled and looked out of the window at the sea . 
 ` i used to be afraid of it , ' she said , ` but now it 's time i tempered him to my will . ' 
 mrs. manderville laughed and went to put on the kettle . 
 ` i daresay once you 've made up your mind , my darlin ' , it 's as good as fate . 
 and it 's more than that -- we 've got allies , see ? 
 after my old man died , i found an old pools ticket hidden in the pocket of his garden trousers , which he 'd left there . 
 and well i never if i did n't win a hundred pound on it ! 
 he was helping me out , see ? 
 and sure enough your old man will see you right too , for all he 's at the bottom of the ocean . 
 somehow he 'll come back for you . ' 
 but ravella did not heed this prattle , as she was curled up fast asleep by the fire , as blissful as a kitten . 
 iv so she waited out the winter , hibernating her powers and leaving them to ferment . 
 the summer languished and palled , the sea grew colder and the flowers in the garden ceased to bloom , but nurtured their seeds ; birds were seen in the sky , soaring a great way off , bidding goodbye to the shore for weeks and months together , pursuing their ritual paths ; the leaves withered and dropped into mulch , concealing the squirrels ' careful stashes and feathering over the beds of sleeping hedgehogs , dormant beneath their spines ; the evenings drew in dark and secretively over cosy homes and drawn curtains , while wanderers donned hats , scarves and mittens . 
 summer was forgotten , and all was still without , and inward looking . 
 closeted in their rooms on the shore at hurlevor point , exposed to the harsh coastal tumults , but warm and close behind shutters and heavy glazing , james trevick and clare belmont made their love anew . 
 apologies , explanations and forgiveness began the reunion , which led on to reiterating their feelings and repeating their vows in a mutually complimentary bliss . 
 trevick did not mention his suspicions of ravella , and clare did not mistrust at all ; they were each too involved in the other to admit of any disparity . 
 the months drew on and clare remained . 
 as the seasons turned they fortified themselves against the inclemency of autumn with bastions of love : pretty looks , tender words and devoted self-involvement . 
 all former distresses were forgotten , and all hint of any discord in the world was ignored , slipping ineffectually from their notice , like the hoarsalt wind from the slate roof tiles . 
 they were benign and blissful , and on the first day of winter he proposed marriage at last , with a romantic flourish , and she gleefully accepted . 
 he wrote a verse on the occasion and read it sweetly ; she caught every word with enthusiasm and answered his rhymes with couplets of kisses . 
 they fixed the date for the following spring . 
 and if he was ever tired of her , or grew fretful of her company , it was only that he was glutted with love ; and if he was cross with her , or stern and moody , it was only that he thought he did not love her enough ; and if he snapped at her and they quarrelled , then it was only that they might have the pleasure of making up -- really , all his ill humour , dissatisfaction and temper were the happy effect of being helplessly in love . 
 but perhaps , sometimes , when walking pensively along the shingle beach , indifferent to the stinging wind and spray , his mind was not always entirely occupied by his bride-to-be . 
 perhaps he would wish she were somewhere else , or something different ; and returning from these lone excursions , perhaps the protestations of adoration he would make were a little too anxious , too eager , though she took them all in earnest . 
 perhaps , sometimes , he would stop short a poem of love abruptly in its composition , deciding it to be too flat , too similar , too hackneyed , not heartfelt . 
 however , at other times , perhaps he would surprise himself by jotting down lines that seemed urgent , fervent , inspired -- but which he would not allow to be read , and would destroy immediately . 
 but then , perhaps he would regret their loss , and find himself repeating those taboo refrains under his breath , though knowing he should not , must not , recall them . 
 and perhaps again , sometimes , he would have dreams -- drowsy , drunken dreams , in which his life transpired differently , in which he felt relaxed and fulfilled , while being teased or provoked by some person who , perhaps , he would forget on waking . 
 perhaps these dreams would seem to infiltrate into his waking day too , suppress them how he may . 
 perhaps , sometimes , they would distract him from his happy devotions to love . 
 once he dreamt that he was swimming in the sea off hurlevor point , sliding through the grey waters without restraint . 
 he swam out to the sunken ruins and dived beneath the surface , plunging downwards until he could see the murky forms of the green walls , the stacks and shapes of reefish ruins . 
 as he swam down to the old house , he saw that through the gaping holes of windows and fractured doorways there were lamps and lights ; yes , the whole place was lit up as if for some fairy masquerade . 
 he slipped nearer , to glide between the broken walls , where all was brilliant and bright with delicate lanterns . 
 they gleamed upon things he had never found before , lying stacked amongst the ruins : polished tables , pier glasses , furnishings ; here , a great sea-bass perused the music stood upon a gilt harpsichord ; here , two starfish manoeuvred around a marble chess-board , set against a bust of nero at a jaunty angle ; and here a troupe of eels danced minuets on the lid of a japan-lacquer cabinet . 
 intrigued , he swam closer , and saw a rakish door among the weeds . 
 he wondered what was behind it , and reached out to take the handle -- when suddenly the door jolted , about to spring open -- a flurry of bubbles bewildered , and a nightmare horror gripped him : he kicked and flailed , swallowing water , as all became a confusion of froth , and he thought he was drowning . 
 but then , amongst the commotion and foam , he glimpsed a form gliding through the water , a mermaid . 
 he heard her singing softly to him , and felt he was drawing to the surface . 
 the water grew calmer as he rose , and he saw the lovely mermaid again , with the face of ravella , before he broke the waves and woke up . 
 now , this dream unsettled him no end , and he could not be quiet all the day for humming ravella 's tune . 
 often and often clare asked him what he was singing , and he said he did not know ; but all the same he knew why he was singing it . 
 he needs must admit to himself , if not aloud , that ravella 's claws were still in his heart , and that the best part of his love for his fiancée , and all the engagement together , was a charade . 
 naturally , this was an idea to drive out all his happiness , so he dreaded to think it for the damage it might do ; and yet it is always the way with thoughts we try to deny , that it is these our minds ever return to , and find ways of expressing . 
 he began to catch himself before calling clare ravella , and whenever this happened took such a jolt of fear that he would redouble his affections , which only pleased clare all the more , though the closer he held her , the more distant she seemed . 
 furthermore , the taboo he set upon his own mind brought out other , stranger effects . 
 for example , on idly glancing from a window or through a doorway , he often fancied he caught a glimpse of a lithe figure darting into the woods , or behind a rock on the beach ; and though it might be the most fleeting impression , he always supposed it was ravella . 
 he even began to think that she was watching the house ; but then , on reflection or investigation , it often transpired that some trick of the light , or the movements of a seagull , or a branch , had fooled him , and never a person at all . 
 nevertheless , the frequency of this delusion fairly maddened him with seeing , and half-seeing , and not seeing , the object that he most desired , and yet dreaded , to really see before him . 
 imagine his surprise , then , when this had become a commonplace fixation , to walk into his kitchen one day to discover the actual ravella stood there . 
 he started as though she were a ghost , as he instantly supposed she must be -- the figment of his dreams grown bold and apparent before his eyes ; but then , surmising his mistake , he was utterly confounded , and stopped short . 
 then clare joined them , full of gaiety , and quickly explained this unusual appearance , a guest in the house . 
 she had gone for a walk , anxious for some exercise on such a bright , crisp day ; but concerned for the damage the salt-air might render to her hair , had steered her steps away from the shore , and strolled instead through the woodland park that surrounded the house on the landward side . 
 it was here that she had unexpectedly encountered ravella , who was engaged in a similar pursuit , it seems . 
 immediately greeting her with great enthusiasm , clare declared that they had been too remiss in not having met sooner , though so nearby . 
 ` i would n't have dreamt of it ! ' 
 laughed ravella . 
 ` as soon as i concluded that all had gone well between you two , i knew i could do you the best favour of friendship by leaving you be . ' 
 ` oh , but how are you , ravella , how have you been ? ' 
 asked clare . 
 ` i 'm so hopeless , i 'm always neglecting you ! ' 
 ` not at all . 
 and i 'm very happy , because you 're so obviously happy too . ' 
 clare embraced her excitedly . 
 ` oh ravella , it 's all so wonderful ! 
 james proposed at last -- and we 're going to be married in the spring ! ' 
 at this ebullient news clare was embraced in her turn , and the friends soon fell into a discussion of the details , until the happy fiancée insisted on inviting her friend back to the house . 
 thus was ravella able to smile benignly at trevick in his own kitchen , while clare made tea . 
 and she smiled quietly again as the gay hostess blithely asserted that , now she had found ravella , she would be sure not to lose her again . 
 trevick , withdrawn into silence , did not relinquish it throughout the visit , which clare fondly excused as his poetic character , given to spells of profundity . 
 meanwhile ravella was at her most bright , lively , and , to him , lovely , though she took no notice of him whatever , and between the women he was not missed . 
 he only sat , rapt in a kind of stupor , too embarrassed to move , and yet anxious to be gone , while the whole day flew away in merry conversation . 
 he occupied the time in admiring and admonishing by turns , inwardly , forcing himself to remember the ill opinion he had conceived of ravella , and chastising himself for liking her . 
 he could not deny that he hated the lovely object of his love , for her deceptions and falsity ; but while this argument swayed his head , his heart rebelled against his own logic . 
 he spent the last hour attempting to speak , but could not conjure any phrase that would both suppress his tender feelings and hide his resentment at once , and still be worth the saying . 
 eventually , though , he opened his mouth to voice some harmless word , when ravella jumped up to say that she must dash back to her dear aunt , who would wonder where she was . 
 he stood up too , and immediately forgot his prepared remark as she turned full upon him and smiled . 
 ` well , congratulations , mr. trevick . ' 
 ` oh , dear ravella , we 're all friends , ' said clare . 
 ` you must call him james . ' 
 ` no , but i like `` trevick '' , ' she returned . 
 ` i 'm very pleased with it , and you should be too , clare . 
 you ought to practice writing it . 
 yes , i 'd almost like to have trevick myself . ' 
 -- whereupon she smiled winningly and departed . 
 having rediscovered her favourite , clare belmont made ravella her constant companion . 
 although she had been perfectly content to forget her friend entirely for months , she now needed a little relief from the magnetism of her fiancé -- which only goes to demonstrate that , though a lover may seem the all-in-all , yet our friends afford a pleasure that can not be done without . 
 she apologised blithely for the neglect , while ravella , to cover her own , pretended that she had spent a while away from hurlevor and had only just returned . 
 this new arrangement between them did nothing to secure trevick 's peace , however ; instead , he was sunk in turmoil . 
 each visit from ravella reinforced his passionate feelings , both towards and against her . 
 he adored , and regretted adoring her ; reviled , and regretted reviling her . 
 her charms reminded him of his mistakes , and also of her vices ; the sweet could not be taken without the bitter , and all was calculated to make him miserable , and despair . 
 ravella seemed ambivalent towards him , but he could not be the same . 
 he found himself longing for his next view of her , while severely reproaching that longing . 
 when she was in the house he must be present , despite what it cost him in angst ; he hated to be ignored by her , and yet dreaded her notice ; he craved to say a thousand things , and yet loathed to mouth a word . 
 often , he was on the point of suggesting to clare that they saw too much of her altogether , but was prevented by the danger that her visits might be restricted , or worse , cease . 
 he was held between despair and desire in the most excruciating vice , from which he seemed to have no power to release himself , without some harm somewhere that could not be endured . 
 clare was always by to reproach him further with her high spirits and jollity . 
 though she was so splendidly happy now , he knew , by the tenderness and pity with which he regarded her , that he did not feel love for her , and so could never , in the end , make her happy . 
 yet this was the woman he had pledged to marry -- a pledge made in impetuous haste , now bitterly regretted . 
 it finally came to clare 's blinkered attention that her fiancé did not appear to share her own enthusiasm for ravella . 
 ` you 're very shy of her , james , ' she mentioned one day , ` but you should n't be . 
 she 's the sweetest girl i know , and she thinks the world of you . ' 
 ` does she ? ' 
 he started . 
 ` is that what she says ? ' 
 ` well , not in so many words , ' she replied , a little surprised at his abruptness , ` but i 'm sure she loves you for loving me . ' 
 trevick suddenly pretended to be very absorbed in sharpening a pencil , and only murmured vaguely : ` i ca n't -- take to ravella . ' 
 she queried his reservation , but he said no more . 
 ` i 'm sure i can get her to draw you out , ' she promised with a smile , and kissed him . 
 he trembled at the idea . 
 so it was that , on the feted guest 's next visit , clare gamely attempted to lure trevick into conversation . 
 ` oh look at this , ravella , ' she began , pulling out a paper . 
 ` james wrote this poem about a mermaid . 
 is n't it clever ? ' 
 trevick made a snatch to retrieve it , but ravella already had it in her hand . 
 ` it 's nothing , ' he muttered . 
 ` oh , do you still write poems , then , mr. trevick ? ' 
 said ravella . 
 ` or is this nothing just a shopping list ? ' 
 she read it over . 
 ` ah , i see it 's a nothing after all . ' 
 ` he 's so gifted with words ! ' 
 said clare , beaming at him . 
 ` on paper , anyway , ' added ravella wryly . 
 ` of course , he 'd never have them published , ' she continued with pride . 
 ` he does n't write them for that . 
 critics just do n't understand him . 
 he writes for art , not fame . ' 
 she kissed him , while ravella carelessly tossed back the paper . 
 ` well , ' she said , ` once the muse takes you , it 's better to write than not . 
 but as to being read , one should never suffer it , unless by the most indulgent friends , and then only if you 're convinced it 's a work of the foremost genius . ' 
 fuming at this , trevick snatched up the abused poem and tore it into shreds at once . 
 clare exclaimed in despair and attempted to intervene , but he screwed up the tapers in his fist and quit the room . 
 clare was astonished . 
 ` oh , dear , ' said ravella , ` i believe i 'm too much the critic . ' 
 the floodgates were now open to her raillery , and trevick became the continual butt of her wit , as she scored a point for every burst of temper he displayed . 
 each time , he chided himself for revealing how much power she had to provoke him ; but what was worse , she would occasionally interweave moments of kindness and affection with her mocking banter , and these stabbed him more deeply than any derision or ridicule . 
 infuriated by both her and himself , he was forced to avow an open dislike of ravella , which only fuelled her attacks , and amazed clare . 
 ` how can you not like ravella ? ' 
 she exclaimed . 
 ` you must n't take her jokes to heart , james , she means no harm . 
 i do n't know a more gentle or kind-hearted person ! ' 
 ` do n't you ? ' 
 he queried . 
 ` what do you mean by that ? 
 what has ravella ever done to really offend you ? ' 
 he could hardly reply without touching on the truth of his disappointed hopes , nor expand upon her machinations without offending clare 's loyalty . 
 so he did not reply at all , and clare took extreme umbrage at it , saying he had no right to object to her friends , especially ravella , who she thought of almost as a sister . 
 besides , she was put out that he did not even have the good grace to keep his resentment to himself -- which provoking chastisement he suffered without a response . 
 nevertheless , he found it increasingly difficult to disguise his ardent feelings , and because he could not love ravella , they must instead have their expression in effusions of hatred . 
 but every time he bellowed , or sulked , or frowned at ravella 's jibes , his expression confessed what he really felt , with humiliating clarity , to her eyes . 
 he lived with a vexing urgency to speak , to tell ravella , or clare , or anybody about his paradox , in case they might be able to guide him out of it ; but of course those he might consult were equally embroiled in the confusion . 
 now his loner-lifestyle told against him : he had never fostered close friends , never felt the need ; but how he longed for sympathetic and understanding companions now ! 
 who can endure so long a state of the most exquisite anxiety , and not sustain the damage of it ? 
 though he appeared , outwardly , as rational and lucid as usual , within , all was chaos and confusion . 
 every emotion was contradicted : he desired what he least desired , loved most what he hated ; and this wore so heavily on his senses that his outward conduct and conversation became a mere mask to cover what passed beneath . 
 in his solitude , when he lay awake at night , he was often struck with a terror of going insane ; his continual dreams and visions of ravella caused him to doubt what was real and what imagined , until he felt as far removed from the calm and clear façade he presented , as he had formerly felt removed from madness . 
 one night in early march , when he had already borne near half a year of intoxication and torture , he decided to confront ravella , and left the house to walk to the village . 
 somehow he missed his way on the beach , however , and the tide cut him off . 
 wading into the water , he attempted to proceed , but the strong currents dragged him further and further out . 
 realising the danger , he made a desperate effort to gain the shore , walking heavily against the swells , and at last , exhausted , stumbled from the brine , drenched through and wild with determination . 
 he made for the village , for the guesthouse , with all his strength , resolved to unburden himself . 
 reaching the door , he beat against it desperately with his fist , saltwater and his shadow dousing the old panels ; but then he suddenly became aware of someone behind him , someone who had followed him from the sea , tracking his footsteps all the way . 
 not daring to turn around and face this preternatural horror , he thundered the harder , but there was no answer , and the door would not open , and now this figure was almost upon him , and he could feel the damp breath on his neck -- and with that , he started awake in the utmost confusion . 
 it was nothing but a fevered , frustrating dream , feigning reality . 
 his mind flew in a thousand directions , and he knew he could endure it no longer : he needs must bring a term to his suffering . 
 it happened that clare and her friend meant to visit the camp of some travellers nearby , and to this end set out after lunch the following afternoon . 
 the travellers had put up some stalls with interesting craftwork for sale , which the women wished to investigate . 
 trevick , withdrawn almost to a torpor , nevertheless made himself one of the party , in the hope of having an opportunity to talk to ravella . 
 as they made their way through the woods from hurlevor point , clare noted to her companion that this was once part of the parkland of the old estate . 
 ` oh yes , ' said ravella . 
 ` i understand they have hunting here . ' 
 ` oh , no , ' refuted clare , ` james wo n't let the hunt on his land . 
 he has very strong feelings about it . ' 
 ` does he ? 
 well nevertheless , i hear this was a hunting forest , once . 
 a friend i 've made in hurlevor told me the legend . 
 it seems there was a lovely young woman who owned everything she could see , and would lead her rout through these woods to catch any fair game . ' 
 ` did they hunt foxes in those days ? ' 
 ` she hunted harts , ' replied ravella , with a sly glance at trevick , who , hearing ` hearts ' , lost all his colour . 
 ` well , but she came to a bad end , ' ravella went on bemusedly , ` though i daresay her ghost still haunts these glades . 
 do you believe in ghosts , mr. trevick ? ' 
 he started at this direct question , but did not reply before they arrived at the encampment . 
 here the friends browsed over the various trinkets on display , the emotion-beads , dream-catchers , rings and charms . 
 ravella bought a rune that betokened power , and clare chose one that meant love ; and as the latter was handing over her money , the lady taking it mentioned pleasantly : ` oh , i see you 're to be married soon . ' 
 clare looked up in surprise and asked how she knew that ; the woman said she could see it in her palm . 
 ` it 's true ! 
 i am getting married ! ' 
 she enthused then . 
 ` yes , i know , ' said the woman , ` i said so . ' 
 delighted with this , clare held out her hands again and demanded a fuller reading , which was complied with , and there ensued some talk of the seat of jupiter and the girdle of venus , and so many children , and a long life . 
 entirely thrilled with this revelation of futurity , clare could not be content until she had heard everybody else 's fortune as well as her own , so she hurried ravella forward . 
 the woman hitched back her dreadlocks and peered into the palm . 
 ` you will be married , ' she pronounced , ` twice . ' 
 ravella smiled . 
 ` no , no , ' hesitated the woman , ` once . ' 
 ravella frowned . 
 ` no , no , ' she countered again , ` i do n't think you 'll ever marry at all . ' 
 here ravella laughed , and clare tutted . 
 ` but ravella 's married already , ' she corrected the bemused woman , ` or was , she 's widowed now . ' 
 ` well , i ca n't read that , ' pouted the woman . 
 ravella laughed again . 
 ` do n't be too severe , clare . 
 after all , she was reading the future , not the past . 
 anyway , perhaps your fiancé should show his hands ? 
 i 'm sure you 'll find a deal of hate and resentment in his palms . ' 
 ` why do you say that ? ' 
 asked clare , surprised . 
 ravella smiled . 
 ` well , he hates and resents to be drawn into any fun , does n't he ? ' 
 trevick had turned away , but now rounded on her angrily . 
 ` i do n't like your kind of fun , ravella , and i wo n't be toyed with ! ' 
 clare spoke a word of admonition for his outburst , but ravella did not heed it at all . 
 ` it 's only a game , james , ' claimed the fiancée . 
 ` i wish you and ravella would n't snap at each other like this . ' 
 the traveller woman now mentioned that , though hers was a limited talent , there was a fellow in the next caravan who would read the tarot , if they wished to pay him . 
 clare immediately took this opportunity , and appealed to ravella to join her , while the woman went in to arrange it . 
 ` what ! 
 i ca n't go in ! ' 
 protested ravella . 
 ` what if he reveals all your secrets , and i hear them ? ' 
 ` i do n't have any secrets , ' said the other , ` and certainly not from you . ' 
 ` well i do , ' parried ravella , laughing . 
 ` what if he reveals all mine ? ' 
 but clare was too tempted to demur when she was summoned , and left her companions alone together . 
 at this moment , trevick was suddenly caught with the panic of emergency , and without knowing it , started forward to catch ravella 's arm . 
 she slipped it free . 
 gasping , he hissed through his teeth : ` listen ! 
 i have to speak to you ! ' 
 his heart beat painfully hard . 
 ` i remember i listened to you once before , and regretted it , ' she retorted , turning off . 
 he caught at her again . 
 ` listen to me ! 
 i must speak to you ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 she returned . 
 ` i wo n't be told i 'm hated and resented twice ! ' 
 ` you do n't understand , ' he urged , ` i 'm not the same as i used to be -- i 'm sick , i 've -- i 'm mad -- ' ` well , i 've no patience for your ravings , ' she told him . 
 ` there was a time when i 'd have listened to you gladly -- but you 've ruined your chances with me . ' 
 ` do you hate me now , then ? ' 
 he charged her . 
 ` or do you love me ? 
 did you ever love me ? 
 ravella , i love you -- i did then , no matter what i said , and i do now . ' 
 ` i know it all , ' she said sternly . 
 ` you know ! ' 
 he clutched her arm tight . 
 ` you know i love you ? 
 you know what i feel ? 
 you ca n't know -- you ca n't guess at it , how unhappy i am , how i 'm suffering . 
 god , i 'm wretched , i 'm at the end of my tether , ravella , i ca n't bear it ! ' 
 ` of course i know ! ' 
 she chided . 
 ` i 've done it , have n't i ? 
 do n't you realise i 've done it on purpose ? 
 if you think you 're mad now , you 'll be madder yet before i break you ! ' 
 ` you 're punishing me on purpose ! ' 
 he whispered , stunned . 
 ` and i 'll keep on punishing you , too . ' 
 ` why ? 
 you have me , you have my love -- what more do you want ? ' 
 she frowned contemptuously . 
 ` you hate to love me , ' she said , ` so it 's only fair that i should love to hate you . ' 
 trevick stood still with the shock of it . 
 he had depended on this moment , this declaration , to release him from his purgatory , into heaven or into hell , he did not care which . 
 he was quite prepared to encounter the consequences , as long as he could be liberated from the frenzied crux of love and hate that was warring in him . 
 but now , what was his horror , his confusion , to realise that ravella had no intention of freeing him whatsoever ? 
 that she had seen his anguish , and could have put him out of his distress at any time , but chose not to , chose to make him suffer ! 
 his logic was terminally confused and confounded by her : he concluded that she must love him in order to hate him so much , since that is how it worked with him ; and yet his was all the pain , all the torment ; she was wielding it , and so remained untouched by it herself . 
 shaking with fury and bewilderment , he made to grab her firmly , but she eluded him . 
 ` let me go , ravella ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` let me go ! 
 i do n't want to love you , i do n't want to hate you -- ravella , end it , let me go -- love me , hate me , do something ! ' 
 -- and he tried to grasp her again , but failed . 
 suddenly , clare re-emerged from the caravan , and he stumbled a little , caught out in his distraction , wild-eyed and off-guard . 
 he froze again , but she did not notice , for she seemed curiously subdued -- she had not been told the fortune she wished to hear . 
 the traveller woman hurried behind her , warning unhelpfully that the tarot never lies , and joseph would never hide anything he saw in the cards . 
 but clare ignored her , and , frowning , asked trevick to have his fortune read too . 
 ` he told me something -- ' she half explained , ` and i want him to say whether your future agrees with mine . ' 
 trevick , still in a turmoil from his encounter with ravella , did not really heed her , but complied anyway , to appease his fiancée and disguise his own distress . 
 clare led him into the caravan and paid the person who was sat at the table with his deck of cards . 
 the mystic joseph was a rather ageless looking man with staring blue eyes that delved into everything they glanced upon with a piercing intrusion . 
 he shuffled the pack solemnly , asked his customer to do the same , and began to set out the cards into an arcane pattern . 
 clare gazed on anxiously , though trevick was in a world of his own , and the hanged man and blasted tower signified nothing to him . 
 joseph studied the cards profoundly for some minutes , while clare held her breath ; then he tutted , swept the pack up again , and put them away . 
 clare gave a sort of scream and demanded to know what was the matter , what had he seen ? 
 the visionary only shook his head impatiently and gestured to the absent trevick . 
 ` this man is n't interested , ' he complained , ` he does n't want to know . ' 
 then , leaning forward , he jabbed trevick out of his reverie with a poke to the shoulder . 
 ` but i 'll tell you this much for free , ' he said . 
 ` you will be blasted , and you will never recover . ' 
 -- with which he threw back the note he had been given in payment . 
 extremely startled , trevick left at once . 
 ravella endeavoured to cheer her friend on the returning walk , for clare was now snatched by every doubt and anxiety about the future . 
 ` they say you make your own luck , ' she consoled , ` so why not your own fortune , too ? 
 i 'm sure i always try to make sure things turn out the way i plan . ' 
 ` yes , i suppose so , ' murmured the other . 
 ` and after all , that palmist woman got your reading wrong , did n't she ? ' 
 ` of course she did , clare . 
 anyway , who 's to say what 's true and what is n't ? 
 for example , i 'm a widow , and not a widow at all , because you might say my husband 's still alive , even though he 's at the bottom of the sea . 
 you could say , i keep him alive in my heart . ' 
 clare smiled . 
 ` oh , that 's lovely , ' she said , always taken with a romantic sentiment . 
 ` it 's true , ' replied ravella , glancing away from trevick . 
 ` you see , it 's just as easy to keep someone alive with love , as to kill them with it . ' 
 with that she bid them goodbye and took another path . 
 clare set aside her worries and chatted all the way home , but trevick was not listening to any but his own voices , ringing in his mind . 
 henceforth he could do nothing to disguise his impatience and anger before ravella . 
 clare complained of his severity , but he could not restrain it for her sake . 
 he was already concealing such a flux of painful and polar emotions that they vanquished his peace , and he could no longer distinguish between his dreams and experiences . 
 but this suppression only multiplied his imagined dilemmas , until he was entirely paralysed by concealment and confusion alike . 
 now the fated wedding day drew near , and clare 's excitement was infectious as she busied herself with the preparations for it . 
 though it was to be a small and intimate affair , she still found endless scope for industry and activity . 
 ravella matched her , thrill for thrill and smile for smile , writing invitations , booking tickets , ordering flowers and sweetening the vicar . 
 all the while , however , she indulged herself secretly in a rage of conquest , for since trevick 's declaration , she was reassured of her power over him , and now had no design in sight but to entirely ruin his happiness , and complete her own . 
 mrs. manderville , observing her fever of excitement , shook her head in wonderment . 
 ` i 'm sure i ca n't make you out at all , ' she told her . 
 ` you 've made him miserable enough already , and we know he 's head over heels for you . 
 why do you want to let him go and marry that lass of his after all ? 
 i suppose it 'll make him even more miserable , but where does it leave you ? 
 out in the cold , that 's where . ' 
 ` he 'll marry me , ' said ravella carelessly , hurrying to make up a room in the guesthouse . 
 ` ah ! 
 so you do love him , then , ' concluded the landlady . 
 ravella laughed and kissed her cheek . 
 ` how silly you are , mrs. m ! 
 love him , indeed ! 
 i did n't love him when i arrived in hurlevor , did i ? 
 but i said i 'd marry him then , and i say so still . ' 
 mrs. manderville shook her head again , but ravella paid no attention as she put the finishing touches to the bedroom where clare was to spend the eve of her wedding . 
 ` you 've fitted it up wonderfully ! ' 
 she congratulated her . 
 ` i swear it 's the finest room in the county . 
 you 'll be famous for it . ' 
 ` expensive , too , though , ' murmured mrs. manderville . 
 ` and what with the other rooms , the new kitchen , the new slate on the roof , the revolving door in the lobby , three en-suites and everything all on order , well , it comes to a fair packet ! ' 
 ` investment , mrs. manderville ! ' 
 ` but i ca n't hold my creditors off forever ! 
 i dare n't open the mail nowadays for all the threateners i get from the bank , and what with the loans and the mortgages and all , well , i was wondering whether -- well , whether i might be able to borrow a bit -- just until the season starts again ? ' 
 ` oh dear ! 
 i was about to ask you the same myself ! 
 i seem to remember you owe me something already this month . ' 
 ` well , yes , there is that -- but you know i 've had all those brochures printed already and the printers are after me -- ' here ravella drew a slip of paper from her pocket with an i.o.u written on it for her winnings in the previous evening 's game of black jack . 
 ` oh yes , that , ' muttered the landlady when she saw it . 
 ` yes , i was coming to that . ' 
 ravella smiled disarmingly before she could say any more . 
 ` my dear mrs. m , ' she consoled , ` what 's a little debt between friends ? 
 i 'll tell you what . 
 i 'll forget all about this little i.o.u for the while and this week 's instalment of your loan . 
 now , how 's that for helping you out ? 
 and i 'll tell you what 's more -- once i have my hands on trevick 's money , i 'll gladly lend you what you like to fend off those rude printers . 
 really , if they knew what a goldmine this place is going to be , they would n't be half so eager and difficult . ' 
 -- and with that she wandered off , leaving mrs. manderville like a fish out of water . 
 the eve of the wedding day arrived , and with it i myself arrived in hurlevor , as i have described already , and all the scenes passed just as i have told . 
 clare decided to spend the night with ravella in the village , and i spent the night at hurlevor point , while the storm swept in off the sea and threw all manner of driftwood , weed and shingle onto the shore and quay . 
 the women went upstairs early , and , sitting together in clare 's room , the happy bride fizzed over with excitement and anticipation , infusing the evening with her spirits , while the heavy wind beat against the windowpanes . 
 at last , fatigued with happiness , they resolved to go to bed , and ravella got up to leave . 
 ` oh , ravella , ' breathed clare , taking her hand and squeezing it tightly . 
 ` thank you for all you 've done for me -- thank you for being such a good friend ! ' 
 she kissed her fondly . 
 ` i 'm going to be married ! ' 
 she thrilled . 
 ` wish me luck ! ' 
 ravella smiled genuinely . 
 ` good luck ! ' 
 she said , left the room , softly closed the door , locked it , threw the key out of the window , and promptly married james trevick the next morning . 
 so it came about that i found myself , having missed everything , sat on a bollard on the quay outside the guesthouse , wondering on what had passed with great surprise and confusion . 
 guy laurence , who had told me about the curious ceremony , and now hoped to gain clare 's hand for himself , had been invited surreptitiously by ravella , and actually installed next door to the deluded bride , though unbeknownst to either . 
 now that he knew his beloved was free of matrimony , he concluded that she must still be packing her bags at hurlevor point , and raced there in his car to find her . 
 i , meanwhile , remained where i was , noting that the night 's storm had not blown over altogether , but merely withdrawn awhile , for now the sky grew black as pitch again , and the sea danced choppy and white . 
 i noticed a general milling of people around the door of the guesthouse , who were , it seems , the wedding guests , aunts and cousins and assorted belmont relatives , utterly bewildered and bemused by the proceedings of the day , and anxious where to enquire , and of whom , for some kind of explanation . 
 some had gone to the church , only to find the ceremony already over , and the groom gone ; others had never left the village , confused that the bride was nowhere to be found . 
 ravella had taken charge of writing all the invitations in her best calligraphied hand , and each one bore a different time for the ceremony -lrb- and these false times all too late -rrb- , so nobody knew what was going on . 
 between squabbling about this , and complaining how dreadful the guesthouse was , and how they would never stay in such a place twice , they made quite a hubbub . 
 the first dark drops of rain began to scatter the pavement , and umbrellas went up to be blown out . 
 suddenly the door flew open and clare belmont sprang out into the rain , much to the shock and consternation of her friends , for the cheated lady , still in her nightdress , hair flaming wide and wild , eyes staring and flooded with tears , seemed crazed with anger and frustration -- and with good cause , too . 
 mrs. manderville followed close behind , attempting to console her , but it was too late . 
 clare had discovered all that had passed , and so burst into a fury at these hollow condolences . 
 ` how can you look at me ? ' 
 she screamed . 
 ` how can you dare to touch me after what you 've done ? 
 all morning i 've been trapped up there , alone , crying out for help , crying out for anybody at all to take pity on me and let me out -- and where were you ? 
 you would n't help me , even though you knew where i was , you knew what ravella was doing -- do n't touch me ! ' 
 she broke into a violent fit of tears at the thought of how she had been betrayed . 
 ` ravella ! 
 ravella and my james ! 
 how could they do it to me ? 
 how have i ever hurt them ? 
 oh , james , james ! 
 i thought he loved me -- i knew he loved me -- today is my wedding day ! ' 
 she sobbed bitterly . 
 ` why has he hurt me like this ? 
 how have i deserved it ? 
 why has he done it to me ? ' 
 here she was wholly overcome with her pain , and lost the next half hour in wretched tears and unhappy complaints against her jilting fiancé , until a concerned relative happened to mention that ravella was equally to blame , which aroused her anger once more . 
 ` ravella ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` as if what james has done was n't enough ! 
 my best friend , i called her ! ' 
 -- at which the entire crowd met in assailing the cruel persecutor with all manner of purple epithets relative to her crimes . 
 as clare seethed with wounded fury , everybody took up her cause ; but since the villain of the piece was not immediately present to be attacked , attention fell to her accessory , mrs. manderville , who was loaded with recriminations for her unfeeling , savage , even criminal conduct in keeping the poor bride prisoner ; but still nobody lost sight of who the wicked mastermind actually was . 
 mrs. manderville , seeing that the tide of opinion had turned against her erstwhile tenant , defended herself by adhering to the general resentment , and in so doing discovered her own injuries , or at least , noticed them for the first time in their proper light . 
 ` you think she 's caused you trouble ! ' 
 she protested to clare . 
 ` what about me ? 
 she 's fleeced me for every penny i 've got , or ever had ! 
 i 'm in debt up to my ears thanks to her -- wrecked , i tell you ! 
 and she 's made me spend everything , everything i was saving up for my retirement , little though it was , and thousands more besides ! 
 how will i ever go about getting it back ? ' 
 -- and she burst into some noisy sobs . 
 ` you have n't had your fiancé snatched from you ! ' 
 parried clare . 
 ` you have n't been stabbed in the back by your closest , kindest friend , the one you trusted , loved like a sister -- i ca n't bear to think of it ! 
 how could she be such a traitor ? ' 
 ` at least you 're not utterly ruined ! ' 
 wailed mrs. manderville . 
 ` at least you 're not in debt forever ! ' 
 ` at least you were n't locked up on your wedding day , where nobody would help you , by your best friend , while she ran off with your fiancé ! 
 if it was n't for this man here letting me out , i 'd be up there now , for all you did to help me ! ' 
 clare gestured to a middle-aged fellow who was stood nearby , very much concerned with the entire business . 
 this was jack elliott , once ravella 's lover , who had received an invitation to the wedding also , doubtless so that she might revel in her success before the eyes of her old flame . 
 since being so cruelly ditched by the woman he loved , he had lost nearly a whole year in regrets and broken-heartedness , but still felt a glow of affection for ravella that winced every day with lost love 's pang . 
 now , though , listening to the cacophony of misfortunes , he concluded that the fair deceiver had duped them all alike . 
 ` this is all one piece of work , ' he announced aloud , ` and ravella is to blame for it ! 
 i believed she loved me once , but it turns out she was only after my money in the end , and she threw me off to go after this new prize . 
 i tell you that man she 's married is only her latest victim , and in securing him she 's ruined these two women along the way ! ' 
 a fresh commotion arose at this revelation . 
 ` ruined , ruined ! ' 
 bewailed mrs. manderville , wringing her hands . 
 ` how could she do it to me ? 
 and now james too ! ' 
 cried clare , her hair drenched tragically around her face by the pummelling rain . 
 meanwhile , bitch , traitor , vampire ! 
 was the currency of execrations amongst the crowd . 
 just then , a car skidded through the puddles and came to a halt . 
 guy laurence jumped out of it , ran up to clare and took her in his arms . 
 ` there you are , ' he began , ` how are you , darling ? ' 
 clare pushed him away in astonishment . 
 ` guy ! 
 what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` i 've come to take you home , ' he explained . 
 ` ravella said you 'd be here . ' 
 ` ravella ! ' 
 she gasped . 
 ` yes , she invited me to the wedding -- she thought you 'd need me , and now i see why ! 
 i went looking for you up at the big house , but ravella told me you 'd be here . ' 
 ` ravella 's at hurlevor point ! ' 
 ` yes , they 've stopped there to collect their luggage before jetting off to -- ' -- but he was interrupted by a general movement of the crowd , who , as if by some communal assent , decided to intercept the evil genius at hurlevor point , and make her answer for her conduct . 
 and doubtless , had there been torches and pitchforks to hand , they would have brandished them with zeal . 
 laurence tried to catch clare again as the march stormed past . 
 ` clare ! 
 darling ! 
 you have n't told me how you feel -- ravella always said he was wrong for you , and you see she 's right . 
 why do n't you let me take you home -- ' he was swiftly answered by a punch on the chin from the wretched bride . 
 so i watched in awe as this mob made its way up the road to hurlevor point in one mass , loudly denouncing the cruelties , deceptions and wickedness of ravella . 
 thunder rolled round the sky , the sea churned , the rain pelted and the storm broke in earnest . 
 it occurred to me that i was the only person entirely uninjured by ravella , and indeed i had no reason to take offence with her personally ; so my heart suddenly went out to the intended quarry of this heady rout , and i thought i should warn her of their approach . 
 i quit my damp bollard and nipped under the trees , taking the shore-path up to hurlevor point , and arrived at the house a little ahead of the mob , who i could nevertheless hear , tramping along the road through the rain . 
 i did not stand on ceremony to knock , but darted immediately into the hall , calling out for ravella at once . 
 at first i thought , for the stillness , that nobody was home , but i was surprised to notice trevick sat on the floor at the bottom of the stairs , his legs akimbo , his cravat untied and his shirt yanked out at the waist . 
 i exclaimed , and asked what he was doing ; but he did not reply , nor even heed me , since he seemed to be concentrating deeply . 
 in his hand he held a pencil , and in the other an old envelope , which absorbed all his attention . 
 he was so distracted that i shook him by the shoulder , crying out : ` where 's ravella ? 
 there 's a whole crowd on their way up from the village to pick a bone with her -- oh , she 's not popular , you 'd best get on your way if you want to avoid a scene ! ' 
 but he neither acknowledged me nor looked up , continuing to stare dumbly at some words he had scribbled on the back of this envelope , which , peering over his shoulder , i read . 
 someone had underlined at the top : ` on marriage ' , and beneath it i suppose he meant to write a poem ; but he had only scrawled a jumble of meaningless words , and even as i watched he added another , in an infant hand : ` cat ' . 
 but now i could hear the rabble marching across the gravel drive , so i left him to it , calling out : ` ravella , ravella ! 
 where are you ? 
 come down , quickly ! ' 
 she appeared at the top of the stairs and leaned over the banister . 
 ` oh , ravella ! 
 you should get away , the tide 's turned against you ! 
 clare belmont and her family , and half a dozen others besides , have all gotten the idea of taking you to task ! 
 go and hide , they 're right behind me ! ' 
 in fact , they were at the door , and their chase through the tempest had done nothing to cool their tempers . 
 on the contrary , they had multiplied their grievances at the prospect of venting them on her -- and as if to match them , the gale screamed around the house . 
 but in spite of the dangerous racket they made , it was the sound of the waves hurling against the shore that seemed to disturb the new mrs. trevick most . 
 at each seething backdraft , and mounting churning , and violent crash against the rocks , she flinched . 
 side-stepping her husband she descended to the hall , darting an anxious glance through the back windows as she did so . 
 there , the grim seascape was portrayed vividly : the granite smudge of the headlands through the mist and spray , the ink-black clouds rearing heavily over the sea , redounding with thunder and shocking the scene with flickers of electricity . 
 the thick rain lancing against the panes blurred the vista of the raging ocean , the sudden swells and gulfs , the lips and curves of white foam , the deep trenches of water and glances of exposed rocks , jagged under the sway and turmoil . 
 she stood , poised in apprehension , as the front door burst open and the whole host spilled in , cluttering the hall with taunts and noise . 
 ravella 's former friends , lovers , companions and all their attendants engulfed me as they swept towards her , loudly voicing their charges . 
 at that moment the back door , opposite the crowd 's entrance and giving onto the sea , shuddered in its frame beneath a shower of stout blows -- it flew wide , and a great , looming man advanced determinedly , without abate , his whole body streaming water and entangled with sprays of weed and traces of shingle , his face white and colourless , his eyes black and vehement -- and he fixed his gaze on ravella , who returned it equally as he stormed forward -- and so the drowned sailor bore ravella , triumphant , into the sea . 
 the end thanks for reading ! 
 i hope you enjoyed the story . 
 it 's from my book the sleight of heart and other stories . 
 find more stories and illustrations at www.benjaminial.com . 
