 sun on the rocks -- all-girl -- the adult channel . 
 smashwords edition . 
 © copyright 2013 by somers isle & loveshade . 
 published by somers isle & loveshade at smashwords . 
 u.s. copyright registration number : 1-743085441 . 
 all rights reserved . 
 ` sun on the rocks ' blogsites : http://open.salon.com/blog/workstudio http://oursalon.ning.com/profile/workstudio cover by tatiana villa : email : villatat@gmail.com smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 about sun on the rocks : it ´ s a breezy , all-girl banana fiction -lrb- tropical and mood-boosting , like the fruit -rrb- read specializing in the trivial pursuit . 
 these pleasant amusements with an overtone of humor , follow the adventures of several women over twenty one years of age , as they seek to become a non-competitive synchronised swimming team , ` sun on the rocks ' , led by the incombustible stevenson garden products -lrb- sgp -rrb- teleoperator clarity nice , a woman of resourceful intuition , and acute observer of the laws of human mischief . 
 you can read each sun on the rocks separately thanks to the backstories described at the beginning . 
 the adult channel : sensual brigade agent money fact , specialist of faulty logic , delivers teleoperator clarity nice inside a large thai champagne container to a luxurious hotel in the emirate of abu dhabi , in order to find clarity ´ s friends lanai , cynthia , taimi , jenna , and flower , previously abducted at the hexas style resort -lrb- the bahamas lotion -rrb- by the perpetrator of the elony beauty lotion scam , cassandra scafarel , a sophisticated lady associate of cayman island ´ s lofty bank owner , buddha talk -lrb- the cayman air banner -rrb- . 
 at the hotel , clarity finds out that the emirate ´ s power broker , hamir bakal , seeks her friends , in a shady deal with scafarel involving a new adult channel for the region , distributed by bakal and scafarel ´ s assistant , avene maxini . 
 to leave the hotel , which is closed to customers for a week as a result of an adult industry convention , clarity becomes part of bakal ´ s cohort of women , which includes twenty one year old colorado heiress montana sterley , a woman intent on buying bakal ´ s business interests . 
 with montana at her side , clarity unravels the business and trade keys of bakal ´ s adult channel . 
 sun on the rocks terms and backstories from previous episodes buddha talk : corpulent , shady genius of circular money flows , scholar of sexual ecstasy , occasional buddhist and worshipper of a lobster shrine for good karma , buddha talk is banking agent and the heir apparent of lofty bank , a cayman islands banking institution with no particular regard for its clients and a lock on ownership held by a great dane in great shape , lord moorehead iii , british by upbringing and inheritance granted by lord moorehead ii , a man , old , very old , and dead now , at age ninety seven , previous british owner of lofty bank who gave all of its wealth and bank ownership rights to its dog . 
 lord moorehead acts as front ` man ' for buddha talk , and is also the official recipient of all bank notices by the monetary authority , a convenient fact for buddha talk , and one bark that doesn ´ t cease to surprise the monetary authority who casts a recurring shadow of doubt upon the legalities of having a dog act as front ` man ' and official owner of a bank doing business in the british overseas territory located in the western caribbean sea , a pleasant area to live when the money and work issues are solved . 
 clarity and flower , after gaining entry as investors to the bank with the help of clark , the owner of a diamond shop in grand cayman , find themselves owing nearly one hundred thousand dollars to the lofty bank outfit for no reason , a debt they can pay by working for the bank for fifty years , as part of the bank ´ s flagship product , the crashworthy deposit , part bank deposit paying twenty percent , part investment , part insurance policy , and part working arrangement . 
 lofty has ties with the underworld , and the monetary authority of the cayman islands stubbornly refuses to grant it a renewal of its license , something that doesn ´ t stop the bank from operating in the most illegal manner , advertising its products to potential investors on an air banner carried by a gippland 200 crop duster flying low on caribbean and tropical beaches such as those of cayman , british virgin islands , bahamas and acapulco . 
 boustrophedon : large , ancient grey stone inscription filled with greek letter symbols . 
 in a boustrophedon , letters are inversed , you have to read the inscriptions on the stone from left to right and from right to left alternatively with each line of bi-directional text . 
 penelope avalon and cassandra scafarel believe that the boustrophedon holds important information on ancient methods of pleasure , including comments and thoughts on the gate of pleasure , voluptas de naturas . 
 the current location of the boustrophedon that clarity and her friend lanai saw at scafarel ´ s hexas style resort in the bahamas , is unknown to clarity , known to : cassandra scafarel : shrewd businesswoman in her forties without a moral code or compass , executive head of beauty lotion outfit ` elony ' , sold through illegal flight infomercials with the assistance of lofty bank . 
 the infomercial is an excuse to sell customers , mostly affluent women , elony ´ s personal growth services , which include how to bring heaven a little closer to home , after doing away with money , in particular fifty thousand dollars that must be paid for a bottle of elony , to reach the leisure and pleasure resort of scafarel , the hexas style resort in the bahamas island of eleuthera . 
 hexas style was partly dismantled in the bahamas lotion , by al donway and the sensual brigade of central intelligence , a group of attractive women ensuring law and order are respected , along with their bodies . 
 the brigade ´ s most representative member is agent money fact , the woman who introduced clarity to the nine hour oil-optional massage , proof that work is not a necessary part of life . 
 money fact excels at action , mentoring and faulty logic . 
 after a decidedly last minute and decisive intervention from sensual intelligence at hexas style , scafarel manages to flee from the bahamas resort on her private yacht , with the boustrophedon , but without some secrets regarding pleasure , including the : imperial pelican fabergé egg : intricate egg , or jewel , depending on how hungry you are , eight inches high , made of varicolored gold , opalescent blue enamel and watercolor on ivory . 
 it is known as the xenia imperial pelican fabergé egg , and belongs to the private collection of maria feodorovna , empress consort of russia in 1898 . 
 the egg , commissioned by maria feodorovna to provide , handle and store , all of her private items of pleasure , went through the hands of occidental petroleum tycoon armand hammer , an art collector with close ties to the soviet union , and has now fallen into the hands of cassandra scafarel , a woman who stops at nothing to understand how pleasure works , in particular how the pleasure of a woman works , including her own . 
 the pelican fabergé egg , eight inches high , is hollow , and unfolds into eight miniatures , holding what ´ s known in fabergé egg language , as the surprise inside , a time-tested item of pleasure for the woman , the jade egg , a small two inch in diameter jade egg that must be boiled before each intimate , feminine use . 
 owned by cassandra scafarel , requisitioned by the sensual brigade of central intelligence for examination . 
 penelope avalon : sex goddess and go-go girl from las vegas , dressed in a pink suit , user of the learjet ` pink go-go ' appropriately painted in pink . 
 penelope has had enough of living the plastic pleasure style of las vegas showgirls , and finds in the outfit of cassandra scafarel , the bahamas hexas style resort , a way out of hotel california . 
 penelope likes attractive women unclothed , and would like to do clarity , because she ´ s nice . 
 the symbolic decryptor : thai alphabet gadget similar to a smartphone or blackberry , which can be used as cell phone , useful for understanding all types of characters and symbols , made in vle mode -lrb- very limited edition , less than ten made worldwide -rrb- by the mysterious oriental company known as pentatone scale learning systems . 
 the item , the gadget , looks like a blackberry with keyboard , with 36 thai character keys , doubled with the shift key , for a total of 72 , instead of the 26 of the western alphabet , and its keys are made of hard , white color plastic , similar to the color casing of the kindle 2 , cast against a grey background and a backlit screen . 
 the decryptor can also be used as indicator of calligraphy , as mantra tone guide and geo-locator , using the global positioning system to calculate the coordinates of any location worldwide . 
 penelope avalon received one of these decryptors from lady scafarel , after completing work on heaven , according to scafarel ´ s personal growth system , and clarity would like to keep the item as souvenir , although money fact disagrees and is holding custody of the device for strategic and intelligence reasons . 
 sure , she likes the nifty item , that ´ s all , and she likes to subtly let clarity know that she ´ s the boss of sensual intelligence . 
 book of decadence : book written on the topic by the unknown hedonist , a small print manifesto of deep thought with illustrations of ancient goddesses with lion bodies in bronze , and a mosaic of byzantine nuns , used by penelope avalon and the hexas style hedonist resort in the bahamas , on how to let go of the encumbrance of work , and dedicate your time , well spent , according to the book , to leisure , pleasure , et . 
 al. . 
 book clearly advises on the pitfalls of decadence and purportedly how to avoid them . 
 now , in the following paragraphs below , a short description of the feminine adult icons of pleasure , leisure and ` less work means a better world ' , a fiction biopic text substitute of the feminine lead characters of sun on the rocks , the non-competitive swimming team who works at the city of wellington , a post-panamax ocean liner normally docking in los angeles , california , which engages in cruises to acapulco , the mexican coast line , the caribbean , and anywhere where the weather is nice , really . 
 sun on the rocks includes six good looking women : clarity nice : teleoperator from malibu , california , twenty five years of age , quarter century wise . 
 a woman of resourceful intuition and acute observer of the laws of human mischief . 
 clarity means well and unclothes well in general and with other women . 
 she simply likes lovemaking , sharing nudity with adults , and the idea of sexual ecstasy , after having experienced it first hand at cassandra scafarel ´ s adult resort hexas style . 
 because she does everything casually , she ignores how holy she and the virtues she embodies are , but she knows that she is good , very good , in fact , the fact that she is honest is the reason why she usually doesn ´ t have much money . 
 lanai thomson : twenty four year old librarian from malibu , clarity ´ s best friend , somewhat goofy and absent-minded , usually cautious in all of her endeavors , including doing men . 
 we would all like to know exactly what she does when she has sex with clarity or simply unclothes with her for a ` naked pajama night ' . 
 flower parkwood : twenty three year old bohemian ethnographer found on the beach in acapulco after the acapulco affair took place . 
 flower has brown hair , is fresh , likes to wear platforms , and is genuinely interested in learning about cultures and the history of those cultures , as long as comfort , leisure and money are nearby . 
 buddha talk has attempted to seduce her in the cayman islands air banner , so far , without success , although they both share a liking for the ` spirit of ecstasy ' , the winged lady traditionally found at the top of rolls royce radiators . 
 flower ignores everything about sexual ecstasy , but she likes the idea . 
 taimi kendrick : lifeguard by profession from malibu , twenty two years of age , she ´ s one of the original four members of sun on the rocks , with lanai , cynthia , and clarity . 
 jenna likeway : twenty three year old surfer and diver fond of the acapulco diving spot , la quebrada , found on the city of wellington , before the search for the acapulco cocktail took place . 
 simple , genuine , and introvert , she often does more than she says . 
 cynthia stevenson : twenty two year old cheerleader from pepperdine university , good friend of clarity , gave clarity her tag-heuer aquaracer watch for her birthday . 
 cynthia is the well-to-do daughter of the owner of the stevenson garden products company , established in malibu , the first nudist corporate outfit worldwide , to our knowledge , a fact well deserved and established when clarity and her friends took on the malibu case and its clothing implications . 
 she likes to remain unclothed for long periods of time . 
 sun on the rocks -- episode five the adult channel chapter one abu dhabi coastline , abu dhabi , united arab emirates clarity sat on a chair inside the command post of the liberian crane ship ` camco amabulyan ' , a jumbo javelin j1800 vessel with a bale capacity of eighteen thousand cubic meters , carrying hundreds of boxes of elony beauty lotion , an item sold illegally in the caribbean without food and drug administration approval , by cassandra scafarel , a business woman owning the neria b adult night club in nassau , bahamas . 
 observing central intelligence officer alven donway , who was sipping his light roast hawaiian kona coffee while the ship ´ s crane was lifting several containers in preparation for docking in abu dhabi , she brought the magnifying glass from the swedish antikvariat who was part of the ship ´ s crew , closer to one of the miniatures of the fabergé egg they had found in the bahamas island of eleuthera , where scafarel had built a city of ancient greek pleasure known as the hexas style resort . 
 she was looking for clues to find her friends and arrest cassandra scafarel , the distributor of beauty lotion made with unknown artificial ingredients , a woman sought by the food and drug administration for fraud , who had orchestrated the disappearance of her friends in eleuthera , taking them to abu dhabi , a small , prosperous , arab emirate , part of the united arab emirates . 
 after speaking with central brigade agent money fact , clarity was sure scafarel had taken her friends to the emirate to deal with their beauty , train them in refined sexuality methods , and ultimately assign them an owner , the oddity of nature known as a man , the proponent of the proactive . 
 all of that matched the ways of lofty bank and of their owner , buddha talk , a man difficult to find despite his overwhelming weight , a man who showed uncanny interest in taking her friend , ethnographer flower parkwood to the ultimate heights of sexual ecstasy , and after her friend ´ s refusal , had taken one of her earrings instead and given it to scafarel as present . 
 scafarel had a prominent role in buddha talk ´ s life , she could guess that much , but the why and how still eluded her , just like flower ´ s earring . 
 clarity ran the magnifying glass over the miniatures . 
 seven of the eight miniatures depicted various country scenes , buildings , monuments , faces and symbols , but the eighth miniature was different . 
 it looked recent , as if it were an add-on to the other miniatures , which all dated back more than a century to 1898 , like the pelican fabergé egg itself . 
 the egg belonged to maria feodorovna , empress consort of russia , a private woman with delicate tastes . 
 etched in silver inside the eighth miniature , a five digit code was placed inside a square frame . 
 sensual brigade agent money fact hovered over the miniature clarity was examining , holding the thai keyboard decryptor previously owned by sex goddess penelope avalon , a go-go at neria b working for scafarel , and the one who had placed clarity inadvertently in a situation of discovery of her own sexual ecstasy . 
 `` the pentatone scale decryptor has been useful . 
 the etching is made with 958 britannia silver and rhodium plating , which gives it a finish comparable to white gold . 
 the numbers are part of a limited series remote control code , '' said money fact . 
 `` like a television set remote control ? '' 
 `` yes , exactly . 
 i am checking the source filed with the decryptor of penelope avalon , this code is only available in luxury hotels of the united arab emirates . 
 we ´ re pretty sure this one is from abu dhabi and we ´ re pretty sure scafarel is in the region . '' 
 clarity ran the glass over the five digit code , 57819 . 
 `` it ´ s odd , this code is like an anachronism compared to the historical depictions in the miniatures , it ´ s like updating an ancient pleasure code with modern coordinates . 
 which hotel in abu dhabi has the code ? '' 
 `` that ´ s what you have to find out . 
 you ´ re still sure you want to rescue your friends ? '' 
 `` yes , i know they didn ´ t leave the bahamas of their own free will , and the ship ´ s captain mentioned abu dhabi to avalon . 
 my friends and i always go together , there ´ s a synchronized swimming team at stake . 
 how am i going to find this hotel , there are many hotels in abu dhabi . '' 
 `` we caught an image of the remote in the decryptor before all other images were removed wirelessly in eleuthera , the device has a button to order champagne , not just any champagne , but a specific one , a thai champagne bottle of an upscale brand , ko phi & nga , sold by the soneva kiri hotel in the island of koh kood , and by the royal orchid , the sukhotai , and the shangri-la , all five star hotels in or near bangkok . 
 when you get to the hotel in abu dhabi , press the champagne button to alert us of where you and the remote are , the decryptor should be able to pick up the signal and relay location . '' 
 money fact took out the jade egg found in scafarel ´ s fabergé egg , and gave it to clarity . 
 she invited clarity to follow her , leaving donway talking to the swedish antique expert , about his role and why the jade egg had to be on the ship . 
 `` orders of lady scafarel , '' said the antiquary , `` i am here to verify the authenticity of the greek boustrophedon code of pleasure , but she took it somewhere else , it must be on her yacht . 
 she said to bring the jade egg to abu dhabi if anything bad happened in eleuthera at the hexas style resort , a place she referred to as the church , and then , once in abu dhabi , to give the egg as passport to the dock authorities , to the head of customs . 
 then , she told me i should go to liberia by plane , where i would be paid , and that i should leave the ship in abu dhabi , that everything was in place over there , that someone else would recover the elony cargo . '' 
 `` we ´ ll see who recovers it , '' said donway , `` but they won ´ t get the egg , money fact is in charge of testing it . 
 the boustrophedon is just a stone of greek origin with text , it ´ s not a code of any type . 
 you ´ re saying the hexas style resort in eleuthera was like a church , that it didn ´ t simply distribute elony beauty lotion acting like a holiday resort ? '' 
 `` no , it wasn ´ t a holiday resort , several beautiful women became adherents of lady scafarel ´ s philosophy there , they stayed several months , one of them over a year , it ´ s like a church , simply you have to go every day instead of once a week , and you can ´ t leave if you decide to go there the first time . '' 
 `` well , that ´ s not the case anymore , we dismantled the place , now what kind of church is this ? '' 
 donway moved his coffee mug , made in liberia , away from him . 
 `` a church of pleasure , devotion to pleasure above all other notions or creeds , you could call it a devotional temple of pleasure . '' 
 donway walked around the antique expert , and turned around , pointing his index finger at him . 
 `` i see , well i ´ ll see whether i call it what you say you ´ d like to call it , if the occasion calls for calling it anything at all . 
 and these changes of pleasure perception are permanent , they ´ re physical you say , not only perceptual , mental ? '' 
 `` no , they ´ re physical , pleasure feels different after a couple of months . '' 
 `` so your body feels different . '' 
 donway scratched his nose and approached the expert , lowering his voice . 
 these questions were important to clarify , for his wife might be interested in knowing of them . 
 in fact , money fact might be interested in explaining them to his wife . 
 `` sexually , i mean , '' said the intelligence official . 
 `` yes , sexually , my body feels different , it could be your body , '' said the antiquarian . 
 `` my body ´ s ok , thanks , look after your body before you look into my body . '' 
 `` i didn ´ t look after your body , i only look into my body , and i read the boustrophaedon , it ´ s a code of pleasure , but you ´ re not listening . '' 
 money fact led clarity away from the flybridge to one of the cargo bay areas of the ship . 
 they walked past several aisles filled with crates , until they reached a container named with the thai champagne brand that money fact mentioned . 
 the agent lifted a lever and the front door of the container opened , revealing several large boxes made with clear color wood . 
 they were going to deliver clarity inside the box . 
 `` get inside the box , we ´ re going to dock in fifteen minutes , i ´ ll bring you food and drink . 
 when you ´ re at the hotel , let us know by calling this number , it ´ s attached to the decryptor and only i have access to it because i have a double oh l licence , an open operative lovemaking license to engage and deploy high sex methods to arrest criminals . '' 
 `` you ´ re saying that i might have to have some form of love and high sex with an unknown adult to find my friends ? '' 
 `` hopefully not , high sex is not safe the way your body has changed after the nine hour massage i provided on the ship , love is even less safe . 
 in fact , high sex is not safe in general , there ´ s no emotional infrastructure in place to engage in it as a normal professional , or simply as a lay person , while you work as teleoperator in a company for instance . 
 it ´ ll be in place eventually , but it ´ s fifty years away , i think . '' 
 money fact tapped on the head of clarity several times to ensure she was clearheaded and lifted her dress , placing a bandaid patch inside the fabric of her thong . 
 clarity felt an intimate dampness surface delightfully . 
 `` but a nine hour massage is high sex , i feel so energized now , i should be ready for this . 
 can i have the decryptor ? '' 
 `` no , we have to understand how it works , we ´ ll track you though , it ´ s safer , your thong is safe and the tracking dot is safe in your thong . '' 
 `` this method ´ s not safer , the decryptor ´ s simply expensive . '' 
 money fact tapped on the woodden crate with her fingers , economic arguments brought her logic to mush . 
 `` it ´ s expensive and it may be safer , but it ´ s not for you . '' 
 `` can it be for me now if i return it later , i may need it to call you in abu dhabi , and i don ´ t have a phone or money . '' 
 `` you don ´ t have a phone because you went to eleuthera and you don ´ t have money because you may not need it . 
 no , simply no , no decryptor clarity , we ´ ll track you with that small bandaid patch , we need to test whether it works at normal body temperature . 
 you need to go through twenty four hours of sensual sex to be ready for high sex , and that ´ s part of our special training , it ´ ll take a couple of years for you to reach that level . 
 the decryptor will incriminate you as a sensual agent , we want you undercover . '' 
 clarity checked the patch inside her thong , moving it away from her firm , round , tushy midline , at hip level . 
 she stepped into the woodden crate filled with champagne and settled on a pile of dry hay . 
 `` what do i do if they find me in here ? '' 
 `` say that you taste champagne , as though it was your profession . '' 
 `` my undercover is safe , good , bring me evian mineral water , i don ´ t want to dehydrate inside the box , surrounded by champagne bottles . '' 
 chapter two the al katheeri general transport container truck carried clarity through the city of abu dhabi for about sixty minutes to saadiyat island , taking sheikh kalifa bin zayed highway . 
 the driver , half asleep , unloaded the box carrying clarity and she was hoping that scafarel or the people receiving the box would like champagne during midday so she could breathe some fresh air . 
 she reached for her small minimag flashlight and lit up her aquaracer watch , just to ensure the luminescent dials weren ´ t wrong . 
 sixty three minutes had elapsed since having been lifted from the cargo ship tracking her . 
 the box settled on the floor , and she heard feminine voices nearby . 
 `` it ´ s for room 508 , it ´ s where the girls are . '' 
 `` the box is huge . 
 this is crazy , six women in that room , the other one on her own in another room , and bakal with the cowgirl from colorado . 
 the blonde one on her own says she ´ s from malibu in the u.s. and she said it wearing a translucent robe . '' 
 cynthia , thought clarity . 
 the girls were all-right . 
 `` it ´ s bakal , he bought them , i ´ m telling you , and now he wants them drunk with this champagne , made by a descendant of canon godinot in thailand using a variation of pinot noir grapes . '' 
 `` you can ´ t buy women , much less bring them here . 
 this is a nice place . '' 
 `` precisely . 
 they ´ re all beautiful women , they ´ re all in their twenties or thirties , they don ´ t have a job , they don ´ t study . 
 put two and two together , bakal bought them from that lady , cassandra scafarel . 
 anyway , get him the fifteen champagne thai bottles , that ´ s all he wants and he ´ s been expecting them for a week . 
 i don ´ t want to wake up at three to bring him a late dinner or breakfast . 
 tell mako to open the box and get the bottles , i ´ ve never seen champagne from thailand . '' 
 forty three seconds later , clarity heard a thump across from her outside , and the sound of a tool breaking the nails of the woodden box . 
 the box opened and she was blinded by sunlight in an alley showing a large building about fifty feet away . 
 a mastodont looked at her incredulously . 
 she read the tag on his beige shirt : park hyatt hotel , abu dhabi . 
 `` i ´ m the gift to mr. bakal , '' said clarity , opting for the familiar name and a plausible , leisure-related scenario . 
 she said it in a casual , obvious tone , as though this type of gift box was usual for the hotel . 
 `` mina , come here , look at this . '' 
 an imposing woman dressed in western clothing , the woman in charge of the hotel reception desk , approached clarity , setting one foot inside the box . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 clarity recognized the voice of one of the women who told another to deliver the champagne . 
 `` i ´ m number eight , a bit late , but same crop of women from the bahamas , a u.s. import from malibu , higher grade than the others , i needed some special maintenance , and i taste champagne to ensure it suits the general avenue of pleasure within the body . '' 
 she lifted her body upwards and showed the bottles , hearing the bandaid patch on her hip rip . 
 r.i.p. to the tracking dot . 
 the tracking dot was broken and money fact would not know where she was . 
 hopefully , the device had emitted one last signal , before turning silent . 
 she regained her composure , walking past the baffled hotel employees . 
 `` there ´ s one special champagne bottle in the back for mr. bakal , it ´ s the one he was expecting . '' 
 while mina watched her , and the man named mako walked inside the large container box , clarity ran away towards the hotel kitchen . 
 she looked at the garden of the hotel and could guess a beautiful pool in the far back , with a seaview . 
 the hyatt , what a nice place to get abducted , she thought . 
 crossing the kitchen on her toes , saying salaam aleikum to the cook and his aide , clarity reached the lobby of the hotel and took the elevator to room 510 , before mina caught her . 
 a man with a beard greeted him . 
 `` sorry , wrong room . '' 
 she apologized and walked to room 506 , knocking lightly . 
 the door opened and she saw cynthia stevenson looking at her , dressed in a revealing night robe . 
 she pulled clarity inside and locked the door . 
 `` you and flower got us into so much trouble in eleuthera , i can ´ t believe it . 
 we ´ re here , we ´ re not in the caribbean . 
 do you know where we are clarity , where have you been ? '' 
 `` what happened , i told you that avalon was dangerous . 
 her smile is misleading . '' 
 cynthia turned around , looking outside the window . 
 through her robe , clarity could see a thin pendent around her waist and a small bead moving in swing at coccyx level . 
 `` yeah , well , she was dangerous , you were right , god she was so good though . 
 scafarel traded us for the greek boustrophedon of pleasure that was here in the emirate , the property of a private collector . 
 they told her we would reach heaven number four in the middle east . 
 we got taken here on avalon ´ s plane , pink go-go , by scafarel ´ s assistant , avene maxini , then they separated us when i had a fit with the daughter of an oil billionnaire , over who should try the jade egg first , if it was found , and over who should keep the remote . 
 this girl ´ s so capricious , i just took the remote , it works here in this room as well , it ´ s a universal remote it seems . '' 
 `` a billionnaire ´ s daughter ´ s been abducted ? '' 
 `` that ´ s what it looks like , some kind of power struggle , her name is montana sterley , she ´ s twenty one , from a small town , in colorado . 
 she wanted the remote to control what we saw on television , she said someone ´ s spying on her father and that there ´ s a video file on him she wants to recover using the remote . '' 
 clarity saw cynthia give her the silent look , the look meaning that clarity was right , but that cynthia deserved to be right as well . 
 it was an odd situation of knowing they were both stranded , but not to the point of needing each other to get out . 
 they both reached for the minibar , looking for salted almonds , their favorite snack , which brought them together , easing their no-dependence attitude . 
 `` have you given some thought as to how to leave this place , it might be the important thought to consider now . '' 
 `` no , clarity , i ´ m pretty busy as it is , i have to wear all these clothes , for this sheikh , for that sheikh , we have to be chic for the sheikhs , all the time , clarity , because we have no money and we ´ re in this expensive hotel . 
 if i tell my father i ´ m in the middle east , in the united arab emirates , he ´ ll flip . 
 at least , we ´ re in the hyatt , but our phone doesn ´ t work . '' 
 she reached for the tv remote and turned on the flat panel television set facing the two double beds of the large room . 
 `` we have to watch the program , it ´ s time . '' 
 `` time for what ? '' 
 `` the adult channel , '' said cynthia . 
 her look of worry had turned to a content smile . 
 `` that ´ s how maxini said we ´ d get food and leave , by watching adult programming . 
 i enjoy it , my father refused to pay for the adult channels at home . '' 
 a title from erotic film director andrew blake appeared onscreen , ` abu dhabi chic ' , a special film made for telval studios , bahrain , based on the andrew blake film ` paris chic ' . 
 `` i ´ ve never seen this , '' said clarity , `` i just remember seeing night trips with lanai once , that ´ s about all i know of this director . '' 
 `` me neither , the film ´ s never been released in the west . 
 in bahrain , they don ´ t like what the filmmaker releases now , so they wanted their own production . 
 it ´ s pretty technical , talks about acupuncture points and reflexology . 
 it ´ s also interactive , one of the actresses spoke to me the other day , she wanted me to get naked , but i refused , i just showed her my bead in the back to let them know i ´ m one of the sheiks ´ hostesses . '' 
 `` can i see the remote ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 cynthia gave it to her and clarity saw that it could be the remote she was trying to find . 
 on the top panel , there was a dark yellow , nearly orange , champagne button . 
 she pressed on it , hoping the signal would reach money fact . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` let ´ s get some champagne , to celebrate my arrival . '' 
 she gave the remote back to cynthia . 
 `` the film ´ s interactive , so they ´ re filming you as well ? '' 
 `` not sure , when i ´ m not in the angle of the television , the women across the screen don ´ t know what i ´ m doing , i think . '' 
 two stunning women appeared onscreen , guiding a third to a library room full of ancient books on algebra and literature . 
 the task at hand was learning , and the third showed her backside while she held a leather-bound book to the other two , who ensured she was learning the lesson well , by tapping her bum lightly with her hand if she made a mistake . 
 `` i thought they ´ d release the video like the paris hilton video , that ´ s why i refused to get naked , '' said cynthia . 
 `` this film is good , i love it , third time i see it , it ´ s so sensual and well made . 
 where do you think is the key of learning that opens the safe ? 
 inside are the points of climax of a woman ´ s body and the keys of knowledge . '' 
 clarity sighed . 
 she knew that cynthia had changed , but she was wondering how exactly . 
 she looked closer at the screen , noticing a desk beside the women , and a notepad on it with several numbers . 
 behind the desk , there was a safe and a shelf with four books . 
 `` behind the fourth book , that safe lock is square , four sides . 
 i ´ m not sure , it could be anywhere in that library room . '' 
 cynthia pressed on the button of channel four to confirm the location of the key . 
 the television screen flashed a thai character resembling a horizontal apostrophy , and the panel holding the television set slid sideways with the t.v. , revealing an opening to the adjacent room , large enough to fit a person . 
 chapter three clarity and cynthia lifted their eyebrows and stepped forward towards the opening in the wall , left by the television set . 
 `` this hotel has a special layout , can you see what ´ s at the other end ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 cynthia reached inside the opening with her head . 
 `` it ´ s flower , she loves wearing arabian clothes , it makes her feel like a princess . 
 there ´ s some kind of see-through , glass window , she can ´ t hear me or even see me , i think . '' 
 there was a loud knock on the door . 
 clarity tiptoed towards the door and placed her ear against it , hearing the voice of mina . 
 `` according to the electronic monitoring panel , none of the rooms have been opened in the last thirty minutes except this one and room 510 . 
 she has to be in here , someone from this room ordered the new thai champagne . '' 
 clarity slid the door chain in place and backed quietly up towards cynthia , telling her to keep quiet . 
 she took the television remote control device , staring at the brand name : pentatone scale remote learning systems . 
 it was the same brand as the decryptor of penelope avalon , the decryptor that she felt she had earned as a result of her good investigation work in eleuthera . 
 she stepped on a leather sofa and crawled inside the opening left by the television set , followed by cynthia . 
 after crossing a horizontal red beam , the television panel slid back in place , and clarity looked ahead , reaching a hard surface that looked like a mirror . 
 across her , lanai was blowing her hair with a hair dryer , looking straight at her , and behind her , several women , naked and clothed , including taimi , jenna , and flower , were dancing to an arabian music choreography . 
 clarity tapped lightly on the mirror . 
 after a few minutes , she saw lanai look closer at the mirror . 
 the doorbell rang and one of the women , a woman clarity recognized from the hexas style fountain , opened the door to let mina inside . 
 `` any girls made their way here ? '' 
 flower answered . 
 `` that would be us , i don ´ t see any men . '' 
 `` i mean besides you . '' 
 `` not that we know of , is the cold chocolate with arabian coffee and milk ice cream ready ? '' 
 flower lifted her leg , and a sandal flew off , landing near the door . 
 `` no , we ´ re looking for the coffee you requested . 
 don ´ t pull any tricks on us , we ´ re watching you . '' 
 clarity saw mina close the door . 
 the modern choreography to the sound of amr diab ´ s habibi ya nour el ain , continued , and taimi turned up the volume . 
 `` she knows we don ´ t have money , and she knows that that man , bakal is paying for our stay , '' said flower , speaking to jenna . 
 lanai unplugged the blow dryer , and the mirror slid to the right , leaving clarity exposed inside the opening . 
 lanai reached towards her and touched clarity ´ s face , to ensure it was genuine . 
 `` it ´ s you ? '' 
 `` yeah , it ´ s me , get me out of here , i ´ m helping cynthia get out of the other room . 
 here , take this remote , while i get out . '' 
 lanai pulled clarity , then cynthia . 
 a flock of six girls gathered around them . 
 two of the women turned to cynthia , vying for the bead , made of lead , moving along her backside . 
 cynthia tapped their hands , insisting she was better at belly dancing with the bead than them . 
 flower stepped forward . 
 `` i haven ´ t told them about buddha talk , we ´ re sort of being led towards pleasure here by avene maxini , you know we ´ re in the middle east ? 
 this is a special room of silence , i think , there ´ s no way out of here , there are no phones , no email , we don ´ t speak arabic , we ´ re stuck here , we entered the gates . '' 
 `` i know we ´ re in the middle east , you should have let me handle avalon in eleuthera . 
 have you seen lady scafarel , it ´ s her we ´ re looking to arrest . 
 which gates do you mean ? '' 
 `` the gates of sexual ecstasy . 
 give me that remote , i want the chateaubriand today for lunch , '' said flower . 
 the words reminded clarity of her experience in the bahamas , where she ´ d experienced a twenty minute orgasm for the first time , with peaks and valleys , her longest climax ever . 
 `` no , i keep the remote for now . 
 what happened during the trip , how did you leave the hexas style resort ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 she moved towards the window and opened the blinds , letting natural sunshine inside the room . 
 the two women from eleuthera , one naked , one clothed in arabian night clothing , went back to dancing . 
 clarity knew one of them from eleuthera , the woman who searched for perfection by catching water from a fountain before it landed on the ground . 
 she moved towards a large desk . 
 on the desk was a guest book , which described the status of all the women in the room . 
 clarity noticed the names of taimi , jenna , flower , lanai and cynthia . 
 they were special assigned consorts to the emirate ´ s power broker , hamir bakal , a client of scafarel ´ s elony consort agency , providing items of sensual leisure including women , to the emirate ´ s power elite , which comprised politicians , military heads , scientific mavens , and high finance prodigies . 
 the book was signed with an ink pen , by all seven women in the room . 
 flower made the story simple , as everything else in her life was . 
 `` well , after we last saw you , we just came for hours , it was avene maxini and scafarel , they started showing us the jade egg and these adult videos with women that we ´ d never seen , and providing these wonderful , small battery operated dental fixtures that could also be used as sex toys . 
 we ´ d definitely never , ever seen or used these before , extremely refined and effectives items . 
 then , we were taken to avalon ´ s plane , and they gave us caviar canapés after leaving the bahamas . 
 finally , we woke up here , they must have put something in the caviar , i think i slept twenty three hours straight after i drank avalon ´ s earl grey tea . '' 
 chapter four `` hide , '' said lanai , her ear placed on the wall , `` get out in the balcony with cynthia , mako ´ s searching the other room , room 506 . 
 i ´ ll take care of the remote for you , clarity . '' 
 lanai extended her hand . 
 clarity kept lanai ´ s stare , and lifted her eyebrows . 
 the remote was attractive , extremely attractive , it even could be considered addictive , to some extent , that ´ s the conclusion money fact would have drawn . 
 it was important to keep things under control , to let the girls know that the remote and her own self went together . 
 `` no , i ´ ll keep the remote , you ´ re having a bit of trouble with it , i can see that , '' said clarity . 
 she pushed cynthia in front of her and opened the sliding doors , stepping on the adobe tiles of the terrace . 
 the woman from the fountain in eleuthera , named optesia , stepped outside as well , looking closely at the intricate arabic geometrical patterns of a tile on the terrace wall . 
 she was still looking for perfection , just as she was in eleuthera . 
 `` don ´ t ever push the vip button of the remote , '' she said . 
 clarity looked at the remote more closely . 
 it was coated grey plastic , with a pleasant blue light backlit screen showing the ten digits and a lower panel with several buttons , among them the champagne button , and one with the acronym vip , written on it . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 optesia pressed the channel button to ensure the adult listing of jim holliday adult movies including sex sorority kittens , was still there . 
 `` because bakal is ruthless , he ´ ll take us to the hotel cellar and leave us there , drinking only wine . 
 to be drunk all the time , it ´ s horrible , so far from perfection . '' 
 optesia ´ s sense of perfection was not on the same road as common sense and satisfaction , thought clarity . 
 but she sensed that the woman knew a lot of things which might be useful , when properly guided in conversation . 
 `` did you try the water fountain here as well optesia ? 
 you know you can catch the water before it falls every time here , it ´ s easier than in the bahamas , now you can feel perfect more easily . '' 
 `` i don ´ t trust the water , i drink only nordic mist tonic water . '' 
 `` because ... '' `` it ´ s made by coca cola , the perfect soft drink . '' 
 clarity looked at the remote control battery cover , remembering the words of money fact , about the remote control code , 57819 , which was etched on it . 
 ` fifty seven less one is fifty six , divided by seven is eight , eight is the third digit , watch out for that digit , there ´ s something odd in that digit . 
 then , notice , nine minus one , the fourth and fitfth digits , is eight , again the third digit , another sign that this remote control is special , there ´ s a numeral attractive notion towards the eighth digit . 
 press the champagne button of the remote carefully , and don ´ t drink the champagne , even if they tell you the champagne tastes like möet & chandon . 
 it ´ s just not the case , ko phi & nga is not french champagne , it ´ s thai champagne , there ´ s something odd about it , it was made by a monk defending a monastery from intruders . ' 
 clarity glanced outside the window at the reclining bed and the palm tree near the beach house , offering a gorgeous view of saadiyat beach . 
 a pool sign on the remote control device flashed the word atarmia spa . 
 she wondered how it felt to be pampered at a spa in such a nice setting in the middle east . 
 it was like living in malibu , without the celebrities . 
 `` optesia , ever thought that number eight was perfect ? '' 
 the eyes of optesia beamed . 
 `` eight is the perfect number , it ´ s the number of success , wealth , and business , cycles , and dogged determination . 
 if you place it horizontally , it ´ s the symbol of infinity . 
 infinity ´ s perfect , there ´ s no start and no finish . '' 
 clarity lifted her index finger and pressed the ko phi & nga champagne button of the remote again , this time really hoping money fact would be near them soon , with a rescue team , to rescue them from the hotel . 
 she looked at the television panel and screen inside their room , room 508 . 
 the channel had changed to a local restaurant channel , the kerala , advertising the thai champagne , featured by top chefs like atul kochhar of the benares indian restaurant in london , and laurent pillard of the burger bar in las vegas . 
 the floor inside them started to pivot , while the terrace lowered one foot in ten seconds . 
 `` get inside , the room ´ s moving , it ´ s perfect , '' said optesia . 
 within a few minutes the room had moved twenty feet away from cynthia ´ s room , room 506 , the room where clarity had picked up the remote . 
 before them , another room appeared , a two level penthouse suite , and a metal curtain lowered on room 508 . 
 the girls flocked towards the double beds to watch the adult program showing , while clarity checked the guest book signed by guests of the suite . 
 there was a name from the night before . 
 carrelson sterley , oil magnate , fairplay , colorado , population , 675 . 
 a beep interrupted the adult programming , during a crucial revelation moment . 
 an attractive blond girl answering to the name of nevena appeared onscreen instead , replacing the adult jungle movie about two naked women discovering fire for the first time near a lagoon , the fire of their arousal . 
 the girls flocked to the minibar , making use of their time to try out snacks while the program was on hold . 
 `` this is nevena , i ´ m in charge of domotics and information technology here at the hotel . 
 what room are you in , i ´ m speaking to the group , do you have permission to be in this room from mr. bakal , where is montana sterley ? '' 
 even flower , normally talkative , was intimidated by the woman speaking harshly to them , dressed in a white cotton shirt revealing a perfect cleavage . 
 clarity stepped forward , trying to see the brand of the shirt . 
 she wanted that cotton shirt , even if it meant leaving the woman speaking to her topless . 
 she knew the shirt would look good on her , for some reason she liked white cotton clothes . 
 `` we have permission , '' said clarity . 
 they even had the remote control but she wasn ´ t going to say that . 
 she saw nevena press a button and the television panel moved towards the window . 
 nevena had a camera looking through to the room , placed atop the television frame . 
 `` montana sterley should be there , by the window , but she isn ´ t there . 
 i ´ m alerting security to head for the penthouse suite , '' said nevena , `` don ´ t leave that room , someone will take you to another room and will ensure you ´ re using the proper remote control unit . '' 
 clarity took optesia aside . 
 `` optesia , what does domotics mean ? '' 
 `` domus informatics , information technology in the home , air conditioning , heating , tv ´ s , stereos , appliances , lights , all controlled by a single device . '' 
 `` i see , this woman , nevena controls the whole hotel by pressing buttons on several devices , then , '' said clarity . 
 `` it ´ s a good guess , '' said optesia , `` close to perfect , it ´ s very good , you have very good intuition . '' 
 `` why only close to perfect ? '' 
 `` there ´ s a single device which controls the hotel , not several , less work , i think this is bakal ´ s private penthouse . '' 
 clarity turned her back on the television screen and examined the remote control for an exit button . 
 the closest she found was a pink button . 
 pink was a nice color , there should be something good associated with it . 
 she pressed on the pink button of the remote towards the flat panel high definition television . 
 a red laser beam flashed towards the tv set and a classified sign appeared onscreen on channel 108 , the adult pay-per-view channel of the park hyatt in abu dhabi . 
 the system requested a code , and she typed the five number code of the remote that she had memorized , 57819 . 
 the videotape was not a film by andrew blake , it was produced by scafarel through telval studios , and was meant for bakal , it showed a strategic dossier on carrelson sterley , the colorado oil tycoon who was touring the middle east with his twenty one year old daughter montana , searching for possible oil and food segment buyout targets , and also for the boustrophedon , to bring back to fairplay in colorado for the open air museum called south park city . 
 the file on carrelson sterley was well prepared , it explained intimate details of his life , like how he always washed his rolls royce convertible corniche from left to right , because it reminded him of reading a business report correctly . 
 carrelson sterley enjoyed the company of beautiful women since his wife kelly jane had fled with a tennis instructor to a paradise island in the pacific , with five thousand dollars , inside a private jet , a jet resold for cash to a philipino wealthy businessman , while refueling in fidji . 
 with the cash , the couple lived happily in fidji , where they had obtained a passport . 
 carrelson sterley did not know that , neither of those facts , despite hiring a local private detective . 
 since then , montana ´ s father kept a rolodex of escort service agencies , and scafarel provided some of the beautiful women he enjoyed for conversation and vigorous exercise , which is how he viewed lovemaking . 
 he frequented the women and remembered their names to forget his wife , and the women remembered him , kelly caroline , kelly ann , and kelly shelley . 
 kelly shelley reminded him of a new name for a subway combo sandwich , his favorite snack when traveling to the east coast in the u.s. . 
 a small screen appeared on the top left of the television screen images , a second side-screen showing mako entering the room adjacent to cynthia ´ s room , room 508 , the room where she had found lanai , finding bakal there , looking for the thai champagne bottles . 
 she pressed the plus volume button to hear the conversation , and the report on carrelson sterley disappeared , replaced by a live view of room 508 . 
 bakal was handsome , in his thirties , mako wasn ´ t. `` where are all the women and my remote ? 
 do you have the no-explosion bottles ? '' 
 asked bakal . 
 `` cynthia stevenson , one of the women must have taken the remote from your penthouse when you requested that the seven women from hexas style perform the macarena dance for you . 
 the bottles haven ´ t exploded this time , there ´ s thread around the cork , as with a usual bottle of champagne . '' 
 `` where are the women now ? '' 
 `` in your penthouse , we think . '' 
 `` that ´ s not far from here , can we look at the penthouse with the cameras ? '' 
 said bakal . 
 he placed his right hand on his forehead , thinking . 
 his shrewd uncle had taught him to think when problems arose . 
 he hadn ´ t taught him how to think , though , which was sort of annoying as nephew . 
 `` no , there ´ s something wrong with the domotic system . 
 the women from hexas style are inside the hotel , we know that for a fact , they simply have a remote which is more than that , it ´ s an important domotic device , the one that should have been delivered to this room and was delivered to your penthouse instead . 
 there ´ s another woman who came in today inside the thai champagne boxes , you order that ? '' 
 `` another woman , no , the women are already here , and i thought you had the remote for me . '' 
 `` we had the remote , and you also had it , we just didn ´ t know where it was at the time you had it . '' 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` we don ´ t know , that ´ s why we ´ re here , otherwise you ´ d be in your penthouse . '' 
 mako lifted a large box atop his shoulders , wobbling forward to the bed . 
 `` here are the ko phi & nga champagne boxes you requested , the thread in the bottles indicates the information you requested is part of the boxes . '' 
 the corpulent hyatt employee pointed to a trolley carrying several woodden boxes filled with champagne . 
 bakal used an axe lowered from the ceiling to break the wood of two boxes . 
 `` the full code of the remote is there , etched in one of the bottles , according to scafarel , and i need that code and the remote to watch the strategic file on sterley and his business interests , and to find my own pathway of adult pleasure . 
 carrelson sterley ´ s not buying any of my companies , i want to know more about his private life instead , and about that boustrophedon , the famous code of pleasure scafarel discussed with me in private , in the yacht , the yacht that i paid , with the money i earned , those hundreds of thousands of dollars i keep in the yacht as spare money , but that weren ´ t enough to grant me access to her personal pleasure coaching services . '' 
 bakal stared at mako , expecting an answer . 
 mako growled , knowing an answer was expected of him . 
 `` you want me to tell you you ´ re rich ? '' 
 `` wealthy , but rich is fine . '' 
 `` you ´ re rich , it ´ s true , you have a lot of money , it may not be enough , but it ´ s a lot of money , i ´ d say that . '' 
 mako looked at bakal with sullen eyes , knowing the statement was correct , wondering whether bakal would request something else . 
 `` thank you , i needed that , '' said bakal , tapping the desk with his fingers . 
 he wanted to bed scafarel ´ s assistant , avene maxini , in order to know the secrets of sexual ecstasy , and he knew that the women in the penthouse would allow him to do that , for maxini , twenty five , liked attractive women , as much as men . 
 chapter five clarity pushed the stop button of the remote to stop the report on carrelson sterley . 
 a set of indications flashed onscreen , maintenance room 3l , near the conference room , on the fifth floor . 
 she looked at the women from hexas style , they were frolicking in the bed , changing positions and choreographies reminiscent of sexual yoga . 
 in front of her , jenna was ensuring lanai ´ s thong was in place , while taimi checked the thong of jenna , and lanai buttoned flower ´ s jeans , covering a hugging belly chain with rings and red gem made by shanell . 
 cynthia was dancing , showing her back to them , in particular the bead bouncing off her sacrum , observed by flower . 
 `` i mean , you ´ re just enjoying this way of life here , '' said clarity , `` you genuinely like pleasure so much now as to forget everything else , was it scafarel or maxini who did that ? '' 
 `` scafarel put us in the jacuzzi for five hours here , the swirling whirlpools did the rest , it feels really good on your lower body , clarity , you should try it . 
 still , now that we ´ re here , it ´ s less scary to do this than to think we ´ re trapped , '' said flower , `` it ´ s not a bad strategy . 
 how does this bead work exactly cynthia ? '' 
 clarity searched the drawers of one of the desks and found a diagram of the hotel . 
 she found the sketch corresponding to the fifth floor and during several minutes searched for room 3l . 
 the architect of the hotel had tampered with the layout , room 3l , room 3l , was inside the conference room , and the conference room was the real name of ... her finger followed the reference to the next page . 
 her eyes widened . 
 the conference room was the penthouse , the penthouse suite on the fifth floor where they were . 
 she turned the diagram clockwise to align the positioning of the room with the position of room 3l . 
 room 3l was in the back towards her left . 
 the bathroom , she thought , room 3l was bathroom number three on the second floor , which no one had explored yet . 
 she walked upstairs and entered bathroom 3 , noticing a large television set that was showing a well made aerobics adult film . 
 she found a closet in the bathroom corresponding to room 3l and opened the door , coming face to face with a naked girl with long , blond hair , montana sterley , screwdriver in hand , ready to work on the cabling system relayed to the television screen . 
 `` finally , my father came through , you ´ re with police or security , i hope coming to get me out of here ? '' 
 the question took clarity off guard . 
 she wasn ´ t used to working undercover because she wasn ´ t sure she was an agent , money fact had said nothing to that effect , to the effect of being part of the sensual intelligence brigade of central intelligence . 
 she gave the girl a towel , which flew out instantly into the bathtub . 
 montana liked to walk around naked when she was working . 
 `` not exactly police , sensual intelligence brigade , '' said clarity . 
 she mumbled the next sentence . 
 `` i ´ m a beginning agent . '' 
 montana sterley didn ´ t flinch , she looked into the eyeballs of clarity and seemed appeased by the girl ´ s honest , gentle look . 
 she looked beyond clarity . 
 seven women were peeking inside the bathroom . 
 `` you look like a teleoperator , '' said montana . 
 clarity became pale . 
 `` how did you know , we barely met , i met you barely , that is , i mean you don ´ t know me . '' 
 `` one of your friends is showing a photo of you to the other women , with one of those cordless headphones with a microphone . '' 
 clarity turned around and saw lanai explaining to optesia the flower sprinkler system working at the entrance of stevenson garden products in malibu , and clarity ´ s role as teleoperator there . 
 `` they wanted to know who you are , '' said lanai . 
 clarity sighed . 
 so much for brigade intelligence undercover identity . 
 montana stepped in front of clarity and the women , and left the bathroom , jumping on the large bed with a quilt , reaching for her jeans . 
 `` good , i need some sensual intelligence to fix this adult film mess here . '' 
 montana requested the remote control , ensuring channel 108 was still putting out adult content . 
 using a small pen drive that she carried with her ralph lauren clothes , she was taping all adult films to resell them in hong kong , where the pentatone learning systems remote control device had been manufactured , in order to buy the company distributing the remote , the socal company . 
 bakal had received a concession from the makers of the remote to import the remotes in abu dhabi , in exchange for showing adult films produced by scafarel ´ s telval in luxury hotels . 
 clarity and montana came back inside the bathroom to pick up montana ´ s clothes . 
 the television screen stopped showing the adult feature , replaced by nevena , dressed in white lingerie . 
 montana glared at the woman . 
 `` that ´ s my aubade number fifty three underwear set , give it back to me . '' 
 `` your money and your father are powerless here , we own this hotel , we own your lingerie , we own you in fact , '' said nevena . 
 optesia came inside the room and took both girls out of the bathroom . 
 `` they know where we are , they want the remote , we have to hold on to it to get out of here . 
 only avene maxini knows the full reach of the remote , it opens the deepest avenues of pleasure for the wealthy and the powerful and the well known , the established global elite . '' 
 `` does it open the avenues of pleasure for us as well ? '' 
 asked flower , `` i like the idea of becoming part of the global selected few who live well in posh avenues of good clothing gear and refined jewelry . '' 
 montana stepped towards the large balcony of the suite , filled with a large ficus shrub . 
 a line of ten large cars , all painted black , was entering the hotel . 
 the colorado cowgirl reached for the remote control and switched channels until she reached abu dhabi news front on channel nine , the channel of the hotel itself . 
 the voice of nevena announced the changes at the hotel leisurely and calmly . 
 `` the hotel is now closed to new customers , as the softside adult industry conference will be held in the hotel for the week . 
 please get your access badge at the front desk . 
 all guests and passengers coming into abu dhabi from the airport or from dubai will be sent to other luxury hotels , at the jumeirah at etihad towers , with a view on the arabian gulf , at the emirates palace on west corniche road , or at the yas abu dhabi on yas island . 
 we hope you have a pleasant stay in abu dhabi . '' 
 for the next hour , clarity heard all the rooms of the hotel emptying . 
 all the guests were leaving . 
 she tried opening the penthouse ´ s door leading to the corridor . 
 it was closed . 
 clarity heard a beep . 
 montana reached for her jeans , showing her backside to clarity , and held an apple iphone in her hands . 
 `` it ´ s nevena , she just loves to tease me , bakal is asking my father for ransom , two hundred seventy three million , eight hundred forty three thousand two hundred seventy eight dollars . 
 the two seventy eight is what i ´ ve spent on adult films so far here , the eight hundred forty three thousand correspond to the price of a lamborghini sponsored by virgin that my father bought at dubai duty free . 
 good , good , i got over two hundred million dollars in value , my five year allowance , now my father will take me seriously . '' 
 `` you ´ re glad your life has a price ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` i tell my father to start putting me on the board of directors of his companies , i know i can add economic value added to them , net operating profit after tax , minus capital employed , which is working capital plus inventory , or equity plus long term debt , times weighted average cost of capital . 
 he says i ´ m too young to add value , twenty one is not too young , it ´ s the right time to start taking over businesses . 
 can you call some additional intelligence , like backup , like special forces backup , like assault forces i mean ? '' 
 `` no , i ´ m it , backup and forefront . '' 
 montana eyed clarity ´ s breastline . 
 `` well , you may be good , but it may take a while to get out of here , then , hotel security is pretty sturdy , you know . 
 god , i know i ´ m going to end up like paris hilton , i just know it , naked on the internet , and it bugs me , it bugs me because she did it at twenty , and i ´ m twenty one . 
 i knew this take over idea in the middle east to grow new food markets wasn ´ t good . '' 
 clarity looked at the perfect breasts of montana while one of the women gave her an intimissimi dentelle bra fitting her thirty six , apple shaped breast size . 
 montana turned her back on clarity and placed the bra on her breasts . 
 `` where ´ s your father ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` not sure , my father could be anywhere , it ´ s kelly heather ´ s turn this week , i think , '' said montana . 
 `` this is not happening , '' said clarity , `` we ´ re in the hyatt , a nice western hotel , but there are no phone lines , no internet , no wireless connection other than with the hotel , and we have no badge to move around here or get out . '' 
 clarity looked outside the terrace of the penthouse . 
 several cars were blocking access to the entrance of the hotel , delivering cases of champagne from chile , south africa , new zealand and australia . 
 no one was leaving or entering the hotel without a champagne bottle , or more importantly , without hamir bakal ´ s authorization , the authorization of the official power broker of the emir , the only man in the emirate who drank thai champagne instead of the traditional , luxury brands of dom perignon or moët et chandon . 
 she heard the noise of several tumblers near the entrance door lock . 
 `` the domotic system ´ s working again , all doors are locked , we can ´ t get out of here , '' said optesia , `` this is not perfect , it ´ s not perfection at all , it ´ s very imperfect , close to flawed . 
 it ´ s the woman with the silver butterfly . '' 
 chapter six montana donned her jeans and shirt and stared at optesia . 
 `` who ´ s the woman with the silver butterfly , '' said montana . 
 `` avene maxini , put on channel fifty three , it ´ s her channel , where she shows up making love with nevena some times , for show . '' 
 the women frowned . 
 they didn ´ t like channel fifty three , because it meant performing for maxini to get lunch or dinner . 
 they sat together on one of the king sized beds , as though getting ready for a pajama party . 
 clarity looked at the large television screen at saw a navel shown at close up range , showing below it a small , silver butterfly delicately moving in pendulum motion , sustained by an intricate belly chain made of silver . 
 `` that ´ s the navel of avene maxini , '' said optesia . 
 `` live ? '' 
 asked montana . 
 `` i ´ m pretty sure , the silver butterfly looks authentic , '' said optesia , walking closer to the screen . 
 clarity used the remote to zoom out of the navel and a gorgeous face appeared . 
 `` this is avene maxini , you better listen to me if you want your next lunch . '' 
 avene maxini was twenty five years old , she had shoulder length brown hair , brown eyes , and the tanned body and flat stomach of a fitness woman used to doing aerobics every day . 
 she was wearing a black and pink tank top which said ` profitable and employed ' , and which left her navel naked and visible . 
 she clasped the silver butterfly moving from her navel with her index finger , swaying it left and right , left and right , left and right . 
 `` stop that , '' said clarity . 
 she spoke to the screen to see if there was a camera filming them . 
 maxini placed her hand on the butterfly to stop the swaying movement and moved her face closer to the screen . 
 `` sterley , i want to see you , meet us outside the penthouse in three minutes with that other woman holding the remote , and bring the remote , '' said maxini . 
 the screen flashed a bright white light and turned off . 
 clarity tried turning the television set on , but it wouldn ´ t respond to the remote . 
 the same thing happened with other channels , the remote wasn ´ t working after the white light flashed onscreen . 
 montana donned her loafers and moved towards the kitchen area , grabbing a glass . 
 clarity observed her flawless backside , nice and firm , and round . 
 nothing to say , she could become a member of sun on the rocks , number seven on the synchronized swimming team . 
 `` we ´ re in trouble , '' said montana , `` i ´ m going to need all of your intelligence , your sensual intelligence specially . 
 maxini ´ s after my money , she wants to break me , and to sleep with me and with nevena at the same time . '' 
 `` we ´ d be in trouble even if she only wanted to see us , it seems that she owns this place , '' said clarity , `` we can ´ t get out unless she says so . '' 
 `` she doesn ´ t own this place , my father ´ s a shareholder of the hyatt . 
 she wants my father to sell all of his shares for a dollar , in exchange for me , that ´ s why the hotel ´ s closed to tourists this week . 
 all of this is happening because i refused to be with her and two other wealthy women for a week at a resort in the bahamas . 
 have a glass of water , we have a minute and a half left . '' 
 sitting in a chair in the back looking at the terrace , flower pointed towards clarity . 
 `` hide that remote , if maxini finds it , we don ´ t get out of here . '' 
 clarity nodded , the remote controlled the domotic system , and the domotic system sometimes worked according to the remote ´ s frequency . 
 after careful deliberation , they decided to place it in the room ´ s safe . 
 `` it ´ s the most obvious place , '' said clarity . 
 `` it may be obvious , but i just changed the combination , they ´ ll have to work through 999 numbers to open it . '' 
 clarity glanced at flower , who was drawing , sketching something on a pad . 
 `` the ficus in the terrace , '' said flower , `` hide it in the pot , buried . '' 
 `` better idea , '' said montana . 
 she opened the safe and threw the remote to clarity , who caught it with her right hand . 
 `` fifty nine seconds , '' said cynthia , looking at her steel bracelet rolex datejust with a pink dial . 
 taimi , jenna and lanai walked towards flower , who was drawing a picture of her earring , which maxini ´ s boss , cassandra scafarel , still had . 
 across the earring , she drew the shape of a buddha , oddly looking like buddha talk . 
 `` you don ´ t mean you like buddha talk ? '' 
 `` i ´ m not sure , he said he ´ d take me to ecstasy , i ´ m starting to believe in sexual ecstasy . '' 
 `` and before , you believed in what ? '' 
 `` in sexual , '' said flower . 
 `` sexual ? '' 
 `` just sexual , i mean sex , wasn ´ t sure about love , because i thought if you mix sex and love , you might get pregnant . '' 
 `` you might get pregnant in any case , '' said clarity , `` i mean , penelope is more attractive than buddha talk . '' 
 flower ensured buddha talk was depicted in a lotus position . 
 `` anyway , i know buddha talk takes precautions , i give him the benefit of the doubt on ecstasy , on ecstasy with me , that is . '' 
 `` with you and seventy eight other women . '' 
 `` i don ´ t give any benefit to the other women . '' 
 lanai opened a drawer and instead of st. james bible , found a copy of decadence , the book addressing pleasure , the shortcomings of pleasure , and the various ways to address them . 
 `` they really live by an adult code of leisure , here , '' said lanai , `` i wonder if it ´ s used in prayer . '' 
 clarity sprinted to the terrace with the remote in her hand . 
 an icon previously unnotticed drew her attention . 
 there was a silver butterfly button in the back of the remote . 
 she thought of money fact and pressed on the button , a courageous agent would do that , she thought . 
 then , she planted the remote control below the earth of the pot , carefully covering it . 
 hopefully , it was an earth and dust resistant remote . 
 the entrance door unlocked . 
 it was time to meet maxini , the ultra goddess of pleasure that money fact had told her to avoid . 
 the door lock tumbler turned , indicating it was time for the corridor meeting . 
 clarity opened the entrance door and walked out to the corridor , followed by montana , who donned a cashmere , cream color turtleneck sweater . 
 less than forty feet away , avene maxini was walking briskly with nevena , followed by bakal and five large security agents dressed in black suits , all speaking through cordless radios , two of them carrying a cell phone . 
 mako closed the caravane , pushing a cart filled with a full dinner , including warm food covered by a silver cover . 
 maxini stopped in front of montana , throwing a proud look to her and to clarity , who noticed that nevena was eyeing her . 
 `` the remote , sterley . '' 
 montana crossed her arms . 
 `` we don ´ t have the remote . '' 
 maxini eyed one of the security guards , who spoke for several seconds in arabic . 
 clarity threw a glance at bakal , he was holding a bottle of ko phi & nga champagne in his hands , examining the label at a slanted angle . 
 `` they must have found the camera on/off button , we lost track of the room for a few minutes , we ´ ll have to search for the remote , '' answered the agent . 
 maxini lifted her head and stared at montana . 
 clarity noticed that her tank top was different , it now said ` profitable , still employed . '' 
 `` you know what you ´ re going to do , '' said maxini , `` if you want to leave this place , that is . 
 your father ´ s on his way to colorado , he couldn ´ t find his passport , '' she said , holding a u.s. passport in her hand . 
 nevena extended a rectangular cell phone device in front of them , looking for montana ´ s passport . 
 she found it in montana ´ s back pocket and grabbed it in victory . 
 montana growled . 
 `` i ´ m not shooting an adult film here , not while you ´ re watching , if anything , i ´ ll do it with my own production company , but i ´ ll do that in l.a. that ´ s where the adult industry is , and if i do it , i ´ ll do it for my protection , so that no one knows my real identity as the daughter of a colorado oil billionnaire . 
 i won ´ t work for you or for scafarel or for telval studios . 
 ever . '' 
 maxini smiled . 
 `` never say the n word , say the name nevena instead . 
 you ´ re just scared , montana , you ´ ll shoot adult here in the hotel , with the other eight women in that room , and you ´ ll all be broadcast in the emirates most powerful homes , from our adult channel , the one you watched all night the first night you slept here , when i came to bring you dinner acting like a maid . '' 
 montana lifted her index finger to mean no . 
 `` no go , can ´ t do that , can ´ t shoot adult , my father will refuse to put me in any board of directors , i ´ m not going the way of paris hilton , period . 
 i ´ m not sleeping with you either . '' 
 montana stared at the security guards , who all looked away , moving their heads to their right in unison . 
 `` that ´ s not an option anymore , sleeping with me is not valid with cassandra , you have to shoot adult , mr. bakal paid for that , '' said maxini . 
 bakal scratched his forehead and lifted the dinner tray , uncovering a lobster . 
 mako handed him a nut cracker to crack the lobster pinces . 
 `` i thought you could seduce any woman , '' said montana . 
 `` i can have twenty four hours of sex , you can ´ t and you won ´ t learn how to , because you or your father won ´ t find the boustrophedon and its hidden code of pleasure . '' 
 chapter seven clarity and montana showed maxini and bakal inside the penthouse . 
 bakal tested the door access plastic card several times , until the green light indicating the door was opening , worked consistently . 
 mako pushed the lunch tray inside the penthouse . 
 `` the domotic system ´ s working again , '' said bakal . 
 maxini walked straight through to the sofa area and pushed sideways the frame of a modern pattern by kandinsky . 
 behind the painting was a mechanism activating a hidden camera . 
 maxini pressed on it , and the painting turned into a screen . 
 within seconds , maxini rewinded footage to see clarity hide the remote in the terrace , and scafarel ´ s assistant walked outside , recovering the remote minutes later . 
 `` everyone ´ s looking at us from different angles , at different times , '' said flower , `` we ´ re models . '' 
 `` we ´ re letting you eat this time , get ready to peform , we ´ re coming with the cameras at six o ´ clock , put on what ´ s in the bunny box so you can take if off during shooting . '' 
 clarity saw mina bring a large carton gift box which included a large ribbon . 
 after eating their late lunch , clarity opened the bunny box , it was filled with scantily bride outfits . 
 `` the name of the film is ` arabian brides on a weekend together ' , said sterley , `` maxini wants to turn me into her bride . '' 
 she glanced at the window , noticing a man washing the glass , carried through each floor by a truss and platform . 
 `` i have an idea , '' said clarity . 
 the man washing the windows , a good man named habib , thought his luck changed on that day , thinking that christianity wasn ´ t so bad after all . 
 he saw clarity and montana hop on his platform , dressed as scantily brides . 
 montana was wearing a see-through , embroidered lace mini-skirt gown made by zahia dehar , a risque designer known for fitting light clothing gear to women headed for the altar . 
 the colorado heiress was holding a bouquet of white , sun tolerant azaleas and her head was covered by a veil . 
 clarity wore a g-string bikini brief wedding dress , made of tiny segments of fabric joined together by a main body white strip , enshrouded with a vaporous white veil , all made by kaviar gauche , and shown at the mercedes fashion week in berlin , creating agitation and ado and commotion in fashion circles . 
 both of them wore high heeled platforms . 
 montana was wearing a large green emerald replica on her forehead , held by a metal chainlet . 
 they explained to the hotel window cleaner that the emerald was a camera and that they were shooting an adult film . 
 `` yes , i know , me adult , you adult too , me like you and green stone , where is camera ? '' 
 asked habib . 
 `` it ´ s in the emerald my friend is wearing , '' said clarity , turning her back on the window-cleaning man . 
 `` pull us down to the ground floor , we ´ re shooting arabian brides window washing , '' said montana . 
 she held the squeegee and ran it downwards across the window , staying in balance by pressing on clarity ´ s bum . 
 after several minutes of frantic window-cleaning , the girls reached the ground floor and habib opened the gate to let them out of the platform . 
 `` we are married now , '' said habib . 
 `` well , we ´ re married to each other , '' said clarity , pointing to montana , `` but you are our best man . '' 
 `` best ? '' 
 asked habib . 
 the truss screeched upward carrying the hyatt employee with the platform , raised and lowered by steel cables , secured by davit arms on the roof . 
 `` it means good , nice , champion , the one , being on the 212 guest list of carolina herrera , '' said montana . 
 `` two one two , you two , one two left , three more women , '' said habib , lifting his platform again . 
 `` me go to penthouse floor again for more women , missing one two of two one two , me count well , five not two . '' 
 clarity and montana entered the lobby , looking for regular clients , to alert them of their being prisoner at the hotel . 
 they found a couple carrying their luggage to the airport shuttle , one of the last guests to leave the hotel . 
 `` sir , we ´ re trapped here at the hotel , there ´ s a man who wants to own us , '' said montana . 
 the man , dressed in tweed pants and brown turtleneck turned around and smiled , without making much of a fuss . 
 he was carrying a copy of a book on the sacred feminine and his wife was carrying part two of the book , a book speaking of a lost symbol . 
 `` it ´ s not a very appropriate dress code you ´ re wearing , you know we ´ re in the emirates . '' 
 `` it ´ s not our dress code , sir , '' said montana , `` but we ´ re available to keep you and your wife sacred feminine company . 
 where are you flying tonight ? '' 
 `` new york , via dubai and london . '' 
 `` we ´ re going with you , '' said montana , `` i have to return my dress in london to zahia dehar . '' 
 the woman spoke to the driver of the van . 
 `` mako , get these ladies out of here , they ´ re bothering us . '' 
 clarity looked through the windshield , it was mako indeed . 
 before her , a row of official cars blocked all access to the road , among them a navy blue mercedes e 350 coupe . 
 several agents got off their cars . 
 exit out of the hotel , to the airport , was difficult , not impossible , but difficult , thought clarity . 
 `` let ´ s go inside , montana , there ´ s no exit here , '' said clarity . 
 `` there ´ s no exit inside , exit is outdoors . '' 
 `` i know , but there may be a phone . '' 
 they ran across the lobby , watched by a security guard , who was yelling in arabic to go back to their room . 
 from the door leading to the garden and the pool , they saw avene maxini speaking with penelope avalon , the spokesperson of the elony beauty lotion , the beauty product of scafarel that was sold illegally throughout the caribbean , pending fda approval . 
 clarity picked up a reception phone and dialed donway ´ s number , pushing aside the receptionist with a hip movement . 
 his voicemail answered , she decided to leave a message . 
 `` donway , we ´ re at the hyatt , the park hyatt in abu dhabi , get money fact , quickly , we found maxini , '' said clarity , before putting down the receiver . 
 `` it ´ s her , the one on the right , she ´ s responsible for the debacle at hexas style , '' said avalon . 
 maxini placed her cell phone in the pocket of her jeans . 
 `` we have them , they ´ re cornered at reception , turn off the phone system , no more outside calls . '' 
 chapter eight clarity stood behind the reception counter , watching mina , who was in charge of reception , move away towards the lobby area , with a look of apprehension on her face . 
 maxini was speaking on her cell phone , as though taking orders , fifty feet away , while penelope avalon stepped inside the coffee shop area to order a glass of red bull with fresh mint and tonic water , her favorite drink . 
 five guards appeared out of nowhere , dressed in wrestling gear . 
 clarity pressed on montana ´ s head who slid below the counter with the reception phone . 
 `` we ´ re not getting out of here , '' said clarity , hiding behind the desk . 
 montana was trying to call her father with the reception phone , but the line was going dead each time she dialed the u.s. country code , one . 
 the five security guards carrying cordless two-way radios had changed into wrestling outfits , because they were going to be involved in the ` arabian brides ' adult film . 
 mako guided the first security guard , who was wearing a brute great britain flag sublimated international wrestling singlet , an ideal wrestling gift according to the makers of the outfit . 
 the guard dismantled montana ´ s hideout place behind the reception counter . 
 he tripped on an electricity cable deftly placed by montana , and recovered the reception computer screen used for reservations with his hands before his face crushed the screen . 
 bending his legs like a sumo wrestler , he lifted montana and placed her on his shoulder , her head facing his back . 
 a second security guard approached clarity , who made several , football side stepping moves that she had seen linebacks do before they hit offense . 
 a third guard wearing a wrestling singlet that said ` looking for arabian bride ' , pushed the second guard ´ s shyness away , sending him forward towards clarity . 
 the guard simply took clarity by the waist and lifted her straight up . 
 clarity observed that he was wearing the patented cliff keen four-strap foam signature wrestling headgear , the best-selling wrestling ear guard of all time . 
 clarity threw a glance at the lobby of the hotel . 
 lest for the agents , maxini , nevena and avalon , the lobby was empty . 
 she gulped , feeling the discomfort of those about to perform . 
 she tried whispering to him as they were led to the lifts of the hotel . 
 `` put me down , i ´ ll teach you several words in engligh , you ´ ll rise up the hotel ladder here , and become employee of the month . '' 
 the guard ignored the gentle offer repeated by clarity for clarity . 
 clarity lost a platform and tapped on the guard ´ s ear with her hand . 
 `` my platform , my foot ´ s feeling too light . '' 
 the guard kneeled to the floor and picked up the shoe , bringing it to her hands . 
 clarity grabbed the shoe and smacked the guard ´ s back with it . 
 `` stop tickle , '' said the guard . 
 she used her hands to steer away from the elevator panel and montana ´ s head , as the guards stepped in the elevator with the other three agents bumping in . 
 the elevator was full . 
 `` we ´ ll take another elevator , '' said maxini . 
 the door panels closed and the soft sound of the girl from ipanema filled the enclosed area . 
 `` can you press floor five , '' said one of the agents , speaking to clarity . 
 `` can ´ t reach it , i ´ m too high , your friend carrying my friend should be able to reach it . '' 
 clarity ´ s guard moved left and her face came against montana ´ s bum cheeks , brushing them . 
 montana ´ s guard turned around suddenly to reach for the elevator floor button , and her lips met montana ´ s lips unintentionally . 
 montana blushed and recovered her composure , while clarity ´ s hand kept pushing off the lacquered far panel of the elevator . 
 the guards played musical chairs until one of them was able to hit the fifth elevator floor , leading to the penthouse . 
 clarity looked at the panel of the elevator and recognized the design of the boustrophedon , the same stone lanai had studied in eleuthera , bahamas , at scafarel ´ s hexas style resort . 
 quite possibly , the code of pleasure and sexual ecstasy was before her eyes . 
 `` can you move closer to the wall , there ´ s a code of pleasure i need to examine . '' 
 hearing the word pleasure , all five agents turned around towards the panel simultaneously , and clarity found herself staring at the elevator door panels , her body carried on the shoulder of a guard who was wearing an nypd wrestling singlet , and was lifting her like a feather . 
 the elevator doors opened and she came face to face with maxini , who was swaying her navel butterfly gently . 
 avalon had disappeared , but maxini was wearing her pink tank top , indicating they had swapped clothing tops purportedly , in a decadent act of clothing exchange . 
 `` bring them to the penthouse , you are going to be part of a harem for life , '' said maxini , `` because you created havoc at hexas style . 
 no one harms cassandra scafarel ´ s interests , or prevent a single bottle of elony lotion from being sold . '' 
 `` elony ´ s not my notion of beauty . '' 
 `` i said lotion . '' 
 `` i know , my notion ´ s different , there ´ s no lotion in my notion . '' 
 `` my motion could change your notion , you don ´ t know the meaning of beauty . 
 you ´ ll be the perfect gift for a harem , '' said maxini , scoffing at her . 
 `` you ´ re kidding , there are no harems today , '' said clarity taking a closer look at the geometric pattern of the corridor ´ s carpet . 
 `` you ´ re right , we ´ re innovators , you ´ re among the first in a revival , '' said maxini . 
 clarity saw that maxini wasn ´ t kidding or in a mood to do so . 
 they stepped inside the penthouse and one of the guards dropped her on one of the twin beds . 
 nevena spoke to maxini . 
 `` the domotic system ´ s not working , something got inside the remote i think , earth , or dust , creating a problem with the front doors at the entrance . 
 this is all because it was made in china . '' 
 `` let ´ s go to the maintenance area where the cameras are , '' said maxini . 
 he turned to clarity and montana . 
 `` mr. bakal will be here any minute , he ´ ll be with you all night . '' 
 `` who are you spending the night with ? '' 
 asked montana . 
 `` penelope avalon , '' said maxini . 
 scafarel ´ s assistant closed the door behind her , leaving clarity and montana with the security guards and her friends . 
 `` why did you ask her that ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` i sort of like her , she annoys me , but i sort of like her assertiveness . 
 avalon turns me on , she ´ s so sexy and nice and good looking and healthy . '' 
 `` i know , she ´ s very healthy and she ´ s sweet as well , but maxini ´ s not on our side , you can ´ t befriend her , it ´ s not good for you . '' 
 `` yeah , but i know where she ´ s sleeping tonight , and with whom . '' 
 night time was approaching in abu dhabi , it was nearly eight in the evening . 
 the girls had a light dinner , a few pieces of chicken and a small dish of pasta with oregano and organic tomato sauce . 
 together with the seven other women and including her friends , clarity and montana negotiated a strip bridge card game delaying tactic , to prevent the five guards from simply taking off their clothes and creating a bums up row of attractive women in sexercise position , wearing embroidery to cover their breasts and midline parts , leaving their bottoms in open view . 
 `` do you know how to play bridge ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` no , that ´ s the whole point , while we learn how to play bridge , they can ´ t shoot the film . 
 believe me , bridge is complicated . '' 
 a guard turned on the large screen television set of the penthouse manually , and a couple appeared , having a candlelight dinner , discussing a softside adult package on the table . 
 clarity ´ s guard scratched his head . 
 `` this , not adult , '' said the guard , `` us night adult with you , mr. bakal said that . '' 
 `` press one zero eight , it ´ s the adult channel , that way , you won ´ t have to play bridge , '' said montana . 
 the guard followed montana ´ s indication , pressing the channel plus button , until the pay-per-view clear blue screen showing five adult titles appeared . 
 an advertisement flashed onscreen before the film feature ` arabian brides pre-nuptials ' started to show two maids kneeling on a tiled floor in underwear , supervised by an attractive woman executive supervising the maids ´ positions . 
 the adult channel was available to well-to-do households in the emirates , in addition to being available at the park hyatt . 
 access cost was one thousand dollars a year , and adult content was available only to those purchasing the pentatone scale adult learnings systems remote offered and imported by bakal on an exclusive license . 
 chapter nine after the adult program finished , clarity convinced the security guards to leave the room , recommending them to learn the rules of bridge so that the game of strip bridge with them could be carried out properly . 
 the guards agreed only because montana agreed to show them briefly the colorado twin mountains she embodied gracefully . 
 clarity walked to the minibar , looking for organic juice , finding a bottle of apricot juice . 
 refreshed by the taste of fruit , she changed clothes , getting rid of her slightly uncomforatable bridal suit , replacing it with jeans and a pink color crew neck made of light wool . 
 the penthouse was gorgeous , it was spaceous and clean and luxurious , a place difficult to leave or ignore in its lush splendor . 
 `` how many cameras are there here in the penthouse ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` including the terrace ? '' 
 `` is that relevant ? '' 
 `` it is if you want to tan naked . '' 
 `` yes , in total . '' 
 `` seventy three or so , '' said montana , `` that ´ s what maxini told me the night she wanted to sleep with me . 
 maxini wants to ensure bakal has a good adult experience with us , and bakal wants to ensure he takes a good look at the women in the penthouse , namely us , while we undress , in order to learn refined sexual techniques and bed maxini , and , or , scafarel . '' 
 clarity walked to the night table of one of the twin beds and noticed a moving picture of bakal inside an apple ipad . 
 the ipad acted like a television screen and showed bakal in his private office . 
 `` hi , '' said bakal , `` security just reported , you ´ re trading my men for me , but someone ´ ll be watching you . '' 
 clarity focused on a digital ten inch photo frame behind bakal . 
 it showed a navy blue mercedes e 350 photograph , exactly like the one in the hyatt ´ s parking lot . 
 bakal got up and walked to the frame photograph , touching the mercedes passenger front door on the photo frame . 
 `` mako , get my gym stuff in the front seat , the car ´ s open , pick up my briefcase here in my room , i ´ m going to the stock exchange tomorrow , to check on socal ´ s stock from my second floor office , the stock ´ s been doing well lately . 
 look for my car keys , can ´ t find them , may have left them in the pool or in the car . '' 
 bakal turned around and spoke through the television screen , talking to the women in the penthouse . 
 `` have a good night , tomorrow , we start shooting , look at my private channel , one zero seven , you have to look at me and what i do to start getting to know me . '' 
 clarity guessed the car belonged to bakal , and thought there had to be a way to get in the trunk to get out of the hotel when bakal drove the car out to the city . 
 she threw a cocus with the women . 
 `` i don ´ t think we can get out , not with those brute force security guys guarding the hotel , '' said flower , `` we ´ re better off staying here and enjoying our stay , compliments of the hyatt . '' 
 jenna , taimi , and cynthia , agreed with flower . 
 `` i think it ´ s a good idea to leave the hyatt , but i don ´ t want to risk it , '' said lanai . 
 montana stepped forward . 
 `` i ´ ll do it , i ´ ll go with you . '' 
 clarity looked at montana ´ s sparkling eyes . 
 same volunteer as with the window washing incident . 
 this time , clarity wanted odds on her side . 
 they accessed bakal ´ s private television channel at the hyatt , which enumerated his credentials , his access to wealthy individuals in the emirate , and his corporate achievements . 
 the remote control distributing company in the emirates was called socal , it stood for ` soft channel adult light ' . 
 the remote was manufactured by pentatone scale learning systems and came from asia . 
 clarity moved to the television screen and froze the image on a skyscraper in hong kong . 
 maybe , she thought , the image was touch-screen . 
 she counted fifty seven windows , matching the digits of the remote , and pressed on the cheung kong center skyscraper . 
 a yin yang symbol made of bronze flashed onscreen and a monk dressed in orange robe sprung out of the oriental symbol , which itself had come out of the skyscraper . 
 `` pentatone scale learning service , how may i help your initiation ? '' 
 a flash of clarity went through clarity ´ s head . 
 using maxini , scafarel was creating a group of women who were initiated into ancient methods of pleasure , now she was certain of that . 
 she reacted as scafarel would , instead of reacting like optesia and the other women . 
 `` information on socal please , abu dhabi , including ownership structure . '' 
 `` socal is quoted in the abu dhabi stock exchange , advisors include holy flower ´ s project finance group , and cassandra scafarel ´ s telval studios s.p.a. company , owners of the elony franchise , location , bahrain . 
 please provide your pentatone decryptor confirmation code for further information . '' 
 `` time for channel one zero eight , the adult channel , i ´ m starting to understand how this works . '' 
 the voice of the monk spoke through the television speakers with crystal clear clarity to clarity , who typed the three digit number of the hotel ´ s adult channel . 
 `` confirmation code accepted . 
 have a pleasant evening with soft channel adult light , may you also see the light of the beautiful woman with clarity . '' 
 `` they ´ re speaking about you , '' said lanai . 
 `` no , this is generic clarity , '' said clarity . 
 the yin-yang symbol retracted inside the hong kong skyscraper , and an adult program showing a naked woman meditating replaced the business district view of hong kong . 
 after ten minutes , the woman donned a silk robe and explained the exciting business opportunities arising in asia for the middle east entrepreneur . 
 montana pressed the pause button of the program . 
 `` you forget we ´ re being filmed , '' said montana . 
 the colorado girl looked around , seeking a camera inside the self bands and the fabric of an elliptical lampshade . 
 she ran her hand along the fabric covering of the lampshade and tapped on the wooden dangles atop the lamp finding a small , round glass button perched atop a thin , flexible vertical pole made of metal . 
 `` get me some nail polish , here ´ s one camera , let ´ s cover the glass . '' 
 `` yes , there ´ s seventy two cameras left , montana , they might not check the relevant part of the camera footage , otherwise they ´ ll be spending hours just seeing what we ´ re doing . 
 we ´ ll sleep outside at the poolside . '' 
 lanai and flower wanted to go as well , and cynthia and taimi supported their idea , but clarity was firm with them , driving their attention towards cynthia ´ s bead and the possible connection with yet unexplored areas of pleasure . 
 they had to distract security . 
 `` tell the guards to keep looking for the gate of pleasure , '' said clarity , `` play hide and seek in the dark with the gate of pleasure , lanai remembers what she read in decadence . '' 
 clarity opened the door and the guards rushed in to play hide and seek with the women . 
 within minutes , the guards were in the dark in the function room , a specific area dedicated to adult activity , looking for the girls and their underwear , in any order . 
 clarity held montana by the hand , while the colorado girl grabbed a bed quilt , and they opened the door leaving the penthouse , immediately heading for the emergency stairs . 
 `` i know where to break , at the first floor there ´ s the spa , we go there and we go down a set of stairs leading to the pool . '' 
 `` why the quilt ? '' 
 `` i like to sleep in a cozy place , '' said montana . 
 after taking the first floor stairs , they reached the door access to the pool area . 
 `` stay here , '' said clarity . 
 clarity opened the door leading to the hotel poolside , finding a large white cotton towel left by guests . 
 she breathed the fresh night air of the nearby sea and glanced at the pool lit with several spotlights beaming light to the tiled pool bottom . 
 the poolside was empty . 
 she sat on a lounge chair and saw montana tip toe towards her with the white quilt . 
 `` we ´ re ready to sleep , do you see the car key ? '' 
 clarity walked on the white tiles of the poolside and glanced at the pool bottom . 
 after a few minutes , she noticed a small , rectangular grey shape at the bottom . 
 `` there it is , he must have left the car remote in his swimming trunks . '' 
 clarity dove in the pool and got the remote control . 
 the pool temperature was nice , around eighty degrees . 
 she used the towel to dry her body , feeling refreshed . 
 `` let ´ s use the beach and get inside the car around six , that way we ´ ll sleep five or six hours until ten , which is when bakal will be leaving . 
 `` how do we get out of the trunk ? '' 
 `` we keep this remote . '' 
 clarity pressed on a button and a rectangular car key sprung out . 
 `` and bakal ? '' 
 `` he ´ ll find another car key , must have a double , or he ´ ll pay for one . '' 
 chapter ten clarity looked at her watch , it was nearly one am , time to find bakal ´ s car and leave the hyatt . 
 montana and her crossed the poolside area of the park hyatt and reached the beachfront . 
 `` let ´ s take a skinny dip , '' said montana . 
 `` you like the naked lifestyle ? '' 
 `` i ´ ve had it up to here with constraint , school , private classes to get into harvard , ballet classes , debate , hiking weekends to get in shape . 
 naked allows me to be me . '' 
 `` let ´ s do it , and then go to the car while it ´ s nightime . '' 
 they took off their clothes and took a swim in the persian gulf waters , enjoying the calmness and the half moon lighting them . 
 twenty minutes later , they reached bakal ´ s navy blue mercedes in the parking lot , avoiding a sentry that walked the area . 
 they opened the trunk , which was filled with sports gear , several tennis racquets , a large sports dufflebag . 
 `` we don ´ t fit , '' said montana , `` not with all of this . '' 
 `` let ´ s sixty nine , '' said clarity , `` we ´ ll fit like that . '' 
 `` with clothes off ? '' 
 said montana . 
 `` not completely , but same position , me at the bottom in jeans only , you on top with underwear only and no top , i need to come . '' 
 montana showed a sheepish smile , one that was clearly part of her active nature . 
 `` i can help with that . 
 and then ? '' 
 `` then , we close the trunk and ensure we know how to open it . '' 
 clarity got in the trunk first , pushing aside the large sports bag . 
 montana landed softly on top of her , leaving the trunk half open . 
 a tingling sensation surfaced below clarity ´ s navel . 
 following indications from money fact , she kept breathing normally despite the mounting pleasure and observed the rising tides of her own enjoyable sensations . 
 after a leisurely climax , they dozed off and closed the trunk at six in the morning , sleeping side by side for five hours . 
 a car slamming the front door woke them up . 
 clarity felt the hand of montana grabbing her ankle . 
 she grabbed montana ´ s ankle to ensure symmetry in distress . 
 the car was moving out of the parking lot . 
 bakal drove for twenty minutes and lowered the car into a swerving ramp . 
 clarity grabbed the back pockets of montana ´ s levis jeans , holding on to them until the mercedes parked and stopped . 
 they heard bakal step outside and his steps echoing progressively less and less . 
 after three minutes of silence , they decided to get out of the car . 
 clarity pressed on the trunk button and the trunk opened . 
 carefully and slowly , montana got out first , followed by clarity . 
 they donned their clothes , ensuring nobody saw them . 
 `` lets ´ s go to bakal ´ s office , '' said clarity . 
 they took an elevator to the second floor , bypassing the main entry of the building and security there . 
 a large office door on the second floor said ` bakal investment limited partnership ' . 
 they listened inside and heard some steps . 
 `` he ´ s coming out , '' said montana . 
 `` the emergency stairs , let ´ s go . '' 
 they hid behind the emergency stairs door and bakal left the office , moving towards an elevator . 
 after two minutes , the girls walked out to bakal ´ s office door . 
 it was locked . 
 `` how do we get in ? '' 
 `` the door may be voice activated , '' said clarity . 
 they started speaking outloud to the door , saying the words open , open now , open immediately , please open , open if you would , but nothing worked . 
 `` it ´ s not voice activated . '' 
 absent mindedly , clarity pressed on the car remote button , and the door snapped open . 
 `` he ´ s got a universal remote , that turns me on , '' said montana . 
 `` how , like he can turn you on at the push of a button ? '' 
 `` yeah , all of my control hot buttons stop flashing , and i become nice as a sheep . 
 it ´ s like i don ´ t have to follow a schedule anymore . '' 
 clarity stepped inside the office , a large space with furniture from horchow , including a designer desk made of tempered glass and stainless steel , which brought light to the room . 
 across the desk , a huge projection screen flashed prices from the new york stock exchange , nasdaq , and news and profiles from bloomberg news , and cnbc . 
 on the table , there was a flat ipad with a folding keyboard . 
 looking closer , she noticed a famliar blue light , the light of remote 57819 . 
 `` the remote , look , it ´ s over there , '' said clarity . 
 `` it ´ s flashing . '' 
 montana stepped closer . 
 `` the stock price of socal is one hundred and ten emiraty dirhams , about thirty dollars . 
 the acronym for the currency is aed . '' 
 `` aed ? '' 
 `` yes , the currency code for the u.s. dollar is usd , for the british pound is gbp , for great britain pound , here it ´ s aed . '' 
 `` is that important ? '' 
 `` if we were hyatt employees , we ´ d be paid in aed . '' 
 `` good , let ´ s keep that contingency in mind , '' said clarity , `` in case we have to work here the rest of our lives . '' 
 clarity approached the ipad , there was a 10-k financial report on socal in one of the screens . 
 she searched for the ownership structure . 
 the names of bakal and scafarel appeared , jointly owning fifty one percent of the company importing equipment to view adult material . 
 `` where are the servers ? 
 i want to know where socal ´ s servers are , that ´ s where most of the company ´ s value is stored , '' said montana . 
 clarity searched the technology heading of the report . 
 `` they ´ re outsourced in manama , in bahrain , east of saudi arabia , they ´ re going to cast all of us in a new telval production , 'em broidered air avenue ' , inside a plane . 
 all of the bahrain operations belong to scafarel . 
 that ´ s where the sript for the elony beauty lotion infomercial was written . 
 most of the world ´ s petroleum transits through there . '' 
 montana led clarity ´ s hand towards a pink button . 
 `` press this pink button , bakal told me not to press it ever , i want to see what happens . 
 the frequency here is different from that in the hotel . '' 
 clarity pressed on the button , and a scene from wet by andrew blake , depcting dahlia grey being bathed naked in milk replaced bakal ´ s financial information onscreen . 
 a second screen at the lower bottom showed the actual stock exchange room , where the film was being shown as well , although most likely it wasn ´ t meant to be shown there . 
 the camera zoomed in on bakal , who was open-jawed . 
 behind him , there was a group of western executives , dressed in suits , two men and three women . 
 a call came through to his cell phone , and both girls sat on bakal ´ s desk to watch the businessman react to the unpredictable situation . 
 `` two women disappeared , who , sterley and the new woman ? 
 what ´ s her name ? 
 clarity nice ? 
 thanks mako . '' 
 `` this camera must be coming through security , they just know where to focus , '' said montana . 
 bakal was calming down traders and the executives , telling traders that socal adult material was private , that their wives didn ´ t have to see the material shown , that the material was only for men , and that there were two betraying interests from the west , named clarity nice and montana sterley , causing the upheaval . 
 montana kept searching the financial report . 
 `` there ´ s a golden share from the emiraty government , i knew it . '' 
 `` what ´ s a golden share ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 she checked the website of stevenson garden products , the place in malibu where she used to work as teleoperator , ensuring it was up and running , something that reassured her during times of distress . 
 `` the government can step in and buy socal , the whole company or stop operations , if the material sold by socal is deemed improper or unfit in any way to the emirate . '' 
 the question wasn ´ t simple . 
 was consensual milk brought to an attractive woman undressed , improper , or was the milk simply improperly consumed , i.e. not consumed in a glass ? 
 these things mattered , for a golden share was not a trivial pursuit of money by any emirate , by any means , by any standards , by and large . 
 chapter eleven clarity watched the scene from andrew blake ´ s wet bemused inside the office of bakal . 
 the abu dhabi stock exchange was in upheaval because of a beautiful woman filmed naked . 
 bakal screamed to security personnel to walk up to his office . 
 clarity and montana sprung to attention . 
 clarity noticed bakal ´ s email was open . 
 she checked the message and read one to telval productions one titled ` park hyatt adult films ' . 
 it was meant for scafarel , and indicated that top management at the hyatt were unaware that bakal was showing telval adult films there , a deal struck on his own with hotel manager mina by changing the hotel ´ s domotic system , put in place by maxini and her assistant nevena . 
 montana pressed clarity to read more quickly . 
 they had to get out of the office . 
 they left bakal ´ s office , taking his ipad , and reached the exchange floor . 
 everyone was looking at the giant screen where stocks had been replaced by various shots of dahlia grey , and they had no trouble hiding under a desk , empty from a trader who had taken the day off to go to the liwa oasis to study technical indicators for a few stocks . 
 they saw bakal approach the desk area , phone in hand . 
 `` what do we do now maxini ? '' 
 asked bakal . 
 `` time to bring out elony , ok , which channel , one zero nine , ok , just an infomercial channel now , to restore credibility , ok . 
 yes , you can take the lamborghini that carrelson sterley bought in dubai to come here . 
 be careful with it please , it ´ s not insured yet . '' 
 bakal walked to the area below the stock exchange screen and pressed several buttons , until the infomercial showing the elony beauty lotion appeared onscreen . 
 this version was filmed in arabic . 
 clarity and montana could guess that the ad was meant for men . 
 the beauty lotion was a recommended buy by men for their wives , who didn ´ t have to know that the lotion came with a socal decoder which granted access to high quality adult films . 
 bakal restored stock exchange price information and socal ´ s stock started flashing green . 
 it was up fifteen percent on the previous day ´ s close , thanks to the elony ad . 
 `` good , good , confidence in socal is restored , elony saved the day , '' said bakal . 
 they saw him leave the stock exchange floor and noticed the large room was emptying . 
 a message had been sent by the emir to stop trading for the day , until the socal matter was cleared . 
 the golden share might be exercised now , because the stock exchange was prohibited from showing material different from financial information . 
 clarity led montana by the hand to an emergency exit of the building , which beeped . 
 `` leave the ipad , it must be tagged electronically to the building ´ s radio frequency to avoid theft . '' 
 clarity placed the device behind the door . 
 after exiting the premises of the financial authority , they walked down the ramp leading to the parking lot , until they reached bakal ´ s mercedes . 
 `` do you know how to drive this driving machine ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` let ´ s find out , it ´ s not an authentic driving machine . '' 
 she pressed the car ´ s remote and the doors unlocked . 
 they stepped inside and sat down . 
 the doors locked . 
 `` this is a problem , '' said montana . 
 `` there ´ s water behind the arm rest , take your time , we might be here for a while . '' 
 clarity searched for the door unlock button but it seemed there was none . 
 they were trapped inside the car . 
 she inserted the car key and the motor roared . 
 the phone rang . 
 `` should we pick it up ? '' 
 `` might as well , '' said clarity . 
 her teleoperator experience revealed its tactful approach . 
 `` hello , mr. bakal ´ s four wheel residence in abu dhabi , how may i help you and how can we further your business ? '' 
 `` bakal speak ... , who is this , what are you doing in my car ? '' 
 montana whispered . 
 `` ask him which phone he ´ s using . '' 
 `` i think you have the wrong number , which phone are you using ? '' 
 `` which phone , my phone , what are you doing with my car phone ? 
 i ´ m going down the elevator . '' 
 montana fastened her seatbelt . 
 `` time to leave . '' 
 clarity lifted the car visor and a digital street map of the city appeared on a screen above the temperature set buttons . 
 `` a gps , we ´ re in luck , let ´ s go to bakal ´ s home , there may be more information on socal . '' 
 `` where is it , i have no clue how to get around abu dhabi . '' 
 `` gps will tell us . '' 
 clarity tweaked with several dials and buttons , watching the five inch screen change settings . 
 the navigation gps device was a navman ezy 200 . 
 she activated bluetooth connectivity and landmark guidance . 
 clarity followed the spoken street name indications and reached bakal ´ s residential area , a well-to-do , very well-to-do , mansion filled neighborhood known as the breakwater , a causeway leading to the sea , overlooking the water sports marina and the international marine sports club , a sailing place to train for races . 
 `` get out of my car immediately , park it and wait for me , i ´ m tracking you , '' said bakal . 
 `` you did track us , but you didn ´ t see us naked , '' said montana . 
 she reached inside the glove compartment and found a cd carrying the song ` watching the girls go by ' by andy williams . 
 clarity let the car reach the iron gate that granted access to bakal ´ s home . 
 she pressed on the remote door unlock button and the wrought iron gate opened . 
 they drove to an opulent two story mansion in the form of a designhaus cubus , a cube-shaped home . 
 bakal ´ s voice rang through the hi-fi phone . 
 `` don ´ t break anything in my home , in particular the quianlong blue and white flask or the jiaqing white vase from the eighteenth century . '' 
 they parked the navy blue mercedes and stepped outside the parking ramp , noticing a lamborghini already parked . 
 clarity and montana reached the entrance door , a two panel wooden door with two door knobs cast in metal . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` let me handle this , '' said montana , `` i know what to do . '' 
 montana rubbed her fingers to warm up her inspiration . 
 `` channel one zero eight , adult channel . '' 
 the heavy door lacquered in wood opened to a hallway lavishly decorated . 
 clarity cleaned her shoes on the doormat , which said ` leaving costs behind ' , and closed the door of a wardrobe which included five pairs of women sandals , two women ´ s purses , and a fur hat made by max mara , for those cold nights of the emirates when temperature dropped below eighty degrees . 
 they walked carefully to a large staircase , leaving a coat rack with an umbrella stand to their right . 
 an attractive woman dressed in high cut dress came down the stairs , showing a silver butterfly attached below her navel . 
 `` welcome to the abu dhabi ladies club , at the home of hamir bakal , '' said maxini . 
 five security guards were behind her , arms crossed , and nevena was dressed as a traditional maid , ready to perform work requests in the home by bakal . 
 `` they couldn ´ t possibly all fit in the lamborghini , '' said montana . 
 `` they use the airport shuttle , '' said maxini , `` i used your father ´ s car . '' 
 chapter twelve the five security walked down the stairs and positioned themselves to look at clarity and montana from all angles . 
 one moved towards the entrance , another towards the living room area . 
 clarity walked forward towards the lush living room area , until she saw a large piano in the middle of the room . 
 two guards pushed the heavy musical instrument , a schiedmayer & söhne model twenty with visible tuning pins , cast copper plate , two hundred and thirty passive strings , soundblock , pinblock and rim . 
 the piano rolled towards a small room near the living room area . 
 it was a beautiful musical instrument . 
 maxini entered the living room , leaving the door half open , nearly breaking to pieces the jiaqing white vase so dear to bakal . 
 `` mr. bakal was expecting you at the hotel and he wasn ´ t expecting you at the stock exchange . 
 you ´ re delaying the shooting of arabian brides and other telval adult productions , we don ´ t like that , '' said maxini . 
 she spoke to montana with her face very close to the face of the colorado heiress , who didn ´ t back down . 
 nevena tapped maxini on the shoulder . 
 `` the price of socal is up again , '' said nevena , `` mr. bakal will be here in fifteen minutes . 
 he ´ s taking care of collateral social damage , calming down supreme council member , sheikh al nahyan . 
 he got a call regarding the adult movie showing at the stock exchange from the deputies of the rulers of fujairah , dubai and sharjah emirates . 
 the other three emirates are standing by . 
 they frown upon such overt expression of western habit for adults . '' 
 `` it ´ s the price of prosperity , i told him to watch the report on carrelson sterley at the hotel . 
 good , let ´ s speak about your allowance , montana , i need the account . '' 
 montana refused the topic , preferring to inquire about the reason for the piano being in the middle of the room . 
 `` it ´ s there to provide sophisticated , rewarding reprimand to the tushies of women like you , if you don ´ t provide information on your allowance . '' 
 montana answered sheepishly . 
 `` i want to reprimand you then , you don ´ t know how to play the piano . '' 
 `` no , i reprimand you , in fact take your position . '' 
 montana consulted with clarity . 
 `` take your position , it ´ s better than seeing those guards naked while filming arabian brides , '' said clarity . 
 montana walked to the piano room and placed her hands on the rim and soundboard , showing her backside . 
 she turned around to maxini . 
 `` my father wants to own socal , and he ´ ll have socal , '' said montana , `` and then , once i ´ m in colorado safely with him , he ´ ll tell hyatt management that you installed an adult channel different from the standard adult channel used at the hyatt . '' 
 `` your father will think twice once your allowance is transferred . 
 i ´ ll take over your account before you take over our adult channel , '' said maxini . 
 `` how much money is involved here , what is at stake exactly ? '' 
 said clarity . 
 `` yes , that ´ s important , '' said nevena . 
 maxini adjusted temperature to a comfortable seventy eight degrees using the adult channel remote from the hyatt . 
 a scarf imitating flames sprung out of the fireplace , kept in floating position by a ventilator pushing air up from the ground , like a wind tunnel . 
 `` twenty million dollars , your friend montana here has meddled with abu dhabi ´ s cell phone network and bank transfer frequencies . 
 money transfers , cell phone calls , television channel selection , premium shopping and restaurant reservations are all going through the adult channel instead of separate channels , and only this remote can undo that . '' 
 `` how universal is this remote ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` very universal , '' said maxini , `` would you like to see my butterfly up close by the way ? '' 
 `` if you lift your tank top , i could see it from here . 
 i ´ d like the remote though . '' 
 `` won ´ t see my butterfly then , and you can ´ t have the remote . 
 let ´ s sit down in the sofa , we ´ ll be more comfortable . 
 montana , come here , we ´ ll finish your piano lesson later . '' 
 clarity sat down on the bolster cushions of the sleek , white leather conran sofa , built on strip skis made of steel . 
 montana sat beside her and nevena joined them . 
 maxini sat across from them in a one seat sofa . 
 she snapped her fingers and the five security guards aligned at the living room door entrance disappeared upstairs . 
 `` this house doesn ´ t impress me . 
 is this faux leather ? '' 
 asked montana , tapping the cushion of the sofa . 
 `` no , it ´ s authentic , genuine leather , this is hand made by craftsmen with a lot of skill , made by darlings of chelsea . 
 it ´ s checked for structural weakness . '' 
 maxini delighted in showmanship . 
 she wanted montana to feel comfortable while she transferred all of her allowance to her bank account at a chartered bank in bahrain belonging to scafarel ´ s intricate network of business interests . 
 `` you want my money , and you want all of it , i worked hard for this allowance , '' said montana . 
 she lifted her head in defiance . 
 `` your father earned your money , it ´ s not your money . 
 in any case , i want your money and would like to see you naked , '' said maxini , `` you ´ d enjoy playing bell weather naked with me . '' 
 `` bell weather ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 maxini reached for a small , one inch nickel bell painted white , with an oak handle laid out on the table . 
 she rung twice and nevena ran the feather duster across the face of montana , and across the chest of clarity , after lifting her sweater . 
 `` this tea bell acts like sunshine to a sunflower . 
 when i ring the bell , your flower bud comes out . 
 if it comes out , i reward it with my butterfly and a sip of earl grey tea , if it doesn ´ t i ring the bell again until the bud comes out . 
 when it comes out consistently , then , you can wear the bell like i wear the butterfly and you can clean the house for me . 
 that way , i ´ ll know where you are . '' 
 montana consulted with clarity , whispering in her ear . 
 `` that ´ s delicate , she ´ s turning me on , what do we do ? '' 
 `` i think you want to avoid the topic of that bell , don ´ t play the game , you ´ re going to lose your allowance , she ´ s pretty good at ringing tea bells , '' whispered clarity . 
 `` give me the remote , and we can finish the piano lesson , '' said montana . 
 maxini pointed to a giant screen television . 
 `` channel one zero eight , the adult channel , and you give me the account . '' 
 `` ok , '' said montana . 
 maxini gave the remote to montana , who turned around . 
 clarity saw montana press a button on the remote and then the colorado girl carried on with channel selection . 
 channel one zero eight showed onscreen a piano lesson scene from a film by andrew blake , involving three women , among them actresses jenteal and celeste . 
 maxini froze an image right during the moment of soft impact , the moment that mattered in adult films , the moment of pleasure and visual exposure that made the film explicit . 
 clarity saw the subtle intent to drive montana ´ s intention by pressing on the pause button at the time the film became explicit . 
 `` the account . '' 
 `` five seven eight one nine . '' 
 maxini sighed , a look of annoyance on her face . 
 she knew that code well . 
 `` that ´ s the code of the remote , you lying squirrel . '' 
 maxini left the room and two guards came to pick up clarity and montana , leading them to one of the bedrooms in the home upstairs . 
 the two girls looked around the room with a single bed . 
 there was a laptop computer painted white which didn ´ t work . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` i pressed the vip button , '' said montana , `` the highest authorities of all seven emirates , businessmen , economic mavens , the press , public relations experts , scafarel , they ´ re all coming here . '' 
 `` did you transfer the money ? '' 
 `` yes , i used one click using my account number frequency , number three , i preprogrammed that at the hyatt , and transferred it to el nilein bank in abu dhabi , it ´ s the bank that the hyatt uses to pay their employees , '' said montana . 
 `` you had an account at that bank ? '' 
 `` my father got me a position at the hyatt here two weeks ago . 
 i was hired to do an internship at reception , until maxini appeared when i tampered with the adult channel remote . 
 now , we can use the money to buy shares of socal until we get a majority of them , over fifty percent . 
 we ´ re going to do a friendly takeover of the company . '' 
 montana stepped towards the bathroom . 
 she turned on the faucet of the bath , ensuring warm water flowed in the luxurious marble reservoir . 
 `` you want that company so that your father takes you seriously as a businesswoman ? '' 
 `` no , i want my own adult channel , '' said montana , `` and i want to see maxini and avalon in it . '' 
 chapter thirteen clarity tried turning the door knob of their room . 
 it was closed . 
 she looked through the eyepiece , seeing mako in a hugo boss suit mounting guard . 
 montana was singing in the bathtub a version of matt goss ` lovely las vegas ' . 
 she decided to rest on the bed while waiting her turn to take a bath . 
 as she lied on the bed , a stream of hundreds of pink rose petals fell on the bed from the ceiling . 
 bakal liked to pamper women . 
 a few minutes later , montana came out of the bathroom , wrapped up in a white cotton bathrobe , towel around the head . 
 `` wow , nice flowers , i like this place , the warm water feels so wonderful . 
 it reminds me of my ski lodge in aspen . 
 look , i found this bridal tiara for me , doesn ´ t it look good , this has to be custom made for arabian brides . 
 i got this bridal layer necklace for you . 
 these are worth six or seven hundred dollars each . '' 
 `` montana , your lodge is not precisely close right now , we have to get in touch with your father or with my boss . '' 
 clarity adjusted the bridal necklace . 
 she had to admit montana had good taste . 
 `` well , we need internet access or a phone . '' 
 montana tried turning on the computer , but to no avail . 
 she stepped towards the window of the room . 
 `` did you hear that , cars are honking outside . '' 
 clarity walked outside to the terrace , noticing a ten inch zhumell telescope mounted on black base plates and large optical tube . 
 she ´ d never observed the planets before or the moon . 
 she heard several car horns in the distance and looked inside the telescope . 
 a caravan of black limousines , mercedes 560 sel , bmw ´ s , and u.s. built lincoln cars were parking in front of bakal ´ s wrought iron gate . 
 one of the guards was walking briskly to the gate , to let bakal in . 
 `` quick , put on your underwear , i ´ ve got an idea . '' 
 less than a minute later , clarity knocked on the door from the inside . 
 the guard opened the tumbler . 
 `` we ´ d like to take a swim in the pool , would you like to come with us ? '' 
 mako smiled but didn ´ t say a word . 
 montana appeared behind clarity wearing her white underwear and wearing running shoes . 
 `` i need a midday swim . '' 
 `` important people are coming , you don ´ t get out . 
 sandals look better on you with underwear than sneakers . '' 
 `` do you have a savings account , do you know how much money you ´ ll need at retirement ? '' 
 asked montana . 
 while montana started speaking of the colorado board of education and university of colorado ´ s adult program to the hyatt employee , clarity studied their way out to the garden . 
 once outdoors , they could draw the attention of someone important , someone with the clout to take them to the airport and back to the western world . 
 where in the world was sensual brigade , central intelligence ? 
 the marble staircase was empty and then it was a matter of running as quickly as they could to the iron gate . 
 `` now , montana . '' 
 the colorado girl sprinted towards the staircase behind clarity , who ran down the stairs two steps at a time . 
 mako reacted too late , slowed down by an excessive number of pounds on his eating track record . 
 `` stop , now , or i ´ ll give you a piano lesson , '' he said . 
 outside the sun was shining , it was midday . 
 clarity , running barefoot , stepped on the garden grass to avoid several guards who were gathering behind the door . 
 opting for the carefree look , clarity took off her top , leaving her pink shorts on , until they reached the gate . 
 alerted by clarity ´ s presence , several drivers of the parked cars walked towards her . 
 behind them , bakal was speaking on a phone like a mad man , angry like a dog , panting like the same angry dog , but more tired . 
 `` we need assistance , '' said clarity . 
 none of the drivers spoke english . 
 bakal made his way to the girls on the other side of the fence , and screamed at them in arabic . 
 a commanding voice emerged from behind bakal . 
 `` bakal , let us inside your home , we want to see what you do inside with those two women . '' 
 montana hid behind clarity . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 `` someone important , a vip . '' 
 `` good , i pressed the right button , then , '' said montana . 
 a journalist with a camera started filming clarity . 
 `` that ´ s the emirate ´ s minister of trade . '' 
 montana gathered courage and spoke to the official . 
 `` we ´ re filming an adult film , arabian brides at the pool , would you like to see it ? '' 
 the minister of trade tapped impatiently on bakal ´ s suit . 
 he was slightly flustered , not knowing whether his wife would approve of this type of film . 
 `` yes , let ´ s see this marvel of movie-making . 
 topless film , i believe ? '' 
 `` you believe correctly , sir , '' said clarity . 
 maxini , nevena , mako and the guards were met by the guards of the emirate ´ s official , and they were told to wait outside the gate while filming was taking place . 
 the official and his trade , economy and finance crew , moved to the poolside and clarity started speaking about the problems of the u.s. debt and the dollar ´ s loss of value with the man in charge of the emirate ´ s economy . 
 he couldn ´ t keep his eyes off her chest , whose attention capture capability was focused and highlighted by the necklace . 
 `` it ´ s a shame the dollar has more value , i mean less value every year . '' 
 `` inflation is not what it used to be , '' said clarity . 
 inflation was about the only word she knew , and she knew that it wasn ´ t a good thing . 
 they reached the pool and people sat down in the lounge chairs . 
 bakal was sweating heavily . 
 montana walked towards the official from the emirates , who was explaining the script of arabian brides to economists , heads of financial institutions , a vice president of the abu dhabi stock exchange , and several think tank specialists . 
 `` it involves arabian brides on vacation in abu dhabi , '' said the official . 
 `` and working , '' said montana , `` we ´ ll need your blackberry thank you , '' said the colorado heiress . 
 she grabbed the cell phone device before the official could react . 
 `` thank you , '' said the official , `` it ´ s the first time we see an adult film first hand . 
 bakal , your seat at the stock exchange is revoked , you ´ ll remember today for a long time . '' 
 `` sir , my seat , our family , the emir , my land , hold on please , the film is good quality , it ´ s unique , there ´ s no other film , this is a mistake , economic growth matters , i was casting the women ... '' `` bring the cameras , bring the cameras to the poolside , '' said the minister of trade . 
 clarity dipped her feet in the oval pool while maxini ´ s guards brought several large cameras from bakal ´ s dining room . 
 she plunged into the pool water , which was warm . 
 being topless didn ´ t really bother clarity , as much as being topless in abu dhabi . 
 still , they were part of the upper class , and the upper class was the same everywhere , decadent and ignorant of real , sensual , simple pleasure . 
 she let montana start the dialogue of the film , after the colorado cowgirl dialed a local number . 
 `` yes , buy fifty one percent of socal , now , yes , use all of the cash in the account if necessary . 
 how much will it add up to ? 
 nineteen million five hundred seventy five thousand dollars ? 
 that ´ s fine , we ´ re backed by colorado investors . '' 
 clarity put on the top of her bikini to look more professional , or more elegant , in truth , in front of a camera . 
 the less was revealed , the more sexy a woman looked . 
 somehow , she still felt sort of naked . 
 she looked below her navel and pulled her bottom , which had been brought down as she got inside the pool . 
 `` why is socal being sold to the west in the script , socal ´ s an abu dhabi company , '' said the trade minister . 
 he threw an annoyed look to bakal . 
 bakal took a tray served by mako and adopted the role of a butler in the film . 
 `` sell those shares , ms. sterley , socal is part of the emirate ´ s assets , you know that . 
 give me that blackberry , i am the butler afta oll , '' said bakal , walking fully clothed inside the pool with a tray of martinis lifted over his head . 
 `` my assets are private , '' said montana , `` although i can ´ t speak for my friend ´ s assets . '' 
 `` my assets are also private , and so is this blackberry , '' said clarity . 
 `` no , no , mr. bakal , socal can not be a public company of the emirates , '' said montana , inventing a script . 
 `` script sounds authentic , somewhat unsettling even , '' said the minister of trade . 
 he adjusted his keffiyeh , worn in charraweya style , drinking a glass of bitter cinzano , a type of vermouth like martini , on the rocks . 
 clarity looked up and saw a bell helicopter hovering above them . 
 under the belly of the rotor air vehicle , she could read the name ` sensual brigade rental equipment ' . 
 it should have said central intelligence , she thought . 
 as it was , it looked as though the helicopter was part of the film . 
 `` the americans , '' said one of the drivers of the minister ´ s limousine . 
 the minister of trade brought his hands to his head and prayed to the god of wisdom , balance , intelligence , and economic development . 
 same god as the western god , different requests , immediate need . 
 chapter fourteen clarity looked at the terrace beyond the pool . 
 maxini appeared in front of nevena , carrying the remote control of the hyatt ´ s adult channel . 
 scafarel ´ s assistant was wearing a bikini thong . 
 she pressed on a button of the remote , and the bell oh-58 kiowa warrior helicopter gained some altitude , after experiencing some trouble with the engine . 
 clearly , the remote had multiple uses , including unknown , military ones . 
 a few seconds later , the helicopter started emanating white smoke and disappeared . 
 `` what are you up to ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` ensuring socal stays in the emirates . '' 
 maxini took off her bikini and gave both strings to nevena . 
 she dove head first into the pool and swam naked to the other side of the pool to meet montana , filmed by mako , wearing only a bridal cubes cuff bracelet with crystals made by karen curtis and a bridal comb . 
 her measurements , announced by nevena to the onlooking vip crowd , were admirable , thirty seven twenty five thirty seven . 
 her abs were flat , and the silver butterfly at navel level , acted like a rewinding key , giving more energy to maxini as bridal partner of montana and clarity . 
 emerging head first in front of montana , maxini tried to grab the blackberry from the colorado girl . 
 montana placed the cell phone on one of the poolside tiles , and pulled her top off . 
 `` let me get my underwear off , let ´ s battle on equal terms . '' 
 `` i need to take your measurements as well , '' said nevena . 
 maxini ´ s assistant looked at the minister of trade , who nodded . 
 `` thirty six , twenty four , thirty five , wow , thin waist . '' 
 montana stretched her upper torso proudly . 
 she was overcoming the fear of becoming famous like paris hilton . 
 clarity opted for the same au naturel outfit of both girls , taking off her pink shorts . 
 nevena approached her , getting in the pool fully clothed , with a yellow tape measure . 
 `` thirty six , twenty five , thirty five , you ´ ve got the measurements of zafira , the adult actress . '' 
 clarity sprung on maxini , who plunged towards the cell phone . 
 with her right hand , she threw the device to bakal , who dropped the tray , recovered by nevena , the only woman dressed in the scene , pool wet but dressed , before montana could attempt rescuing the device . 
 the guards took off their shirts , revealing wrestling outfits . 
 they thought this was their truly first , adult debut , but maxini indicated otherwise , staying firm with the security crew . 
 `` no adult wrestling today , '' she said . 
 clarity thought the order signalled the beginning of the end of arabian brides . 
 she adjusted her bridal necklace . 
 `` it ´ s the s group , the s group has bought fifty one percent of socal , '' said bakal . 
 the abu dhabi power broker stopped paying attention to those around him and ran out of the pool towards the poolside . 
 mako , the one behind the camera filming the pool scene , recovered bakal ´ s role as waiter and served him a cocktail , but bakal declined politely , requesting some ko phi & nga champagne for everyone . 
 `` who is the s group ? '' 
 asked clarity . 
 `` my father ´ s group , it ´ s s for sterley , '' said montana , `` my account was opened in the name of the sterley business group . 
 you know you look pretty good , you could be kelly clarity for my father , he ´ d probably like you as kelly claire the fashionable maid . '' 
 clarity pictured herself in a colorado ski lodge working as teleoperator for a rich , good looking tycoon . 
 the thought wasn ´ t displeasing . 
 `` there must be a way out of this buyout spree mess , '' said the minister of trade . 
 maxini pulled on montana ´ s hair as the colorado girl attempted to lift herself to the poolside . 
 then , she grabbed montana ´ s hips and threw her in the pool . 
 the colorado girl swore and recovered her bridal tiara , which had flown off position , after the throw off . 
 bakal answered the official promptly . 
 `` there is , there is , sir , there is a golden share the emirate can exercise , if you ´ d like socal to remain an abu dhabi company . '' 
 `` is this a film ? '' 
 asked the minister of trade incredulously . 
 the minister ´ s aides were busily looking through work files , typing on their ipads , but their looks betrayed their arousal at the sexy pool scene . 
 they finally knew what it meant to be a sheikh in an andrew blake film . 
 `` not per say , '' said maxini . 
 `` not really , '' said bakal . 
 `` not at all , '' said nevena , `` this is real money . '' 
 `` no , '' said montana , flashing her body in full splendor before the emirate ´ s official . 
 he looked at clarity who was attaching maxini ´ s red bikini top , left by nevena at the poolside . 
 `` i wouldn ´ t say so , but i ´ m not from abu dhabi , '' said clarity . 
 `` yes , ok bakal , let ´ s use the golden share , '' said the official . 
 bakal typed a few words and numbers into his cell phone and a result beeped loudly , before montana pulled down his pants to distract him . 
 socal was an abu dhabi company again . 
 bakal had exercised the golden share on behalf of the emirate . 
 that meant that the account holding the shares on behalf of the s group had to sell their shares electronically at a higher market price through the local stock exchange , and return them to the abu dhabi government . 
 `` socal ´ s an abu dhabi company again , '' beamed bakal , `` the remotes and the adult decoders are being delivered worldwide . 
 our content will prevail , sir , '' said bakal . 
 `` discretely i hope , our content should be low key , we don ´ t want to become the middle east hub of adult entertainment . '' 
 `` anything different from prosperity is because of a woman , because of someone known as lady scafarel , someone conspicuously absent today . '' 
 `` later bakal , '' said the official , looking at montana doing naked aerobics in the water , fighting with maxini . 
 clarity glanced at the south part of the pool beyond a shaded porch . 
 a large truck not far from the pool honked at the gate . 
 the bell warrior , whose rotor mechanism had been blocked by the adult remote , was being carried on a large , levelled car load truck , and was trying to make its way to bakal ´ s garden . 
 in the driving post of the helicopter , money fact waved at clarity , while donway , standing firmly on the truck ´ s floor , tried to pull his trench coat out of the helicopter ´ s door , where the item of clothing was stuck . 
 finally , money fact opened the door and donway jumped to the ground , trenchcoat in hand , swearing at the non coin-operated door . 
 `` nobody move , u.s. intelligence , '' said donway . 
 the iron door opened and ripped his trenchcoat in two , revealing a new england patriots sweater and matching sweatpants . 
 from behind him , several female agents from central brigade started climbing the railings of bakal ´ s property . 
 clarity saw maxini and nevena hop out of the pool and run inside bakal ´ s home . 
 the teleoperator with auburn hair adjusted her pink shorts and ran after them , but mako stood in the way . 
 she stepped right and left several times , trying to get past the corpulent hyatt employee , but he stayed close to her , showing surprising agility , motivated by the overall look of clarity wearing only a bikini top and shorts . 
 the minister of trade threw a towel to montana , who stopped jumping up and down , telling donway to get bakal . 
 mako carried the cocktail tray to montana and spoke to her in reprimand pointing towards the piano indoors . 
 `` mr. bakal is an official of the emirate ´ s supreme council , as such he has immunity over any political , economic , adult or business incident which may have surfaced here in his home , or elsewhere in the emirate . 
 this is also why the emirate has decided to seize all cases of elony lotion aboard the ` camco amabulyan ' ship , for further examination . '' 
 chapter fifteen - epilogue the car load truck entered bakal ´ s property , helicopter on top . 
 donway adjusted the frequency of bakal ´ s domotic system , made by pentatone learning systems , which had created a malfunction in the bell warrior ´ s electronic wiring system , causing subsequent engine failure . 
 he sought the remote controlling the adult channel at the hyatt and told money fact to search the luxurious home . 
 donway explained to clarity and montana , that the remote controlled all adult content brought into the emirate , and that it was important to understand how it worked . 
 clarity knew the remote was important , but she didn ´ t know how it worked . 
 she donned the pink sweater found in one of bakal ´ s bedrooms for women and showed donway the computer painted white . 
 `` we ´ ll search that computer , there may be relevant adult information there . '' 
 information important to share with his wife as well , he thought . 
 donway interrogated bakal in his living room . 
 montana sat down on a sofa , while clarity called the hyatt to ensure her friends were doing well . 
 everything seemed to be going well , according to flower . 
 hyatt management had sent new , reliable employees , replacing mako and mina . 
 customers had returned to the hyatt from other hotels . 
 they had received new boxes of lindt chocolate , and several cases of the Ô perfume by lancôme . 
 management had told them to keep busy by reading some books in the hotel ´ s library , and lanai was checking to see whether there was a more comprehensive copy of decadence . 
 clarity turned off bakal ´ s phone and listened to donway . 
 `` what did scafarel promise you ? 
 to become involved in this , i mean . '' 
 `` she told me she could turn my body into a new body , and that i could live like an ancient chinese emperor , satisfying eight or nine women on the same night . '' 
 `` the old fountain of youth trick , satisfying them sexually , eight ? '' 
 `` yes , it ´ s not a trick , elony ´ s personal growth services are based on oriental and lesser known methods tested for hundreds of years . 
 i needed a group of women to test the methods , and she brought them to me . '' 
 donway walked towards the piano and pushed a few keynotes . 
 he was never very good at music . 
 he glanced at money fact , who was taking a closer look at bakal ´ s paintings , illustrations and photos of the indian temples of khajurajho , thinking that he ´ d like to giver her a piano lesson in front of his wife . 
 the thought passed by and he focused on bakal . 
 `` so you bought them , you bought these women , '' said donway . 
 the minister of trade , who was playing with bakal ´ s yamaichi high fidelity system , stopped and turned his head towards bakal , who lifted his eyebrows . 
 `` i didn ´ t really buy them , i sort of paid for their expenses . 
 ms. scafarel told me these women were willing to be ladies of traditional pleasure . 
 sacred pleasure . 
 and that they enjoyed each other ´ s company , as long as the surroundings were pleasant , oppulent even . 
 eventually , she said , i would come to own them , but only if they came to like me . '' 
 clarity thought about cynthia ´ s eight room four bathroom home in malibu . 
 a liking for affluence , opulence and the laid-back , easy life , yes , all of that matched the women of sun on the rocks . 
 `` but maxini was not an employee of the hyatt , '' said donway , `` nor hired to play the piano here . '' 
 `` no , she didn ´ t want to be associated with the hotel , after she found out the name of the egyptian architect in charge of the penthouse refurbishing on orders of scafarel , a man known as walltilebis . '' 
 `` have you ever seen scafarel or the architect ? '' 
 `` no , '' said bakal . 
 `` maxini has a cover here in the emirate , we ´ ve been looking for it . 
 where is this adult remote , the one you ´ re distributing worldwide through socal . '' 
 `` i don ´ t have it , ms. maxini must have taken it . '' 
 money fact walked towards donway , looking distraught . 
 `` mina was stopped before leaving the hyatt , '' said money fact , `` all adult content broadcast from channel one zero eight has been erased . 
 she said maxini gave orders to erase telval studios content shown on the hotel ´ s adult channel . 
 all our evidence on scafarel ´ s real and fraudulent activities is gone now . '' 
 `` we ´ ll talk to the women . 
 where is she now , where ´ s maxini ? '' 
 `` mina said she was going to play some golf , '' said money fact . 
 `` was avene maxini a member of any golf club ? '' 
 asked donway , turning to bakal . 
 `` yes , she played at the al-ghazal golf club , near the airport , every week . '' 
 `` let ´ s go , maxini is going to the airport , she wants to leave by plane , clarity , montana , come with us , we need you to identify maxini , we couldn ´ t find any photographs of her . '' 
 they drove bakal ´ s mercedes to abu dhabi international airport , taking corniche road to the eastern ring road , instead of taking sheikh khalifa bin zayed street north , which led to the park hyatt . 
 money fact returned clarity ´ s clothes from the hotel to her , and she recovered her jade egg , an item she still needed to test . 
 eastern ring road became the e10 and they reached the airport within fifteen minutes . 
 `` we found maxini ´ s cover , she ´ s a member of skytrax , the airline and airport service rating agency . 
 according to mina , she was a member of the team that awarded a four star ranking to abu dhabi international airport . '' 
 as they showed their central intelligence passes to security , donway explained that they were looking for maxini in one of the lounges , which is how scafarel ´ s assistant met bakal , on return from one of his business trips . 
 clarity showed money fact the vip button of the remote , in a satellite picture of the remote , identified by the captain of the liberian ` camco amabulyan ' cargo ship which had brought them to the emirate . 
 all boxes of elony had been dispatched to the far east by a local agent linked to scafarel , with clear orders to get rid of the lotion . 
 after thinking about the vip connection for a few minutes , money fact reacted . 
 `` vip lounge , she may be in the al-dar lounge in terminal one , let ´ s go , '' said the sensual brigade agent . 
 the al-dar lounge was filled with about three hundred people , all watching a flashmob dancing to the sound of ` soul train ' `` i ´ m not paying sixty eight dollars to get in , '' said donway . 
 `` you haven ´ t booked sir , you have to pay sixty eight dollars per person , '' said the lounge attendant , these are vip lounge rules for everyone , your assertion that you ´ re a member of sensual intelligence brigade is irrelevant here , this is a vip lounge , you ´ re not a member and you ´ re not on the guest list . '' 
 clarity glanced at one of the women wearing large dark sunglasses , dressed as an airport hostess in blue , returning to a counter after the dance . 
 a feminine voice was calling passengers to board flight ey378 to bahrain by etihad airways or flight ey378 point two to xelha in mexico , via cancún . 
 the hostess took a briefcase with her and joined the queue . 
 she placed the briefcase on the floor to put her shirt back in place . 
 for a few seconds , her navel showed . 
 clarity noticed the silver butterfly covered promptly by the white shirt . 
 beside her , nevena pulled her arm towards the passport check barrier showing a boarding ticket to bahrain . 
 `` over there , maxini ´ s leaving for bahrain with her assistant . '' 
 donway sprinted to the lounge door with the queue but the flock of passengers had disappeared behind glass doors . 
 donway returned panting to the lounge counter , which was serving salmon , caviar and ko phi & nga champagne . 
 `` i want this flight cancelled , '' said donway . 
 he spoke to the lounge attendant , whose face was impassive . 
 `` i ´ m afraid that ´ s not possible , sir . 
 this is an official flight booked by the emirate ´ s ministry of trade , '' she said , `` you can ´ t stop it from taking off , it has the seal of the supreme council . 
 it requires the simultaneous signature of seventy three officials of the emirate to stop a flight like this . '' 
 donway placed a white and blue american express card on the counter . 
 clarity had never seen this card , she ´ d heard of the gold card and the platinum card , and had seen the regular american express green card , but she didn ´ t know this card existed . 
 `` get me four tickets to manama airport in bahrain , put me on the next flight , please , '' said donway . 
 `` that ´ s possible , sir , '' said the lounge attendant , `` would you like freqent eating points on your card , i see that you ´ re a restaurant gourmet by the two points you carry . '' 
 `` no , thank you , '' said donway . 
 he checked his belly instinctively . 
 his wife always told him to eat less and exercise more on the spinning bike . 
 with money fact as co-spinner , he could see himself doing that more than twice every three years . 
 `` make it seven more tickets , don ´ t forget my friends at the hyatt , and the women from hexas style , '' said clarity . 
 `` my father ´ s coming as well , '' said montana , `` add another ticket . '' 
 clarity threw a glance at the airport employees returning to their daily chores at the airport after the flashmob . 
 in the far wall , she noticed an illustration , an oriental chart depicting a woman meditating . 
 in her open hand , there was an object familiar to her , a small egg , made of jade . 
 the green jade egg , symbol of ancient pleasures for women , the mineral puppet master of lady scafarel ´ s personal growth services . 
 below the chart , a name described the services provided on the chart , the name of scafarel ´ s telval studios sponsor in the kingdom of bahrain , a large supranational conglomerate involved in the lighting and aeronautics business . 
 end of the adult channel , or how renting pleasure is different from owning it . 
 chapter sixteen sun on the rocks amusements , in order of all-girl , banana fiction reading . 
 the malibu case . 
 the acapulco cocktail . 
 the cayman air banner . 
 the bahamas lotion . 
 the adult channel . 
 the malibu case , or whether corporate nudity should be part of the dress code . 
 the acapulco cocktail , or how a single drink can turn thirst into a traction with the law . 
 the cayman air banner , or going where your money goes , to keep an eye on how it disappears . 
 the bahamas lotion , or how the notion of a lotion may hide unexpected absence of protection . 
 the adult channel , or how renting pleasure is different from owning it . 
 chapter seventeen the calculation which brought clarity to abu dhabi , through cayman ´ s lofty bank and the bahamas hexas style resort : at 20 % compounded over a period of 20 years -lrb- interest reinvested -rrb- , 26.084 dollars grows to one million dollars -lrb- 1.000.000 dollars -rrb- . 
 at 10 % compounded , which is approximately the average annual 10 year growth rate of the s&p 500 stock index , 28.654 dollars grows to 500.000 dollars over 30 years , a hefty sum around retirement at age 70 , starting to invest at age 40 , to pay for living expenses at age 70 + , when you won ´ t be able to make as much money then , or even any money at all . 
 the calculation works if you start at 35 and retire at 65 . 
 a simple savings plan : to save $ 28.654 by age 40 , you can start at age 30 by saving 2.865 dollars every year , 239 dollars -lrb- $ 2.865 / 12 months = $ 239 -rrb- , every month for 10 years . 
 it ´ s a lot of money to put aside every month , but it ´ s worth it . 
 compound interest calculator clarity is still looking for : http://www.smartmoney.com/calculator/other/compound-interest-calculator-1302835239643/ careers and accreditations to consider : chartered financial analyst : http://www.cfainstitute.org chartered wealth manager : http://www.financialcertified.com/chartered_wealth_manager.html http://www.financialcertified.com/certifications.html -lrb- other certifications -rrb- certified financial planner : http://www.cfp.net/ wealth : robert kiyosaki ´ s wealth community : http://www.richdad.com/ cash flow 101 game : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cashflow_101 practical money skills , financial skills by visa : http://www.practicalmoneyskills.com/ how to read robert kiyosaki ´ s books : he presents an interesting outlook on jobs and job security . 
 but don ´ t accumulate debt to buy a second home , speculating on the capital gain of the home . 
 a home is still an asset , despite what he says about it being a liability , because you live in it , because a home keeps its value above inflation , and a mortgage is still probably the most valuable debt to incur in order to own that asset . 
 the cash flow 101 game is worthwhile , it ´ s sophisticated and shows income and expenses at work , and it ´ s free in its online version . 
 educational sites and global news : free search engine for learning : http://www.goorulearning.org visual thesaurus : http://www.visualthesaurus.com/ formal logic , the laws and methods of correct thinking -lrb- free pdf file -rrb- : http://archive.org/details/lawsofthoughtorf00pola featured universities and other sites of interest : university of florida : http://www.ufl.edu/ university of alabama : http://www.ua.edu/ ucla , california , academic programs : http://www.ucla.edu/academics/departments-and-programs abu dhabi securities exchange : http://www.adx.ae/english/pages/default.aspx 
