 smashwords edition published by smudgeworks who41@gmx.com a hanging job w h oxley copyright 2013 w h oxley by the same author hitler 's banner steam : rocking ’n’ railing an accidental millionaire the missing gun : hawker of the yard table of contents the long drop chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 epilogue by the same author the long drop whereas the american fondness for democracy decrees that executions should be semi-public events complete with an audience seated in a theatre , the british would conduct theirs in a cramped little room with a couple of official witnesses . 
 there would have been no stroll along death row as the other inmates called out their farewells : all british condemned cells came equipped with an en suite gallows . 
 there are many ways to hang a man , and the method favoured in britain , the long drop , relied very much upon the skill of the hangman . 
 how far a man needed to fall in order to have his neck snapped by the jerk of the rope would vary according to his weight and other factors , and it was the hangman 's job to control the extent of the drop by adjusting the length of rope in relation to bodyweight etc. . 
 if he got it right , the neck would be broken and death instantaneous , but if he miscalculated the weight/drop ratio the result would vary from decapitation to strangulation . 
 however , the one thing that all british hangmen prided themselves on was speed : the object being to have the prisoner out of the cell and dangling at the end of a rope before the prison clock had finished striking eight . 
 the prisoner awaiting execution would be held in the condemned cell , a cell adjoining the execution chamber . 
 it always contained two doors , one of which led directly to the gallows . 
 on the day of execution , the prison governor , the padre and the official witnesses would assemble in the corridor outside the condemned cell at seven-thirty in the morning . 
 just before eight they would enter the cell , and the governor would read the notice of execution to the prisoner . 
 a moment later , the prison clock will begin to strike the hour ... at the first stroke , the door to the execution chamber flies open and the hangman marches in with his two assistants . 
 a leather belt is fastened around the prisoner , pinning his arms to his body , while another secures his legs . 
 then it 's out of the cell , into the execution chamber and onto the trapdoor . 
 a hood is placed over his head and a noose around his neck . 
 having expertly adjusted the angle of the noose to ensure that the neck is snapped by the drop , the hangman pulls a lever , the prisoner disappears through the trapdoor -- and the prison clock is still striking the hour ... chapter 1 the afternoon of the 18th of august 1939 was warm and sunny . 
 police constable george robinson plodded along the sleepy suburban high street at regulation pace . 
 he barely glanced at the placard propped up outside the newsagents . 
 scrawled across it in capital letters was the headline : hitler wants peace . 
 robinson had been pounding this beat for twelve years . 
 on leaving the army in 1919 he 'd been one of the lucky ones . 
 jobs were scarce at the end of the war , but the medal he 'd won for attacking a german machinegun post had smoothed his way into the ranks of the metropolitan police . 
 steady , reliable , unimaginative and always respectful to his betters , his bovine qualities matched his physique : he was built like an ox . 
 when it became obvious to his superiors that he was not destined for promotion , he 'd been posted to one of the new suburbs that had sprung up around london after the war . 
 he 'd taken to it like a duck to water , becoming a well respected pillar of the community . 
 freddy fox , known to one and all as foxy , kept his hands on the wheel and his eyes on the road . 
 once reputed to be the best in the business , he had n't been on a job in four years and had been reluctant to go on this one -- but when big sid asks a favour ... ten years ago he 'd enjoyed the thrill of the chase but now , past thirty , he considered himself to be a businessman not a tearaway . 
 admittedly , he did cut corners and most of the stuff he handled was a bit iffy , but the risks were low , unlike this little outing . 
 seated next to him , chewing gum and wearing a trilby hat , was jack parsons . 
 a taciturn man , he rarely spoke , and when he did , it was in a slow , monosyllabic manner , as if he had to rummage around in his brain to locate the words . 
 he fingered the sawn-off shotgun and frowned , wrinkling the crisscross pattern of razor scars etched on his face . 
 a hard man he came from a hard place -- the elephant and castle may not have been london 's answer to hell 's kitchen , but in his street if you did n't own a cut-throat razor by the age of fourteen you were a sissy . 
 in jail he 'd befriended alfie peck . 
 there are a lot of unpleasant things that can happen to you in jail , and that nothing happened to alfie was largely thanks to jack . 
 a prison is the ultimate capitalist jungle -- what are you worth ; what have you got to trade -- and alfie 's market value had been his family connections : he was a nephew of sid weston who controlled a large slice of the east end of london . 
 to jack , who 'd always been a small-timer , alfie represented an opportunity of promotion to the first division . 
 alfie sat hunched up on the back seat nursing a revolver . 
 this was his job ; he 'd planned it ; he 'd show them . 
 small and weedy , with a sallow complexion and permanent shaving rash , he was the runt of the litter . 
 while he was growing up the family called him little alfie , and when he 'd grown up it changed to little alfie . 
 his standing in the family firm had fallen even further after the fiasco that earned him a twelve month stretch . 
 sid had refused to arrange protection for him in jail , leaving him to his own devices in the hope it would make a man of him -- though it was only thanks to jack that someone had n't made a woman of him . 
 as the wolseley 8 cruised along holloway road in the direction of archway , foxy effortlessly changed gear without using the clutch . 
 he chuckled to himself ... nice to know i can still do it . 
 who needs a clutch ? 
 do n't think i 'll ever lose the knack , comes from starting young . 
 how many other kids of sixteen could go up and down a gearbox without a clutch just by matching the engines revs to the car 's speed ? 
 handy little trick to have up your sleeve , especially if you happen to have a copper up your arse , and i 'm gon na need every trick in the book on this little caper . 
 that alfie could n't organise his way out of a paper bag , let alone a piss up in the proverbial , probably why sid put the squeeze on me to do the driving . 
 if alfie screws up , i 'm the one that 's supposed to get him out of the shit -- ta very much , sid . 
 half an hour later , as the car glided to a halt outside the national provincial bank , foxy cast an expert eye up and down the high street . 
 it was quiet and peaceful . 
 he sighed . 
 he 'd been half hoping to see a patrol car or at least a couple of coppers , any excuse to abandon this little effort , but the high street was practically deserted . 
 instinctively , he pulled the brim of his hat down low . 
 the other two did likewise , before pulling their scarves up above their noses so that only their eyes showed . 
 nothing happened for over a minute . 
 foxy listened to the sound of alfie 's heavy breathing , hoping he 'd lost his bottle . 
 he was about to ask if it was okay to drive away , when alfie , in a voice a couple of octaves higher than normal , announced , ` right , let 's go . ' 
 as the two of them marched into the bank , alfie did his best to sound authoritative . 
 ` this is a hold up ! ' 
 he shouted , waving his gun . 
 ` everyone put their hands in the air ! ' 
 the butcher who 'd been paying in his takings wet himself and a little old lady fainted , but nobody put their hands up . 
 they just stared open mouthed . 
 alfie was about to repeat the command when the door marked manager opened and mr parker emerged . 
 he may have only been in charge of a petroleum depot in the war but , nonetheless , he 'd been a british officer . 
 ` what on earth do you think you are doing ? ' 
 he asked in the haughty tone he always used when turning down a loan application . 
 confused , alfie hesitated . 
 ` er , robbing your bank . ' 
 ` how dare you ! ' 
 parker turned purple . 
 ` i bloody well do dare ! ' 
 alfie snarled , pointing the gun . 
 ` stick ’em up ! ' 
 ` certainly not . ' 
 parker folded his arms across his chest . 
 ` i 'll shoot ! ' 
 alfie blustered . 
 ` go ahead . ' 
 parker 's arms remained folded . 
 ` i am a british officer and i would rather die than -- ' as the butt of jack 's shotgun smashed into the back of his head , parker collapsed to the floor and fell forward onto his face . 
 muttering , ` that 's all we needed , a bloody hero , ' jack kicked the inert figure . 
 it did n't move . 
 he glanced around the bank . 
 they all had their hands raised high above their heads . 
 alert to the slightest hint of irregularity , foxy sat in the car listening to the sound of the ticking engine . 
 it was purring as smoothly as a well fed cat . 
 he glanced in the rear-view mirror and froze . 
 the silhouette was unmistakeable : a helmet -- and foxy knew exactly what sort of helmet it was . 
 pc robinson was on his way back to the police station . 
 he fancied a nice cup of tea and maybe a bacon sandwich . 
 the high street was always quiet just after lunch . 
 there were only a dozen or so people about and one solitary car . 
 it was parked outside the bank . 
 another quiet day , nothing ever happened here . 
 he paused to mop his brow before plodding on in the direction of the bank , watched by an apprehensive foxy ... stuff this . 
 he 's coming our way . 
 what 's happening in that bloody bank ? 
 why are they taking so long ? 
 it 's only a bloody bank raid , for christ 's sake -- just point the gun , grab the money and get the eff out of there . 
 something must have gone wrong . 
 i knew i should never have taken the bloody job . 
 now what the hell do i do ? 
 if i sit here i run the risk of getting nicked , but if i piss off and leave those two arseholes behind , not only is my reputation stuffed but sid will send a couple of his boys round with razors . 
 i do n't fancy ending up with a face like a patchwork quilt -- and that 's if i 'm lucky . 
 if i 'm not , the only thing i 'll be left with after they 've finished circumcising me will be my foreskin . 
 so i 'm just gon na have to sweat it out . 
 hello , what 's the copper up to now ? 
 he 's stopped to talk to that old biddy pushing a pram . 
 oh my gawd , i do n't believe it , he 's admiring the baby . 
 now he 's patting her little boy on the head . 
 whatever happened to the good old british bobby who could always be relied on to give you a clip round the ear ? 
 he 's on the move again . 
 now what 's he doing ? 
 shit , he 's taken his notebook out and he 's looking this way ... do n't like the look of this . 
 yeah , thought so . 
 he 's writing something down : my bloody registration number i 'll bet . 
 all i need now is for those two clowns to come marching out of the bank waving their bloody guns ... at that moment , alfie and jack emerged . 
 no sign of the guns , but the scarves still covered their faces and alfie was carrying a bag . 
 at the sight of the policeman they hesitated , unsure what to do . 
 jack was the first to move . 
 ignoring robinson , he strode swiftly across the pavement to the waiting car , but alfie remained frozen on the steps of the bank . 
 robinson also paused . 
 having not been gifted with a great brain , anything outside of the normal routine rarely elicited a rapid response . 
 he thought it odd that the two men had their faces covered , but it never occurred to him that someone would rob a bank . 
 that was something that only happened in big cities or cowboy films . 
 alfie was still hesitating when the solid oak door of the bank slammed shut behind him . 
 it was another one and a half seconds before the alarm went off . 
 as jack screamed at alfie to shift his arse , pc robinson drew his truncheon . 
 jack 's shotgun appeared from inside his jacket , and he pointed it at robinson . 
 alfie remained frozen to the spot as robinson started moving forwards , truncheon held firmly in his hand . 
 jack pointed his gun in the air and pulled the trigger . 
 boom ! 
 the deafening roar momentarily drowned out the sound of the alarm , but robinson continued advancing at a steady pace . 
 four years in the trenches on the western front had inured him to the sound of gunfire . 
 he was back in his element : ignore the guns ; do n't hesitate ; do n't run , just keep marching . 
 ` let him have it ! ' 
 screamed jack . 
 alfie threw the bag . 
 it landed about twenty feet ahead of robinson . 
 ` not the money , you bloody idiot ! 
 i meant the rozzer ! 
 shoot the bastard ! ' 
 alfie pointed his revolver at robinson , and shouted , ` stop where you are . 
 one more step and i 'll blow your brains out ! ' 
 but the copper kept on coming . 
 alfie looked to jack for guidance . 
 robinson had almost reached the bag . 
 ` shoot the bastard ! 
 pull the fucking trigger ! ' 
 crack crack ! 
 police constable george robinson clutched his chest , twisted round and collapsed on the bag of money . 
 jack grabbed alfie , threw him into the back of the car and leapt in after him . 
 down went foxy 's foot on the accelerator and the car roared off . 
 ` what the fuck happened ? ' 
 foxy screamed as they raced away . 
 ` you killed a copper ! 
 that 's a bloody hanging job ! ' 
 ` i did n't mean to . ' 
 alfie had turned green . 
 ` did n't mean to ? 
 you pointed a bloody gun at him and pulled the fucking trigger ! ' 
 ` i did n't think that -- ' ` and i did n't think that you were using live ammo ! 
 you told me you 'd be using blanks . 
 i would n't have taken the bloody job if i 'd known you had live ammunition ! 
 now we 're all gon na swing ! ' 
 ` b-b-but i thought they were blanks . ' 
 ` what d’you mean , thought ? 
 did n't you bloody well check ? ' 
 ` i did n't think to . 
 i got them off of taffy davies . 
 he told me they were blanks . ' 
 ` he 's a bloody pimp ! 
 you trusted a welsh pimp ? 
 you 're more bloody stupid than you look . ' 
 jack remained silent throughout the exchange . 
 he sat there thoughtfully feeling his neck . 
 he 'd been in pentonville prison when they hung jimmy mcbride . 
 there 'd been rumours that the hangman had miscalculated the weight and the length of the drop , resulting in jimmy being decapitated . 
 it was said that the screws who 'd been obliged to clean up the mess were on sick leave for months . 
 chapter 2 the riley continental had been parked in the quiet back street since early morning . 
 there was nothing remarkable about it . 
 solid and respectable , its chrome headlights gleamed in the afternoon sun and the black cellulose paint was shiny enough for you to see your face in . 
 at the far end of the street where it joined the main road , stood a greengrocer 's shop . 
 bert claridge 's family had been hawking fruit and veg in street markets all over london for generations . 
 having spent the war as an observer in the royal flying corps , he 'd taken on this shop shortly after leaving the army . 
 like his business , life in the ensuing years had been steady but dull with little of interest to observe . 
 bored , he watched a wasp as it buzzed around his pears . 
 he was wondering how best to kill it when he caught a glimpse of a black car as it flashed past his shop . 
 ` now remember , ' said foxy , bringing the wolseley to a halt behind the riley , ` do n't rush , look casual , do n't look back , just look down and walk nice and slow , like you were on your way to church -- and do n't forget to keep your gloves on . ' 
 three car doors opened and three men got out . 
 hat brims low and heads well down , they strolled along to the riley , opened the doors and slid in . 
 gently , at a dignified pace , foxy eased the car along the street . 
 on reaching the main road he turned left and started back in the direction they 'd just come from . 
 ` oi , what 's the big idea ? ' 
 jack warily scanned the road ahead . 
 ` i 'd have thought it was bleeding obvious , einstein , change of plan . ' 
 foxy slipped smoothly into third gear . 
 ` after that bloody balls-up , the coppers 'll be checking every car heading into the smoke -- and some of ’em will have guns -- so i 'm doubling back . ' 
 ` my name ai n't einstein . 
 who 's einstein ? ' 
 ` a scientist ; he invented relativity . ' 
 ` how would you know ? ' 
 ` went to grammar school , did n't i ? ' 
 ` rozzers , ' hissed jack , at the sight of a police car racing towards them . 
 he griped the seat with one hand and fingered his adam 's apple with the other . 
 ` relax . ' 
 foxy did his best to sound calm in spite of his stomach churning like a cement mixer . 
 ` they 're not looking for us they 're after the wolseley , and it 's well tucked away in that side street . ' 
 jack breathed an audible sigh of relief as the police car flashed past and raced on in the direction they 'd just come from , its bell ringing intermittently . 
 foxy watched it disappear . 
 ` cheer up , jack , there 's a war coming , and with a bit of luck it 'll start next week . ' 
 ` there ai n't going to be no war . ' 
 ` how would you know ? ' 
 ` read it in the paper . ' 
 ` oh , in that case it must be true cos ... ' foxy paused and sniffed the air . 
 ` blimey , what 's that ? ' 
 ` what 's what ? ' 
 ` that smell . ' 
 ` oh that , ' jack 's voice was deadpan , ` that 's alfie . 
 he shat himself when he saw that cop-car . ' 
 ` oh my gawd , alfie , i do n't believe it . 
 not satisfied with killing a copper , now you 're trying to gas us . ' 
 ` piss off , foxy , it 's all right for you , ' whined alfie . 
 ` you ai n't the one what done the copper in . 
 it ai n't you what 's going to get hung . ' 
 ` correction , it bloody well is . 
 thanks to your inability to do something as basic as check your ammo , we 're all going to bloody well swing ! ' 
 ` i do n't see ... ' ` you tell him jack . 
 i 've got better things to do than educate an ignoramus . 
 i have to concentrate on getting us out of the shit . ' 
 foxy returned his attention to the road . 
 jack sighed . 
 ` he 's right , alfie . 
 we 're all guilty , and being as it was a rozzer there ai n't a cat 's chance in hell of a reprieve : they always hang cop killers . ' 
 he shook his head mournfully and fingered his neck thoughtfully , before continuing in a monotone voice . 
 ` i was doing a stretch in strangeways when they hung geordie jameson . 
 geordie was a peterman , one of the best safe crackers in the business , a real craftsman and as gentle as a lamb , hated violence . 
 the blaine brothers had a nice little number lined up , this big factory that always kept the wages in a safe overnight . 
 geordie were n't too keen at first , but they offered to split fifty/fifty with him , so he agreed . 
 he was nearly a half a mile away when the night-watchman snuffed it , but it made no difference , they still hung him . 
 if three blokes does a robbery together and some poor sod gets topped , that 's it : you 're all guilty under the law . ' 
 ` yeah , but they 're gon na have to catch us first , ' murmured foxy as he took a right turn . 
 ` at least they wo n't be looking for this car ... ' bert claridge was eying the wall mounted telephone thoughtfully . 
 he 'd always wanted to do it , but now he was n't sure . 
 he picked up the earpiece , put it to his ear and dialled the first digit ... then , hesitated . 
 replacing the earpiece on the hook , he went to the door , stood on the threshold of his shop and looked back down the street . 
 the wolseley was still parked there . 
 going back inside , he was about to pick up the phone but changed his mind and picked up an apple instead . 
 finally , after taking two bites of the apple , he made his decision . 
 marching purposefully over to the telephone , he dialled nine-nine-nine . 
 a calm female voice answered . 
 ` emergency : which service do you require ? ' 
 ` police . ' 
 ` one moment please . ' 
 ` scotland yard , ' a male voice , ` can i help you ? ' 
 bert hesitated . 
 he had n't been expecting to speak to scotland yard in person . 
 recovering his composure , he gulped in a lungful of air , stood to attention and announced , ` i wish to report a suspicious car . ' 
 ` i see , sir , and what is it that makes you think that this car is suspicious ? ' 
 ` it 's parked in the street . 
 just down the road from my shop . ' 
 ` is it a jeweller 's shop , sir ? ' 
 ` no , it 's a greengrocer 's . 
 it 's on the corner of watford road and hester street . ' 
 ` i see , sir , a greengrocer 's ... well , sir , if anybody reports a missing car we 'll let them know where it is . ' 
 ` it 's a wolseley 8 . ' 
 ` did you say a wolseley 8 , sir ? ' 
 the voice remained flat and unemotional but there was a slight change of tone . 
 ` yes , a black one . 
 it was parked by three men who drove off in a riley seventeen minutes ago . ' 
 ` you 're very exact , sir . ' 
 ` i should be : i was an observer in the royal flying corps during the war . ' 
 ` i see , sir . 
 would you happen to know the registration number ? 
 ` of course i do . 
 it is bhj 812 . ' 
 ` thank you , sir . 
 i take it then that you know the registration number of the riley ? ' 
 ` i most certainly do . 
 it was a black riley continental , and its registration number is rus 728 . 
 it turned left and headed north up watford road . ' 
 ` are you sure that it headed north , sir ? ' 
 ` of course i 'm sure . 
 i told you i used to be an observer . 
 you do n't make mistakes in a war . 
 it costs lives , you know . ' 
 ` thank you , sir . 
 you have been most helpful . 
 we will be sending somebody round to take a full statement from you . ' 
 ` i suppose you know where your going , foxy ? ' 
 jack peered suspiciously at the fields and hedgerows . 
 he did n't like the country . 
 he sniffed the fresh air through the open window . 
 he did n't like that either : it smelt funny . 
 ` well , since you ask , i reckon the best thing to do would be to make for potters bar , dump the car and take the train back to london . 
 we 're in hertfordshire and the local coppers are a bunch of swede-bashers . 
 so we should n't be getting any shit from them . 
 and look on the bright side , thanks to alfie we wo n't have to waste any time sharing out the money . ' 
 ` it were n't my fault , ' alfie moaned . 
 ` i thought that -- ' ` do n't make no difference , mate , once you topped that copper the stuff was more bloody trouble than it was worth . 
 there ai n't a fence in the country that 'd touch it , even at tuppence in the pound . 
 and if you were daft enough to try and spend it , sooner or later they 'd trace one of the serial numbers back to you . 
 anyway , so long as you remember to keep your gloves on we -- ' ` you never said nuffing about keeping our gloves on after we changed cars ! ' 
 alfie looked confused . 
 ` i bloody well did ! 
 do n't tell me you took the bloody things off ? ' 
 ` i had to when i was trying to clean the shit off . 
 i did n't want it on me gloves . ' 
 ` yeah ? 
 well , you 're gon na have a load more shit in your pants when they hang you -- but do n't worry you 'll die with nice clean gloves . ' 
 ` stuff you , foxy , you and your stupid jokes ! ' 
 ` it 's being cheerful that keeps me going , mate . 
 if i 'm gon na die , i 'll die laughing . 
 but if they wan na hang me they 're gon na have to catch me . 
 that 's why i 'm taking charge . ' 
 ` no you 're bloody well not ! ' 
 alfie looked indignant . 
 ` yes i bloody well am ! 
 and if you do n't like it you can bloody well lump it . 
 it 's not just your arse on the line , it 's ours , and i for one ai n't taking no eight o’clock walk . ' 
 ` yeah , well i 've got the gun ! ' 
 ` oh you do surprise me . 
 i did n't happen to notice -- and here was me thinking that copper dropped dead from a heart attack . ' 
 ` fuck you , foxy ! ' 
 alfie pointed the pistol . 
 ` so what are you going to do , smartarse , shoot me ? 
 neither of you can drive . 
 why not ask jack what he thinks about it ? ' 
 jack , who had been chewing gum , stopped chewing and swung round in his seat to face alfie . 
 ` what do i think ? ' 
 he growled . 
 ` i think it was thanks to me that you waltzed out of the scrubs with your lilywhite arse intact , but if you do n't put that shooter away i 'm going to shove it right up your lilywhite . 
 so shut the fuck up and leave it to foxy . 
 he 's got education : he went to grammar school . ' 
 alfie wilted and descended into a sulky silence , jack resumed his gum-chewing and foxy pondered his new found position ... blimey , this is a turn up for the books . 
 i 've been promoted to gang leader ; that 's if you can call this lot a gang . 
 jack 's got some potential but alfie ... yeah , less said the better . 
 so what am i supposed do about this car ? 
 i ca n't just dump it . 
 not now that alfie 's gone and left his shitty dabs all over the bloody thing . 
 i could never be sure of wiping it completely clean , and if the coppers find it you can bet they 'll go over it with a fine tooth comb . 
 only one thing for it , it 's gon na have to disappear -- and i only know one person who can make a car vanish : lil . 
 so i 'm gon na have to pay her a little visit and be nice to her . 
 meantime , as long as i drive nice and careful we should n't get pulled in by the local coppers . 
 in 1939 not all british police forces were equipped with radio patrol cars . 
 the technology was still evolving and the wave bands used did not work well in built up areas . 
 however , the hertfordshire constabulary were justifiably proud of their radio communication system , from the tall mast mounted on the roof of police headquarters to the state of the art communications room with its massive transmitters packed with glass valves . 
 pc rodgers was on duty . 
 he 'd spent the war in the signal corps and was happy to be back plying his old trade . 
 it was a quiet day , and he was relaxing with a nice cup of tea when a young constable entered with a message . 
 rodgers glanced at what was written on the sheet of paper before grabbing the microphone and flicking a switch . 
 ` calling all cars , calling all cars , be on the lookout for a black riley continental , registration number rus 728 , containing three males . 
 approach with caution : they are armed and dangerous . ' 
 chapter 3 ` do you have to drive so bleeding slow ? ' 
 alfie lit a cigarette and offered the packet to the other two . 
 they both shook their heads : they knew where alfie 's hands had been . 
 foxy sighed . 
 ` use your loaf , alfie . 
 the last thing we need is the local swede-force pulling us in for speeding . 
 i do n't want to go down in history as the only bloke who got hung for exceeding the limit . 
 relax mate , once we 're clear of this dump i 'll speed up a bit . 
 though not too much -- always keep a low profile that 's my motto . ' 
 dropping down to second gear , he drove along the main street of the small town . 
 the afternoon sun shone on a sign hanging from the blackened oak beams of a timber framed building . 
 the words the kings head and whitbread ales were painted above and below a portrait of henry viii . 
 outside the pub , a farmer was leaning up against a cart smoking a pipe while his horse quenched its thirst in a stone horse-trough . 
 foxy felt an urgent need for a pint but settled for a cigarette . 
 he was just lighting it when -- ` shit ! ' 
 -- he spotted something in his rear-view mirror . 
 ` what 's up ? ' 
 jack squinted at the road ahead . 
 alfie said nothing , but his eyes were darting about like frantic ferrets . 
 foxy spoke slowly and carefully . 
 ` do n't either of you two turn around , but we 've got the busies up our bottoms . ' 
 ` what are you waiting for ? ' 
 squawked alfie . 
 ` get the fuck out of here ! ' 
 ` i fully intend to , mate , which is why i ai n't put my foot down . 
 cos what you do n't know , and i do , is that there 's a ruddy great radio aerial stuck on the roof of that car . 
 i did n't know the local swede-force was that technologically advanced -- i thought they were still using carrier pigeons . ' 
 ` i do n't see why -- ' ` i 'll tell you why : there 's no reason for those woodentops to be interested in us . 
 as far as they 're concerned we 're just three law abiding blokes tootling along minding our own business , but if we were to draw attention to ourselves by racing off they could end up radioing headquarters . 
 so , just as long as they do n't start taking an unhealthy interest in us , i 'm gon na sweat it out and hope they piss off . ' 
 ` what if they do n't ? ' 
 alfie waved his pistol . 
 ` then i 'll cross that bridge when i come to it -- and you can stop waving that bloody gun about . 
 are you sure the safety catch is on ? ' 
 ` course it is . ' 
 ` you 're so bloody stupid i do n't know whether to believe you . ' 
 jack said nothing during the exchange . 
 he sat silently chewing gum before picking up his shotgun and slipping two cartridges into the breach . 
 ` sorry , foxy , ' he grunted , ` they 're live ones . 
 they can only hang me once , no matter how many rozzers i kill . ' 
 ` take it easy , jack . 
 we do n't even know for sure if that copper 's dead . ' 
 ` he 's dead : saw the way he went down . 
 seen it before . ' 
 ` yeah , but still -- ' ` you got the brains , foxy ; i got the muscle . 
 your job 's to get us out of here ; mine 's to sort things out if you do n't , okay ? ' 
 ` okay , but in the meantime i 'm in charge , agreed ? ' 
 ` agreed ... ' nobody asked alfie for his opinion . 
 foxy checked the mirror . 
 the patrol car was still there , unhurried and at exactly the same distance . 
 he glanced at the speedometer , just over twenty . 
 once out into open countryside , he increased the speed to forty ; the gap between the two cars remained unchanged . 
 he eased up to fifty ; so did the police . 
 he slowed down ; they slowed down . 
 it was as if the two cars were linked by an invisible force . 
 having given the appropriate hand signal , foxy turned left -- and the patrol car followed . 
 at the next opportunity he turned right ; the police did likewise . 
 ` are the rozzers still there ? ' 
 jack 's voice was grim . 
 the afternoon sun lit up the scars on his face and glinted on the shotgun resting on his lap . 
 alfie said nothing . 
 he just sat huddled up on the back seat clutching the revolver to his chest . 
 ` ' fraid so , ' foxy sighed . 
 ` so what 're you going to do then ? ' 
 ` there 's only one thing for it , i 'm gon na have to find a convenient place to stop and ... what was that ? ' 
 ` i think alfie 's just shit himself again . ' 
 ` erm ... yeah , well , as i was saying , the only way to find out if the busies means business is to pull in somewhere and see what they get up to . 
 look on the bright side , this car can knock the spots off an austin 10 in a chase . 
 i 'll pull in just past the next crossroads . ' 
 ` why crossroads ? ' 
 ` cos , if they pull up in front of us and block the road ahead , i just reverse round the corner , put my foot down and bugger off back the way we came . 
 by the time the boys in blue have finished doing a three point turn we 'll be half way to essex . ' 
 ` look , crossroads . ' 
 jack pointed ahead . 
 foxy slowed down . 
 so did the patrol car . 
 the signpost read waltham abbey eighteen miles . 
 in an adjoining field a reaping machine was cutting a swath through the ripe wheat , and neatly stacked corn sheaths covered half the field . 
 foxy surveyed the scene . 
 ` ca n't stop here , jack . ' 
 ` why not ? ' 
 ` cos , in case you ai n't noticed there are kids in that field . 
 they 're helping with the harvest -- and the last thing we want is kids in the firing line . ' 
 he turned right , followed by the police . 
 ` oi , what 's the big idea ? ' 
 jack glared at foxy . 
 ` we 're going the wrong way . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 ` so , what 's the game ? ' 
 ` tactics , mate , tactics , you 'll see . ' 
 as the car negotiated a series of hairpin bends , foxy slowed down after entering each bend , forcing the police car to brake suddenly when it came round the curve . 
 by the third bend the police were reducing speed in advance so as to maintain distance . 
 the fourth bend was exactly what foxy was looking for : it ran through a wood . 
 ` hang on to your hats , boys . ' 
 foxy spoke through gritted teeth as he hit the bend . 
 down went his foot , and the rear wheels griped the tarmac as he skilfully jiggled the accelerator peddle to maintain maximum possible speed without losing control . 
 the car accelerated round the bend before rocketing along the hundred yard stretch to the next series of s shaped curves . 
 as it screamed around the snaking bends , a rigid faced jack gripped his seat and alfie was thrown back and forth across the back seat : left , right , and left again . 
 once out into the straight , there was a shout of triumph from foxy . 
 ` our luck 's in , boys ! ' 
 in the distance a church tower rose high above a huddle of thatched cottages , but the object of foxy 's interest was not the chocolate box english village but a collection of ramshackle corrugated iron constructions and rusting farm machinery situated on a piece of land adjoining the road . 
 in a flash he was off the road and weaving his way past the assortment of old iron before tucking himself in behind one of the sheds . 
 after a brief wait for the patrol car to drive past their hiding place , he was back on the road leading to essex . 
 pc mills , the village bobby , was sweating in his tunic as he stood among the moss covered gravestones discussing the details of the forthcoming church fete with the vicar . 
 a passing car caught his eye . 
 he frowned , pulled out his notebook and ruffled through the pages before interrupting the vicar in mid intonation . 
 ` begging your pardon , vicar , oi hopes you do n't mind me asking , but could oi use your telephone ? ' 
 ` is it important ? ' 
 the vicar sounded mildly irritated . 
 ` it is , sir , urgent police business . ' 
 ` oh very well then , follow me . ' 
 ` i 'm getting pissed off with thatched cottages , ' grunted jack , as they left the village behind them . 
 he sniffed the air . 
 ` and i 'm getting pissed of with cow shit . 
 how much further ? ' 
 foxy glanced at the signpost . 
 ` not far to go . 
 we should be in essex in a jiffy . 
 look on the bright side , mate , at least it 's a nice sunny day . ' 
 five minutes later it began to rain . 
 a few drops at first , but after the first clap of thunder it came down by the bucketful . 
 foxy switched on the windscreen wipers and rummaged through his pockets . 
 ` anyone got a fag ? ' 
 ` here . ' 
 jack proffered a packet of gold flake . 
 ` ta . ' 
 foxy took one , lit it and exhaled luxuriously . 
 jack spat his chewing gum out of the window , shoved a cigarette in his mouth and asked , ` where we heading for , foxy ? ' 
 ` i reckon the best thing would be to drop you and alfie off in loughton . 
 being as it 's on the central line , you can get the underground straight into town . ' 
 ` what about you , where are you going ? ' 
 ` me , i 'll be making for southend . ' 
 ` blimey , we got half the bleeding met looking for us , and foxy 's going to the seaside , ' chortled alfie . 
 ` correction : after that cockup of yours , we 've got the whole bleeding met looking for us . 
 and the reason i 've got ta go to the seaside is cos you were too bloody thick to keep your gloves on . 
 i ca n't just dump this jam jar . 
 it 's gon na have to have to disappear -- and i happen to know someone in southend who can make cars disappear . 
 got it ? ' 
 ` why do n't yer set fire to it ? ' 
 alfie sniffed . 
 ` use your loaf , alfie . 
 if we find a nice quiet spot in the middle of nowhere to burn it , how we s ' posed get home ? 
 i do n't fancy wandering around in the sticks in the pouring rain . 
 and if we were to burn it outside the station we might just attract a bit of attention to ... oh , shit ! ' 
 ` what 's up ? ' 
 ` coppers ahead ! ' 
 the austin 10 was parked at the side of the road under the shelter of an ancient oak tree . 
 the five foot aerial on the roof was the giveaway . 
 as foxy pondered the scene , he did his best to sound reassuring . 
 ` hmm , at least it 's a different one . 
 could be a coincidence ... ' he paused as he caught a flicker of movement on the seat behind him . 
 ` you ai n't taken the safety catch off have you , alfie ? ' 
 ` yeah , so what ? ' 
 alfie sneered . 
 ` like jack said , they ca n't hang me twice . ' 
 ` oh gawd , ' foxy groaned , ` here we go again . 
 could you at least stop playing soldiers for a minute and pretend to be looking out of the other window -- and make sure you 've got your back to ’em as we drive past . 
 you too , jack , and get close to me . 
 i do n't want the coppers clocking my boat race . ' 
 once passed the austin 10 , foxy kept a wary eye on the mirror , but the police remained unmoving under the oak tree . 
 he breathed a sigh of relief as he rounded a bend . 
 ` i think our luck 's in . 
 they ai n't looking for us . 
 so you can put that bloody safety catch back on , alfie . 
 you 're making me nervous . ' 
 ` are you bleeding sure ? ' 
 ` almost -- but i 'll pull in somewhere just to make certain . 
 and relax for christ 's sake . 
 if it comes to a chase there ai n't nobody who can catch old foxy on a nice wet road . ' 
 foxy waited until he found a suitable turning , a narrow country lane , and parked just past it . 
 after less than a minute , the patrol car reappeared and halted about a hundred yards behind them . 
 ` stuff that , they 're shadowing us . 
 only one thing for it , i 'm gon na have to outrun ’em ... ' before the police had time to react , foxy was accelerating up to sixty miles an hour , leaving them floundering in his wake . 
 after going all out for five miles he eased back a little . 
 ` almost there , boys , we 'll soon be -- shit ! ' 
 as he slammed on the brakes the riley went into a skid , waltzing all over the road like a skater on ice . 
 eventually , he succeeded in bringing it to a halt about five yards short of the level crossing gate . 
 it was a very solid gate , a formidable barrier blocking the entire road . 
 jack tightened his grip on the shotgun and alfie released the safety catch on his revolver . 
 ` take it easy , boys . 
 we 've probably lost the woodentops and ... ' foxy 's voice trailed away as he caught sight of the austin 10 in the rear-view mirror . 
 it halted some way back . 
 ` why do they always keep their distance ? ' 
 he murmured . 
 ` they must know we 've got shooters , ' growled jack . 
 ` the bastards are keeping out of range . 
 come on , alfie , let 's sort ’em out . ' 
 ` erm , yeah ... ' mumbled alfie , sitting tight and making no effort to get out of the car . 
 ` hold on , jack . ' 
 foxy patted him on the shoulder . 
 ` do n't do nothing hasty . ' 
 ` do n't worry , foxy , if they 're good little boys and behave themselves , i 'll just shoot a tyre out . ' 
 ` look , jack , why do n't you ... ' ` sorry , foxy ... ' jack opened the door , got out and tucked his shotgun under his arm . 
 then he hesitated . 
 through the rain he could see a car approaching on the other side of the railway line . 
 it halted a short distance from the opposite gate . 
 three doors opened and three policemen stepped out . 
 one held a revolver in his hand ; the other two were carrying lee-enfield rifles . 
 ` armed police ! ' 
 shouted jack as he threw himself back in the car . 
 ` get the fuck out of here ! ' 
 pc bailey , the driver of the austin 10 , froze like a rabbit as the riley hurtled towards him . 
 he 'd always enjoyed the thrill of the chase and run many a poacher to ground , but this was something new : robbers were supposed to run away from cops , not race backwards on a collision course . 
 nobody in their right mind reversed at that speed . 
 he must be dealing with a madman . 
 instinctively , he threw the car into reverse , but the engine stalled and he was reduced to muttering a prayer he 'd learned at sunday school . 
 at the very last moment the riley switched to the other side of the road and flashed past him . 
 the last he saw of it in his rear-view mirror was the chrome radiator and headlights gleaming through the curtain of rain . 
 chapter 4 ` blimey , foxy , you 're a fast worker . ' 
 jack watched as foxy attached the registration plate . 
 ` yeah , well you 've got ta be in this game , ai n't you ? ' 
 foxy stood up and brushed himself down . 
 ` you never know how much time you 've got to change a number plate when the old bill 's on the warpath . ' 
 ` what sort of place is this ? ' 
 jack gazed around at the decaying woodwork , bare brick walls , broken windows and concrete floor covered in bird droppings . 
 ` dunno , mate , and do n't care . 
 it 's by a stream so it probably used to be a mill . 
 i 'm just bloody glad i spotted it just before we ran into the heavy artillery . 
 the woodentops wo n't expect me to hole up this close to the level crossing , but sooner or later they 'll be back sniffing around , which is why i wan na get going a bit sharpish . 
 that 's a point , where 's that prat alfie got to ? ' 
 ` cleaning the shit out of his pants . ' 
 ` yeah , well so long as he remembers to keep his gloves on ... ' ` do n't worry , i told him i 'd shove ’em up his arse if he did n't . ' 
 ` good , then as soon as he 's finished wiping his arse we can start shifting ours . 
 now where 's my little bag of ... ' he paused as a shame-faced alfie slunk in pulling up his braces . 
 foxy chuckled , ` hello , look what the wind 's blown in . 
 i hope you 've got a nice clean bottom , alfie . ' 
 ` give it a rest , foxy . 
 it 's cos i been eating winkles . ' 
 ` yeah ? 
 well , next time you go on a job remember to eat a proper breakfast . ' 
 ` what next time ? ' 
 jack growled . 
 ` leave it , jack . ' 
 foxy held up a hand . 
 ` first , let 's get the hell out of here , cos if we do n't ... ' ` how ? 
 we 've got no chance against the rozzers , they 've got rifles and all we 've got is a sawn-off and a revolver . ' 
 ` as far as i 'm concerned that 's the good news : it means you two might just stop trying to kill coppers . 
 and i do n't care what you say , there 's always a chance the copper ai n't dead . ' 
 ` hmm ... ' jack frowned and ran his fingers over his scars as if counting them one by one . 
 ` and , ' foxy continued , ` like you just said , we got no chance against rifles . 
 you might as well be carrying peashooters . 
 so i ai n't driving if you 're carrying . 
 if you want to walk back to the smoke your welcome -- and you can take alfie with you -- but if you expect me to drive , you get rid of the guns . ' 
 ` i do n't know ... ' ` use your loaf , jack . 
 even if they pull us in , if we ai n't got the guns or the money they 've got nothing to link us to the bank job . 
 with a good brief we 've got at least a fifty/fifty chance of getting off , but if you and little caesar start waving bloody guns about , then we 're all for the long drop . ' 
 ` yeah , i suppose ... ' ` good . 
 and make sure you wipe that shotgun clean , and i do n't trust alfie to clean his gun , so you do it . 
 then take the car plates and chuck the lot in that pond . 
 not much chance of them being found this side of christmas -- and even if they are , so long as there 's no prints on ’em they 'll have nothing on us . ' 
 ` what about the plates ? ' 
 ` cleaned ’em already . ' 
 ` i s ' pose we ai n't got much choice , ' jack shrugged his shoulders , ` but even with new number plates we 'll stick out a mile : three blokes in a riley continental . 
 if the rozzers spot us they 're bound to pull us in . ' 
 ` not if they think we 've got guns . 
 they 'll have to radio for the heavy mob , and they ai n't gon na do that if they see only one bloke in the car , which is why you two 'll be lying down in the back covered with a blanket . ' 
 ` mmm , worth a try ... might work . ' 
 ` do n't worry , mate , it will work . 
 old foxy 's always got a trick up his sleeve . 
 so , the sooner you two move your arses and get shot of the incriminating evidence , the sooner we can eff off out of here . ' 
 with a sigh , jack set about his task , carefully wiping every surface of his gun . 
 finished , he turned to alfie . 
 ` right , hand it over . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 alfie feigned innocence . 
 ` your shooter . ' 
 ` bollocks . ' 
 ` if you do n't , i 'll tear yours off . ' 
 ` it ai n't fair . ' 
 like a sulky child , alfie threw his revolver on the ground and stormed off . 
 without a word , jack picked it up and got to work . 
 satisfied , he asked , ` i just chuck everything in the pond , right ? ' 
 ` yeah , and make sure it 's in the middle . ' 
 once he was alone , foxy began his transformation . 
 when jack returned he had a sullen looking alfie in tow . 
 they both stared in amazement . 
 alfie was the first to speak . 
 ` blimey , you look like a vicar . ' 
 ` that 's what the woodentops are s ' posed to think . ' 
 foxy adjusted his dog collar and tapped the horn-rimmed glasses . 
 ` yeah , but what if you get pulled in ? ' 
 jack looked thoughtful . 
 ` ai n't it illegal to impersonate a vicar ? ' 
 ` not half as illegal as bumping off a copper . 
 come on , move your arses you two . 
 let 's get the hell out of here . ' 
 it had stopped raining and the sun was shining on the bright red telephone box that stood on the corner of essex road and coleman street . 
 police constable perkins was stationed next to the box . 
 notebook in hand , he watched the traffic . 
 twenty-one years of age , fresh faced and six feet three inches tall , he 'd joined the police for the excitement , but the reality had turned out to be mind numbing boredom . 
 fed up and longing for adventure , he had resolved to volunteer for the army if war broke out . 
 but today was different . 
 something exciting had happened at last . 
 his orders were simple . 
 he was to keep a keen look out for a black riley continental , registration number rus 728 . 
 this car was to be reported immediately . 
 the registration number of all other black riley continentals was to be written down , and if it contained three males it was also to be reported to hq by means of the telephone . 
 for this purpose he had been given a special number to dial that would put him straight through , bypassing the need to insert coins . 
 the orders had been very clear : do not to approach ; they are armed and dangerous . 
 a tingle of excitement ran down his spine . 
 a black riley was approaching , a continental , but there was only one person visible . 
 he licked his pencil and was about to write the number in his notebook when he recognised the driver . 
 it was william pollock who ran a car hire business . 
 with a sigh he resumed his watch . 
 the traffic was light , mainly austins , fords and morrises . 
 there was a riley , but it was n't a continental . 
 he was debating whether to visit the army recruiting office tomorrow , when he saw approaching a black riley continental on the opposite side of the road . 
 his instinct told him that there was something about it -- and it was n't just instinct : it was splattered with mud . 
 that was suspicious . 
 he hesitated , unsure whether to lick his pencil or draw his truncheon . 
 he was still wavering , when he realised that it was slowing down . 
 his adrenaline went into overdrive and he reached for his truncheon , but all tension evaporated at the sight of the clerical collar . 
 foxy stopped the car , wound down the window and called out in a singsong voice , ` i am very sorry to trouble you , officer , but i have come out without my watch . 
 would you happen to have the correct time ? ' 
 ` it 's ten minutes past five , sir . ' 
 perkins snapped smartly to attention and saluted . 
 ` splendid splendid , then i wo n't be late for evensong . 
 thank you , officer , you have been most helpful . ' 
 as foxy drove away he heard a familiar sound from the back of the car . 
 ` is that what i think it was ? ' 
 ` ' fraid so , ' grunted jack . 
 ` i ca n't help it , ' moaned alfie . 
 ` i told yer , it was them winkles i ate . ' 
 it was well past seven o’clock and sun was low over the hedgerows by the time foxy finally deposited his passengers . 
 it had been a tortuous drive , threading his way through the back roads and country lanes of essex . 
 unsure what to expect from the essex constabulary , he 'd maintained his lone clergyman image , obliging the other two to remain hidden under the blanket . 
 jack had suffered in silence but alfie had whinged and whined most of the way . 
 it was only after jack had threatened to throw him out of the car that he 'd finally shut up . 
 a mile short of his destination , foxy called out , ` almost there . 
 you can come out now . ' 
 ` and about bleeding time too . ' 
 alfie emerged from under the blanket , blinking in the evening sun . 
 ` where the bleedin ' hell are we ? ' 
 ` just approaching shenfield . ' 
 ` and where the fuck 's that ? ' 
 alfie peered at the handful of suburban villas lining the road . 
 ` it 's on the main line to london . 
 the trains coming from southend or chelmsford all stop here , so you can hop off at stratford . ' 
 foxy halted just short of the railway station . 
 ` nip out a bit sharpish and walk along to the station . 
 i do n't want any nosey railway porters spotting you getting out of this car . ' 
 without a word , alfie jumped out and sloped off in the direction of the station . 
 before following him , jack offered his hand . 
 ` thanks , foxy , i owe you one . 
 anytime you need a favour ... ' ` thanks , jack , i appreciate it , ' foxy shook it , ` but you 'd better get moving ... ' chapter 5 it was dark by the time foxy turned into the nondescript street off london road in southend . 
 the beam of the headlights picked out the words painted on the heavy wooden gates : a h farrow & daughter scrap merchants . 
 with a sigh of relief he brought the car to a halt and switched off the ignition . 
 the dog collar and black shirtfront having been ditched somewhere near wickford , he was collarless . 
 a quick rummage around located his collar and tie , but he could n't find a collar stud . 
 ` well she 'll have to take me as she finds me , ' he murmured , as climbed out of the car and stretched his aching body . 
 there was a light in the downstairs window as he rapped the door knocker . 
 nothing happened . 
 he knocked again . 
 this time there was a response . 
 the frosted glass panel of the front door lit up as one of the internal doors opened . 
 lil had been getting ready for bed when she heard the knock . 
 wearing a pink dressing gown , her blonde curls reaching almost to her bosom , she had been curled up on the sofa with a cup of cocoa listening to the radio . 
 her figure was a collection of well shaped curves that had ripened with age , but under the soft fluffy exterior lurked a tough interior . 
 when her father had been conscripted into the army in the dying days of the war , never to return , it had fallen upon lil , barely out of her teens , to take over the running of the family business . 
 the late twenties and early thirties had been tough going , but lil 's willingness to use her body to clinch a deal , particularly with local councillors , had ensured enough contracts to keep the firm afloat until german rearmament resulted in a massive increase in the demand for scrap metal . 
 when the local trams were replaced by trolleybuses , it was lil who 'd shipped the old tramlines over to germany to be converted into tanks and guns , having first secured a very good price from a rather randy nazi official . 
 as she paused to check her appearance in the hallway mirror , there was an impatient rap on the glass door panel . 
 ` all right , foxy , i 'm coming . 
 you do n't have to break the damned door down . ' 
 ` how did you know it was me ? ' 
 ` how do i ever ? 
 you ca n't just knock , you have to play land of hope and glory . 
 when she opened the door and caught sight of him , she gasped , ` cripes , foxy , you do look a sight . 
 what , on earth are you doing wandering around at this time of night without a collar or tie ? 
 you 're not on the run , are you ? ' 
 ` course not , lil . ' 
 ` hmmm ... ' she waved her cigarette holder . 
 ` do n't tell me ; let me guess . 
 i suppose you 've been on the piss and did n't fancy the drive back . ' 
 ` you 're bleeding joking . 
 i have n't had a drink all day . 
 i 'm gasping for one . ' 
 ` then you 'd better come in . ' 
 ` er , yeah ... ' he hesitated on the threshold . 
 ` um , would you mind opening the gates ? 
 i do n't want to leave the car in the street . ' 
 ` so that 's it , ' she chuckled . 
 ` i should have known . 
 you 're a bit old for nicking cars are n't you , darlin ' ? 
 that 's a kid 's game . ' 
 she frowned . 
 ` how much is this going to cost me ? ' 
 ` nothing . 
 it 's a present . 
 just make sure it 's broken up first thing tomorrow . ' 
 he stroked his moustache . 
 ` ahh ... ' she gave him quizzical look . 
 ` you have n't been on a job , have you , darlin ' ? 
 i thought you did n't go in for that sort of thing anymore . ' 
 ` i do n't . 
 i have n't been on one in years ... honest ... ' ` have n't been on a job in years ? ' 
 lil reached out for the packet of cigarettes on the bedside table . 
 she handed one to foxy who was lying beside her , head resting on the lacy pillow . 
 ` you ca n't fool me , darlin ' . 
 the last time you gave me such a hammering was after the hatton garden job five years ago . ' 
 ` yeah , well ... ' foxy lit his cigarette . 
 as he did so , she placed a hand on his chest and slid it down past his stomach . 
 ` thought so , ' she whispered . 
 ` you 've definitely been up to your old tricks . 
 it 's the only thing i know that gives you a permanent hard-on ... not that i 'm complaining . ' 
 ` yeah , i s ' pose there 's no fooling you , lil . 
 how long 's it been now ? ' 
 ` twelve years ; you were still young and innocent then ... well maybe not innocent . ' 
 ` heh-heh , you still taught me a few tricks , though . ' 
 ` probably why you always come back to mama , either that or because you 're in trouble . 
 how hot 's that car ? ' 
 ` i would n't call it hot ... lukewarm perhaps , ' he tickled the inside of her thigh , ` unlike you . ' 
 ` so how did it go ? ' 
 ` how did what go ? ' 
 ` do n't play games with me , darlin ' . ' 
 she brushed his hand away . 
 ` you know dammed well what i 'm talking about . 
 how did the job go ? ' 
 ` so so ... ' ` so it went badly ? ' 
 ` it was n't great . 
 ` it was n't ? ' 
 ` no payday ... ' ` mmm ... d’you need a sub ? 
 i could give you something for the car ... ' ` nah , i did n't do it for the money . ' 
 he slid his hand back up between her thighs . 
 ` so , why did you do it ? ' 
 she ignored the hand . 
 ` somebody asked me for a favour ... ' ` ah , yes , you eastenders ... ' ` i 'm from walthamstow . ' 
 ` sorry , i keep forgetting . 
 but you used to mix with that crowd in the old days , did n't you ? ' 
 ` i still do a lot of business in dockland . 
 ca n't just rely on what falls off the back of lorries , ships are bigger . ' 
 he moved his hand higher and began to go round the edges with a finger . 
 ` so who persuaded you to come out of retirement ? ' 
 she opened her legs slightly . 
 ` retirement ? 
 you make it sound like i was pushing sixty or something . 
 i did n't retire , i just moved on . ' 
 ` do n't worry , love , you 've still got all your hair . 
 but who was it ? ' 
 ` it 's best you do n't know . ' 
 he inserted a finger and began to massage . 
 ` is there anything that the police can pin on you ? ' 
 she opened her legs wider . 
 ` nothing i ca n't talk my way out of . ' 
 he bent over and ran is tongue along the length of her torso , from top to bottom . 
 ` ahhh ... yes , you always did have a silver tongue ... ' bed linen , carpet , curtains and wallpaper , everything was pink , even the bacon . 
 foxy sat propped up in bed , eating breakfast off a tray in the rose tinted surroundings of lil 's bedroom . 
 foxy , however , was not feeling in the pink . 
 it was a good breakfast , and it had been a good night . 
 lil , as usual , had been obliging , very obliging . 
 but now , after the adrenaline of the chase and the exertions of the night , he pondered his situation ... i wish that paperboy would shift his arse . 
 there was nothing on the radio last night . 
 a copper getting gunned down , that should have been on the news . 
 but all they were rambling on about was germany and danzig . 
 there 's bugger all else in the news these days . 
 if they 're going to have a bloody war , the sooner they get started the better . 
 it 's about the only thing that might save my bacon : who 's gon na give a monkey 's about one dead copper when the germans start dropping bombs on london . 
 why ca n't that prat hitler move his bloody arse ? 
 come on , adolf , i 'm counting on you ... ` cripes , darlin ' , you look like the queen of sheba . ' 
 lil , her blonde hair now piled up on her head , marched in waving a copy of the news chronicle . 
 ` give us a break , lil , and more important , give me that bloody paper . ' 
 ` you have n't made the front page , love ; from the way you were behaving , i was starting to think you 'd killed somebody . ' 
 foxy ignored her , grabbed the paper and snuffled his way through it like a pig hunting truffles -- nothing . 
 watched intently by lil , he repeated the process before tossing it away in disgust . 
 ` i take it you did n't find what you were looking for ? 
 lil folded her arms and tilted her head to one side . 
 ` nope . ' 
 ` look on the bright side , darlin ' . 
 no news is good news . ' 
 ` yeah , i suppose ... what about the car ? 
 when are -- ' ` what car ? ' 
 ` already ? ' 
 ` see for yourself . ' 
 foxy eased himself out of bed , padded over to the window and looked down into the yard . 
 about the size of a couple of tennis courts , it was crammed full of unrecognizable chunks of metal , though there was something familiar about a set of headlamps perched on a bench , but other than that all trace of the riley had vanished . 
 ` blimey , lil , that was quick . ' 
 ` my boys finished taking that car apart before you 'd awoken from your beauty sleep . ' 
 ` heh-heh , that 's my girl . 
 what would i do without you ? ' 
 ` what you always do , darlin ' : a bit of stuff about twenty years younger . ' 
 ` but i always come back to mama ... ' the newsagent 's white walrus moustache was stained yellow . 
 one elbow resting on the counter , he puffed away at his pipe , sending vast clouds of smoke in the air . 
 when foxy asked for a copy of every daily newspaper except the news chronicle he did n't bat an eye . 
 laying down his pipe , he collected them together and took foxy 's proffered half crown . 
 ` are you trying to pick a winner , guv ? ' 
 he asked , as he handed him his change . 
 ` nah ... ' ` keeping up with the international situation , are you then ? ' 
 ` yeah , i s ' pose you could say that ... ' ` you 'll have a good read then . 
 the papers are full of it . 
 they keep saying that hitler wants peace , but i do n't believe it . 
 you mark my words , there 's another war coming and it 'll be worse than the last one . 
 that 's why i always keep this handy . ' 
 he rummaged around under the counter and produced a gas mask . 
 ` i was on the somme ; i know what gas can do to a man , nasty stuff gas . 
 i never go anywhere without it . 
 have you got yours ? ' 
 ` er , yeah , i think it 's at home somewhere . ' 
 foxy gathered up his newspapers and began to beat a hasty retreat . 
 ` but thanks for the advice . 
 i 'll bear it in mind . ' 
 he exited the shop , leaving the old soldier standing to attention behind the counter , holding his gas mask . 
 once outside , foxy made straight for the nearest pub . 
 the place turned out to be almost empty , just a couple of old men playing dominos while a few bored bluebottles buzzed round and round in aimless circles . 
 the full bosomed barmaid took his order with barely a glance . 
 foxy twitched with impatience as she took an eternity to pump out a pint of mann 's best bitter . 
 having paid for his beer , he located a seat in the most remote corner of the pub before setting about his task . 
 there was nothing in the mail , herald or express . 
 desperation was starting to set in when he turned to the daily mirror . 
 it was there that he found what he was looking for on page five . 
 a photograph of a grinning pc george robinson and the headline : the keystone crooks brave bobby fools bungling bank robber two men that had carried out a brutal armed bank robbery were escaping with their ill gotten gains when they were confronted by pc george robinson , a decorated war hero . 
 at the sight of the gallant officer of the law , the robber who was carrying the bag of money panicked and dropped it . 
 according to pc robinson , when the masked robber fired a gun at him , he pretended to be shot and deliberately fell on the bag of money , forcing the villains to flee empty handed . 
 whilst nobody in any way disputes his version of the events , in spite of a thorough search , the police have been unable to recover a single bullet from the scene . 
 chapter 6 ` it was fox . 
 this case has his grubby paw marks all over it . 
 nobody else in the business could drive like that . ' 
 detective inspector hawker of the flying squad applied another match to his pipe , leaned back in his chair , plonked his feet up on the desk , stuck his thumbs in his waistcoat pocket and puffed away furiously . 
 ` fox , sir , i do n't think the name rings a bell . ' 
 detective sergeant brightwell fumbled with a packet of woodbines . 
 young , keen and recently posted to the flying squad , he was eager to make an impression . 
 ` it was before your time , sergeant . 
 fredrick cuthbert fox , he 's been retired for nearly five years , or so my informants tell me . ' 
 hawker waved his pipe -- it was a standing joke in scotland yard that he was an avid fan of sherlock holmes . 
 ` when did you last nick him ? ' 
 ` i 've never managed to , and nor has anybody else . 
 i 've felt his collar a few times but could never get anything to stick . 
 he 's a slippery character , is our fox , though i 'm dammed sure that if the crafty blighter had n't retired i 'd have nabbed him sooner or later . 
 i 'd just love to pin this one on him . ' 
 ` i must say , sir , the robbery did n't exactly have the hallmark of a high class operation . 
 the whole thing struck me as being a bit amateurish . ' 
 having managed to extract a cigarette , brightwell lit it . 
 ` yes , that 's what 's been puzzling me . 
 which ever way you look at it , it 's not the run-of-the-mill bank robbery : small suburban bank , incompetent robbers but top rate driver . ' 
 ` is it possible , sir , the hertfordshire police have exaggerated the driver 's abilities in order to cover up their own incompetence ? ' 
 ` i doubt it . 
 that bunch of farm boys would never have the imagination to dream up the escape by reversing at high speed ploy . 
 that 's got fox 's moniker all over it . 
 i can almost smell the blighter . ' 
 ` what about the other two , sir , any idea who they are ? ' 
 ` not the foggiest -- and , odder still , not even a whisper . ' 
 ` nothing from the snouts ? ' 
 ` tried them all , not a single informer is talking . ' 
 ` did you lean on them ? ' 
 ` i most certainly did , but i got the distinct impression that someone else was leaning on them from the opposite side . ' 
 ` i do n't quite follow , sir . ' 
 ` it all adds up , brightwell , whoever the other two were they have to be connected to somebody high up in the criminal fraternity , somebody big enough to frighten off the snouts and influential enough to coax fox out of retirement . ' 
 ` any idea who , sir ? ' 
 ` i could make an educated guess , but knowing is one thing , proving it , another . 
 come on , brightwell , grab your hat . 
 we 're going to pay a little visit to an old friend of mine . ' 
 ` mr big , sir ? ' 
 ` no , mr slippery . 
 have you ever been to walthamstow , brightwell ? ' 
 ` i ca n't say i have , sir . ' 
 ` well , now 's your chance , come on ... ' the platform of southend central station was crowded with day-trippers : children clutching buckets and spades , old men in shirtsleeves and waistcoat , young men in sports jackets and plump ladies with hats labelled kiss me quick perched on their heads , all heading homeward after a glorious day at the seaside . 
 in his well pressed , brown striped , double breasted suit and hat set at a rakish angle , foxy presented a sharp contrast to the crowd . 
 he 'd taken the precaution of purchasing a first class ticket and stood well back from the hoi polloi . 
 when the train finally squealed to a halt in a cloud of steam the mob parted miraculously , leaving the way to the first class section clear as they all clamoured around third class . 
 having located an empty compartment , foxy settled himself comfortably into the plush seat , pulled out a silver cigarette case and extracted a cigarette . 
 when the guard blew his whistle , there was a soft chugging sound as the train began to ease itself out of the station . 
 once under way , he relaxed . 
 things were looking up : they ca n't hang him and , with a little bit of luck , hitler will finally stop pissing about , start a war and give the police something else to worry about . 
 when he alighted at walthamstow , dusk was creeping in . 
 once out of the station he set off at a brisk pace , threading his way through the side streets . 
 on reaching his destination , he noted an unfamiliar car parked outside the terraced house . 
 ` ah , fox , just the man i 'm looking for . ' 
 a familiar bowler hatted figure stepped out of the car . 
 ` are n't you going to invite us in ? ' 
 ` sorry , inspector , my dad does n't like me bringing back strange men . ' 
 foxy adopted an expression of wide eyed innocence . 
 ` if i recall correctly , you do not live with your father . 
 you are the sole tenant of this establishment . ' 
 ` yeah , but still ... ' ` alternately , ' hawker jutted his chin forward as his companion moved round behind foxy , ` i could ask you to accompany myself and detective sergeant brightwell to the local police station in order to assist us with our enquires . ' 
 ` what enquires ? ' 
 foxy ignored brightwell 's breath on the back of his neck . 
 ` do n't you read the papers ? ' 
 ` nah , they 're full of rubbish about hitler . ' 
 foxy stroked his moustache . 
 ` i am investigating an armed robbery . ' 
 hawker resumed a pompous pose and waved his pipe . 
 ` bollocks ! 
 do i look like an armed robber ? 
 i 'm a respectable businessman . ' 
 ` i am not too sure about the respectable . 
 where were you at two-fifteen yesterday afternoon ? ' 
 ` with a lady friend . ' 
 ` in the afternoon ? ' 
 ` only time we can fit it in : when her old man 's at work . ' 
 ` will she vouch for this ? ' 
 ` do n't talk daft . 
 he 'd beat the shit out of her . ' 
 ` so , you have nobody who can vouch for your whereabouts ? ' 
 ` if i 'd done a robbery , i 'd 've made bloody sure i had an alibi . 
 what was it , a jeweller 's ? ' 
 ` no , a bank . ' 
 ` phewee , sounds classy . 
 how much did they get away with ? ' 
 ` nothing , not a penny . ' 
 ` must 've been a bunch of amateurs , probably kids trying it on . ' 
 ` the driver was a real professional . 
 you used to be an ace driver , did n't you , fox ? ' 
 ` kind of you to say so , inspector ... ' ` i 'll bet there 's nobody as good as you ? ' 
 ` as the actress said to the bishop ... ' ` do n't get too clever . ' 
 ` as the art mistress said to the gardener ... ' ` watch it , fox ! ' 
 ` like i said , inspector , i can not assist you with your enquires , ' foxy took a step backwards onto brightwell 's toes , ` and i can not invite you in . ' 
 hawker clamped his pipe firmly back in his mouth , and growled , ` come on , brightwell . 
 we 're wasting our time here . 
 you can drive . ' 
 he climbed into his seat , closed the door and wound down the window . 
 ` if you do have any information , fox ... ' ` i wo n't hesitate to get in touch with you , inspector . ' 
 ` i 'm sure you will ... oh , by the way , i forgot to mention it , you had a visitor ... ' ` a lady ? ' 
 ` no , it was alfred peck . 
 i did n't know he was a friend of yours . ' 
 ` he ai n't . ' 
 ` then , why would he be calling on you ? ' 
 ` dunno , maybe he wanted to borrow a cup of sugar . 
 why did n't you ask him ? ' 
 ` is n't he a nephew of sid weston ? ' 
 ` that 's sid 's problem , not mine . ' 
 ` how well do you know weston ? ' 
 ` i 've done business with him . ' 
 ` have you done business with peck ? ' 
 ` do me a favour , inspector , piss off . ' 
 tut tut , temper temper , i do believe that i have touched a sensitive spot . ' 
 a grinning hawker wound up the window as the car pulled away . 
 silently cursing that idiot alfie , foxy waited for the car to disappear before he opened the gate . 
 he was about to close it when a firm hand stopped him . 
 ` ' ello , foxy , enjoy your cosy little chat with the sweeney ? ' 
 the lapels of the double-breasted suit were turned up and the hat pulled down low , but foxy had no trouble recognizing sid weston 's number one enforcer , slasher thompson -- so named on account of his expertise with a cut-throat razor . 
 ` blimey , slasher , you scared the shits out of me . 
 where the hell did you come from ? 
 it was bad enough having the rozzers loitering on the doorstep without you sneaking up like that . 
 i hope the pricks did n't clock you . ' 
 ` nah , spotted ’em a mile away . 
 i 've been in the shrubbery of that empty house up the street , keeping an eye on ’em . 
 they 've been sitting there for over an hour , probably wanking each other off . ' 
 ` you need a cock to do that , and i ai n't too sure hawker 's got one . 
 anyhow , what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` sid asked me to nip over and see if you got back okay . ' 
 ` very considerate of him . 
 you can reassure sid i got back safe and sound . ' 
 ` what about the car ? ' 
 ` vanished into thin air . ' 
 ` good , i 'll tell sid . ' 
 ` anything else ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 sid 's wants to know if you can meet him in benny 's gym tomorrow . ' 
 ` what time ? ' 
 ` about three o’clock . ' 
 ` tell him i 'll be there . ' 
 chapter 7 benny 's gym smelt of carbolic , sweat and sawdust . 
 situated inside an old warehouse in a back street in hoxton , it was dominated by the boxing ring . 
 in it , two small boys were slugging it out watched by sid and a handful of others . 
 foxy recognised benny and slasher thompson , but of the rest of the cauliflower eared , broken nosed brigade the only one he could name was lefty muldoon , another of sid 's enforcers , though there was something familiar about the grizzle haired referee . 
 sharply dressed in a three piece suit , a red carnation in the buttonhole , sid was puffing away at a havana cigar . 
 born into a poverty stricken household in canning town , he 'd been blessed with two advantages : he was big and he had brains . 
 having built up a bit of capital by robbing a bank , he invested the proceeds in a pub and pool hall . 
 when one of the local heavies had the audacity to ask for protection money the man simply disappeared -- and sid took over his territory . 
 the number of disappearances increased as sid expanded his empire , the task being simplified by the construction of the southend arterial road , a twenty mile length of concrete stretching from romford to southend . 
 keeping in the shadow of the doorway , foxy took in the surreal scene . 
 it was a moment before he realised that there something unusual about the boys : they were identical twins . 
 as he watched , the two traded blow for blow with a skill that belied their years , egged on by sid who was shouting encouragement and waving his cigar . 
 finally , the referee declared it a draw , everyone applauded loudly and sid presented each of the boys with a one pound note . 
 spotting foxy standing in the doorway , he marched over to him and slapped him on the back . 
 the smile was warm and friendly but the eyes , cold and alert as he shook foxy 's hand . 
 ` glad you could make it , foxy . 
 you just missed a bloody good fight . ' 
 ` er , yeah , i caught the last bit . ' 
 ` great little fighters ai n't they , a real chip off the old block ? ' 
 ` old block ? ' 
 ` jimmy lee 's grandsons : ronnie and reggie kray . ' 
 ` jimmy lee ? 
 oh yeah , of course . 
 i thought i recognised the ref : cannonball lee , he was a bloody good in his day . ' 
 foxy ignored the smile and tried to read sid 's eyes . 
 ` anyhow , you did n't get me here to watch a couple of small boys beating each other up . 
 if you 're expecting me to do any more favours for alfie you can forget it . ' 
 sid 's smile vanished and the eyes hardened . 
 ` yeah , you can pick your mates but you 're stuck with your family . 
 i never thought the berk would be daft enough to chuck the money away . ' 
 ` and i 'd never thought the prat would be thick enough to come banging on my front door when the sweeny were parked outside . ' 
 ` bollocks , i did n't know about that ! 
 what did he want ? ' 
 ` dunno . 
 i was n't there when he called . 
 it was that that prick , hawker , who told me . ' 
 ` yeah , i heard the creep was hanging about , but i did n't know he 'd clocked alfie . ' 
 ` and alfie did n't know he 'd been clocked . ' 
 ` yeah , well , like i said , he 's family and i 'm lumbered with him . ' 
 ` and you 're bloody well welcome to him ... but if you did n't get me here for that why did you ? ' 
 ` look , foxy , i reckon i owe you one for looking after alfie . 
 i got a full report from jack . ' 
 ` jack 's a real pro : knows how to handle himself , stays calm . 
 he should n't be wasting his time hanging around with a twat like alfie . ' 
 ` do n't worry , he wo n't be . 
 the firm 's expanding , and i can use a good bloke like him . 
 he 'll be working with slasher . ' 
 ` heh-heh , they 'll make a good team . 
 they can sharpen each others razors . ' 
 ` jesus , do n't you ever give up on the comedy routine ? ' 
 ` nah , it 's being cheerful what keeps me going . 
 let 's face it , i spent gawd knows how much time nicking a couple of cars for a robbery that paid bugger all , almost got a formal introduction to the hangman , was chased halfway across hertfordshire by the woodentops , and now i 've got the sweeny up my arse . 
 about the only bright spot on the horizon is that there 's a war coming -- blimey , if i did n't laugh i 'd cry . ' 
 ` well , do n't cry , i 'm going to do you a favour . ' 
 ` oh yeah , ' foxy eyed him suspiciously , ` what sort of favour ? ' 
 ` a lorry load of radios -- five bob a piece . ' 
 ` five bob each ... ' foxy licked his lips ; then sighed and shook his head . 
 ` sorry , sid , but thanks to that nephew of yours i 'm a bit short of the readies at the moment . 
 shame though ... ' ` do n't worry , foxy , no rush , you can pay me later . ' 
 ` erm , thanks ... so where are these radios then ? ' 
 ` they 're still in the factory . 
 i 've got a little arrangement with the lorry driver . ' 
 sid tapped his nose . 
 ` he 's going to stop off for the night at a transport caff on the great north road , and the place ai n't got a phone . 
 so , when he finds his lorry 's gone , it 'll take him ages to report it . 
 by which time -- ' ` hold it , hold it ! 
 if you want me to do another driving job , you can bloody well forget it . ' 
 ` relax , foxy , i would n't expect a getaway man to drive a lorry , anymore than i 'd send slasher round to beat somebody up . 
 you do n't send a skilled man to do a workman 's job , and slasher 's a real craftsman with a razor , just like you 're a specialist in your game . ' 
 ` er , yeah ... thanks for the compliment , ' mumbled foxy , unsure of the comparison . 
 ` when can i expect delivery ? ' 
 ` should be next monday , is that okay with you ? ' 
 ` yeah , sure . ' 
 ` right , it 's a deal then . ' 
 sid extended his hand . 
 ` i 'm relying on you . 
 it 's got to go like clockwork . 
 i want that van unloaded and abandoned before the coppers have even heard it 's gone missing . ' 
 ` do n't worry , mate , ' foxy shook the hand , ` when it comes to shifting dodgy gear , nobody can move as fast as old foxy . ' 
 ` yeah , ' sid winked , ` i heard you was a fast worker . ' 
 ` do n't tell me ; let me guess . 
 a little bird told you ... ' foxy smoothed his pencil moustache . 
 ` just so long as it ai n't one of mine ... ' sid 's smile remained fixed , but the eyes hardened . 
 ` do n't worry , mate , i heard what happened to that dago who fancied himself . 
 they say he ai n't been near a mirror since . ' 
 foxy 's voice remained calm but it had a slight edge . 
 ` yeah , lovely bit of workmanship that was . ' 
 sid smiled like a friendly shark . 
 ` slasher 's a real artist ... ' ` like picasso . ' 
 ` picasso ? 
 is he an artist ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 he specialises in pictures of people with their faces messed up . ' 
 ` sounds like my kind of boy . ' 
 sid waved his cigar . 
 ` what are you doing tonight ? ' 
 ` nothing special . 
 why ? ' 
 ` i 'm having a little celebration . ' 
 ` what 's the occasion ? ' 
 ` an anniversary , me and josie have been together a year . ' 
 ` congratulations . ' 
 foxy stroked his moustache thoughtfully . 
 ` she 's a lovely girl . 
 twelve months ; does n't time fly ; seems like only yesterday ... ' benjamin 's banqueting rooms were situated on the mile end road . 
 the proprietor , solly benjamin , had very kindly laid on the evening for sid -lrb- people were always being kind to sid -rrb- . 
 as the assembled company waited for the guest of honour to put on an appearance , a small band played a foxtrot while a crooner in a white jacket sang smoke gets in your eyes . 
 foxy checked out the scene ... hmm , nothing fresh womenwise : a handful of tarts and a few of my old sleeping partners . 
 if the worst comes to the worst , maybe one of ’em will oblige me for the night . 
 who else is here ? 
 oh my gawd , look what 's coming my way ... ` wotcher , foxy . ' 
 ` evening , alfie . 
 i see you managed to find your way home . 
 are you on duty as a waiter tonight ? ' 
 ` nah , course not . 
 what made you think so ? ' 
 ` you 're wearing a dinner jacket and black tie . ' 
 ` well , it 's a formal occasion ai n't it . ' 
 ` yeah , i s ' pose you could call it that . ' 
 ` the happy couple ... ' ` yeah , sid 's a lucky man . ' 
 ` nice bit of stuff , josie ... ' alfie leered . 
 ` i do n't reckon sid would like to hear you calling her that . ' 
 ` come off it , foxy . 
 do n't tell me you ai n't noticed . ' 
 ` noticing one thing , talking like that about someone 's old lady is another -- as you will learn when you grow up . ' 
 ` stuff you , foxy ! 
 just cos that copper fucked up my bank job , it do n't mean i have to take shit from you . ' 
 ` if you do n't want shit from me , do n't come round knocking on my door when the sweeny are parked outside . ' 
 ` how was i supposed to know they was the sweeny ? ' 
 ` if you ca n't spot a couple of coppers half a mile away , you 'd better hang on to that outfit you 're wearing , cos you 're gon na have a great future waiting tables . ' 
 ` i wo n't have to , not after my next job . ' 
 ` about time you got a job ... ' ` it 's a bank job . ' 
 ` i ca n't see you working in a bank . 
 you 've got to be able to add up and know your multiplication tables ... ' ` ha-ha , very funny , i meant a bank robbery . ' 
 ` blimey , you 're a right little glutton for punishment ai n't you . 
 well just make sure you do n't have winkles for breakfast this time , though to be on the safe side you 'd better wear a nappy . ' 
 alfie ignored the provocation and struck a defiant pose . 
 ` jack 's already agreed . ' 
 ` pull the other one . 
 it 's got bells on it . ' 
 ` if you do n't believe me ask him . ' 
 ` i will , next time i ... hello what 's going on ? ' 
 the band struck up here comes the bride , and sid swaggered into the room like a heavyweight champion entering the ring . 
 josie was on his arm . 
 her shimmering white dress clung to her body , emphasising every curve , while the dark tresses of her hair contrasted with the creamy skin of her shoulders . 
 instinctively , foxy licked his lips . 
 he was about to smooth his moustache when he became aware that alfie was watching him intently ... when the band had finished playing , solly grabbed the mike . 
 plump and balding , he sweated profusely as he made the announcement . 
 ` ladies and gentlemen , it gives me great pleasure to welcome the guests of honour , mr sidney weston and his bride-to-be miss josephine hopkins . ' 
 moving swiftly , foxy was at the head of the crowd that pressed forward . 
 grasping sid 's hand and pumping it up and down , he yelled , ` well done , mate ; i did n't know you had it in you . 
 permission to kiss the bride ? ' 
 ` yeah , but make sure you keep your hands behind your back . ' 
 sid 's tone was jocular and his smile , friendly , but his eyes remained cold and alert . 
 chapter 8 on the first day of the following week sid sent the word , and foxy swung into action . 
 his lock up was situated at the back of a large rambling house on the edge of the hackney marshes . 
 to ensure that it could not be traced back to him he rented it through an intermediary from the elderly gentlewoman who owned the house . 
 the day had been a hot one , and the cool of the night brought the mist rolling in gently across the marshes . 
 clutching a darkened lantern , foxy stood in the shadows nervously smoking a cigarette . 
 when he heard the faint distant sound of an engine , he dogged out his fag and waited . 
 as the truck approached it flashed its light . 
 uncloaking the lantern , foxy waved it in reply and opened the doors of the lock up . 
 when the truck crept to a halt , the passenger door opened and billy mcconnell leaped out . 
 in his early twenties and built like whippet , he had a ferret 's face and nervous eyes that darted about in the gloom . 
 ` wotcher , foxy , glad to see yer . 
 the sooner we shift this lot and get the hell out of here the better . 
 i 've got old ned driving ; he 's getting to old for this sort of caper ; he 's a bag of nerves . ' 
 ` so , why did he take the job ? ' 
 ` sid asked for a favour . ' 
 ` ah yeah of course , sid has a habit of doing that , probably why he sent you along to keep an eye on him . 
 from what i hear you 're on the way up in the firm . ' 
 ` not much bloody longer . ' 
 the tone was bitter . 
 ` why , what happened ? ' 
 ` i 've got me bleeding call up papers : got ter report for the army . ' 
 ` blimey , that 's a turn up for the books . 
 ` yeah , well let 's get shifting this stuff . ' 
 as billy rolled up his sleeves , ned shuffled up . 
 he was coughing , wheezing and moaning . 
 ` a light just went on in the house , ' he whined , ` let 's get out of here . ' 
 ` do n't worry , mate , ' hissed foxy . 
 ` the old girl usually gets up for a pee around this time . 
 she 's as deaf as a coot and her eyesight ai n't that good either , so relax . ' 
 ned may have been old and wheezy but he could move fast when he had an incentive -- and getting the hell out of here was the best . 
 the operation took less than ten minutes , and before the last of the cartons had cleared the tailboard ned was back behind the wheel . 
 he did n't even wait for billy , who had to jump onto the running board of the moving vehicle . 
 foxy wasted no time in locking up and following them . 
 not much happened for the rest of the week , apart from hitler invading poland . 
 on sunday , britain and france declared war on germany . 
 but just when things were looking up , trouble struck in the form of alfie peck . 
 he ran foxy to ground in the baker 's arms . 
 ` oh my gawd , look what the wind 's blown in , ' groaned foxy , when he caught sight of alfie 's reflection in the giant mirror behind the bar . 
 ` wotcher , foxy , i thought i might find you here . 
 what can i get yer ? ' 
 ` no thanks , i 've just got one . ' 
 foxy eyed him uneasily . 
 ` so what 're you after then ? 
 you did n't come sneaking up behind me just to buy me a drink . ' 
 ` you sure you ai n't going ter let me get you something ? ' 
 ` bloody sure . 
 what do you want ? ' 
 ` i 'm gon na do you a favour and -- ' ` piss off ! 
 i 'm still recovering financially from the last bloody favour you did me . ' 
 ` that 's why i 'm going to help you out . ' 
 ` i need your help like a one-legged man needs an amputation . ' 
 ` hah hah , i always did like your sense of humour . ' 
 ` i was n't being funny ... ' ` come on , foxy , we 're mates . ' 
 ` are we ? ' 
 ` course we are . 
 that 's why i want you drive on my next job . ' 
 ` get stuffed . ' 
 ` it 's a piece of cake . 
 a little bank that -- ' ` ai n't you heard there 's a war on ? ' 
 ` course i have . 
 did n't hitler invade some country or other ? ' 
 ` it was poland . ' 
 ` was it ? 
 where 's that , then ? ' 
 ` in eastern europe . ' 
 ` yeah , well i did n't go to grammar school , did i ? 
 but what 's all that shit about the war got to do with my bank job ? ' 
 ` i thought you might want to join the army and do your bit for king and country . ' 
 ` stuff that ! 
 do i look that stupid ? ' 
 ` are you sure you want me to answer that question ? ' 
 a brief scowl flickered across alfie 's face , before vanishing . 
 ` come on , foxy , ' he wheedled , ` think of the money . ' 
 ` i 'm thinking of the hangman ... ' ` bollocks ! ' 
 alfie 's acne flushed . 
 ` i did n't kill that copper , did i ? 
 it was a misunderstanding . ' 
 ` you can say that again . ' 
 ` i heard you was a bit short of the readies ... ' ` yeah ? 
 well you been hearing wrong , ai n't you ? ' 
 ` mmm , yes of course , i was forgetting about that lorry load of radios you got stashed away . ' 
 alfie grinned and his little eyes glinted with malice . 
 foxy eyed him uneasily before silently finishing his drink . 
 then , placing his hat firmly on his head , he stalked out of the pub without another word -- though he failed to wipe the smirk off alfie 's face . 
 in another pub on the other side of town , detective inspector hawker downed another pint . 
 his face was flushed , and he leered at the barmaid as he handed her the empty glass . 
 ` come on , drink up , brightwell . 
 have another one . ' 
 ` i 'd rather not , sir , if you do n't mind . ' 
 ` humph , you 'd have not lasted long in france . ' 
 ` er , yes , it must have been tough in the trenches . ' 
 ` trenches , perish the thought , i kept well away from the trenches . ' 
 ` really , sir ... ' brightwell raised one of his eyebrows . 
 ` yep , ' hawker smacked his lips and winked at the barmaid as she handed him his pint , ` i was in the military police . 
 our job was to round up deserters . ' 
 ` what did you do with them , sir ? ' 
 ` if they were lucky , they were shot ... ' ` and the ones that were not lucky ? ' 
 ` oh them ... heh-heh ... we sent them back to the trenches . 
 take my advice , brightwell , if you do decide to do your bit in the present conflict , join the military police . ' 
 ` i see , sir ... ' brightwell shuffled his feet uneasily and tried to change the subject . 
 ` what were you just saying about fredrick fox , sir ? ' 
 ` fox ? 
 ah yes , our slippery friend the fox . ' 
 hawker dragged his attention away from the barmaid 's cleavage . 
 i 've had a whisper from one of my snouts that peck has another bank robbery planned . ' 
 ` are you sure your source is reliable , sir ? ' 
 ` impeccable : i even know which bank . ' 
 ` but he 's sid weston 's nephew . 
 surely no informer would dare ... ' ` i get the distinct impression that mr weston would be happy to see the back of his sister 's son -- like i said , ' hawker winked , ` my source is impeccable . ' 
 ` i see , sir , but what about fox , do think he will be involved ? ' 
 ` i 'm hoping that little alfie will be able to use his persuasive charms ... ' ` please , foxy , please ... yes , foxy , yes ... ah ah , ... ooh ooh ooh ... ah ah ah ... yes-yes-yes ... oh yes !!! ' 
 ` phew ... ' kitty lay back on the brass bed as foxy slid off her and began to cover her body with kisses . 
 in her mid twenties , she was married to a middle-aged travelling salesman who 's lack of interest in the more intimate side of marriage had created a void in kitty -- a void that foxy was happy to fill . 
 afterplay over , he lit a couple of cigarettes and passed one to her , asking , ` how long 's the old man away for this time ? ' 
 ` he 's gone up north ; wo n't be back ’til friday ; said it was his patriotic duty to help the war effort . ' 
 ` what 's he selling ? ' 
 ` corsets . ' 
 ` blimey , that really will help the war effort . 
 once all the women in england are equipped with corsets old adolf wo n't stand a chance . ' 
 ` silly bugger . ' 
 she gave him a dig in the ribs . 
 ` do you know what that word really means ? ' 
 ` um ... no ... ' he leant over and whispered in her ear . 
 ` oh ... ' her eyes widened . 
 ` so ? ' 
 ` so , what ? ' 
 ` so how about it ? ' 
 ` oh no you do n't , ' she giggled , leaping out of bed . 
 ` you do n't know what you 're missing ’til you try it , ' he laughed . 
 ` and if you wo n't do that , then at least you could make me a nice cup of tea , cos i 'm gasping for -- ' ` yap yap yap ... yap yap yap ... ' ` what 's up with that bloody poodle of yours ? ' 
 ` mind your language , foxy . 
 mitzi 's a jolly good watchdog . 
 she must have heard something . 
 i 'd better pop down and find out what 's upset her . ' 
 kitty reached for her dressing gown . 
 ` i hope it 's not your old man . ' 
 ` i should n't think so . 
 she never barks at people she knows . 
 it 's probably a cat . ' 
 when she reappeared , foxy had just finished knotting his tie and was almost dressed . 
 she had a worried expression on her face . 
 ` foxy , love , i do n't want to sound like a nervous schoolgirl , but i think there 's someone hiding in the shrubbery in the back garden . ' 
 ` blimey , i hope it ai n't one of them german paratroopers . ' 
 ` i should be so lucky -- but i wish you 'd just take a quick look . 
 it could be a burglar . ' 
 in the kitchen , mitzi greeted him with a yelp , then trotted over to the door leading to the garden and gave another yelp . 
 ` you see , she 's trying to tell us something , ' said kitty . 
 ` maybe she just wants a wee-wee . ' 
 ` i do n't think so . ' 
 ` well there 's only one way to find out . ' 
 foxy gave a reluctant shrug . 
 ` could i borrow your rolling pin ? ' 
 ` here . ' 
 ` thanks . ' 
 with kitty watching , he strode purposefully into the garden . 
 dusk was creeping in , and the smell of damp earth wafted into his nostrils . 
 mitzi trotted at his heels until he was halfway to the end of the garden . 
 then she dashed up to the rhododendron bushes , yapped twice and ran back . 
 ` all right , ' shouted foxy , waving the rolling pin , ` if you do n't come out at once , i 'm going to come in there and beat the shit out of you ! ' 
 there was a slight rustling but nothing else . 
 ` i 'm going to count to ten , and if you do n't -- blimey , it 's you ! ' 
 the leaves parted and alfie peck emerged . 
 ` wotcher , foxy . ' 
 ` never mind that , what the fuck are you doing here ? ' 
 ` i wanted to talk business . ' 
 alfie brushed a couple of leaves off his jacket . 
 ` do you always do your business in the bushes ? ' 
 ` course not . 
 it 's just that -- ' ` and if you 're going to start rabbiting on about that bloody bank job , forget it . ' 
 ` in my humble opinion you should reconsider my proposition . ' 
 alfie did his best to sound pompous . 
 ` i know you 've got plenty to be humble about , but what makes you think i 'd be daft enough to reconsider ? ' 
 ` well , what about her ? ' 
 alfie motioned toward kitty who was standing in the kitchen doorway . 
 ` what d’you mean ? 
 what 's she got to do with your one-man crime wave ? 
 do you need someone to make the tea while you 're robbing a bank ? ' 
 ` what if her old man finds out you 've been banging her ? ' 
 ` and who 's going to tell him ? ' 
 ` you never know ... ' alfie smirked . 
 ` blimey , alfie , this really takes the biscuit . 
 i always knew you were a scumbag and a piece of shit , but i never thought of you as a blackmailer , the lowest form of animal life . ' 
 ` it ai n't blackmail , ' alfie sniffed . 
 ` it 's a negotiating stance . ' 
 ` blimey , who taught you that one ? 
 i bet you do n't even know what it means . ' 
 ` course i do , ' alfie mumbled . 
 ` anyhow , you 're welcome to tell her husband : he wo n't give a toss . 
 but write him a letter , cos i would n't recommend that you tell him in person . ' 
 ` why 's that ? ' 
 ` cos he 's into small boys , and you being a small boy he might want to show his gratitude . ' 
 ` oh ... ' ` and now , piss off . 
 cos if you do n't i 'm gon na take this rolling pin and shove where you 'll get a foretaste of what her old man would like to do to you . ' 
 chapter 9 the war continued at a steady pace . 
 the germans pushed on into poland from the west , and the russians attacked from the east -- but foxy had other things on his mind . 
 ` come on , pete , they 've got to be worth fifteen bob a piece . 
 they can pick up medium wave , long wave and short wave . 
 lovely bit of furniture too . 
 once the war gets under way you 'll have no trouble getting more than couple of quid each for ’em . ' 
 ` the war 's over , foxy . 
 i 'll offer you seven shillings . ' 
 ` wad ' yah mean , over ? 
 it 's only just started . ' 
 ` do n't you read the papers ? ' 
 ` nah , never get the time . ' 
 ` the russians have joined in the war on the german side , poland 's done for and now hitler says he wants to make peace with us and the frogs . ' 
 ` blimey , you ca n't rely on anyone these days . 
 all right , i 'll make it twelve and six . ' 
 ` nine shillings , take it or leave it ... ' ` ten bob if you take a dozen . ' 
 ` done ! ' 
 ` where have you got them stashed away ? ' 
 ` come off it , mate , you do n't expect me to tell you that . ' 
 ` i just hope it 's not some lock up in hackney . ' 
 ` er , why d’you ask ? ' 
 foxy 's tone remained casual but a butterfly fluttered in his stomach . 
 ` because there was something about it in tonight 's paper ... where is it ... ah here we are . 
 now let 's see ... yes , i thought so . 
 here it is : `` after receiving an anonymous tip off , the police raided a lock up in pierpoint street and discovered a cache of stolen radios . '' 
 it seems they 're now trying to trace the person who rented ... christ , foxy , you 've gone white ! 
 can i get you a drink ? ' 
 foxy sat in the billiard hall that served as the headquarters of the firm . 
 he was awaiting an audience with sid . 
 it was ten o’clock in the morning and the place was deserted . 
 unable to sit any more , he began to pace up and down among the green baize tables , pondering his dilemma ... let 's face it foxy , you 're well and truly in it , up the creek without a paddle . 
 and what 's more , you know the name of the piece of shit that dropped you in it but you ca n't prove it . 
 meantime , you owe sid a couple of hundred quid , enough to buy a house , and sid ai n't exactly known for his generosity ... oops , here he comes . 
 ` sorry to keep you waiting , foxy . ' 
 sid strolled up to him with an outstretched hand . 
 as foxy shook his hand he scrutinised the face : friendly enough , though the eyes as usual were hard . 
 ` i can guess why you 're here , ' sid continued . 
 ` i heard all about it . 
 any idea who grassed you up ? ' 
 ` i could make a guess . ' 
 ` hmm ... ' sid looked thoughtful ; then adopted a sincere expression . 
 ` i ca n't let off the hook , foxy , business is business . 
 how much time do you need to pay ? ' 
 ` depends ... if the worst comes to the worst , i could always take up alfie 's offer . ' 
 sid looked at him sharply . 
 ` i did n't know the berk was trying to rope you in on his latest fiasco . ' 
 ` has been since the night of your engagement party ... by the way , how 's josie keeping ? ' 
 ` she 's fine ; sends her regards . 
 you 're invited to the wedding . 
 we 're bringing the date forwards on account of the war . ' 
 ` ta for the invite . 
 what would you like for a wedding present , a radio ? ' 
 ` hah-hah , nice one , glad to see you ai n't lost your sense of humour . ' 
 sid laid a hand on his shoulder . 
 ` i like you , foxy ; josie likes you ; we both like you . 
 take a bit of advice from me , do n't do another job with that nephew of mine , just do n't , okay ? ' 
 ` yeah , but what about the money ? ' 
 ` hmm , tell you what , just leave it for the time being . 
 do n't worry about it . ' 
 ` is there a catch ? ' 
 sid grinned . 
 ` you know me , foxy , of course there 's a catch . ' 
 he patted him on the back . 
 ` you owe me a favour . 
 next time i need a driver , you drive . 
 no questions asked , okay . ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 ` shake . ' 
 sid extended his hand . 
 they shook ... alfie was waiting outside the hall . 
 ` wotcher , foxy . ' 
 ` piss off ! ' 
 ` i heard about your bit of bad luck . ' 
 ` i bet you did . ' 
 ` and i want to help ... ' ` i can believe that . ' 
 ` you can have half the take . ' 
 ` i 'll tell you what , you little toe rag , ' foxy grabbed him by the collar and twisted it until his face turned red , ` why do n't you keep a hundred per cent for yourself , cos i would n't touch any job of yours with a bloody bargepole . ' 
 when he finally released alfie , he was gasping for breath and whining , ` you 'll be sorry ... you 'll be sorry ... ' ` will i ? ' 
 ` what about the money you owe sid ? ' 
 alfie recovered his composure . 
 ` well , what about it ? ' 
 ` how 're you going ter pay it . ' 
 ` sid and me have come to an arrangement . 
 sid 's a good mate . ' 
 ` is he ? 
 there was a malevolent glint in alfie 's eyes . 
 ` are you sure about that ? ' 
 ` yes i bloody well am . 
 so , piss off ! ' 
 four days later the telegram arrived . 
 it was terse and to the point : meet me back row odeon three thirty tomorrow urgent . 
 it did n't say which odeon cinema . 
 it did n't have to . 
 foxy knew . 
 next day he set off bright and early , taking the train to saint pancras . 
 once there , he took the circle line underground train to tower hill . 
 he wandered down to the tower of london and spent a bit of time sitting on a bench in the shadow of tower bridge . 
 after half an hour he set off again . 
 strolling past the crowd listening to the soapbox orator , he headed for bank tube station . 
 when he reached the platform there were only a few people waiting for the next train . 
 he went to the far end , several carriage lengths from the nearest person . 
 when the train squealed to a halt , he hopped in and stood in the doorway , one foot placed to block the sliding door . 
 when the guard closed the doors , he jumped back onto the deserted platform and watched as the train whistled off into the tunnel . 
 then he caught the next train . 
 when he reached the cinema fifteen minutes early , she was already there sitting in the middle of the back row . 
 a scarf covered her hair and she was wearing an old coat . 
 sliding into the seat next to her , he asked , ` what 's going on ? 
 i hardly recognised you . 
 you look like a housewife . 
 i thought we 'd agreed not to meet . 
 it 's too risky . 
 if sid finds out , he 'll play noughts and crosses on your face and i 'll get a concrete overcoat . ' 
 ` he 's going to find out about us , ' josie 's voice was a whisper , ` if you do n't do as you 're told . ' 
 ` told by who ? ' 
 ` alfie ... ' a tear rolled down her cheek . 
 he reached out and brushed it away . 
 ` what 's that idiot got to do with it ? ' 
 ` he knows about us . 
 he said so . ' 
 ` he 's probably bluffing . 
 did you deny it ? ' 
 ` of course i did . ' 
 ` did he say what proof he had ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` good . 
 sid 'll tear his balls off if he dares slag you off . ' 
 he kissed her cheek . 
 ` so , do n't worry , he ca n't prove a thing . ' 
 ` ah , but i can prove it now ! ' 
 ` blimey , it 's alfie ! 
 how the heck did you -- ' ` followed her did n't i. ' a gloating alfie slid into the seat next to foxy . 
 ` you may have gone to grammar school , but you ai n't half as clever as me . ' 
 josie began to sob , ` oh , foxy , oh , foxy , what have i done ? 
 i could have sworn i was n't followed . ' 
 ` do n't worry , love , i 'll take care of it . ' 
 ` yeah , push off , josie , and let me and foxy talk business . ' 
 ` you 'd better go , love . ' 
 foxy gave her hand a squeeze . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 i 'll sort this out , even if i have to kill the creep . ' 
 ` no you wo n't . 
 i 've left a sealed letter with my solicitor to give to sid if anything happens to me . ' 
 a week later , another suburb , another high street , foxy pondered his situation as he followed alfie along the pavement ... i s ' pose it could have been worse , at least it 's not armed robbery . 
 jack refused point blank and nobody else was daft enough to volunteer for alfie 's little caper . 
 i was beginning to think my luck was in , but he had another little scheme up his sleeve : smash and grab . 
 ` here we are , foxy , there 's the jeweller 's . ' 
 alfie pointed to the shop up ahead . 
 ` ah , here comes peck and fox is with him . ' 
 from his vantage point at the first floor window of the chartered accountant 's office across the street , hawker had a first class view of the jeweller 's shop opposite . 
 he applied a match to his pipe and struck a holmesian pose . 
 ` i 'm really looking forward to nabbing this one , brightwell . 
 i 've been after him for years . ' 
 he rubbed his hands . 
 ` i told you my source was impeccable . ' 
 ` but we still do n't know when the robbery will take place , sir . ' 
 ` i do n't know now , but i will when the time comes . ' 
 ` what do you plan to do in the meantime ? ' 
 ` do you fancy a pint ? ' 
 ` are we off duty , sir ? ' 
 ` we are now . 
 come on , it 's your shout . ' 
 three days later , hawker received his tip off . 
 ` it 's first thing monday morning , brightwell . ' 
 ` what is , sir ? ' 
 ` alfred peck 's smash and grab . 
 it 's time for me to get on the blower and arrange a little reception committee . ' 
 ` armed ? ' 
 ` no . 
 my source has assured me they will not be carrying firearms . 
 a car and a couple of coppers to seal off each end of the high street should do the trick . ' 
 sunday night found foxy in the travellers return , a pub in plaistow . 
 blackout regulations being in force as a precaution against air raids , the lights were dim and the windows heavily curtained . 
 the place was packed and the tobacco smoke as thick as a london fog . 
 the piano was belting out we 're gon na hang out the washing on the siegfried line , and the crowd were singing lustily . 
 foxy leaned on the bar , sipping unenthusiastically at a whisky mac as he listened to alfie issuing last minute orders . 
 ` right , is the car organised ? ' 
 ` of course it bloody well is . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` a morris 8 . ' 
 ` a morris 8 ? 
 that 's a car for old ladies : it 's not fast enough . ' 
 ` i ai n't planning on driving fast . 
 i 'm planning on switching number plates fast . 
 that 's why i 'm using a morris 8 . 
 there 's so many about it 'll be like looking for a needle in a haystack . 
 the law ca n't stop every morris 8 in london . ' 
 ` mmm ... ' alfie was impressed but did his best not to show it . 
 ` even you ca n't change a number plate that fast . ' 
 ` i can if it clips on and off . ' 
 foxy blew a smoke ring . 
 ` it 's dead simple . 
 just before we get there , we nip out and clip a number plate over the existing one . 
 then , assuming you do n't make a cock up of it , as soon as we 've got away , i stop somewhere quiet and we whip ’em off again -- then , like i said , needle in a haystack . ' 
 ` not bad , foxy , not bad , i did the right thing taking you on . 
 next time -- ' ` there ai n't gon na be no next time . 
 that was the deal . ' 
 ` yeah yeah , of course not . 
 what i meant to say was , next time , when i get another driver , i was hoping you might give a bit of advice . ' 
 ` so long as it 's just advice . ' 
 ` of course of course , just advice ... ' ` good . ' 
 ` have you made sure the tank 's full ? 
 i 've been hearing the war 's causing petrol shortages . ' 
 ` do n't worry it 's all sorted . ' 
 ` and do n't forget to allow plenty of -- ' ` for gawd 's sake shut up . 
 you 're starting to get on my tits . 
 i was doing this before you 'd learnt to masturbate , and i ... blimey , it 's the old bill , ' ` where ? ' 
 alfie turned pale . 
 three policemen had just entered the pub . 
 they started checking the papers of all men in military uniform , looking for anyone who had overstayed their leave . 
 satisfied , they were about to depart when one of them caught sight of alfie . 
 marching over , he asked , ` is your name alfred peck ? ' 
 ` could be ... ' alfie shuffled uneasily . 
 ` is it or is it not ? ' 
 ` so what if it is ? 
 i ai n't done nuffin . ' 
 ` you are being sought by the army . ' 
 ` what for ? ' 
 ` for failing to report for military service . 
 did you not receive your call up papers ? ' 
 ` yeah , but it just said that his majesty requested my presence . ' 
 ` so why did you not present yourself , when ordered to do so ? ' 
 ` cos it did n't say i was ordered to . 
 it was just an invitation . ' 
 ` when his majesty requests your presence , you present yourself . ' 
 ` okay , okay , i 'll present meself tomorrow . ' 
 ` oh no you wo n't , you will accompany us now . ' 
 ` what ! ' 
 alfie looked aghast . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` because you are a deserter . 
 you will be spending the night as our guest , and tomorrow you will be handed over to the military police . ' 
 ` can i at least finish my beer ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 as alfie sipped his beer , trying to make it last as long as possible , the pianist struck up an old recruiting song from the previous war , and the crowd sang it with gusto . 
 we do n't want to lose you , but we think you ought to go . 
 your king and your country , they both need you so ... chapter 10 ` i 'm bloody sure he was bluffing , ' muttered a voice , as foxy raked in the pot . 
 ` so why did n't you call my bluff ? ' 
 foxy sat back grinning , thumbs stuck in scarlet braces . 
 he was in shirtsleeves , tie loosened and collar undone , though his hat remained perched firmly on his head . 
 it had been over a week since alfie 's sudden departure , and life had returned to normal with only a few minor disruptions caused by the war . 
 foxy rarely missed the regular friday night poker session at the back of les white 's hardware shop . 
 not only was it a chance to win a bit of money , but also an opportunity to do a little business and pick up useful information . 
 as frankie pool , who worked at the town hall , dealt the cards , foxy dogged out his fag in the overflowing ashtray and took a sip of scotch . 
 after a quick glance at his cards he folded . 
 all the others folded except for les who 'd raised . 
 then the phone rang . 
 reluctantly rising to his feet , les limped over and picked it up . 
 ` it 's for you . 
 foxy , ' he announced . 
 ` who is it ? ' 
 ` he wo n't say . 
 he 's calling from a call box . 
 sounds a bit dodgy , shall i say you 're not here ? ' 
 ` nah . 
 i 'll take it . 
 it 's probably some bird 's husband . ' 
 ` heh-heh , you 'll come unstuck one of these days . 
 here . ' 
 les handed him the phone . 
 ` foxy speaking , can i help you ? ' 
 ` if you recognise my voice do n't say my name . 
 if they find out i 've phoned you i 'm stuffed , got it ? ' 
 ` er , yeah ... ' ` do you know who i am ? 
 just answer yes or no . ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 foxy had no difficulty in recognising jack 's monosyllabic style of speech . 
 ` good . 
 now listen carefully . 
 i owe you one for getting me out of the shit on that bank job , so i 'm giving you a bit of advice : get the fuck out of town as fast as you can , and whatever you do do n't go home , cos they 're waiting for you there . ' 
 foxy glanced at the poker players . 
 they were all engrossed in the game . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 he whispered into the phone . 
 ` who 's waiting for me ? ' 
 ` sid knows all about you and josie . 
 that little scumbag alfie told him . ' 
 cold fingers of fear gripped foxy by the balls and prodded his stomach . 
 ` what about josie ? ' 
 he whispered . 
 ` is she okay ? ' 
 ` you do n't want to know ... ' ` but is she ... ' ` a write off . ' 
 the voice was emphatic . 
 ` dead ? ' 
 ` worse ... ' ` worse ? 
 her face ? ' 
 ` bride of frankenstein ... ' ` but but ... ' ` look , foxy , i owed you one . 
 now we 're quits . 
 so remember , next time i run into you i 'll be working for sid ... got it ? ' 
 click making appropriate noises , foxy pretended that someone was still on the line , as he struggled to block out the image of josie looking like a patchwork quilt . 
 think , foxy , think , there 's always a way out ; all you 've got ta do is find it . 
 but how the fuck do i do a runner when all i 've got is the clothes on my back and all the money 's in the house . 
 nothing for it , if i 'm gon na get my hands on my lolly , i 'm gon na have to get inside my gaff . 
 risky , but if they do n't know i 've been tipped off , they 'll just be watching the front . 
 maybe i could sneak in the back way ... replacing the phone , foxy strolled casually back to the table and began to pocket his winnings . 
 ` i hate to leave you , boys , ' he grinned , ` but duty calls . ' 
 ` it sounds like iffy business . ' 
 les shook his head . 
 ` you 'll come a cropper one of these days if you 're not careful . ' 
 foxy winked . 
 ` do n't worry , les , i can look after myself . ' 
 ` would you mind going out the back way ? 
 it 's on account of the blackout . 
 i do n't want that bloody air raid warden having a go at me again , right little hitler he is . ' 
 ` okay , les , anything to oblige . 
 see you next week . ' 
 ` yeah , see you , foxy . 
 maybe you 'll give me a chance to win my money back . ' 
 ` no chance , mate , no chance . ' 
 foxy laughed as he headed for the exit . 
 having negotiated his way to the scullery , he gingerly opened the backdoor and was about to step outside when he spotted the raincoat and flat cap hanging from a peg ... hmm , just what the doctor ordered . 
 i hate nicking something from a mate , but when it 's a life or death situation ... leaning on a walking stick , collar turned up and cap pulled well down , a stooping figure in a shabby mac shuffled through the unlit streets of walthamstow . 
 when foxy reached the end of his street he peered around the corner . 
 even in the almost total darkness , the reflected chrome radiator and headlights of the car parked outside his house was unmistakeable . 
 sneaking past the turning , he carried on until he reached the alleyway that led to the rear of the house and crept along it to his back gate . 
 on reaching it he paused and stood there five minutes , listening , watching and waiting -- nothing : neither sight nor sound . 
 satisfied , he was about to open the gate when a tomcat began to yowl . 
 there was an answering challenge , and after a few more vocal exchanges and a brief scuffle , silence . 
 having calmed his shattered nerves , foxy was reaching out again for the latch when an upstairs window opened and a voice called out softly . 
 ` psst , are you there jimmy ? ' 
 ` yeah , still here , slasher . ' 
 the voice came from a few feet away on the other side of the fence . 
 ` i thought i heard something . ' 
 ` it was nothing , just a couple of cats fighting . ' 
 chapter 11 the first train of the day to southend steamed on through the rain at a steady rate , its wheels clickety-clacking over the rails . 
 in a third class compartment a crumpled figure covered by an old raincoat was stretched out across the seat , fast asleep . 
 ` wakey wakey ! ' 
 foxy woke up , rubbed his eyes and found himself facing a man wearing a shiny peaked cap . 
 ` where am i ? ' 
 ` the end of the line , sir , shoeburyness . 
 where were you supposed to get off ? ' 
 ` southend central . ' 
 ` sorry , sir , but i 'll have to charge you excess fare . 
 it 's company policy . 
 no exceptions . ' 
 as foxy waited for his change , he glanced out of the window . 
 a few stationary engines stood forlornly outside a soot encrusted engine shed , steaming gently in the rain . 
 ` is there anywhere i can get breakfast around here ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` there 's a café at the other end of the high street , opposite the barracks . ' 
 ` barracks ? ' 
 ` yes , sir , barracks , shoebury is a garrison town . ' 
 the café was situated a short distance from the barrack gates . 
 it smelt of yesterday 's boiled cabbage . 
 at one table sat a handful of fresh faced young soldiers , clutching mugs of tea , smoking cigarettes and laughing and joking amongst themselves . 
 the only other customers were a couple of workmen sitting at a table in the far corner and a mournful looking old man who sat fiddling with his bowler hat . 
 the proprietor stood behind the tea urn polishing a glass . 
 he eyed foxy suspiciously as he strolled up to the counter . 
 ` i 'll have a sausage , egg , bacon and fried bead , please . ' 
 the proprietor scowled . 
 ` have n't you heard there 's a war on ? ' 
 ` of course i have . 
 what 's that got to do with my breakfast ? ' 
 ` it means that for breakfast you can have : porridge or a kipper or a sausage and beans or beans and fried bread . ' 
 ` how about an egg ? ' 
 ` sorry , no eggs . 
 there 's a -- ' ` yeah , i know : a war on . 
 i 'll have a sausage and beans . ' 
 ` tea ? ' 
 ` yes please . 
 and two slices of bread and butter . ' 
 ` no butter : margarine . ' 
 ` okay , margarine it is . 
 how much ? ' 
 ` a shilling . ' 
 ` a shilling ! ' 
 ` there is a war on , you know . ' 
 ` yeah , so you keep telling me . ' 
 when he 'd finished his beans and -lrb- almost meatless -rrb- sausage , foxy sat mournfully contemplating his watery tea -- and his future ... blimey , i never thought it would come to this : the end of the line , literally -- it 's only a couple of miles from southend but it feels like siberia . 
 yesterday i had a business , a home , thirty suits , half a dozen willing women and a nice little wad of cash hidden under the floorboards . 
 now , all i 've got is the clothes on my back and a few pound notes in my wallet -- i have n't even got my ration book . 
 still , i s ' pose i should look on the bright side , at least i 've still got my dick -- though for how much longer ... foxy 's reverie was interrupted by a new arrival , a soldier . 
 he did n't march through the door , he swaggered . 
 the proprietor 's eyes lit up , and the fresh faced army lads greeted him respectfully before resuming their conversation . 
 he did n't join them , but sat by himself at the table nearest the counter . 
 ` i 'll have a full breakfast please , george , ' he called out , as he took his seat . 
 ` one egg or two , harry ? ' 
 ` make it two -- and a couple of rashers . ' 
 ` i 've only got streaky . ' 
 ` that 's okay . 
 we all have to make sacrifices in times of shortage . ' 
 when the breakfast arrived -- eggs , bacon , sausages , beans , fried bread and even a tomato -- foxy sat watching the soldier plough through it . 
 he was curious as to what it was going to cost . 
 but when the soldier had finished eating , he simply stood up , shook hands with his host and departed . 
 only foxy saw the proprietor slip an envelope into the man 's pocket with his other hand . 
 once outside , the soldier set off at brisk pace , hands in pockets and whistling as he went . 
 foxy caught up with him . 
 ` excuse me , harry , i 'm foxy , ' he announced , extending a hand . 
 harry turned , looked him briefly up and down and , having categorised him as a kindred spirit , shook the hand and asked , ` so , wha 'd ' yer want , foxy ? 
 you buying or selling ? ' 
 ` neither . 
 i was just wondering what a bloke like you 's doing in the army . 
 did you get called up ? ' 
 ` nah , did n't wait for call up . 
 i volunteered . ' 
 ` volunteered ? 
 but you could get killed . ' 
 ` not much chance of that : i 'm a driver in the service corps , same as my old man in the last war . 
 he did n't go within twenty miles of the front line and , ' harry winked , ` so much stuff fell off the back of his lorry he was able to buy a couple of houses when the war was over . ' 
 ` blimey , i never thought of the army as a business opportunity , but why volunteer ? ' 
 ` cos if i 'd waited to be called up , i could 've ended up in the infantry , but by volunteering i was able to wangle my way into the service corps , get it ? ' 
 ` yeah , i get it . 
 i s ' pose that slimy little café owner 's in the market for groceries . ' 
 ` heh-heh , you can suppose all you want , mate . 
 anyhow , i wo n't be in shoebury much longer . 
 i 'm off to france next week . ' 
 ` france ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he winked , ` just think of the business opportunities over there . ' 
 it was after six , and lil was doing the accounts when the phone rang . 
 ` hello . ' 
 ` hello , lil ... ' ` cripes , it 's you , foxy . 
 what 's going on ? ' 
 ` i just thought i 'd give you a ring and find out how you 're keeping ? ' 
 ` are you in southend ? ' 
 ` why d’you ask ? ' 
 ` do n't play games with me , darlin ' . 
 why did i have two gentlemen on my doorstep inquiring as to your whereabouts ? ' 
 ` coppers ? ' 
 ` i doubt it . 
 to well dressed for a start , and they did n't sound like the law . 
 tried to kid me they were lawyers . 
 said your auntie had died and left you some money . ' 
 ` what did you say ? ' 
 ` i told them i had n't seen you in years , said you preferred your women younger . ' 
 ` thanks lil . ' 
 ` how bad is it ? ' 
 ` terminal . ' 
 ` cripes ... ' there was a pause before she continued . 
 ` you can hide out here if you want to . ' 
 ` thanks , lil , but i would n't want to risk you losing your face . ' 
 ` i 'm not easily embarrassed . ' 
 ` i meant , i would n't want them carving their names on it . ' 
 ` crikey ! ' 
 ` so remember , if anybody asks , you ai n't heard from me in years . ' 
 ` but -- ' ` bye , lil . 
 if i get out of this i 'll come back and shag the arse off you for old time 's sake , but meantime ... ' click not far from southend seafront , the sign in the window of the terraced house read bed & breakfast . 
 foxy rang the bell . 
 there was a shuffling sound in the hallway before the door was opened by an old woman . 
 the shawl covering her shoulders was pinned with a cameo broach . 
 she peered at him through thick glasses , before asking , ` are you looking for a room , love ? ' 
 ` if you have one . ' 
 ` single or double ? ' 
 ` single . ' 
 ` sorry , love , i 've only got a double . ' 
 ` how much is it ? ' 
 ` i usually charge eight shillings , but i can let you have it for six . ' 
 ` i 'll take it . ' 
 thirty-six hours on the run gives a man a healthy appetite , and foxy had no trouble polishing off a bowl of porridge and a couple of kippers . 
 he had just finished spreading marmalade on a slice of toast when the door opened and the man of the house shuffled in clutching a copy of the daily mail . 
 he was wearing a dressing gown . 
 foxy had never seen medals worn on a dressing gown , but refrained from commenting . 
 ` morning , guv , i thought you might want a read of the paper , ' he wheezed , handing foxy the daily mail . 
 ` it looks like the poles have had it . ' 
 ` so the war 's over then . ' 
 ` oh , no it is not ! 
 the british tommy will never quit until the hun are defeated . ' 
 ` were you in the last effort then ? ' 
 ` regretfully , no . ' 
 he shook his head sadly . 
 ` the wound i received from brother boer in the south african campaign kept me out of the great war . 
 i wanted to go to france and do my bit , but ... ' ` yeah , i would n't mind going to france , ' muttered foxy , thinking aloud , ` but i have n't got a passport . ' 
 ` what did you say about france ? ' 
 the man cupped a hand to his ear . 
 ` i said i would n't mind going . ' 
 ` well said , sir , well said . ' 
 the old veteran grabbed foxy by the hand and pumped it up and down . 
 ` you 're a white man , sir , a real white man . 
 do n't delay ; hurry down to the recruiting office today . ' 
 ` er ... yeah ... where is it ? ' 
 ` it 's in milton street , round the back of southend victoria station . ' 
 ` thanks , i 'll bear it in mind ... ' the jeweller 's shop was situated in southchurch road , not far from victoria circus . 
 foxy spent some time looking in the window at the display of watches and jewellery before walking away . 
 five minutes later he was back . 
 this time , after glancing briefly at the three gold balls suspended over the pavement , he directed his attention to the side entrance and opened the door . 
 after passing along a grim passageway , he found himself in a shabby room at the back of the shop . 
 the whiff of mothballs hung in the air . 
 he took off his watch and rang the bell on the counter . 
 after a brief interlude the pawnbroker strode in , took one look at foxy and stated very firmly , ` sorry , sir , we are not accepting pledges today . ' 
 ` but it 's a swiss watch ... ' ` i regret , sir , but ... ` solid gold case ... ' ` i repeat , sir ... ' ` it 's a rolex . ' 
 foxy 's tone was pleading . 
 the pawnbroker sighed , shook his head and peered at him over the top of his gold rimmed spectacles . 
 ` i really am very sorry , but we are not accepting pledges of any nature today -- and that is final ! 
 good day to you , sir . ' 
 foxy had no trouble finding the place . 
 it stuck out like a poppy in a cornfield . 
 in a street of drab yellowish brick , the riot of red , white and blue that festooned the army recruiting office hammered home the need to do one 's patriotic duty . 
 the recruiting sergeant stood rigidly to attention outside his domain . 
 the brass adorning his immaculately pressed uniform gleamed like gold as he scanned the street for a potential recruit . 
 initially , his eyes reflected curiosity when they latched on to the figure at the far end of the street , but as foxy drew near , curiosity changed first to hope and then , eager anticipation . 
 ` i say , laddie , ' he called out . 
 ` you , laddie , you have the bearing of a soldier . ' 
 ` who me ? ' 
 ` yes you . 
 we need men like you in france . ' 
 ` hmm , france ... but i have n't got a passport . ' 
 ` you would n't need one if you were in the army . ' 
 ` are you sure i 'd go to france ? ' 
 ` i can guarantee it ? ' 
 ` hmm ... ' ` a fine fighting figure of a man like you should be in the infantry . ' 
 ` infantry ? 
 would that mean i 'd have to kill somebody ? ' 
 ` only germans ... ' ` i do n't think i 'd fancy that . ' 
 ` are you by any chance a conscientious objector ? ' 
 the recruiting sergeant 's eyes narrowed with suspicion and his waxed moustache bristled . 
 ` i am most certainly not a conchie . ' 
 foxy 's tone was indignant . 
 ` it 's just that do n't like the idea of having to kill people . 
 maybe i should join the air force . ' 
 foxy made as if to leave . 
 ` hold it hold it . 
 do n't be hasty . 
 how about the pioneer corps ? ' 
 ` what do they do ? ' 
 ` dig ditches . ' 
 ` you 've got ta be joking ! ' 
 ` sorry ... i know ! 
 can you drive ? ' 
 ` of course i can . 
 i 'm one of the best bloody drivers this side of the hackney marshes . ' 
 ` then you 're just the man we need in the royal service corps -- and do n't worry , we wo n't ask you to kill anybody . ' 
 ` hmm , does that mean i 'd be driving a lorry ? ' 
 ` it most certainly does . 
 you 'll be ferrying vital supplies from the ports to our gallant lads manning the defences . ' 
 ` hmmm , vital supplies ... i like the sound of that ... if i join up , would i have to stay in southend ? ' 
 ` once you have accepted the kings shilling , you will report to catterick for basic training . ' 
 ` catterick , where 's that ? ' 
 ` in yorkshire . ' 
 ` hmm , that 's at least two hundred miles from london , is n't it ? ' 
 ` that is correct . 
 you will be issued with a rail warrant valid for a single journey , and will be expected to report for duty in five days . ' 
 ` erm , can i report tomorrow ? ' 
 ` you most certainly can . 
 step this way . ' 
 ***** epilogue foxy succeeded in reaching catterick without running into anyone set on giving him a facelift . 
 having completed his basic training , he was assigned to a unit stationed at tidworth before being sent to france . 
 at the start of the war , the british army was expanding fast and promotion was rapid . 
 thanks to his age and education , foxy reached the rank of corporal within months . 
 france at that time was wide open for business -- black market business -- and foxy wasted no time in exploiting the opportunities to the full . 
 there was virtually no fighting during the winter of 1939/40 , a period that became known as the phoney war : the germans stayed politely behind the siegfried line , allowing the french to enjoy their lunch undisturbed behind the maginot line . 
 this suited foxy admirably as there was nothing to disrupt the flow of profits , but on the 10th of may 1940 hitler decided to ruin everything by turning the phoney war into a real one , and foxy found himself doing the one thing he had not planned to do when he enlisted : holding a rifle . 
 ***** by the same author hitler 's banner set in 1940 at the time of the dunkirk evacuation , a full length novel , it is the sequel to a hanging job and follows foxy 's exploits with the british army in france , and the series of events that brought him to the attention of hitler 's ss . 
 ` oh what a lovely war ! 
 if i 'd know it was going to be like this i 'd never have enlisted . 
 the german army 's trying to kill me and the british army keeps shoving me into situations that 'll get me killed , but what i want to know is : why have the germans started putting up posters with my picture on them ? 
 i mean , there 's a war on for christ 's sake ; you 'd think the jerries would have something better to do . 
 sorry . 
 i was so busy trying to fight this bleeding war i forgot to introduce myself . 
 the name 's foxy , i 'm in the royal army service corps and i 'm supposed to be driving a truck not playing soldiers . 
 so how did i end up as the number one pin-up boy for the waffen-ss ? 
 it all started a few days ago when mad lenny killed those jerries and i found that flag in one of their tanks ... ***** the missing gun : hawker of the yard features inspector hawker : foxy 's adversary in a hanging job london in the autumn of 1939 : the early months of world war 2 . 
 hitler has just conquered poland , but life in london continues much as it did in peacetime , albeit a little more restricted since the introduction of petrol rationing . 
 no bombs have been dropped on the city as yet , but the population go about their daily business under the constant threat of german air raids , and a blackout remains in force at night . 
 for scotland yard and the criminal fraternity , however , it is business as usual . 
 when a pawnbroker 's assistant is wounded by a gunman wearing a gasmask , it appears to be a straightforward case of a bungled armed robbery , but as detective inspector hawker of the flying squad , a devoted disciple of sherlock holmes , proceeds with his investigation , the more facts he uncovers the more confusing the affair becomes . 
 a red-headed soldier , a missing gun , a dead cat , an empty violin case and a damaged violin are only a few of the threads that have to be unravelled before he can wrap up the case . 
 the missing gun is available for free download at this store . 
 ***** steam : rocking ’n’ railing southend-on sea at the start of the sixties sexual revolution , monte carlo at the start of the millennium , a humorous rock ’n' rail tale involving a steam engine , a carousel , a girl forever new , a situation prone guy , a rock band of hopefuls , a policeman 's testicles , a couple of gangster twins , an alsatian dog , a french poodle and a jukebox-full of songs . 
 some people are accident prone ; ricky is situation prone . 
 it was all a misunderstanding of course , he 'd only been out walking the dog , and the situation would never have arisen if that copper had n't had a bit too much imagination . 
 but apart from the gossip , living in a village had another downside for an aspiring guitar-man : there was nowhere to plug it . 
 so it was definitely time for him to hit the road in search of fame , fortune and an electrical connection . 
 overnight fame being a bit impractical , he gets a job as a fireman on a steam engine while trying to build a rock band from scratch , but the situations just keep on coming and his past keeps dogging him . 
 ***** an accidental millionaire once upon a time in monte carlo , there was an englishman , an irishman and a pig . 
 a conman 's job is not an easy one , and defrauding a monte carlo bank can be a bit tricky , especially if you are trying to do it by phone from somewhere up in the french alps . 
 this is why sean is delighted when recently enriched albert wanders into his hotel like a nice plump piggy waving a mouth-watering collection of credit cards : this should be a piece of cake ... but it is n't ! 
 money always attracts scavengers , and sean finds himself in competition with heidi . 
 whereas sean presents albert with an impressive business plan , she waves an impressive pair of tits . 
 it 's the start of a saga that stretches all the way to the italian national polo club in rome , taking in marseille , nice , monaco and florence on the way , while involving sheep-loving flemish bikers , an octogenarian nymphomaniac , the earl of donegal , a serbian butcher a croatian cockroach and many others , with a little bribery and corruption a la française thrown in for luck . 
 ***** short stories available for free download in this store sherlock holmes revues the case of the ghostly accident norsk saga : the shanghai policeman 's daughter santa 's little helper : a christmas carousal srebrenica : a dutch fairy story 
