 it 's a wonderful undead life and other yuletide tales by m. j. reed copyright © 2012 by m. j. reed smashwords edition all rights reserved table of contents it 's a zombie christmas ... it 's a wonderful undead life how a zombie and his undead dog stole christmas x-mas story bloodthirsty zombie rampage on 34th street home and almost alone frosty the undead snowman zombie apocalypse , now a christmas carol : a zombie story of christmas ___________________________________ it 's a zombie christmas ... his head was round , perfectly unnaturally round . 
 then again , all their heads were round . 
 that was the gimmick , like having three fingers , or being two-dimensional -- all part of the hand drawn package . 
 it had been that way for as long as he could remember , and even with the stark contrasts in color and the sharp black outlines that defined his world , there was a certain intractable blandness to it . 
 from his blanket toting friend to his sister 's pianist paramour they all led strikingly dull lives , dominated by little league ballgames and school plays and trips to the principal 's office . 
 their universe , at once exceedingly monotonous and oppressively safe , was always and forever the same . 
 and then it was n't . 
 in the time it took to get a nip in the butt from an anthropomorphic beagle , their world went from muted yellows , browns , and blues , to a landscape dominated by a single startling color : red . 
 christmas time is here happiness and cheer ... it started when he nabbed a string of lights off his dog 's elaborately decorated house . 
 as the boy struggled to wrap the pilfered bulbs around a pathetic four foot balsam he 'd designated his christmas tree , the dog trundled out of his home and bit him in the behind . 
 the round-headed boy reached back to inspect the damage . 
 in his short life he 'd suffered an occasional bump on the head or skinned elbow , but puncture wounds from an infected hound -- this was new territory . 
 through the tear in his pants he felt a warm rush of fluid , and before he could comment on his misfortune with a poignant ` drats ' , his body seized and his mind faded to a feral , hungry black . 
 the dog turned and stalked back to his house and the boy , arms held in front of him like a sleepwalker , followed . 
 sensing danger , the dog slipped through the door and cowered in the back of his one room shelter . 
 the house was cold , had an unpleasant odor , and a fly blown blanket on a dirt floor , which was why the dog spent more time on top of the house than in it . 
 the boy knelt next to the door and thrust his hands through , swiping and grasping , his fingers inches from the terrified pup . 
 the boy groaned and the dog crushed itself against the back wall , and after a few futile seconds , the boy abandoned his efforts and went off in search of other prey . 
 fun for all that children call their favorite time of year ... `` do n't worry , he 'll be here . '' 
 it was his friend , the thumbsucker , who said it . 
 they were in the school auditorium rehearsing for a play , and he was trying to quell a developing mutiny among his animated peers . 
 `` he 's supposed to bring the tree , '' said the thumbsucker 's dark-haired sister , never a fan of the round-headed boy , least of all at this moment . 
 `` how are we supposed to have a christmas pageant without a christmas tree ? '' 
 the thumbsucker did n't answer the question , assuming it was one of those rhetorical ones his sister was always asking . 
 instead he walked center stage . 
 `` the true meaning of christmas , '' he said , as the houselights dimmed and a spotlight shined down on him , `` behold the manger ... '' `` knock it off , '' shouted his sister . 
 there was a snap and the houselights came back up . 
 `` nobody wants to hear that again . '' 
 `` i want to hear it , '' said a little blond girl with an oversize bow in her hair . 
 she stared moon eyed at the thumbsucker as little hearts formed around her head and floated away . 
 `` i want to hear it again and again . '' 
 on stage left , an ersatz beatnik hunched over his piano and began to play . 
 instead of the usual pseudo-jazz fare that got them hopping like mice in a frying pan , he chose a somber , classical arrangement . 
 he was pounding the keys in a heavy chord progression when the boy appeared . 
 the dark haired girl spotted him first . 
 `` where 's the tree ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` ahh , '' said the boy , eyes wide as he stumbled toward the stage . 
 the thumbsucker stepped back . 
 `` something 's wrong , '' he said , taking his blanket off his shoulder and holding in front of himself like a bullfighter . 
 `` ahh , '' said the boy . 
 he was on the stage and approaching the pianist who was lost in a musical riff . 
 there was a horrible clanking of keys and then a scream . 
 `` zombie ! '' 
 cried the little blond girl . 
 the round headed boy , jaw locked on the piano player 's neck , drove the victim off his stool and on top of the miniature steinway . 
 blood jetted across the white lid , and gore leaked down over the keys . 
 the round headed boy tore and bit with more ferocity than seemed possible , his face now buried in the dead boy 's belly . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the dark haired girl put her fingers in her mouth and whistled . 
 `` over here . '' 
 the boy stopped his maniacal feasting and looked up , his face a mask of blood and gristle . 
 the girl was holding something up for him to see , something he could no longer name , something that called out to a deeper part of him , deeper even than his blind desire to feed . 
 the boy stood spellbound as she approached , holding the thing out in front of her as she walked . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said , voice calm as she knelt next to the piano . 
 the other kids on the stage gathered around , watching as the girl set the thing she 'd been holding on the ground . 
 it was a football . 
 she held it in place , the tip of her finger on one end , and turned the laces to face the boy . 
 `` ugh , '' said the boy , eyes locked on the ball . 
 `` go ahead , '' said the girl . 
 the boy took an awkward step forward and swung his foot at the ball . 
 his kick missed , his legs shot out from under him , and he landed on his back , head just beneath one end of the piano . 
 `` hi-ya ! '' 
 said the girl , kicking a leg out from under the steinway and sending it crashing down on the boy 's skull . 
 snowflakes in the air carols everywhere ... the thumbsucker loomed over his dead undead friend , thumb firmly in his mouth , blanket over his shoulder . 
 `` what do you suppose happened ? '' 
 the dark haired girl rolled the boy over and discovered the tear in his pants . 
 she ripped at the cloth , enlarging the hole for a closer look . 
 `` there , '' she said , self-satisfied smile on her face . 
 the kids gasped as one . 
 puncture wounds . 
 `` i ca n't believe it , '' said the thumbsucker . 
 all around him , the children voiced similar opinions . 
 `` oh come on , '' said the girl , standing and wiping her hands on her skirt . 
 `` it 's what i 've always told you about that dog : germs , germs , germs . '' 
 `` so , uh , '' in the back of the group a boy raised his hand , sending up a cloud of dirt as he did so . 
 the rest of the kids shrank from the encroaching black fog . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 the dark haired girl waved a hand to clear away the noxious vapor and walked to the center of the stage . 
 `` i 'll tell you what we do , '' she said . 
 the house lights went down and the spotlight came on , lighting her in a way that was a little disturbing . 
 `` something we should have done a long time ago . '' 
 she stared back at her friends , face a frightening contrast of light and shadow . 
 `` we go kill that disease ridden beagle . '' 
 olden times and ancient rhymes of love and dreams to share ... it was a short walk to the doghouse . 
 when they closed to within a hundred feet the dark haired girl held up a hand to silence her vigilante mob . 
 the house , minus one string of lights , flashed and glowed with all the brilliance of secular , commercialized christmas . 
 flock standing quietly behind her , the dark haired girl approached the beagle 's lair in a commando style crouch . 
 she dropped to her knees just outside the door and took a peek inside where the unsuspecting dog lay sleeping . 
 she motioned for her peers to take positions on the perimeter , and the group formed a circle around the house , standing as if ready to sing a carol . 
 with little ceremony , the dark haired girl tipped over the partially decorated tree that stood next to the house and rolled it against the wall . 
 face lit by multi-colored flashes , she reached into her pocket and produced a single , white tipped match . 
 the little blond girl made to protest , but the thumbsucker put a hand over her mouth and pulled her to him . 
 `` go ahead , '' he whispered . 
 with a nod , the dark haired girl struck the match and held it under the tree . 
 the tinder dry needles caught , and in an instant the tree and the house were enveloped in flame . 
 sleigh bells in the air beauty everywhere yuletide by the fireside and joyful memories there flames . 
 the dog made no attempt to flee , and instead sat in the center of the inferno , his legs akimbo , elbows on his knees , the posture of a proselytizing swami . 
 though he would certainly die , the disease he carried in his blood had rendered him impervious to pain . 
 the heat had already singed off his fur , and his ears had melted away . 
 what was left was a grotesque , almost human mask , bald and shining under the light of the sputtering fire . 
 he looked up and left , like watching a slow moving fly . 
 `` the horror , '' he said in a throaty whisper . 
 through his ruined ears he could hear the soft , angelic notes of a christmas carol being sung outside . 
 his erratic head movement continued , even as the temperature rose and ash began to rain down from the charred roof . 
 `` the horror , '' he said again . 
 and all around , the fire raged . 
 ___________________________________ it 's a wonderful undead life the man was sitting on a milking stool , cold , wet , and wrapped in a blanket to warm himself as an impotent fire popped and crackled in the shack 's ancient stove . 
 he was rubbing his face , dark with stubble , and his movements were ticky , like a psych patient off his meds . 
 `` oh , i suppose you 're right , '' he said , speaking to a little man by the door . 
 `` i suppose it 'd been better if i 'd never been born . '' 
 `` oh no , '' said the little man , stepping forward , `` no you must n't say things like that . 
 if you 'd never been born ... '' `` yeah , yeah , '' said the man , waving him away , `` if i 'd never been born a lot of people would be better off ; my brother , my wife , my kids , ... '' he trailed off as he realized the stupidity of the statement . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said , `` i suppose that 's not a very practical solution . '' 
 this seemed to relax the little man who took a seat next to the stove . 
 `` but what can i do ? 
 i 'm out of my depth here . 
 i mean this kind of thing ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` my father would know how to handle it . 
 he was the brains of the operation , but it 's not like i can bring him back from the dead . '' 
 the little man began to laugh and then caught himself . 
 `` wait a minute , '' he said , hand on his chin as he gazed skyward . 
 `` yes , that would do it . '' 
 he slapped his hands on his knees and turned . 
 `` so , you really think your father would be able to get you out of this mess you 're in ? '' 
 `` sure , it was his business to start with . 
 i just took it over so my brother could go to college . '' 
 the little man smiled , a cherubic grin with a touch of mischief . 
 outside the wind howled , buffeting the shack with subzero bursts of snow and ice . 
 `` you 've got your wish , '' said the little man . 
 shoulders hunched under the blanket , the man gazed back , confused . 
 `` what wish ? '' 
 the scratching was impossible to hear , not so much because of its muffled nature -- nail and knuckle raking porous rotting pine -- but because it was taking place under six feet of sandy soil , soil that lay under two feet of wet snow , snow that was piled from fencepost to gravestone in a cemetery two miles out of town . 
 still it continued , slow and relentless , fingers boring into the lid , breaking through , wood falling away in strips , earth raining down . 
 soon what for years had been an empty space was flooded with dirt -- on him , around him , under him . 
 and then , legs kicking , arms working , shoulders rolling , he began swimming his way to the surface . 
 they were after the uncle about the money . 
 all afternoon they 'd been at him , asking him what he remembered , where he 'd been . 
 by day 's end the office was in a panic ; his nephew nattering in his ear , the bank examiner showing up unannounced , the damn crow flitting about , its incessant cawing only marginally less annoying than the nephew 's carping about the eight thousand dollars that was missing . 
 why could n't they just leave him be , leave him to his office , his lunch -lrb- still untouched in his pail -rrb- his newspaper , his bourbon ... god , yes , his bourbon , a fifth of old granddad in his top right desk drawer . 
 he stared at the drawer while his nephew continued the interrogation . 
 it was hopeless . 
 if they wanted to know what he remembered , they were asking the wrong questions . 
 this afternoon ? 
 a blur . 
 twenty years ago ? 
 clear as crystal . 
 he closed his eyes , trying to block out the torrent of questions . 
 did you do this , did you go here , did you leave it there . 
 eight thousand dollars , eight thousand dollars , eight thousand dollars ... the bourbon -- that was the key . 
 if he could just get to the fifth in his desk drawer he 'd maybe start to remember , or at the very least he 'd stop caring about what he 'd forgotten . 
 i should have taken the job , thought the man in the blanket . 
 days before , the town 's resident miser had offered him a position at a ridiculous salary and he 'd turned it down cold . 
 on principle . 
 hah , principle , where had that gotten him ? 
 big family , small town , stuck in a job that was more a tribute to his father than a going business concern , and a drunkard uncle with an outdated education who 'd just today lost eight thousand dollars while walking two hundred yards between the s&l and the bank ! 
 the man put his face in his hands and groaned . 
 `` we 'd better get going , '' said his new friend . 
 the man looked up , eyes dark with exhaustion . 
 he 'd fished the little man out of the river two hours earlier , and when he got him into the bridge keeper 's shack to warm up the little man started calling himself an angel . 
 normally that would have been cause for concern , but after the day he 'd had -- missing money , sick kids , punch in the mouth , wrecked car -- it hardly raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that thing you said before , what was that ? 
 you said i got my wish ? '' 
 the angel smiled and bobbed his bushy white eyebrows . 
 the man persisted . 
 `` what wish ? '' 
 before the angel could answer there was a pounding at the door . 
 finally they left the uncle alone , one by one drifting out the door , making plans on the fly , what to do next , who to call , the whole scheming lot of them followed out by the bank examiner , a little man with porthole glasses who slammed the door behind himself . 
 the old man watched as they filtered down the sidewalk and out of sight in the building snowstorm . 
 with a deep breath , he drew the shade and locked the door , the room 's only light now a 40 watt lamp burning at his desk . 
 the crow cawed once and flew to its perch . 
 the uncle walked to his desk and dropped into his chair , reaching for the top right drawer before he 'd completely settled . 
 there it was . 
 he nearly wept with relief . 
 the bottle glinted in the light , winking a golden eye back up at him , the most inviting , warm glow he could imagine . 
 in a single , fluid motion he snatched the bourbon , popped the cork , and threw his head back , savoring the smoked oak ambrosia as it trickled down his throat . 
 he slammed the bottle on the desk , hard enough to startle the crow which fluttered its wings and then was still . 
 a few swallows later , mind anesthetized by the merciful flow of alcohol , the old man knew how to save his nephew . 
 the pounding continued , the force rattling the siding on the bridge keeper 's shack . 
 at first the man assumed it was the keeper himself , back to his post after running out two hours earlier , but the pounding , so rhythmic and slow , did n't sound like someone asking to come inside . 
 the man threw off the blanket and stood . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 he pointed to the door . 
 the angel smiled , he always smiled . 
 `` i already told you , you got your wish . '' 
 he took a step toward the door and turned the nob . 
 there was a final thud and then the door swung open . 
 the man had been to half a dozen wakes in his life , and in his experience the person in the casket seldom bore much resemblance to the person they 'd been before they died . 
 the whole notion that the deceased looked at peace was a comforting delusion , a fantasy , and the longer a person was dead the harder that fantasy was to maintain . 
 decay was n't the worst of it , as he discovered . 
 picture your beloved departed as one hundred pounds of desiccated human -- exposed bones , muscles like beef jerky , gray sloughing skin . 
 now set the whole , rotting carcass in motion , feet sliding across the floor , head rolling on a ropey neck , grunts and groans escaping as puffs of rank fetid air . 
 it was no wonder it took a few seconds for the man to recognize his father . 
 `` take up a collection . '' 
 the uncle 's eyes were half closed , shot through with red . 
 his nose was red too , not so much from the cold walk to her house , but the drink that fueled the trip . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she said . 
 it was christmas eve and her husband 's uncle had caught her in the middle of decorating the tree . 
 the husband had lit out hours ago , following a tantrum about his kids and their teacher . 
 `` why a collection ? 
 surely the money will turn up . '' 
 the uncle went on to explain how they 'd tried to ` turn up ' the money all day . 
 it was no use , he claimed . 
 then he went on about his plan to collect eight thousand dollars from the folks in town . 
 the woman shook her head . 
 imagine , trying to collect a sum of money that amounted to over four times a typical yearly salary , on christmas eve no less . 
 if folks had that much cash lying about , why did they even need the savings and loan in the first place ? 
 and then a darker thought : maybe they did n't -- her husband was a bit of a pushover , truth be told . 
 `` we 've got to go , '' the uncle said . 
 he moved toward the door , waiting for her to follow . 
 when she did n't , he restated his plan , this time throwing in the possibility of jail for her husband if they did nothing . 
 that got her moving . 
 she grabbed her scarf and coat , put her oldest in charge , and followed the drunken uncle into the night . 
 `` what kind of man are you ! '' 
 he backed to the far corner of the shack , holding the stool in front of himself like a lion tamer . 
 `` you some kind of demon or witch ... '' `` i told you , '' said the little man , `` i 'm your guardian angel . '' 
 the corpse had stopped at the open door , lifting and dropping its arms , shuffling its feet , but seeming uncertain what to do next . 
 `` angel ? '' 
 the man dropped the stool . 
 `` well mister , angel may be the farthest thing from what you are . 
 a man who can make a dead man walk ... '' `` your father , '' said the angel . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` the dead man , '' the angel nodded to the corpse , `` is your father . '' 
 `` father ? 
 what are you talking about . 
 this ... '' the man 's voice trailed off and his mouth hung open . 
 he stared at the thing in the doorway , its pitted eyes , its lipless grin . 
 tentatively , the man took a step forward . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 he said weakly . 
 at the sound of the man 's voice , the corpse lowered its arms and stood still . 
 the man , feeling his legs go weak , stepped back and dropped onto the stool . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` well , '' said the angel , `` you seemed convinced you needed your father to solve your problem : here he is . '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` this is not exactly what i had in mind . '' 
 the angel smiled , eyes twinkling . 
 `` things seldom are . '' 
 by the time they were done canvassing the neighborhood , the till was full -lrb- seventy eight hundred and change -rrb- , the snow had stopped , and the uncle , regrettably , had sobered up . 
 he 'd also frozen up , and so was quite happy to be once again in a warm abode , even one with four children , one of whom was pounding on the piano , a graceless rendition of hark the herald angels sing , starting , stopping , and starting again . 
 god his head hurt . 
 in the meantime , neighbors streamed through the door , dropping ever more money into the basket . 
 he thought back to the run on the bank , when these poor clodhoppers could n't put two nickels together , and now they were positively hemorrhaging cash . 
 it was ironic . 
 if he were sober he 'd never have gone through with the plan , but now on the ebb side of drunk , he was reaping the benefits . 
 the walk across town was a slow plodding trek , the angel in the lead , the man close behind , the corpse bringing up the rear . 
 years in the ground had taken the flex out of its knees , and it was forced to drag its feet along , plowing through the new fallen snow . 
 as they approached the house , they could see light through an open door and could hear the strains of a christmas carol being sung by -- so it sounded -- a considerable number of people . 
 `` those kids , '' said the man , shaking his head as he stared at the open door , `` now wonder we ca n't keep the heat in that place . '' 
 as they stepped through the gate and up the walk , the corpse picked up the pace , excited by the bustle of humanity in the home . 
 `` look at him go , '' said the angel . 
 the son rushed ahead of his undead father in an effort to prepare his family for the unexpected visitor . 
 he burst through the door and was met with the cheers of what appeared to be half the neighborhood . 
 he skidded to a halt in the foyer , looked behind at his approaching father , and then around at the grinning singing multitude in his living room . 
 `` this , '' he said , `` is not going to go well . '' 
 he did n't actually see his dad step across the threshold , but he could hear it , the piano stopping on a discordant clank , the carol singers going quite , a moment of silence , and then ... `` zombie ! '' 
 the screaming was contagious , as was the mad dash away from the angel and the undead dad . 
 `` please everyone , '' said the son , holding up his hands , `` please , let 's not panic . '' 
 his pleas went unheeded , and for the most part unheard , drowned out by the shouts and screams of his terrified neighbors . 
 in the center of the maelstrom stood the town 's sheriff with the bank examiner cowering behind . 
 the corpse hovered just inside the doorway , arms raised but unmoving , head swiveling back and forth as it scanned the room with sunken eyes . 
 when it saw the sheriff , the corpse charged forward with surprising speed . 
 the sheriff reached for his gun and the corpse bulled past him , crashing full force into the unsuspecting bank examiner . 
 within seconds the two were on the ground , corpse with its jaw locked on the examiner 's throat as the little man wailed . 
 the corpse jerked its head right , tearing away a wedge of flesh and cartilage . 
 blood jetted from ruined neck , knocking the glasses off the examiner 's head , and before the little man 's heart could pump its last , the corpse dropped down and buried its face in the examiner 's belly . 
 the sheriff , gun drawn , crept up behind the undead ex-banker and fired a round through its skull . 
 the reanimated corpse went immediately still , then slid slowly off the examiner and onto the blood spattered floor . 
 friends and neighbors looked on in stunned silence , and in the corner of the room , on the meticulously trimmed tree , a tiny bell on the highest bow began to jingle softly . 
 the angel smiled . 
 ___________________________________ how a zombie and his undead dog stole christmas `` stunning , '' the reporter said , as he struggled to describe the town he 'd recently visited . 
 he sat in front of a senate panel , feeling alone and exposed in a chamber full of gossip hungry spectators . 
 behind the spectators a camera crew , complete with boom mike , recorded every sight and sound of what had become a national event . 
 months earlier , right before christmas , word leaked out of an ongoing massacre in a remote alpine location , citizens being systematically slaughtered at the hands of a maniac who lived on a hill overlooking the village . 
 word also leaked out that the maniac was a charter member of the undead , a zombie authentiqué , though no one actually used the z word . 
 the panel of four senators looked to one another and the panel chair leaned toward his microphone . 
 `` stunning , '' he repeated . 
 `` care to elaborate ? '' 
 the reporter cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'll give it my best shot . '' 
 when his editor sent him off on the story , the reporter thought he 'd struck boondoggle gold -- remote alpine village , accessible by helicopter , and on his christmas break no less . 
 the story was a dead end , but the timing , the location . 
 he 'd heard the word ` junket ' before , one of those sweetly nostalgic , pseudo-political terms that called to mind exorbitant waste in exotic locales . 
 he 'd always wanted to go on a junket . 
 with a hearty ` yes sir ' , he headed home , loaded his suitcase with sunblock , tinted goggles , and a gore-tex ensemble of hats , vests , and gloves . 
 then he packed up his skis and off to the airport he went . 
 looking back , the chopper crew should have been surprised by his choice of luggage , but if they were , no one said anything . 
 instead , they loaded him onto the helicopter and took to the skies . 
 the flight lasted three hours , the first third of which was dedicated to climbing , a gradual ascent to the 13,000 foot mountain on which the town was perched . 
 when they drew to within sight of the village , all conversation in the helicopter ceased . 
 the strange silence continued as the reporter stepped from the aircraft and collected his luggage , the attendants communicating only with nods and grunts . 
 as the reporter surveyed the landscape he thought he 'd been the victim of a practical joke . 
 there seemed to be no airport at all , just a helipad and wide open space with a town in the distance nestled up to the mountain 's peak . 
 the homes all looked like cottages , with smoke rising from each and every chimney . 
 he turned to the crew for an explanation , but they were already boarding the helicopter and readying for takeoff . 
 the reporter opened his mouth to get someone 's attention just as he spotted a car heading his way . 
 it was a taxi , bright yellow , boxy , and it was small , very , very small . 
 a clown car , the reporter thought , as he watched the miniature vehicle putting down the road . 
 when it ground to a stop , the reporter expected to see a midget with a red ball nose , maybe some oversized shoes , hop out . 
 what did emerge , however , was far more bizarre . 
 `` the people you encountered while you were there , the townspeople ... '' the senator glanced at an affidavit the reporter had signed after an air force debriefing . 
 `` i believe you refer to them , multiple times actually , as ` creatures ' . '' 
 the senator set the paper aside and smiled . 
 `` do you really expect this panel to believe your description ? '' 
 the reporter shook his head . 
 `` i do n't expect anything . 
 i simply told you what i saw . '' 
 `` sir , '' said the senator from new hampshire , the lone woman on the panel , `` are you on any medications we should be aware of ? '' 
 there was a burst of laughter from the spectators . 
 `` a serious question , '' said the senator , quieting the chamber , `` and i 'll repeat it more plainly : are you on drugs ? '' 
 the reporter smiled and folded his hands on the table . 
 `` that depends , '' he said , `` do you mean before i went to the town or after i came back ? '' 
 the man , if it was a man , was blue , four feet tall with a pointy head and anime eyes . 
 though the creature was far from threatening , the reporter still felt a surge of panic as his helicopter lifted off behind him . 
 the blue man did n't acknowledge the reporter . 
 instead he reached into the back seat and retrieved a sheet of poster board on which he 'd written the reporter 's name . 
 he turned to face the helipad , holding the card in front of himself . 
 the reporter looked around . 
 `` that 's , uh , me . '' 
 he gestured to his luggage and then to the car , hoping to communicate the futility of loading the little car with his suitcases and skis . 
 without a word , the blue man tossed the sign aside , dragged the luggage to the rear of the taxi , and opened the trunk . 
 then he picked up the largest suitcase , heaved it onto the lip of the trunk , and gave it a mighty shove . 
 there was a loud pop and the suitcase disappeared into the vehicle . 
 he repeated the procedure with the other bags , and finally the skis , which somehow disappeared into a car that was only half as long as the skis themselves . 
 `` nice trick , '' said the reporter , shaking his head . 
 the altitude , he thought , it must be the altitude . 
 the blue man opened the back door and motioned for the reporter to get in , but after seeing what happened to his bags , the reporter hesitated . 
 `` all set , sir , '' said the blue man , motioning to the taxi once again . 
 for such a small creature his voice was deep , and he spoke with an almost theatric relish . 
 the reporter , a little relieved that the creature could talk , obliged . 
 the car was surprisingly roomy for something that looked like a toy , and the reporter slid to the passenger side and buckled in . 
 the blue man adjusted the mirror and glanced to the backseat , his oversize eyes filling the glass . 
 `` here for the murders ? '' 
 he asked , mentioning the killings as if they were a tourist attraction . 
 the reporter paused , taken aback by the directness of the question . 
 `` yeah , '' he said , `` i 'm a reporter . '' 
 the blue man nodded , threw the car into gear , and started toward the town . 
 `` eleven so far , '' he said . 
 the reporter looked back to see little puffs of smoke trailing the vehicle but heard no engine . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` the murders , '' said the blue man , `` a couple on christmas eve , five christmas day , and four the day after -- eleven . '' 
 `` right , '' said the reporter , staring out the window as nothing passed by . 
 he had a hundred a questions , but right now none of them had anything to do with an undead serial killer . 
 `` not from around here ? '' 
 the reporter looked to the driver . 
 `` you 're kidding ? '' 
 `` what i mean is , you never been here before , right ? '' 
 `` no , '' said the reporter . 
 he took a deep breath to settle himself . 
 he was there to do a job , an investigative journalist , not an anthropologist . 
 `` do the police have any suspects ? '' 
 `` one , '' said the blue man , `` but i would n't call him a suspect . '' 
 he pointed to the mountain peak hovering over the town . 
 `` he lives up there . '' 
 `` so , '' said the reporter , `` then why have n't they arrested the guy ? '' 
 `` well , the town does n't exactly have a prison , and the police do n't really carry guns , and besides , he 's pretty much in jail up there anyway , practically speaking . '' 
 the reporter hunched down to get a look out the window . 
 the mountain rose into the sky like a crooked finger , its craggy tip pointed toward the town . 
 it would seem impossible anyone could live up there , let alone make runs into town to eviscerate the populous . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 how does he get down here ? '' 
 `` he comes at night , '' said the blue man , as if that answered everything . 
 `` and so the cops , are n't they waiting for him ? '' 
 `` the police are n't there when he comes . 
 they 're in their beds a-snoozing . '' 
 `` i understand from your previous testimony , you called the town a dead-zone . 
 could you tell the panel what you meant by that ? '' 
 dead-zone . 
 the reporter remembered the characterization . 
 at the time he 'd meant simply there was no phone service , no internet , no satellite signal of any kind in the town . 
 it was only after he 'd been there for 24 hours that the term became ironic . 
 he held up his blackberry . 
 `` no cell phone , no anything . '' 
 `` so you 're reference was technical , so to speak . '' 
 `` correct , '' said the reporter . 
 the senator held up the affidavit . 
 `` it says here you spoke with the mayor and other town officials , and they were not only aware of the nature of the killings , but of who the killer was ? '' 
 `` what the killer was , '' said the reporter . 
 `` yes , they were aware . '' 
 `` and did they do anything about it ? '' 
 the reporter smiled in a way that indicated nothing was funny , then shook his head . 
 `` that depends on what your definition of ` anything ' is . '' 
 the more time the reporter spent in the village , the more time he spent with the creatures , the less threatened he felt . 
 he would never , however , feel entirely comfortable . 
 in addition to looking decidedly un-human , the townsfolk -- excepting size -- looked exactly alike . 
 he relied on voices and their clothing to tell them apart . 
 the mayor , wearing a crooked stovepipe hat , gave him a tour of city hall and waxed eloquent on the exciting doings in town ; a first night ceremony , a spring garden show , a new stoplight in the town center . 
 he talked about anything , in fact , except what the reporter had come to hear . 
 the reporter smiled politely , then tried to get him back on track . 
 `` the murders , '' he said , `` what about the murders ? '' 
 the question stunned the mayor , who stared back at him , still as a single frame of an animated film . 
 after a few seconds he recovered . 
 `` eleven , '' he said with a smile . 
 he went on to explain , with an inappropriate brightness , that the killer eviscerated his victims , cracked their skulls like walnuts , and sucked out the brains . 
 about this last fact , the mayor seemed duly impressed . 
 `` so why not stop him ? '' 
 asked the reporter . 
 he pointed out the window . 
 `` he 's right up there . 
 you must have some plans , a raid , a swat team . 
 i mean , you know where he lives . '' 
 `` he comes at night ... '' `` yes , yes , so get ready for him -- set a trap . 
 do n't you have any weapons ; guns , knives , ... '' the mayor snapped fingers . 
 `` the roast beast , '' he said . 
 when he saw the look of confusion on the reporter 's face , the mayor continued . 
 `` we use a ceremonial knife to carve the roast beast . 
 would that work ? '' 
 the mayor began rubbing his chin as he considered the question . 
 `` of course , the knife is for the roast beast , and our killer is not a roast beast . 
 not sure how this knife solves the problem . '' 
 before the reporter could explain strategies for stabbing or decapitation , the mayor hopped out of his chair and grabbed his coat . 
 `` well , have to be going , '' he said , voice manic as he opened the door to his office . 
 `` big day tomorrow . '' 
 he slipped out the door an onto the street , joining dozens of other colorful citizens as they made their way home . 
 the new hampshire senator held up a notebook recovered from the town . 
 `` you told the panel you got this from the mayor 's office just before the extraction ? '' 
 the reporter took a second to process the question , mentally tripping on her use of the term ` extraction ' -- military jargon , but accurate nonetheless . 
 `` yes , '' he said , `` it appears to be something the mayor was working on before , well ... '' the senator nodded and opened the notebook . 
 she flipped through the pages and stopped . 
 looking down through a pair of glasses balanced on her nose she read aloud : `` what a grisly delight thought the man on the hill his heart thumpy-thumping at the thought of the kill their bellies so warm , their brains oh so pink , into the flesh of the living , his teeth they would sink . '' 
 the senator set her glasses aside . 
 `` what did you take this to mean ? '' 
 `` it seemed to me the mayor , or someone in his office , was writing about the killings . 
 i think maybe that was the reason they responded like they did . '' 
 maybe nothing . 
 the reporter was sure of it . 
 it was clear to him that the mayor , hoping to get the little town on the 21st century map , was looking for a book deal , and if you want to be noticed in an era of terrorism , rampant war , and serial murder you needed to have big numbers : eleven murders was good . 
 more was better . 
 `` or failed to respond , '' said the oldest member of the panel . 
 the reporter nodded . 
 `` or failed to , yes . '' 
 the reporter got back to his hotel and looked out the window just in time to see the sun vanish over the horizon . 
 while it may have been an optical illusion or just the altitude , it disappeared with surreal quickness , the day going to night in what seemed an instant . 
 hours earlier the townsfolk had streamed home with almost military precision and now , as he watched from his second floor window , the lights in the surrounding cottages winked out one by one and within seconds the streets were dark . 
 `` in their beds a-snoozing , '' said the reporter , remembering the cabbie 's odd remark . 
 he made his way downstairs and out onto the sidewalk where , hands in his pockets and shivering , he looked up the street to the mountain that loomed over town . 
 the reporter 's eyes travelled up the spine of the hill and settled at the top where a full moon cast the snowcapped peak in eerie silvers and blacks . 
 as he stared up at the reputed home of the zombie killer , he noticed something moving , little more than a spec on a blanket of white slipping down the mountain . 
 as he watched , the spec grew larger and its velocity increased and soon the vehicle was rocketing down the hillside at an impossible speed . 
 it eventually disappeared among the low evergreens , but before it did the reporter was able to identify the vehicle . 
 it was a sleigh , an enormous sleigh with great hewn timbers for skids . 
 before he could dwell on the improbable nature of the vehicle , the sleigh reappeared , careening down the street at the edge of town and skidding to a stop among the houses . 
 a man -- or so the reporter assumed -- dressed all in red , leapt off the sleigh and ran to the front of the vehicle where he unleashed a dog , the animal so small the reporter had n't noticed it at first . 
 the peculiar duo ran into the nearest cottage and for a moment all was still . 
 the panel chair held out a hand and the new hampshire senator passed the notebook to him . 
 after a few seconds of flipping pages he stopped and addressed the reporter . 
 `` i 'd like to read to you another passage from the notebook you recovered . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i believe it raises a significant point . '' 
 the senator squinted as he peered at the notebook , then began to read : `` and scraps to the dog , a zombie dog too , a mangy brown mutt with teeth that could chew through flesh and through bone and through gristly sinew a mélange of torn muscle , a cartilage stew . '' 
 the senator set the notebook aside and waited for the chamber to settle . 
 `` are you familiar with this passage ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said the reporter , `` i 've read the entire manuscript many times . '' 
 `` and can we infer from this that our killer had a dog , and that like the killer , it too was infected ? '' 
 `` from the notebook , from what i witnessed ... yes , i can say unequivocally , the dog was infected . '' 
 `` so would you then agree with the cdc 's position that the disease had spread beyond human boundaries and further , that the action of the military in this case , was justified ? '' 
 the reporter considered the two part question . 
 part one was easy ; the dog was infected , no question . 
 part two , that was a bit more troublesome . 
 `` i 'm not sure justified is the word i would choose . '' 
 the scream was loud , high-pitched , and of the ear-splitting variety . 
 the reporter took a step toward the home just as a small body crashed through an upstairs window and landed with a thud on the lawn . 
 it appeared to be missing an arm . 
 seconds later the man in the red suit tumbled out of the window , his body tangled with another creature who screamed as they fell . 
 the scream stopping abruptly as the pair crashed to the ground next to the unmoving child . 
 the man in red got to his knees , latched onto his victim 's throat , and began whipping his head back and forth like a terrier with a toy . 
 as the zombie 's exertions painted the snow with blood and gore , his dog leapt from the upstairs window and landed on the first victim where it went immediately to work , burying its maw in the young one 's fleshy belly . 
 `` help , '' cried the reporter , his voice so weak the plea sounded like a question . 
 as he was considering the advisability of intervening , the home 's door flew open and a man with a rifle appeared on the front stoop . 
 he yelled something at the zombie and charged forward , gun pointed like a spear toward the zombie and his dog . 
 the zombie stopped his lusty feasting and stood to face his attacker . 
 the man with the gun skidded to a halt , pointed the gun at the zombie 's head , and pulled the trigger . 
 there was a loud pop . 
 a cork , tied to the gun barrel with a string , bounced off the zombie 's skull . 
 the zombie batted the impotent weapon aside and wrapped his hands around the man 's throat . 
 the man 's arms pin wheeled as he fell back , and the zombie bit him full in the face as they dropped to the ground . 
 the dog , losing interest in his juvenile victim , trotted over , grabbed hold of the man 's arm , and with a single snap of its head , pulled the limb free of the body , spraying the snow with a shower of red . 
 `` help ! '' 
 screamed the reporter . 
 he looked around in disbelief as the wholly predictable slaughter went on unnoticed . 
 `` help ! '' 
 he screamed again , waving his arms and directing his shouts at the darkened cottages , determined to roust one of the a-snoozing citizens from their beds . 
 he ran to the door of the nearest home and started pounding , screaming for help , the police , anyone . 
 in response he got nothing , no sirens , no vigilante citizens , not so much as a light came on in the sleepy village . 
 `` where is everybody ! '' 
 he shouted at last . 
 his back to the door , he slid down and came to rest on the stoop crying with frustration . 
 one house away , the dog stopped gnawing on the severed arm and looked up , his furry muzzle as red as his owner 's suit . 
 the dog sniffed the air and began walking tentatively in the direction of the reporter . 
 he stopped at the edge of the yard , wagged his tail , and barked . 
 `` no , '' said the reporter in a stage whisper . 
 he tried to shoo away the miniature beast , waving an arm at the clueless dog . 
 the dog stopped wagging its tail and barked again , louder . 
 a hundred feet away the zombie stopped feeding and raised his head . 
 he held still for a moment , then slowly turned and spotted the reporter on the porch . 
 the reporter held his breath as the zombie , seeming in no particular hurry , got to his feet and began crossing the yard . 
 the reporter could hear the crunch of snow under the undead creature 's boots and then he heard something else too , a low guttural hum . 
 as the zombie continued his slow motion charge the hum grew louder . 
 the reporter looked to the horizon and spotted a light in the sky . 
 it was a helicopter , but not the one that dropped him off . 
 this one appeared bigger , faster , threatening . 
 undeterred by the sound of the approaching chopper , the zombie trundled on , his dog now at his side , closing in on the reporter . 
 the sound of the helicopter grew to an almost deafening level , its profile now clearly visible against the night sky . 
 the reporter was no military expert , but even he could see it was an attack helicopter , and it swung in low , dropped its nose , and followed the road toward town . 
 `` you understand , '' said the panel chair , `` that our role here is to determine if there is enough evidence to go forward with charges against the operation commander ? '' 
 the reporter nodded . 
 the senator took off his reading glasses and sighed . 
 `` after reading your deposition and hearing your testimony , i have to say i do n't understand . 
 it seems clear to me that the disease was a grave threat to the population at large . 
 would you agree ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' said the reporter . 
 he knew where this was headed , and he knew just as certainly he would n't agree with the conclusion . 
 they were n't there . 
 `` and as it was the infection was confined to an isolated region and it was likely the region was , or would soon be , completely compromised . 
 now my heart goes out to these people , this village , but a decision was made at the highest levels of government to go forward with the operation . 
 the commander was following orders which he believed ethical and given the circumstances , reasonable . '' 
 the reporter shook his head . 
 `` reasonable ? '' 
 `` this thing could have wiped out the human race , '' said the senator . 
 `` they had to be sure . '' 
 the reporter hopped off the stoop and away from his would-be attacker . 
 he made it around the corner of the house just as the gunfire started , the street exploding as 50 caliber rounds carved a path toward the town . 
 the chopper roared past , and the zombie and his dog disappeared into a cloud of smoke and icy debris . 
 as the sound of the engine faded , the reporter chanced a look back and saw what remained of the undead duo , cut to pieces by the chopper 's guns . 
 over his shoulder the reporter could hear the sound of the helicopter grow louder as it turned for another run . 
 the gunfire erupted again , but this time the fire was directed at the town itself . 
 buildings exploded , flames shot skyward , and citizens raced screaming into the street . 
 the reporter watched in horror , as the guns swept back and forth across the town , cutting down its inhabitants in their tracks . 
 he ran away from the main street , even as more creatures ran into the middle of the street itself waving their arms at the gunship as it thundered by , 50 calibers blazing . 
 they were doomed . 
 though the reporter would ultimately be ` extracted ' , the creatures themselves were doomed . 
 they seemed more confused than frightened , unable to comprehend the idea that they were being slaughtered . 
 the chopper made another run , then another , incinerating the little village and cutting apart its citizens . 
 as the reporter watched he composed a verse , couplets never put to paper , and something he 'd forget once the horror of the moment passed . 
 `` and through the night air the chopper it raced cutting people to ribbons , to powder , to paste and on the ground meekly , mere lambs to its fury the villagers they vanished , in a blink , in a hurry . '' 
 ___________________________________ x-mas story everything that was supposed to be in a town square was there ; storefronts with brick facades and plate glass windows , lampposts strung with multi-colored lights , a 40 foot christmas tree , cars by the hundreds -- packards , fords , the occasional edsel . 
 banners were strung across the road announcing the yearly bacchanalia that was a midwest christmas . 
 the entire scene reeked of 1950 's americana , but a closer examination revealed a more sinister tableau . 
 the cars were not parked so much as abandoned . 
 the store windows were smashed and glass littered the sidewalks in great glittering piles . 
 at night the storefronts and streetlamps and christmas lights remained dark . 
 and then there were the bodies ... nobody listens to a kid -- no adults anyway . 
 mostly we live on a plane they fail to recognize , whirling dervishes of incipient irritation existing just below their collective line of sight , only noticed if we raise a hand , or tug on a skirt , or break a lamp . 
 normally this lack of awareness serves both worlds well , leaving kids to their tree houses , snowball fights , and stickball games , while adults are free to pay the bills , prepare the dinners , and gripe about the politicians -lrb- most of whom make careers of -- primarily -- aggravating my old man -rrb- . 
 but three weeks ago , in hammond indiana -- epicenter for the event , as it came to be known -- this communicational dysfunction may have been what allowed the plague to gain hold . 
 when something like the event happens , kids , with their keen observational skills and readiness to accept things rational adults can not , are the first line of defense , the canaries in the coal mine . 
 when no one 's listening to the canaries , however ... cleveland street was deserted , as was every street . 
 most hours , the only signs of life were also harbingers of death ; hounds roaming the neighborhoods and turkey vultures circling in the sky . 
 with barely a breath of wind to disturb the trees that lined the streets , it seemed the event had changed even the weather . 
 it was at night , though , when things got active . 
 they had learned to stay out of sight during daylight hours , their slow awkward gate making them easy pickings for snipers nested in the upper floors of the homes up and down the street . 
 though the snipers had eventually fled , the instinct to avoid the light remained with the creatures . 
 when they came , usually in groups of ten or more , there was no mistaking the sound ; the scrape and shuffle of feet , guttural grunts and groans , a haphazard parade of corpses eerily quiet except for when they fed , or were about to feed . 
 of course the victims made noise too ... the first sightings were widely reported and widely ignored , kids running home from school to tell their parents they 'd spotted corpses fresh from the grave staggering around local cemeteries . 
 most adults assumed it was just wandering drunks , or older kids playing pranks , or that the stories were part of some larger strategy to maneuver parents into buying kids bb guns for christmas . 
 then the aimless wandering gave way to blind , inexorable hunger , and then the feeding started . 
 when my old man first heard the rumors , he was quick to hop on the believers ' bandwagon . 
 though it was never clearly articulated , he harbored a vague suspicion that the wandering ghouls were the result of a conspiracy involving the politicians , the media , and -- strangely -- the owners of the chicago white sox . 
 the night the stories reached our cozy hovel on cleveland street , we mustered around the living room radio and he barked out orders . 
 my little brother was to stand post at our upstairs bedroom window , my mother was on kp , and my father was going to head to the basement to gather armaments . 
 realizing i 'd somehow been left without a duty in our defense of home and hearth , my mother leaned down and gently told me to go help my father . 
 now it had never been suggested i help my old man with anything before , least of all to gather guns and knives to stave off invading hoards of the undead . 
 eyes wide with excitement , i followed my father to the basement . 
 he was halfway down the cellar stairs when he turned back and asked what i was doing . 
 `` mom said i should help , '' i told him . 
 conventional wisdom held that the undead were ravenous automatons , incapable of thought beyond the blind need to feed . 
 as the siege wore on , though , the undead mobs demonstrated thinking that was more than mere instinct ; they were territorial , moved in packs , and once together they tended to rally around one or two of their number . 
 they were capable of , if not strategy , certainly self-preservation . 
 cleveland street was home to over a dozen zombies , an ad hoc collective that spent the daylight hours pacing the aisles of a local grocery . 
 at night they moved out in search of prey , prey that was growing ever more elusive and scarce . 
 the undead ranks swelled and shrank , a semi-transient membership , but throughout their evolution one thing remained constant : their leader . 
 wild eyed , beard stained with the blood of his kills , tattered pants hanging over his black rubber boots , he took the point in every attack and held sway over his undead peers . 
 he was the big man . 
 ask any 12 year old boy what he wants for christmas and you 'll get the same answer : a bb gun . 
 it 's reflexive , instinctive , the result of hours spent listening to the radio or reading boy 's life , all the while bombarded with images of range-riding cowboys toting winchester rifles . 
 dig a little deeper though , and you realize kids view a bb gun as a stepping stone . 
 that 's the hidden truth behind bb gun mania . 
 show me a kid pointing a daisy rifle at a tin can , and i 'll show you a kid imagining he 's firing a thirty aught six into the hide of an attacking grizzly . 
 up until that night in the basement with my father , i 'd assumed the only thing keeping me from laying my hands on the old man 's twelve gage or his m1 carbine was my age , but then i discovered a more practical concern stood in my way : real guns were heavy . 
 as my old man fished his home defense cache out of the cedar chest and loaded the loot into my arms , i struggled under the growing weight of the weaponry . 
 ultimately , the carbine fell from the top of the pile , struck the floor , and went off . 
 my four letter expletive was covered by the blast of the rifle and the subsequent ringing in our ears . 
 still , over the diminishing echoes of the shot , i could hear my mother , in the kitchen , scream . 
 `` oops , '' i said . 
 before the event , christmas eve meant families huddled together around the warm glow of a fire , wrapping presents , drinking eggnog . 
 it meant parents hustling their children to bed , kids pulling covers over their heads , feigning sleep while they listened for the clatter on the roof , or the sound of heavy footsteps in the living room , or the rustle of paper as a gift was placed under the tree . 
 the plague changed everything . 
 now christmas eve meant utter , impenetrable silence . 
 it meant deserted neighborhoods , and dark houses , and on cleveland street it meant a 12 year old boy alone , barricaded in his living room , trusty m1 carbine by his side , waiting . 
 after i shot my mother all hell broke loose . 
 my father took to the stairs and was into the kitchen before the gunshot had stopped echoing in the basement . 
 i followed , my concern for my mom somewhat mitigated by the certainty i was about to receive punishment of unprecedented proportions . 
 when i got to the kitchen , my mother was sitting on the floor holding her foot while my father cradled her from behind and whispered in her ear . 
 it was a tender moment , except for the blood . 
 my little brother , abandoning his post at the upstairs window , ran down to the kitchen and upon seeing my mother on the floor , began to wail . 
 my mother put a finger to her lips to shoosh him , and when that did n't work my old man fixed him with a glare and shouted for him to `` shad-up ! '' 
 wisely , my little brother took it down a notch , reducing his crying jag to sniveling and whimpering fit . 
 my father , the general once again , ordered me to stand guard while he and my little brother took my mother to the hospital . 
 after a few minutes of logistical maneuvering -- my little brother struggling into his snowsuit , my mother struggling to her feet -- my father whisked my mother into his arms and walked out the front door like a overanxious bridegroom . 
 my little brother , still whimpering , followed . 
 it was the last i ever saw of them . 
 they had n't been this far down cleveland street since that first night , when they 'd been turned back by the gunfire of vigilant home owners . 
 tonight there was no gunfire and there was not a resident to be found . 
 even the dogs were gone , the dozen or so hounds that had howled from their pens the night of the attack having been either eaten or driven away . 
 the big man stood at the head of the pack , beard gone red with gore , hat long since vanished , once snug suit hanging loose over skeletal shoulders . 
 as he staggered past the house with the empty dog pens he stopped and turned , nose in the air , and then strayed off the road and across the sidewalk . 
 his posse of undead carnivores followed . 
 that first night , after my parents had abandoned me to fates and the four winds , i took my old man 's carbine and stood guard at the front window . 
 though the kid part of me had always believed in the danger of marauding mobs bent on death and destruction , the gradually emerging adult in me -- the one holding the carbine -- was having trouble coming to terms with the idea . 
 i was still struggling with these emerging existential issues when i saw what seemed a hundred of the undead coming down our street . 
 by the time they reached the first lamppost the gunfire started . 
 the pack dispersed , some falling to the pavement , others veering through yards and crawling over fences , and within minutes they were gone . 
 tonight they were back . 
 i saw them only in the shadows at first , a dozen or so menacing figures staggering through the twilight . 
 as they approached the last working streetlamp on cleveland street , i found myself trying to identify them , who they were -- or had been -- fearing all the while i 'd spot a friend , or a teacher , or worst of all my own mother and father following a final , dying ember of human instinct back to their front porch . 
 i scanned the pack , desperately searching , the figures growing more distinct as they passed under the light , and then i saw him ; the unmistakable red suit , the cuffs pink with blood , crazy eyes , lips pulled back over jagged teeth . 
 he was the man , the connection ... santa . 
 as they approached the house , they formed a single line behind their putative leader . 
 they filed by the empty dog pens , only weeks before filled with mangy , barking hounds . 
 they approached the porch , its steps covered in snow , a fine blanket of white crystal blown over the weathered mahogany showing not a foot print or shovel track to indicate anyone alive in the home . 
 the smell though , that was what drew them in , the blood stink of a living breathing human . 
 as the leader mounted the steps , the rest of his pack grew excited . 
 jaws snapping , heads rolling , they began to jostle for position as they made for the door . 
 it had never occurred to me to wonder how many rounds the old man 's m1 carbine held . 
 i was accustomed to my bb gun , useless though it now was , which held a seemingly endless supply of .177 caliber pellets . 
 now , with over a dozen zombies marching across the porch , the number of shots i had seemed a particularly relevant statistic . 
 i knew once i started firing i could not stop until i 'd put a slug into every undead brain or until i 'd run out of bullets , and the thought of pulling the trigger only to have my efforts rewarded with an impotent ` click ' was , in a word , terrifying . 
 still , with the leader rattling the front door and sure to make his way inside , i had little choice . 
 i got behind the living room couch , braced the gun on the head rest , and pointed the carbine toward the front door . 
 a lot had happened in the last seven days . 
 i 'd been abandoned by my parents , attacked by an undead mob , and basically had the very fabric of my 12 year old world ripped out from under me like a metaphysical table cloth trick , but the sight of a blood drenched santa claus breaking down the front door and charging into the house , that was too much for my fragile mind to handle . 
 i froze , finger hovering over the trigger , gun pointed at the intruders , and before i could recover enough to get off a shot , santa vanished down the front hall . 
 as the rest of the undead mob advanced , i recovered my senses enough to start pulling the trigger . 
 it was easy . 
 the pack moved slowly and did n't seem to sense any danger as one by one i dropped them to the floor . 
 i counted my shots , and when i was down to the last two zombies , i chanced a look around , trying to see where their leader had gone . 
 my last encounter with that department store fraud was still fresh in my mind , his boot on my forehead as he admonished me about my bb gun dream and then sent me tumbling down a two story slide . 
 i 'd be lying if i said i did n't relish the opportunity to send a hot slug through his dismissive undead skull . 
 i finished off the last of the zombies , and a dozen of them now lay in a tangled pile on the foyer floor . 
 breathing heavily , ears ringing from the fusillade of lead i 'd unleashed , i stood and surveyed the room . 
 for a second i thought santa had made good his getaway , lurching off into the darkness to fight another night . 
 then i saw him . 
 he stepped out of the kitchen , eyes locked on me as i cowered behind the couch . 
 he began walking , slowly , across the foyer , past his undead posse . 
 calmly , i raised the carbine and looked down the barrel , the front sight firmly on the big man 's blood crusted forehead . 
 `` now you get yours , '' i said . 
 i exhaled and squeezed the trigger . 
 click . 
 the big man charged . 
 the ancient oldsmobile rocketed down cleveland street its headlights on the snow packed road setting the night ablaze with white . 
 the brake lights flashed and the oversize sedan began fishtailing as it slowed . 
 the driver whipped the wheel left and the car bumped over the curb , across the lawn , and skidded to a cockeyed halt on the driveway . 
 with the engine still running the driver leapt from the car and ran to the porch , clutching a shotgun and screaming ... `` no good dirty sniggle fritz bastages ! '' 
 it was my father , seeding the night air with one of his signature , profanity laced tirades as he tore across the porch . 
 to this day i 've never heard anything more beautiful . 
 as i stared over the barrel of my carbine at the raging , blood-lusting santa , my old man burst through the door and raised his shotgun . 
 there was an explosion and a flash of light and santa dropped to the floor . 
 my father stood in the doorway , gun in hand , undead hoard at his feet , cast in silhouette by the headlights of the still idling olds . 
 in that moment he appeared larger than life , my old man the protector , ready to vanquish any ghoul or stalker of the night that threatened his family . 
 slowly , i got up from behind the couch . 
 without a word my father walked over , looked me up and down and nodded . 
 i smiled at what was from my old man a gesture of purest approval . 
 he patted my shoulder then looked to the couch where i 'd laid his m1 . 
 he picked it up and turned it over , checking the chamber and clip . 
 `` got ta be careful with this , '' he said . 
 i looked past him to the head shot corpses and blood spattered floor . 
 `` careful ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said with a sly smile , `` you do n't want to shoot your eye out . '' 
 ___________________________________ bloodthirsty zombie rampage on 34th street `` how drunk ? '' 
 he asked . 
 they were the first words out of her boss 's mouth after she told him . 
 `` what do you mean how drunk ? '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 `` too drunk . 
 too drunk to go on . '' 
 he looked past her to the subject of their discussion , a man in a santa suit bracing himself against a wall and staring at the ground like he 'd lost a contact . 
 he may have been standing over a pool of his own vomit , but the boss did n't look any closer . 
 he did n't want to know that badly . 
 `` i do n't see where we have any choice in the matter . '' 
 the woman 's expression , icy cold , did n't falter . 
 `` neither , '' she said , `` do i. '' `` listen , '' he put his hands on her shoulders , `` so he 's had a bit to drink . 
 if it does n't stop our esteemed senator from taking the floor , i do n't see where it ... '' he halted his weak defense when the santa in question toppled over . 
 `` oh good christ . '' 
 he pulled his hands back and dusted them off on his pants . 
 `` why me ? 
 at the eleventh hour no less . '' 
 `` we 're just going to have to get someone to replace him . 
 there must be someone , someone else you interviewed for the position . '' 
 `` there was one , but ... '' `` but what ? 
 he did n't look the part , have a beard , speak english ... '' `` no , no , nothing like that . 
 it 's just that he . . 
 well , he gives every indication that he ... '' the boss looked around and motioned her forward . 
 `` the man 's perfect , '' he said , keeping his voice low , `` fits the part to a t . 
 it 's just that he thinks he 's actually ... '' he looked around again , then leaned in and whispered in her ear . 
 she gasped . 
 `` is he dangerous ? '' 
 her boss shrugged . 
 `` not if he 's been fed . '' 
 she looked at the santa sprawled on the sidewalk . 
 `` well , like you said , we have no choice . '' 
 the new man worked , barely . 
 they cleaned him up a bit -lrb- including the beard -- a grisly task -rrb- and strapped him into the faux sleigh where he sat obediently as it was wheeled by thousands of screaming spectators . 
 they could n't get him to wave exactly . 
 mostly he just held out his arms and bobbed them at the crowd , but no one seemed to notice . 
 and he did really look the part . 
 when the woman got home she was ready to kick off her heels , pour herself a drink , and settle in front of the tv . 
 she did n't even care if it was on . 
 she was met at the door by her daughter , though , who immediately scuttled the plan . 
 their neighbor was over -- a fastidious man who the woman pegged as a bit of a momma 's boy -- and the daughter had invited him to dinner . 
 the woman did n't fight her on it , chiefly because it would give her a chance to discuss her concerns about the neighbor 's unsupervised visits with her 10 year old daughter . 
 while the maid prepared the dinner , the girl drifted over to watch the last of the parade reel by the window . 
 `` there goes santa , '' she said . 
 as she watched , the santa leaned down and snatched what looked like a baby from one of the spectators . 
 it appeared he was about to give it a kiss when the girl 's view was blocked by a passing balloon . 
 `` he 's much better than last year . 
 at least this one 's not wearing glasses . '' 
 the mother told her the man was a last minute substitute and not only was he not wearing glasses , he was n't intoxicated . 
 `` remember the janitor last new year 's eve ? '' 
 she did n't mention the santa 's delusions -- it did n't seem relevant , and besides , once the parade was over they 'd never see him again . 
 about that , of course , she 'd been very , very wrong . 
 `` he 's stupendous . '' 
 it was her boss , and he was all wound up about the new santa . 
 everyone loved him , he said , the kids , the parents , even the owner of the store . 
 `` the owner ? '' 
 the owner was an icon , a rich industrialist type who 'd gone into retail and never left . 
 if he was taken with the new santa , there was no getting rid of him , no matter how deranged he was . 
 her boss assured her he understood the risks and he 'd taken precautions , extra security , regular feedings , etc. . 
 the woman held the phone to her ear and rubbed her temples , something she 'd been doing a lot lately . 
 what a wonderful life she 'd carved out for herself . 
 at home she had an alcoholic janitor and a neighbor with questionable sexual proclivities , and now at work she had this . 
 she hung up , but not before she 'd repeated what had become her mantra . 
 `` we do n't have a choice . '' 
 the line to see santa stretched all the way past housewares to men 's clothing . 
 she smiled as she made her way down the aisle , nodding hellos to the parents and their eager children . 
 when she rounded the corner and got her first peek at the ersatz throne she gasped . 
 sitting in santa 's lap was her daughter , and not just sitting , but tugging on his beard . 
 santa gazed at the girl like a drug addled schizoid , and though he seemed docile enough , it was still terrifying . 
 standing to the side was their neighbor , looking on with clueless affection . 
 the woman picked up her pace , trying not to draw attention to herself as she made way to rescue her daughter . 
 when the neighbor saw her approaching his expression faltered momentarily . 
 `` really , '' he said , `` there 's a simple explanation for this . 
 the maid sprained her ankle and i took your daughter here to see you . '' 
 ignoring the neighbor 's excuses , she plucked her daughter from santa 's lap . 
 it was bad enough to have her in the grasp of a delusional lunatic , but she 'd been brought to the store by her potentially predatorial neighbor . 
 the mother was starting to question her abilities as a parent . 
 leaving her alone in that apartment building for the day ? 
 why not just toss her off a yacht without a life jacket . 
 `` his beard is real , mother . '' 
 `` yes dear , '' she leaned down to speak to her daughter , `` a lot of men have long beards like that . 
 it does n't mean that he 's really santa claus . '' 
 `` oh , '' said the daughter , `` i know that . 
 he 's not santa . 
 he 's a ... '' `` in the future , '' the mother straightened and spoke to her neighbor , `` i 'd appreciate it if you 'd just call and let me take care of it . '' 
 the little girl tugged on her mother 's dress . 
 `` but mother , he 's not santa he 's a ... '' the mother ignored her daughter and continued to lecture their neighbor . 
 the daughter turned to watch santa who now had a little dutch girl in his lap . 
 the dutch girl 's nanny was speaking to santa who paid no attention , eyes fixed instead on a doll the little girl was clutching to her chest . 
 he pried the doll from the girl 's hands and bit off its head . 
 `` i told her , '' said the nanny , oblivious , `` that you would n't be able to speak to her , but she insisted . '' 
 the little girl , undisturbed by the decapitation , pulled the headless doll from santa 's grasp and began singing in dutch . 
 the cheerful melody caught the attention of santa who was now transfixed by the softly crooning child in his lap . 
 as the song reached a refrain , the little girl lifted a hand and pointed her finger , wagging it along with the tune , inches from santa 's nose . 
 his mouth fell open and a mangled , saliva soaked doll 's head rolled out and down his beard . 
 the girl kept singing and pointing , her finger dancing in front of santa 's gaping maw like bait . 
 `` a phone call is all i ask , '' said the mother , concluding her lecture to the neighbor . 
 there was a high pitched shriek and all eyes turned to santa and the dutch girl . 
 the girl 's hand still hovered in front of his mouth , but the finger had vanished , a flash of bone and knuckle in its place , blood pulsing from the severed digit . 
 `` oh now what , '' said the mother . 
 once the paramedics had hustled the dutch girl out of the store and cleaned up the santa 's beard , the procession of greedy children resumed . 
 situation under control , the mother sat with her daughter at the store 's deli counter , the two of them sharing an ice cream sundae . 
 `` but mother , '' said the girl , `` that 's what i was trying to tell you . 
 santa is a zombie . '' 
 the mother dispensed a tolerant smile . 
 `` sweetie , just because someone eats a dutch girl 's finger and bites the heads off dolls ... '' `` it 's not just that . 
 he drools , and his teeth are pointy , and his breath is real bad . 
 and he never talks . 
 he just moans . '' 
 `` honey , i speak french and lead an occasional skirmish against the english . 
 that does n't make me joan of arc . '' 
 the girl opened her mouth to argue , but her mother filled it with a spoonful of vanilla chocolate swirl . 
 while the daughter dealt with an impending brain-freeze , the mother 's boss took a seat at the table . 
 `` oh dear , oh dear , oh dear , '' he said . 
 `` what 's the news ? '' 
 asked the mother . 
 `` well , could be worse . '' 
 `` oh , i doubt that . 
 we 've got an undead santa , and now that he 's bitten someone , we 've got her to deal with . 
 has she turned ? '' 
 `` we got a bit of a break there , really , '' said the boss . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 `` oh thank god . '' 
 the mother took a sip of her soda . 
 `` i thought we were going to have to find her a job too . '' 
 `` thank goodness it was a dutch girl , '' said the boss , `` an orphan no less , but next time who knows . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' said the mother . 
 `` i think it 's time we had a closer look at our star attraction . '' 
 `` we 've already had him in to see the psychiatrist . 
 he said our santa 's probably mildly autistic . '' 
 `` probably ? '' 
 `` well , yes , he did say it was possible he was a zombie . 
 but either way , we ca n't fire him -- labor law 's on his side i 'm afraid . 
 we 'd have to retrain him , and i do n't know about you , but i ca n't think of a single useful thing an aging , overweight zombie can do for us . '' 
 `` so we strap him to a chair in a red suit and let him listen to greed stricken preschoolers read their christmas wish lists ? '' 
 the boss shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see that we have a choice . '' 
 christmas eve . 
 the store bustled with last minute shoppers . 
 overburdened clerks settled disputes and rang up orders , and on the store 's second floor a parade of scheming children marched through santa 's workshop , dropping one by one onto the zombie 's lap to make final desperate pleas for their christmas swag . 
 standing post behind a cardboard sleigh , the mother looked on , fingers crossed . 
 it 's almost over , she thought . 
 just a couple more hours and they can send zombie-santa packing . 
 unfortunately , with the finish line in sight , she 'd neglected santa 's last feeding , his hourly ration of mammals procured from the neighborhood pet store . 
 the first sign of trouble was when santa started getting agitated and bucking in his mock throne . 
 he 'd already toppled a pair of toddlers off his lap when he finally worked free of the patent leather belt lashing him to the chair and got to his feet . 
 with a low growl he staggered around the toy department , bent over at the waist with arms extended , making sweeping grabs at the screaming children who skittered about just below his grasp . 
 as parents collected their charges and retreated , the santa grew frustrated and turned on his handlers , a pair of security guards dressed as elves . 
 he attacked and the three men tumbled to the ground , santa taking a bite out of one man 's forearm and the other 's thigh before a couple passing policemen managed pry them apart . 
 within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and whisked them away , leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake . 
 `` oh dear , oh dear , oh dear , '' said the boss who 'd appeared in mid-ruckus . 
 he looked over the scene ; crying children , a toppled throne , the polished oak floor awash with blood and bits of flesh . 
 `` i believe we may have a lawsuit on our hands . '' 
 the mother looked at him . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 no one filed a lawsuit , not exactly , but the christmas eve debacle did end up in the courts . 
 zombie-santa 's case was picked up by the aclu and the nlrb , the latter contending that santa was not a zombie , but rather the victim of a rare blood disorder , and that he and the two elves he 'd ` turned ' were in fact an ad-hoc collective bargaining unit . 
 they accused the store of union busting when the store attempted to fire their undead trio , and the service employees international joined as a plaintiff in the case . 
 the trial drew national attention , with the store trying to prove santa was a zombie and union shills claiming otherwise . 
 `` this is going to be a disaster . '' 
 the man making the forecast was a middle aged judge . 
 he sat in his new york apartment with his handler , a gruff , cigar chomping politician . 
 `` i 'm going to recuse myself -- it 's the only way . '' 
 `` recuse yourself , nothing , '' said the handler , taking an unlit cigar from his mouth and poking the judge with it . 
 `` here you are running from this case when this thing could make you , make you big . 
 do you know what zombies do ? '' 
 the judge looked confused . 
 `` eat people ? '' 
 `` no , '' said the handler , `` they vote . '' 
 `` ... and turn other people into zombies , the ones they do n't eat . '' 
 the handler shook his head . 
 `` they turn other people into voters . 
 think of it : we unionize these mokes and you can write your own ticket . 
 all you have to do is side with the nlrb on this : those guys are not zombies . '' 
 `` but they are , they are zombies . '' 
 `` semantics , '' said the handler , `` you gon na let a quibble about terminology keep you from getting reelected ? '' 
 the judge glared back at him , indignant . 
 `` i 'm an honest man . 
 no one 's going to hold that against me . '' 
 `` honest , '' the handler shook his head . 
 `` mark my words , you side with the union on this one or you can kiss your reelection goodbye . '' 
 no one would take the case . 
 she tried a dozen firms , but with the city and the unions lining up on the other side , not a single attorney would step up to take the store 's position . 
 as the mother hung up the phone after a another fruitless call , she found her daughter tugging at her skirt . 
 `` but mother , you can let our neighbor take the case . 
 he 'll do it . '' 
 `` sweetheart , '' she said , growing a little irritated with her daughter 's pestering , `` our neighbor is not a lawyer . '' 
 at least she did n't think he was . 
 the truth was she did n't have a clue what the man did for a living , or when for that matter -- he was always around . 
 `` oh but he is , '' insisted the daughter . 
 `` he dresses in suits all the time and carries a briefcase and ... '' `` sweetie , '' said the mother , `` just because a man wears a suit , carries a brief case , and has questionable relationships with young girls , that does n't mean he 's a lawyer . '' 
 `` oh , but i am . '' 
 it was her neighbor , popping up at opportune times like always . 
 `` you are , '' said the mother , eyeing him with suspicion , `` and you 'd like to defend the store 's position that our santa is in fact a zombie ? '' 
 the neighbor smiled . 
 `` i 'd be delighted . '' 
 as it turned out , the trial 's first witness was also the trial 's last witness , the son of the plaintiff 's attorney , a freckle-faced boy with curly red hair , the kind of kid who looked like he should be wearing a ball cap or gigging frogs . 
 as it was he was seated in a leather chair , behind a wooden balustrade , in the venerable confines of an oak paneled , new york city courtroom . 
 the boy looked surprisingly comfortable in the austere setting . 
 the boy 's father did not . 
 `` so , '' said the neighbor and lead attorney for the store , `` you understand that you 're in a courtroom , and courtrooms are special places where you always tell the truth . '' 
 `` gosh , '' said the boy , eyes wide with sincerity , `` sure i do . 
 everybody knows you should always tell the truth . '' 
 the courtroom laughed in approval , and the attorney continued . 
 `` do you know what a zombie is ? '' 
 `` gee , sure i do , '' said the boy , then he pointed . 
 `` there 's one right over there . '' 
 the attorney tipped his head toward santa . 
 `` do you mean the man in the red suit chained to the chair ? '' 
 the boy nodded . 
 `` i mean santa . 
 he 's a zombie . '' 
 there was a little nervous laughter from the courtroom . 
 in the front row , the judge 's handler shot the judge a warning look . 
 `` and , do you know what zombies do ? '' 
 `` they eat people , '' said the boy , `` specially little kids . '' 
 the plaintiff 's attorney stood . 
 `` your honor , i object . 
 the witness has not been sworn as an expert . '' 
 `` yes , yes , that 's quite right , '' said the judge , a note of relief in his voice . 
 `` i 'll admonish council to restrict his examination to the facts . '' 
 the store 's attorney stepped to the bench . 
 `` i believe that 's why we 're here , your honor . 
 we believe it to be a fact that the man seated over there is a zombie , and further , that the court believes him one as well . '' 
 `` an outrageous assertion , '' said the judge . 
 `` unchain him then , '' said the attorney . 
 the suggestion caught the judge off guard . 
 he and his handler exchanged looks , and the judge cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'll do no such thing . '' 
 `` if this is an employment hearing , and you do n't think the man 's a danger , unchain him . 
 if you choose not to do so i move the case be dismissed ; prima facie -- he 's a zombie . '' 
 the courtroom spectators gasped and began speaking in hushed tones , the volume of the conversations increasing until the judge pounded his gavel to gain control . 
 when the court was once again silent he spoke . 
 `` after some consideration , '' he said , voice somber , `` the court has decided to honor the request . 
 bailiff , please uncuff the defendant . '' 
 spectators shifted in their chairs . 
 those seated nearest the defendant 's bench began standing and moving to the back of the room . 
 the bailiff made his way to santa , removed the cuffs that secured him to the chair , and backed quickly away . 
 then nothing happened . 
 the judge stared for a moment , no doubt expecting chaos , then turned his attention back to the store 's attorney . 
 `` continue , please . '' 
 dumbstruck , the attorney looked from the witness back to santa , wondering what was keeping him in his chair . 
 santa stared into space , eyes glazed , a spot of drool in his beard . 
 `` all right , '' said the attorney , then threw up his hands . 
 `` i have no further questions . '' 
 the judge dismissed the boy , who stood and walked toward the aisle between the defendant and plaintiff 's tables . 
 he smiled at his father as he passed , but the smile disappeared as behind the attorney santa got to his feet . 
 seeing the fear in his boy 's eyes , the attorney turned and caught santa just as he lunged for the boy . 
 santa opened his mouth and latched onto the attorney 's nose , closing his jagged teeth on gristle and bone . 
 the attorney howled and pulled away , leaving a gory hole where his nose had been and at the same time exposing his neck to the blood crazed santa . 
 from the bench , the judge watched , gavel in hand , too horrified to strike it . 
 the bailiff drew his gun and closed on the santa as the attorney 's cries turned to gurgling and then silence as santa ripped out his throat . 
 the store 's attorney , standing a safe distance from the mauling , pointed to the santa and repeated his assertion . 
 `` your honor , '' he shouted , `` that man is a zombie ! '' 
 `` well , '' said the judge , as the bailiff put a bullet in the rampaging santa 's head , `` hard to argue with that . '' 
 ___________________________________ home and almost alone he supposed he could n't really blame his parents . 
 or for that matter , his creepy older brother . 
 or his completely clueless sister . 
 or his dorky little cousins . 
 or his aunt , or uncle , or whoever . 
 and besides he sort of liked being alone , at least at first . 
 once the panic of discovering his family had abandoned him subsided , he realized he had the place to himself ; snacks anytime he wanted , tv to any channel , and no room in the house off-limits . 
 as his buzz-cut brother would have said , `` it 's all good . '' 
 the first few hours were a blur , playing with his father 's shaving gear , having pop tarts and ho-ho 's for lunch , perusing his parent 's vcr tape collection -lrb- he settled on a violent gangster flick -rrb- . 
 but as darkness fell he sensed a chill in the house and understood it was n't just the dropping temperature outside that had him so cold . 
 he was n't lonely , but he was definitely alone . 
 he went around the house leaving every light on in his wake . 
 okay , they knew they 'd left him behind by now , so why had n't anyone called , or sent around a neighbor , or if nothing else , why had n't they made a call to the police ? 
 he was just a little kid after all . 
 hanging out at home without his parents ? 
 what if the heat went off -lrb- it was already sort of cold and he was n't quite sure how to make it warmer . -rrb- 
 , or what if the power went out ? 
 there were like a zillion bad things that could happen , all sorts of trouble he could get into ; there was the pistol in his dad 's nightstand drawer , there was his brother 's bb gun , there was the gas stove in the kitchen that could blow up the house . 
 also , there were zombies . 
 he did n't know too much about them because his parents made him leave the room whenever there was a story about it on the news . 
 his older brother claimed their derelict neighbor -- an old guy with a scraggly beard and kind of wild eyes -- was a zombie . 
 so far , though , the boy had n't seen him eat anyone , so he was pretty sure that was a lie . 
 still , he 'd seen stories in the paper , and he heard other kids talking , and he knew the zombies were mostly in the distant suburbs , little farm towns with names he did n't recognize . 
 tonight though , alone in the house , looking out over snow-packed streets , the neighborhood dark and deserted , tonight the distant suburbs did n't seem all that distant . 
 his parents ' bed was huge . 
 as he lay in it covered with this big fluffy quilty-thing they called a comforter he felt like he was floating on his back in a pool . 
 it took him a while to warm up , but once he did , he drifted off to sleep . 
 when he was jolted awake two hours later the bedside clock read 2:15 am . 
 he shrunk under the covers , the oversize bed suddenly making him feel very small . 
 it was a scream . 
 he was sleepy and a little confused and he tried to tell himself it was a dream or it was just a dog barking , or like that , but he knew that was n't true . 
 for one thing , once a dog barked , it usually barked again . 
 and again , and again , until his dad made an anonymous call to the police . 
 when somebody screamed , though , sometimes they did n't scream again . 
 sometimes they could n't scream again . 
 slowly , he peeled the comforter down below his chin and listened . 
 it was a quiet house in a quiet neighborhood , and it was the middle of winter , but tonight it was freaky quiet , dead quiet . 
 he slid himself out from under the covers and dropped his feet to the floor . 
 cold . 
 his bedroom was carpeted , but his parents ' was n't , and the wood floor made his toes curl when he hit it . 
 wincing from the frigid floorboards , he walked to the window and peered out . 
 except for a few streetlights the neighborhood was completely dark . 
 sure , it was really late at night , but even if it was n't most of his neighbors were out of town , spending the holiday with relatives , or in super christmas-y locations like paris , or london , or las vegas . 
 he put his face too close to the window and his breath fogged the glass . 
 he was about to reach out and wipe the window with his pajama sleeve when he saw them . 
 three houses down , close enough to the streetlight so he could see , two men staggered up the sidewalk toward his neighbor 's front door . 
 one was tall , the other really short , and they walked with their heads tilted to the side and dragging their feet . 
 they moved slow , so slow even the boy -lrb- one of the worst sprinters in his pe class -rrb- could have easily outrun them . 
 as the men approached the house , the front door flew open . 
 stepping out to face the two men was his neighbor , the scraggily beard guy . 
 the boy 's eyes widened and his cherubic mouth formed a perfect ` o ' . 
 zombies ! 
 maybe his brother was right , maybe the old guy was a zombie , maybe this was some kind of zombie meeting thing . 
 maybe they were going to get together and start searching the neighborhood for people to eat . 
 before the boy could think any more about it , the old man raised a gun toward his visitors and fired . 
 there was an explosion and a flash of light and the tall zombie 's shoulder snapped back . 
 as the zombie spun to the sidewalk , his partner staggered forward , arms extended toward the old man . 
 the old man cracked the gun in half and fumbled in his bathrobe pocket . 
 he put another round in the gun and snapped it closed just as the short zombie was on him . 
 the old man screamed , the pair tumbled to the ground , and the tall zombie crawled over to join the fray . 
 the boy exhaled , fogging the glass once again . 
 this time he did n't wipe it away . 
 he did n't want to see what was going on behind the cloudy window . 
 even so , he could hear it . 
 the old guy was screaming , long , blood curdling screams with a few words mixed in like ` no ' and ` stop ' . 
 after a few seconds the screams died out . 
 the boy was n't able to sleep again until it got light outside . 
 once he could make out the street signs and mailboxes and garden fences , he felt safe enough to leave his post at the window and crawl under the covers where he shivered with chill and fright until he fell asleep . 
 when he woke again it was almost noon . 
 he threw the comforter off and jumped to the floor . 
 he had work to do . 
 `` all right , '' he said aloud , finding the sound of his voice in the empty house comforting , `` they just ate , so they wo n't be trying anything right away . '' 
 he stepped to the window and looked toward his neighbor 's . 
 the bearded guy was lying on his front stoop . 
 mostly . 
 his head and arms were there , and the bathrobe , bloody , sagged in the middle where his stomach should have been . 
 a rubber boot stood upright on the sidewalk , and what looked like a hand was resting on the bushes . 
 the boy nodded . 
 `` he was a good man , dammit , '' he said , reciting a line from one of his brother 's favorite war movies . 
 `` but he was n't prepared . '' 
 with a salute toward his neighbor 's remains , the boy left the window and went to his room to get dressed . 
 he figured they 'd come for him at night , so he 'd have plenty of time if he needed it . 
 on the way to his room he picked up the hall phone to try the police again , but the phone was dead , same as it was last night . 
 `` on my own , '' he said , still channeling the war hero , `` just the way i like it . '' 
 it took him all day to set it up ; ropes , pulleys , tacks , nails , and broken glass . 
 he 'd balanced pails of oil over doors , slicked the cellar stairs with ice , even setup a zip line from his bedroom to the backyard tree house . 
 and , if all else failed , he had his dad 's gun . 
 he did n't know much about zombies , but he had the basics down -- shoot them in the head . 
 he figured the way those guys moved , all stiff and lurchy , it would n't be a problem . 
 it was just after 4:00 , with the sun disappearing over the horizon , when the boy , wearing a green t-shirt and his brother 's khaki pants rolled up at the ankles , stepped into the living room . 
 he walked to the window and pulled back the curtain . 
 the streets were empty , and glowed sort of red in the sunset . 
 he 'd heard his mom use the term ` rose colored glasses ' , usually when talking to his dad , usually when talking about their financial situation . 
 he did n't think the red outside was a rose-colored-glasses thing . 
 today he thought the red outside meant something else . 
 `` blood , '' he said , squinting his left eye and talking out of the side of his mouth . 
 he 'd hoped the gangster imitation would give him some confidence , but it wound up sounding kind of creepy . 
 he felt in his waistband for his father 's pistol . 
 it was so heavy he had to put on a belt to keep it from pulling his khaki 's down , and now the tip of the barrel was brushing low on his thigh making it a little hard to walk . 
 he shuffled to the front door , checked the locks , and moved toward the opposite side of the house , peeking out the window that faced the house of his dead neighbor . 
 it was getting dark fast , the red glow turning an ugly brown , and shapes blurring together . 
 he thought of checking the phones once again , but did n't want to leave his post . 
 besides , he was sure they 'd still be dead . 
 it was full dark out when he first saw them , two forms separating themselves from the shadows as they passed under the glow of a streetlight . 
 he had hoped the tall one had died after being shot , or had at least lost an arm , but no such luck . 
 the scary duo shuffled down the sidewalk looking pretty much the same as the night before . 
 they were moving slow , but still he did n't think he could shoot them from the window . 
 he 'd have needed one of those sniper 's rifles he 'd seen in war movies , something like his brother 's bb gun , but with bigger bullets . 
 heart racing , he pulled the pistol from his pants and rested it on the window sill . 
 he thought maybe they 'd pass his house , but when they drew within a hundred yards they turned . 
 once they were facing the window , they started moving faster , leaving the sidewalk and raising their arms in the direction they were travelling . 
 he could n't hear them , but he was pretty sure they were probably moaning or growling or something . 
 that was when it struck him : the lights . 
 he had every light in the house on because if felt safer , but now he realized the zombies could see him in there , crouched there behind the glass . 
 with a gasp , he pushed himself away from his post , ran around the room turning off lamps , and then fled to the family room at the other end of the house . 
 he hid behind the couch and within seconds he heard them at the front door , scratching and pounding as they tried to get in . 
 he closed his eyes , praying for them to go away . 
 after a few more seconds the pounding stopped . 
 he held his breath as he heard them crunching through the snow along the side of the house . 
 they were grunting and groaning as they went , sounding sort of mad , but not dangerous mad , more like the mad his teacher got when he asked too many questions . 
 they moved past the far window and turned the corner . 
 they were heading for the cellar door . 
 he popped up from behind the couch and raced across the room and then down the stairs to the basement . 
 he 'd left the cellar door unlocked so that once they 'd navigated the icy steps they 'd be able to get inside where he 'd be waiting . 
 he pointed his pistol at the door . 
 there was a loud meaty thud as one of the zombies hit the icy treads . 
 the other must have tumbled over top because something slammed into the door , rattling the glass . 
 there was lots of grunting , angry sounding , as they untangled themselves and tried to stand . 
 the short one got to his feet first , his dead eyes peering through the pane of glass in the door . 
 the tall one , using his partner 's shoulder for support , pulled himself up and stood behind his undead friend . 
 once they saw the boy they got excited , punching their arms through the glass , and letting out long wails of frustration as they tried to lunge and jerk their way through the door . 
 he watched for a minute or so until he decided they were trapped ; too much ice for traction , too solid a door to push through , and too stupid to use the knob . 
 he could probably shoot them right there , but they were so slow and dorky , he kind of wanted to let them in so he could see if any of his traps worked . 
 the word ` sadist ' was n't in the boy 's vocabulary , but he was certainly comfortable with the concept . 
 with a sigh he walked to the door , crouched below the pawing hands of the zombies , and turned the knob . 
 he backed carefully away as the zombies freed themselves from the door and pushed their way into the basement . 
 the tall one charged forward -lrb- more of a stumble , really , than a charge -rrb- and his foot tripped a string , which dropped a hanging bag of cement , which pulled a cinder block free of the basement rafters and sent it swinging on the end of a rope toward the tall zombie 's skull . 
 there was a satisfying crunch as the block caught the zombie full in the face and sent him flying back through the open cellar door . 
 `` yes , '' said the boy , with a celebratory fist pump . 
 seeming unconcerned with his partner 's fate , the short one staggered on , moving toward the boy . 
 after a few strides , he began to slip on a field of marbles scattered on the basement floor . 
 his feet shot out from under him and he landed back-first on a piece of plywood through which had been driven dozens of nails . 
 he stuck to the board like flypaper , and the boy could see where a few of the nails were poking out the other side of his arm and shoulder . 
 the coolest one , though , was the long nail -- a five-incher -- that had plunged through the zombie 's cheek and out his eye socket , the useless eyeball now balanced on the tip of the nail like a cocktail garnish . 
 `` awesome ! '' 
 said the boy . 
 luckily , neither the cinder block nor the nail board had killed the intruders , and after a struggle they got back to their feet and moved once again for the boy . 
 `` come get me , mr. zombie , '' he taunted , moving toward the stairs . 
 the zombies followed , and as they began to climb the short one tripped a wire which sent a band saw swinging down from the ceiling . 
 the saw sailed past the short one and caught the second one in the arm , severing it below the shoulder . 
 the boy , already at the top of the stairs , turned . 
 there was n't as much blood as he 'd hoped , but it was still pretty cool the way the arm flipped down the steps . 
 `` nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , '' he said , a stooges imitation he did n't understand but had heard from his brother . 
 he bounded up the stairs and into the living room where he turned and waited for his undead guests to join him . 
 as soon as the zombies moved across the threshold and into the foyer , he grabbed a string tacked to a dining room chair and pulled . 
 a pail of kerosene and oil balanced above the door tipped over and soaked the intruders , the volatile liquid stopping the zombies in their tracks . 
 `` mom tells me never to play with matches , '' said the boy , plucking a match out the box and striking it on the side . 
 he looked at the blazing stick and shrugged . 
 `` but my mom 's not here . '' 
 he tossed the match at the feet of the stunned zombies and they went up with a loud whoosh . 
 the zombies clearly had never heard of stop , drop , and roll . 
 instead it was more like stand , flail , and moan . 
 the flames ate away at their clothes as they swatted weakly at their charred and blistering flesh . 
 `` cool ! '' 
 said the boy , drawing the word out with bloodthirsty relish . 
 as the flames grew higher and the zombies became so charred that they were having trouble moving , he grabbed a fire extinguisher and blasted the pair with a cloud of co2 . 
 once the smoke cleared , the boy could see he 'd let them burn too long . 
 their faces were nothing more than charred meat and their hands were gone , their arms ending in blackened stumps . 
 their feet looked okay , and they still seemed able to move , but without sight or smell , it seemed they did n't know where to go . 
 he walked a slow circle around the zombies , waving a hand in front of his nose as he caught a whiff of burned flesh . 
 he was relieved to see the high ceilings and marble floor had sustained little damage , at least nothing that could n't be scrubbed away by their guatemalan housekeeper juanita -lrb- his mom would call her lolita , at least when his mom was drinking , and then laugh like it was n't really funny -rrb- . 
 this was good . 
 he could explain away the blackened remains of the undead visitors , but would be in serious trouble if he ruined his mom 's italian marble tile . 
 `` well fun is fun , '' he said , `` but done is done . '' 
 he smiled as he thought that sounded pretty cool , like something from a movie . 
 hoping to squeeze just a little more excitement out of his big adventure , he went into the living room , returned with a fireplace poker , and proceeded to smash the zombies ' knees with great , home run swings . 
 the tall one dropped right away and lay on the ground like a wind-up toy that had fallen over , legs scissoring as he spun a slow circle on the tile . 
 it took a few more swings to fell the short one -lrb- the boy was n't much of a ball player -rrb- who joined his partner on the floor . 
 he stood with the poker at his side watching the mindless writhing of his victims ' . 
 he was actually a little disappointed , as he did n't get to try out even half of his contraptions . 
 `` done is done , '' he said once again , then bashed each zombie in the head until they stopped moving . 
 he was still admiring his handiwork when the front door flew open and his mom stepped inside . 
 unknown to the boy , she 'd just escaped a moving van full of fat polka playing zombies and was in no mood for his shenanigans . 
 `` look at this mess ! '' 
 she shouted , hands on her hips . 
 then , looking at the floor , she gasped . 
 `` my tile ! '' 
 the boy dropped the poker . 
 `` mom , it 's not my fault . '' 
 `` yes , young man , '' she said , wagging a finger at him as she approached , `` it is your fault . 
 now you go to your ... '' her admonition was cut short as she tripped a wire stretched across the foyer and a dumbbell strung from the upstairs bannister swung down and struck her square in the head . 
 she tumbled to the floor , out cold , a trickle of blood staining the tile where her head struck . 
 `` nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , '' said the boy . 
 ___________________________________ frosty the undead snowman he was early . 
 he was always early ... what really burned his zombie ass was he knew he was early , remembered it the minute he 'd spun himself free of the grave and to the surface of the cemetery . 
 the plan was easter and here he was roaming the earth two days before christmas . 
 he 'd gotten his holidays confused , and once he got something lodged in his desiccated brain it was all hell to get it out . 
 going back under was n't an option -- it looked like his grave had been bored by a giant post-hole digger , something sure to be noticed -- and he had at least three more months before his undead posse joined the party . 
 his best bet , he thought , was to hide , a shallow grave approach ; piles of leaves in the forest , a bog , a marsh , wherever . 
 he just could n't stay in one place too long . 
 satisfied with his plan , he stumbled out of the graveyard and toward a nearby wood . 
 that was when the little girl spotted him . 
 `` he 's masquerading as a snowman , '' said the fairy , flitting from limb to limb on a snow flocked evergreen . 
 she had trouble sitting still under the best of circumstances . 
 these were not the best of circumstances . 
 `` i still do n't see where this is our problem , '' said her male counterpart , an unfriendly looking sprite -lrb- he of the nipping-at-the-nose fame , she known for tap-tap-tapping on the windowpane -rrb- . 
 `` the guy 's a fraud , sure . 
 but just because he decides to be a snowman ... '' `` he did n't decide it , '' said the fairy . 
 `` it was the little girl . 
 she dressed him up . '' 
 `` right the girl , '' said the sprite . 
 the fairy had told him the story earlier , but he ignored her . 
 she had this high pitched -- one could say shrill -- voice , and she was always flying around in that way she had , wand extended , toes pointed , pirouetting non-stop . 
 `` so some kid dresses him up in a hat and shoves a carrot up his nose . 
 how does that make it our issue ? '' 
 `` the little girl 's in danger , '' said the fairy , lighting from the limb and spinning a full circle for emphasis . 
 the sprite shook his head . 
 `` the girl 's got the iq of a haddock . 
 she 'll always be in danger . '' 
 there were three of them at the bar , three dwarves , two of whom the sprite took to be brothers , and the third a scary looking guy with a voice like a bassoon . 
 when the guy spoke it rattled the sprite 's brittle cage like a passing train . 
 they were ostensibly santa 's helpers , though he 'd never seen them near santa let alone helping . 
 mostly they drank . 
 a lot . 
 one of the brothers belched , the other slapped a mug of beer on the table . 
 `` so what 's in it for us ? '' 
 they sat in a bar frequented by fairies , someone pounding away at a piano while couples writhed on the dance floor . 
 the bar 's operators liked it when the sprite showed up , and they always sat him near the dance floor to keep things cool . 
 there were no ferns . 
 `` what 's ` in it ' for you has nothing to do with it , '' said the fairy . 
 she stood on the edge of the table , keeping her distance from the dwarves . 
 they were among the few creatures on earth who could stop her from spinning and tapping her wand . 
 the sprite was pretty sure one of them had tried to pull something with her , but she never talked about it . 
 `` it 's our duty to protect the children . '' 
 `` the children , '' said the third dwarf , mocking her in his basso profundo voice . 
 his cronies laughed and slapped hands . 
 `` she 's right , '' said the sprite . 
 he did n't really think she was right , but he did n't like the dwarves who clearly thought she was wrong . 
 it was n't exactly agreement , but it was close enough for him . 
 `` this kid is traipsing around with an undead snowman . 
 she 's putting herself in danger , and she 's putting other children in danger . 
 oh , and do n't look now , but if the gp figures out zombies are real , how long before they turn on us ? '' 
 the brother belched again , but with much less enthusiasm . 
 `` fine , '' he said , `` what do you suggest we do ? '' 
 `` a snowman ! '' 
 she clapped her mittens together and bounced on her toes as she stared up at him . 
 snowman ? 
 the zombie held perfectly still , assessing the situation . 
 he supposed he did n't look too close to human , and snow had packed itself around his rib cage and legs , his unbending knees and arms unable to shed the icy shroud . 
 still , it would take a somewhat demented optimist to see him as a snowman . 
 he chanced a look down at her . 
 behold , he thought , a child . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 here we go , thought the zombie , even this kid will eventually figure out that her snowman is actually a cavorting corpse , early for the apocalypse . 
 he needed to stall , but how ? 
 do snowmen talk ? 
 for that matter , do zombies talk ? 
 he could sort of feel there was some meat left in his throat , maybe a diminished vocal cord or two , but he was sure if he tried to speak it would come out garbled , a moan , or a growl , or some unfriendly aural disaster . 
 he stayed still . 
 `` oh , that 's okay , '' she said , bending over and packing more snow around his knees . 
 `` i have my own name for you . '' 
 and she did . 
 and she used it , constantly . 
 this irritated the zombie , but not enough to let on he was a flesh eating corpse , not yet anyway . 
 `` an intervention , '' said the fairy , leaving the table for a quick spin and dropping back down again . 
 `` an inter-what ? '' 
 asked one of the brothers . 
 `` she means we go in and help the kid out , '' said the sprite . 
 `` all we 've got to do is convince her that her friend is not a snowman . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 laughed one of the dwarves . 
 `` three dwarves a fairy and a sprite ? 
 you do n't think it might freak this kid out ? '' 
 `` this ` kid ' is playing house with a corpse she thinks is a talking snowman , '' said the sprite . 
 `` no , i do not think we 'll freak her out . '' 
 the third dwarf wrinkled his brow and nodded as he worked things over in his intoxicated brain . 
 `` so , if she 's got a hard on for this snowman zombie guy , how we going to convince her he 's not a snowman ? '' 
 `` we go and tell her , '' said the sprite , growing frustrated , `` take a hair dryer to the guy , i do n't know . 
 we 'll figure it out when we get there . 
 how hard could it be ? '' 
 the first dwarf , the one that looked the youngest of the three , sat back in his chair and sighed . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` i 've found that whenever anyone asks how hard it can be , the answer usually turns out to be hard . '' 
 he guzzled the last of his beer and slammed the mug on the table . 
 `` real friggin ' hard . '' 
 it was dark when the dwarves , the sprite , and the fairy came upon the little girl playing with her zombie . 
 they were in a meadow , half a mile from the cemetery . 
 she 'd managed to make a convincing snowman out of her undead friend . 
 she 'd packed snow on his face , shoved a carrot in his nose and placed a couple small black stones for eyes . 
 she 'd topped him off with a stove pipe hat , though where she came up with that particular sartorial flourish was unclear . 
 she danced circles around her friend , singing and clapping as she went , her purple scarf fluttering in the icy breeze . 
 the fairy , who 'd gone commando , pointed to her eyes and then to the ground where two sets of footprints led up to the zombie 's current location . 
 the girl had apparently gotten him to walk , and now was n't going to let a little darkness and cold end her day with the enchanted snowman . 
 the five of them exchanged glances and the third dwarf stepped forward . 
 `` hello there , '' he said , his deep voice sounding like something echoing through a canyon . 
 the little girl gasped and turned , and upon seeing the dwarf squealed with delight . 
 `` oh , '' she clapped , `` i knew you 'd come . '' 
 this revelation stunned the dwarf who had no idea what she was talking about . 
 he cleared his throat to cover the awkward silence and then continued . 
 `` why yes , of course we came . '' 
 he motioned back to his brothers , the sprite , and the fairy . 
 `` we 're here to , uh , help . '' 
 the five fairy tale creatures gathered around the girl and her snowman , the brothers staring at their feet , the sprite eyeing the zombie , and the commando fairy returning to form , spinning , tapping her toes , and whipping the phallic wand through the night air . 
 `` oh this is wonderful , '' said the girl clapping and doing some spinning of her own . 
 `` look at all my new friends . '' 
 at that point the sprite raised a hand . 
 the girl looked a bit startled by his movement . 
 he realized he was not as appealing as his peers , at least to a child . 
 he was the only one of his crew not originally designed as a holiday fantasy . 
 years before his image had been hijacked by christmas commercializers and , well , you got ta go where the work is . 
 `` you know sweetheart , your friend here , '' he pointed to the snowman , who to his credit remained stock still , `` he 's not really a snowman . '' 
 the girl laughed . 
 `` of course he is . '' 
 the fairy spun to a landing next to the sprite . 
 `` no , '' she said , her voice soft with sympathy , `` he 's not . '' 
 the girl , who 'd had her hands raised to clap , dropped her arms to her sides . 
 `` he 's not ? '' 
 she said . 
 she turned to look at the snowman and then back to the fairy . 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 the sprite looked to the ice covered zombie . 
 the rumor mill had been buzzing with reports of a potential zombie apocalypse that spring . 
 somehow this moron had gotten it wrong , way wrong . 
 `` he 's an imbecile , '' said the sprite . 
 `` im-be-cile ? '' 
 said the little girl . 
 `` right honey , '' said the fairy , swinging her wand , `` do you know what that word means ? '' 
 of course she knew what it meant . 
 her father used it all the time , sometimes when he talked about her , and sometimes about the politicians on tv , which was why she knew that someday she 'd be president . 
 `` yes , '' she said with an earsplitting grin . 
 the three dwarves crossed their arms and stared at the snowman . 
 `` a real friggin ' imbecile , '' said the third dwarf his deep tone shaking snow off the snowman 's stick-like arms . 
 the snowman , who 'd held his tongue , began shaking his head , snow rolling off his neck and brow . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 he shouted , or tried to . 
 it came out as a muffled grunt . 
 zombies , apparently , could not talk . 
 he reached up and knocked the hat from his head and pulled the carrot from his nose . 
 he charged forward , the last of the snow falling from his skeletal limbs . 
 as he closed on the little girl the fairy flitted over , hovered in front of his face , and flicked the wand at his nose . 
 the zombie darted a hand out and plucked the fairy from the air like a firefly . 
 there was a squeak of protest and he plunged her into his mouth . 
 even with a tongue as shriveled as a dried oyster he could taste her , a sour fairy tang that made him wince . 
 he chewed a few times to stop her from squirming . 
 with a cry of anger the sprite attacked , tackling the zombie at the waist , the pair tumbling to the frozen ground as fragile bones -- both the zombie 's and the sprite 's -- cracked and split . 
 the two rolled about , the zombie snapping at the air as it tried to catch a snatch of sprite flesh , the sprite punching impotently at the ribcage of the zombie . 
 `` oh hell , '' said the third dwarf . 
 he bent down and picked up a shard of ice that the fairy had shed as she was eaten , then walked to the battling creatures . 
 he held the shard up ready to stab , but the struggle was too intense for him to get a bead on the zombie 's skull . 
 seeing the problem , the other dwarves came over and wrestled the zombie to a standstill . 
 the dwarf plunged the ice dagger into the head of the zombie and the zombie was still . 
 with the little girl crying softly behind them , the two dwarves stood and joined their brother as he looked over the zombie and the sprite . 
 with a moan , the sprite picked himself off the forest floor and stood next the dwarves . 
 `` like i told you , '' said one of the dwarves , `` real friggin ' hard . '' 
 ___________________________________ zombie apocalypse , now cancel christmas ? 
 it seemed reasonable enough . 
 of course , that 's what a truly great crisis does , makes the most unthinkable of actions seem reasonable . 
 he stood at the gates of the compound , looking out over what was normally a vast expanse of white interrupted by the occasional stunted evergreen . 
 now the landscape was all but invisible , shrouded in a thick , impenetrable fog . 
 `` metaphor , '' he said , his breath escaping as an icy cloud of white . 
 he turned and walked back into the shop , the floor so bustling with activity his arrival was barely noticed . 
 they were singing , decorating , wrapping presents , the entire undersized lot oblivious to the developing global calamity . 
 how to measure its scale ? 
 hurricanes , droughts , tsunamis ... mere morsels , diminutive appetizers in the feast that was the very extinction of the human race . 
 tonight they 'd get the main course . 
 one of the elves spotted him and drifted over to exchange a few verbal high-fives , but upon seeing the expression on the big man 's face , the elf pulled up short . 
 the big man cleared his throat , and the room grew quiet . 
 `` attention everyone , '' he said , though the request was unnecessary . 
 the whole toy-building , carol singing lot stared back up at him with rapt attention . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have bad news . '' 
 he took a breath . 
 `` we 're going to have to cancel christmas . '' 
 he 'd expected protests , denial , outright anger . 
 what he got was stone cold silence . 
 his entire crew stared up at him , unable to absorb the reality of his proclamation . 
 even the giant wooly creature decorating the main tree looked stunned , frozen in place as he stood poised to place a star at the top of the glittering evergreen . 
 at length , a reindeer stepped forward . 
 the big man recognized him immediately . 
 it was the young buck who 'd been the victim of some cliquish cruelty due to a deformed nose . 
 to make matters worse , whispers around the water cooler had it that the little buck was a little doe . 
 then the antlers came in -- quite a surprise really . 
 `` but sir , `` said the buck , `` you ca n't cancel christmas . '' 
 the big man was n't used to the buck 's adolescent voice , like listening to an elderly canadian woman trying to sound butch , and he was proud of himself for not cringing when he heard it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' the big man said , `` but the fog ... '' right , fog , he thought -- that 's how he 'd sell it to them . 
 but it was n't fog . 
 fog does n't smell like a distant fire , smoldering ash , scorched flesh ... `` ... the fog is just too much . 
 i ca n't risk it . '' 
 as the big man spoke , the young buck 's nose began to glow , a blinding , almost radioactive red light that was a little frightening . 
 while the big man shielded his eyes from the glare , the rest of his crew gathered around , captivated by the buck 's lantern of a nose . 
 `` wait , '' said one of the elves with a snap of his fingers , `` wait just a dog gone minute ... '' the big man knew where this was headed , but he was powerless to stop it . 
 they loaded the sleigh in record time , and though they bumped around a bit in the fog , no one commented on the smell . 
 denial , thought the big man , was a powerful thing . 
 as the elves lashed the last of his team to the sleigh , the big man wandered over to say goodbye to his wife . 
 `` be careful , '' she said , her eyes glistening with tears . 
 they 'd been together for what seemed an eternity , and he could tell she knew the score . 
 fear was n't a common emotion for her -- they were both immortal , after all -lrb- though he had his beef with a god who would grant him eternal life , but wait until he was an elderly , overweight reindeer rustler to do it -rrb- , but it was clear tonight she was frightened . 
 `` always , '' said the big man . 
 forcing a grin , he climbed into the sleigh and took the reins . 
 he called the roll and with a flick of his wrists sent the magical conveyance lurching off , climbing blindly into the darkness . 
 as they drew closer to civilization , what he 'd passed off as fog was now unmistakably rising smoke and ash . 
 from 10,000 feet they got their first glimpse of the earth . 
 a thousand small fires dotted the land , and save for the flames the cities and towns below were dark . 
 his copilot , an elf and friend of the red-nosed buck , turned to him . 
 `` must be some sort of power outage ? '' 
 the big man grunted . 
 the elf peered over the side and looked down at the apocalyptic nightscape stretching out beneath them . 
 `` that would account for all the fires . 
 you know , to keep warm ? '' 
 the big man glanced at the elf and shook his head . 
 they descended . 
 normally his team approached with the stealth of trained assassins , slipping through the frigid air without so much as a whisper to betray their presence . 
 no need for that tonight . 
 below the gliding sleigh chaos reigned ; packs of slow moving humans in various states of decay and disrepair roamed the streets , men with guns shot at the packs and occasionally one another , women with children in their arms ran shrieking across the snow covered yards . 
 then there were the dead , and what remained of the dead ; entrails on porch steps , detached limbs littering the streets and sidewalks . 
 and everywhere blood , lots of blood . 
 the big man gave a tug on the reins and steered his team toward one of the few rooftops not engulfed in flames . 
 they slid to a stop on the crest , bracketed by four dormers and a chimney . 
 the elf stepped out of the sleigh and surveyed the rioting hoards below . 
 `` that ca n't be real , can it ? '' 
 he looked to the big man for support , but the big man ignored him . 
 `` i mean , it must be some sort of celebration , a pagan ritual maybe . 
 like a reaction to the put-christmas-back-in-christmas thing . '' 
 the big man held out his hand . 
 `` just give me my bag . '' 
 he 'd play it straight ; he saw no other way . 
 he 'd never missed a christmas -- snow , rain , sleet , the whole shebang -- and he was n't going to let a little smoke , fire , and death slow him down . 
 he slung his sack over his shoulder and strode to the chimney . 
 behind him , the buck with the glowing nose spoke up . 
 `` do you suppose they need our help , sir ? '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 the big man asked . 
 he looked beyond his team and noticed he and his entourage were beginning to attract some unwanted attention . 
 a gaggle of undead had broken away from the pack and was heading their way . 
 `` my friend , '' he said , `` we are here to do one thing , and one thing only . 
 it 's what we always do -- our job . '' 
 `` but sir ... '' started the buck . 
 his pleas were cut short as to his right an athletic looking and formerly deceased young man was making his way up an elm tree adjacent to the house . 
 while the undead athlete struggled in the tree , one of his colleagues climbed the porch latticework and began swinging from the gutter . 
 the big man pointed to a couple elves who 'd spent most of the trip napping in the back of the sleigh . 
 `` you two , '' he said , `` get out there and keep those things off the roof . '' 
 with a salute and an obligatory ` yes sir ' the elves leapt to their feet and rushed to the roof 's edge , prepared to defend the eave from the zombie in the tree . 
 satisfied his guard was in place , the big man disappeared down the chimney . 
 behind the elves , the man on the gutter got a leg up and rolled onto the roof . 
 seeing they were about to be overrun , one of the elves charged the man and they both tumbled to the front walk some ten feet below . 
 the elf landed with a meaty thud and the zombie crashed down on top . 
 `` medic ! '' 
 shouted the red-nosed buck , looking back to his friend . 
 `` i 'm a dentist , '' said the elf , retreating to the sleigh , `` just a dentist . '' 
 there was a muffled scream as the zombie on the porch began to feed . 
 in the tree his partner finally bent the elm 's branches close enough to the roof to leap off . 
 he landed and slid down the shingles a few feet before gaining a foothold . 
 undaunted by his near fall , he stood and charged the remaining elf . 
 at the last second the elf ducked and the zombie slid down the roof , stopping at the hooves of the lead reindeer . 
 he gathered himself under the glowing red light and got to his feet just as the big man popped out of the chimney . 
 `` no ! '' 
 shouted the big man . 
 in the sleigh the would-be dentist screamed as the zombie latched onto the legs of the young buck and began making his way to the exposed neck . 
 the buck dropped its head and , catching the belt of the attacker on an antler , whipped the man off the roof . 
 no one moved , the big man standing , braced against the chimney , the elf in the sleigh with his hands over his ears . 
 the young buck was facing away from the two of them , his heavy breathing sending clouds of white vapor into the night . 
 gradually , the buck 's nose began to dim , and the sounds of the night and the light of a hundred fires intruded . 
 the elf moved to the front of the sleigh and called his friend 's name . 
 the buck 's breathing slowed , but it remained still . 
 cautiously , the big man made his way across the roof . 
 the buck 's chest continued to swell and shrink , but there were now no tell-tale puffs of vapor to indicate he was actually breathing . 
 the big man stopped as the faint red glow from the nose finally winked out . 
 one last time , he called the buck 's name . 
 a ghostly green glow began to emanate from the head of the buck , barely visible at first . 
 the big man chanced another step forward , now standing at the buck 's side . 
 the eerie green light continued to intensify , and as the big man reached a hand toward his lead reindeer , the buck turned . 
 its green nose cast the scene in an otherworldly light , razor tipped antlers flashing under the graveyard glow . 
 it bared its teeth , jagged as shards of glass , and then it howled , an unearthly sound , terrifying . 
 `` oh shit , '' said the big man . 
 the young buck lunged . 
 ___________________________________ a christmas carol a zombie story of christmas the straps looked too tight , but he supposed they always looked too tight . 
 how could they appear otherwise on such a boy , the diminutive creature lashed to his chair at the family dining table . 
 `` there , there , '' said the father as his son struggled against the bindings . 
 the boy was mostly grey now , gradually greening at the extremities , and his skin dry despite repeated applications of whale oil . 
 they 'd taken to spreading a blanket under his chair to catch his ` leavings ' as the man 's dear wife referred to them . 
 lately the leavings consisted of clumps of hair and scalp , patches of ruined skin , fingernails , and occasionally a tooth , most times because of the habit he had of clacking his teeth when he wanted more food . 
 `` ah , '' said the father , spreading his arms to indicate the christmas dinner arrayed before him ; a roast goose , an unappetizing selection of boiled root vegetables , and a lump of pudding with a candle staked on top . 
 `` what a merry feast . '' 
 `` yes , father , '' said his oldest son , `` merry indeed . '' 
 he clapped . 
 the father thought him a bit of a lackey , but still returned the boy 's smile . 
 `` everything looks marvelous , '' chimed the second oldest daughter , a pretty thing with a feeble mind . 
 all eyes turned to the middle daughter , 15 years old , waiting for her to acknowledge the meal . 
 the girl , who 'd burrowed like a tick into the heart of teenage angst the day she turned 13 , rolled her eyes . 
 `` yes , marvelous , '' she said , her tone mocking her older sister who was too dim to notice . 
 the youngest children , a boy and a girl born a year apart , giggled and clapped , their age relieving them of responsibility to comment on the dinner . 
 the 15 year old glared across the table at her chair-strapped sibling . 
 she wrinkled her nose in disgust . 
 `` my dear , '' said her mother , `` do not stare at your brother . '' 
 `` does he have to eat with us ? '' 
 `` but of course , '' said the father with inextinguishable good cheer , `` it 's christmas ! '' 
 `` but ... '' the girl started , staring at the fish basket filled with live mice sitting in front of her brother . 
 the mice , rather more than a dozen of them , scampered about in the mesh . 
 the girl shook her head and sighed . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 `` my dear , '' said the mother , `` mind your father . 
 it would do you good to be more charitable in spirit . 
 your brother has a condition . '' 
 `` a condition ? '' 
 the girl stared back at her mother , mouth hanging open . 
 `` he ate the neighbor 's dog ! '' 
 and the neighbor , thought the father . 
 he 'd managed to collect what was left of the poor sod and bring him to the foundry where he passed the whole of it off as an accident . 
 the deception was never discovered . 
 real spot of luck , that . 
 the mother huffed . 
 `` and what was that animal doing roaming our yard , untended ? 
 is it too much to ask they keep an eye on their pets ? 
 they know our son has ... '' `` a condition , '' said the girl , `` right . '' 
 `` ugh , '' said the boy , eyes fixed on the roiling mice . 
 `` yes , '' said the father , as if answering a poignant question , `` of course . '' 
 he plucked a mouse out by its tail and tossed it in the direction of his son . 
 the boy snapped the rodent out of the air like a starving hound . 
 a single bite , a single swallow , and the mouse was gone . 
 the father reached for a second , but the boy was not paying attention , his interest having been captured by something across the room . 
 a pair of visitors stood in the doorway , unseen by all but the boy ; an elderly man in a night cap and dressing gown , and towering behind him a black robed specter , his face hidden beneath the folds of a hood . 
 they stood close to one another , speaking in hushed tones . 
 `` tell me spirit what is it that so afflicts the boy ? '' 
 `` some months ago , '' said the spirit , his voice low and ominous , `` he was overcome with fever . 
 his father , unable to afford a proper doctor , sought the help of a local apothecary who had a medical practice in the back of a grain and feed . 
 the man used a plague-infected leach to treat the boy ... '' `` ah , yes , '' said the old man , `` a tragedy to be sure . '' 
 `` an ugly scene , '' agreed the spirit . 
 `` the boy changed swiftly and attacked the physician . 
 the physician turned and the father was forced to cleave his skull with the boy 's crutch . 
 he managed to capture his son in an empty grain sack and has had him under chain and bind ever since . 
 `` truly horrifying , '' said the old man . 
 the specter agreed , then launched into a tired rant about the cost of medical care and the need for universal health coverage , at which point the boy at the table turned his attention back to the mice . 
 `` ugh , '' he said , clacking his teeth . 
 `` ooh , '' said the girl , cringing , `` i hate when he does that ! '' 
 `` father , '' said the oldest boy , `` may i ? '' 
 he pointed to the mice . 
 the father nodded . 
 `` that would be a lovely gesture . '' 
 the boy scooped out a mouse and tossed it toward his brother who snagged the rodent out of the air with a startling lunge . 
 the eldest boy clapped and the rest of the family , save the 15 year old , followed . 
 `` lovely , '' said the dim daughter , eyes bright with glee . 
 the 15 year old looked around the table . 
 `` this family is so weird . 
 seriously . '' 
 she 'd endured the shame of her undead sibling for almost a year , using denial and humor -lrb- she referred to her brother as little z -rrb- to get her through . 
 lately though , her good humor was failing her . 
 her older brother made to fetch another mouse , and the girl interrupted . 
 `` are n't we supposed to say the grace first ? '' 
 the brother drew his hand back as if slapped . 
 `` yes , my dears , '' said the father , `` your sister is right . 
 let us give thanks . '' 
 around the table heads bowed and the father continued . 
 `` at this joyous time of year we must endeavor to remember those gifts we 've been given ; my beautiful wife , my lovely children , and why this very meal , so bountiful and magnificent . 
 i feel my dears , that of this year it can be well and truly said ... '' the father raised his hands , `` it was the best of times . '' 
 the 15 year old rolled her eyes . 
 `` it was the worst of times . '' 
 the father continued , undeterred . 
 `` it is the season of light ! '' 
 another eye roll from the daughter . 
 `` try season of darkness . 
 i mean , hello , my little brother 's a zom ... '' the mother pounded a fist on the table . 
 `` i will not have you using that word in this house ! '' 
 `` whatever , '' said the 15 year old . 
 her relationship with her mother had tumbled a short time after her brother became little z . 
 when the mother 's always sour mood took a sharp turn towards bitter , everyone assumed it was her son 's ` condition ' that was troubling her . 
 the 15 year old was sure this had something to do with it , but attributed her mother 's mood , in greater degree , to the disappearance of their ironmonger neighbor , a man who was always there to lend a hand patching the roof , firing coals , whatever was called for , and always when the father was not around . 
 oblivious to the developing tension , the undead boy clacked his teeth and grunted . 
 as his father reached for a mouse , the boy 's eyes drifted once again to the far side of the room . 
 `` it would seem , spirit , an unwise time for me to become charitable . 
 two or three years from now my financial situation may be more stable ... '' `` three years the boy has not . 
 if the shadows remain unaltered ... '' `` yes , yes , '' the old man waved a hand , `` your position is quite clear on that account . 
 however , your suggestions ... '' the old man shook his head . 
 `` a doubling of my clerk 's salary ? 
 a wedding gift to my no-account nephew of an amount befitting a duke ? 
 and then , then to take him on as a partner ? 
 my dear spirit , those shadows of which you speak , do you feel they 'd be properly dispersed with the sunlight of bankruptcy ? '' 
 `` mankind should have been your business ! '' 
 `` ok , '' said the old man , `` now you 're just repeating yourself . '' 
 he reached up and patted the spirit on the shoulder . 
 `` here 's what i 'll do for you . 
 i will reinstate my clerk , at his former salary , and he can continue to provide for his rather ponderous family . 
 i find this charity enough , keeping on the incompetent sod . 
 let 's be clear , if the man had a head for numbers do you think he 'd have so many children ? '' 
 `` and what of the boy , his affliction ... '' `` and what of it ? 
 these shadows , i see no crutches about . '' 
 he gestured toward the child strapped to the chair . 
 `` he 's by all accounts a healthy sort of boy , quite able to stand up for himself i 'd wager . 
 all in all i 'd say a remarkable boy ... '' `` ugh , '' said the boy , returning his attention to the basket , clacking his teeth . 
 `` insolence , '' seethed the mother , eyes on her teenage daughter . 
 `` my dears , '' said the father , `` let 's not bicker . '' 
 `` ugh , '' said the boy again , clacking his teeth so fiercely he sent half an incisor skittering across the table . 
 `` could someone please , '' said the 15 year old , voice laced with disgust , `` could we just feed ... '' `` how dare you assail me with your attitude , '' said the mother , eyes still locked on her daughter . 
 `` insolence , '' she repeated . 
 `` ugh , '' said the boy . 
 `` oh my god , '' the daughter shrieked . 
 she reached into the basket and plucked out a mouse . 
 the boy eyed the squirming rodent with wild eyes . 
 his sister , untrained in the art of feeding her undead sibling , brought the mouse too close to the boy and with a lunge he got not only the mouse , but the tip of his sister 's index finger . 
 the table fell silent as the girl brought her finger up to inspect the damage . 
 a single drop of blood formed on the tip . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 she said . 
 within seconds she felt a chill and began to shake . 
 her father grabbed the sack from next to his son 's chair and threw it over his daughter 's head . 
 the girl , beset with tremors and growing dim of mind , felt other hands about her , clutching her arms and legs as she writhed . 
 lashed to a chair , her fevered brain succumbing to the never-ending hunger of the undead , the girl heard her brother utter the last words she 'd ever understand , her final christmas benediction : `` father , '' he said , `` we 're going to need more mice . '' 
