 defunct -lcb- memoirs of a gentleman zombie -rcb- defunct smashwords edition copyright 2014 jonathan pidduck smashwords edition , licence notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 defunct i must admit to being a little anxious when i woke up in darkness , to find that i 'd been buried alive . 
 i had a panic attack which must have lasted for hours . 
 i 'd never had a panic attack before ; i 've always been a rather down-to-earth sort of chap , and do n't hold with all that gasping into-paper-bags sort of thing . 
 i 'm sure people just do it for effect . 
 but i would have happily given a paper bag a try , had someone had the foresight to tuck one away in my coffin before nailing down the lid . 
 but the worst part , if i 'm honest , was the boredom of being down there for nearly three months before anyone saw fit to rescue me , with no-one but myself for company the whole time . 
 i 'm not the most talkative of people as a rule , so i would n't have been my first choice of companion . 
 a country singer or two , or one of the osmonds at a push . 
 they 'd still be alive , i 'd stress ; i 'm not suggesting that they should be buried with me like those poor servants of pharaohs in ancient egypt . 
 they 'd just visit me , possibly on a rota of some sort -lrb- they could work that out between them , as it would be difficult for me to draw up my own in the dark -rrb- . 
 it would have been something of a squeeze in there , having up to six of us to a coffin -lrb- seven if marie were to join us -rrb- , but it would have passed the time to have someone there to sing for me whilst i was awaiting rescue . 
 boredom is a terrible thing , believe me . 
 i say `` buried alive '' , but i was n't actually alive , of course . 
 not in the strict sense of the word . 
 i had died on the operating table . 
 i remember feeling my soul leave my body . 
 i 'd hovered over myself for a while , looking down at my corpse , the surgeon , all the other people in the operating theatre -lrb- i was surprised and flattered how many people had put in an appearance for my demise -rrb- . 
 i was on the point of fluttering off towards the light -lrb- not that i could see one , but i assumed it would be around somewhere if i looked hard enough -rrb- , but then i got frightened . 
 maybe it was best to stay with my body until i knew quite what it was i was supposed to be doing next ? 
 i did n't want to get a ticking-off from some spirit or angel , demanding to know why i was jumping the queue of dearly departed when i was supposed to be waiting patiently for the next place in the afterlife to become available . 
 you have to queue for everything , after all . 
 why should heaven or hell be any different ? 
 it would have been presumptuous of me to assume i was going to the former , anyway . 
 i 'd had my fair share of parking tickets , and once i 'd noticed a restaurant had forgotten to add my drinks to the bill , and i paid up without mentioning it . 
 that 's theft , i think you 'll find . 
 just imagine how embarrassing it would have been to make my own way to heaven , only for someone to take me to one side and explain in hushed tones that i 'd come to the wrong place , and that if i did n't leave immediately i 'd be escorted off the premises and on to the downwards escalator . 
 so , all things considered , i opted to stay put . 
 play it safe , like i always do . 
 and then everything just faded out . 
 it was probably my fault . 
 maybe i should have floated away while i had the chance . 
 but when i opened my eyes again , everything was black , and i could n't move my arms or legs more than a few inches . 
 i was in a box , and not a particularly roomy one either . 
 maybe it was for the best that the osmonds were n't down here with me after all . 
 it was n't long before i worked out what had happened . 
 they had buried me . 
 i was six feet under -lrb- maybe less , those grave-diggers are a lazy lot -rrb- and would die unless i got out quickly . 
 i did n't know how much oxygen i had left . 
 i thrashed around like a lunatic , i shouted , i cried like a new-born baby with colic . 
 but it was hopeless . 
 no-one heard me . 
 or if they did , they could n't summon up enough courage or energy to come and dig me out . 
 all those films you see on television , where someone gets buried alive but manages to kick and punch their way to freedom . 
 nonsense , i 'm afraid . 
 i could n't even dent the coffin-lid , yet alone shift the two yards or so of earth which was heaped upon it . 
 so i contented myself with weeping instead . 
 loudly and vigorously . 
 it did n't help much , but at least it passed the time for a while . 
 i think i spent the next two or three days crying , though when you 're in perpetual darkness it 's pretty hard to measure the passage of time . 
 my watch had luminous hands , but they 'd taken that off me before i was buried . 
 when you bury someone , leave their watch on , that 's my tip . 
 or a mobile phone would be better still , supposing you have a signal down there -lrb- which seems unlikely , as my wife only ever seemed to get a signal on hers whilst standing outside the post office on alternate week-days , which was n't much use to anyone , i 'm afraid . 
 those things are so big and cumbersome , anyway -rrb- . 
 it was during those few days of self-piteous sobbing that it gradually dawned on me that i ought to be dead . 
 and then it dawned on me -lrb- equally gradually , i 'm afraid , as i 'm not known for being the sharpest pencil in the box -rrb- that i already was . 
 maybe this was hell , i thought ? 
 an eternity stuck in a mahogany box clamped tight in heavy earth , fretting about my lack of a watch as the worms munched their way through the rotting coffin towards my slowly decomposing body . 
 that made me weep even more , i 'm ashamed to say . 
 worms scare me , what with all their cut-me-in-half-and-watch-me-wriggle-off-in-different-directions shenanigans . 
 mind you , i would n't have been in this predicament if i 'd have been able to do the same thing -lrb- although if i 'd have wriggled away with only half a body it may have been rather alarming for my wife -rrb- . 
 i cursed myself for staying with my body in the operating theatre . 
 if i 'd made a break for it , there 's no knowing where i 'd have ended up , but i would n't have been here , and anywhere else would have been better than this . 
 i also cursed the nhs for letting me die , but then i felt guilty and took it all back . 
 it was my fault i was here , and it was unfair to blame anyone else . 
 i had voted tory every election since my eighteenth birthday many , many years before , so i had no-one but myself to blame on that score . 
 besides , i had been given a chance to get away , and i 'd blown it , just as i 'd blown everything else life had served up for me . 
 curiosity may have killed the cat , but caution had stuffed him in a coffin for all eternity , without so much as little jimmy osmond for company . 
 actually , i could have done with a cat down there . 
 they say that stroking them calms you down , which would have been quite useful , given the circumstances . 
 then again , it would no doubt have tried to eat me after a while . 
 i thought of my wife . 
 gloria . 
 she hated her name . 
 she thought it old fashioned . 
 there 's nothing wrong with old-fashioned , i 'd attempted to reassure her on numerous occasions -lrb- well , six or seven times , at least -rrb- , but that had never gone down too well . 
 `` i 'm pretty old-fashioned myself , my dear , '' i 'd added once , trying to illustrate my point , but that had just made her shake her head sadly , and lock herself in our bedroom for four hours , sobbing like a two-year old having a tantrum . 
 she did that quite a lot ; that 's women for you . 
 i remember being relieved that she never locked herself in the bathroom , as i do n't think my bladder would have held out that long . 
 my bladder was one of the clues which convinced me of my demise , by the way . 
 no bodily fluids suggested to me that i must be dead . 
 that and the fact that i was n't actually breathing , as far as i could tell . 
 i could put my hand in front of my mouth , and could feel nothing except the wood against my knuckles , however hard i tried to puff upon my palm . 
 time crawled past . 
 like i said earlier , that was the worst part . 
 i would 've killed for a good crossword puzzle . 
 even a sudoku at a push -lrb- though not the big ones , as they can get a bit tricky -rrb- . 
 but i had nothing to entertain myself except for my own wit and imagination , and both have always been sadly lacking in my case . 
 gloria 's told me so on many an occasion , back when i was still alive . 
 and death does little to sharpen the mental faculties , as i would find out in time . 
 i waited and i waited , and then i waited some more . 
 i could n't even sleep , as us zombies do n't really do that . 
 all we have is a sort of stand-by mode , where you 're still conscious but you do n't really do anything . 
 it 's a bit like when you 're dozing off , but you never actually get the luxury of sleep at the end of it . 
 three months is a long time to be buried , even with a stand-by mode like mine . 
 i had a lot of time to think . 
 most of the time , i thought about decaying . 
 i yearned for it , in fact . 
 if i 'm decayed , i reasoned , i surely would n't be here anymore . 
 i 'd be gone . 
 and then my ordeal would be over . 
 so i willed my body -- and my brain in particular -- to rot away as quickly as it could . 
 i became frustrated at its slow progress when left to its own devices , and tried to help it on its way a little . 
 i started picking away at my right index finger with my thumb-nail . 
 and i could n't have been happier when i felt a scoop of flesh fall away . 
 what was it churchill had said ? 
 it may not be the end . 
 it may not be the beginning of the end . 
 but at least it was the end of the beginning . 
 or something like that , anyway . 
 i 've always liked history . 
 finding out about the adventures of dead people has always been fascinating to me . 
 less so now , though , now that i 'm one of them . 
 i started worrying my leg , trying to prise away the flesh through the trousers they 'd buried me in . 
 i was making pretty good progress . 
 i 'd picked away a crater the size of a flattened egg-cup . 
 another day or two , and i 'd be through to the bone . 
 let 's see if i can strip both legs bare by the end of the month , i thought . 
 make a game of it . 
 it was some considerable time before it occurred to me that i 'd have no idea when the month ended , but i carried on gouging anyway . 
 it was then that i heard something up above . 
 or sensed vibration . 
 or something ; it 's hard to describe what . 
 all i knew was that someone or something was coming for me . 
 i hoped it was someone still amongst living , but worried that it might instead be someone from the afterlife , telling me that i 'd finished my warm-up ordeal and that i was now ready for the really nasty stuff to begin . 
 i waited patiently . 
 there did n't seem to be much else i could do . 
 i was pretty good at waiting , after all the practice i had had . 
 the sound -lrb- or vibration , if you like -rrb- got closer . 
 i thought i heard voices , though it was hard to say for sure . 
 and then the coffin lid was off , and the light from outside was so bright that it singed my corneas . 
 i raised a hand to shield my eyes from the light . 
 it felt strange . 
 i was n't using to raising anything in that tiny space , yet alone an entire limb . 
 `` we 've got another live-one , '' someone said from above . 
 i lowered my arm and squinted at him . 
 i tried to speak . 
 it did n't really work out . 
 i tried again . 
 my rescuer waited patiently , without interrupting . 
 a sign of good manners . 
 i like that . 
 we were going to be good friends , i felt sure of it -lrb- which was rather perceptive of me , as it turned out that he would be my second best friend after the queen -rrb- . 
 eventually , i remembered that i needed to use my tongue to make sound . 
 i flapped it around a little . 
 after a while , it made a sound resembling speech . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed . 
 that was a little rude of him , i thought , but i decided to forgive him as he had just freed me from my grave . 
 i held out my hand for him to shake . 
 time for formal introductions . 
 `` my name 's george , '' i told him . 
 i usually say my surname as well , but decided i could dispense with the formalities in the circumstances . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how pleased i am to meet you . 
 it was getting a little stuffy in there . '' 
 they had to carry me back to their car . 
 i wanted to walk , but my legs did n't . 
 it probably had n't helped that i had been trying to gouge blinking great chunks out of them for the last quarter of a year or so . 
 nothing that a session or two of physiotherapy would n't sort out , though , i reassured myself . 
 it 's amazing what they can do nowadays . 
 they left me in the back seat while they went off to do some more digging . 
 there was already a blanket over it , as if i was going to decompose all over the upholstery -lrb- which , to be fair , was more than a little likely -rrb- . 
 `` send me the bill if i rub off on your seats , '' i told them . 
 they exchanged glances and the younger one sniggered sharply , but i did n't quite get the joke . 
 there was nothing at all funny about rubbing oneself off , as far as i could see , whether it was in the back seat of a car or anywhere else for that matter . 
 i was tired , and went into standby-mode . 
 it was strange , really . 
 i 'd been lying down all that time , and it was only now i was back in the big wide world that i felt the need for a rest . 
 i stared in front of me , while i recharged my batteries . 
 `` he 's asleep , '' said the one to whom i 'd originally spoken . 
 he never introduced himself to me . 
 let 's call him dave . 
 he looked like a dave , i thought . 
 a lot of men do , i find . 
 `` he 's still got his eyes open , '' the other one replied dubiously . 
 i 'm calling him thomas , if that 's okay with you ? 
 doubting thomas . 
 do you see what i 've done there ? 
 i 'm quite clever like that , when i want to be . 
 `` they do that . 
 the lights are on , but there 's no-one at home , believe me . 
 you could nick his wallet , and he would n't even flinch . '' 
 `` i could nick his wallet ? '' 
 dave sighed . 
 `` i do n't mean you could literally nick it . 
 we 've just dug him up , remember ? 
 why would he have his wallet on him ? 
 people do n't tend to get buried with their valuables , do they ? '' 
 `` pharaohs do , '' argued thomas , who seemed determined to argue his corner , however misguided it was . 
 `` they build those big pyramids , and have all their gold and stuff carried inside before they shut the door . 
 i 've seen it in films , loads of times . 
 and they get really protective when anyone tries to nick it off them . '' 
 `` does he look egyptian to you ? '' 
 asked dave , as if speaking to a simpleton -lrb- which i was starting to suspect that he was -rrb- . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` is he covered in bandages ? '' 
 thomas shrugged . 
 `` he could do with a few , from the state of his skin . 
 i do n't like touching them . 
 we should be given gloves . '' 
 dave sighed again . 
 he was good at sighing , and showed off his ability as often as he could . 
 `` we did have gloves , did n't we ? '' 
 `` did we ? '' 
 `` we did . 
 and do you remember what happened to them ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 i accidentally buried them when we were filling a grave back in . '' 
 dave sighed yet again , a deep long sigh of which even a professional would have been proud . 
 `` you buried them . 
 right , let 's get on with this . 
 we 've got another three graves to check before we can go home , unless we get lucky again with the next one . '' 
 `` we 're not taking his wallet first , then ? '' 
 `` let 's just leave him to sleep it off , shall we ? '' 
 i came out of standby when they loaded someone else into the backseat next to me . 
 a man my age , shouting and swearing , raging at them for leaving him buried for so long . 
 i shuffled a little further towards the window , wanting to keep as far away from him as possible as i 'm not very good at confrontation at all . 
 fortunately , i was n't wearing a seat-belt -lrb- they did n't think it necessary to buckle me up safely , bearing in mind that i was already dead -rrb- , so i was able to put a good couple of feet between us at first . 
 but then he started invading my side of the car , shuffling over towards me and calling on me to join him in disparaging our saviours . 
 how rude would that have been , i ask you ? 
 i despair of some people , i really do . 
 `` do you know how long i 've been down there , waiting for you ? '' 
 he shouted at them . 
 he turned to me . 
 i shrugged , to make it clear that i had no more idea of the answer to this than they did . 
 i was rather hoping that the question was rhetorical , and that he would answer it himself . 
 i did n't want to engage in conversation with someone whose volume was set permanently to `` shout '' . 
 i was almost tempted to ask to be returned to the peace and quiet of my grave . 
 `` your tomb-stone said you died six months ago , '' said dave , as he turned on the ignition . 
 `` so i 'm guessing a little less than that , allowing them time to bury you and all that . 
 twenty five weeks , say ? '' 
 thomas looked dubious , but said nothing . 
 but that was thomas for you . 
 `` six months ! 
 that 's half a year ! '' 
 i could n't fault the man 's mathematic abilities . 
 `` you 've left me down there for half a year ! 
 it 's a miracle i survived that long ! '' 
 dave and thomas exchanged looks . 
 they did that quite a lot . 
 i would have exchanged looks with them too , but no-one saw fit to look at me . 
 noone except the man beside me , but i was avoiding eye-contact with him at all costs . 
 so i bowed my head right down , and surveyed them as best i could from the corner of my eyebrows . 
 `` how long did they leave you down there ? '' 
 he asked me -lrb- loudly -rrb- . 
 `` you must be furious ! '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i could n't think what else to do . 
 i was tempted to go into standby until he 'd burnt himself out , but i did n't want to offend him . 
 shrugging did n't seem to help , though . 
 his voice got louder and louder , his bad language became more colourful and he started jerking his arms around . 
 he was like a windmill with tourette 's . 
 dave ignored him . 
 he drove out of the cemetery at a respectful speed , and turned right into the main road . 
 this seemed to annoy my travelling companion still further . 
 `` left ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` you 're going the wrong way , you idiot ! '' 
 `` shut up , or you 're walking . '' 
 and then my new travelling companion snapped . 
 he started making this funny gurgling noise , as if he was trying to blow the bubbles out of a gold-fish . 
 i chanced a glance towards him , worried that he might be having a heart-attack , but a little sceptical as to whether this was even possible for someone already dead . 
 his face was badly decomposed , with chunks missing from it . 
 part of his forehead had caved in , presumably where he had been head-butting the coffin-lid in a futile attempt to force his way out . 
 i could see his teeth through his skin , which made him look like he was grinning -lrb- ironic in the circumstances -rrb- . 
 he was going red . 
 that seemed strange to me -lrb- would n't that indicate blood flow ? -rrb- 
 but hey , us narrators do n't make the rules . 
 all i can do is say it as i saw it . 
 all in all , he was pretty darned cross . 
 and then he launched himself forwards , grabbing dave 's head and forcing it back against the head-rest . 
 dave swerved , nearly taking out a lady on the pavement with a pram . 
 he cursed , and tried to pull his head free -lrb- as you would -rrb- . 
 my friend in the back seat changed his grip , and tried to pull both dave 's ears off at the same time . 
 dave screamed -lrb- again , quite understandably in the circumstances -rrb- . 
 my friend frothed in reply . 
 thomas leapt out of the car , and stood on the pavement , awaiting developments . 
 the lady with the pram started berating him . 
 he ignored her . 
 i stayed put . 
 my impulse was to run , but i was n't sure my legs were working , and i had visions of ending up flat on my face in the middle of the road , which would have been exceptionally dangerous , even for a zombie like me . 
 if i could n't run , and hiding would have been more than a little tricky in the back seat of the car , then the only option left open to me was to talk some sense into him . 
 `` now come on , '' i reasoned with the frothing corpse on the seat next to me . 
 `` let 's all calm down , and talk about this over a cup of tea . 
 i live just round the corner . 
 everything will seem better after a nice brew . 
 who knows , gloria might even throw in a few hobnob biscuits if you play your cards right . '' 
 to my astonishment , the lunatic turned on me . 
 he grabbed me by the throat , and tried to bite my face off . 
 i managed to fend him off for a few seconds ; i 'd been out of the ground for a while longer than him , so i guess i 'd recovered my faculties a little better than he had . 
 but to see those rotting teeth gnashing away just inches away from my nose frightened the life out of me , i can tell you . 
 or would have done if it had n't already deserted me some months earlier . 
 and then dave was there , hauling him out of the car , flinging him on to the grass verge at the far side of the road . 
 dave sat astride him to stop him getting back up , and started pummelling him to the head with his fists . 
 i watched for a few seconds , transfixed by the way that little puffs of flesh came up every time his fist connected with the poor man 's face , but when one blow actually collapsed his cheek-bone i had to look away . 
 violence is never the answer . 
 never . 
 unless big daddy is wrestling giant haystacks , but that 's different because they get to sit down every few minutes for a bit of a rest . 
 the lady with the pram came over and tried to pull dave off -lrb- if you 'll excuse the expression -rrb- . 
 thomas finally sprang to action , and tugged her away . 
 for a second , i thought she was going to turn on him , and the whole sorry process would start all over again . 
 i had visions of the young man sitting astride the equally young lady , punching her repeatedly in the face . 
 he looked the type that might rather enjoy that . 
 fortunately , he did n't resort to such barbarity . 
 he just threatened to confiscate her baby , and chuckled as she hurried off , shouting obscenities at him over her shoulder as she departed , the pram abandoned on the grass verge behind her . 
 such language for a woman to use in front of her baby ! 
 dave had finished pummelling mr angry to the chops . 
 his opponent lay still . 
 he got off , wiping his hands on thomas ' clothes . 
 `` gloves would have been nice , '' he said . 
 `` if i catch anything off him , i 'm suing you , okay ? '' 
 thomas shrugged . 
 he did n't look convinced . 
 everyone got back in the car , except the man lying on the grass verge -lrb- who appeared to be very much dead again -rrb- and the lady with the pram -lrb- who was virtually out of sight by now , such was the speed at which she was galloping -rrb- . 
 dave drove off , muttering to himself about personal protective equipment -lrb- and health and safety in general , a particular bug-bear of mine -rrb- . 
 `` that 's my road down there , '' i told him . 
 i pointed , somewhat unnecessarily as his eyes were firmly on the road , and thomas was too busy checking out the cds in the glove-compartment to notice my protruding finger . 
 `` what of it ? '' 
 dave hissed . 
 he did n't sound happy . 
 i thought back to the man on the grass verge , with his collapsed face and his little puffs of airborne flesh . 
 i shook my head -lrb- just as unnecessarily as before -rrb- . 
 `` nothing , '' i said , in as reassuring a tone as i could manage , having just witnessed someone being beaten to a sodden pulp in front of my very eyes . 
 `` i was just saying , that 's all . '' 
 discretion , i always find , is the better part of valour . 
 especially with dave . 
 we ended up in a particularly unpleasant location in dover . 
 some sort of concentration camp , as far as i could make out , with `` detention centre for the disinterred '' in forbidding letters above the front gates . 
 there were four bored security men operating one of those barriers that raise up , who had to wave us through . 
 surely only a job for one man , which was probably why they got bored . 
 they called dave `` john '' , which seemed a little curious until i remembered that he was only dave because i 'd named him so . 
 i 'm going to keep calling him dave , though . 
 avoids any confusion . 
 he did n't really look like a `` john '' anyway . 
 we pulled up outside this one-storey victorian building , which looked a little like a council toilet block . 
 dave told thomas he 'd go and book me in while i was getting cleaned up . 
 he asked me to remind him of my name , which was a little hurtful as he had remembered the burial date of the chap he 'd battered in the road outside the cemetery , but in his defence i do tend to be somewhat non-descript . 
 i reminded him it was george . 
 i had a little trouble remembering my surname , which was strange , but i got there in the end . 
 `` browne , '' i told them . 
 `` with an `` e '' , as in echo '' . 
 and then i said `` e '' again , only echoing it this time , to make them chuckle . 
 but they both looked at me as if i was demented , and dave hurried off , leaving thomas to it . 
 to my surprise , i was able to walk . 
 it was n't a very impressive gait , i must admit . 
 it was more of a shuffle than a stride . 
 but it did the job . 
 the main problem was getting out of the car , as thomas got a little agitated when i held on to the front-seat head-rest to steady myself as i was decamping . 
 i apologised , of course . 
 i would n't want anyone flaking their decomposing flesh on my upholstery if i had a works vehicle either . 
 there was a reception desk inside the toilet block , which tended to suggest that it was n't a toilet after all , as i do n't recall ever seeing a receptionist stationed by the urinals -lrb- except once in france , but they do have some very curious practices over there -rrb- . 
 there was an unhealthily thin lady behind a desk , viewing me with a mixture of caution and disgust , as if i was planning on relieving myself on her hole-punch . 
 `` name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` george , '' i told her , as polite as you like in an attempt to win her round . 
 `` browne . 
 with an `` e '' . 
 as in -- '' i looked over at thomas . 
 he shook his head , warning me against a repetition of the echo joke . 
 maybe he was right ; it had n't gone down very well at all first time round . 
 i gave her a weak smile instead . 
 `` as in `` empathy '' , my dear , '' i told her , but my little jest was far too subtle for her . 
 she scribbled something down on the clipboard in front of her . 
 i was n't at all convinced that she 'd got my name right , even with the clue i had given her , but decided that it did n't matter all that much . 
 my wife would know my name , no doubt , whether or not the `` e '' had gone astray from the end of it . 
 and then she would come and fetch me , as if i was a young child to be collected at the end of the school day . 
 the sooner the better , as far as i was concerned . 
 i was n't too sure i was going to like it here . 
 `` cubicle 6f , '' she said , and then she looked away , dismissing me . 
 i wondered if i 'd been buried longer than i thought . 
 surely people 's manners could n't have deteriorated so much in just a few short months ? 
 thomas took me through rows of rather shabby cubicles . 
 a few had the curtains closed , but most of them were open . 
 it was a little like the changing cubicles at the local swimming pool , only with curtains rather than doors . 
 they were pretty small ; not much more than three feet squared . 
 he selected one , and pointed to a soap dispenser on the wall inside . 
 `` be thorough , '' he advised . 
 `` they 'll send you back in if you 're not . '' 
 i stood in the cubicle . 
 i pushed the pressy-thing by the nozzle -lrb- sorry , i ca n't think what the proper name for pressy-thing is right now , but that 's descriptive enough for our purposes -rrb- and soaped my hands thoroughly . 
 i looked at him expectantly but he tutted , so i looked at him confusedly instead . 
 i was being thorough , as he 'd instructed . 
 i had even sang `` happy birthday '' twice in my head , like they 'd taught me at school , to make sure i 'd kept at it long enough . 
 `` is there a problem , young man ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i can sing happy birthday three times , if you like . '' 
 the expression on his face tended to suggest that he thought this a rather bizarre proposal . 
 he ignored my remark , and served up one of his own in its place . 
 `` it helps if you take your clothes off first . '' 
 `` why would i want to sing happy birthday in the nude ? '' 
 i was starting to wonder whether thomas was just a little simple . 
 `` you 're supposed to be washing your body , you daft old man . '' 
 -lrb- he did n't actually say `` daft old man '' , but i thought you 'd like the sanitised version to spare your blushes -rrb- . 
 `` my body ? '' 
 i stared at him . 
 he seemed to have lost his marbles . 
 `` why would i want to wash my body with a soap dispenser ? 
 you need water , you see . 
 water . 
 to make you wet , and lather up the soap . 
 i 'll have a shower later . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not any more you wo n't . 
 they stopped that weeks ago . 
 it would take your skin off . 
 just dab yourself gently with the liquidsoap . 
 i 'll go and get you some paper towels . '' 
 `` paper towels ? '' 
 `` to dry yourself . 
 now , could you get on with it ? 
 i have n't got all day . 
 i 'm off duty in half an hour . '' 
 the thin receptionist put in an appearance , popping up like the shopkeeper in that cartoon with the man with the bowler hat . 
 `` is he acting up ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he 's trying to . '' 
 `` i 'm not acting up , '' i assured her . 
 `` i was just telling thomas here that i 'd prefer to have a shower than an all-over hand-wash . 
 or better still , a bath . 
 a bath would be marvellous . 
 i do n't suppose you could run one for me , could you ? 
 i 'd be ever so grateful . '' 
 `` you 've got two minutes to take your clothes off , '' she warned me . 
 `` if you 're not naked by then , i 'm going to come in there and strip you off myself . 
 and believe me , you wo n't like it if i do . 
 the last gentleman who caused me trouble ended up losing an arm when i was trying to tug it out of his shirt . '' 
 `` losing an arm having a wash ? '' 
 i cried in alarm . 
 `` what sort of madhouse is this ? '' 
 but she ignored me , pulling the curtain across the doorway of the cubicle to end the conversation . 
 `` my name 's not thomas , '' i heard thomas bleating outside . 
 shows how much he knows ! 
 i viewed the soap dispenser with suspicion . 
 oh , the indignity . 
 being made to strip off to order , and cover myself with liquid soap for no apparent reason -lrb- other than the fact that i had been buried alive for a considerable period of time -rrb- . 
 i would have cross words with whoever was in charge here , once i was safely out of the clutches of the anorexic lizard-lady lurking outside . 
 `` i do n't hear you undressing , '' she said ominously from the far side of the curtain . 
 it was enough to spur me into action . 
 i started to remove the shirt i 'd been buried in , anxious to appease her before she removed one of my arms in her crazed determination to get me clean . 
 it took me three attempts before i was clean enough for her . 
 i thought at one point she was going to start scrubbing me herself , which put me into something of a flap , but she thought better of it and just stood over me while i scrubbed the last stubborn vestiges of dirt off my raw , protesting body . 
 it was humiliating having her standing there , curtains wide open , while she watched me scrub up . 
 i was n't used to women seeing me naked . 
 even gloria had n't seen me in all my glory for some considerable time . 
 she 'd insisted some years ago that i wear my pants to bed , as she did n't want to have to see my bony bottom when i got up in the morning . 
 i supposed it was now very much bonier than before . 
 dave came to rescue me . 
 he did n't seem any more keen on the lizardlady than i did . 
 i wondered if maybe she had forced him to wash with liquid soap , too . 
 maybe this was n't actually part of her duties . 
 maybe she really was just a receptionist , but anyone who chanced into her domain ended up getting a good scrubbing to satisfy her foul and unnatural appetites . 
 but no , i decided upon reflection . 
 if this was her hobby rather than her job , they probably would n't have provided her with dozens of shower-cubicles to fuel her perverted lust . 
 the best she could have hoped for would 've been a sink basin and a damp sponge . 
 `` i 'm clean , '' i told him as we exited the toilet block , in a rather needy bid for approval . 
 then again , maybe i was just playing it safe . 
 i 'd seen what he 'd done to the gentleman he 'd fallen out with in the car , and it was probably better to stay on his good side if i could . 
 dave gave me a not unfriendly nod of approval . 
 thomas did n't look convinced . 
 `` let 's go and see the governor , '' dave suggested . 
 i nodded my consent . 
 `` let 's . 
 maybe he can tell me whether i 'll be home in time for tea . '' 
 thomas smirked . 
 dave glared at him . 
 thomas stopped smirking . 
 he was obviously thinking of the gentleman in the car , too . 
 it was better not to upset dave . 
 i was glad of that . 
 if thomas had been in charge , heaven knows what would have happened to me by now . 
 it took me a while to walk to the governor 's office . 
 it was three blocks away , in what might once have been a rather grand building , but which had now fallen into dampness and decay -lrb- not unlike me , really -rrb- . 
 i assumed i 'd be able to walk normally now i 'd had a little practice , but if anything my ability to put one foot in front of the other seemed to have lessened . 
 maybe it was because i was tired after my heavy soaping session , but i was shuffling along like a chimpanzee with rickets . 
 there was a different receptionist guarding the governor , this one a little plump . 
 i wondered whether she had been stealing the thin one 's food . 
 i chuckled . 
 dave and thomas took a step away from me , and watched me as if i was dangerous . 
 i stopped chuckling . 
 dave relaxed a little . 
 thomas stayed tense . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 `` i thought you were turning , '' thomas said . 
 `` turning what ? '' 
 `` just turning . '' 
 i looked to dave for an explanation . 
 he gestured for me to keep on walking . 
 i obliged . 
 maybe he could explain later , when i was in the car back home . 
 i was n't sure i liked the sound of `` turning '' , although if it makes you laugh it could n't be all that bad . 
 we reached a door . 
 it said `` governor '' on the nameplate . 
 no name or anything , just `` governor '' . 
 government cut-backs , i suppose . 
 it would be easier to recycle the nameplate later on . 
 `` come , '' said a voice inside . 
 a man in authority . 
 i was pleased . 
 here was a man who could send me home if he wished . 
 it was my task to make sure that he wished . 
 we walked in . 
 well , they walked and i hobbled . 
 there were two chairs , one of them with plastic over it . 
 knowing the drill from the car-seats , i took the plastic one . 
 dave settled into the other , while thomas stood uncomfortably by the door . 
 i gave him an apologetic smile for him having to stand , but he ignored me . 
 i turned my attention back to the governor . 
 he was looking a little bored . 
 i stood up , and offered him my hand . 
 `` george , '' i said . 
 `` george browne . 
 with an `` e '' . 
 as in echo-o-o-o-o . '' 
 i know it had n't gone down well last time , but i figured that on the law of averages someone had to at least smile sooner or later . 
 he did n't . 
 oh well . 
 maybe next time . 
 it was too good a joke to abandon at the first sign of trouble . 
 he waved me back into my seat . 
 `` sorry , ca n't shake your hand . 
 against regulations . 
 no inappropriate touching of guests . '' 
 `` inappropriate ? '' 
 i was a little bewildered . 
 i was offering him a manly hand-shake , that was all . 
 if i 'd been trying to kiss him , i could have understood his reticence . 
 `` just the one of them ? '' 
 he asked dave . 
 dave nodded . 
 i opened my mouth to mention the other man in the car , but saw the look he gave me and decided against it . 
 i could hear thomas shuffling around nervously by the door . 
 i gave dave a wink , and touched my gouged right index finger to the side of my nose to show him that his secret was safe with me , but this seemed to make him more anxious still . 
 i returned my attention to the governor , not wanting to appear rude by ignoring his little welcome speech . 
 `` i just need to book you in , and tell you a little about our programme here . 
 i like to greet our guests personally whenever i can . '' 
 `` without inappropriately touching them , '' i quipped . 
 `` quite . '' 
 he did n't look pleased at my intervention . 
 maybe he thought it was rude of me to interrupt . 
 i resolved to speak only when i was spoken to . 
 then i remembered how keen i was to go home , and decided to chance a question about this before he launched into a long speech about whatever it is governors make long speeches about . 
 `` when do i go home ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my wife will be worried about me . '' 
 `` all in good time , all in good time . 
 can i just run through the induction first ? '' 
 `` induction ? '' 
 `` booking you in . '' 
 `` oh , there 's no need for that . 
 i 'll be off soon . 
 i 'm very grateful for everything , believe me . 
 the lift , the soap , the fact that i 'm no longer buried alive . 
 everyone 's been so terribly helpful . 
 especially dave here . '' 
 `` dave ? '' 
 the governor was clearly not the sharpest chisel in the toolbox . 
 i pointed to the man sitting next to me . 
 `` yes , dave . 
 you know dave . '' 
 `` you mean john ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` if you like . 
 but we 're rather off topic here , if you do n't mind me saying so . 
 i was just saying that everyone has been so kind and friendly -- even the lizard lady in the toilet-block -- but all i really want to do is go home and hug my family to pieces . 
 figuratively , you understand ? '' 
 i gave him what i hoped to be a winning smile . 
 he stared back at me , as if i was mad . 
 `` lizard lady in the toilet block ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i gave him a little time for it to sink in . 
 maybe english was n't his first language -lrb- although , to give him credit , his accent was immaculate ; there was even a tiny hint of mancunian in there , unless i was very much mistaken -rrb- . 
 he exchanged looks with dave . 
 dave shrugged . 
 maybe i was n't supposed to tell anyone about the lizard lady . 
 it was all a bit of a red herring anyway . 
 it was my return home i was anxious to talk about , not the skinny receptionist -lrb- or even the larger one who 'd eaten her food -rrb- . 
 `` when do i go home ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to see gloria . 
 she 'll be worried about me . 
 and she 'll need time to nip out and buy my tea before the shops close . 
 we sometimes only have breakfast cereal in the cupboard if i do n't give her a grocery-list . 
 you know what women are like if left to their own devices . '' 
 the governor sighed . 
 `` i 'm afraid we 've run out of time . 
 we only have a five minute slot , you see . 
 plenty of other people like you to process . 
 you would n't want to eat into their slot , would you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` heaven forbid . 
 i just want to know when -- '' `` we 'll talk later , '' he said . 
 `` my receptionist will make the arrangements . '' 
 `` lizard lady ? '' 
 `` that will be all . '' 
 he picked up his pen , and commenced writing . 
 our interview was apparently at an end . 
 dave gave me a look , warning me against any further questions . 
 all i wanted to know , though , was when i would be going home . 
 it did n't seem like an unreasonable thing to ask in the circumstances . 
 `` good day , '' said the governor , to hurry me along . 
 `` good day , '' i replied . 
 but , in truth , it was turning out to be a little less good than i had anticipated when they 'd dug me out of the earth that morning . 
 i needed to be back home with my family , surrounded by my own familiar things , relaxing in the comfort of my own surroundings . 
 still , i thought to myself in an effort to find a silver lining . 
 at least i 'm clean . 
 if the toilet-block and the governor 's office had been a little traumatic , worse was still to come when they showed me to my room . 
 `` here you go , '' said dave , opening the door for me . 
 `` this 'll be your home while you 're here . '' 
 i looked inside . 
 `` there seems to be some sort of mistake . 
 this is a ladies ' dormitory . '' 
 `` thanks for that , '' said a young man sitting on a bed on the far side of the room . 
 his face had peeled off badly , but there was enough of it left for me to see that he was only in his late teens . 
 there were two ladies in there with him , hence my slightly inaccurate remark about dormitories . 
 one was sixty-or-seventy-something , the other one either side of twenty -lrb- i 'm not all that good at guessing ages -rrb- . 
 i assumed that the older lady was the mother or the grand-mother of the younger one , and probably of the boy on the bed , too . 
 how strange that dave thought i would like to share a room with a family . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 my eyesight 's not what it was before they buried me . 
 i 'll leave you in peace . '' 
 i went to close the door behind me . 
 dave pushed it open again . 
 `` no mistake , i 'm afraid . 
 this is your dormitory . '' 
 i looked around again . 
 six beds , three of them occupied by the family i 've just described to you . 
 they looked at me with the mildest curiosity , as if i was a temporary diversion sent to ease the tedium of their day . 
 i felt uncomfortable . 
 i looked back at dave . 
 `` i could n't possibly . 
 i 'd be intruding . '' 
 `` no choice , mate . 
 in you go . '' 
 i shuffled inside , anxious to avoid a scene . 
 this family must think me very rude already . 
 dave closed the door behind me , and i could hear his footsteps disappearing along the corridor outside . 
 i had expected him to join me . 
 for a few seconds , i stood by the door , like a dog waiting for his master to return . 
 i felt the urge to follow him . 
 i did n't know anyone here . 
 i 'd only met him earlier that day , but he was the nearest thing to a friend i had . 
 this overwhelming neediness was n't like me : i 'd always been pretty independent during my life-time -lrb- a bit too independent , gloria would say , who was always craving interaction with anyone who would spare her the time of day -rrb- . 
 i suppose that 's what death does for you , though . 
 i guess that being left alone in a coffin for a quarter of a year makes you value human companionship a little more . 
 feeling as if i had been deserted by heartless parents on the first day of boarding school , i took a deep breath and turned to face my new roommates . 
 they were still staring at me , which did n't help matters . 
 the faces of the ladies were decomposing too , just like the boy on the bed . 
 they regarded me with mild curiosity , as i may have already mentioned . 
 `` hello , '' i greeted them . 
 `` my name 's george . 
 george browne . 
 with an `` e '' . 
 as in echo-o-o-o-o . '' 
 my two young room-mates looked at me as if i had lost all reason . 
 but the older lady grinned , and even made a little snorting sound like a strangled laugh . 
 she thought i was funny . 
 i could 've kissed her . 
 it was the nearest thing to a hug i 'd had since i 'd got here . 
 i took possession of my bed , consoling myself with the thought that i would n't be here for very long , that i would be back home soon with my wife , my slippers and my weekly television guide . 
 how wrong i was ! 
 the bed was tubular metal , like a low climbing-frame with one sheet and one blanket wrapped tightly around it as if to prevent me from wriggling out to escape . 
 one pillow too , although it looked rather flat and sorry for itself . 
 i hoped that it had been washed since their last guest had left , especially having regard to the tendency of my kind to flake decayed skin all over the place . 
 the bedside cabinet was the only other item of furniture i could call my own . 
 my first thought was that i 'd never get all my possessions in that , but then it occurred to me that i did n't have anything other than the clothes i 'd been buried in . 
 not even a watch , as they 'd taken that from me -lrb- i might have mentioned earlier , too -rrb- . 
 having familiarised myself with my surroundings , i took another look at my room-mates . 
 the elder lady smiled back at me , bless her . 
 i smiled back . 
 the young man had got back in bed , pulling the covers over his head to block out the world , which seemed rather a good idea . 
 the young lady was playing one of those video games again , her thumbs surprisingly dextrous for one as dead as her . 
 `` what time 's dinner ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the young lady snorted , as if i 'd just told a joke . 
 maybe she had just got my `` echo-o-o-o-o '' gag . 
 i tried again , hoping that persistence would pay off . 
 `` no , really , when 's dinner ? '' 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` very much so . '' 
 `` they do n't feed us . 
 we 're dead . 
 we do n't need food . 
 ever . '' 
 `` but i 'm hungry , '' i complained . 
 i sounded rather whiney , i 'm afraid to say . 
 but i enjoy my food . 
 i was looking forward to my first square meal in three months . 
 `` your body does n't know it 's dead yet , '' she explained , not unkindly . 
 `` it still thinks it needs food . 
 but it does n't . 
 it 's not like you 're going to starve to death , is it ? 
 you 'll get used to it after a while . '' 
 `` no food ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my bottom lip would have quivered if it had n't been half rotted away . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` not even a biscuit ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` no biscuits ? '' 
 `` like i said . '' 
 i lapsed into sorrowful silence . 
 a life without meatloaf , without fish and chips , without roast dinners on a sunday . 
 a life without pudding ! 
 no cheese-cake , no spotted dick and custard , not so much as an own-brand trifle in a throw-away plastic pot . 
 and even the occasional biscuit being off limits . 
 this was truly , truly dreadful . 
 and to make matters worse , i realised that all that thinking about food had made me copiously drool on my blanket . 
 `` of course , there are always ways to get food if you 're desperate , '' she added casually , going back to her video-game as she spoke . 
 `` there are ? '' 
 i was all ears . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` what do i need to do to get a biscuit ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was conscious of the fact that i must be coming across as biscuit-obsessed , when i 'm not actually especially fond of them , but i did n't want to build up my expectations too high by opening the bidding at pork-chops . 
 best to start low , and work your way up . 
 `` i 'll introduce you to one of the guards . 
 charlie . 
 you can borrow my lip-stick . 
 he 'll like that . '' 
 `` you do n't mean to say ? '' 
 i asked , horrified . 
 `` but i 'm a chap . 
 a dead chap at that ! '' 
 `` that 's how he likes them , '' she chuckled . 
 `` all yielding and squishy . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 she had put me off biscuits forever . 
 she looked up at me , and winked , a mischievous smile on her face . 
 `` i 'm not even going to tell you what you need to do round here for a chicken madras . '' 
 i spent a rough night in my new bed . 
 i had too much space ; i had got used to the womblike-security of a nice tight coffin , much as i had loathed it at the time . 
 and i had grown accustomed to absolute darkness as well , whereas here there was unwelcome light creeping in beneath the door . 
 not all that much of it , i 'll grant you , but enough to make it different and strange . 
 i 'm a creature of habit , and always will be -lrb- by definition , once you 're a creature of habit you tend to be so forever -rrb- . 
 my stand-by mode did n't seem to be functioning properly , either . 
 six feet underground , i had been able to turn off my brain , more or less . 
 but here , it refused to disengage , no matter how stern a talking to i gave it . 
 i worried about my new surroundings , i worried about my failing health and most of all i fretted about how long they would keep me apart from my family . 
 gloria would be missing me , as would the twins -lrb- little skye and the other one -rrb- . 
 the other one ? 
 i seemed to have forgotten the name of my own son . 
 was it something to do with a scottish island ? 
 no , that would be skye , my daughter . 
 somewhere else we 'd visited on our travels north of the border , then ? 
 edinburgh ? 
 aberdeen ? 
 tobermory ? 
 or was tobermory one of those furry little creatures who clear away the rubbish on wimbledon common ? 
 all of a sudden , i missed gloria very much . 
 i 'd missed her before , of course , but now it was just so overwhelming i could barely stop myself from blubbing like a little baby . 
 i needed to speak to her . 
 it was the middle of the night , but i had to speak to her all the same . 
 tell her i loved her , that i missed her , that i needed to be home with her , with skye , with our little boy -lrb- whatever his darned name was -rrb- . 
 all the things i should have told her before i died but never quite summoned up the courage to say . 
 i got out of bed . 
 i would escape . 
 i would make my way home , and hide under one of the twins ' beds if they came to take me away again . 
 they 'd never think to look for me there . 
 my bed , yes , but the twins little half-sized beds ? 
 they would n't think i 'd fit under there , but having spent so much time in a coffin i was confident that i could tuck my legs up and stay hidden as long as it took , however little room there might be . 
 a stroke of genius . 
 how to go about it , though ? 
 the guards might be cross if i made a run for it , and i 'd seen what dave had done to my travelling companion for far less . 
 it was n't as if i could go very fast either ; the best i could do would be to shuffle briskly . 
 and climbing over barbed-wire fences was a complete no-no , as far as i was concerned . 
 i 'd never get my leg over , yet alone the rest of my broken body . 
 i would need an accomplice , then , but only a handful of people had so much as spoken to me since i 'd got here . 
 i discounted the governor straightaway , as he might feel there was a conflict of interests -lrb- though on the plus side he would have access to all the keys -rrb- . 
 dave might have helped , but thomas would be less inclined to lend a hand , and those two very much came as a pair . 
 the lizard-lady seemed the least likely of all of them . 
 she 'd make me have one of her dry-baths first , losing valuable hours of darkness while she tried to get me clean . 
 so that just left one person who 'd talked to me since my arrival . 
 i went over to the girl in the bed , the one in her teens or her early twenties with the video-game addiction . 
 i reached out a hand to touch her shoulder , but drew it back again . 
 what would she think of me if i started touching her in the middle of the night , however innocently ? 
 she 'd wake up , and she 'd scream , just like janet leigh in that psycho film -lrb- but without the water on -rrb- . 
 then they 'd probably put me in solitary confinement , or lock me in a ward full of pervert zombies , who 'd do all sorts of unspeakable things to me and each other while the warders turned away with a shrug . 
 like in that lamb-shank redemption film . 
 but i needed to escape , and she was the only one who could help me . 
 i reached out for her for a second time , but again pulled back . 
 this was a bad idea . 
 i did n't even know the girl . 
 it would be so rude , a married man like me waking up a girl in a darkened room when i did n't even know her name . 
 maybe i should wake up one of the others , find out her name , and then wake her up afterwards ? 
 but that seemed a trifle long-winded , and would eat into the window of time for making my escape . 
 and then , with a start , i realised she was looking at me . 
 grinning . 
 i smiled back , a trifle sheepishly . 
 `` you gon na frisk me for custard-creams ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 `` oh no , i would never do that , '' i assured her . 
 what must she think of me ? 
 `` you 're after my jaffa-cakes , then ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i would never help myself to a young lady 's jaffa-cakes without asking her first . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i 'm just playing with you . 
 what do you want ? 
 why are you staring at me in the middle of the night , you freak ? '' 
 i decided to come straight to the point . 
 time was of the essence , after all . 
 `` i want to escape . 
 i need to see my wife . '' 
 `` escape ? '' 
 i thought a saw a flicker of approval in her eyes . 
 she looked at me ; really looked at me , for the first time . 
 `` like cool-hand luke , '' i explained , although i felt the film reference may have been lost on her . 
 `` is that disney or pixar ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i shrugged , having no idea what she was going on about . 
 i waited for her to outline her escape plan . 
 she thought for a while . 
 `` you can come with me , '' i said . 
 `` you all can , if you 'd like . '' 
 `` that 's very big of you . '' 
 she thought for a while longer . 
 for a minute or two , i thought she 'd accidentally gone back into stand-by , but then she was talking again . 
 i tried to concentrate . 
 this was important , my big chance of getting out of here , but all of a sudden i felt very tired and was having difficulty following what she was telling me . 
 the thought of my bed suddenly seemed so much more appealing than before . 
 `` you ca n't get out of here . 
 not yet . 
 security 's way too tight . 
 but watch this space , okay ? 
 i 've got my finger on the pulse , you know what i 'm saying ? 
 soon as decisions are made , you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 `` you ca n't help me , then ? '' 
 `` not to escape . 
 not yet . 
 but i can help you talk to your wife if you want . 
 that 's the next best thing , yeah ? '' 
 `` talk to my wife ? '' 
 she 'd confused me again . 
 how could i talk to my wife when she was miles and miles away ? 
 maybe we got some power when we died , some power that i had n't yet tapped into ? 
 what was the word for that thing where you converse with people with the power of your mind ? 
 something beginning with `` t '' . 
 `` telepathy ? '' 
 i asked , after a moment 's hesitation . 
 `` can i talk to my wife by telepathy ? '' 
 she laughed again . 
 `` you could try that , '' she replied . 
 `` or you could use the phone in the staff room . '' 
 it turned out that using the phone in the staff common room was n't quite as easy as she made it sound . 
 it involved breaking out of a locked ward , sneaking past the wardens and getting in and out the common room without anyone noticing we had been there . 
 it was a bit like colditz , really , save that we did n't need wire-cutters , and the guards all spoke english of sorts . 
 i hoped we did n't have to put earth in our pockets , as this was the only suit i had . 
 annie introduced herself as we were tip-toeing down the corridor . 
 `` i 'm annie , '' she told me . 
 straight to the point . 
 i liked that about her . 
 `` i 'm george , '' i replied . 
 `` george browne . 
 with an `` e '' . 
 as in -- '' `` echo-o-o-o ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` you told me yesterday . '' 
 i smiled . 
 she smiled back . 
 i felt as if i 'd made a new friend . 
 i hoped that dave would n't be jealous . 
 we came to a door . 
 i turned the handle . 
 the door stayed shut . 
 i rattled it , with the same outcome . 
 they 'd locked us in ! 
 my shoulders sagged -lrb- although i was careful not to allow them to sag too much , as i was a little worried that my decaying arms might fall off -rrb- . 
 no phone call to gloria tonight , then . 
 i started to retrace my steps along the corridor . 
 annie whistled . 
 i turned . 
 she was holding a key up in the air for me to see . 
 `` is that the key for this door ? '' 
 `` what do you think , grandad ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , wait . 
 grandead ! 
 you get it ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i had no idea what she was going on about -lrb- again -rrb- . 
 half of what she said was gobbledy-gook , but the other half was spot-on , so i gave her the benefit of the doubt . 
 `` grandead , '' she repeated again , but i was still none the wiser . 
 she was just making up words now . 
 i asked her again if it was the key for the locked door , speaking slowly , as if conversing with a foreigner with a poor command of english . 
 she put it in the lock , turned it , and pushed the door open , motioning for me to go through . 
 `` it 's funnier than echo-o-o-o , '' she said , a trifle sullenly . 
 it was n't , of course . 
 we went through the door . 
 she locked it behind her . 
 `` we do n't want the others getting out , do we ? 
 they 'd take my key back . '' 
 she turned left into another corridor , and then left again , with me shuffling along behind her . 
 she had a shuffle like mine , but not as pronounced . 
 hers was like a moderate limp , whereas i was walking along as if my ankles were shackled tightly together . 
 which was apt , bearing in mind my cool hand luke escape aspirations . 
 she came to a halt , holding her hand up , palm outwards , bidding me to do likewise . 
 i obeyed . 
 she was most certainly the boss out of the two of us . 
 she pointed to a room ten yards further along , with a glass window looking out on to the corridor in which we stood . 
 `` there are two of them in there , '' she explained . 
 she held up two fingers , as if i did n't understand english -lrb- ironic , when she was the one who had been spouting nonsense just five minutes earlier -rrb- . 
 `` you 're going to need to crawl past the window . '' 
 `` crawl ? 
 with my knees ? '' 
 `` that 's how it usually works . '' 
 `` they were pretty dodgy before i died . 
 heaven knows what state they 'll be in now . '' 
 `` we could go back to the dormitory if you 'd rather ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no , i need to speak with my wife . 
 tell her i 'm okay . 
 ask her to come and get me . '' 
 `` off you go then . '' 
 i got gingerly down on my hands and knees . 
 i crawled across the floor like a baby with an anxiety disorder . 
 i looked back . 
 annie was still on her feet . 
 she waved me onwards . 
 i reached the window . 
 i noticed for the first time that there was a door there , too . 
 it was a few inches ajar . 
 i was tempted to glance inside , but i was too afraid . 
 i felt sick with fear . 
 i shuffled onwards as fast as i could , ignoring the pain in my knees , expecting any moment one of the guards to burst out of the room and haul me back to bed by my collar . 
 i prayed that if i was apprehended , it would n't be by the guard who wanted to put lipstick on me to make my mouth look pretty . 
 i made it to safety . 
 i struggled to my feet . 
 i gave annie a big thumbs-up , which made her smile again . 
 she walked towards me . 
 she 'd forgotten about the guards ! 
 i waved her down , but she ignored me . 
 she strolled past the open door as if the room was empty . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 i asked her in an admonitory whisper , as she approached me . 
 `` the guards ! 
 the guards ! '' 
 `` oh , they wo n't mind me . 
 they 're used to me wandering round at night . 
 they 'd be worried if i did n't . '' 
 `` maybe they 'd be happy for me to wander round too , then ? 
 save my knees ? '' 
 `` no . 
 that 's a really bad idea , grandead . 
 come on , we 're nearly there now . '' 
 another minute or two and we were indeed there , just as she had predicted . 
 a door , with `` staff only '' written on a sign outside . 
 it was rather smaller than the governor 's sign . 
 he no doubt pulled rank when the signs were being allocated , insisting on the best one . 
 you could n't blame him . 
 there had to be some perks of the job . 
 besides , if he had the staff sign and the staff had the governor one , it would end in chaos . 
 `` is there anyone inside ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 it had been too easy so far . 
 maybe they were all waiting in there , like the guests at a surprise party only rather more sinister . 
 instead of giving me a birthday cake , they 'd beat me and put me in solitary confinement for a week -lrb- or maybe bury me up to my neck in sand if they were japanese or egyptian or whoever it is that does that sort of thing -rrb- . 
 `` i 'll check . '' 
 before i could stop her , she 'd opened the door , and peered inside . 
 `` bastards , '' she said . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i enquired , tempted to make a bolt for it back to the dormitory but doubtful whether i could crawl past the guard-room at speed . 
 `` that 's my picnic hamper in there . 
 my mum said she sent it to me , but they reckoned it never arrived . 
 they 've been troughing on my stuff behind my back ! '' 
 we entered the room . 
 i looked round for the telephone as she checked the contents of the picnic hamper . 
 from her snort of disgust , i assumed that there was n't much left in it . 
 ordinarily , i 'd be examining it , too , partial to food as i am , but i had more important things to attend to on this occasion . 
 my heart sank when i saw the telephone . 
 it was a pay-phone on the wall . 
 apart from removing my watch when they buried me , they 'd emptied my pockets too . 
 no loose change , no conversation with gloria . 
 all this way for nothing . 
 i turned to annie . 
 `` a jar of marmalade ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` what am i supposed to do with that ? 
 it 's shredded , as well . 
 what 's the point of that ? 
 it 's like they 're too lazy to take the fruit out ! '' 
 i pointed towards the pay phone . 
 `` we 're scuppered . '' 
 `` scuppered ? '' 
 `` scuppered . '' 
 `` oh , you mean we 're fuc - '' `` scuppered , '' i said again , hastily . 
 there 's no excuse for profanity . 
 `` i have n't got any money on me . '' 
 `` hang on . 
 hold that . '' 
 she threw me the jar of marmalade . 
 i dropped it . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` it 's not broken , '' i reassured her . 
 `` shame . '' 
 she made her way to the lockers at the far side of the room . 
 she selected the third one down in the left hand column . 
 she produced another key , and turned the lock . 
 there were spare clothes inside . 
 she rummaged through a pair of jeans and produced a handful of coins . 
 she selected a fifty pence piece , and threw it to me . 
 i dropped that too . 
 she returned the rest of the loose change to the pocket , and the jeans to the locker . 
 in the meantime , i had retrieved the coin from the floor and picked up the telephone retriever . 
 i paused . 
 `` go on then , '' she bid me . 
 `` call your wife . '' 
 i paused some more . 
 `` go on . 
 it 's okay . 
 i know you must be nervous , but she 'll be glad to hear from you . 
 a little shocked , maybe , but glad all the same . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you can . 
 you 've done the hard bit . 
 call her . '' 
 `` no , really i ca n't . '' 
 she raised a quizzical eyebrow . 
 i smiled sheepishly in return . 
 `` i seem to have forgotten my telephone number . '' 
 i spent a restless night in the dormitory . 
 i was kicking myself for having such a poor memory -lrb- not literally kicking myself , of course , as my decaying legs might have caved in -rrb- . 
 to make matters worse , the boy kept weeping away whilst in his standby-mode . 
 i did n't know you could do that . 
 i might have to try it some time . 
 i thought of gloria . 
 there was no-one i 'd rather think of . 
 i wondered what she 'd say when she found out i was alive . 
 i hoped she 'd be pleased . 
 i was almost sure she would be . 
 of course she 'd be pleased , i hear you say . 
 she 's your wife ! 
 and you 'd most probably be right . 
 but she was n't all that keen on surprises , and you do n't get much more of a shock than someone knocking on your door and telling you that your dead husband has been dug up and was last seen juggling jars of marmalade in a staff room in dover . 
 she never used to be set in her ways . 
 she was quite a free spirit when we first met . 
 i remember our one and only holiday abroad . 
 i was keen on the new forest , she wanted to go to spain . 
 i eventually gave in , and said i 'd give it a try , as long as we could take our own teabags in the suit-case . 
 when we were there , some well-meaning couple mentioned that there was a nudist beach nearby . 
 i refused , point-blank , of course , despite her entreaties for us to give it a go . 
 why anyone would want to parade their wares in front of total strangers was beyond me . 
 more to the point , why gloria would want to parade hers was rather a worry , to say the least . 
 later on in our married life , she would have sulked for days when i forbade her to `` give it a go '' . 
 back then , though , she took it fairly well , joking that i was set in my ways , and that she 'd make a free-spirit of me yet . 
 she never did , of course . 
 and we never went abroad again either . 
 it was too hot , you could n't find a decent roast dinner anywhere , and the fact that they had beaches specifically designed for people to display their privates to one another convinced me that the spanish were not a people i wished to spend my leisure time with . 
 we had other holidays , of course . 
 gloria 's suggestions for our excursions became less and less outlandish in time . 
 there was one occasion in scotland when she suggested skiing , which caused me to raise an eyebrow almost to my hairline -lrb- which was starting to recede , so i must have raised it pretty high -rrb- . 
 but in time it occurred to her that i was not the adventurous type , and we settled for day-trips to flower-shows and suchlike instead . 
 there 's never any danger of people showing you their privates at a flower-show , i once pointed out to her , but she just shook her head sadly and went back to the hydrangeas . 
 as i lay there that first night , i tried to run through the highlights of our life . 
 it gave me something pleasant to do , putting them in chronological order . 
 there was our first date , our wedding , the birth of our children . 
 nothing else sprang to mind , though , so it did n't take me as long as i 'd thought . 
 that 's not to say we were n't happy , of course . 
 we were comfortably content , if i could put it that way . 
 i may not have been one of those types who are always bombarding their loved ones with flowers and love poems , but she knew how i felt about her deep down . 
 it was enough for her to know that i cared for her in my own circumspect way , i 'm almost sure of it . 
 she cried a lot at first , but that 's women for you . 
 some chemical they put in the washing-up liquid , likely as not . 
 yes , i felt certain that she would be pleased that i had climbed unsteadily from my grave . 
 she was as comfortable as i was with routine by the end of our time together , and the prospect of us sitting in our adjacent arm-chairs , watching soap operas together , was one which would surely bring a tear to her eye . 
 eventually it was morning . 
 we had one frosted glass window-pane in our room , high up on the wall with bars across it , and although it was small it was large enough to tell me that it was light outside . 
 my first full day in colditz . 
 bored of standby mode , i decided to go and talk with my fellow inmates . 
 annie was n't interested . 
 she just lay there , staring up at the ceiling , a mildly irritated look on her face as i wished her a good morning . 
 i guess she was a night-bird rather than an early-owl . 
 or should that be the other way round ? 
 i flicked a mental coin between the older lady and the boy -lrb- well , man , but anyone under about thirty is a boy to me -rrb- . 
 i would have preferred to speak to the lady -- she 'd smiled at my `` echo-o-o-o '' -- but decided that i had approached enough ladies in their beds that night , and i did n't want to get a reputation as a casanova . 
 my wife would be cross , for a start , and she could be rather crotchety when her dander was up . 
 so i ambled over and sat on the boy 's bed instead . 
 he dived under his blanket , like a dormouse seeking the safety of his burrow -lrb- i assume that dormice have burrows , but i 'm sure you understand what i mean even if it turns out that they live in trees or something -rrb- . 
 `` good morning . 
 i 'm george . 
 george browne . 
 with an `` e '' . 
 as in -- can you guess ? '' 
 `` go away , '' he said . 
 i decided to persevere . 
 `` as in ech-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o . '' 
 i thought it might be funnier if i echoed for a little longer than usual , but there was no laughter from beneath his blanket , so i may have been wrong about that . 
 sooner or later , i would chance upon the right degree of echo to raise a smile . 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` i heard you crying in the night . '' 
 `` it was n't me . '' 
 i was tempted to try a different bed . 
 this young man was clearly telling fibs . 
 but it was equally obvious that he needed help , and no-one else in here seemed inclined to give it to him . 
 `` is it the guards ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` are they making you do things for biscuits ? '' 
 he erupted from the blanket . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` nothing . 
 i just wondered why you were so sad . '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it sounded as if he was being rhetorical , but with rhetorical questions the answer is usually obvious , and i was n't sure i even remembered what the question was in his case . 
 `` can i have three guesses ? '' 
 he groaned , and retired back beneath his bed-clothes again . 
 this was n't going particularly well . 
 i decided to persevere . 
 `` well , let 's see . 
 we 've ruled out biscuits . 
 we did , did n't we ? 
 it 's not biscuits , is it ? 
 no ? 
 you 're positive ? 
 what then . 
 annie ? 
 has she been teasing you ? 
 she 's a high-spirited girl , no doubt about it . '' 
 i heard a laugh from annie 's bed . 
 nothing from this one , though . 
 not annie upsetting him , then . 
 what else was there for a grown boy to fret about all night ? 
 `` do you miss your mum ? '' 
 after a second or two , he emerged from his dug-out . 
 `` i miss my wife . '' 
 `` your wife ? '' 
 i was incredulous . 
 he was n't old enough to be married . 
 people who cry in bed are never old enough to be married , in my opinion . 
 unless they 've been peeling onions , but it 's quite rare to do that under the bed-clothes ! 
 -lrb- just my little joke -rrb- . 
 he nodded . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` nineteen . '' 
 `` nineteen . 
 and you 're married ? 
 and you 've died and been dug back up since your wedding ? 
 you do n't believe in taking things slowly , do you ? 
 how old were you when you got married ? '' 
 `` seventeen . '' 
 `` seventeen ! 
 you must be mistaken , young man . 
 you need to be eighteen , surely ? '' 
 `` i had my mums ' permission . 
 she was pregnant . '' 
 `` your mum was pregnant ? '' 
 `` my girlfriend was pregnant . 
 julie . 
 her name 's julie . '' 
 i paused awhile , to take stock . 
 this was all too much for me . 
 married at seventeen . 
 his girlfriend already pregnant . 
 a shot-gun wedding , no doubt . 
 the young people today are always in such a hurry to do everything . 
 in my opinion , you should at least wait for the ink to dry on your national insurance number letter before you start buying nappies . 
 i had two questions for him . 
 i wanted to know how he died , and i wanted to know why he missed his wife . 
 i decided that asking a man how he 'd died was insensitive . 
 i asked him anyway . 
 `` i had an accident on my bike . 
 i was on the m2 , when -- '' `` you should n't cycle on motorways , you know . 
 no wonder you were killed . '' 
 `` on my motorbike . 
 well , my friend 's motorbike , i was borrowing it . 
 there was a truck . '' 
 i winced . 
 i was surprised there was enough left of him to bury . 
 i moved hurriedly on to my next question . 
 i asked him why he missed his wife . 
 did n't he see her on a regular basis ? 
 `` she wo n't visit me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she will . 
 maybe there ' some mix-up with passes . 
 maybe the guards wo n't let her in . 
 she might have been banging on the prison gates , tears in her eyes , demanding to be let in while the sentries look upon her with cold , uncaring eyes . 
 i saw that in a film once . 
 annie will sort it out for you . 
 she 's very good at that sort of thing . 
 she helped me nearly make a telephone call last night . 
 oh , wait , i probably should n't have told you that . 
 forget i said anything . '' 
 i tapped my gouged index finger against the side of my decomposing nose , to tell him that he should keep this to himself . 
 `` she told me herself that she 's not coming back . '' 
 `` who is n't ? 
 annie ? '' 
 `` my wife . 
 she visited me . 
 twice . 
 the first time was awkward . 
 the second time was awful . 
 she told me i was n't the same now i 'm dead . 
 that she did n't want anything to do with me . 
 she still had her life , and she did n't want to waste it tied to a corpse . '' 
 `` rather harsh . '' 
 `` and she wo n't let me see our child either . 
 the due date was a couple of weeks ago . 
 i do n't even know if it 's a boy or a girl . 
 my mum tried to find out , but she wo n't tell her anything . '' 
 his story was troubling me . 
 i 'm ashamed to admit that it was n't through empathy either . 
 the thought that your nearest and dearest could turn their back on you , just because you are deceased , had never entered my mind . 
 my gloria was n't like that , though . 
 she would n't disown me , i was sure of it . 
 she might have a go at me for separating her from my wage-packet , maybe have a grumble about how little widow 's pension she was receiving , but we 'd kiss and make up in the end . 
 well , maybe not kiss , because my lips were badly disintegrating , but you know what i mean . 
 shake hands at the very least . 
 he started to cry again , burrowing his hands into his eyes -lrb- which was a bad idea , as he was scoring the skin around his eye sockets -rrb- . 
 i wanted to hug him , but i 'd been brought up with the idea that physical contact with strangers was bordering on the criminal , so decided against it . 
 indeed , physical contact with your spouse was to be discouraged once you had all the children you required , if my father was to be believed , and he knew his stuff when it came to that sort of thing . 
 i wandered back over to my bed , with the boy 's sobs ringing in my ears . 
 my first night-time sortie around the dormitory had not been a great success , it had to be said . 
 i sat back down on my mattress , and yearned for the comfort of biscuits and of home . 
 not much happened that first day . 
 the others were taken away by thomas and some guard i 'd never seen before , but it turned out that i had n't been written up into the system yet so i was left behind to my own devices -lrb- getting more and more peckish in the process -rrb- . 
 i went into standby-by mode again . 
 i was conscious of their voices when they came back again , but could n't face talking to anyone so i stayed put in my own head and thought of gloria , skye and tobermory -lrb- or whatever other scottish island my son might have been named after -rrb- . 
 i remembered the day the twins were born . 
 gloria asked me if i wanted to be in there with her , to support her through her labours . 
 i was n't keen , if the truth be told . 
 by all accounts , it gets a bit mucky at the business end , and the thought of one human being erupting from another is unsettling to say the least , especially when it 's bawling its eyes out all the while . 
 so she asked her mother to be her `` birthing partner '' instead . 
 i waited outside , pacing up and down as anxious parents-to-be are prone to do , waiting for news of the new arrivals . 
 midwives came and went . 
 doctors came and went with them , each one looking slightly more tense than the last . 
 i wanted to go in , to check that everything was alright , but i was n't sure whether this would be allowed now that gloria 's allocation of birthing partners had been filled by my mother-in-law . 
 the doctors looked far too busy for me to take them aside and ask them whether i could visit my wife . 
 so i continued to wait in the corridor , hoping against hope that gloria and the twins were in no danger . 
 eventually , i was ushered in . 
 her mother looked daggers at me , causing me to hang my head in shame -lrb- not for the first time , or the last as it turned out , even though half the time i did n't really know quite what it was i had done wrong -rrb- . 
 it transpired that we 'd nearly lost the two of them -lrb- the babies , not gloria and her mother -rrb- . 
 `` complications '' , the doctors said , and my mother-in-law repeated this after them , nodding her head as if confirming that their diagnosis was correct . 
 but medical science and some good common-sense midwifery had saved the day . 
 all this had been half an hour before , but her mother had decided to leave me outside for a while as she could n't bear seeing my `` heartless face '' . 
 i was to blame , apparently , for not being there , so she made sure i was n't there for longer still . 
 i never could work that one out . 
 my wife was too tired to express an opinion upon whether my allegedly heinous conduct was responsible for the perils our poor twins had faced . 
 she just looked at me , waiting for me to do something , to take action of some sort . 
 a midwife proffered one of the children to me , inviting me to give her a cuddle -lrb- the child , you understand -rrb- . 
 i shook my head . 
 she was so tiny , so vulnerable . 
 i did n't want to drop her . 
 i felt something well up , deep inside me , feelings of love and fear and regret that i had n't been around for them when they were struggling to stay alive . 
 maybe it was my fault after all . 
 maybe god was punishing me for being the reserved and cautious man i was , rather than the sensitive , touchy-feely man that everyone else so wanted me to be . 
 karma , you could call it , although it seemed so cruel to take it out on those tiny little children if that was indeed the case . 
 gloria cried when i declined to hold our new baby daughter . 
 it must have been all the trauma of labour coming out . 
 i stepped towards her to comfort her . 
 i hesitated , just for an instant . 
 my first impulse was to pat her shoulder , and congratulate her for a job well done . 
 but no , i thought , for once in your life you should show her what she means to you . 
 you should take her in your arms and hug her as if your life depended on it . 
 i was too slow . 
 whilst i was cogitating on the relative merits of a cuddle or a shoulder-pat , her mother beat me to it , giving her the hug which i so wanted to give her myself . 
 the look that woman gave me would have been enough to sour cream twice over , i tell you . 
 i coughed nervously , and stood there like a spare part . 
 i had nowhere else to go in here . 
 having declined to hold my children , and having been beaten to my wife 's arms by my disapproving mother-in-law , there did n't seem to be a great deal more for me to do -lrb- or not do -rrb- . 
 `` i 'd better go now , '' i said , but got no response from anyone except an embarrassed smile from the midwife . 
 `` i 'll be back after i 've had my breakfast . 
 most important meal of the day , you know . '' 
 still no reply . 
 `` well done , gloria . 
 you did very well . '' 
 and then i made my way to the door , gave an awkward wave which no-one but the midwife noticed , and made my escape into the relative sanctuary of the corridor outside . 
 night came round again . 
 after all that time closeted beneath the ground in pitch darkness , it came as something of a relief when the lights went out in the dormitory . 
 the older lady came to stare at me on two or three occasions while i lay in my bed . 
 there was i , minding my own business on standby mode , when all of a sudden she was leaning over me , looking into my eyes . 
 it gave me a bit of a shock , though i tried to act as if it was the most normal thing in the world , for fear of offending her . 
 i was n't used to people paying attention to me , especially not after lights-out . 
 well , gloria maybe , but even she rarely bothered to so much as converse with me after the twins were born . 
 we had separate beds not long after , in any case . 
 this lady on my dormitory had a pretty face , if you looked past the rotting cheeks and the filmy eyes . 
 i 'm not terribly good at ages , but somewhere in her sixties , i 'd say , seventy at a push -lrb- have i told you that already ? -rrb- . 
 some women that age have very lived-in faces ; all scowl lines and wrinkles . 
 but apart from the ravages of death , time had been kind to her . 
 if it was n't for the fact that i was happily married to a wonderful woman , i might have been quite taken with her , despite her advanced years . 
 still , it was n't really the done thing for her to be looming over me when i was on standby after lights-out . 
 i started to regret troubling the two youngsters . 
 at the time , i 'd thought it reasonable that i should make conversation with them as neither of them were actually sleeping , but now it was my own bed under siege i realised that , asleep or not , it was a little alarming to have someone you hardly know staring at you in the middle of the night . 
 `` can i help you , madam ? '' 
 i enquired on the first occasion . 
 but she just smiled at me , as if reassured , and retired to her own bed . 
 i started to wonder whether she was all there . 
 how was i to know what she was like before she 'd died ? 
 pretty , no doubt , with a sound sense of humour -lrb- she 'd been the only one to laugh at my `` echo-o-o-o '' , after all -rrb- . 
 but what if she had psychopathic tendencies , hanging around behind shower curtains with well-honed kitchen utensils ? 
 what if she was waiting until i had my eyes closed , so she could slip a pillow over my face ? 
 she did n't look the type , i 'll grant you , but neither did crippen . 
 the second time she came to stare at me , i opened my eyes very wide , so she 'd be under no illusions that i was awake , and that i was aware of whatever it was she was up to . 
 she smiled again , only this time the warmth lit up her face . 
 it was a good smile . 
 surely she was no serial killer , not with a set of teeth like that -lrb- very few of which had dropped out in her grave -rrb- . 
 but then i decided she was smiling at me for a little too long , and i started to get uncomfortable again . 
 i frowned . 
 she scuttled back to her own bed , where she belonged . 
 i was tempted to hide under my pillow , but it occurred to me that that might not be the safest course of action if she was prone to suffocating chaps during the night . 
 not only would i be tempting her to smother me , but i 'd be doing half the job for her if i 'd already positioned my face beneath my pillow . 
 but then again , i was deceased , so maybe she could n't bump me off even if she tried . 
 presumably there are only so many times you can die , and i 'd exhausted my quota already . 
 she visited me one more time . 
 she looked into my eyes again . 
 i thought i saw empathy , but it was hard to be sure , what with the egg-white film across her irises . 
 they looked like they could use a good polish with a damp cloth -lrb- not that i would do such a thing ; it would be highly irregular , buffing up a total stranger in that fashion -rrb- . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i said , a trifle anxiously . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 but she just nodded again , and made her way back to her bed . 
 i was reminded a little of lady macbeth . 
 you know the play ; she persuades her husband to murder the king so he can take his place . 
 but then guilt takes hold of her , and she goes sleep-walking every night , washing her hands as if to rinse off the blood . 
 maybe this was the zombie equivalent ; peering at men in their beds , whilst torturing themselves with the memories of past transgressions . 
 would that help explain why she was wandering around the dormitory in the early hours of the morning , checking me out as i lay cowering beneath my blankets ? 
 no . 
 probably not . 
 morning came . 
 i had n't had much standby time , but at least i knew the last of my cell-mates a little better than before , which was a good thing . 
 and i had n't been murdered in my bed , which was a better thing still . 
 dave arrived . 
 i was pleased to see him . 
 he might have savagely beaten someone to death in front of my very eyes , but he had been provoked by the fellow wanting to use him as a taxi service so i suppose that was fair enough . 
 i 'd have been a little grumpy myself if someone had tried to seize hold of my ears whilst i was driving , too . 
 besides , i far preferred him to doubting thomas . 
 scepticism is never a very attractive trait . 
 i gave him a hug -lrb- dave , not thomas , as thomas was n't there and i would n't have wanted to embrace him anyway -rrb- . 
 he looked embarrassed but said nothing . 
 i 'm not in the habit of giving people hugs , i should stress , least of all men . 
 indeed , it had been some years before my demise that i 'd hugged my wife , but that was mainly because she 'd made it clear that she did n't want any of that sort of nonsense , thank you very much . 
 but i just wanted him to know i 'd appreciated all he 'd done for me , even though it was rather embarrassing for both of us . 
 i appeared to have softened considerably since my burial , craving affection in a way i never would have done before my untimely demise . 
 i 'd certainly softened physically , of course , as my flesh was distinctly crumbly by now . 
 it was a little like chronic dandruff , only it affected my entire body . 
 dave took me back to lizard-lady for another liquid-soaping . 
 i reminded him that it was only recently that i 'd had a bath , and that when i was alive i 'd been in the habit of bathing just twice a week to save all my pension going on water bills . 
 then i remembered that i had n't actually retired , which was very curious . 
 i tried to return to my dormitory in a state of confusion , but he was n't having any of it . 
 i had to bathe every day , he insisted . 
 my skin was decomposing . 
 if i did n't wash regularly , the smell would be overwhelming . 
 charming , i thought . 
 maybe thomas was my favourite after all . 
 dave vaulted back into my good books , though , when he told me that my wife was coming to visit me that afternoon . 
 gloria . 
 my lovely , beautiful gloria . 
 i scrubbed myself with liquid soap for as long as they let me , almost emptying the dispenser . 
 i did n't want her to smell rotting flesh when we were reunited ; it would spoil the moment , and reduce the prospects of our first marital cuddle for a very long time . 
 i felt like i needed a good cuddle . 
 dave was all very well , but i wanted a hug from someone who would actually be willing to embrace me back . 
 it 's better that way , believe me . 
 gloria would be so surprised when i clung on to her like a squishy limpet . 
 i chuckled to myself at the thought of it ; me , of all people , showing affection to her , in public , no less . 
 that would take the wind out of her sails ! 
 but dave gave me a guarded look when he heard me laughing , so i decided to stop , and have a bit of a chuckle later on instead , when he was n't around . 
 back in the dormitory , i broke the good news to my cell-mates . 
 i got mixed reactions . 
 annie was too engrossed with her video-game to notice . 
 the boy -- mark , his name was , as it turned out -- retired under his bedsheets to cry -lrb- i have no idea why -rrb- . 
 only the lady seemed pleased for me . 
 `` my name 's george , '' i reminded her , prompting her to tell me hers . 
 i decided against repeating the whole echo joke again . 
 she 'd heard it once already , and however amusing she may have found it first time round , you can have too much of a good thing . 
 she nodded , to show me she knew . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 it was conventional , after all , for the exchange of names to be a two-way process . 
 she went back to bed . 
 she was n't the easiest person to converse with . 
 `` she 's mary , '' annie advised me , without looking up from her little plastic box . 
 `` she does n't say much most of the time . '' 
 `` mary ? '' 
 i thought for a minute . 
 `` you 're two queens , then . '' 
 annie looked up from her game . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 `` two queens . 
 anne and mary . 
 stewart queens . '' 
 she lost interest before i 'd finished my sentence , returning to her toy . 
 not everyone is as keen on british history as me . 
 maybe she was more interested in geography or mathematics . 
 some people are , you know , however unlikely that may seem . 
 it was then that dave came back for me . 
 i was going to see my wife . 
 now was my chance to break the habit of a life-time -lrb- which is easier to do when you 're deceased -rrb- ; i 'd hug her , and kiss her and ask her to take me home . 
 it was only a matter of time before all my troubles would be over , i was sure of it . 
 i was wrong , of course . 
 they 'd only just begun . 
 we met in a little white-washed interview room , with nothing in it but a couple of stacking chairs and a battered desk with initials and some rather alarming -lrb- and anatomically impossible -rrb- profanities carved upon it . 
 there was a window on the interior wall , so the guard in the corridor could keep an eye on us . 
 there was no window looking out on to the outside world , though . 
 it seemed that the only time i was destined to see daylight in here was when they took me for a soap-down in the toilets . 
 i was in for as much as a shock as she was . 
 this was n't gloria . 
 it looked like her , i 'll grant you . 
 the same suspicious little eyes , the same disapproving frown , the identical defensive posture , bless her . 
 but this woman was at least twenty years older than she should have been . 
 about sixty plus vat , i 'd say , if you made me hazard a guess . 
 even older than the lady in my dormitory ! 
 i thought for a moment that this might be her mother , come to tell me that gloria was poorly and would be in tomorrow instead . 
 but then i remembered that her mother was as dead as i. maybe they 'd dug her up , too ? 
 but no , she 'd been dead since a year or two after the twins had been born -lrb- gloria had never forgiven me for that , either , though why is anyone 's guess -rrb- , and this woman seemed to be in perfect working order , so to speak . 
 you ca n't be in a coffin for years without so much as a liver-spot . 
 `` gloria ? '' 
 i asked , hoping for some sort of explanation for her appearance if it was indeed she . 
 she nodded , but said nothing . 
 my death must have aged her more than i 'd anticipated . 
 poor love . 
 the things she must have suffered on my account . 
 never mind . 
 i was back now . 
 maybe her hair would go back to its normal colour now i was there to cheer her up . 
 i hobbled forwards , arms outstretched , ready to give her the biggest hug imaginable . 
 she scuttled backwards , a look of alarm on her face , and took refuge behind the desk . 
 i tried to skirt it , but she kept a few steps ahead of me , back-pedalling furiously the whole time . 
 we circled around the desk for two complete circuits before i gave up the chase and took a seat on a grey plastic stacking chair to recover my breath . 
 `` i 've missed you so much , '' i told her . 
 it seemed like a good place to start . 
 i had n't expressed my feelings nearly enough when i was alive , but i was so pleased to see her i would have done just about anything she asked of me . 
 except making love on the desk , of course -lrb- a chap has his limits , and besides i suspected that the pressure of my trousers were the only thing keeping my pelvis from oozing away -rrb- . 
 she smiled , but it lacked the warmth of the lady who had been peering down at me in my bed last night . 
 what was her name again ? 
 she was a queen . 
 elizabeth ? 
 matilda , maybe ? 
 not lady jane grey , no-one would give their child a name like that . 
 i decided against telling gloria about her , whatever she was called . 
 it did n't seem like an appropriate topic of conversation , what with her trying to sneak a peek beneath my bedclothes , and everything . 
 `` you 're looking well , '' she lied . 
 `` do i smell ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , george ? '' 
 `` you 're looking a little uncomfortable . 
 dave just told me that i 'd smell if i do n't bathe enough . 
 i just wanted to make sure -- '' `` dave ? '' 
 `` he 's one of the guards here . 
 nice chap , as long as you do n't grab him by the ears . 
 do i ? '' 
 `` do you ? 
 do you what ? '' 
 `` smell . '' 
 `` no . 
 no more than usual . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` just my little joke , george . 
 you 're fine . 
 really you are . 
 they 're obviously looking after you here . '' 
 we lapsed into silence . 
 there was so much i wanted to say to her . 
 but she was so different from how i remembered her , and she was acting flatter than a bulimic pancake . 
 i was supposed to be the lifeless one . 
 it must have been a tremendous shock for her , i reminded myself . 
 it 'll take a while to sink in . 
 sooner or later , she 'll come to terms with all this , and then we 'll be closer than ever . 
 where are the children ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 i 'd hoped they 'd be here with her . 
 `` are they at school ? '' 
 she gave me a strange look . 
 `` why would they be at school ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't know what day of the week it is . 
 is it a weekend ? 
 or maybe their summer holidays ? '' 
 `` they have n't been to school for years . 
 they 're in their thirties now . '' 
 all this had obviously been more of a shock than i 'd thought . 
 she 'd lost her reason . 
 i 'd only been buried for a few months . 
 the children had barely started secondary school when i died . 
 and now she thought they were all grown-up . 
 i shifted uncomfortably in my chair , not really knowing what to say . 
 i was n't very good with hysterical people , especially when i was married to them . 
 maybe i should n't give her a cuddle until she 'd calmed down a bit . 
 best not to over-excite her , i reasoned . 
 `` they told me this might happen , '' she said . 
 `` that you might not remember everything . 
 just the old stuff . '' 
 `` the old stuff ? '' 
 she nodded , but declined to expand upon this . 
 i waited . 
 she waited , too . 
 and then she was on her feet . 
 `` well , i really must be going . 
 george is waiting . '' 
 `` i 'm george , '' i reminded her , more worried than ever that she had cracked up under the strain of losing me . 
 `` you remember ? '' 
 `` no , this is another george . 
 he 's just a friend . 
 nothing for you to worry about . 
 he 's been every kind to me since you -- left . 
 he 's driven me here today , especially to see you . 
 i do n't like to keep him waiting . 
 he 's got bad knees . '' 
 `` but there 's so much i want to tell you . 
 to ask you . 
 to tell you . 
 both . 
 i 've missed you . 
 i do n't like it in here . 
 i want to come home . '' 
 `` you have to stay here for a while , george . 
 it 's for the best . 
 they know how to look after you . 
 i would n't know where to start if you were at home . '' 
 she held out her hand . 
 she was going to leave me with a handshake ! 
 oh , the irony ! 
 but i needed her to stay . 
 i would do whatever it took to keep her with me , if only for a few more minutes . 
 i hate lying , i really do , but desperate times call for desperate measures . 
 `` do n't leave me here . 
 they beat me ! '' 
 she looked at me . 
 she seemed more embarrassed than outraged . 
 i turned it up a notch . 
 `` they make me touch them for biscuits . '' 
 `` that 's not true , now , is it george ? '' 
 i held her gaze for a few seconds , but gave in . 
 i looked to the floor . 
 what would she think of me now ? 
 my integrity was one of the few things she 'd always respected about me . 
 and now she 'd caught me lying to her . 
 i felt wretched . 
 `` goodbye , george . '' 
 she was edging around the table towards the door , trying to keep as far away from me as possible . 
 she was my wife , and she was going , and there was nothing i could do to stop her . 
 `` when will the children visit ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` skye , and little tobermory . '' 
 `` arran , you mean ? '' 
 `` that 's the fellow . 
 i ca n't wait to see them both . '' 
 `` soon , '' she said . 
 `` as soon as you 're better . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'm going to get better . 
 i 'm dead , you know . '' 
 she left the room without replying . 
 i stood by the desk for a moment or two . 
 i felt more alone than i 'd done since i 'd got here , more even than when i was in my coffin . 
 when i was buried underground , i 'd had my love for gloria to keep me going . 
 i still loved her now , of course , that went without saying . 
 more than anything else in the world . 
 but she 'd been so cold , so distant . 
 all things considered , i was n't totally convinced that she still loved me back . 
 i tried to tell dave about gloria , but he was n't keen on making conversation . 
 `` i 'm just here to take you to the dining room , all right ? 
 we all have our crosses to bear , mate . '' 
 `` dining room ? 
 then we do eat here ! '' 
 `` sort of . '' 
 `` do we get desert ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` so what shall i do about my wife ? '' 
 he sighed -lrb- not for the first time , not for the last -rrb- . 
 i do n't think i 'd ever come across anyone who exhaled quite as frequently as him . 
 `` talk to the counsellor . '' 
 `` councillor ? '' 
 `` you 'll see her this afternoon . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 and that was that . 
 why someone from the local council would want to come and visit me was anyone 's guess . 
 maybe it was the health and safety department . 
 maybe word had reached my allegedly grown-up children that i was being refused permission to shower , and they 'd reported it to the local authority . 
 i was grateful to them , little skye and little tobermory . 
 big skye and big tobermory , if gloria was right about them being adults now -lrb- and it seemed unlikely that they would have been talking to a councillor if they 'd still been twelve -rrb- . 
 i mulled this over for a while longer , but then decided to think about lunch instead . 
 that may seem callous , i know , but please remember that i had n't eaten for a quarter of a year , which is the longest i 'd gone without sustenance since i 'd been in the womb . 
 which was somewhere between about fifty and seventy years ago , depending upon whether gloria had lost her marbles or not . 
 dave took me to lunch , and left me there . 
 it was a long room , full of folding tables and stacking chairs , just like you used to get at school . 
 there were maybe two hundred people in there . 
 the queen of england -lrb- i do n't remember which one -rrb- had saved me a seat next to her , which was nice because i did n't want to sit with strangers . 
 the boy was there too . 
 but not annie . 
 she was off on another table , sitting with all the cool kids , no doubt . 
 the atmosphere was quite relaxed ; there was someone at an adjoining table chuckling away like a manic hyena . 
 obviously someone who was eagerly anticipating their luncheon . 
 i was hoping to smell roasted meats and suchlike . 
 pizza at the very least -lrb- not my favourite , but beggars ca n't be choosers -rrb- . 
 but there was no smell of cooking at all . 
 no cutlery on the table either . 
 maybe it was self-service . 
 you go up and collect your knife and fork from those grey plastic cutlery racks once your meal is safely on the tray . 
 that would be it . 
 i was the new boy here , and i just needed someone to teach me the drill . 
 they went up , one table at a time , filing into a side room , and coming out with trays . 
 i tried to take a look at what people had on these trays when they re-emerged , but i could n't see without standing up , and the boy gave me a slight shake of the head when i tried to get to my feet , warning me that this was not the done thing . 
 so i waited , as patiently as a hungry man could , wondering what culinary delights awaited me . 
 finally , it was our turn . 
 we were amongst the last to go up . 
 i made a mental note to advise the queen of england to sit at a table nearer the kitchen next time she saved a place for me , or she would be in danger of losing me as a dining-companion . 
 the adjoining room was not as i 'd hoped . 
 no bustling dinner-ladies in blue uniforms and hygienic hair-nets . 
 no food , more to the point . 
 just a stack of orange beakers and a tray of sachets of liquid soap . 
 at least there were no lizard-ladies there . 
 if anyone had made me take my trousers off in the dining room for a bit of a soap-down , i would have died of shame -lrb- but for the fact i was dead already -rrb- . 
 i returned to my seat even more depressed than i had been before . 
 i tried to take a sip of water from my orange beaker , but the boy gave me that warning look again , so i desisted . 
 i took some comfort in the fact that he was trying to look after me . 
 i 'd have been more comforted , however , by a plateful of steak and kidney pie and chips . 
 the governor came in , flanked by four burly guards . 
 he stood on a dais at one end of the hall . 
 he said grace . 
 i thought this surprising . 
 surely one of us should have said it , if it had to be said at all ? 
 we 'd all been an awful lot closer to god than he 'd ever been . 
 if i 'd made the right call when i was hovering over the operating theatre , i might have been sitting up there now instead of standing down here with head bowed , and eyes as closed as my half-decayed eye-lids would allow . 
 we sat down . 
 we drank our water . 
 we wiped our faces with our wet-wipes . 
 we sat there looking at one another for a while . 
 i wanted to ask my new friends what they thought about my curious conversation with gloria , but decided this was too public a place for such a conversation . 
 i 'd ask them later , when we were alone . 
 and annie , too . 
 if anyone could make sense of it , it would be annie . 
 or dave , i supposed , if i could encourage him to talk . 
 or the governor . 
 or maybe even lizard-lady , but i did n't know her well enough to make a judgement call on that , and she might make me strip and scrub while we were conversing . 
 there was one question i could ask here , though . 
 one question which might help determine whether i was mad , or whether it was gloria who had gone insane . 
 i 'd ask how old i was . 
 if they said fifty something , then everything was as it should be . 
 if they said seventy something , then gloria was right , and i would have lost twenty years of my life , which would be rather harsh -lrb- on top of being dead and all -rrb- . 
 `` excuse me everyone . 
 how old would you say i am ? '' 
 the boy studied me carefully for a minute or two , as if he had money riding on the outcome . 
 `` ninety ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 i turned to the queen of england -lrb- matilda , surely her name was matilda ? -rrb- 
 , and asked for her input -lrb- his being worse than useless -rrb- . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` go on , '' i encouraged her . 
 `` do n't be shy . 
 i wo n't be offended . '' 
 `` it 's hard to guess someone 's age , '' the boy told me knowledgeably . 
 `` especially when their skin 's hanging off their face . '' 
 `` it 's not that hard , '' i remonstrated , a trifle irritated that he was trying to discourage her from venturing a guess . 
 `` just roughly . 
 that 's all i need . 
 go on , madam ; what do you think ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 someone at the next table started laughing again ; i hoped it was n't at me . 
 perhaps i was n't being as subtle as i 'd thought . 
 `` she does n't really talk during the day , '' the boy told me . 
 `` fifty ? 
 do i look fifty ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 my heart sank . 
 `` seventy ? '' 
 i asked her with a heavy heart . 
 she shook her head again . 
 maybe she was simple , after all . 
 `` what then ? 
 how old ? '' 
 `` ninety ? '' 
 the boy proposed again , instantly crossing himself off my christmas card list . 
 she shook her head vigorously , for which i was thankful . 
 that did n't actually leave a lot of numbers , as far as i could make out . 
 i was tempted to try sixty and forty , but neither would have helped . 
 forty , and she 'd just be flattering me . 
 sixty , and it would be halfway between my fifty and gloria 's seventy and i 'd be none the wiser . 
 i gave my face another wipe , more to pass the time than anything . 
 the tissue looked filthy with flesh , which was disconcerting . 
 it was something of a relief when someone clapped their hands , and my fellow prisoners started filing out of the room , one orderly table a time , a gentle river of corroded skin and bone . 
 it was time for our exercise , it transpired . 
 well , i say exercise , but that may be putting it too highly . 
 if you think we were prancing round a gymnasium in our vests and shorts , leaping over vaulting horses , then you 've never had a friend or relative who 's ended up like me . 
 even walking requires concentration , especially when your hips are hurting from wriggling along floors outside guards ' rooms the night before . 
 no , our exercise consisted of going out into a disused car-park in groups of twenty , and sitting around on benches until it was time to go back to our cells . 
 my time on the bench was shorter than most , as i was taken off to see the councillor halfway through . 
 i 'd sat on a bench on my own , deciding to snatch a little `` me '' time . 
 the queen came over , and sat beside me , without so much as a by-your-leave . 
 she tried to take my hand . 
 maybe she was feeling guilty about not guessing my age right . 
 but i was n't having any of it . 
 i drew my hand into my lap -lrb- trusting that she would n't follow it there -rrb- , and shuffled a foot further along the bench . 
 she shuffled after me , but i gave her my sternest look , and she retreated with what i took to be a look of embarrassment on her semi-decayed face . 
 i felt a little guilty at that , but i was still a married man after all . 
 there were conventions to be followed here . 
 i watched as annie circulated around our playground , engaging in a string of in-depth conversations with half a dozen individuals . 
 i envied her having so much to talk about . 
 there was only one thing i wanted to discuss , and that was gloria . 
 but this was neither the time nor the place . 
 i wanted to seek the views of all three of my cell-mates together , seeking their input as a group rather than one at a time . 
 and annie had to be there , if i was to have any chance of having my questions resolved . 
 she looked like she knew things . 
 she may well have been younger even than the boy , but her eyes held knowledge beyond her years . 
 which scared me just a little . 
 thomas came to collect me . 
 i was disappointed , as i 'd been hoping to have another attempt at conversation with dave . 
 `` can dave not take me ? '' 
 `` i 've got no idea what you 're going on about , '' he replied , extremely unhelpfully . 
 dave would n't have spoken to me like that . 
 `` come on . 
 time to see the shrink . '' 
 `` the shrink ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he smirked a little as he led me back inside . 
 `` and not a moment too soon , if you ask me . '' 
 the `` shrink '' , as it turned out was a counsellor with an `` s '' rather than a councillor with a `` c '' . 
 i was disappointed . 
 not because i do n't approve of counsellors , i hasten to add . 
 i 'm sure they perform a very important service to people a little less stoical than me . 
 it was just that i 'd convinced myself that if i was seventy , then my grown-up twins had been lobbying those high up in local government on my behalf , and it was deflating to learn that they had done nothing of the sort . 
 she was a nervous looking woman , all dishevelled hair and unstable glasses . 
 i 'd have said she was my age , but i was n't entirely sure what my age was any more . 
 she fussed me into a chair , and then consulted her file . 
 it was n't much of a file . 
 as far as i could make out , there were only two sheets of paper in it . 
 but she had her note-book , so hopefully it would be a little more impressive by the time we were done . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 she asked , emphasising the middle word of her question . 
 i suppose it was the only word worth emphasising . 
 `` dead , '' i told her , completely accurately , but it seemed to deflate her all the same . 
 `` other than that ? '' 
 `` other than that , i 've never felt better . 
 could you tell me how old i am ? '' 
 she consulted her notes . 
 `` you 're seventy three . 
 could you tell me how old you think you are ? '' 
 it seemed a fair question . 
 quid pro quo , and all that . 
 `` fifty two . '' 
 she scribbled this down on her pad , and underlined it three times -lrb- which alarmed me a little as i was n't used to meriting such determined annotations -rrb- . 
 i resolved to give less away in future . 
 `` i 'm confused . '' 
 she wrote this down too . 
 i cursed myself . 
 `` con-fused , '' she said out loud as she was writing . 
 she looked up , waiting for me to expand upon this . 
 i was n't sure that i wanted to . 
 `` go on , '' she prompted , which did n't leave me anywhere else to go without appearing rude . 
 `` i was fifty two when they buried me , '' i told her . 
 `` i 'm told i was buried for a few months . 
 but when i 'm dug up , i 'm suddenly seventy three . 
 and my wife 's -- what would they make her ? 
 -- seventy -lrb- though she looks even older than that , bless her -rrb- . 
 and my children are grown up enough to phone the council for me . 
 only they did n't , because you 're a shrink , according to thomas . '' 
 `` thomas ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 everyone seems to be using false names in here . 
 even dave called himself something else to the guards at the gate . 
 jim , i think it was . '' 
 she attempted to commit all of this to writing . 
 there was a lot of crossing out , and a little more underlining than i would have liked . 
 she looked at me again , waiting for me to continue . 
 i looked at her back . 
 it was her turn to talk , as far as i was concerned . 
 she blinked first . 
 `` do you feel angry ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 `` angry ? '' 
 `` you know , angry . '' 
 she roared vigourously at me , which was not what i was expecting at all . 
 `` like that . '' 
 i shook my head , just a little frightened now . 
 `` not like that at all . '' 
 `` like what , then ? '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` how do you feel angry ? 
 like this ? '' 
 she screwed up her face and her fists , and made little constipated squeaks . 
 `` is it a bit like that ? '' 
 i shook my head , mystified . 
 i had no idea where she was going with this . 
 she scribbled another entry in her notes , and turned the page . 
 my notes were now officially four pages long , twice as long as when we started , even though i was not aware of having said anything which would be of the remotest interest to anyone . 
 `` why have i aged twenty years ? '' 
 it seemed blunt , putting it like that , but it was the only way i was going to get anything out of her . 
 all that time dealing with people with mental issues must have taken its toll on her . 
 she was probably the most disturbed person i 'd ever met -lrb- other than that man in the back of dave 's car , who had been very disturbed indeed . 
 and angry as well , by coincidence , angry enough to fill two or three pages of this lady 's notebooks if he 'd survived long enough to talk to her -rrb- . 
 `` you have n't . 
 you 've always been seventy three . 
 well , you 've not always been that age of course . 
 sometimes you were forty , or twenty or twelve . 
 but what i 'm trying to say is that you were seventy three when you died . 
 you just do n't remember it . '' 
 a thought struck her , and she started scanning through her notes while i tried to digest what she 'd just shared with me . 
 how could i have forgotten twenty years of my life ? 
 it was ridiculous . 
 `` you 're actually seventy four , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` i 've aged another year already ? '' 
 either she was making fun of me , or she 'd lost it completely . 
 `` it was your birthday yesterday . '' 
 she gave me a huge deranged beam . 
 `` happy birthday , george . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , i did n't really know what else i could say to that . 
 i felt tired . 
 i wished i could sleep . 
 standby is all very well , but it was n't refreshing the way sleep would have been . 
 i needed to clear my head , before i could hope to even start making sense of everything which had happened to me since my escape from my grave . 
 she closed my file . 
 `` time 's up , i 'm afraid . 
 i hope this has been helpful . '' 
 `` can i go home now ? '' 
 `` when you 're better . '' 
 `` i 'm dead . '' 
 `` psychologically better , i mean . '' 
 `` when will that be ? '' 
 `` plenty of time . '' 
 `` how long usually ? 
 on average ? 
 just so i get some idea . 
 friday , maybe ? '' 
 `` i do n't know when . '' 
 she looked a little embarrassed , which worried me a little . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` no-one 's ever got better yet . 
 but there 's always a first time . 
 and i 've got a really good feeling about you . 
 we 'll show them , wo n't we ? 
 you 'll be better before you know it , and i 'll drive you back home myself . '' 
 and just for a second , i think she actually believed that . 
 that night was a hard one . 
 i lay in bed , trying to make sense of everything which had happened to me , and failing dismally . 
 before seeing the counsellor , i had expected my night to be spent tossing and turning over whether it was i or my wife who had lost their reason , but now i knew i had more important things to worry about . 
 it was clear from our conversation that i would never be going home . 
 they would keep me in here forever , and all i would have to look forward to would be the occasional awkward visit from gloria , with nothing to discuss but the extent to which my body had fallen apart since our last encounter -lrb- with the occasional reference to new-george 's bad knees thrown in for good measure -rrb- . 
 queen matilda came to stare at me again . 
 the first time , she looked into my eyes , and then retired to bed , looking almost as troubled as i felt . 
 the second time , though , she caught me crying . 
 she brushed the tears from my face , and for a moment i thought she was going to cry , too . 
 but then she got into bed with me . 
 i turned on to my side with my back to her , embarrassed by this close physical contact with a woman i hardly knew . 
 but then she spooned me , and made little crooning noises , and i let her for a while . 
 i should have ordered her back to her own bed , i know that . 
 it was reprehensible of me to allow her to remain there with me , having regard to my matrimonial status . 
 but she made me feel a shade better , if only for half an hour or so . 
 the following morning , i asked to see the governor again . 
 they refused my request . 
 he was far too busy , i was told . 
 `` but i need to talk to someone who can tell me exactly what 's going on here , '' i remonstrated mildly . 
 `` i 'll only be five minutes . 
 i 'd speak to the counsellor , but i 'm not sure she 's all there . '' 
 but the guards were adamant . 
 the governor was away on important business . 
 and he would n't be back until he 'd finished the nineteenth hole . 
 i asked dave who was the next best person to talk to . 
 lizard-lady looked like she knew a thing or two , but i was a little anxious about approaching her myself . 
 would he do it for me ? 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 he would n't . 
 i do n't think he liked her very much . 
 she 'd obviously given him a scrubbing or two in his time here . 
 did he have any other suggestions ? 
 he did . 
 he recommended i talk to annie . 
 this came as something of a surprise . 
 i realised , of course , that she knew rather more than most of the other inmates here , but dave seemed to be under the impression that she knew more than most of the guards , too . 
 it was a surprise that they 'd stolen her shredded marmalade if she was that high up in the pecking order ! 
 i managed to get her on her own for few minutes during our exercise break that day . 
 feeling a little guilty after our earlier intimacy of the spooning variety , i shooed the queen off our little bench , and invited annie to join me instead . 
 she had been in another of her deep conversations with someone , and it was terribly rude of me to interrupt her , but it was my only hope of speaking with her without other people around . 
 i had previously intended that a group meeting was in order , but i 'd changed my mind . 
 knowing that i would n't ever be going home to gloria made things different somehow . 
 i needed to talk to someone who could tell me exactly what was going on here , and if the queen and the boy were here then annie might not open up to me . 
 we could always have our group meeting afterwards , when i had a better idea what i was up against . 
 i patted the seat next to me , and gave her my best smile -lrb- which was never all that good , even before my face started rotting away -rrb- . 
 she sat down beside me , giving me a curious look . 
 `` are you joining the revolution , or are you just after biscuits again ? '' 
 `` information , my dear . 
 i need information . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` what 's happening out there ? 
 are we the only ones like this ? '' 
 `` god , no . 
 there are tens of thousands . 
 maybe more , no one 's counted . '' 
 `` everyone 's raised from the dead ? '' 
 she hesitated before replying . 
 i think she was deciding whether to bother telling me more . 
 she had important business to attend to with the cool kids , after all . 
 but i gave her another one of my winning smiles and it seemed to do the trick . 
 `` not everyone . 
 some are , some are n't . 
 they do n't know why . 
 they were going to dig up all the graves , but they realised how much money it was costing to house us all , so they limited it to everyone buried during the last six months . 
 you 're cemetery was one of the last . 
 you were lucky . '' 
 `` i do n't feel lucky . '' 
 `` it 's better than being six feet under . 
 you do n't want to turn when you 're six feet under . '' 
 `` turn ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . 
 there are a couple here who are pretty close . 
 see that woman over there ? 
 no , not that one , the one behind her , the one who 's been chuckling away to herself since yesterday lunchtime . 
 sure sign . 
 she 'll be history by the end of the day . '' 
 `` i like history . '' 
 `` not this history , you wo n't . '' 
 `` so what happens when people turn ? '' 
 `` they try to rip everyone to pieces . 
 with their teeth . '' 
 i got up . 
 `` should n't we move away , then ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we 're safe here . 
 she 'll go for the nearest first . 
 they 'll take her down before she gets anywhere near us . '' 
 i studied the woman with trepidation . 
 she looked like she could amble pretty quickly if she had a mind to do so . 
 what if she took a fancy to me ? 
 the queen had shown that i had a certain magnetism when it came to dead ladies , so who was to say that she might not gravitate towards me , too , like an amorous homing pigeon with rabies ? 
 `` relax . 
 she wo n't get more than two of them . 
 the guards allow us two each . 
 it keeps the numbers down . '' 
 i was surprised at the bitterness in her tone . 
 she did n't seem like the type who would be distressed at anything . 
 maybe i 'd have to change my opinion of her after this . 
 i carried on talking , whilst keeping a wary eye on the chuckling lady sixty or seventy yards away . 
 i was n't about to take any chances . 
 i had n't spent all this time scrubbing away at my skin to let some mad woman rend it with her teeth . 
 `` they tell me i 've lost twenty years . 
 why is that , do you think ? '' 
 `` we 've all lost time . 
 some of us more than others . 
 some of us faster than others . 
 you can pretty much tell how long someone has left by the time they 've lost . 
 twenty years is n't great , if i 'm honest . 
 i would n't start making your christmas card list yet , if i were you . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but closed it again . 
 i was going to ask her to be a little more specific upon how long she thought i had left , but decided that there were some things it was better not to know . 
 she got to her feet . 
 `` so what 's it to be , grandead . 
 biscuits or revolution ? '' 
 i looked at her . 
 revolution sounded rather frightening . 
 especially her type of revolution . 
 it would n't be a peaceful john-lennon-in-bed-with yoko-ono one , i was sure of that . 
 it would involve fisticuffs , at the very least . 
 i did n't want any part of that . 
 i was all for making my escape . 
 i wanted to see gloria on home territory , surrounded by our possessions , our photographs , our memories , as maybe that would remind her what we had meant to each other before they buried me . 
 but revolution was too high a price to pay , not least because i had grown rather fond of dave in my own way , and i would n't want him to be a casualty of war . 
 `` biscuits , '' i replied . 
 she turned around with a shake of her head , and walked away , leaving me to my own devices . 
 for some reason , i felt a little ashamed of myself . 
 so ashamed , in fact , that i was a tad snappy with the queen when she stole back to the seat beside me and tried to give me a consolatory cuddle . 
 annie was wrong about the chuckling woman . 
 she did n't turn that day . 
 she turned in the dining-room the following day . 
 and i was sitting at the next table , with my back to her , when it happened . 
 she 'd stopped laughing by then . 
 she was just groaning a little . 
 that made me put my guard down . 
 the boy had opened up to me not long before it happened . 
 he 'd told me his name on a previous occasion . 
 ian , i think it was . 
 let 's call him ian , either way -lrb- `` the boy '' sounds so impolite -rrb- . 
 he was telling me how his wife had turned his back on him , and i was telling him that i was worried that gloria might be getting a little too cosy with this other george -lrb- the one who 'd driven her over to see me , despite his poorly knees -rrb- . 
 ian felt that if he could only see her in the outside world -lrb- his wife , not gloria , you understand -rrb- , everything would be fine , and i had told him that this was a coincidence as i 'd reached much the same conclusion about my own spouse . 
 the queen looked on , nodding her head , so i guess she felt the same way , too . 
 maybe there was a king out there somewhere who had abdicated his throne and was chasing after some wallace simpson while the queen of england languished here in colditz with me , abandoned and forgotten . 
 you never know . 
 and then there was growling from directly behind me , and -- perhaps more worryingly -- a considerable amount of screaming and chomping . 
 i turned to see that the woman behind me had turned . 
 she had retreated beneath the table , and was attempting to pull one of her table-mates down after her into her improvised lair . 
 he was crying for help and struggling to free himself -lrb- as you would -rrb- , but she was far too strong for him . 
 she seemed to have the crazed strength of ten men -lrb- or about sixteen or seventeen women , i suppose -rrb- . 
 she sank her teeth into his thigh and chewed on the flesh as if it was braised steak . 
 there was blood gushing everywhere . 
 i was surprised at that ; i 'd assumed the dead do n't bleed . 
 i remember thinking that , even amid the mayhem in the dining room . 
 i looked around for the guards . 
 there were several of them placed at intervals around the room . 
 some of them had those tasers strapped to their legs , like scaled-down cattle-prods . 
 they freed them from their holsters , but kept their distance . 
 i remembered what annie had said . 
 well , not word for word , but it was something along the lines of them letting turners attack two people before they stepped in , to keep our numbers down . 
 i 'd thought she was joking at the time . 
 i looked back to the crazed woman . 
 she 'd lifted the man 's shirt up , and was eating into his stomach . 
 he was crying with fear and pain . 
 he beat at her head with both fists , trying desperately to free himself of her , but she hung on like a limpet-mine until he struggled no more . 
 the moment he stopped moving , everyone else in the hall stopped staring and they chose instead to scatter in all directions , knowing what was to come . 
 everyone , that is , except the queen and i . 
 we did n't know the drill . 
 we were n't aware of the fact that when one victim stops moving , then it 's time for the turner to move on to the next one . 
 and we were now the only ones in range of the blood-spattered teeth-gnashing piranha before us . 
 she clambered out from beneath the table , her face contorted , like some demented fiend . 
 she snarled at me . 
 i backed away , but fell over my bench , and landed with my back striking the edge of the table . 
 the queen stepped half between us , and put out a hand to placate her . 
 the turner practically bit it off . 
 i watched in shock from behind her right flank as she seized the queen 's forearm with both hands , and started gnawing at her wrist , trying to sever it . 
 the queen screeched in pain . 
 i got to my feet , and went to her assistance . 
 the turner rounded on me , all bared and bloody teeth , warning me away from her food . 
 i backed off . 
 i wanted to help her , i really did , but i was so frightened i just could n't . 
 i 'd seen what she 'd done to the man under the table . 
 i did n't want what little flesh i had left to be shredded by this crazed animal . 
 what chance would i have of being reunited with my beloved gloria if i looked like an explosion at a chicken-drumstick restaurant -lrb- all torn meat and lacerated bone -rrb- ? 
 `` oi ! 
 you leave my nan alone ! '' 
 annie waded in , stolen stun-gun in hand . 
 rather than electrocuting the turner with it , she drove it through her skull with such force than it emerged by her far ear on the other side of her head . 
 the creature twitched once , twice , and then was still . 
 `` nan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she 's your grand-mother ? '' 
 i tried to work out what member of the royal family she would be if she was granddaughter to the queen . 
 a princess of some sort , no doubt . 
 no wonder she was treated with such respect by the other inmates here . 
 a guard came over , and retrieved his taser . 
 he glared at annie . 
 whether it was for stealing his weapon or breaking the let-them-eat-two rule , i was n't sure . 
 either way , she ignored him . 
 she put a protective arm around her grandmother , and led her away . 
 it was the only time annie ever let her defences down in my presence , and it brought a lump to my throat . 
 i wished i 'd been braver . 
 i wished it had been me leading the queen out of the hall . 
 i looked around me . 
 there was blood all over the place . 
 some of it had even splattered on to our table . 
 i took my face-wipe , and gave the table-top an ineffectual dab . 
 as i did so , i noticed globules of blood sinking down to the bottom of my unfinished beaker of water . 
 so it 's not only thicker than water , i thought . 
 it 's heavier , too . 
 i still wanted to see gloria again . 
 more than ever , in fact . 
 but i did n't want to go back to her anymore . 
 sooner or later , i would turn , just as that poor unfortunate woman had just done . 
 i did n't want my family around me when that happened . 
 i did n't even want them to see me like that , yet alone be put in physical danger . 
 all i wanted now was to say goodbye . 
 the queen and annie returned to the dormitory that same evening . 
 the queen was missing her right hand . 
 i could see torn flesh and splintered bone at the stump -lrb- any medical treatment they had given her had been rudimentary to say the least ; there was not so much as a sticking plaster on show ! -rrb- . 
 it was lucky that annie had stepped in when she did , before the turner had taken her whole arm off . 
 i rushed over to them as soon as they entered -lrb- well , rushed may be exaggerating a bit , but i ambled as quickly as my stiff little legs would carry me -rrb- . 
 `` you 're back , '' i said , genuinely delighted by our earlier than expected reunion . 
 i 'd missed them . 
 it was very quiet in there with just ian to keep me company . 
 all he wanted to do was talk about his wife , and much as i sympathised with his position i wanted to postpone the topic until all four of us were together again . 
 the queen hugged me . 
 she looked as pleased to see me as i was to see her . 
 annie , on the other hand , gave me a look which would have frozen rat-poison . 
 `` keep away from her . '' 
 `` i was n't expecting to see you for a week or two . 
 after all the damage that woman did to her . '' 
 annie glared at me . 
 `` stay away , old man . 
 i wo n't tell you again . '' 
 i stepped back , perplexed . 
 `` what 's the matter , annie ? 
 what have i done ? '' 
 `` it 's not what you 've done . 
 it 's what you 've not done . 
 you could have helped her . 
 but you bottled it . 
 if i was n't there , she 'd be dead by now . '' 
 `` she 's dead already , '' i pointed out , not unreasonably , but the expression on her face suggested that i was n't helping my cause . 
 i looked to ian for support . 
 none there . 
 he avoided eye contact , and retired beneath his blanket , like an ostrich burying his head in the savannah . 
 no-one was going to side with me against annie in that mood , that much was clear . 
 i think i 'd have rather taken my chances with the turner than take her on ! 
 `` i 'm nearly fifty , '' i protested . 
 `` i 'm getting on a bit . 
 i 'm in no shape to wrestle zombies . '' 
 `` you 're seventy four . 
 i 've seen your file . 
 and that 's no excuse . 
 anyone with a shred of backbone would have helped her . 
 she would have helped you . 
 she was trying to shield you when she got attacked ! '' 
 which was true . 
 i felt that she would have done just about anything for me . 
 i 'd let her down . 
 but i could hardly just roll over and let her granddaughter dress me down like this . 
 not in front of everyone . 
 it just is n't the done thing . 
 i decided to put her on the back foot ; show her i was not a man to be trifled with . 
 `` you knew that woman was going to turn . 
 you told me so yesterday . 
 you can hardly blame me if she bit your grandmother when it happened . 
 she 's your responsibility , not mine . '' 
 i 'd overstepped the mark . 
 for a second , i thought she was going to hit me . 
 i do n't like violence . 
 i do n't even like confrontation . 
 it scares me . 
 i thought i could sense my heart beating faster , but i imagine that was a figment of my imagination as i do n't for one second believe that my heart is beating at all anymore . 
 she squared up to me . 
 she raised her hand . 
 i cowered . 
 this was awful . 
 i was going to be struck . 
 struck by a lady , worse still . 
 what could i do ? 
 fight or flight , either would make me look ridiculous . 
 besides , she could outfight me and out-fly me , so neither course of action had much to commend it . 
 the queen caught her by the wrist with her remaining hand . 
 she shook her head . 
 annie huffed , but backed off . 
 the queen then placed her hand on my chest , on the spot where my heart had once beaten , and smiled at me . 
 i nodded , as if i understood what this meant -lrb- though in truth i did n't have the remotest idea what she was trying to tell me -rrb- . 
 the important thing was that she 'd saved me from a severe beating from a woman who by all accounts was half a century younger than me . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 this completely took me by surprise . 
 i had n't realised she could talk . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her gratitude made my earlier cowardice even more painful . 
 `` for being the last of them to run . '' 
 she always saw the best in people , even when others saw only the worst . 
 she had a good heart . 
 it was such a tragedy , i felt , that it was n't beating any more . 
 the following day , i had to go back to see the counsellor after my early morning liquid-soaping . 
 to my disappointment , it was a different lady from before . 
 the first one was particularly poor at her job , i 'll grant you , but i 'd rather grown accustomed to her . 
 i 've never liked change , but now i 'm dead i 'm even more adverse to it than ever . 
 this new woman was smart and professional and just a little intimidating . 
 `` i hear a friend of yours had her hand amputated yesterday , '' she said . 
 `` that must have been a shock for you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 it was not really a subject i wanted to discuss with her , or with anyone else for that matter . 
 `` did it make you feel angry ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 she made a note of this . 
 `` not even a tiny little grrr ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 at least she had some things in common with her colleague . 
 `` not so much as a humpf , '' i advised her . 
 `` any unaccountable giggling fits yourself ? '' 
 `` not so much as a chortle . '' 
 she changed tack . 
 `` i hear you 've been asking for biscuits ? '' 
 i nodded warily , unsure of where she was going with this . 
 she put down her biro , and opened the drawer of her desk . 
 out came a packet of chocolate-chip cookies . 
 i love chocolate-chip cookies . 
 i tried not to drool on the carpet , with only limited success . 
 i covered the damp spot with my shoe , in case i got into trouble for soiling the soft furnishings . 
 she took a nibble of one of them -lrb- the biscuits , not my shoes ; she was n't some sort of fetishist , as far as i was aware -rrb- . 
 `` lovely , '' she approved . 
 `` you 'd like them . 
 oozing chocolate . '' 
 i nodded again , this time in full agreement . 
 `` what would you do for a plate of biscuits like these ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 i went back to wary mode again . 
 annie had warned me against propositions such as this . 
 `` you could hold my hand . 
 no more than that . 
 i 'm not a gigolo , you know . '' 
 `` that 's not really what i 'm after . 
 information , mr browne . 
 information about annie . 
 that 's what i want . '' 
 `` about annie ? '' 
 how puzzling . 
 surely she had a file on her which would be much thicker by now than the one she had on me ? 
 `` our sessions have n't been going very well . 
 she tells me everything i want to hear . 
 i tell the governor that she 's fine ; that she 's no risk to society . 
 she should go home . 
 the governor is not impressed with this recommendation . '' 
 `` he is n't ? '' 
 `` he is n't . 
 he wants a different recommendation . 
 he believes that the young lady is seditious . 
 do you know what that means , mr browne ? 
 george . 
 i can call you george , ca n't i ? '' 
 another nod . 
 i was well aware that my biscuity fate rested entirely in her hands . 
 `` there would be no hope of parole if she was seditious . 
 the governor does n't want her to have parole , you follow ? 
 we need someone on the inside . 
 someone who can tell us whether the governor 's suspicions are well-founded . 
 do we understand each other , george ? '' 
 she pushed the plate of cookies over the desk towards me . 
 i took a thoughtful nibble at the one at the top of the pile . 
 `` oh , we understand each other , alright . '' 
 `` of course , cookies are n't the only incentive i can offer . '' 
 please do n't offer to take me home to my wife , i thought . 
 i 'd never betray annie for a biscuit , however chocolaty it may or may not be . 
 but half an hour with gloria , sitting side by side in our favourite armchairs , little skye and tobermory playing quietly at our feet , would be such a cruelly attractive proposal that i did n't think i could bear to turn it down . 
 her desk-drawer opened again , and a packet of supermarket own-brand tea emerged , taking its rightful place beside the plate of cookies i 'd violated earlier . 
 `` you could dunk , '' she whispered , as if mouthing the most decadent and depraved activity known to man . 
 `` you could dunk ! '' 
 i nodded for the final time . 
 i even allowed myself to smile a little . 
 she had given it her best shot , and she had failed . 
 for i knew beyond any doubt that however many luxury consumer goods she thrust across her desk-top to tempt me , i would stay strong for annie and her nan . 
 my triumph was written across my fast-deteriorating face as i made my way to the exercise yard . 
 i sat on my customary bench . 
 the queen came to join me . 
 i took her remaining hand , and squeezed it , just enough to let her know that i cared -lrb- without digging my fingers through her palm -rrb- . 
 i know what you 're thinking ; that romance was in the air . 
 but it was n't ; it really was n't . 
 she was my friend . 
 annie had told me that her grandmother would have sacrificed herself to save me , and i resolved that next time round i would do the same for her . 
 i 'd had my moment of weakness . 
 i 'd deserted her when she 'd needed me most . 
 and i loved another woman , a woman who had struck up a worrying friendship with a rival george , but that did n't matter , none of it did . 
 if ever she turned to me again , i would give my life to keep her safe . 
 or the nearest to life i had left . 
 it took annie quite some time to realise that my feelings towards her grandmother had changed . 
 at first she was suspicious , convinced that i was just using her ancestor to get back into her good books again . 
 but i won her over in the end . 
 telling her about my session with the counsellor certainly greased the wheels in that respect . 
 and so , once we had patched things up , i decided that the moment had come to have a heart to heart with my cell-mates . 
 just the four of us . 
 not even dave was invited , much as it pained me to exclude him . 
 i knew how hurt he would be if i discussed escaping from colditz without consulting him first . 
 he 'd think i did n't trust him . 
 i did , with all my heart i did . 
 we were close friends , that much was clear . 
 but i knew that annie would have her reservations about him , so it was just the four of us who spoke after lights-out that night . 
 i shook annie out of standby first . 
 i 'd become less shy about approaching the young lady 's bed after dark . 
 the number of times her grandmother had tried to slip into mine meant that we were practically family after all . 
 it was clear that if annie was n't in the mood for talking , that there would be no point rousing the others , so she was my first port of call . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , somewhat snappily . 
 i 'm not sure she 'd entirely forgiven me for abandoning the queen yet , but at least she was talking to me again . 
 `` we need to talk . 
 all four of us . '' 
 `` no we do n't . '' 
 `` yes , we do . '' 
 i was emphatic . 
 just for once , i was n't going to let her set the itinerary . 
 `` biscuits or revolution ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` oh , most definitely revolution , '' i replied . 
 she got out of bed . 
 ian was next . 
 he had been crying again earlier that night . 
 he still missed his wife . 
 i 'd decided to help him . 
 i 'd been selfish once , with the queen , but i 'd learnt my lesson . 
 this time , i 'd include him . 
 i 'd make annie proud of me , if it killed me -lrb- again -rrb- . 
 finally , i shook the queen awake . 
 she had actually taken refuge in my bed while i was comforting ian . 
 she was rubbing her hand over the rumpled sheets , as if i was still in there with her . 
 i 'll never really understand women . 
 annie 's bed was next to ian 's and the four of us sat two by two , facing one another . 
 i sat next to ian , while annie and her granny sat opposite . 
 girls facing boys , just like in country dancing lessons when i was a child . 
 `` i 'm going to escape , '' i told them , coming straight to the point . 
 `` but i need your help . '' 
 i sat back and waited for the full import of what i was saying to sink in . 
 they shrugged . 
 `` yeah , why not ? '' 
 ian ventured . 
 maybe they had n't quite heard me . 
 `` i 'm going to escape , '' i repeated . 
 but repeating it did n't seem to help , as they were just as unimpressed as before . 
 `` can i come , too ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` it 'd be a laugh . 
 i need cheering up after everything that 's happened . '' 
 `` yes . 
 you can . 
 the two of us will make a bid for freedom together . 
 it wo n't be easy . 
 we may have to fight our way out . 
 but the rewards will be well worth fighting for . 
 i will say my goodbyes to gloria . 
 and you will win back your wife . 
 are you with me ? '' 
 `` if you like . '' 
 `` if i like ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i looked to annie for support . 
 she seemed amused . 
 i returned my attention to ian . 
 `` you do want to see your wife again , do n't you ? '' 
 `` too right . '' 
 `` well then . 
 let 's do it , chaps ! 
 all we need now is a plan of escape . '' 
 `` which is where i come in . '' 
 that was annie you just heard . 
 she had a plan . 
 i 'd rather hoped she would have , as i would n't have had a clue how to escape if left to my own devices , to be honest . 
 `` any ideas ? '' 
 `` two . 
 one , you could fight your way out , like you said . 
 there are maybe fifty staff here at any one time . 
 some of them are office staff , though . 
 office staff do n't fight . 
 ever . 
 that just leaves the warders . 
 about thirty of them . 
 and the locked doors . 
 and the siren . 
 and the prospect of literally being beaten to a pulp if anyone gets hurt while you 're doing all the macho shit you 'd have to do getting even halfway to the main gates . '' 
 i took a look at ian . 
 he did n't seem too keen on plan a. or plan one , as she 'd termed it . 
 `` is there a plan b ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a plan two , i mean ? 
 ian does n't like the first one . '' 
 `` there is . 
 i give you the keys . '' 
 `` the keys ? '' 
 `` the keys . '' 
 `` that sounds like a better plan than plan a. plan one , that is . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 `` ian ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 it was important to sound him out if we were going on the run together . 
 he smiled his approval . 
 he had never been especially enthusiastic about plan one , i could tell . 
 `` there is one condition , though , '' annie said . 
 i waited for her to elaborate . 
 i suspected that i would n't particularly like her condition . 
 conditions have a tendency of being unlikeable , i 've always found . 
 especially when imposed by women , who do n't always appreciate the trouble they 're putting you to . 
 `` you take my nan with you . '' 
 `` the queen ? '' 
 `` her name 's jane , '' ian prompted . 
 `` matilda , '' i corrected him . 
 `` mary , '' put in annie . 
 i decided not to correct her , as it would be embarrassing for the poor girl to be pulled up on forgetting her own grandmother 's name . 
 i thought things over for a while . 
 `` it would be a bit tricky . 
 i 'm going to say goodbye to my wife . 
 she might not like it if i brought your nan with me . 
 especially if she finds out that she keeps creeping under the blankets with me every time my back is turned . '' 
 ian was on the verge of agreeing , when he saw annie frowning at him , and opted to shake his head vigorously instead . 
 `` i think we should take her . '' 
 `` but my wife , '' i protested . 
 i knew , however that the battle was lost when annie proposed that we take a vote on it . 
 `` all those in favour of george taking nan , '' annie said . 
 she raised her hand . 
 ian followed suit , giving me an embarrassed smile as he did so . 
 queen matilda kept hers down . 
 i supposed she was n't entirely sure what was going on , bless her . 
 `` all those against . '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 the queen did , too -lrb- her left hand , the right one being sadly lacking -rrb- . 
 i looked at her , puzzled . 
 and then i knew . 
 she was doing it for me . 
 i 'd said i did n't want her to come with me , that she 'd ruin my chances of reconciling with my wife . 
 so she had decided to end her days here , in a concentration camp , rather than doing anything which might be an annoyance or an inconvenience to me . 
 for the second time , her gesture made me realise just how much better she was than i at being a human being . 
 `` i would like to change my vote , '' i announced , lowering my hand . 
 `` i 'm not leaving without her . '' 
 annie smiled . 
 i like to think that it was not just because her mother was escaping , but that a tiny part of that contortion of her mouth was a reward for my change of heart . 
 i think that i had taken one small step towards redeeming myself in her eyes . 
 it felt good . 
 `` you 'll be coming too , of course ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm needed here . 
 there are things i have to do . '' 
 i nodded as if i understood what she meant . 
 i did that quite a lot with annie . 
 as often as not , i did n't have the remotest clue what she was going on about , though . 
 `` we 're decided then , '' i said . 
 `` when shall we go ? '' 
 `` tonight , '' annie ruled . 
 `` it has to be tonight . 
 i 'm busy tomorrow . '' 
 `` tonight it is then . '' 
 for some reason , i put out my fist , inviting the others to do the one-potato/two-potato thing as a sign of solidarity , but then i remembered that the queen had one less fist than the rest of us so i withdrew it again with an embarrassed cough which made ian laugh . 
 and tonight it was . 
 we waited until three o’clock -lrb- annie was the only one of us with access to a wrist-watch , so she told us when it was time to put our escape plan into action -rrb- . 
 and then we pretty much walked out . 
 at first , we went in the same direction as we had before , when we were off on our adventure in the staff-room . 
 this time , however , annie told me to get back up again when i dropped onto my stomach so as to wriggle past the window of the guards ' room . 
 `` there are no wardens in there , '' she said . 
 how she knew that there were guards last time but not this is something of a mystery to me , but i was happy to stand back up again . 
 i may only be in my mid-forties , but my joints were telling me that i was getting too old to be a commando . 
 just before we reached the staff-room , annie directed us through a door to our left , and then another door -lrb- for which she needed a key -rrb- . 
 we came out into some sort of goods yard , with just a pair of high wooden double-gates separating us from the outside world and freedom . 
 annie went and opened them , while the three of us milled around , excited to have all this outdoor space to ourselves . 
 ian made little groaning noises , for which he immediately apologised . 
 annie shooed us out through the gates . 
 `` come on , off you go . 
 i 've got to be back past the staff room in fifteen minutes or i 'm toast . 
 scram . '' 
 we filed past her . 
 i was expecting her to hug her grandmother goodbye , but there was no emotion towards any of us as we left . 
 she gave the queen a nod as she passed her by , but that was all . 
 i found that strange , after how fiercely protective she had been in the dining room . 
 it seems i was n't the only one there who was n't all that proficient at showing my feelings . 
 i was the last to go . 
 `` cheerio , '' i said , holding out a hand for her to shake -lrb- and hoping she 'd shake it gently , as i was still a little worried about parts of my rotted body falling off if used too vigorously -rrb- . 
 `` move on , '' she replied . 
 it may have sounded gruff , but that was just her way . 
 deep down , i knew that she 'd miss me , however much she pretended indifference . 
 i was sixty per cent sure of it , at least . 
 well , forty per cent , maybe . 
 more than a quarter , at the very least . 
 i moved on . 
 she shut the gate behind us . 
 i looked at my two companions expectantly . 
 they looked back at me , more expectantly still . 
 this was going to be a long night . 
 `` does anyone know precisely where we are ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 ian shook his head . 
 the queen smiled at me encouragingly , but said nothing . 
 i decided to take that as a `` no '' . 
 i rapped on the gates . 
 `` annie , '' i called . 
 `` annie ! '' 
 after a moment 's hesitation , the left one opened a fraction . 
 annie 's face appeared in the gap . 
 she had a pretty face , i thought , even prettier in the moonlight . 
 even the decayed flesh could n't mask the fact that she would once have been a most attractive young lady . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` which way 's ramsgate from here ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , pointed to the left , and closed the door again . 
 `` annie , '' i shouted , anxious to catch her before she disappeared back inside . 
 `` will you shut up ? '' 
 she yelled back . 
 i thought it amusing that she was shouting for me to be quiet , but decided against telling her this . 
 my attempts at humour in here did n't have a particularly good track record . 
 `` sorry , '' i whispered , very quietly indeed . 
 i was n't sure if she could hear that , but did n't suppose it mattered . 
 it was the thought that counted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she hissed from the goods yard . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 `` no . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 a light went on somewhere inside the pow camp . 
 `` just to say thank you . 
 for all of us . '' 
 no reply . 
 she 'd gone . 
 i hoped she 'd heard that before she left . 
 i did n't want her to think we were ungrateful for the risks she 'd taken . 
 it was time to go , before they set the blood-hounds loose on our trail . 
 you should always wade in water when bloodhounds are on your trail , but the nearest water i knew about was the english channel , and i decided that three zombies wading along the beach might draw attention to themselves . 
 i hunched over , keeping low to the ground . 
 that was what they do in war films , when they do n't want other people to see them . 
 make yourself small . 
 i motioned for the others to do the same . 
 ian made a half-hearted attempt to copy me , and the queen ignored me altogether . 
 i straightened up again . 
 there seemed little point in me making myself small if everyone else was going to be different sizes . 
 `` come on , chaps , '' i said , beckoning them to follow me as i set off towards the right . 
 `` did n't annie say `` left '' ? '' 
 ian asked dubiously . 
 i shook my head and chuckled , like an indulgent parent with a misguided child . 
 `` no , bless you . 
 she definitely said we should turn right . 
 did n't she , matilda ? '' 
 the queen gave me a mildly curious look . 
 `` there you go , '' i told ian . 
 `` right , it is . '' 
 and we set off at an amble towards what i was later to discover was dover town centre . 
 why annie would want to direct us there was anyone 's guess ! 
 it took us a long time to walk into town . 
 i do n't think it would have been a particularly taxing walk had we all been alive , but we were hobbling along like chimpanzee sleep-walkers , which is n't the most efficient of gaits . 
 besides , we did n't actually know we were heading for dover town centre . 
 we thought we were aimed in the direction of ramsgate . 
 it was the castle that first gave the game away . 
 `` that ' s a castle , '' ian announced , pointing it out to us in case we were in any doubt what he was going on about . 
 we followed his rotting finger to the top of the hill . 
 there were high stone walls curtaining a central keep , towers stationed around the circumference , all in battle-ship grey . 
 `` it ca n't be , '' i ruled . 
 `` there are no castles in ramsgate . '' 
 `` maybe it 's a theme park ? 
 with rides and stuff ? '' 
 ian suggested . 
 i nodded . 
 it did n't seem terribly likely , but what other explanation could there be ? 
 then i shook my head instead , remembering that there are n't any theme parks in ramsgate either . 
 then i nodded it again , deciding that we must be in margate , which was only one town away . 
 there was a theme-park in margate , i recalled . 
 it had a scenic railway . 
 and now a castle as well , it seemed . 
 we were n't far from home . 
 ian found my head 's change of direction amusing . 
 he chuckled away as i nodded , and shook my head and nodded again , as if i was his very own personal clown . 
 the queen gave him an odd look . 
 i gave her an odd look in turn , puzzled at this over-reaction to a little merriment in our band . 
 it only remained for ian to give her an odd look of his own , and we 'd have a mexican wave of raised eyebrows , which is something i 've never witnessed before . 
 it was daylight by the time we noticed the first shops around us . 
 i kept an eye out for a chemist , as my feet were hurting and i thought cornplasters might work wonders . 
 there seemed to be a lot of kebab houses and suchlike . 
 my mouth watered until i was drooling on the pavement , but none of these establishments were open at that time of the morning . 
 i made a little groaning noise , so desperate was i to taste meat again . 
 the others followed suit . 
 i was n't certain if they felt the same way as i did , or whether they were just copying me to show solidarity with their leader . 
 either way , there were three long trails of liquid behind us by the time we reached the bus stop . 
 those bloodhounds were going to have the easiest task of their lives to track us down , what with us leaving three lines of spittle on the pavement in our wake . 
 `` are you sure that was n't a castle ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 he chuckled again . 
 `` it looked like a castle . '' 
 `` there are definitely no castles in ramsgate , young man . '' 
 i do n't know why i called him `` young man '' . 
 i was only in my forties -lrb- maybe even late thirties ; i could n't quite remember my precise age for some reason -rrb- . 
 it just slipped out . 
 maybe it was because he was acting like a teenager , especially with that inane chuckling of his . 
 a bus arrived . 
 the doors opened . 
 we got on . 
 the driver was too busy messing around with his ticket machine to notice us at first . 
 it was not very good customer service , i must say . 
 i 've always been one for politeness . 
 just ask my wife . 
 it was strange , but for a second , i could n't remember her name . 
 it began with a `` b '' or a `` g '' or a `` d '' . 
 one of the letters which sounded like that . 
 i 'll remember it in a minute . 
 i 'll let you know when i do , to save you having to find out for yourselves . 
 the driver looked up . 
 he screamed , and cowered from us as if we had the bubonic plague or something . 
 i rapped on the glass screen , a trifle crossly i have to admit . 
 there was no call for his behaviour . 
 no call for it at all . 
 `` stop that , '' i told him sternly . 
 `` you 're distressing my friends here . '' 
 ian smirked . 
 he was starting to annoy me almost as much as the bus driver . 
 `` three returns to ramsgate , please . '' 
 there was only one other person on the bus . 
 a man in his forties , brown leather jacket . 
 he came over to see why the driver was screaming . 
 and blow me down , he started screeching too , when he saw us . 
 he bolted upstairs to the top deck . 
 what was wrong with these people ? 
 had they never seen a zombie before ? 
 `` we do n't go to ramsgate , '' said the driver , composing himself just a little . 
 ian intervened . 
 `` you 're going to ramsgate ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 the vehemence in his voice took me by surprise . 
 i put a restraining hand on his shoulder . 
 i could feel my hand sink through to the bone beneath his shirt . 
 he was even more decomposed than i was . 
 `` come on . 
 there 's no need for unpleasantness . '' 
 the man upstairs was now banging on the windows for help . 
 there was no-one else around , so it seemed a waste of energy . 
 you get used to preserving energy when you 're deceased , whereas the living squander it without realising quite how precious it is . 
 i thought of popping upstairs to explain this to him , but decided that this might make things worse so i opted to leave him to his own devices . 
 he 'd get bored of banging sooner or later anyway . 
 `` okay , okay , ramsgate , '' the driver nodded . 
 he pulled away from the kerb without so much as a glance in his rear-view mirror . 
 another black mark for him , i 'm afraid to say . 
 we took our seats . 
 the queen made sure she took the seat next to mine , with ian settling down immediately behind us . 
 `` do you think he wants paying ? '' 
 ian enquired . 
 `` he would 've said something . 
 it must be an early-bird special . 
 you get on for free , and you can choose where the driver goes . 
 no wonder the council are broke , offering deals like that . '' 
 we had sat at the front , by the wheelchair bay , and we settled back into our seats as we watched the shops go by . 
 before we knew it , we were on the open road . 
 ian thought he saw a castle again , but i ignored him . 
 sometimes , the best way to deal with a problem which you ca n't otherwise solve is to pretend it does n't exist . 
 everything always tends to work out okay in the end if you ignore it long enough . 
 neville chamberlain was of much the same opinion as me , i think you 'll find -lrb- although that might not be the best of examples -rrb- . 
 gloria , by the way . 
 my wife 's name is gloria . 
 i 've just remembered . 
 i told you i would . 
 at one point , the bus came to an abrupt stop . 
 the driver 's door opened , as did the main doors out of the bus . 
 the driver tried to make a break for it . 
 ian went for him . 
 the driver scuttled back into his driving cubicle . 
 we set off again . 
 we sat back down . 
 it was all rather curious , especially as we were in the middle of nowhere -lrb- well , on the a256 anyway -rrb- . 
 ian stayed on guard at the front seat after that , in case of any further dereliction of duty on the part of the driver -lrb- whom i was determined to report to the bus company for his surly and unhelpful behaviour -rrb- . 
 the queen and i swapped seats with him , so we were now immediately behind him . 
 she took my hand , and squeezed it . 
 i felt my flesh give a little , but said nothing . 
 i gave her an encouraging smile . 
 i was pleased that she 'd come along , despite my earlier reservations . 
 she was good company , even if she did n't say a great deal . 
 the man upstairs stayed upstairs . 
 it was probably for the best . 
 he was of a nervous disposition and would have somewhat strained the atmosphere . 
 ian suddenly realised that we would n't be getting our beaker of water and our tissue at lunchtime . 
 i was n't too worried about the water ; we could get plenty of that at ian 's house when we went to visit . 
 but the lack of wet-wipes was of concern . 
 we were going home to meet our loved ones . 
 we needed to look our best . 
 washing out our facial sores and cavities might seem like a small thing to you , but to us it could be the difference between success and failure , between acceptance and rejection by those who meant most to us . 
 i think ian was hoping for a bit of a cuddle with his wife if she took him back , and the lack of a wet-wipe bore hard on him . 
 eventually , i started to recognise a few landmarks . 
 i was pretty sure that we were back in ramsgate . 
 the issue was settled beyond doubt when ian directed the driver left at the harbour , and i saw the mcdonalds restaurant to our right . 
 i knew that this was a ramsgate restaurant -lrb- although i think they might have opened a second branch somewhere in canterbury as well -rrb- . 
 we were home . 
 ian started chortling like a school-boy who finds himself locked in the school tuck-shop overnight . 
 he leapt up , and banged on the window of the driver 's cubicle . 
 `` let me out . '' 
 the doors were open in a flash . 
 ian was off , and running up the road as if chasing down jesse owens . 
 i tugged the queen to her feet , and was just about to set off after him when i remembered my manners . 
 i let go of the queen 's remaining hand , just as the doors closed -lrb- they never give you enough time to get off the bus nowadays -rrb- . 
 i was inside , she was out . 
 she started banging on the doors , desperate to get back in with me . 
 i held out a hand , motioning for her to be patient for just a second . 
 `` thank you , driver , '' i said . 
 `` are you sure we do n't owe you anything ? '' 
 he shook his head , as he pressed himself against the far window of his cubicle . 
 it was for the best , as i did n't have any money on me anyway . 
 the doors opened again . 
 i stepped off the bus . 
 the queen threw herself into my arms as if we 'd been separated for months . 
 she made a similar little whimpering noise to that i had made when passing the kebab shop in margate earlier that day . 
 i stroked her hair . 
 i was becoming rather fond of her . 
 her hair stuck to my oozing hand , and i accidentally pulled a few strands of it from her head . 
 she did n't seem to notice . 
 `` we have to go , '' i told her , as the bus pulled away at speed . 
 `` we have to be there for ian . '' 
 she nodded , but stayed attached to me . 
 i prised her gently away . 
 it was n't all that difficult , as she only had one hand to hang on to me -lrb- although she was surprisingly strong for a one-armed lady -rrb- . 
 ian was some distance away by now , ambling past argos as fast as his stiff little legs could carry him . 
 i could hear him chuckling away , even from here . 
 we set off after him , determined to be there for him if he needed us . 
 this was going to be a big day for all of us . 
 if everything went according to plan , he would be reunited with his wife and child in time for a hearty lunch -lrb- which hopefully he would share with the queen and i -rrb- . 
 and once he had reconciled with his wife , then i would be able to say my goodbyes to mine . 
 whatever her name was . 
 we set off after ian , but it was n't long before i realised that women of a certain age are n't very good at running . 
 having said this , i was running even worse than my travelling companion , and i was actually viewing her disappointing efforts at a sprint from three or four yards behind her . 
 still , i kept chivvying her along . 
 `` faster ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` we have to catch ian ! '' 
 she lolloped along ahead of me , as game as you like , but ian was long gone by the time we reached the top of the high street . 
 we came to a puzzled stop outside argos while we paused for breath . 
 we considered our options . 
 we had to find him , come what may . 
 he would need our help if he was to win back his lady-love . 
 time was short ; the minutes were ticking away . 
 for all i knew , he had found his wife already , and was going about things entirely the wrong way without older and wiser heads to advise him . 
 `` quick ! '' 
 i urged on the queen . 
 `` find ian ! '' 
 `` what am i , a bloodhound ? '' 
 she replied . 
 i was n't used to her talking . 
 it was only the second thing she 'd ever said to me . 
 i hoped she 'd say more now she had got the hang of it . 
 in view of the extreme urgency , we decided to sit down on a bench for an emergency think . 
 she held my hand . 
 it was like we were back at the concentration camp exercise yard again , only this time we were free . 
 i smiled reassurance at her , and she smiled her faith in me right back . 
 it was nice . 
 something inside of me would have been glad to stay there , just the two of us , sharing the moment , but there was ian to think about . 
 he needed us . 
 we had plenty of time for cosy contentment later on , i thought -lrb- incorrectly as it turned out -rrb- . 
 `` what to do ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 her earlier sentence was obviously a flash-in-the-pan . 
 `` we have to do something . '' 
 she leant towards me . 
 i thought she was about to whisper her plan in my ear , but she honed in on my face instead . 
 her lips touched mine . 
 well , i say her lips ; neither of us had very much left of our mouths , so it was more of a case of our teeth clunking together . 
 but the thought was there . 
 she looked me in the eye . 
 i looked her back . 
 it would have been rude not to . 
 `` you 're worried about ian , are n't you ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 she rolled her eyes , and shuffled away from me , turning as she did , so her back was to me . 
 she crossed her arms defensively . 
 something had upset her , although it was difficult to know what . 
 ian , probably . 
 i 've never met anyone who cares about other people the way she does . 
 and then we had a stroke of luck . 
 we heard a woman screaming from nearby . 
 i looked at her ; she refused to look at me back . 
 we were clearly both thinking the same thing . 
 `` ian ! '' 
 i exclaimed triumphantly . 
 i leapt to my feet . 
 she seemed rather less excited , but got up all the same . 
 i suppose she was tired after our gallop up the high street . 
 she was some years older than me , after all . 
 we honed in on the scream . 
 just two hundred yards away from where we had been sitting , we found an open door leading into a thin terraced house with three buzzers outside . 
 we stepped over the free local newspapers and pizza takeaway menus on the carpet and rushed up the stairs one at a time -lrb- two would have been excessive -rrb- . 
 on the first floor , there was another open door . 
 we took it -lrb- we 'd never have made the next flight up without a rest anyway -rrb- . 
 and sure enough , ian was there . 
 his wife was inside , hugging a toddler to her chest , and screaming herself hoarse . 
 when she saw the queen and i , she screamed louder still . 
 maybe it was because none of us had had a rub-down with a wet-wipe for the best part of twenty four hours . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ian was saying . 
 `` i 'm really , really sorry . 
 i 'll leave . '' 
 this was wrong . 
 this was so , so wrong . 
 he was her husband . 
 the little boy 's father . 
 he had nothing to apologise for ; it was hardly his fault that he was dead . 
 someone needed to knock their heads together -lrb- not literally , of course ; that would have been extremely counter-productive , in my view , and would have earned us at least a caution from the police -rrb- . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i commanded her . 
 `` stop it this instant . '' 
 ian tried to take my arm and guide me away , but i was having none of it . 
 he was going to reconcile with his wife , if it killed him -lrb- again -rrb- . 
 `` stop screaming ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 the queen came to stare at me . 
 `` i 'm not turning , '' i reassured her . 
 `` i 'm just a bit cross . '' 
 ian 's wife had stopped screaming . 
 she was now whimpering instead . 
 it was n't an attractive noise , but at least it was quieter . 
 i took the two of them by their arms , and pulled them together . 
 `` now work this out . '' 
 ian shook his head . 
 `` go on , '' i prompted . 
 `` tell her how you feel about her . 
 tell her from the heart . 
 she 'll understand , i 'm sure of it . 
 and i 'll stay here , to make sure she does n't start that infernal racket again . '' 
 ian giggled . 
 i tutted . 
 surely he was n't going to start all that nonsense yet again ? 
 gloria giggled , too . 
 no , not gloria , the queen i mean . 
 what a strange mistake for me to have made . 
 gloria was my wife , i think . 
 she was about thirty , as far as i could recall . 
 `` there 's no point me talking to her , '' ian chuckled . 
 `` there 's always a point ! '' 
 `` there is n't . 
 there really is n't . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 he was exasperating me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` why wo n't you tell this young lady what she means to you ? '' 
 `` because i 'm in the wrong flat . 
 i live in the next one up . '' 
 the queen howled with laughter . 
 i , on the other hand , have never been so mortified in all my life -lrb- or subsequent death -rrb- . 
 we made our apologies and left . 
 we tried again upstairs . 
 a tired looking woman opened the door . 
 she looked startled to see us , but stifled it quickly . 
 she opened the door , and waved us in with a resigned sweep of her arm . 
 there was another little boy inside . 
 this one was older than the last . 
 four maybe ? 
 he was sitting on the sofa , drinking squash . 
 very bad for the teeth , you know , but it still took a lot of self-control to stop me stealing it from him . 
 `` bed , '' she said . 
 to him , you understand , not to me . 
 she was n't that sort of woman , and i was definitely not that sort of man -lrb- even if i had been kissed on a bench by an unmarried lady moments before -rrb- . 
 `` i 've only just got up , '' he replied , sounding mystified . 
 `` just for a few minutes . 
 i 'll take you to the swings and slides when we 're done . '' 
 this did the trick . 
 he left . 
 we all sat down . 
 i was worried about flaking over her upholstery , but there were no plastic covers to hand as far as i could see . 
 besides , there were more important matters to concern us all . 
 `` my name is george . 
 i told her . 
 as in echo-o-o-o . '' 
 she gave me a strange look . 
 it had n't sounded quite right . 
 something was missing . 
 i gave it further thought as ian made his representations . 
 `` you would n't come to see me , '' he said , with more than a hint of resentment in his voice . 
 `` i could n't . '' 
 `` you could . '' 
 `` no , ian . 
 i could n't . 
 i really could n't . '' 
 `` you could ! '' 
 `` i could n't ! '' 
 she virtually screeched at him . 
 this was going to be a long -lrb- and not particularly articulate -rrb- conversation if they carried on in this fashion ! 
 `` tell him why , '' i interjected , deciding to referee . 
 `` why could n't you ? '' 
 she gave me a look , but did as i had bidden her . 
 `` you 're not the same as you were before . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` you 're dead for a start . '' 
 ian laughed . 
 it was not a sane laugh . 
 i started to become a little uneasy . 
 for the first time , i linked his chuckling fits with the laughter of the woman in the exercise yard . 
 she had turned the day after her chuckling fit , i think . 
 had he been laughing yesterday , or was today the first day ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 the queen had known . 
 all those looks she had been giving me . 
 i cursed myself for not picking up on it before . 
 `` i miss you , '' he was telling her . 
 `` i miss our child . '' 
 `` you 've never even met him . '' 
 `` i have . 
 just now , i have . '' 
 `` and you 've formed an emotional attachment already , have you ? 
 after just a minute or two ? 
 boy , you zombies are real quick workers . '' 
 `` i 'm not a zombie ! '' 
 he was getting agitated again . 
 `` yes , you are . '' 
 `` i think we should be going now , '' i put in . 
 they ignored me . 
 `` have you any idea how hard it is for us ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` being married to a corpse ? 
 if you were alive , it would be easy . 
 i could divorce you . 
 but i 've been to see a lawyer , and she tells me you ca n't divorce someone who 's already dead . 
 no legal precedent for it , she said . '' 
 `` why would you divorce me ? '' 
 he sounded angrier still . 
 that was n't good . 
 `` i have n't done anything wrong ! '' 
 `` you 're different . 
 you 're like a teenager now . 
 a silly , stupid teenager . '' 
 `` i am a teenager ! '' 
 `` you 're twenty three . 
 we 've been married six years . 
 but when i visited you , you could n't remember our last couple of years together . 
 nothing except your accident . '' 
 `` i 'm still me . '' 
 `` you 're not . 
 you 're really not . 
 i was married to a man when you had the crash . 
 now look at you . '' 
 `` i 'm still me ! '' 
 his shouting shocked her . 
 she looked nervous for the first time . 
 she stood up . 
 `` i think it 's time for you to go . '' 
 `` this is about money , is n't it ? 
 you 're just punishing me because i 'm not working . '' 
 she sat back down again . 
 she seemed very tired indeed . 
 she held her head in one hand , massaging her own temples between fingers and thumb . 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` do you know what ? 
 the money really does n't help . 
 how am i supposed to raise jack on my own ? 
 they 've even stopped my widow 's benefit since they dug you up . 
 it hardly seems fair , does it ? 
 you 're alive enough for me not to be a widow any more , but dead enough for me not to be able to divorce you . '' 
 it was then i noticed he was drooling . 
 i felt sick with fear . 
 i knew what drooling meant , from my earlier experience outside the kebab shop . 
 it meant that he was hungry . 
 hungry was not good for any of us . 
 it was time to intervene . 
 i had to get him out of here quickly , and then work out what to do with him once his family was safe . 
 `` we 're going , ian . '' 
 `` who the fuck is ian ? '' 
 he rounded on me . 
 `` you are . '' 
 `` he 's not , '' put in his wife , unhelpfully . 
 `` he 's mark . '' 
 was she determined to argue about everything ? 
 maybe he was better off without her . 
 `` are you all mad ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 `` he was ian at the concentration camp , and as far as i can recall he has n't signed a change of name deed since we arrived here on the bus . '' 
 the queen took my arm , and shook her head . 
 she was right . 
 however bad this woman 's memory might be , there was no excuse for remonstrating with her . 
 we had more important things to do . 
 like saving her life . 
 and then , sudden as anything , ian was on top of her , biting her to the breast like a madman . 
 i 'd backed off last time , but not this time . 
 i grabbed his shirt and tried to tug him off . 
 he rounded on me , snarling , but i held firm . 
 he decided to ignore me , and went back to eating his wife . 
 her screaming was piteous to hear . 
 i just was n't strong enough to keep him away from her . 
 my muscles were wasted from under-use . 
 it was like i was an old man . 
 the queen pulled me off -lrb- if you 'll excuse the expression -rrb- . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted , desperate to return to my task . 
 `` we have to save her . '' 
 `` too late for her , '' she said . 
 `` we have to save the child instead . '' 
 my heart sank a little . 
 she was right . 
 ian 's wife was beyond salvation . 
 there was blood all over the place . 
 he appeared to be munching his way through to her breast-bone . 
 it was only a matter of time before he rounded on one of us , or upon the child he 'd never met , or all three . 
 and there was no annie to save the day this time round . 
 i retreated . 
 i thought for a second . 
 i nodded . 
 and then we were scuttling off to the door on the left , through which the child had gone when we 'd first arrived . 
 we found him on the floor , playing with those stacking bricks you get . 
 `` come on , young man , '' i urged him . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 `` mummy says i 'm not to go with strangers , '' he replied . 
 she would have been proud of him if she was n't in the process of being consumed by her dead husband . 
 `` and mummy 's right . 
 but she 'd like you to come with us anyway . 
 just this once . '' 
 he shook his head , and stayed put . 
 `` we have to go , '' i reasoned . 
 `` daddy 's eating mummy . '' 
 he started crying , but stayed on the floor . 
 i looked to the queen for support . 
 she marched over , seized the little fellow by the hand and yanked him to his feet . 
 she marched him to the door . 
 he started yelling , just as his mother went silent . 
 we threw open the door , and made a hobble for freedom , with the little boy in tow . 
 his father was gorging on his mother 's entrails . 
 he looked up as we scooted past him . 
 `` rah ! '' 
 he bellowed at us -lrb- which was clearly nonsense -rrb- . 
 we ran for it , pulling the protesting child after us . 
 i slammed the front door in ian 's face , hoping that if he had lost his reason he might not be able to work out how to get it open again . 
 he did . 
 worth a try , though , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
 he was younger than us , faster than us . 
 we had no chance of outrunning him . 
 we needed somewhere to take shelter . 
 would argos be open yet ? 
 a man came running down the stairs from the flat above . 
 he launched himself forwards , barrelling into the blood-soaked ian as he erupted through the door , and shunting him down the stairs on top of us . 
 we went down like ten-pins -lrb- a strike , you could say , only with considerably more thrashing around than you 'd ever see in a reputable bowling alley -rrb- . 
 the little boy cried even more , as his father and the stranger from the top flat wrestled for supremacy on top of us . 
 the stranger punched ian , whose temple caved in beneath the weight of the blow . 
 ian howled , but continued to struggle . 
 i wriggled free from beneath them , and pulled the queen out after me . 
 i felt her arm give in the socket . 
 fortunately it was her bad -lrb- handless -rrb- arm , so the fact that i had dislocated it did n't leave her any more disabled than she was before . 
 the child followed us out . 
 he started crying when he saw his long-lost father biting into the face of the nice man from upstairs . 
 you would , would n't you ? 
 i grabbed his hand , and hurried towards the front-door , nearly slipping on the stray newspapers as i left . 
 i slammed the door after us , to slow him down a little . 
 it was only a matter of time before he would finish off the neighbour , and come after the three of us . 
 i had to make sure that we were long gone by then . 
 i heard a siren in the distance . 
 maybe two . 
 maybe the neighbour had called the police before coming to investigate the screaming for himself . 
 i worried that they might arrest us first and ask questions of us later , what with us being zombies and all . 
 it was time for us to make ourselves scarce until the smoke settled . 
 i set off in the direction which seemed the most familiar , holding the little boy tightly by the hand . 
 the queen scurried along behind , covering our retreat . 
 `` mummy ! '' 
 cried the child , as his home disappeared from view . 
 `` mummy 's gone , young man , '' i told him . 
 `` not to worry . 
 you have us now . '' 
 for some reason , that made him cry all the more . 
 there was a recreation ground at the bottom of the road , by the traffic lights . 
 not a large one . 
 just big enough for swings and slides , and a makeshift children 's football pitch or two . 
 but the important thing was that i recognised it . 
 i had played here as a boy , although the playground was very much more rudimentary than now -lrb- we had a rather rickety seesaw rather than the convoluted climbing frame which stood there now -rrb- . 
 i knew my way home from here . 
 there were a few more people around now . 
 they looked over when they heard the little boy crying , and then when they saw the queen and i they stared and stared . 
 one crossed the road towards us , but then thought better of it and crossed back again to the safety of the far pavement . 
 they were frightened of us . 
 they thought that we were like ian . 
 we were n't , of course . 
 not yet . 
 the child stopped walking as we were crossing the recreation ground . 
 i tugged on his hand to encourage him onwards , but he made a stubborn little noise and dug his heels in . 
 i pulled again , but he made the grunt louder this time , and pulled his hand away . 
 he folded his arms across his little chest , and glared at me . 
 in my day , he would have got a smack across the legs to get him walking again , but i knew that smacking was frowned upon nowadays -lrb- especially when it involved zombies and small children -rrb- , and i did n't want to draw even more attention to us than we had already . 
 besides , i had to make allowances for the fact that he was an orphan . 
 his mother was dead , and his father had died some considerable time before . 
 the queen knelt down beside him . 
 he drew back , nervous of her , although for some reason i knew that it was n't her decaying face which scared him but the fact that she was a stranger . 
 children are better than adults at accepting the unusual . 
 as long as it does n't come creeping out from beneath their bed when the lights are out , they can take pretty much anything in their stride . 
 she pointed to the swings , and raised an almost non-existent eyebrow . 
 he nodded , a little uncertainly . 
 she took his hand and led him over to the play-area . 
 i followed along behind . 
 i cast a nervous eye around the half dozen or so people who had congregated around the boundary of the recreation ground . 
 they were waiting for their chance to take the boy away from us . 
 i would have been tempted to let them , if they had n't seemed such a hostile bunch . 
 he would be better off with us until we could find him a suitable surrogate parent . 
 dave , perhaps . 
 `` i was going home . 
 to say goodbye . 
 i 'm not sure i can leave you with those people over there , though . 
 they look cross . '' 
 `` go , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 you need me here to protect you . '' 
 she laughed . 
 she 'd laughed a few times already this morning . 
 after what had just happened to ian , it made me anxious for the first time . 
 i felt her forehead . 
 it was warm . 
 i did n't think we could get warm in our condition . 
 i resolved to ask annie about that , but then remembered that i would never see her again . 
 `` you 're hot . '' 
 she winked . 
 i had no idea why . 
 it seemed like rather an odd thing to do , to me . 
 `` go , '' she said again . 
 `` but you need me , '' i protested . 
 i was n't sure whether it was she who needed me , or the other way round . 
 i would miss her if i left . 
 she nodded . 
 she looked sad . 
 `` go , '' she said a third time . 
 three `` goes '' in a row . 
 by her taciturn standards , that was positively garrulous . 
 she was right , of course . 
 what would have been the point of our escapade if we 'd come all this way for nothing ? 
 but still i hesitated . 
 the boy broke away , making a bee-line for the swings and slides . 
 she followed after him . 
 i stood my ground for a few seconds , uncertain whether to amble after them or whether to continue with my quest on my own . 
 she looked over her shoulder at me , and gave me a reassuring smile . 
 `` i 'll be back in twenty minutes , '' i called to her . 
 then , remembering the speed at which i walk now , added `` better make that forty . '' 
 i headed off in the direction in which i knew my home to be . 
 this was the moment i 'd been waiting for since i first awoke in my coffin . 
 walking back through my front-door , seeing my wife , my house , all my familiar and comforting things around me -lrb- including the tea-pot and biscuit jar ! -rrb- 
 but now , leaving the queen behind me , encircled by the hostile living , it just felt wrong . 
 i so hoped that she would still be here when i got back . 
 things became more and more familiar , the closer i got to home . 
 there was the old gas-works , the newsagent , the college up ahead . 
 it started to drizzle with rain after five minutes or so , but only very lightly and i hardly noticed it anyway . 
 i was torn between my relief at being back in my own neighbourhood , and anxiety at having left the queen alone . 
 and then i was in my street . 
 a few lamp-posts along and i was standing outside my house . 
 and there , on her hands and knees in the front garden , tugging away at the most stubborn of the weeds in the flower border , was a woman whom i could only assume to be my wife . 
 she had her back to me , and she was wearing old lady clothes and a floppy hat , but who else would be weeding my garden for me ? 
 all i had to do was walk through the garden gate , say `` hello '' , and then `` goodbye '' . 
 explain to her in-between that i loved her , but that i could never see her again . 
 it was too dangerous for her . 
 she had her whole life ahead of her , whereas mine was very much spent . 
 she was only in her twenties , after all . 
 we would never have the children we were trying for -lrb- we 'd planned on naming them after the scottish islands , for some reason i can not now recollect -rrb- . 
 but she would be safe , and that was all that mattered . 
 i thought of the queen . 
 i looked at my wife again . 
 it struck me that i could no longer remember her name . 
 but the queen 's name was mary , i knew that now . 
 and i had left her to the mercy of the angry villagers back at the recreation ground . 
 i caught sight of an elderly man looking out through my window at me . 
 i had no idea who he was , but i gave him a wave anyway . 
 he ducked beneath the level of the window-sill , as if taking refuge from an explosion . 
 my wife had n't noticed either of us . 
 she continued tugging away at the weed persistently , giving it a poke with her trowel to encourage it to come quietly . 
 all of a sudden , it came to me that there was nothing left for me here . 
 she had moved on . 
 i had moved on too , in my own circumspect way . 
 it was better that i leave her to get on with her life in peace , and for me to get on with my death . 
 i knew deep down that it was for the best . 
 i took one last look at my wife 's back . 
 `` goodbye , '' i whispered . 
 it was all i had time for . 
 i would never see her again , but somehow it was enough . 
 she looked up at the heavens , as if some deity had just passed on my whispered message for me . 
 she held out a hand to see whether it was drizzling with rain . 
 she half-turned . 
 i saw her face for the first time . 
 she was elderly . 
 in her sixties , i suppose , maybe seventy at a push . 
 i had been cogitating over the wrong woman ! 
 she looked a lot like my wife would look when she was that age . 
 under other circumstances , i would have approached her , asking her why she was weeding my garden for me , but not now , not today . 
 i had more important things to worry about . 
 like mary . 
 the queen . 
 ignoring the elderly man who was peering anxiously over the window sill at me , i turned around and hobbled back towards the recreation ground as fast as my wasted legs would carry me , praying that i was not too late . 
 i heard another siren in the distance , the second of the day . 
 `` hang on , i 'm coming , '' i said , more to myself than to her . 
 `` please do n't go without me . '' 
 there was no sign of her by the swings and slides . 
 i was temporarily distracted by the two police cars which had pulled up on the grass at the far side of the recreation ground . 
 there were four police officers there , one of them looking over towards me , the other three marshalling the group of onlookers who had gathered there . 
 and then i saw the queen , stumbling towards them , the child 's hand in hers . 
 she was on the point of turning herself in ! 
 `` queen ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 and then , `` mary ! '' 
 just to show her i 'd remembered her name . 
 i hoped that might make a difference , but she did n't even turn round . 
 i set off after her . 
 i suspected that she was a faster hobbler than me . 
 but she was slowed down by the little boy , who seemed reluctant to abandon the swings and was trying to cajole her back there . 
 the fickleness of youth ! 
 the police-man saw me coming . 
 he raised his walkie-talkie to his mouth , but did n't risk trying to apprehend me . 
 he thought i was dangerous . 
 his wariness was the only weapon i had . 
 i roared across the grass to him , like a demented monster , hoping that this might be enough to send him scuttling back into his police car , but to give him his credit he stayed firm . 
 mary was maybe eighty yards away from him when i spotted her , and i was maybe twice that distance . 
 i scurried across the grass as quickly as i could , but i knew that i would not be able to head her off in time unless she stopped -lrb- or , better still , walked towards me -rrb- . 
 `` mary ! '' 
 i cried again . 
 `` it 's me ! '' 
 still no reaction . 
 if anything , she walked quicker than before , pulling the child along in her wake . 
 the police-man took a few tentative steps towards her , shrinking the distance between them still further . 
 that was hardly fair , i thought . 
 she 'd had a head-start already ! 
 i was now maybe fifty yards away , but she would reach the police cordon in another ten seconds or so . 
 i could n't understand why she was doing this . 
 we had parted best of friends . 
 more than that , perhaps . 
 and now she was fleeing from me , turning herself into the police and abandoning me in the process . 
 it made no sense . 
 why would she try and kiss me one minute , and desert me the next ? 
 i heard her chuckle . 
 that was hurtful . 
 did n't she care at all that she was leaving me all alone out here ? 
 i 'd just turned my back on my wife for her . 
 and now she was turning her back on me . 
 she stopped just a few yards from the police-man . 
 she shooed the child towards him . 
 the little boy did n't seem to want to go . 
 he had made a new friend , a friend who took him on swings and slides , and he was n't in any hurry to go anywhere without her . 
 she gave him a little shove . 
 he came back to her . 
 she gave him a harder shove . 
 he cried , and ran to the police-man for comfort , changing his allegiance yet again -lrb- i told you he was fickle -rrb- . 
 another police-car arrived . 
 the existing officers gave precedence to these new ones . 
 they had guns . 
 i was n't sure whether guns worked on us -- we were already dead , after all -- but i had seen one of our number `` die '' when attacked by the turner in the dining room , so what did i know ? 
 `` run , mary ! '' 
 i shouted , as loud as i could . 
 `` run ! 
 they 're going to shoot you ! '' 
 despite the presence of the armed police , i continued to hobble towards her , determined to save her from them and from herself . 
 at last , she turned towards me . 
 i was close enough now to see that she was crying . 
 `` goodbye , '' she said . 
 i stopped , just a few feet away . 
 a couple more steps and i could have reached out and touched her . 
 but i did n't . 
 she wanted me to go . 
 after everything we 'd been through , she wanted me to go . 
 this was awful . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 what have i done ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 i did n't know what that meant . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? 
 i need you here with me . 
 i -- '' all of a sudden , she looked at me intently , as if she was waiting for me to say the magic words which would make all this alright . 
 but i had no magic in me . 
 all i knew was that i wanted to hold her hand again , but she did n't seem to want to have anything to do with me . 
 so i stayed put and said nothing . 
 she bowed her head in disappointment , even though i was sure i 'd said nothing wrong . 
 and then , the police scattered . 
 ian was there , ploughing through the middle of them , all bloodied teeth and clawed fingers . 
 one of the newlyarrived officers took one step forward , steadied himself , and shot him twice to the head . 
 he went down immediately . 
 one twitch , two twitches , and he was still . 
 i wanted to run . 
 i did n't want to end my time on this earth twitching on the grass in a recreation ground , surrounded by hostile people and a woman who did n't care for me as much as i 'd hoped . 
 but i could n't . 
 however keen she was to put distance between the two of us , i still had feelings for her . 
 i could n't leave her to face the armed police officers on her own . 
 she raised her arms in the air , in a gesture of submission . 
 i did likewise . 
 it seemed like the safest thing to do in the circumstances . 
 she chuckled again , as if my actions had amused her . 
 i suddenly felt very tired , as if i was seventy . 
 we were handcuffed , a little more roughly than was strictly necessary , as if we were dangerous criminals . 
 well , i was handcuffed , at any rate . 
 her handcuffs kept slipping off , as it took the officer three attempts before he realised the particular challenges one faces when trying to handcuff a one-handed woman . 
 the queen looked at me all the while . 
 but she gave no explanation for what she 'd done to us . 
 two police vans arrived . 
 they led us towards them , but we were separated at the last minute . 
 they were going to put us in separate vehicles . 
 `` goodbye , '' she said again , and waited for a reply . 
 i bowed my head , but said nothing . 
 i felt betrayed . 
 i would have done anything for her . 
 and this is how she had repaid me . 
 we were taken back to colditz in our separate vans . 
 i was expecting to return to my dormitory , as it was the nearest thing i had to home now . 
 instead , i was deposited in a single cell and told to await my fate . 
 it was lonely in there . 
 it was almost like being underground again . 
 i 'd craved solitude on my first night here , but now it seemed dreadful . 
 human contact is so important to all of us , even those of us who are dead . 
 dave came to see me . 
 i was hoping that it was a social call , but he was just there to take me to see the lizard-lady for my wash . 
 still , it was a chance for me to interact , whatever his reasons for visiting me . 
 `` very pleasant weather for this time of year , '' i ventured . 
 start off uncontroversially , i thought to myself , and work your way up . 
 he nodded , but said nothing . 
 `` a spot of rain yesterday , when i was on my travels , but nothing to write home about . '' 
 no response . 
 i decided to change tactic . 
 `` i have three naked ladies hiding under my bed . 
 they keep coming out and doing things to me when i least expect it . 
 i 'm glad to be out here for the rest . '' 
 dave laughed . 
 i sighed in relief . 
 my shock-tactics had worked . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to talk to you , '' he told me . 
 `` you 're in solitary confinement . 
 only allowed out for a wash and a walk around , and as little stimulation as possible in-between . '' 
 `` you tell that to the ladies under my bed . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you should n't have done it , mate , you really should n't . '' 
 `` is the governor upset ? '' 
 `` this goes way beyond the governor . 
 it 's all over the papers this morning . 
 the home secretary 's been asked to resign . '' 
 `` the home secretary ! 
 just because i went out for a stroll with my friends ? '' 
 `` it was n't just a stroll though , was it , george ? 
 one of your lot ripped a woman to pieces . 
 and then you and mary abduct a child . 
 if the police had n't been there , god knows what would have happened . '' 
 `` we would have taken him for an ice-cream , i expect . '' 
 `` you would have done what ? '' 
 `` taken him for an ice-cream . 
 taken his mind off his poor mum . 
 we 'd done the swings and slides already , so an ice-cream would have been a nice way to round off our little adventure . '' 
 `` you were n't going to hurt him , then ? '' 
 `` i 'd be very offended if i thought that you thought that we would . 
 we 're not monsters , you know . 
 well , we are when we turn , but not before then . 
 we 're just ordinary people , in a rather unfortunate situation that was none of our making . 
 i did n't ask to die . 
 and i certainly did n't ask to come back again . '' 
 dave thought this over for a while . 
 we were fast approaching the lizard-lady 's domain . 
 `` when you died , what happened ? 
 did you go to the light ? '' 
 `` i went to the lights . '' 
 `` there was more than one of them ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 in the ceiling . 
 above the operating table . 
 i just hovered around up there for a minute or two , trying to work out what i was supposed to do next , and the next thing i knew i was underground , in my little box , for months on end , with not so much as a sudoku to keep me entertained . '' 
 `` it 's not obvious then ? 
 where you have to go ? 
 i 'd like to know . 
 i would n't want what happened to you to happen to me . 
 no offence , mate , but you know what i mean . 
 when i 'm dead , i want to stay dead . 
 where do you think you went wrong ? '' 
 the door to the shower-block opened , and lizard-lady poked her head out . 
 `` are you just going to stand there chatting , or will you be bringing him in ? 
 only i 've got work to be getting on with here . '' 
 `` we 'll talk later , '' i told dave . 
 `` we 've plenty of time . '' 
 it was slightly disconcerting to see how dubious he looked when i said this . 
 i would have expected it of doubting thomas , of course , but not of him . 
 `` of course we have , '' he replied . 
 the lizard-lady shot him a look . 
 he remembered that he was n't supposed to be talking to me . 
 he left in a hurry , with his chin tucked into his chest , leaving me to her tender mercies . 
 lizard-lady grabbed my arm with one hand . 
 she was wearing little seethrough gloves to avoid having to touch me . 
 i could feel her fingers sinking into my flesh , which was a most unpleasant sensation . 
 i considered telling her about the three naked women under my bed , but thought better of it . 
 she did n't look like a woman with a particularly well-developed sense of humour . 
 she marched me inside . 
 although i did n't know it at the time , it was to be my last ever visit to the shower-block . 
 indeed , it was to be one of my last ever visits anywhere . 
 i must say that she was rather rough with me in the toilet-block . 
 for some reason , she insisted on washing me herself . 
 she scoured my poor skin with the liquid soap , leaving my stomach and one buttock in painful tatters . 
 i protested vociferously , but all to no avail . 
 i can only think that she was punishing me for my excursion outside the concentration-camp walls . 
 thomas came to collect me and take me back to my cell . 
 he was as taciturn as his reptilian colleague . 
 `` how 's the queen ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` is she in good health ? '' 
 he looked at me as if i was mad , but said nothing . 
 `` nice weather , '' i ventured , attempting safer ground , but still without any response from him . 
 `` did dave tell you there are naked ladies under my bed ? '' 
 nothing . 
 i gave up . 
 if naked ladies under a fellow 's bed does n't get the conversation flowing , then nothing will . 
 back in my cell , i turned my thoughts to the queen again . 
 i was missing her ; i was missing her a lot . 
 she did n't say very much , of course . 
 waiting for her to speak was not unlike waiting for a bus . 
 you can stand there for hours with her , with not so much as a syllable passing her lips , and all of a sudden three come along all at once . 
 but it was never about conversation with her . 
 i just felt that she was always in my corner , rooting for me . 
 that was why it was so difficult for me to come to terms with her decision to abandon me and turn herself in . 
 my next outing was to see the counsellor . 
 ordinarily , i would have preferred not to see her , but i reasoned that if anyone was going to talk to me , it had to be her . 
 it would be difficult being counselled without some sort of speech being involved . 
 it was the second counsellor again , the biscuit-woman rather than the ditherer . 
 thomas took me there . 
 i wondered whether lizard-lady had reported dave for talking to me , and he was being punished for it in some secluded room in the bowels of the camp . 
 i hoped not . 
 i liked dave . 
 he was a lot more human than most of them . 
 thomas waited outside . 
 i was invited to take a seat . 
 i obliged . 
 it would have been rude not to . 
 `` well , mr browne , '' she said . 
 `` with an `` e '' . 
 as in echo . '' 
 i did n't know what she was talking about . 
 browne begins with `` b '' . 
 i thought they 'd need at least o-level english to do this job , but her spelling was all over the place . 
 i decided against correcting her , though , as i did n't want to discourage her from talking to me . 
 so i nodded politely , and waited for her to get to the point . 
 `` you 've had quite an adventure , have n't you ? 
 you and your two friends . '' 
 she waited for me to respond . 
 i was n't sure what to say , so i nodded again and awaited developments . 
 she looked mildly irritated by this . 
 she resorted to asking me more questions . 
 `` what were you thinking of ? 
 you know you 're not supposed to leave the grounds here . '' 
 `` i wanted to see my wife . 
 to say goodbye . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she sounded doubtful , like thomas on a bad day . 
 `` really . '' 
 `` and you take mary and mark with you for that ? '' 
 `` i took mary . 
 i have no idea who mark is . '' 
 `` the man who ate his wife on your travels . 
 the man whose little boy you abducted , who had to be rescued by the police . '' 
 her tone was harsh . 
 last time i 'd seen her , she 'd offered me biscuits . 
 this time round , she sounded as if she wanted to bash my head in with the tin . 
 our little adventure in ramsgate clearly had n't gone down all that well with the senior staff here . 
 `` oh , you mean ian ? '' 
 i enquired , stalling for time . 
 `` if you like . 
 why did you take `` ian '' with you ? '' 
 `` he wanted to see his wife , too . 
 to patch things up with her . '' 
 `` patch things up ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` he ate through her chest . 
 that 's hardly patching things up , is it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 she had a point . 
 i felt the need to justify myself , though . 
 `` i did n't know he 'd be like that . 
 he seemed fine when we left here . 
 he was chuckling a little , perhaps , but other than that he was in tip-top medical shape , as far as i could tell -lrb- apart from being dead and all -rrb- . 
 everyone 's entitled to chuckle from time to time , would n't you agree ? 
 it does n't always mean that you 're on the point of devouring your next of kin . '' 
 `` and mary ? '' 
 `` he did n't devour mary . 
 i would n't have let him . 
 is she alright , by the way ? 
 i have n't seen her since i returned here . '' 
 `` i mean , why take mary with you ? 
 she does n't have a husband to patch things up with . 
 or to eat , whatever the plan was . '' 
 `` she just came along for the ride . '' 
 `` and annie ? 
 she knew about this , did n't she ? 
 you could n't have escaped on your own ; you have n't got half a brain between the three of you . '' 
 so that was the reason for our little tete-a-tete . 
 i could see where this was going , and i was n't sure i liked it at all . 
 it was time to bail out . 
 `` well , i must say all this counselling has done me the world of good . 
 i feel so much better now . 
 i think i 'll pop off to my cell for a nap . 
 thank you for your help . 
 i 'll recommend you to my friends , you can depend on it . '' 
 `` did annie know ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` she would have been most cross with us , if we 'd told her . 
 she 's very much one for obeying the rules , as you know . 
 i ca n't even begin to imagine the ticking off she 'll give me when i next see her . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` i did n't have you down as a liar . '' 
 that was harsh . 
 she was supposed to be a health professional . 
 counsellors are n't supposed to go around calling their patients liars , even if was true in my particular case . 
 i gave her a stern look , but it did n't seem to faze her at all . 
 indeed , she gave me one back which was far sterner than mine . 
 i tried to memorise it , so i could replicate it next time i wanted to give someone a good ticking off . 
 `` your punishment has n't been decided yet , '' she declared . 
 `` that punishment could be quite extreme . 
 there 's no judge and jury here , you understand that , i hope ? 
 you lost your right to that when you died . 
 the governor has to decide what would be a fitting punishment for someone who escapes from a secure institution , abets one of his fellow escapees to murder his spouse , and then kidnaps a small child . 
 if you do n't want to go back in your coffin , you need to tell me that none of this was your idea . '' 
 i stared at her , genuinely shocked . 
 she was bluffing ; she had to be bluffing . 
 but even to threaten such a thing was almost too awful for words . 
 `` back in my coffin ? 
 you would n't . 
 that would be inhumane . '' 
 `` you 're not human anymore . '' 
 `` no , but you are . 
 you ca n't just put me back down there . 
 not when i 'm still rational . 
 no-one would do that to another human being , however deceased they happen to be ! '' 
 she laughed at the word `` rational '' , which was rather spiteful , i felt . 
 `` was this your idea ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` your little bid for freedom . 
 think very carefully before you reply . 
 i 'll know if you 're lying . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't want to go back to my coffin . 
 `` no . 
 it was n't . '' 
 she got up , and walked round the desk towards me . 
 she squatted by my side . 
 `` that 's better , '' she said . 
 `` it 's about time you looked after yourself . 
 there 's no use protecting her . 
 do you think she 'd protect you if the positions were reversed ? '' 
 `` no , '' i replied . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 `` so tell me , '' she demanded . 
 `` was it annie who gave you the idea to escape ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , not her . '' 
 she gave me a quizzical look , her eyes half closed . 
 `` one of the others , then ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` who , then ? 
 i need a name for the governor , if i 'm to save you . 
 let them take the punishment instead . 
 let them be buried in your place . 
 give me a name , and i give you my word this is the last you 'll hear of the matter . '' 
 i smiled , which disconcerted her . 
 `` it was , '' i whispered . 
 `` it was -- '' she leaned forward , anxious to hear who was responsible for my escape , who would take my punishment in my place . 
 `` it was ian ! '' 
 i shouted , nearly deafening her . 
 `` try burying him alive , if there 's anything left of him . '' 
 she looked as if she could kill me . 
 but she could n't , of course , as i was already very much deceased . 
 back in my cell , i had nothing to do except ruminate on my life , which is never a very healthy thing to do when you have n't got one anymore . 
 i was , i decided , a bottom-scraper . 
 i do n't mean to say that this was some strange career of mine , of course , and neither was it prison slang . 
 it was just that i had scraped along the bottom of life , and now i was scraping along the bottom of death as well . 
 i had achieved very little in my time . 
 here i was , thirty-something -lrb- maybe less , i was n't quite sure of my age any longer -rrb- , one failed marriage behind me , no children -lrb- i would have dearly loved children , i must say -rrb- . 
 there was a young lady i 'd had my eye on after my first marriage broke up , a lady by the name of gloria , but as far as i could tell she did n't even know i existed . 
 i had achieved nothing in my time on this earth , nothing but my resurrection , and it turned out that even that was pretty commonplace . 
 there was a lady here , of course . 
 the queen . 
 i felt feelings towards her which i could n't explain . 
 she was in her sixties at the very least ; over twice my age , so surely it could n't be love . 
 all i knew was that i missed her very much . 
 we 'd sat on the bench , holding hands , and that had been the only pleasure i 'd had since my untimely death . 
 if only she 'd come with me when i came back from seeing that gardening lady in ramsgate ; we could have been happy together , just the two of us , i know it . 
 i laughed a little . 
 i was n't sure why ; this was no laughing matter . 
 `` stop mucking around , '' i told myself . 
 i laughed again . 
 i sounded like that kenneth williams . 
 i liked him . 
 he made me chuckle in those films . 
 i wish he was on the telly more often , but he only ever seemed to do chat shows and voice-overs nowadays . 
 i looked around my room . 
 a cell for one , nothing inside but a bed and an empty bedside cabinet . 
 it was all i had left . 
 i would have been happier in the dormitory , with the others . 
 maybe i should n't have gone awol . 
 the funny thing was that i could n't even remember precisely why i 'd done it . 
 i had it in my head that i was going to see my wife , but i was n't even married anymore , so i was clearly delusional . 
 that must be what being buried alive does to you , i chuckled . 
 maybe being mad would be fun . 
 i took all my clothes off . 
 i 'm not sure why ; i just felt the need to do it . 
 i examined my body in detail . 
 there was a chunk of my arm gouged out ; i remember doing that in the coffin . 
 my skin was rotting away . 
 it was torn in places where the lizard-lady had been over-zealous with her scrubbing . 
 for some strange reason , the skin on my elbows was completely intact , save that it had started to wrinkle , as if i was an old man . 
 i felt like an old man . 
 i wished i could sleep . 
 having nothing but stand-by mode to fall back on was driving me mad . 
 i laughed out loud again . 
 all that time they spent having me seen by counsellors , and i 'd self-diagnosed . 
 i was doo-lally . 
 mad as a march-hare . 
 completely cuckoo . 
 but that was okay . 
 i did n't really want to hang on to reality any more , especially now the queen and i had gone our separate ways . 
 i put my clothes back on . 
 it passed the time . 
 i thought for a while that i might cry a little , too , but in the end i decided that there was very little point so i giggled a bit instead . 
 dave took me to the exercise yard an hour or so later . 
 i was sitting there in my pants when he came in -lrb- having decided upon a happy medium between wearing clothes and stripping off -rrb- . 
 he did n't look impressed , so i dressed immediately . 
 if it was thomas , i might have made more of a fuss , but dave was different . 
 we were friends after all . 
 he asked whether he should go to the light . 
 `` if you like , '' i told him . 
 i had no idea what he was going on about , but it seemed to make him happy , so that made me happy as well . 
 i chuckled . 
 he stopped smiling , and gave me a wary look . 
 i followed suit , examining him through half-closed eyes with my head half-turned away from him . 
 this made him laugh . 
 i laughed , too . 
 he gave me the wary look again . 
 i was a little worried that he was becoming manic-depressive with all these changes of mood . 
 i was expecting the exercise yard to be full , but there were only five other people in it , none of whom were royalty . 
 i wanted to see her . 
 i wanted to ask her why she had left me . 
 annie was there , though . 
 annie was the next best thing . 
 we sat on the bench together . 
 i had so much to ask her as usual , but while i was deciding where to start , she pitched in . 
 `` you 've been a busy boy , '' she said . 
 `` not really . 
 i took my clothes off . 
 i put them on . 
 that 's about all , really . '' 
 `` on the outside . 
 i heard . 
 i always hear . '' 
 `` with ian ? '' 
 `` mark , you mean ? '' 
 `` ian , '' i insisted , sticking by my guns . 
 could no-one get the poor boy 's name right ? 
 heaven knows what they 'd put on his tomb-stone . 
 `` if you like , '' she shrugged . 
 `` the guy you took with you . 
 the one who ate his wife . '' 
 `` that was most unfortunate . '' 
 `` do you think ? '' 
 i looked at her quizzically . 
 she seemed a little stressed . 
 annie never got stressed . 
 i always felt that she was in total control , and it worried me to think that she might not be . 
 we all depended on her in here -lrb- although i was never quite sure what we actually depended on her for -rrb- . 
 `` the counsellor was asking about you again . '' 
 `` that was n't a counsellor you saw . '' 
 `` she said she was a counsellor . '' 
 `` she was n't . 
 trust me on that . '' 
 `` who was she then ? '' 
 `` the assistant governor . 
 also , a complete bitch . '' 
 i tried to digest this information , but failed dismally . 
 why would the assistant governor want to try her hand at counselling ? 
 maybe her job was too stressful , and she liked to have a go at something more relaxing from time to time , like winston churchill and his brick-laying . 
 but surely fly-fishing would have been more the order of the day ? 
 threatening to bury dead people alive -lrb- if such a thing is possible -rrb- did n't sound like the most orthodox way to relax , as far as i could see . 
 `` you know the governor 's my uncle , right ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 now she was confusing me even more . 
 `` your uncle ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . 
 that 's why i get certain privileges in here . '' 
 `` i thought that that was because you slept with the guards for biscuits . '' 
 `` i do n't even like biscuits . '' 
 `` everyone likes biscuits , '' i retorted . 
 i guffawed a little , although i was n't sure why . 
 biscuits are no laughing matter , after all . 
 `` the assistant governor does n't like it . 
 she does n't like my uncle . 
 she does n't like me . 
 she wants us both gone . 
 which is where you come in . '' 
 i nodded wisely , but i could n't really see what i had to do with it . 
 this topic was boring me a little , although i was far too polite to say so . 
 i decided to change the subject discreetly , so she would n't notice . 
 `` has she asked you to say that i put you up to it ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 `` how 's your mother ? '' 
 i replied , as discreet a change of subject as you 'll ever hear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your mother . 
 the queen . 
 i wanted to make sure she 's all right . 
 i have n't seen her since we got back . '' 
 `` my grandmother , you mean ? 
 she should n't have come back . '' 
 she sounded as if that was my fault . 
 `` i wanted her to die on the outside . 
 there 's no dignity in dying in here . '' 
 i nodded wisely again . 
 i was getting good at it , as i 'd had a fair amount of practice by now . 
 `` how is she , though ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` your mother . 
 is she all right ? '' 
 `` she 's laughing a lot , '' she told me , as if that was a bad thing . 
 `` good , good , '' i replied , and chuckled a little myself to present a united front with the queen . 
 she made as if to get up . 
 `` i wish she had n't come back , too , '' i told her . 
 `` i thought we were friends , she and i . 
 but she gave herself up , without so much as a goodbye before she left . '' 
 i hung my head . 
 it was hard to talk about this ; the wound was still too fresh . 
 but it was harder still to say nothing at all . 
 `` you know why , right ? '' 
 i shook my head sadly . 
 i did n't know why at all . 
 `` she loves you , you big dildo ! '' 
 i shook my head rather more vigorously this time . 
 i decided against asking what a dildo might be when it was at home . 
 `` she 's never said so . 
 she 's never said anything much . '' 
 `` men ! '' 
 she exclaimed , which did n't tell me anything much either . 
 women have a tendency to do that , i 've noticed . 
 they do something inexplicable , we remark upon it -lrb- or sometimes keep our heads down for fear of repercussions if we remark upon it -rrb- and they then say `` men ! '' 
 in an exasperated way and shake their heads a bit , as if it was all our fault . 
 if ever men work out what it is that causes this bizarre reaction in them , then the world will be a far more harmonious place . 
 the guard blew a whistle . 
 play-time was over . 
 annie was looking at me thoughtfully . 
 `` do you love her ? '' 
 she enquired . 
 there was a certain tone in her voice , as if something important depended upon my reply . 
 i wished i knew why my response was important , as that might have determined what that response would actually be . 
 i thought for a moment . 
 annie watched me impatiently . 
 `` it 's not supposed to be a difficult question , grandead ! 
 either you do or you do n't . '' 
 i did n't like being called grandead ; it sounded disrespectful , and i was n't all that much older than her in any event . 
 but it sounded preferable to being a big dildo , so i let the insult pass . 
 it was time to talk about my feelings in any case , which would require all my concentration and courage . 
 `` all i know , '' i told her , `` is that there 's nothing that would please me more than if it was her sitting on this bench with me , holding my hand . 
 that 's all i want now . 
 just the two of us here , holding hands together . 
 everything would be all right if i had that . '' 
 she gave me a small smile . 
 `` i 'll come and see you tonight . '' 
 `` i 'm not that sort of zombie . '' 
 she laughed . 
 i laughed . 
 i had more trouble stopping than she did , which made her frown a little . 
 the guard came over , a trifle warily . 
 he was anxious to move us out of the yard , but seemed nervous for some reason . 
 he had his stun-gun at the ready . 
 `` tonight , '' she said again , with meaning . 
 she sounded so serious that it made me chortle . 
 true to her word , she came to visit me after lights-out . 
 they were locking me in now i was in solitary confinement , but as always she had a key . 
 in fact , she had a whole bunch of them with her . 
 `` i 'm taking you to see my nan , '' she told me . 
 fortunately , i was fully dressed at the time , as i doubted that she would approve of my bare torso . 
 i stopped to put my shoes on . 
 i would have liked to have worn slippers as we were indoors , but no-one thought to provide them . 
 we talked as we walked , which was starting to require a certain degree of concentration on my part . 
 i was clearly deteriorating . 
 i thought of the turner in the -- sorry , i ca n't remember the word for it . 
 the place that everyone goes to eat . 
 you know what i mean . 
 the way that woman turned on her fellow diners , eating the first of them as if he was part of the menu . 
 she would have consumed the queen , too , if someone had n't stepped in to save her . 
 i seemed to recall that i was the one who 'd intervened , at first , but then i remembered that it had been annie who had come to her rescue rather than me . 
 `` thank you for taking me to see her . 
 i 've missed her terribly . '' 
 `` no worries . '' 
 `` how is she ? 
 well , i hope ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she 's not the same as before . 
 she 's chatty , for a start . '' 
 `` chatty ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` the queen is chatty ? '' 
 `` that 's what i said . '' 
 `` but she ca n't talk ! '' 
 `` you 've heard her talk . 
 you remember that , right ? '' 
 `` not often . 
 i thought she had trouble with her vocal chords . '' 
 `` she talks a bit when you 're not around . 
 she does n't like doing it in front of you , though . 
 she 's embarrassed by her voice . 
 she thinks it 's all harsh and croaky . '' 
 `` that 's true enough . '' 
 `` try not to say that when we get there , okay ? 
 women tend to prefer to hear how attractive they are . 
 if you tell her she 's harsh and croaky , she may well bite you . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think the queen would do that . '' 
 `` some time tonight , she 's going to start trying to bite everyone . 
 she 's turning , george . 
 i 'm really sorry . 
 this is the last time you 're going to see her . '' 
 i stopped , and stared at her . 
 `` you called me george ! '' 
 `` you 're supposed to be more concerned by the other part . 
 the part about this being your last ever night together . 
 maybe this was a mistake . 
 i 've got so much to do tonight . 
 i wanted to do this for the both of you , but if i 'm wasting my time then maybe -- '' i started crying . 
 i do n't know why . 
 she looked embarrassed . 
 she was n't the touchy-feely type . 
 she punched my arm , presumably as a token of support . 
 it hurt a lot , but i took it bravely . 
 i wiped my eyes . 
 `` what am i going to do without her ? '' 
 `` you wo n't have to hang around long after she 's gone . 
 none of us will . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` tonight 's the night , george . 
 we 're going to make a stand . '' 
 `` you 're revolting ? '' 
 `` thanks for that . '' 
 `` no , i mean , you 're going to rise up ? '' 
 `` and throw off the shackles of our oppressors . 
 yeah , something like that . '' 
 we were walking again . 
 i thought over what she had just told me . 
 it hurt a little -lrb- though not as much as my arm -rrb- . 
 `` but there 's so many of them . 
 surely you ca n't succeed . 
 not when they have those stunny things ? 
 you know , the cow-prods or whatever they are . '' 
 `` not a hope in hell , grandead , not a hope in hell . 
 but it 's all over for us either way . 
 they 're culling us in the morning , thanks to you and mark . 
 every single one of us . 
 and i 'm fucked if i 'm going down without a fight . '' 
 we stopped outside an unmarked door . 
 no name-plates on this one . 
 annie unlocked it . 
 she regarded me closely for a second or two , searching for signs of i know not what . 
 i was still trying to decide how to respond to the revolution thing , though . 
 i do n't like confrontation ; i never have . 
 but they were planning on culling us , for goodness sake ! 
 we were human beings -lrb- more or less -rrb- . 
 that did n't seem right at all . 
 `` she 's in there , '' annie told me , stepping away from the door . 
 `` who is ? '' 
 i enquired , losing my train of thought . 
 she looked irritated . 
 `` your girlfriend . 
 who do you think ? '' 
 `` the queen ? 
 the queen 's in there ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she seemed a little tired to me . 
 i nodded back , as i was n't sure what to say . 
 i chuckled a little instead . 
 it was becoming a habit . 
 `` be good to her , '' she instructed . 
 i stopped laughing . 
 she seemed so serious . 
 she opened the door for me . 
 the queen was lying on her single bed at the far side of the room . 
 she turned her head , caught sight of me , and she was across the room and in my arms before i could so much as say `` good evening . '' 
 she hugged me so tightly that i would have had trouble breathing if that was something i still needed to do . 
 i hugged her back . 
 it was the right thing to do , and it felt good . 
 annie slipped the key into my hand , and closed the door behind me , leaving the two of us alone together . 
 `` i 've missed you so much , '' she croaked . 
 i decided against commenting on the fact that she was indeed incredibly hoarse , as annie had told me that she might bite me if i did . 
 i kept on hugging , and she did , too . 
 it was a good way to say goodbye . 
 eventually , she pulled away from me . 
 she started giggling away to herself . 
 i hoped she was n't getting her hopes up after our little cuddle , as i was far from certain that i would be physically capable of obliging her , what with me being a zombie and all . 
 the mind was willing , but the decayed flesh was weak . 
 i deliberated what to say to her . 
 `` i 've missed you , too , '' was an option , but it seemed a little over familiar . 
 should i tell her about my feelings for her , or should i ask her about the revolution first ? 
 being a chap , i decided to deal with practical issues first . 
 there would be plenty of time for the soppy stuff later on . 
 `` have you heard about the revolution ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 `` yes . 
 you know it 's because of us ? '' 
 i raised the remnants of my eyebrow . 
 i was n't at all sure what she meant by that . 
 `` they were n't happy about us -- escaping ; about that poor woman dying . 
 annie says there was some sort of -- emergency debate in -- parliament . 
 that they decided to -- execute the lot of us . 
 not just here . 
 everywhere -- across the country . 
 it 's awful . 
 we should n't have -- gone . '' 
 she was having difficulty speaking , breaking up her sentences into little bite-size chunks -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- . 
 `` you left me , '' was all i could say in reply . 
 it was all that really mattered . 
 she looked hurt . 
 i wished i could take it back . 
 that 's what happens when you tell people how you 're feeling . 
 it always ends in tears . 
 `` i had to give the little boy back . 
 and i -- i could n't stay with you . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm turning . 
 i must n't be with you when i -- turn . 
 i 'd hurt you . 
 but i did n't want to turn alone . 
 so i gave myself up . 
 you did n't have to -- come back , too . '' 
 `` yes , i did . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i wanted to say that i had to come back here for her . 
 but i did n't . 
 i loved her ; i really did , i knew that now . 
 but for some reason , i could n't actually bring myself to tell her that . 
 it was a step too far . 
 `` it 's the end , '' i informed her instead . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 `` that 's what shakespeare said . 
 or someone like that in the war . 
 it 's not the end . 
 it 's not the end of the end . 
 it might be the beginning , but probably not . '' 
 i stopped . 
 i 'd taken a wrong turning somewhere in the middle . 
 i hoped she might help me out , but she just laughed . 
 i laughed back . 
 i tried the quote again , with even more disastrous results , but it did n't matter . 
 i was making her happy . 
 that had to count for something . 
 there was a commotion outside . 
 i opened the door , and looked out . 
 no sign of annie , but there were inmates everywhere , all out of their cells after lights out . 
 the governor would n't be pleased . 
 one of them was trying to start a fire , which was just plain dangerous . 
 i went back to the queen . 
 she was still laughing . 
 `` we have n't got long , '' she told me . 
 she was still laughing , but now she was crying , too . 
 i reached out , and wiped a tear from her cheek . 
 she snuggled her face against my hand . 
 i wanted to hug her again , but contented myself with a chaste kiss to her decaying forehead instead . 
 `` we 've got plenty of time . 
 as long as your cell does n't catch alight . '' 
 `` no , we -- have n't . 
 i 'm turning . 
 i can feel it . 
 you should go . '' 
 i opened the door again . 
 i did n't want to go , but felt i had to respect the lady 's wishes . 
 there were three women outside , leading along the second counsellor -lrb- the one who did n't like annie -rrb- with a rope around her neck . 
 she was crying , too , with good reason . 
 her mascara was running all down her face . 
 i felt no urge at all to wipe away her tears , and there was no way she would be getting a kiss on the forehead from me either . 
 she had offered me biscuits , but in return she had wanted me to betray my friends , and that was something i could never forgive her for . 
 something inside me changed . 
 i went back inside , and seized the queen in my arms . 
 i hugged her for all i was worth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , although i had no idea what it was i was actually apologising for . 
 i started crying . 
 she laughed , but then made a sort of sobbing noise , as if she 'd changed her mind in mid-chuckle . 
 i embraced her all the more . 
 `` i love you , '' she cried . 
 `` i always have . '' 
 i nodded , and very nearly told her that i loved her back . 
 but words were cheap . 
 i knew now what i was going to do . 
 i would show her that i loved her . 
 i had let her down once before -- when we were in that eating room place -- and i would n't do it again . 
 there was a knock on the door . 
 i wriggled out of my cuddle , and opened it . 
 annie was back . 
 the queen barked with laughter . 
 it would have been pretty disturbing if it had been anyone else but her . 
 annie looked at her , but said nothing . 
 she motioned her head , for me to step outside . 
 `` time to go , '' she told me . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i reassured the queen , who was clinging on to my left hand with her remaining one . 
 she reluctantly released it . 
 i stepped outside . 
 it was pandemonium out there . 
 inmates were running around all over the place . 
 the lizard-lady was lying on the floor further down the corridor , and two women were attempting to insert a fistful of sachets of liquid soap up her scrawny writhing bottom . 
 there was a fire a few yards away in the opposite direction , devouring a small pile of files , like the one of mine i 'd seen in the counsellor 's office . 
 this was rather more violent than i 'd anticipated . 
 i 'd thought that they might just give the guards a good ticking off and then clamber over the wall to freedom . 
 a thought occurred . 
 `` dave . 
 you wo n't hurt dave ? '' 
 `` john , you mean ? '' 
 `` him , too . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 he 's no better than the rest of them , believe me . '' 
 `` all the same . '' 
 `` it 's his night off . 
 the governor 's , too . '' 
 `` your uncle . '' 
 she nodded , but looked a little embarrassed . 
 `` i would 've still done this , though . 
 even if he was here . 
 i 'm not doing him any favours , okay ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 the governor 's fate mattered more to her than to me . 
 `` what happens after all this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` will your revolution do the trick ? 
 can you save all these people ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 she did n't seem able to speak , all of a sudden . 
 it was ironic . 
 her mother was talking at last , just as the daughter was lapsing into silence . 
 maybe they had to take it in turns , or something , with just the one tongue between them . 
 annie gestured towards the door . 
 `` if you 've finished in there , you should lock up . 
 you heard her laugh . 
 she could turn any minute . 
 i 've said my goodbyes already . '' 
 `` of course , of course . 
 i just want to see her one last time . 
 you understand ? '' 
 she nodded again . 
 `` be quick . '' 
 i went back inside . 
 the queen was growling quietly to herself . 
 it was nearly time . 
 i turned to annie , the door half open . 
 `` goodbye . '' 
 she gave me a curious look . 
 and then realisation dawned . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 she stepped forwards . 
 i slammed the door , and locked it just as she was turning the handle . 
 it was a close run thing , but i can move pretty quickly when it does n't entail synchronising my legs . 
 she hammered on the door . 
 `` george ! 
 you ca n't do this . 
 come out now ! '' 
 she 'd called me george again . 
 i liked that . 
 it was so much more intimate than grandead . 
 i approached the queen . 
 mary , her name was mary , i was almost sure of it . 
 she growled at me , the noise a dog makes when telling you to keep your distance from a prized bone . 
 she was crying , and shaking her head . 
 she put out a handless arm to fend me off . 
 her stump was shaking almost as much as her head . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i 've got nowhere to go anyway ; it 's pandemonium out there . 
 i wo n't let you go through this alone . '' 
 i laughed as i spoke . 
 i was n't sure whether it was because i was starting to turn myself , or because i knew that for once in my life i was putting what felt right over what felt safe . 
 it did n't much matter either way . 
 `` please go , '' she grunted . 
 she tried to shove me away , back towards the door , but i was having none of it . 
 i took her in my arms . 
 she resisted for a second or two , but then went limp . 
 the banging on the door continued all the while , as annie tried to force her way in . 
 `` i love you , '' she said , as if it was the saddest thing in the world . 
 `` and i have the utmost affection for you , '' i replied , which was pretty good by my standards . 
 i knew she understood what i meant . 
 i felt her body buck in my arms , as if she was having some sort of fit , and in an instant the queen was gone . 
 she was something else now ; something more animal than human . 
 which meant that my time on this earth was fast coming to a conclusion as well . 
 but that did n't matter . 
 i had been there for mary at the end -- during her final moments of being the queen i 'd come to love -lrb- in my own undemonstrative but heartfelt way -rrb- -- and that was enough for me . 
 we would die together , she and i , which was so much more comforting than us dying alone on our respective sides of an anonymous prison door . 
 despite the fate which awaited me any moment now , i could leave this world a happier and a better man than i had the first time round . 
 other horror books by jonathan pidduck : 1 -rrb- the wedding feast : philip awakes , naked and chained to the floor by wrist and ankle , in the ramshackle dwelling of a family of murderous inbreds . 
 his only hope of rescue lies with matilda , their hideously deformed and needy daughter , who lurks in the shadows in her bloodied wedding dress . 
 but what will she require of him in return ? 
 matilda has lived in the darkness all her life . 
 finally , an outsider has appeared , a man who -- with a little good-natured prodding -- can save her from her brutal father and show her what life is like outside the house . 
 unless , of course , her family snack upon him first . 
 this dark romance is about unrequited love , uncontrollable yearning and the terrible consequences of accepting a marriage proposal from a creature whose family have chained you to the ground in their cellar . 
 2 -rrb- tethered : book 2 of the `` wedding feast '' humorous horror series . 
 abigail awakes , naked and vulnerable , in pitch darkness . 
 her wrists and ankles have been manacled to the floor . 
 one by one , her brutal , troll-like captors come to visit her . 
 time is short ; she is to be the feast at their wedding that night . 
 and just when she thinks things can get no worse , her husband turns up . 
 elsewhere , three friends spring a young woman from her cage at an animal experimentation centre . 
 to survive , they must stay one step ahead of the government agent who is determined to recapture her . 
 but was it wise for them to leave her alone in an old caravan in the woods whilst they go off for with two frisky old-aged pensioners for tea and custard-creams ? 
 3 -rrb- the last of the neanderthals : the third and final book in `` the wedding feast '' humorous horror series . 
 matilda has spent the last ten years in the woods , foraging for anyone foolish enough to venture into the brooding trees . 
 but her family has finally summoned her home . 
 tired of hiding from the outsiders in the darkness , they are fighting back , and have chosen as their battleground the pubs and sex-shops of the sea-side town of margate . 
 with georgia in pursuit , and frisky pensioners maurice and elsie following along behind as fast as their artificial hips will allow , matilda takes to the battle-scarred streets of thanet in a desperate attempt to save her people from extermination . 
 but , as usual , nothing goes quite according to plan ... 4 -rrb- the craving kate and angie are the closest of friends . 
 they share everything together , including the men they abduct . 
 but their friendship is tested beyond endurance when kate develops feelings for an intended victim , a man whom angie is determined should die . 
