 kings of the night by mark z. kammell smashwords edition ***** published by : mark.z.kammell on smashwords kings of the night © copyright 2014 by mark z. kammell . 
 smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 * * * * * chapter 1 . 
 the spirit of gabriel it was just the feeling he had . 
 not love like the tame , the banal , like shared history and shared belongings after the whirlwind , like stars fading , dying and merging into light . 
 no , this was the whirlwind of fire , constantly on , constantly burning . 
 tragic , uplifting , devastating and beautiful . 
 all-encompassing and all-devouring . 
 into the fire . 
 chapter 2 . 
 god , my arm hurts . 
 searing , itching pain , scratching inside it , it does n't want to stop but i ca n't seem to get to it . 
 i do n't know why , ca n't work out why , because i ca n't even see it . 
 it 's like i 'm blind . 
 wow , maybe i am blind . 
 no , i 'm not blind , my eyes were just shut . 
 easy mistake . 
 but i still ca n't move my arm . 
 wow , i need a drink . 
 i wonder what time it is . 
 maybe i just missed something , maybe it 's evening . 
 if i ask for a left handed pint maybe i 'll be all right . 
 i have to work my way out of here though . 
 and that 's a good point , why am i lying down ? 
 everything opens up before me when i open my eyes . 
 the light is fierce , bright and i have to shut them again , quickly . 
 slower this time , take your time . 
 okay , i can focus now on the light above me , coming from a single point , way above , it must be a hundred miles . 
 white , with a white ring around it , blurry , bright , but still there . 
 wow . 
 maybe i 'm dead . 
 maybe this is heaven . 
 well , no that would n't work . 
 clearly . 
 so i ca n't be dead , which i guess is a positive . 
 i have to blink several times , i can feel water gushing out of my eyes -- not tears -- i 'm not sentimental -- and i ca n't wipe it away , it makes my eyes sting . 
 my left arm wo n't work either , and that is no good for the pub . 
 though i think maybe i have more fundamental issues . 
 like , why am i lying inert in this hospital bed ? 
 because it 's clear , it 's obvious , i do n't have to go through the routine of noticing , identifying and realizing , it 's just so obvious . 
 wow , what a cliché . 
 just the right point to start my memories . 
 lying here , unable to move , in a hospital bed , alone , in a white room , the walls and ceiling too white to take in , the equipment brilliant white with little black and red lights that keep flashing , the room empty and closed except for a door and a large glass window looking out onto an empty corridor . 
 i do n't know what else to do now . 
 close my eyes ? 
 think how the hell did i get here ? 
 wonder why my head hurts so much . 
 maybe i do n't have any arms or legs , that 's what they say , you think they really hurt when actually they 've gone . 
 i saw that in a black and white film once , a war film , this guy why was dying , saying to his friend , my leg really hurts can you help . 
 well , there was n't much he could do , except pretend to scratch his leg . 
 i 'm going to have to be really careful , when someone turns up i will want evidence that my legs and arms are still there . 
 maybe they can hold up a mirror or something . 
 but what if i do n't have any ? 
 maybe i do n't want to know . 
 if i 'm stuck here and ca n't move for the next , say , three weeks , will i really want that on my mind when i can get out . 
 and how will that work exactly ? 
 maybe i 'll have to use a wheelchair . 
 that would n't be so bad . 
 get someone to wheel me round and i can get to the pub and sip my pint quietly in a corner . 
 they will probably buy it for me , in any case . 
 better still , an electric wheelchair . 
 yes , that would be good . 
 get a rapid one and then my life may actually be easier . 
 but what if i do n't have any arms ? 
 how would i operate my wheelchair ? 
 how would i drink a pint ? 
 wow . 
 that 's something to face up to . 
 the existential angst of a bedridden patient . 
 maybe i could write about that . 
 do i write ? 
 no . 
 good job i guess . 
 good job . 
 oh . 
 maybe i drifted off . 
 something feels different . 
 something is different . 
 the light just seems more ... i 'm not exactly sure . 
 just more , well , something . 
 and there 's something else . 
 my god . 
 i can see myself . 
 there 's a mirror . 
 a mirror on the ceiling . 
 i 'm staring at myself . 
 that 's what 's different . 
 oh wow look , i do have arms . 
 and legs . 
 wow . 
 god that is a relief . 
 hmmm . 
 i do n't look that great though . 
 tubes everywhere . 
 in my nose , in my mouth , in my throat . 
 how had i not noticed those before . 
 and my arms . 
 bare and white . 
 i mean , completely . 
 who was it who said the mark of a man can be judged by the tattoos on his arm ? 
 norman mailer , maybe ? 
 or jesus ? 
 i ca n't remember , one of the two i 'm pretty sure . 
 what does that make me ? 
 maybe i 'm not a man . 
 help ! 
 no , i am , look at yourself , john , look , you 've got stubble , and muscles , though they look a bit dodgy , and hair on your arms . 
 i mean , if you 're a woman , seriously , you have more problems than this . 
 okay , calm down . 
 first thing i do when i get out of here is get some serious tattoos done . 
 okay , deal . 
 well , maybe after the pub . 
 right , well the good news is that i have arms and legs , so getting all that stuff done is back on the table . 
 and get my muscles sorted . 
 do n't look like i 've been to the gym for months . 
 maybe i 've been on too many steroids , maybe that 's it . 
 maybe they 've turned on me , attacked my flesh , removed my tattoos from the inside , maybe that 's it . 
 but why would i be on steroids ? 
 that makes no sense . 
 i am definitely not a body builder , just someone who 's fit , good looking and probably intelligent . 
 though you can never tell . 
 i remember ... hang on , what do i remember ? 
 now that is a good question . 
 actually that proves my intelligence . 
 there are quite a few black spots , now i come to think of it . 
 when i say quite a few , it 's pretty much all black . 
 i mean , i know my name . 
 and i know how old i am , i 'm pretty sure . 
 and i think i know ... or maybe i do n't . 
 but i am quite handsome , actually , maybe i 'm a model . 
 is that good , being a male model ? 
 no , no , no , definitely not that . 
 maybe . 
 actually , why bother thinking about it , it 's giving me a headache and it 's not like i can reach for the phone and call my agent , or my boss , or whatever and chat about this and that and important decisions and executive meetings and the state of the economy , is it , really . 
 no , of course i ca n't because i ca n't move . 
 brilliant . 
 i have an idea . 
 i know what i 'm going to do when i get out of here . 
 get a tattoo and go to the pub . 
 or maybe the other way round . 
 but that 's sorted . 
 so , i need some priorities in here . 
 that will keep me focused . 
 so , priority number one . 
 get out of here . 
 right . 
 god , my head hurts . 
 maybe i oh wow look progress . 
 there 's someone here ! 
 now this is exciting . 
 on my own again . 
 shame . 
 she was quite pretty . 
 was n't that the name of a song ? 
 now , now , now , stop ! 
 stay with it ! 
 there are two people here . 
 brilliant ! 
 i can talk to them . 
 there 's the pretty nurse from the other time . 
 she 's very pretty actually , and she 's looking directly at me . 
 wow , great she must be interested , this is great . 
 even with my stubble , my muscles that need some work and no tattoos , she 's there . 
 that 's brilliant , when i 'm sorted she will be all over me . 
 fantastic . 
 right , concentrate john , time for that later , concentrate on your priorities . 
 who 's the guy ? 
 yeah , he 's a doctor , right , he 's got the doctor 's coat and he 's got a sensible , parted haircut , and he just looks clever . 
 he must be the doctor . 
 he 's got a clipboard too and he 's tapping it , and they 're talking . 
 no ! 
 hey , look at me , not him . 
 i mean , maybe he looks like a better bet right now but give me a chance and it 'll all be great . 
 okay . 
 hand on my chin . 
 bit too close , my friend . 
 why are you staring at me like that ? 
 hey , that hurts ! 
 whoa , do n't shine that ... yeah , okay , that 's weird , that 's intense . 
 i can smell your breath now , i mean really , back off , why ca n't she do this ? 
 what are you looking for ? 
 my eyes are here , you do n't need to shine that light in them . 
 stop , really , you 're making me sick , i 'm going to oh . 
 now , i need some water , really . 
 i 've got a headache . 
 what was i drinking last night ? 
 oh , that 's right , nothing . 
 i 'm in a hospital bed , i remember now . 
 next time they come i need to get myself together , ask some questions , ascertain some facts , and then assess my situation . 
 it makes me feel better to put things in italics . 
 like a statement of intent . 
 a statement of boldness . 
 whoa -- crash ! 
 - ouch -- that 's good . 
 i can hear something . 
 what was that ? 
 hang on , i can hear . 
 that means i could n't hear before . 
 is that worrying ? 
 no , of course , not , i can hear now . 
 `` mark '' who said that ? 
 `` mark , take a look at this '' oh , hello , pretty nurse . 
 how are you ? 
 it 's john by the way , not mark , but yeah , what do you want me to look at ? 
 `` interesting '' who said that ? 
 oh , it 's the doctor again . 
 hang on , maybe she 's not talking to me . 
 `` what do you make of it ? '' 
 `` well , mark , i think it confirms what we thought before . 
 i think it 's probably category a3 . 
 what 's your opinion ? '' 
 a3 ? 
 is that good ? 
 `` yes , i 'm inclined to agree . 
 i should check pupil dilation again to confirm , but if it 's still there and the blood 's like this , that 's the conclusion i 'd draw . '' 
 `` do n't worry , mark , i 've already checked pupil dilation . 
 i 'm satisfied you know how to do it by now . '' 
 such a pretty voice too . 
 and giving one back to a doctor . 
 fair play . 
 `` so shall i write up the diagnosis and confirm next steps ? '' 
 why 's he asking her that ? 
 i wonder what the diagnosis is . 
 excuse me , what 's the diagnosis ? 
 `` he has n't moved for eight days now , correct ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's correct , i 'm afraid . '' 
 hang on , stop ! 
 that 's wrong ! 
 look , moving , opening and shutting my eyes ! 
 hey , that counts ! 
 they 're both looking at me . 
 `` nothing , not even eye movement . 
 you 'll have to mark him at the very end of the spectrum . '' 
 `` okay , thanks jane , i 'll get this written up and run it by you . 
 but i guess the next steps are fairly clear . 
 i 'll check on the next of kin too . '' 
 `` thanks mark . 
 you can head off after that . 
 have a good evening '' hoy ! 
 hang on ! 
 wait ! 
 but they switch the light off before leaving , and for the first time i remember i 'm plunged into darkness . 
 chapter 3 . 
 `` hello john '' who 's that ? 
 a3 . 
 really , what does that mean ? 
 next of kin ? 
 i wonder who would turn up . 
 my mum and dad ? 
 christ knows , dead , i think . 
 my brother ? 
 good luck with that . 
 anyone else , any other significant people in my life ? 
 i look in the mirror , stare at myself , stare into my eyes . 
 the lights seem to have turned a shade of purple know and it puts a soft glow over everything , makes me seem like i 'm fading , like i 'm half there , in some sort of semi existence as if i 'm about to disappear and come back on the other side . 
 `` hello john '' unmistakable this time , it 's a woman 's voice , a husky voice erm , hello . 
 not sure if i 'm talking or not . 
 `` yes , of course you 're talking . 
 how 's things ? '' 
 how 's things ? 
 well , let me see . 
 been better , i guess . 
 `` really ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 you 're kidding me right ? 
 maybe you do n't know where i am . 
 who are you , anyway ? 
 `` ha , ha , yes john , very good , i know exactly where you are . 
 probably a lot more than you . 
 but you 're not happy ? 
 you 're not enjoying yourself ? '' 
 well ... i have to think about this for a minute . 
 let me assess . 
 it 's dull . 
 it 's really dull . 
 nothing to do except stare into space . 
 nothing to distract me . 
 nothing to eat , nothing to drink except that dodgy brown mush that winds slowly through that tube to somewhere in my throat . 
 pretty young nurse and i ca n't talk to her ... `` she 's a doctor , not a nurse '' whatever , still pretty and i ca n't talk to her . 
 serious itch on my nose and i ca n't do anything about it . 
 `` but it 's peaceful , though , john , do n't you think ? '' 
 peace is lying on the sofa at home with a can of lager in my hand watching a horror film or a football match . 
 this is n't peace . 
 this is just tedious . 
 can i even have a smoke ? 
 `` smoking will kill you , you know , john . '' 
 wtf ? 
 `` you 've got to think long term . 
 do n't wallow in self-pity and self-misery just because you find yourself in a tight situation now . '' 
 and i mean , seriously , wtf ? 
 `` john , john , i 'm disappointed . 
 you are so naïve , so blinkered in your view . '' 
 i mean , whoever you are , i 'm not sure you grasp my situation here . 
 i mean , i ca n't move , i 've got tubes all over me and apparently i ca n't see and ca n't speak . 
 they 've talked about my next of kin . 
 they 're probably going to come in and start measuring me up for the morgue next . 
 seriously , if this is n't a good time for self-pity then please help me out . 
 hello ? 
 hello ? 
 chapter 4 . 
 `` now then , john , let 's make you nice and comfortable . '' 
 hands are pulling me , lifting me up and i can almost feel something but not quite . 
 it smells good though and i realize it 's the pretty nurse who is leaning over me , her scent filling me , her breasts rubbing against my bare chest . 
 maybe this is n't so bad after all . 
 i find myself sitting up , staring ahead , for the first time . 
 well , this is a little better . 
 a much better view . 
 none of that bright white light shining into my eyes , now i can look out of the huge window and get a great view of the corridor . 
 way more interesting , i can see everyone going past , busying themselves with their day to day routines and important stuff and everything . 
 i 'm sure they 'll start soon . 
 right now , it 's empty and i 'm staring through glass at a blank , white wall . 
 i 'm thinking they should put a picture up there , the seaside -lrb- no ? 
 too clichéd ? -rrb- 
 or sunshine -lrb- even worse ? -rrb- 
 or maybe the inside of a strip joint -lrb- yes -- much better . 
 why do n't they just put up pictures of naked women , and if a woman 's lying in the bed they can switch it to naked men , i 'm not sexist -rrb- . 
 i wonder if they have a suggestion box or something like that ? 
 make it my first priority . 
 maybe i 'll tell the pretty nurse , what was her name , jane ? 
 oh wait , i forgot , i ca n't speak . 
 `` right , so where are we ? '' 
 erm , still in the same bed , same room , same hospital , i think . 
 `` so ... i checked on the next of kin . '' 
 and ? 
 `` oh , i see . 
 nothing at all ? '' 
 `` no ... apparently a bit of a loner . '' 
 great . 
 thanks mark . 
 you 're on my christmas card list too . 
 jane took a long look at me . 
 her blond locks fell around her perfect face and i looked deep into her misty green eyes . 
 you 'll support me , darling . 
 `` you know '' she said , `` i hate to say this , but i can always tell . 
 there 's something distant about him . '' 
 of course i 'm distant ! 
 i 'm in a fucking coma ! 
 `` yeah , poor guy . 
 parents died . 
 brother disappeared , could n't quite get to the bottom of that one . 
 no kids . 
 lived alone . 
 no close friends from what i could tell '' mark paused . 
 yes ?? 
 `` well , when i say poor guy '' , he continued , `` who knows , maybe he brought it on himself . 
 there 's always a reason , is n't there '' he says softly . 
 `` anyway ! '' 
 jane said briskly , `` makes it easier for us . 
 means i can sign the consent form . 
 have you drawn up the plan ? '' 
 `` i have '' mark sighed , handing her a sheet of paper . 
 what 's on it ? 
 let me see ? 
 `` hmmm ... she ran her fingers down it as she was reading . 
 `` okay , that seems okay ... do we really need to stretch it out over two weeks ? 
 i mean , would n't a week be enough ? 
 it 's not like there 'll be anyone sitting by the bedside , and , well , we need the space . '' 
 `` two weeks is much more humane '' mark replied slowly . 
 `` would n't a week be a bit , well ... brutal ? '' 
 yes ! 
 it would ! 
 absolutely ! 
 even two weeks ! 
 why not make it two months ? 
 i mean , i know it 's not a lot of fun here but then i 'd prefer it to ... `` no '' she replied firmly . 
 `` he 's not going to feel much anyway . 
 it 'll probably be more merciful that way . 
 why drag it out ? 
 make sure you change it '' you really are not my friend anymore jane . 
 but she 's not listening to me . 
 she hands the paper back to mark , turns and leaves . 
 mark walks slowly over until he 's close to me . 
 he leans over me and whispers `` i 'm sorry my friend , i really am . 
 we 'll try to make it as painless as possible . '' 
 thanks . 
 i take it all back . 
 i would do the same for you . 
 and then i 'm alone . 
 chapter 5 . 
 `` wake up john '' i open my eyes to darkness . 
 i 'm sure someone spoke . 
 the window 's gone , so i ca n't look into the corridor anymore , and its been replaced by an enormous tv screen that covers the entire wall . 
 it 's been left on but there 's nothing playing , just black and white static and a low hum coming from the speakers . 
 great . 
 this is probably jane making my last week a bit easier . 
 i wonder where she is now , probably at home in the bath or something , or drinking a glass of wine with her boyfriend or whatever . 
 i bet she 's not thinking of me now is she , making plans or discussing the a3 or whatever it is that she does . 
 `` wake up john . '' 
 hey , hey , hey , calm down , i 'm awake . 
 `` good . 
 how are you ? '' 
 will you stop asking me that question ? 
 `` oh , okay , fine . 
 no movement then . 
 still swimming in that lake of self-pity ? 
 still indulging yourself ? 
 `` look . 
 i 've got a week to live . 
 seriously , really , give me a break . 
 `` a week , yes . 
 that 's right . 
 a3 patient , a week to live . '' 
 what 's wrong with me anyway ? 
 what is a3 ? 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 no . 
 otherwise i would n't need to ask the fucking question . 
 what is it ? 
 `` a3 . 
 i 'll tell you what it is . 
 it 's bad , that 's what it is . 
 it 's terminal . 
 no coming back from that . '' 
 oh , great , thanks again . 
 this is going to be a short story . 
 `` what do you miss most , john ? 
 no , let me ask , what will you miss most ? '' 
 loads . 
 i 'll miss loads . 
 i 'll miss ... `` go on '' well ... going to the pub . 
 `` and sitting by yourself '' watching horror films `` by yourself '' look what is this , another dissection of my life ? 
 i mean , jesus , leave it . 
 `` yeah , do n't pin the jesus thing on me . '' 
 excuse me ? 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 my point is this . 
 you 're a bit of a sad case . 
 but i think you have potential , john . 
 i think you can get things done , you just have n't really had the chance . 
 so i do n't want you to give up just yet '' somewhere inside my mind i start to worry about this conversation i have with this husky voiced lady , assuming she is a lady and not just a voice , is this just something that happens in moments of acute personal stress ? 
 do we all get voices bouncing inside our heads or is it just me ? 
 the thing is , though , it really does n't seem to matter . 
 if i 'm going mad , so what . 
 in fact it may even be a good thing , will take the edge off , i can start to indulge in some really weird fantasies and just forget my current problems . 
 go , strange , formless woman , go voice , bring it on . 
 `` will you concentrate , please ? '' 
 yeah , sorry , it must be really important . 
 who the hell are you anyway ? 
 `` ha ha , yes you would like to know . 
 you will understand eventually . 
 my point is i can help you . '' 
 help me go mad , yes , i 'm sure you can . 
 `` no , no , no john , not go mad . 
 you 're not going mad . 
 i can help you with much more than that . 
 i can help you escape . '' 
 of course you can . 
 you 've got something that reverses an a3 , which if i remember right is some seriously bad shit , as you told me yourself . 
 no escaping from that one , you said . 
 `` hey , so i lied . 
 i prefer the drama that way . 
 everything can be escaped from . 
 it 's the rules . '' 
 well , okay , miss ... can i call you something ? 
 `` no '' okay , fine . 
 how do i escape from this . 
 a soft chuckle . 
 `` it really is so simple . '' 
 chapter 6 . 
 now this is really something . 
 pressed , pristine , soft , white and it fits me perfectly . 
 just my size . 
 name badge and everything . 
 will have to get used to that . 
 now , let 's see . 
 ah yes , here we are . 
 one week pathway plan for paris , john . 
 executed : april 7 . 
 right , best get busy . 
 i look over at the bed , the helpless man lying there , inert , eyes closed and i smile . 
 whoever you are , thank you . 
 i owe you one . 
 -lrb- yes you do -rrb- his eyes spring open suddenly and we 're staring at each other and in that moment , i know , he knows , and you can see the fear in them , and of course i 'm sure he 's shouting but of course who knows because he ca n't speak , he ca n't move , and that 's because he 's dying . 
 sorry , john , i would be humane about this but i have this procedure to follow . 
 `` mark ? 
 are you listening ? '' 
 suddenly i realize that the voice is aimed at me . 
 going to have to sort that one out , too . 
 another on the list . 
 i look up at jane 's beautiful eyes . 
 she looks worried . 
 `` you know , i think i saw something in his eyes '' she starts . 
 `` are you sure you ... . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i checked this morning '' i stammer quickly , hoping i 've said the right thing . 
 `` okay ... '' she looks a bit dubious . 
 `` i think it 's just the light reflecting in his eyes . 
 i saw the same earlier , but then i decided it was just that . 
 just the light ... . 
 no '' i said hurriedly , `` we should definitely get on . 
 where 's the switch ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` erm ... nothing '' `` are you all right ? '' 
 asked jane , `` you look a bit , well ... different '' `` yes , yes of course , i 'm fine . 
 sorry '' -lrb- calm yourself down john -rrb- , `` sorry , i just feel a bit , well , i do n't know . 
 this poor guy , you know , like you said , he had a hard time , a hard life , and he fought bravely , only to ... . '' 
 `` i did n't say that about him . 
 i said he 's a bit of a loser '' `` well , yes , but loser , winner , you know , there 's a small difference , and clearly he had a lot going on , and i just feel a bit ... . '' 
 `` mark , mark , mark '' her voice was softer , `` golden rule number one , do n't let any emotion get the better of you . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 wow , your eyes are beautiful , maybe i can ask her out for a drink ? 
 why did n't i think of that , what a good idea , defuse the tension . 
 `` i ... '' i start . 
 she puts her hand up . 
 `` look , i know you 're learning , i know you 'll find it tough . 
 i 'll let this one go , i 'll carry out the procedure for you , but please , watch me and make sure you learn and pick it up . '' 
 god , that was lucky , and maybe we can compare notes over a drink . 
 `` just do me a favour , mark , please ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 `` if you 're going to get emotional , do n't waste yourself on losers like this '' chapter 7 . 
 so . 
 my name 's mark . 
 mark forth . 
 it 's an okay name , not quite as sexy as my old one , but then , hey , i 'm alive . 
 and i 'm not quite sure what to do next as i stand by my locker . 
 jane had to go , what a shame , never got to ask her out . 
 yet , at least . 
 i think we 'll make something happen there . 
 so . 
 i need to sort out my clothes . 
 look at this . 
 a brown cord jacket , hanging in my locker . 
 and grey trousers . 
 why would anyone do that . 
 i mean , look , i 'm looking at my reflection , not bad , some work to do there but not bad , lose the parting , lose the glasses , to start with , muscle up a bit -- i mean , seriously , but that may take some work , and of course get a tattoo . 
 so the jacket 's kind of comfortable but i do n't want to fall into that trap . 
 and now i 'm in the car park , with a set of keys in my hand , looking round . 
 `` forgotten which one your car is ? '' 
 i turn round . 
 `` oh , hi , jane ... . 
 i mean , hi '' i try again with a deeper voice . 
 `` nice jacket '' `` erm , yeah , thanks . '' 
 maybe it is all right after all , perhaps i need to re-evaluate my fashion choices . 
 `` oh , hey , listen , are you busy ? '' 
 `` well i told you , yes , i had to go . 
 why ? '' 
 remember who you are , john , play this cool . 
 okay , do n't remember who you are , but still play it cool . 
 `` well , i just thought , maybe we could grab a drink ... '' she looks slightly startled . 
 maybe i said it wrong . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` well , you know , just a drink , just a chat , no strings , you know we 're both adults ... '' `` are you asking me out on a date ? '' 
 she 's asking , even more startled now . 
 i think her eyes are actually growing wider . 
 i put my hands up . 
 i know how to play this . 
 `` whoa , no , just a drink , i mean let 's not start ringing wedding bells yet ... '' she 's laughing now . 
 `` no , mark , let 's not . 
 let 's not do anything . 
 let 's just forget this conversation ever happened . '' 
 and i swear she kicks her heels before turning and heading for a beautiful red coupe . 
 still some work to do there , then . 
 i 'm clicking the remote on the keys for a while before i finally see which car it 's operating , and i guess the results are predictable but dull . 
 a brown four door saloon . 
 ooh , leather inside though , and look , a sat nav ! 
 maybe things are n't so bad after all , these seats are quite comfortable . 
 it looks and smells clean , and of course no smokes hidden in the glove box , well i guess i am a doctor . 
 and brilliant , press the home button on the sat nav and it 's telling me where to go ! 
 how exciting , my new home . 
 i hope it 's all right , it must be pretty cool , i am a doctor . 
 and the streets do n't look familiar at all , the shops , the houses , everything goes past in a blur as the miles to my house count down slowly . 
 there 's a tree lined avenue coming up , that looks good , but no i have to go sailing past that , and turn into a slightly dodgier street , and ... jesus , a woman 's stepping out onto the zebra crossing , ca n't she see i 'm going too fast to stop . 
 i slam on the brakes and she just gets out of the way in time , and i am so angry i jump out of the car and go over to her and get my face right into hers , as she 's picking herself up and `` what the hell do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 i yell , but i 'm not prepared for what happens next . 
 what happens next is that she throws her arms around me and hugs me and i 'm thinking okay , okay get over it , and gingerly i pat her on the back . 
 `` there , there , love '' . 
 she backs up , pulls herself away and looks at me in surprise . 
 she 's got brown wavy hair , very neat , quite short and well , yeah , she 's kind of pretty . 
 not my type though . 
 and she seems to be crying . 
 bit too emotional . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` oh , mark '' she sobs . 
 bloody hell , i know her . 
 `` thank goodness you 're all right '' . 
 she 's reaching out and squeezing my arm . 
 `` erm , excuse me ? '' 
 `` i know , mark , i know ... the hospital called . 
 they told me all about it . 
 god , i was terrified . 
 i 'm so sorry , i panicked . 
 i could n't do anything , i just sat there for ages and ages before i managed to get going . 
 and then i saw you in the car , i was so relieved ! 
 oh , mark , i thought all sorts of things , i thought i lost you ! '' 
 and she 's hugging me again . 
 carefully i return the hug , thinking who is this mad woman and what does she know about the hospital . 
 how could she know ? 
 and what the hell is her name ! 
 `` erm ... '' i start . 
 pretty good start i think . 
 `` oh , mark , my darling , you must be in shock . 
 come on , let 's go home , we can talk about it there . '' 
 oh no , i 'm really not liking where this is going . 
 `` listen '' she says , her words continuing to gush , `` why do n't i drive . 
 you just relax . 
 come on , i 'll fix us a nice drink and we can talk about it . 
 oh , mark , it 's good to see you . '' 
 well the driving and the drink sound good , the rest i can sort out later . 
 ***** turns out home -lrb- whatever that means -rrb- is only a few hundred yards away , a modern flat in a modern block with garages underneath -lrb- at least we can hide the car -rrb- , but it 's quite cool actually , brickwork and glass and metal and stuff and yeah , i can see myself here . 
 i wonder where i actually live . 
 good question , come back to that later . 
 whoa , and there 's a lift , modern and with touch buttons and speaking voices and everything . 
 we glide smoothly up to the second floor , not the penthouse , shame , but there 's time yet . 
 hmmm . 
 not sure about the décor though . 
 sparse and modern and cool , this is what i was looking for , i bet that 's what my place is like , but this is all brown , you know , dark brown , and light brown , and medium colour brown , with brown curtains and brown floors , well i guess they 're wood , but brown sofas ! 
 i mean , come on . 
 i 'm sure there must be some rules about this somewhere , like the maximum number of brown things that you 're allowed in a room , or what happens if you let people with no taste decorate . 
 i mean , and there 's ... . 
 `` are you all right , mark ? '' 
 her voice is soft and gentle , and i realize that i do n't even know her name . 
 `` you look like you 've never been here before ... what am i saying ! 
 you 're still in shock , are n't you . 
 look , make yourself comfy , let me take your jacket , and i 'll fix us a nice drink , your favourite . 
 then you can tell me all about it . '' 
 before i know it i 'm slouched on the sofa . 
 yeah , okay , comfortable enough at least , i 'll give it that . 
 and then she 's sitting next to me , leaning over me , i can smell her perfume , and she 's putting a drink in my hand , i dread to think how awful it could be , bailey 's , or even worse something like amaretto . 
 but it turns out i do have taste . 
 it 's whisky , not my favourite , of course , but whisky nonetheless . 
 and with a shaking hand i raise it to my lips and remember how life can be such sweet joy . 
 `` so ... '' she starts , `` tell me what happened ... . 
 if you 're ready to , of course . '' 
 hmmm . 
 another sip . 
 `` well , why do n't you tell me what you heard , first , love ? '' 
 she looks slightly bemused for a second , but then `` okay , of course , sure . '' 
 she 's got a decent body , actually , but she needs to wear different stuff , not all that kind of middle aged gear . 
 `` well , it was probably three or four hours ago , just after lunch . 
 i got a call from the hospital . 
 someone i did n't know , a woman , i ca n't remember her name . 
 she said you 'd been seeing a patient , a john ... someone . 
 and that you suddenly had convulsions , suddenly you were on the floor , she said they only found you because you tripped and the patient screamed and she came running , and they managed to get you to a bed just in time and ... '' she pauses and takes a sip of her drink . 
 looks like orange juice , i wonder what 's in it . 
 `` ... and well , and , restart your heart . 
 she told me that your heart just stopped , without any warning . '' 
 i think she 's sobbing again . 
 she takes in deep breaths as she continues , `` and they ran all sorts of tests , but there was nothing wrong . 
 it just stopped . '' 
 wow , she 's looking at me dolefully , i 'm not sure i can handle that sort of look too much . 
 but really , i 'm thinking , kind of strange that jane did n't tell me this . 
 ah well , another strange thing in a strange day . 
 `` mark ? '' 
 oh , she 's been talking to me . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` is that how you remember it ... that is , if you do n't mind ... '' and she waits , patiently sipping on her drink . 
 vodka and orange ? 
 it 's a bit clichéd really is n't it . 
 `` erm , well , to be honest , love , i do n't really remember any of it . '' 
 well that 's true at least . 
 my voice does n't sound right , and , that 's it , of course ... i need a cigarette . 
 i glance round the room hopefully in search of a pack , of an ashtray . 
 `` why do you keep calling me love ... you never call me love . 
 call me by my name . '' 
 oh god , her eyes are glistening again . 
 well , there 's a problem with that , you see ... think , think quickly , john . 
 i could make a name up . 
 what does she look like ? 
 quite smart , a bit fussy , very straight . 
 i 'm thinking julie ? 
 no , too young . 
 sarah ? 
 maybe . 
 not sure . 
 vanessa ! 
 yes , that sounds right , maybe van for short , in fact that could be quite cool and if i get it wrong i could always say i mixed her up with ... . 
 no , maybe that does n't work . 
 it 's a bit risky . 
 mind you , i ca n't remember much , maybe i could just say i 've forgotten . 
 just come out with the truth . 
 that 's right . 
 great plan . 
 in fact , maybe i should tell her the truth about all of it . 
 just say right out , what happened . 
 i 'm not mark , you see , i 'm actually john , john paris , the guy in the hospital who 's dying , and somehow i got switched over -- -lrb- yeah , i 'm going to have to come back to that one , still not entirely sure about that -rrb- -- and then , well , hey here i am . 
 but then what if she kicks me out of my flat ? 
 i mean , it 's not great , but at least , well , flat and car and probably some cash if i can ... maybe it 's her flat , actually that may make more sense , may at least explain the decoration , well that could be a relief at least . 
 christ , what if , maybe we 're married ? 
 nervously i glance down , thank god , no wedding ring . 
 right decision time , what am i going to call her `` i really need another drink , l ... '' stopping myself just in time , `` i 'm really well , you know , stressed . '' 
 `` oh of course , darling '' she says and pats my hand , `` let me get you one . '' 
 and she 's up with my empty glass , and disappears into the kitchen , i 'm guessing . 
 right . 
 any way of finding out her name ? 
 or better still , a smoke ? 
 which one first ? 
 her name ! 
 no , i need a cig . 
 right , go . 
 but then suddenly she 's back , and hands me a fairly small refill . 
 at least there 's no ice in it . 
 `` so '' she whispers , `` call me by my name . 
 call me vanessa . '' 
 i am just too good . 
 ***** so now i 'm sitting by myself in the garden of what i think is my local , not great , a bit posh , but hey it 'll do , because i have a pint of chilled lager in front of me and a cig lit up in my hand , and , for the moment at least , i 'm by myself . 
 i take a long drink and relax . 
 and i 've learned a few things . 
 vanessa is n't really keen on pubs and she hates curry . 
 so there was my first suggestion out the window . 
 i know we 're sleeping together and i think she 's moved in though that may not last based on what happened tonight . 
 i do n't really remember much about this but i do remember her leading me slowly to the bedroom , and then i remember her slapping me , hard , it still hurts . 
 and her shouting something about me never having wanted to do that before . 
 i do n't even remember what it was but i 'm not really that kinky so i 'm kind of worried about where her boundaries are . 
 and then a few more tears . 
 and her shouting at me something about it maybe having been a bad idea her moving in . 
 and then some more tears . 
 but on a brighter note , these contactless cards are great . 
 twenty quid . 
 easily enough for a pint , a pack of cigs and a bag of crisps . 
 and you do n't even need to know the number ! 
 i could carry on like this all night . 
 chapter 8 -lsb- a knock on the door ? -rsb- 
 whoa . 
 suddenly i 'm awake , lying on my bed alone , god my head hurts . 
 wow , i do n't even seem to have got undressed , should at least have taken my shoes off , never mind . 
 the phone starts ringing . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 my throat hurts , my voice is rough . 
 maybe i should drink some water . 
 `` wolfskin '' `` what ? '' 
 maybe i 'm still dreaming `` wolfskin '' the voice repeats . 
 a man 's voice , low and soft . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i do n't know what else to say . 
 the phone goes dead . 
 and i fall back onto my bed . 
 and then it rings again . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` wolfskin '' `` what the fuck ? '' 
 i say the voice goes quiet . 
 `` listen , mr. green , i know it 's you . 
 just give me the password . '' 
 i really do n't know but this sounds kind of interesting . 
 `` erm , well , sorry mate , the thing is i 've forgotten it . '' 
 `` oh , for fuck 's sake , mark , i mean , mr. green . '' 
 `` sorry mate . 
 just had , well , you know , a bit of amnesia . '' 
 that 's quite good actually . 
 `` oh , while you 're there , you do n't know a john paris do you ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 who the fuck 's john paris ? 
 listen . 
 i 've just had instructions . 
 the thing 's on . 
 we need to move tonight . 
 you ready ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , course i am , the thing is , i 've just had this amnesia thing , so you know , can you just let me know ... '' `` what do you mean , this amnesia thing ? 
 you do n't just suddenly get amnesia . 
 oh shit , you 're not chickening out are you . 
 you have n't told what 's - her-name have you ? 
 she has n't talked you out of it ? 
 oh god , mark , tell me you have n't told her . '' 
 `` no , no , no '' i say quickly , `` just erm , well , blanked out at work , and then i kind of forgot a few things ... '' this has been a great trick . 
 i 've managed to get all my passwords and everything reset over the last few days , just by telling people i forgot cos i had this amnesia thing . 
 it 's brilliant . 
 i 've got access to all my cash now , and it 's great , i mean there 's loads of it . 
 i 'm going to strip out all this bloody furniture for a start , and get myself a new car . 
 sporty thing . 
 black leather seats . 
 will be really cool . 
 `` shit . 
 all right , listen , corner of lexicon row and smythe avenue . 
 nine on tuesday night . 
 do n't forget to wear black clothes all right . 
 and for christ 's sake , remember the password next time . '' 
 and then he 's gone . 
 would have probably helped if he 'd told me . 
 i fall back onto my bed and close my eyes . 
 somewhere i think i 've got my cigarettes . 
 i start feeling around my pockets and the bloody phone rings again . 
 `` wolfskin '' i answer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 it 's a woman 's voice on the line this time . 
 maybe they 're trying to trick me . 
 `` wolfskin ? '' 
 i say again , less sure . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mark , is that you ? '' 
 `` erm , yeah '' i reply slowly . 
 `` mark , it 's jane prior . 
 i was just wondering if you were planning to come in to work today ? 
 i mean , you 're only ... '' and there 's a pause , `` three hours late today . 
 slightly better than yesterday but nonetheless , not great is it ? '' 
 shit . 
 `` yeah , yeah , course '' i say quickly . 
 `` it 's just , you know , since i had that , erm , episode the other day ... '' `` what episode , mark ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 her voice is a great mixture of confusion and annoyance , very sexy . 
 i could really go for her . 
 `` listen , whatever , we need you here . 
 this should be paris ' last day today so you have to learn the procedure . 
 be here in half an hour . '' 
 and she 's gone , too . 
 well , at least i 'm dressed , that will save some time . 
 ***** it 's kind of strange , standing here , looking at me , as my body drifts between life and death . 
 my old body , at least , and i have to admit my new body 's a fair bit better , even though there 's not enough muscle and i still have to sort out my hair . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 says a voice . 
 i look round , see an older guy there , grey hair , glasses , you know the usual stuff , probably about sixty , bit stooped , bit past it . 
 `` and who are you ? '' 
 i think he 's talking to me . 
 `` do n't worry , that 's mark , the junior doctor i told you about . '' 
 ah , jane , hello . 
 i give her my warmest smile . 
 `` nice to see you mark , '' but i 'm not entirely sure she means it . 
 `` glad you make an effort with your appearance . '' 
 they both glance at each other , so i 'm guessing this is n't really good . 
 `` well , never mind '' sighs old guy , `` where are we on this one ? '' 
 jane checks her notes . 
 `` we 're about to go into final procedure '' she says thoughtfully . 
 `` any thoughts , mark ? '' 
 `` what , like a prayer you mean ? 
 i 'm not really that good at that sort of stuff ... erm , maybe the old guy , he looks a bit religious ... ? '' 
 `` er , no , mark , i was talking about the patient . 
 any thoughts before we initiate the final procedure ? '' 
 `` ohhhh ... yeah , course '' i say quickly , `` i was just , you know , thinking ahead . 
 erm , well , no not really he looks pretty gone , let 's do this thing . 
 old guy just tuts and shakes his head , he better be careful doing that too much . 
 `` well , jane , nice to see you , i 'll just leave you to it . '' 
 and without even looking at me , he 's gone . 
 jane looks at me . 
 `` i really do n't know what 's got into you in the last few days , but you better get it sorted out quickly . 
 you 're making no sense at all . 
 you were one of the brightest junior doctors here , i could really rely on you , but since , i do n't know , since monday , it 's like you 're , well ... it 's like you 're a different person . '' 
 i feel like i 'm meant to say something in the silence that follows . 
 `` well , maybe we could talk about it over a drink '' i suggest smiling . 
 `` oh for god 's sake , mark . 
 what 's going on ? 
 is everything all right at home ? 
 you can tell me if you 're having any issues . '' 
 `` what , you mean , like , in bed ? '' 
 i 'm a bit shocked . 
 `` for goodness sake , no , of course not , i 'm talking generally . 
 i mean , look at you . 
 you look like a mess . 
 you turn up to work late every day , and i mean hours late , when you used to be so punctual . 
 we could always completely rely on you . 
 and you seem to have no idea at all what you are doing . '' 
 and she actually reaches forward and holds my shoulders . 
 `` i mean , if you carry on like this , mark , we 'll have to consider our position . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nod . 
 i have no idea what she 's talking about . 
 jane sighs and lets go of me . 
 `` you can talk to me , you know , just do n't start asking me to go out for a drink again or anything inappropriate like that . '' 
 okay , well she 's hard to get . 
 i can work on that . 
 i give her my best smile and she sighs . 
 `` okay , well let 's just get on with this . '' 
 she studies one of the screens hovering above the motionless body of john paris . 
 `` all signs as predicted '' she reaches forward and touches a switch that says on / off . 
 and the final , tiny light dies from john paris ' eyes . 
 my body turns to ice for a second . 
 and then it 's gone . 
 `` so '' says jane . 
 `` so '' i say . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 i nod . 
 ca n't help feeling slightly strange . 
 `` will you at least tidy up the paperwork for me please ? 
 inform any next of kin that we can get hold of , stuff like that , you know the procedure ... i think . '' 
 she glances at the piece of paper before handing it to me . 
 `` hmmm , '' she adds , `` same birthday as you i think . '' 
 `` erm ... '' i start `` records office . 
 go to the records office '' she says . 
 she glances at john one more time , then leaves me all alone with my body . 
 chapter 9 . 
 the piece of paper in my hand only has four lines on it . 
 name : john a. paris born : 25th february xxxx deceased : 13th april xxxx 13:41 cause of death : coma a3 the records office is , fittingly , at the end of a dim corridor , and the overhead lights start flickering as i approach . 
 they must do this on purpose . 
 there 's an old dusty door and a tiny window , with a sign outside saying `` please ring the belt -lrb- sic -rrb- for assistance '' . 
 of course nothing happens when i do , and tentatively i try the door . 
 it creaks -lrb- of course -rrb- but swings open and i enter the dank , dusty room . 
 the lights are dim but i can make out corridors full of , well , records . 
 what happened to the computer age ? 
 i thought these days they just typed it all into a machine and pressed some buttons and then that was it . 
 maybe this was some kind of museum , maybe they charged patients to come round and look at it and oooh and aaah and while they were doing that they forgot about how ill they were and felt better , then the hospital could get them out and free up hospital beds . 
 what a great idea . 
 i 'll mention that to jane . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i do n't know how he 's appeared but there 's this young guy standing in front of me , the shadows cast over him give him a kind of eerie , ghostly look but when i look more closely i realize , he just looks dull . 
 grey trousers , grey shirt , with a grey tie , grey hair and grey glasses . 
 his skin would be grey if they made it in that colour . 
 his glasses dull his grey eyes . 
 i think they must make a special category of people to work in records offices , or libraries -lrb- maybe that 's a bit harsh -rrb- , and they probably go to record office school and shop in record office shops and all go to record office parties and dinners and stuff . 
 i wonder what they talk about . 
 `` what do you talk about at parties ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he says , looking a little bemused . 
 i shrug . 
 `` never mind '' and hand him the piece of paper . 
 `` i need to , erm , do the , you know ... . '' 
 record man takes the paper and peers at it intently through his grey glasses . 
 `` ah '' he says , knowledgeably . 
 `` you need the records of poor mr. paris , and then you need to follow procedure w43 . 
 i take it you know the procedure , you do n't need a checklist ? '' 
 `` erm ... '' i start . 
 he sighs . 
 `` i 'll get you a checklist . 
 please wait for a while . 
 have a seat while i find these records . '' 
 and he disappears into the maze of corridors . 
 there does n't seem to be anywhere to sit so i try and lean back on the desk whilst i wait . 
 it 's not that comfortable and i start to get an idea , but just when it starts to go somewhere there 's a cough in my ear and record man is standing next to me , kind of close , and i move back , knocking something off the desk . 
 i can see this thing falling , both of us can and we both watch as it hits the ground and explodes . 
 a bottle of ink , i did n't even realize those things still existed , i 'm thinking as the black ink flies through the air and stains my crumpled jeans . 
 it hits record man 's trousers too , but their greyness just seems to envelop it , absorb it , and it disappears as if it 's been eaten by the greyness inside him . 
 how strange i think , and i look at him , and smile and shrug . 
 `` sorry about that '' i manage . 
 his sullen look just becomes even more sullen and silently he hands a folder to me , together with a small bag . 
 `` you can go through that . 
 please return it to me when you 've finished '' he says in his grey monotone , then he pulls the chair out and sits at his desk , starting to ponder whatever 's on there , gently pushing me out of the way and back to the door . 
 oh well , i think , this could be interesting as i find myself out in the lonely corridor again . 
 there 's no one in the café , except for a fat guy , wearing greasy clothes , standing in front of a huge vat of something steaming , brown smoke escaping ominously . 
 i think it must be some kind of stew . 
 `` can i have a coffee please '' i venture `` black or white ? '' 
 he says , at least that 's what i think he says . 
 `` black '' i try . 
 he looks around , finds a dirty mug and rubs it inside and out with his apron . 
 then he puts a huge ladle into the vat and pours it in , handing over to me . 
 i look dubiously into the brown liquid . 
 `` er , thanks . 
 how much ? '' 
 `` nothing '' he says , `` it 's complete shit . '' 
 then he grabs what looks like a pot of salt , throws it into the vat and begins stirring . 
 there do n't seem to be any no smoking signs , so i light up and sit at a table and open the file . 
 the coffee 's surprisingly good . 
 the first sheet in front of me reads `` police report -- gbh '' in big , bold , black letters and underneath it says : name of subject : john a paris date of report : 30/03/xxxx officer : dc james mulligan ash subject found in alleyway between mercer street and goodenough road , after report called in through emergency services . 
 unable to initially identify identity of caller , later found to be aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 20:05 , wet and dark and i was right annoyed about having to come out . 
 dogshit on my boots , dogshit all over the place . 
 i hate that stuff , it stinks , ca n't get rid of it for days . 
 found the subject - unconscious when found , severe bleeding from the base of his skull . 
 weapon used appeared to large metal bar left by the side of his body , later verified through testing and a fair amount of intelligence . 
 got out of there as quick as i could , on my own , nothing for a murder scene . 
 i phoned through but they did n't want to send anyone , who knows why but who cares , way past my pay grade anyway . 
 did the right stuff like i was taught , got everything into plastic bags , avoiding the dogshit . 
 eventually an ambulance turned up . 
 had to wait there over half an hour , getting soaked . 
 even my cigs were soaked , too windy to light up then when i did the bastard kept going out . 
 only thing that was keeping us warm out there . 
 ambulance guys were angry too , brought a stretcher through , kept getting it caught in the weeds and everything . 
 had to help get the body on the stretcher , heavy bastard . 
 they took one look at him and decided he was a goner . 
 said they would take him over to the hospital , must have been southtown , only one round here . 
 stayed and did my bit , went through , looked for evidence , nothing there except for the bar and a discarded packet of fags . 
 bagged it just in case , not sure why i bothered . 
 got everything soaked , no chance of fingerprints on anything , no way but i 'd get it run anyway . 
 drove straight home that night , could do the paperwork in the morning . 
 got the bar sent over first thing , check to see it was the murder weapon , check to see any fingerprints . 
 took ages as usual but something came back , unidentified they said . 
 but there was a name crossed out . 
 redacted . 
 phoned to ask but no one would say nothing . 
 dozy cow i spoke to , did n't even know what i was talking about when i started but eventually it seemed to seep through . 
 nothing , no lead there , except it was deffo the weapon . 
 asked the sarge what to do next , he checked out the victim . 
 told me not to waste my time too much , would probably be a goner and not worth wasting too much time on . 
 do a few house to house he said , just do enough , check it out and then close it down . 
 more important things to worry about , he said . 
 got big al on it with me , he was just back from six months out with stress and wanted something easy to do . 
 thought we would do a few houses in the morning , stop for a couple of pints and then finish up in the afternoon . 
 no one wanted to say much , not round there , no surprise . 
 just got a few people who knew him , were n't surprised , when we asked why they all said he was a `` sad , pathetic loner '' or a `` bit of a weirdo '' . 
 most seemed to hope that he did n't recover , or at least moved very far away if he did . 
 no one wanted to give any names , not theirs , not nobody . 
 the pub was all right , did decent beer and we had a few bags of crisps to keep the blues away . 
 tried a few more houses in the afternoon but it was all the same story . 
 thought there was one lass who wanted to say a bit more , but then suddenly her fella turns up and it 's all , oh no , do n't remember , sorry love , come back some other time . 
 she seemed real nervous after that . 
 shame cos she was all right and since the missus left i ai n't had so much luck . 
 big al was thinking the same , you could tell , but he 's an ugly bastard , old to boot , he 'd have never got nowhere with her . 
 anyway just in case anything turns up later , sarah cliff , that was her name , flat 4 the heights . 
 if i ever get another chance maybe i 'll give it another try . 
 gave up , drove home , then followed up in the morning . 
 victim had been transferred to southtown general hospital just like i 'd thought . 
 had nowt to do that day so took a trip down there . 
 doctors told me i was welcome to stay but he was in a coma and seriously unlikely to recover . 
 sat there for a few minutes but there was nothing to do there , no grapes , not even a telly , so i scarpered and stopped in the pub on the way back to the station . 
 may follow up in a few days to see if he 's still around . 
 then close the case and move on . 
 i turn the sheet over . 
 well , clearly james mulligan ash was n't a very good policeman , seems to have got his facts all wrong . 
 before carrying on , i go back to get another cup of coffee . 
 fat chef looks at me like i 'm mad . 
 `` you want another one ? '' 
 he asks . 
 when i nod , he just points at the cigarette in my hand . 
 `` oh , erm , yeah , sorry , i thought it was ok '' i mutter . 
 `` gissa one '' he snarls . 
 i shake a cigarette from the packet and hand it over . 
 `` you want a light ? '' 
 i ask , but he ignores me , and crushes it in his huge hand , then throws it into the vat . 
 i shrug as he ladles me another cup of coffee . 
 `` you want one to smoke ? '' 
 i ask but he 's ignoring me , concentrating on the liquid circling the vat . 
 the next sheet of paper in my file gives a few personal details about john paris , well , that is , me . 
 like where i live -lrb- flat 3 , 64a clydescross drive , like that means anything -rrb- , how old i am -lrb- 43 -rrb- , and details of my next of kin . 
 mother and father -lrb- not worth talking about -rrb- , brother -lrb- last seen in warsaw four years ago -rrb- , wife and kids -lrb- none -rrb- . 
 there 's another few sheets which look really dull , so i ignore them , drink my coffee in a couple of gulps -lrb- not as good as the first mug , a bit too salty -rrb- and head to the car park , nodding at fat chef as i go . 
 ***** turns out 64a clydescross drive is part of a huge old victorian house , more run down than shabby , and nowhere nearly as sophisticated as my new place . 
 well , clearly i 'm going up in the world . 
 i follow the signs to flat 3 , which lead me through a broken gate , down a long path which goes to the back of the house , and up some dodgy stone stairs . 
 it must have been really hard to get up these after a few jars , in the night . 
 maybe i was teetotal , that 's how i managed it ? 
 wow , what a scary thought . 
 anyway , no time for looking backwards , i think , as i get to the door of what i guess is flat 3 . 
 and i have a key , kindly provided in the personal possessions bag of my former self . 
 something useful at least , unlike the contents of the wallet which had a few foreign notes in it . 
 i mean what use was that . 
 i enter the narrow hallway , and switch on the light . 
 nothing . 
 great . 
 tight bastard probably did n't even pay his electric , god knows why , god knows what he did with his money , seeing as he did n't drink . 
 bet he did n't smoke either , in fact maybe there 's a secret stash somewhere here , maybe i could find it . 
 there may not be a lot but it all comes in handy , even though i 'm quite well to do these days . 
 i 'm not ashamed to admit it . 
 there 's a noise , i 'm sure it 's a cough , from a room just to the right , and i 'm thinking , hey , who 's in my flat , well it may not be much , but it 's mine , and i will be really fed up if there are squatters here . 
 already . 
 jesus . 
 i just died this morning . 
 i march towards the room , and hear it again , definitely a cough , and so i go in there , chest forward , ready to sort this out . 
 there 's a fat old woman -lrb- and i really mean old and really fat -rrb- sat on a battered green sofa , staring at the telly -lrb- which is switched off -rrb- . 
 she looks up as i come in . 
 `` oh , hello '' she croaks . 
 `` are you a friend of john 's ? '' 
 `` erm '' i say , `` well , sort of . 
 what are you doing in my flat ? '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she gets up quickly , or at least she tries , her old bones do n't really let her and i actually have to help her as she stumbles . 
 i brush my hands quickly in case she 's diseased . 
 `` you 're the landlord . 
 oh , i 'm sure john was up to date with his rent . 
 i have n't got any money , i 'm sorry , and he died you see ... . '' 
 `` no , no '' i say quickly , `` i 'm not the landlord . 
 sorry , slip of the tongue . 
 i meant his flat . 
 i 'm , well , i 'm from the hospital . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , pleased to meet you . 
 my name 's patience , john 's great aunt patience ... '' `` oh , yes , hello patience '' i say , `` my name 's j ... i mean mark , mark erm , dr , dr mark forth , that 's me . '' 
 i give her a big smile . 
 `` oh , pleased to meet you dr forth '' she lunges forward and for a minute i think she 's going to try to give me a hug but she 's just kind of toppling . 
 i step back to avoid being crushed and she manages to steady herself . 
 `` too much gin '' she laughs and i laugh too . 
 at least there may be some alcohol here . 
 i start sniffing . 
 `` were you a friend of john 's ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` erm , well sort of , erm , no not really , i was , well i was his doctor , you know ... i just came to check the place out ... '' that sounds bad . 
 `` i mean , because he did n't have any next of kin , you know . 
 oh , though are you his great aunt , that means you 're kind of kin right ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she laughs , though it 's more of a kind of walrus sound , `` no , i was just his mother 's best friend . 
 dear pru , prudence , what a lovely lady , i do miss her ... '' hmm , prudence and patience , must have been a barrel of laughs . 
 she sits herself back down , heavily on the sofa , it seems to creak under her weight , and i 'm sure i see the floorboards buckle a bit . 
 `` poor old girl , going like she did , '' she continues , `` and with jack , that 's her husband , god rest his soul , though he was no good . '' 
 i 'm getting a headache . 
 did i dial up the wrong tv station ? 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she looks at me with her grey eyes . 
 `` they drove her to drink , they did . 
 she could n't handle it any more . 
 she never used to drink . 
 none of us did . 
 used to drink a nice warm cup of tea with two sugars and a couple of those lovely biscuits you can dunk in them . 
 bliss it was . 
 but that 's when they was kids . 
 used to live in that big old house up on the hill , playing in the front room and in the garden if it was warm , had to mind out for the alligators though , they can be rough , never knew how to play with young kids , but apart from that it was ... '' `` do you have a drink ? '' 
 i ask . 
 little fucking house on the prairie . 
 except for the alligators , maybe . 
 `` but then they started to grow up . 
 john , he was a good boy , really , i always liked him . 
 i know what they said about him , but he was a good boy . 
 mike was the one who was wild . 
 i was scared of him , really , if truth be told . 
 it was him that pushed poor old pru over the edge , it really was . 
 even though they all blamed it on john , cos he was the one who was easy to blame , he was the one who could n't get a girlfriend or a job or anything , he was the one who was stayed at home . 
 sat upstairs in his room . 
 but he was a good boy really . '' 
 `` do you mind if i smoke ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` go on then , thanks , i will have one '' and she reaches over and takes about five cigarettes from my packet , stuffing them into the folds of fat on her face . 
 she leans her head forward for a light . 
 `` i always knew fags were n't bad for you , i always said '' she says , wheezing heavily . 
 `` i mean look at you , young , good looking successful doctor , i mean you know really do n't you . 
 they was all lying all this time , was n't they . 
 you can tell me , i wo n't tell , promise . '' 
 i sigh and smile , lighting up for both of us . 
 i mean , who cares really . 
 have to do some damage to this body too . 
 `` there 's some drinks over there '' she says , nodding at a decaying piece of furniture propping up a lamp . 
 `` there 's a bag there with what 's left of his stuff too , i had a look through it but it 's just like papers and everything , so i left it . '' 
 i find a bottle of vodka , half full , a dirty glass and a cup , so i pour each of us a decent drink , giving her the cup . 
 i can hardly drink vodka out of a cup , being a doctor . 
 `` how did he die ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she takes a long drag and sniffs . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` how did he die ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 she throws back the vodka . 
 `` who ? '' 
 jesus . 
 `` erm , john '' i say . 
 `` oh , yeah , john . 
 poor john . 
 well , like i said , i told the police everything i know . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i ask , scratching my head . 
 `` no , '' she sighs . 
 `` they did n't even ask me . 
 were n't even interested . 
 and i 'd had me hair done and everything for it . 
 even got out me best dress , the one with flowers , you know which one i mean , right , and they did n't even ask me , rotten buggers , not even a phone call . 
 same thing when poor pru and jack died , mind you , she was drinking a bottle of voddy a day , starting in the a.m. , so it was n't really no surprise that she ran her car off the road , you know . 
 but mike , he did n't even go to the funeral , you know , at least john went , i told you he was a good boy . 
 it was just the two of us , me and john , standing there i remember it like it was yesterday , you know they gave me some of those little strawberry flavoured sweets , they was lovely , i saved a few . 
 wait , maybe i still have some ... '' she 's starting to fish in a huge pocket of her dirty brown cardigan , and she brings out a mass of stuff in her fat hand . 
 there 's a comb with hair stuck in it , a calculator , something that looks like a knife , and a clump of red-brown stuff , which she starts to pull apart with her other hand . 
 `` they 're a bit old now , love , sorry , the funeral being so many years ago and everything , but they still taste lovely . '' 
 she offers one to me , but i 'm not that hungry , so i ignore her and she shrugs , throwing the whole lot in her mouth and chewing loudly . 
 `` absolutely lovely , they are , just like pru was . '' 
 `` so , erm , about john , you were telling me what happened '' i try . 
 `` was i ? '' 
 her eyes narrow . 
 `` why are you so interested ? 
 were you his friend , did you say ? 
 you looked after him at the hospital , did you ? 
 did he do anything ? 
 you 're not the police , are you ? 
 i 'm not going to tell them , not after how they treated me and everything . 
 did n't even want to know , they did n't . 
 i know he was a bad child , but he was a good boy , really . 
 did he owe you money ? 
 cos i do n't have any , honestly . '' 
 `` no , no , '' i cough . 
 it 's kind of hard to explain to her , really , is n't it . 
 that i 'd like to know why i died . 
 and if someone cracked my head open with a metal bar , i 'd really like to meet them . 
 with a bar of my own . 
 `` i 'd just like to , you know , clear stuff up . 
 he was a good guy . 
 i liked him ... . '' 
 `` he was a good boy ! '' 
 she shouts , and little bits of red gloop fly over and hit me on the chest . 
 `` unlike his brother . 
 mike was the real bad one . 
 he was in with a real bad crowd . 
 left suddenly , went off to the continent . 
 do n't know why he wanted to go over there . 
 warsaw , that was the last i heard . 
 that 's in france , you know . 
 got to be careful . 
 never could trust the french . '' 
 `` no , i guess not '' , i mutter . 
 `` and , erm , john ? '' 
 `` well '' she says conspiratorially , and she leans closer to me . 
 `` do you have another drink ? '' 
 i pour us both some more vodka . 
 `` well , '' she says , `` you know , a couple of weeks before he got attacked , he calls me , you know . 
 says he 's in a lot of trouble , asks if he can borrow some money . 
 well he ca n't , course , can he , i felt bad about that but you know , what could i do . 
 i do n't have nothing myself . 
 tells me he needs to go and see mike , needs to get over there , but not to tell anyone . 
 whatever happens . 
 so i did n't , of course . 
 course i did n't . 
 and i ai n't seen him after that . 
 i could n't give him any money , could i , seeing as i do n't have any myself . 
 you must n't judge me , it 's not my fault is it . '' 
 `` no , no sure '' i say quickly , `` what happened then ? '' 
 `` well , erm , nothing '' she says , `` he got attacked , he went to the hospital and then he died . 
 but you know that do n't you , that 's why you 're here . 
 listen , you could n't do us a favour could you ? 
 i would n't ask only , you know , it 's been hard lately ... '' i sit staring at her . 
 she wants money , right ? 
 `` erm ... '' i say . 
 she leans forward and i 'm kind of scared she 's trying to pout or something , or even , i do n't know , whatever it is , it 's scary . 
 a couple of the cigarettes work themselves free from the folds of her flesh and drop to the floor . 
 good , i 'll take those back later . 
 `` look , '' she says , `` i do know a couple of the people that john knew ... '' `` great '' `` maybe i could have another drink ? '' 
 `` those people ? '' 
 `` look , darling , oh , sorry , yes , i mean , doctor . 
 sorry . 
 but ... '' and she takes a large drink , `` you know , maybe , just for the fags , like , that 's all . 
 and a bit of the rent . 
 i 'm not into any of the hard stuff ... . '' 
 i sigh , reach into my shiny executive wallet and draw out a few sheets . 
 i do n't even look at them as i hand them over , a man of my status should n't have to . 
 `` oh , bless you '' she sighs , `` you 're such a good man . 
 you and john , you would have got on well . 
 he really was a good boy , even though , even after what he did to his poor old mum , he and that dirty brother of his . 
 but he liked me , he was always good to me , always looked after his auntie pru , he was ... '' `` erm ... '' i interrupt , `` you said that you knew a couple of people that he knew ... '' `` yes , that 's right love , i did ! '' 
 she shouts , tapping me on the knee . 
 `` now just hang on there for a minute '' and she reaches into her right pocket and starts to root around . 
 eventually she brings out an old green book and opens it . 
 `` now '' she says , `` yes , here we are , there was one boy , he was an old classmate of john 's , i think the only one he kept in touch with . 
 i think he was his only friend , to be honest '' and she sniffs loudly . 
 god , maybe she 's going to cry in a minute then what the hell will i do . 
 `` poor john , he was n't good at making friends , he was just a bit , well ... strange . 
 but he was a good boy , you know that , do n't you ... '' `` his friend ? '' 
 i ask . 
 maybe i can punch her but i think my fist may just get absorbed into the rolls of fat , and get eaten by a monster , like from some horror film . 
 maybe i 'll get absorbed into her , maybe that 's why she 's so large . 
 i down another large vodka just to get the thought out of my head . 
 `` his friend , yes , that 's right darling , his friend martin . 
 martin jelfs . 
 i know that john , he 'd been in touch , they 'd been doing a bunch of stuff together , you know , like , quite recently . '' 
 she leans forward towards me , conspiratorially , and i have to stop myself from being sick . 
 `` you know , my darling , i think martin knows something . 
 you know , about poor john 's death . 
 they was spending a lot of time together , then suddenly john disappears , and then he dies . 
 do n't you think . '' 
 she gives me a long , hard look . 
 `` he disappeared ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , yes , i told you darling , he calls me , says he 's in a lot of trouble , gets mike 's address , and then i did n't hear nothing more from him . 
 so he must have disappeared . '' 
 i have to pull my eyes away from the sweat that 's dribbling down her face and over the pimples . 
 `` you know where his friend lives ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , yes , his friend , my darling , i am sorry . 
 well , here he is . 
 martin jelfs . 
 and i do have a number for him too . 
 07655 101669 . 
 there you go , darling . 
 and do n't forget that bag over there , it 's got some of his things in it too . 
 oh , and do n't forget . 
 john 's funeral . 
 the poor thing . 
 saturday at two . '' 
 chapter 10 . 
 i think it 's tuesday . 
 i ca n't remember much of what 's happened , except my afternoon and evening goes something like this . 
 4:30 : wake up slumped on a chair with a serious headache . 
 i gather my bearings and see pru lying on the sofa , snoring , her top half undone with stuff i really do n't want to see poking out . 
 ca n't even begin to think about what might have happened . 
 get up and almost fall over , but manage to steady myself . 
 decide it 's too late and i 'm too drunk to go back to the hospital . 
 make my way out slowly , carefully back towards my car and realize there 's a message on my phone that says : `` mark , where are you ? 
 need you here asap for the anesthetics we discussed and to start the urgent procedure on patient 247 . 
 critical that you get here right away . 
 jane . '' 
 decide to go home and sleep it off , then i 'll see . 
 5:30 : another message from jane . 
 two in fact and a voicemail . 
 decide to ignore them , i have a headache and it does n't seem like anything that ca n't wait till morning . 
 get some sleep on the sofa , have a couple of beers and feel much better . 
 no sign of van , come to think of it there has n't been for a few days , so decide to treat myself to a take away indian . 
 in a bit . 
 7:00 : run out of beer . 
 and cigarettes . 
 phone the indian and guess what , they 'll deliver a twelve pack and a pack of 20 with my vindaloo . 
 and just half an hour to wait . 
 put my feet up and finish what 's left in the bottle of whisky . 
 8:00 : i feel good . 
 8:30 : my phone rings . 
 check it 's not jane so i answer it . 
 `` where on earth are you ? '' 
 there 's no hello , no how 's it going sweetheart or anything . 
 `` hello van '' i burp . 
 `` mark , are you drunk ? '' . 
 `` erm , no '' i lie . 
 `` well where are you ? 
 i 've been waiting for half an hour and the performance starts in ten minutes . 
 i do n't want to be sitting here on my own with a glass of wine . '' 
 `` oh , er , sorry love '' i start . 
 `` and do n't call me love ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` oh , er , sorry , l ... i mean sweetheart . 
 i 'm just on my way . 
 got held up , sorry . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you know , erm , work ... '' i try . 
 there 's a sniff . 
 why does everyone have a cold . 
 `` you are on your way ? '' . 
 `` yeah , yeah , course i am , would n't miss it . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` you 've been acting very strangely recently mark . 
 please do n't let me down . '' 
 `` no , course , sorry , it 's just you know , work , been a bit tough ... '' . 
 her voice is softer . 
 `` i 'll see you in five minutes then ? 
 do n't let me down . '' 
 `` yeah , see you in five , you got it '' and i hang up . 
 8:34 : finish my last poppadum . 
 8:38 : the phone rings again . 
 it 's van . 
 better avoid that one too . 
 8:48 : the phone rings again . 
 do n't recognize the number , better get it . 
 `` hope you 're on your way , man . '' 
 what ? 
 `` lexicon row and smythe avenue . '' 
 oh shit . 
 `` do n't forget to wear black . 
 be seeing you . '' 
 i look down at my curry stained hospital clothes . 
 well , close enough . 
 better get gone . 
 8:51 : van rings . 
 can hardly answer it now i 'm driving . 
 8:52 : a text from van . 
 `` do n't bother meeting me tomorrow . '' 
 8:59 : lexicon row and smythe avenue . 
 i stagger out . 
 chapter 11 . 
 it 's dark outside and i ca n't see anyone else around . 
 just parked cars on a street full of big houses , with drives and front lawns and walls onto the street . 
 posh cars parked in the drive . 
 maybe we 're car thieves . 
 maybe mark forth is secretly part of a clandestine car theft organization , just using the hospital doctor thing as a cover . 
 my heart leaps , yes , that must be it , i knew he could n't be quite as dull as that . 
 right , what do i know about stealing cars . 
 i do n't think you can hot wire them anymore , which is kind of lucky , as i do n't know how to do that . 
 i think it 's all about electronics . 
 maybe i 'm an electronics genius or something , ready to take on the world . 
 right now i 'm stealing cars , yes , but why not banks , why not make myself seriously rich , have a yacht or something and loads of glamorous girls just like ... `` mr. green ! '' 
 i turn round . 
 where did that come from . 
 `` mr. green ! 
 over here , you idiot ! '' 
 it 's a shouted whisper , if you can do that . 
 there 's a crack in the back of a blacked out van -- that 's quite cool -- and i make my way over . 
 walk slowly , cool , do n't look hassled . 
 the back door opens fully and someone grabs my coat and yanks me in . 
 `` jesus , i thought you said you were wearing black . 
 fuck 's sake . '' 
 there 's a guy in front of me , kind of tall and well built , he has n't shaved and he 's wearing the works , skin tight black trousers -lrb- not really my thing -rrb- , black top , black gloves , even his hair 's black . 
 `` oh yeah , hello mr. black '' i give him a big smile . 
 `` jesus . 
 what is the matter with you . 
 i 'm mr. yellow . 
 we 're supposed to be wearing black . 
 lucky i brought some spares . 
 get changed and get it sorted , we 're running late already . '' 
 he hands me a bag and i 'm guessing there are some black clothes inside . 
 the inside of the van 's quite cool really , its been kitted out a fair bit . 
 there 's a few lights and a couple of seats and what looks like some surveillance equipment in the corner , a camera showing the road and focused on one particular house . 
 `` cool van '' i say , getting changed . 
 these trousers are seriously tight , i hope to god i do n't want to have kids cos it 's looking less likely . 
 `` you 've seen this van a thousand times , mr. green . 
 god 's sake . '' 
 he lights up a cigarette and offers me one . 
 `` you have n't been drinking have you ? 
 cold , sober , ready to go right ? 
 operation wolfskin . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , yeah , course '' i say quickly , hoping the smell of the curry masks all the booze . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` okay , i thought you were part of this cos you were supposed to be the intelligent one . 
 never mind . 
 remember , this is target number 5 out of 5 . 
 the other four are already acquired . 
 this is our one , mark , i mean mr. green , we 've got to get this right , yeah . '' 
 `` yeah , course , i 'm ready '' `` good . '' 
 he reaches into a box and takes out what looks like a gun . 
 maybe i have screwed up ? 
 my life ends here , in the back of a black van ? 
 could be worse i guess . 
 but he hands it to me . 
 whoa . 
 i take it gingerly , holding it away from me between my fingertips . 
 `` mark , get a grip on yourself mate . 
 it 's just for protection , remember , just a last resort . 
 put it away , like this . 
 safety 's on , i checked . '' 
 he lifts up his top , turns and i see he 's got a gun tucked into the back of his trousers . 
 i do the same , the barrel 's pointing right at my arse . 
 not sure i 'm too happy about that . 
 `` right '' he 's talking in fast whispers . 
 `` remember , we 're the diversion . 
 we go up to the house , ring the doorbell , say we 've lost our way . 
 just need to keep them talking for a few minutes and then it happens . 
 yeah . 
 you got that . 
 right . 
 when the green light goes on we go . '' 
 `` what , like that green light ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we go '' he says . 
 he smacks me hard , on the back , opens the door and jumps out . 
 what the hell . 
 i follow . 
 ***** the house is huge , old , imposing , silhouetted against the dark sky . 
 it 's the kind of house i could imagine living in , with my new status in life , when we 've done a few of these missions , when i have a tidy sum in my swiss bank account , when i can make important phone calls sitting on a lounger on my yacht . 
 and the drive ... we have to walk down this tree lined drive that must go on for a mile , with big green trees or bushes or whatever lining either side . 
 they should provide some sort of transport , a golf buggy or a travelator or something like that so that you do n't have to walk . 
 i mean , what the hell does the postman do every day ? 
 he must be seriously fit . 
 and the porch is huge , with two giant spotlights standing over us and highlighting us like some thieves caught in the night , which i 'm still thinking we are . 
 we have had two walk past two sleek black cars . 
 i mean these cars were gorgeous , sensual , seriously , whoever designed them must have been high on something , no way could you do that with mere mortal powers . 
 i am weak kneed with admiration . 
 this is the earthly definition of sex on wheels , it even made me whisper to mr. yellow , let 's just get these and get out of here , but he just gave me a filthy look that made me think maybe i have made a mistake about our mission . 
 and i 'm struggling to understand that because whose life would n't be complete behind the wheel of a machine like that . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 i nod . 
 `` just follow my lead '' he whispers . 
 right to the cars , mr. yellow . 
 he reaches forward and touches a panel . 
 a very soft light comes on and turns towards us . 
 `` smile '' he whispers ferociously . 
 i give my best smile . 
 seconds pass , the night is hot and i can feel sweat building up on my forehead , running down and into my eye and that 's not good because i want to look my best when when the door slides silently open and we are stood facing with a tall , lean woman , very good looking . 
 `` can i help you '' she asks in a posh voice . 
 mr. yellow is about to speak but i come out with it first . 
 `` i love your car '' i say , though i think maybe it 's not a woman 's car . 
 she turns to look at me . 
 `` thank you '' she purrs . 
 `` the second one is mine . 
 wonderful is n't it ? 
 i could die in that car . 
 it leaves with dreams of passion , of desire , of making love in the back seat and staring up into the stars , watching my soul drift away in perfect slow motion . '' 
 i 'm gone . 
 `` now '' she looks at us again , `` you both look very demure . 
 are you here to valet the cars ? 
 or to feed the fish ? '' 
 `` valet the cars '' i drool `` feed the fish '' mr. yellow says , slowly , uncertainly . 
 `` ah , both ! '' 
 she claps her hands . 
 `` how wonderful . 
 gary will be pleased . 
 but it is rather late , is n't it ? '' 
 `` is gary home ? '' 
 asks mr. yellow . 
 `` oh , yes , he is , but you know , he ca n't be disturbed . 
 he 's having a bath , i think . '' 
 she looks at me and winks . 
 `` would you like me to show you my car ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` er , no ! '' 
 says mr. yellow quickly . 
 `` we need to , erm , get our equipment . 
 and deck the place , i mean , inspect the place , i mean , eat the fish ... i mean , check the fish . '' 
 sweat 's pouring out of him like a river , i 'm thinking of asking this lady for a bucket and maybe we can use it to wash the car , but she just laughs . 
 `` well please do n't eat the fish , they are rather lovely , if a little dangerous . 
 shall i let you collect your equipment ? '' 
 mr. yellow and me look at each other . 
 we both shrug , in unison . 
 `` i guess '' says mr. yellow we turn around to go , and just then there is a huge sounds that explodes in the sky , we turn and look up , our host walks out slowly and links her arm into mine and stares up with us at a huge machine , a kind of helicopter , hovering in the sky by the house . 
 slowly , surreally , a panel seems to open in the side of the helicopter and something comes out , a long pole . 
 it hovers there for a minute and then suddenly shoots into the side of the house , breaking through the brickwork with ease and sending debris flying . 
 me and mr. yellow both flinch , try to duck , but lady ice stands there coolly , looking at it without moving . 
 dust falls onto our faces as we continue to look , hearing a lot of rumbling , shuffling and maybe screaming as the pole remains in the house . 
 then it starts moving again , coming out , and i am not kidding , i have not been taking drugs , the end of the pole has become a kind of giant metal claw and it 's grasping one of those victorian baths , the ones with little feet at the bottom , and in the bath is a man , holding on , looking over the edge , panic on his face . 
 the helicopter , the pole , the path and the man stay there stationary for a few seconds , the man looking down at us and screaming something , but you ca n't hear because of the noise of the helicopter , and then without warning , it shoots off , disappearing into the night . 
 `` well , that was something '' lady ice says coolly . 
 `` let 's go inside . '' 
 `` erm '' says mr. yellow , `` well we really better get going . '' 
 `` nonsense ! '' 
 she says , `` the party 's just started ! '' . 
 we both try and turn to go but she 's holding both our arms , she has a grip of steel , and she steers us into a grand hallway , chandeliers and carvings , vases and old pictures and everything , all the way through to the end and into a doorway at the back . 
 this room is very different , it 's all white , very plain , with a table in the middle and four chairs around it , other than that there 's nothing except for the huge lights at the top and the feeling that it 's very cold . 
 there 's also a man here , standing at the far end , facing away from us , just looking at the wall , hands behind his back . 
 i 'm wondering what is so fascinating about that particular piece of wall when he says in a low , calm voice , `` sit down , wo n't you . '' 
 lady ice guides each of us to a chair and we sit . 
 mr. yellow glances nervously at me , i smile and shrug . 
 `` wo n't you pass me your weapons , please '' says lady ice . 
 `` and why would we do that ? '' 
 asks mr. yellow . 
 good answer , shame that he 's so nervous he stammers it , and it comes out more like `` w-w-w-w-hy would we d-d-d-do , sorry , i mean , do , th-t-th-that , sorry ... '' `` because if you do n't , i 'll shoot you . '' 
 the man turns and we see that it 's actually gary starr , lead singer of the teen pop sensation band four ways west . 
 he 's wearing a black dinner jacket with bow tie and everything , and in his hands he 's holding a very large , very mean looking gun , more like a sub machine gun , which kind of makes our pistols look a little sad in comparison . 
 `` mr. starr ! '' 
 i say , `` i did n't realize it was your house . 
 i 'm so sorry ... . '' 
 mr. yellow stares at me then back at gary -lrb- i hope he does n't mind me calling him that -rrb- . 
 `` i thought you were in the bath . 
 i thought we got you . '' 
 lady ice laughs . 
 `` such an old trick . 
 just a body double . 
 i do my job well , you know . '' 
 gary walks up to her and touches her . 
 i feel slightly jealous , i thought we had something going for a minute there . 
 `` miss freighton is my personal bodyguard . 
 she 's so good i do n't need anyone else . 
 of course , i 'm pretty handy myself , not something that i share with my fans . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i ask . 
 everyone stares at me this time , so i think i 'll just shut up and go with the flow . 
 `` now '' he says , `` weapons please . '' 
 he 's pointing the big mother of a gun at us . 
 we both get our weapons out and put them on the table . 
 a bit of a relief to be honest , mine was starting to kind of hurt . 
 lady ice picks them up and studies them . 
 `` hmmm , not too bad she says . '' 
 she walks over to a corner and touches the wall . 
 a slot opens from nowhere , and she throws the guns inside . 
 they disappear with a clatter . 
 mr. yellow gulps . 
 `` can i have a glass of water ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` erm , no '' she says . 
 gary walks up to us and stands right in front of mr. yellow , very close . 
 mr. yellow pushes himself back into his chair as far as he can go . 
 `` now '' says gary , pushing his gun into mr. yellow 's stomach , `` i 'd be interested in some answers . 
 all my band mates have disappeared suddenly , kidnapped or murdered or something , and now you come for me . 
 i 've protected myself because i 'm a professional , but ... '' and i can only assume he 's pausing for effect , `` i want my friends back . 
 we have music to play ! 
 we have kids to entertain ! 
 we have a duty in life and ... '' again he pauses , and then says very slowly , `` i am not going to allow you to stop us . '' 
 `` but you 're poisoning them ! '' 
 shouts mr. yellow , `` you 're destroying young lives ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 asks gary , looking genuinely puzzled . 
 i must admit , so am i . 
 there 's a loud noise from outside , i 'm guessing the doorbell , and he turns to lady ice . 
 `` can you see who that is please . '' 
 he stands back , leaning on the table , looking at us , as she disappears and we all wait , listening . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 a pause , `` oh , you 're police officers , how lovely to meet you '' a low voice answers , `` sorry to disturb you ma’am , but we received reports of a disturbance at this property and so we , well , we came to investigate . '' 
 `` a disturbance ... what kind of a disturbance ? '' 
 `` well ... . 
 two , no , three of your neighbours called in , they said that , well ... '' a pause , `` well , that a helicopter suddenly appeared , and well , it crashed into your house , and left , well ... '' another pause , `` well , carrying a bath with someone in it '' `` ha ha ha , really , what a bizarre story , it must have made you laugh '' `` well , sorry ma’am , and i do apologise for pushing , but there , well there does seem to be a hole in the side of your house . 
 and well , it does seem to expose your bathroom , and well , the bath does appear to be missing . '' 
 `` yes , of course it is ! 
 we 're having it completely redecorated . 
 we got bored of the victorian look , we want something much more modern , more sleek . 
 it will be wonderful . 
 why do n't you come round and take a look when it 's done , i 'll be happy to show you . '' 
 `` erm , and the , hole in the side of your house ? '' 
 `` will be a huge window , allowing us to bathe whilst looking at the stars and making love al fresco . '' 
 a silence . 
 `` erm ... and ... the neighbours reports ? '' 
 lady ice 's voice goes low , conspiratorial . 
 `` do n't you know ? 
 the neighbours around here ? '' 
 `` no , ma’am '' the voice sounds worried . 
 `` all on drugs . 
 they take lsd , ecstasy , even heroin all the time . 
 i ca n't stand drugs . 
 detest them . 
 but all the neighbours , they 're too rich , they do n't have enough to do , they spend their days high , they come out with all such strange stories , it happens all the time . 
 i mean , a flying bathtub ! 
 whatever next . '' 
 `` really ma’am ? 
 they are really on drugs ? '' 
 `` oh , dear me , absolutely . 
 there 's a little man who comes round every day , about eight o’clock . 
 he has a suitcase full of them , he goes to every house and gives them what they want . 
 he does n't come here of course , oh no . 
 not a single drug in the place . 
 he knows that if he did i would call the police straight away . 
 but the rest of them , well , officer , it 's terrible ! 
 simply terrible . '' 
 `` well , erm , thank you for informing me ma’am . 
 that is very worrying . 
 we will have to follow up on that . 
 and ... '' `` oh , do n't mention it . 
 sorry you had a wasted trip here . 
 goodnight officer '' and in two minutes , she 's back . 
 gary glanced at her , and stroked his silver beard with his free hand . 
 nice move . 
 `` nice '' he said , `` but what are you going to do when they come after the little man ? '' 
 `` oh , well , i thought i could offer up one of these two , if they 're still alive . 
 they would n't dare say anything different , they 'll say whatever we tell them , just give them a suitcase full of something and they 're behind bars for 35 years . 
 one less body to dispose of . '' 
 `` i like it '' `` now hang on ... '' says mr. yellow -lrb- i think i 'll call him mr. y from now on -rrb- `` yes , back to you '' says gary , poking the muzzle of his gun into my friend 's stomach . 
 `` tell me where my friends are ... if you want to live '' i must admit i admire the cool , calm way he delivers this . 
 i bet he 's good on stage . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 `` not good enough . 
 miss freighton , please get me the instruments . '' 
 `` oh great '' i say , `` what you going to play ? '' 
 everyone ignores me this time , and from nowhere lady ice produces a small , black , leather pouch and unzips it . 
 oh , that sort of instrument . 
 there are tweezers , needles , blades , lots of shiny silver stuff . 
 `` now just wait ... '' says mr. y. `` why ? 
 why should i wait ? 
 you ca n't just go round making whole bands disappear . 
 well , if they 're awful , maybe . 
 i mean , if you made phil collins disappear , say , that would be a start ... '' `` yeah , good point , phil collins is awful '' i say `` listen to your friend '' says gary , giving me a friendly nod . 
 that was good of him . 
 `` i do n't know what you have against us . 
 we make sweet , heartfelt love songs and ballads , and catchy pop tunes , and people dance and smile and kiss to them , and they make love and they get married and they grow old happily together and what is the fucking problem ? '' 
 mr. y is almost spluttering with anger . 
 `` what is the problem ? 
 you 're seriously asking me what the problem is . 
 i mean , for god 's sake , listen to some of your lyrics . 
 i mean , this is my favourite one ... you say your heart is a block of ice let me breathe on it , touch it , melt it to be able to love you , that would be nice and join ourselves in an everlasting kiss '' he spits out the words , his rage increasing with each line and he 's left panting at the end . 
 i hope he 's ok . 
 gary 's shaking his head . 
 `` what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 `` what 's wrong with it ? 
 i mean , i really do n't know where to start . 
 firstly , it does n't scan . '' 
 `` yes it does ! '' 
 `` no it does n't ! 
 second , i mean , it 's got the word nice in it . 
 god , what a horrible word . 
 you should be banned from ever singing again just for that . 
 and then , an everlasting kiss . 
 what is that ? 
 what sort of example does that give to our kids ? 
 kisses are n't everlasting , you 'd choke for a start ... '' `` and who ... '' says gary slowly , deliberately , `` are you to be the judge of what my lyrics do to the hearts of our children . 
 who are you to deem what 's right or not ? '' 
 `` well someone has to ! '' 
 shouts mr. y. `` someone has to take responsibility for what 's going on . 
 i mean , i lie awake at night , i have nightmares , i toss and turn , i ca n't get those lyrics out of my head , i mean , they are literally driving me crazy . 
 and it 's not just me . 
 there are lots of us . 
 mark here , i mean mr. green , sorry , for a start . 
 there 's a whole army of us . 
 you should see what people really say about you , the parents , the responsible ones at least . 
 i mean , what about this ... . '' 
 and he almost sings it this time and when we touched i thought my heart would break you 're sweeter than a piece of chocolate cake `` yeah , that 's pretty bad '' i have to admit . 
 lady ice looks away . 
 even gary looks a little embarrassed . 
 but he calms himself down . 
 `` enough '' he says . 
 `` enough . 
 look ... either you tell me where the rest of my band is , or i will take this pair of tweezers and start ... '' and he leans forward and whispers something into mr. y 's ear . 
 `` you have ten seconds to decide . '' 
 he steps back , and walks to the back of the room , holding his machine gun casually in his left hand . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 asks lady ice . 
 we all look at mr. y who has turned completely white and started coughing . 
 foam even starts coming out of his mouth . 
 maybe he has rabies ? 
 i can see lady ice is thinking the same thing , she wraps her arms around herself and looks round , searching for rabid dogs i expect . 
 `` m ... my ... '' he splutters . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my pills ... my heart pills ... '' gary and lady ice glance at each other , and gary nods . 
 `` yes ok you can have your heart pills , we still need to talk to you . 
 where are they ? '' 
 mr. y is writhing on his chair . 
 `` po ... pock ... pocket '' `` i think he said pocket '' i say helpfully , but they ignore me again . 
 gary nods at lady ice who reaches over to mr. y and searches both his pockets , producing a small silver container . 
 as if by magic she has a glass of water in her hand , she opens the container and shakes a small white pill into her hand . 
 `` one pill right ? '' 
 she says and mr. y nods . 
 gary paces around the room , stopping in the far corner to look back at us . 
 i wonder if he 's checking for dogs too . 
 she reaches forward , places it into his mouth and then forces some water in . 
 mr. y continues writhing . 
 we all wait . 
 the foaming stops . 
 then the writhing stops . 
 then mr. y sinks back into his chair and the colour returns to his face . 
 he wipes his mouth . 
 `` thank you '' he says with a big grin . 
 there 's a flash of uncertainty over lady ice 's face , then suddenly mr. y springs up , grabs her and throws her across the room . 
 me and gary both flinch though i 'm sure he was n't aiming at us , as lady ice literally flies over the table and smashes into the white wall behind , leaving a hole in it , and slumps to the floor , immobile . 
 i 'm sitting there , looking stunned at mr. y. `` adrenaline pills '' he winks at me and gets up , walking slowly towards gary . 
 but gary 's recovered from the shock and lets out a cry of rage , aims his gun at mr. y and starts firing , round after round , into him , until the machine gun stops and he drops it on the floor , looking at my friend 's inert body . 
 maybe i should have got up and hidden , but it 's a bit late now . 
 i watch , stunned , as gary walks over to the table , picks up my pistol and stops in front of me . 
 he studies me for a second , then he raises the pistol to my head and smiles . 
 `` time to die , my friend '' he says . 
 i blink . 
 `` erm '' i say . 
 `` that 's all you can say ? '' 
 this is n't any good . 
 what 's the point of a new body , a new mind , all this secret society stuff , a girlfriend , yeah well , need to sort that one out , if it all ends here . 
 i have to get out of this . 
 `` erm '' i splutter . 
 then i shut my eyes . 
 there 's a loud explosion right in front of me , so loud it feels like my ears are going to bleed , like my eyes are going to be crushed . 
 then there 's a crash . 
 and a cry . 
 and a voice that says `` for fuck 's sake '' . 
 i open my eyes . 
 standing in front of me is mr. y , and he 's standing over the body of someone . 
 gary , in fact . 
 who seems alive . 
 by the fact that he 's groaning and writhing and clutching his head . 
 mr. y turns to me . 
 `` get up '' he says . 
 i get up and look at him . 
 `` you 're alive '' i say . 
 he winks . 
 `` bullet proof vest . '' 
 `` oh cool '' i say , `` like mine , right ? '' 
 `` no , yours is just normal . 
 luckily he did n't shoot you . '' 
 `` but ... '' i start to say , and stop . 
 well , maybe he did n't shoot me . 
 maybe that explosion was something else . 
 whatever it was , i 'm still alive , that 's the main thing . 
 `` well that went well '' he says , smiling . 
 `` of course , i knew it was a diversion all along . 
 i played it well , do n't you think , made myself look quite uncertain . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 `` er , yeah , i guess '' i say . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` come on now , we need to be quick . 
 you tie him up , i 'll find us some transport . '' 
 he hands me some string . 
 `` do n't ask where i got it from '' he says . 
 `` erm '' i reply , `` maybe i could look for the transport and you tie him up ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` tie the fucker up , and i 'll get the transport '' he says , brusquely , and walks out of the room . 
 i glance at gary , still moving slowly and groaning on the floor , and i shrug , kneel down and get to work with the string . 
 first his hands . 
 i bind them really tight , i 'm not really sure why , digging the string into the wrists until red lines form around it and he starts jerking from the pain . 
 one wrist and then the other and then together behind his back , kneeling over him , he tries to protest a bit but he 's too weak and dazed to do much . 
 then the legs , just above the ankles , i pull his trousers up and bind his legs , with the same intensity , he kicks up a little bit but again i just ignore him until it 's done . 
 i get off him and then with an effort turn him over so he 's facing me . 
 his face is contorted , in a grimace , his eyes open briefly , they 're red , bloodshot , they try to focus on me but then he closes them again . 
 and so i stare at him . 
 and i do n't know why but something makes me . 
 pick up the pistol from the table and kneel over his body , so i 'm resting on his chest , so i can nuzzle the pistol into his face . 
 his body stirs again , his eyes flicker open and wander aimlessly for a second , then manage to focus . 
 they look at me , they glance downwards and see the gun . 
 they look at me again and they trickle . 
 i can feel myself smiling , feel my finger on the trigger , feel something that i have n't felt for a while , something like power , something like passion , something like the ability to do something . 
 he starts to make a slow gurgling sound , and i put one finger to my lips . 
 and very slowly i start to squeeze the trigger . 
 i close my eyes in anticipation , in excitement , in `` right ... . 
 what the hell do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 and it 's gone . 
 i let out a breath , drop my hand to my side and turn . 
 i feel tears welling in my eyes , i do n't know why . 
 mr. y is next to me , shaking me , `` mark , come on what 's going on . 
 alive . 
 we need him alive . 
 get up . '' 
 i shake my head slowly . 
 `` i , erm , i do n't know , i do n't know what ... '' `` look , i can understand you 're angry but we have a plan . 
 remember the plan . 
 always remember the plan . '' 
 he grabs hold of my hand and helps me to get to my feet . 
 hurriedly i wipe my eyes . 
 back to normal . 
 fine . 
 `` i could use a drink '' i say . 
 `` no time . 
 we 'll do that later . 
 come on , i 've got the transport sorted . 
 help me get this bastard up . '' 
 i reach into my pocket and find my cigarettes . 
 that 's something at least , i light up and breath slowly . 
 `` did n't know you smoked ? '' 
 i offer the packet to him but he shakes his head . 
 `` come on , let 's get to work . '' 
 we grab an arm each and hoist gary up . 
 he 's kind of heavy , with his head slumped forward and his body trailing behind . 
 `` does n't look like so much of a pop star now does he ! '' 
 laughs mr. y and i can only nod . 
 `` hey , do n't look like much of a pop star now do you ! '' 
 but gary is n't replying . 
 we leave the room and go back through the main hallway and then through a small door on the left , and down a small flight of stairs . 
 the lights come on automatically as we enter a huge underground garage , concrete floor , concrete walls . 
 you 'd think they could have painted it , all the money they have . 
 there 's just one car parked in the centre of the garage , but it 's enormous , some huge 4x4 which seems to have been doubled in length . 
 the boot is open , it 's more a doorway than a boot , and we climb in and yank gary inside . 
 it 's a huge open space , it must run fifty feet to the end , and it 's tall enough for us to stand up in . 
 there are two settees , a coffee table , a huge television with a curved screen and a bar in the corner . 
 even the floor is fitted with really thick carpet , you almost sink into it . 
 `` wow '' i say as we both drop gary , and i walk over to the bar , seeing a bottle of jd behind a glass screen . 
 the screen slides open as i reach forward and gratefully i take the bottle . 
 `` mark , come on for god 's sake '' `` i 'm fine now '' i smile as i follow him back out . 
 the back door folds shut and we walk to the front , getting in . 
 i make myself comfortable in the passenger seat , light another cigarette and put the bottle to my lips . 
 `` i told you , later '' scowls mr. y but i ignore him and take a long drink , feeling the warmth seep to my stomach . 
 `` let 's go '' i growl mr. y laughs and we start moving , heading towards a roller door that lifts automatically , and going up a ramp . 
 as we get closer to the top the ceiling just seems to fold open in front of us and we find ourselves on the drive outside the house . 
 `` impressive '' whistles mr. y . 
 there 's a short rumbling from the back , but we ignore it . 
 we move forward slowly passing the sleek black cars . 
 `` could we ... '' i ask `` forget it '' says mr. y and he accelerates away up the long drive . 
 chapter 12 . 
 `` so what the fuck 's up with you '' mr. y asks , eventually , as we drive slowly through the night . 
 i put the bottle down on the table next to the armchair that i 'm sitting on in this amazing car . 
 definitely one for my list . 
 it 's so smooth it feels like we 're not even moving and i watch the bottle with fascination as it stays there , rock steady , in the moving car . 
 `` it 's like i told you '' i say , slowly , `` i had this thing at work , it 's like i 've got amnesia or something . 
 i mean ... '' i pause , `` i do n't even know your real name . 
 what is your real name ? 
 i 'm getting really tired of calling you mr. yellow all the time . '' 
 he turns and studies my face . 
 `` you 're serious are n't you . 
 jesus . 
 well why the hell did you come along , if you did n't even remember what for ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` sounded like fun '' i say . 
 he laughs . 
 `` yeah , fun . 
 definitely was that . 
 christ my chest hurts . 
 my name , mark , is jason . 
 jason friedman . 
 we 've been friends for about five years . '' 
 `` oh good . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` hello jason . 
 you want a drink ? '' 
 he glances at the half full bottle of jd . 
 `` do n't be an idiot . 
 the last thing we can afford is for me to get pulled over . 
 so ... you do n't even remember anything about this ? '' 
 there 's a shuffle in the back and a bang against the screen that shields us from it . 
 we both glance round and ignore it . 
 `` well ... erm , i 'm kind of gathering ... '' `` so ... '' he says , `` you probably are . 
 we 're part of this ... group ... this society ... to , well , to make things ... '' there 's a loud crash from the back and jason looks round , annoyed . 
 `` hang on '' . 
 he touches a button on the centre console and a little screen appears in front of us , showing a picture of the back of the car , with gary 's face peering into it . 
 he looks -- well , angry . 
 `` cool '' i say . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 `` to join your friends . 
 i thought that 's what you wanted . '' 
 what a great line . 
 wish i had thought of that . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 shouts gary . 
 `` let 's not go down that road again '' sighs jason . 
 `` we can do this , in fact , oh look , we are . 
 it 's no more than you deserve . '' 
 `` and what are you going to do with us ? '' 
 `` you 'll see ... when you meet the general '' `` the general ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` shush '' says jason `` oh jesus '' says gary . 
 `` the general . 
 great . 
 i bet you 're a secret society , are n't you . 
 i bet you even have a secret society name , do n't you . 
 i bet you even have robes and do symbols and secret codes . '' 
 `` shut up '' shouts jason . 
 `` do we ? 
 what 's our name ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` shut the fuck up '' says jason . 
 `` no , tell him '' says gary , `` why not . 
 if it 's a great name why are you being so aggressive ? 
 come on , tell him , tell both of us , i 'd like to know . 
 i mean , you 've kidnapped me , at least i deserve to know who by , do n't i ? '' 
 `` the man has a point '' i say `` all right ! '' 
 shouts jason , slapping the wheel with both hands . 
 the vehicle wobbles , ever so slightly , i glance nervously at my bottle . 
 `` all right . 
 we 're the order of the holy crusade of the light . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 `` wow '' i say , `` cool name . 
 the ohcl '' `` hmmm ... '' says gary , `` a bit knights templarish do n't you think ? 
 a bit da vinci code ? 
 could n't think of anything much more original ? '' 
 `` look ... it 's a good name , give me a break . '' 
 `` and how does the general fit in ? 
 i mean , that 's a military rank is n't it . 
 if you 're a holy order , surely you should have a high priest or something should n't you ? '' 
 i stroke my chin . 
 `` yeah , he 's right jason , it ... '' `` look ! '' 
 shouts jason and this time our vehicle wobbles more and i grab my jd just before disaster falls , and gratefully take a drink . 
 `` look ! 
 it 's just a name . 
 it 's not the point . 
 the important thing is what we do is n't it . 
 the important thing is that we are prepared to take action . 
 we are not going to let our society be dragged down by people like you '' he snarls , jabbing a finger at the screen . 
 `` yeah , you say that '' muses gary . 
 i ca n't help feeling he 's relaxing into his role now . 
 it 's quite impressive , him being tied up and bound and on his way to somewhere horrible i expect , he 's just riding through it . 
 that is true star quality . 
 i will ask him for some tips i think . 
 `` you say that , but really ? 
 i mean , surely you 're missing the point ? 
 you know , if you really wanted to make a difference why not go after some people who really are horrible , like , i do n't know , the tory party or something . 
 or i do n't know the head of big business or people who exploit workers in the third world , or anything ? 
 but us , seriously ? 
 a pop band ? 
 i mean ... '' and he holds his hands out flat , as much as he can , given that they 're tied together and his wrists are starting to bleed . 
 `` it 's people like you that do n't get it ! 
 politicians do n't make any difference , never have done . 
 and let 's face it we need people to be exploited so we can go on living the way we do . 
 why would i go after them ? 
 but you '' -lrb- jabbing at the screen again , this time he hits it and there 's a tiny blemish left there -- which is a shame -rrb- he shouts , `` you exploit our kids ! 
 you take away our heritage ! 
 you are the real evil here ! 
 and do n't try to deny it '' and with that he flips a switch and gary disappears into a point of light at the centre of the screen . 
 `` enough of that he says . 
 oh look , we 're here . '' 
 our vehicle glides to a halt in front of what looks like an old warehouse . 
 it 's kind of hard to tell in the night ; jason and i glance at each other and for some reason i feel nervous . 
 we both climb out and walk over to it . 
 jason puts his hand on my shoulder , `` just be cool , okay , let me do the talking . 
 do n't want anyone thinking you 've lost your head or something , cos you might just lose it . '' 
 he laughs nervously and i copy him . 
 he nudges me , `` you best guard the man in the van '' , leaving me standing in the dark night , as he walks towards the far end of the building . 
 the warehouse is big , old and looks abandoned , it 's made of bricks that are starting to crumble , and has windows every few feet that are boarded up . 
 jason stops about 50 feet away from us , and tentatively reaches forward to what looks like a broken door . 
 he does n't knock or anything like that , just touches his hand on the door and waits . 
 i wrap my arms around myself , the night has just become cold . 
 there 's no noise at all from the vehicle and i find myself wondering if gary 's all right . 
 maybe just a quick look ? 
 before i can do anything there 's a noise and i look to see an entrance behind the wooden door , jason leaning into it and i think shaking someone 's hand . 
 then he 's gone and the wood 's back there , just like it was before . 
 i knock on the back of the truck . 
 `` gary , are you all right ? '' 
 no reply . 
 god . 
 what if he 's thirsty ? 
 what if he 's hungry ? 
 maybe i should look after him . 
 i knock again . 
 `` gary ? '' 
 still nothing . 
 well , what harm can a quick look do ? 
 i reach for the touch panel at the bottom of the truck , and the rear door slides open , lighting up the cavernous interior . 
 looks really comfortable , i think , maybe i should just have a quick lie down on one of those sofas , maybe me and gary can have a quick chat about things , talk about music , maybe we can clear up some of these issues . 
 hang on , where is gary ? 
 `` gary ? '' 
 my voice echoes into the truck . 
 well he ca n't just have disappeared . 
 and now i notice one of the sofas , something strange about it , it seems to be moving , in fact it 's coming straight at me . 
 i jump out of the way just in time as it flies out of the truck and onto the dirt road , turning itself over and crashing . 
 that will destroy the leather . 
 there 's a kind of swoosh and i jump back just as gary , still tied up , launches himself at me , landing on me and though he ca n't do much i can see what he 's about to do as he crashes his head towards mine and then `` and then nothing '' growls a deep voice as gary is suddenly pulled backwards , pulled upwards , screaming and shouting and i dust myself down and pick myself up and see jason standing with a big man , dressed in a strange green suit , with a broad face and a pissed off expression and a cigar in his mouth and i 'm thinking this must be the general . 
 `` what sort of idiot are you ? '' 
 he growls , and l wonder whether he 's talking to gary but it 's kind of obvious that he 's talking to me and so i lower my head , and then raise it again , then lower it and then i kind of say `` erm , sorry , i was just ... '' `` it 's ok , general , he 's under control '' a voice says and a thin , hard man walks over to the general 's side . 
 he 's dressed completely in black , has dark skin , jet black hair and a mean looking face and he 's holding gary in one hand , limp like a rag doll . 
 `` good work , stevens '' says the general , as stevens carries gary away . 
 `` you 're sure he 's all right '' the general asks jason , nodding at me . 
 jason has his eyes closed . 
 `` yes , yes , i am , of course . 
 i 'm really sorry . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 the general chews and spits some cigar at my feet and glances at me . 
 he steps forward until he 's inches away from me and i find myself shrinking back . 
 `` you '' he spits , and jabs his finger into my chest , `` you better not screw up again . '' 
 and then he 's gone , walking slowly and purposefully back to the warehouse . 
 jason looks at me . 
 `` you fucking idiot . '' 
 `` err , sorry '' i give him a sheepish grin , and he shakes his head wearily . 
 `` good job we 're best mates . 
 come on , let 's go and drink all night . '' 
 chapter 13 . 
 it 's 9:45 in the morning and i think this is a great time to be getting to work , though i have to admit that i maybe should have got changed . 
 and washed . 
 and shaved . 
 and maybe even have gone to bed . 
 but i 'm here , so i 'm maybe a little unsteady on my feet and my breath may smell a bit too much of whisky , but you know , i 'm a professional . 
 i can handle these things . 
 jane does n't think it 's a great time to be getting to work . 
 she does n't even say hello , her first words are just `` where the hell have you been , why did n't you answer my call last night ? '' 
 and then she went on to `` jesus you look a complete mess '' , and then `` have you been drinking ? 
 seriously , mark , are you drunk ? '' . 
 that , i think , is why i 'm sitting here again , waiting , in the canteen , with a good cup of coffee in my hand and a cigarette between my lips . 
 that 's why i 'm waiting for her to , i think , come and get me and take me to some meeting about my future . 
 i may be drunk but i 'm guessing it 's not about a promotion . 
 still , what the hell . 
 we had a good time last night . 
 we ditched the limo and torched it -- that was fun -- then we walked back to gary 's house and picked up the van , drove to his place and , well , i 'm not really too sure about the rest , except staggering out at about half nine and getting a taxi to the hospital . 
 and meeting jane . 
 and finding out my smile was n't enough . 
 and now i 'm sitting in a large , plush room , on an old chair facing a desk , one of those huge , ornate ones , and i 'm sitting opposite jane and some other guy , with an old face and a beard that makes him look , well , intelligent . 
 he beams at me , and i smile back and think i 'm going to throw up . 
 he leans forward . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asks and he looks genuinely concerned . 
 `` of course he 's not all right '' snaps jane . 
 `` he came to work drunk . 
 and late . 
 and failed to attend an urgent session last night despite being reminded of it several times . 
 and so i am recommending immediate dismissal . 
 it 's very clear . '' 
 she leans over to clever professor -lrb- he must be a professor -rrb- and whispers something in his ear , and his face drops a bit . 
 `` well , well , really '' he mutters . 
 and turns his attention back to me . 
 `` now , now , young man '' he starts , with a grave voice , `` you really have n't behaved well , have you . 
 i must say . 
 do you have anything to say for yourself ? '' 
 `` before that '' says jane , before i can say anything , `` let me clearly state for the record , why we are here . '' 
 `` i thought we already did that ? '' 
 asks clever professor , confused . 
 `` for the record , we need to do it '' `` but '' he says slowly , `` you said he came to work a little late after having had one or two glasses of wine , and some meeting or other having slipped his mind . 
 i think it 's very clear . '' 
 `` it was rather more than that ... '' she starts `` nonsense , nonsense , i think it 's very clear . 
 now , let 's see what this young man has to say for himself . 
 clearly a smart , upstanding citizen , so i 'd like to understand what made him act in a somewhat , well , foolish , way . '' 
 he smiles broadly at me and leans forward attentively , waiting . 
 i glance at jane , she 's staring angrily at him . 
 `` well '' i say , uncertainly , clearing my throat . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he asks encouragingly . 
 `` well , it 's like this . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` what happened was this ... '' i 'm trying really hard to get this straight in my head . 
 i clear my throat again . 
 `` i knew there was an explanation ! '' 
 he shouts triumphantly . 
 `` go on , mark , go on my boy , you 'll find i am a very good listener . '' 
 i rub my face with my hands . 
 `` a patient died yesterday . '' 
 `` ah yes , very sad , very sad . 
 and you took it personally ? 
 i know , it can happen . '' 
 `` well , erm , yes , you know , he seemed like a , well , nice guy '' `` yes , yes , i know , i know . 
 and ? '' 
 `` but that 's no excuse ! '' 
 says jane sternly . 
 `` let him finish , i 'm sure there 's lots more '' says clever professor , patting her with his hand . 
 she pushes his hand away . 
 oh . 
 i thought that would have been enough . 
 `` and '' i say , trying to sort out my thoughts , `` well , i , well , we , well ... jane asked me to look after the , erm , you know , documents and stuff ... and well , so i did . 
 and i , well , i went to his house to check it out ... '' `` you went to his house ? '' 
 asks jane incredulously . 
 `` of course , of course , good idea '' says cp , smiling again . 
 `` i like to see that , taking an interest in our patients ... '' `` but he was dead ! '' 
 jane says `` nevertheless ... '' says cp . 
 jane and i glance at each other and it 's like for a moment we share a bemused thought . 
 `` so ... you went to his house , and ... '' `` and , well , there was an aunt , well no , not a real aunt , more like a kind of friend of the family there and '' `` and she was very upset ? '' 
 `` erm , yes , so i tried to well , comfort her and well , i do n't really know how to say this , but ... '' i trail off and look down . 
 `` oh '' says cp , shocked , and put his hand to his mouth . 
 `` she ... ? '' 
 i shrug my shoulders . 
 `` i know i 'm a good looking guy , and she was , well , she was , overcome i guess . 
 i felt sorry for her so i gave her a drink and she ... '' -lrb- and i whisper this -rrb- `` she tried to take advantage of me '' looking down again for effect . 
 `` oh my goodness you poor man '' says cp , `` however did you cope ? '' 
 `` you seriously believe this shit ? '' 
 asks jane . 
 `` shush ! '' 
 he replies . 
 `` well , it was hard '' i 'm saying , `` you know , i mean , she was an old lady , and i did n't want to hurt her feelings , but you know ... '' `` oh of course , of course ... '' `` so i let her , well , you know ... '' i 'm doing the trailing off again because it seems to work really well . 
 he 's nodding , his tongue 's hanging out now , `` tell me '' he says `` well '' i whisper , `` i let her touch me '' `` oh ! 
 and ... '' his eyes have lit up `` and , well , she ... took advantage of me ... '' `` and , yes , tell me more ! '' 
 says cp eagerly , leaning forward , his hands shaking . 
 `` i think we 've heard enough ! '' 
 this is jane . 
 cp sits back suddenly . 
 `` oh , yes , of course , we have . '' 
 he takes a second and composes himself . 
 `` and then , of course , you felt so traumatised that you had to spend the entire night drinking ? '' 
 he pauses and says in a low , sympathetic voice `` i 'm right , are n't i ? '' 
 i nod , sadly . 
 jane shakes her head . 
 cp rubs his hands together slowly . 
 `` well , i think it is very clear what happened here . 
 the poor man has had a very traumatic incident , and clearly this has affected him badly . 
 nonetheless '' he says , nodding vigorously , `` despite what he has had to endure , he made the effort to come to work that morning , and for that he should be commended . 
 a very brave young man . 
 now ... '' and he leans into me , lifting a finger , `` listen to me , young man . 
 you are going to go straight home and take the day off . 
 no ... i wo n't hear a word against it . 
 and you come back tomorrow , so long as you are all right , bright and refreshed . 
 and '' he glances at jane , `` we wo n't say another word about it . '' 
 it 's a wonderful life . 
 ***** i absolutely , definitely , one hundred percent , planned to go to bed when i got home . 
 crash out for a few hours , get myself sorted , have a shower , turn over a new leaf . 
 mineral water and a salad for lunch . 
 you know , i had been thinking , i mean it 's all very well drinking all night and stuff like that , but i have responsibilities , i have things that i need to do . 
 i mean , i ca n't just go drifting on forever . 
 not now that i 'm responsible , i 'm a doctor , you know i have to take these things seriously . 
 first thing i 'll do , i decide , sitting on my brown sofa in my brown living room , is write a list . 
 things that i have to do . 
 that 'll be good . 
 then a shower and then a few hours kip . 
 okay , so maybe i 'm just having one beer , you know , to clear my head , pen in my hand and paper in front of me . 
 that 's it though . 
 apart from a few cigs but that does n't really count . 
 so i start writing clear all van 's crap from my flat . 
 i mean , there is so much of it , i 'm finding make up and stuff in the bathroom and her clothes in my bed . 
 there are these really kind of , well , arty photos on the wall , landscapes and horses and stuff like that . 
 so i 've got to sort it . 
 i did n't write all that last bit down , just kind of thought it , i stopped at flat . 
 i need another beer . 
 all right , so i 'm not so good at lists . 
 but i 'll sort the flat , get some proper pictures and furniture and everything . 
 oh yeah , that was the other thing i wanted to write down . 
 find out who killed me . 
 right , just one more beer and then i make the phone call . 
 martin jelfs . 
 whoever the hell he is . 
 it rings out five , six times before there 's a click and a strange , rumbling sound and then a hissing and some panting and i 'm thinking maybe i dialed the wrong number , maybe this is some sort of sex chat line , so i 'm about to say `` hello sexy '' when a man 's voice says `` yeah ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah , hi '' i mutter `` who the fuck is this ? '' 
 says the voice `` erm ... well , i wanted to talk to you about ... '' `` yeah ? 
 why d’ya want to talk to me ? 
 what about ? '' 
 `` erm ... about , well about , john . 
 john paris . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you still there ? '' 
 `` who the fuck did you say this is ? '' 
 `` erm my name 's mark , mark forth . '' 
 `` why do you want to know about john ? '' 
 `` well , it 's complicated , maybe we could , erm , meet ? '' 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 i give him my address . 
 and he hangs up . 
 i 'm thinking maybe that was n't such a good idea . 
 never mind . 
 i light another cigarette and drag the last beer out of the fridge . 
 just this one , then i 'll have a nap then i 'll be right as rain . 
 right , must n't forget , have to meet jason saturday for the next stage of the plan . 
 do n't know any more than that . 
 i lie back on the sofa and take a deep drag , closing my eyes for a second . 
 i think i 'll leave it with jane before asking her out for a drink again , not sure she was that happy this morning , in fact she did n't even say goodbye , just walked out of that office and headed off . 
 nice guy though , that professor . 
 very understanding . 
 i 'm thinking that ... there 's a noise somewhere and i open my eyes to see the front door of the flat opening . 
 what the hell ? 
 i thought this was my flat , i hope to god it 's not ... it 's not . 
 vanessa stands in the entrance , open door behind her , her hair 's let down by her sides and it even looks quite good , in a fussy way . 
 and oh jesus , she 's crying . 
 this is n't going to be pretty . 
 i 'm not sure why but something about her makes me pull myself up from the sofa , stub my cig out quickly , self-consciously , and sit up . 
 she stands there , not saying anything , just staring at me for ages and then slowly , very slowly , she pushes the door shut , walks over and perches herself on the sofa next to me , only a foot away . 
 i glance down nervously . 
 `` mark '' she says softly . 
 `` erm , hi '' i try but i do n't look at her . 
 `` mark , it 's time you told me the truth i think . '' 
 tears are trickling down her face . 
 her hands are resting on her knees and at least she 's making no attempt to touch me . 
 `` er ... the truth ? '' 
 `` mark ... you 've changed . 
 i can see the signs . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 you 're ... '' and she takes a deep breath , `` you 're seeing someone else are n't you ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` at least do me the courtesy to look at me whilst i 'm talking to you ! '' 
 she shouts and i jerk my head up . 
 `` sorry '' i mutter . 
 `` tell me ... it 's true is n't it ? '' 
 what the hell . 
 i nod slowly . 
 she sighs . 
 `` it 's her is n't it ? '' 
 i could just nod , but it might help to know who . 
 give her a call . 
 you never know . 
 `` her ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do n't insult my intelligence ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` you know exactly who i 'm talking about . 
 that woman at the hospital . 
 it 's jane this and jane that and is n't jane intelligent and ... oh god , to think that i trusted you . '' 
 she starts sobbing , loudly and uncontrollably and i even find myself putting a hand out to her , but she pushes me away angrily . 
 `` it is , is n't it ! '' 
 she shouts , `` admit it . '' 
 well maybe there is a better chance with jane than i thought , i 'm thinking . 
 i nod , and smile . 
 `` god , you 're even smiling about it ! 
 how could you ! '' 
 there 's more crying and she puts her head in her hands . 
 i leave her well alone this time , and eventually she looks up and asks something that i do n't understand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` how long ?! '' 
 she almost screams . 
 `` oh ... erm ... two years '' i say the first thing that comes into my head `` two years ? 
 you have n't even known her that long ! '' 
 `` yeah , no , sorry , i meant , erm , six months '' i say quickly `` you have n't known her that long '' `` yeah , i know , i did n't mean six months , i meant , erm , a week and a half . '' 
 got to have known her that long . 
 she gulps , pauses , looks at me . 
 `` mark , you 're making no sense . 
 i know it 's been going on longer than that . 
 why ca n't you at least be truthful , now , because of this . 
 why ca n't you do that , at least that , for me ? 
 how long has it been ? 
 it 's been three months has n't it ? 
 it started at that stupid party did n't it . 
 i knew we should n't have gone . '' 
 grateful for an answer , i nod . 
 `` and ... '' she looks at me steadily . 
 `` do you love her ? '' 
 i almost laugh . 
 jesus , who started talking about love . 
 of course i do n't love her , for christ 's sake . 
 i nod , slowly , sadly . 
 she looks down . 
 `` then it really is over between us . '' 
 we sit there in silence for a long time . 
 i really want another beer but there 's none left and i do n't want to get hit again by her , not that i 'm a wimp , not at all , but she caught me bad and it does hurt i have to admit . 
 so i 'm not going to just up and leave and go down the offy , not yet . 
 but , i mean , how long 's she going to sit there . 
 `` look love , i 'm really sorry but ... '' i start `` do n't call me love ! '' 
 she shrieks and jumps up , heading to the door . 
 well that was easier than i thought . 
 as she 's about to storm out , she turns and points at me . 
 `` do n't think this is over yet . 
 this is far from over . '' 
 well , hey , two out of three ai n't bad . 
 time to stock up on beer . 
 ***** so this is n't good . 
 really bad in fact . 
 my head is pounding . 
 i ca n't speak , it feels like there 's something over my mouth . 
 my arms hurt , god do they hurt and why on earth ca n't i move them . 
 my eyes feel blurry and i ca n't keep them open . 
 got to concentrate . 
 what the hell is going on here ? 
 got to whoa . 
 was that a dream ? 
 no , i 'm still here . 
 why does my room keep spinning around me ? 
 god , my hands , my arms . 
 i look up . 
 ouch , that hurt my neck . 
 okay , why are my hands tied above my head , why are they tied to the ceiling light ? 
 why 's there tape over my mouth ? 
 this is a bad situation i think . 
 i just ca n't reach the floor and suddenly something , a hand , a rough hand , grabs my face and pulls me round and i 'm looking into a man 's face , into his black eyes and stinking breath and he 's very very close to me and his hand is clamped over my jaw and god does it hurt and i 'm thinking `` now you fucking listen to me '' spit comes out as he talks and it enters my mouth and i feel sick but there 's not a lot i can do and do n't throw up i can feel the bile in my stomach and i can see the anger in his eyes `` this is your only warning . 
 john paris . 
 that is closed . 
 that does n't re-open , you understand me ? '' 
 `` mmmmmm '' i say through the tape , nodding my head vigorously . 
 he 's looking straight at me , straight into me , he 's not saying anything just staring and i 'm thinking jesus , he knows , he knows does n't he , oh no . 
 and slowly , deliberately , still holding my face , he reaches into his pocket with his free hand and takes out a switchblade , opening it up in front of me . 
 i can feel the sweat run down my face , drip onto his hand , i can see into his eyes , i can feel the heat of the blade as it touches my cheek , i can feel the blood before i feel the pain , but i can feel the pain and all that time he 's looking deeply , silently at me as he draws the blade downwards , as i can feel it slice through my t-shirt , ripping it apart . 
 and then he lets go and looks down and he 's cutting me , cutting my chest and i want the pain to stop , i want to be able to hold my hand over my face and stop the blood and all this time he 's still doing something , still cutting and god do i want him to stop i want to moan and cry but i ca n't , ca n't cry that would just make it worse and then he stops . 
 steps back . 
 studies my chest . 
 nods . 
 reaches up . 
 cuts the rope holding me up and i tumble to the floor and i can just seem him walk away and softly close my front door . 
 and then i cry ***** it 's just a sign . 
 no words , i thought he was writing words , but he was n't , it 's just a sign , a pentagram , carved into my chest with a blade . 
 i ca n't take my eyes off it , i ca n't stop staring at it . 
 the lines are straight , even across the curves of my ribs , it does n't stray , and it 's accurate , symmetrical , carved with precision and care , different to the cut on my left cheek which is just that , just a cut . 
 i 'm standing there , naked , in front of the bathroom mirror , looking at myself , my body with just a little bit of fat round the stomach , other than that not too bad , except for that , that symbol , staring back at me as if it had an eye in its centre . 
 it 's taken a long while for the bleeding to stop and the pain to subside and it 's taken a long while to cut myself out of the ropes that bound me and get myself here . 
 and take my clothes off , and look , fearfully , into the mirror . 
 i stand in the shower for such a long time , the water turns red as the residue of blood is cleaned off and i watch the red liquid run down my body and disappear into the plughole until eventually it 's gone and the water 's clear and my head starts to clear , but i still stand there waiting , thinking , what the hell did i do . 
 i mean me , the real me , john paris me , what the hell did i do to make people act this way . 
 and what do i do next , because now i really need to find out , i really , really need to find out what happened to me . 
 and so against my better judgment , as i sit still naked on the sofa i pick up the phone and i dial the number again . 
 i do n't know what i 'm going to say as i hear it ring out , ring out , and then it clicks and i 'm about to speak but it goes to the answering machine . 
 and i listen to the tone , the voice , leave a message , the beeps . 
 and i breathe into the phone , waiting , thinking and then i say `` this is n't over '' and hang up . 
 maybe that was n't such a good idea , but this really is n't over . 
 but i do n't know what to do now . 
 i wake up later , lying in my bed , the night pouring in through the open window , the darkness plays on my body and lights up the pentagram like it 's on fire . 
 i cover it self-consciously with a sheet even though there 's no one else there . 
 the clock by my bed says 9:30 pm . 
 i 'm feeling groggy but the night has started so i drag myself up and into some clothes . 
 i feel like i 've eaten a desert full of sand , and my head 's spinning , i really need a drink . 
 my local 's still open and the bartender nods at me as i come in , well that must be a good sign , at least i 'm still being served here . 
 i get my lager and chaser and go and sit in the corner of the near empty place . 
 the lights are dark and down and there are a few couples sitting in the shades , low and huddled and talking secretly . 
 my first sip feels like heaven and the clouds in my mind start to clear , a little , start to let me loosen up a bit . 
 the pint 's gone all too quickly and before i get another one , i touch my chest through my shirt , feeling the scars , running my fingers over them . 
 i light up . 
 a pentagram , what does that mean ? 
 it 's a magical symbol i think is n't it , i wonder if that 's relevant to anything , or just something to scare me . 
 that guy martin , if it was martin , seemed like a hard bastard and i think maybe i made a mistake telling him it 's not over . 
 what if he comes back and he 's nastier next time , what do i do . 
 i wonder if i should get an alarm system fitted or something , or maybe get a gun for protection or maybe just go after him like some sort of vigilante thing . 
 maybe i should get some decent black clothes and crop my hair and start wearing shades , especially indoors . 
 you ca n't be a vigilante without some style . 
 i look down at myself and the clothes i 'm wearing , not that many choices in mark 's wardrobe , i mean , cream trousers and a kind of checked shirt , i look pretty sad . 
 that 's probably why martin went for me , thought i looked like a wimp . 
 right , that 's it , tomorrow i 'm going to get myself some serious gear and a haircut and everything and then i am taking this to him . 
 he 's going to give me some answers , well at least one , like , why was i killed , and he 's going to pay for the pentagram thing . 
 i am going to carve a star on him but with six points , just to show him . 
 a six pointed star . 
 that will teach him . 
 i wonder if there 's a name for that . 
 but first i 've got an even better idea . 
 i get out my phone and text -- `` jason , can you meet me tonight mate . 
 got a problem , need your help . 
 in the five stars . 
 cheers mark '' . 
 hit send and put my phone down , waiting for a reply . 
 another drink whilst i 'm waiting , i 'm about to get up when the door to the pub opens and a couple walk in . 
 they 're young , they 're holding hands , they 're laughing . 
 the girl glances over and catches my eye , smiling uncertainly and she breaks into a frown . 
 i can see her mouthing `` shit '' and i kind of realize why , because it 's jane . 
 oh great , this is going to be fun , i smile and wave . 
 okay , maybe she has a kind of boyfriend but i 'm always up for a challenge . 
 she guides her boyfriend , if that 's what he is , round , and he looks over and gives a broad smile . 
 too many teeth in that mouth , i think , shiny white teeth that reflect the light and i glance him over , yeah , he 's kind of smart , smart clothes , not what i like really , he 's wearing a casual suit with a t-shirt , and he 's got a bit of stubble , and his hair 's spiked just a little and he 's tall and well built . 
 bet he does n't have a tattoo though . 
 they walk over to me . 
 `` hello mark '' jane 's voice is sour . 
 `` glad you 're resting after your ordeal last night '' and i think she may be being a little sarcastic . 
 `` em , yeah , well i could n't sleep , you know , it was playing so much on my mind , thought i ought to try and relax first , so i well , you know ... '' i trail off and look down . 
 `` you 've met jonathan , my boyfriend '' she says , with the emphasis on boyfriend . 
 probably feeling guilty . 
 `` of course he has ! '' 
 says jonathan in a huge voice and walks over to me and for one very scary second i think he 's going to give me a hug . 
 then he gives me a hug . 
 `` we met at that cocktail party we had back in february , did n't we ... marvellous to see you mark ! 
 i hope you 've been well . '' 
 he reaches into his jacket and makes a big show of getting out an enormous , bulging wallet . 
 `` let me buy us all a drink , what would you like , lager i see , let me get you another one of those . 
 will be great to catch up . '' 
 he slaps me on the back , hard and i ca n't help lurching forward a bit . 
 jane laughs and jonathan 's gone to the bar . 
 she pulls up a chair and sits next to me , glancing over a the bar . 
 `` listen '' she hisses , `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` erm ... yeah , about this morning , sorry ... '' i start . 
 i start fidgeting . 
 `` i 'm not bloody talking about this morning ! '' 
 she 's half whispering , half shouting . 
 `` i 'm talking about getting a phone call , from vanessa ... '' `` oh '' my face reddens `` yes ... from vanessa , this afternoon , shouting , no , screaming at me , about ... '' and she puts her head in her hands , `` about you and me being an item , and how i better back off . 
 what the hell did you say to her ? '' 
 she glances back at the bar , jonathan 's being served . 
 he looks over , gives a huge smile and waves . 
 i hate people like that . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` well , er ... '' i start , `` look , erm , you know what she 's like ... '' `` no , i do n't know what she 's like ! 
 i have no idea what she 's like . 
 i 've met her once and she seemed like a lovely girl , god knows what she 's doing with you , but that 's up to her and now ... '' `` lovely lovely lovely '' booms jonathan as he gets back and puts the drinks down . 
 a pint of lager for me -lrb- no chaser -rrb- and small glasses filled with colourless liquid and ice for both of them , a slice of lemon thrown in . 
 girls ' drinks . 
 he sits down opposite us . 
 `` well is n't this great . 
 jane and i have just been out for a lovely meal , absolutely delightful , and before i escorted her home , i thought it would wonderful to go to the pub '' -lrb- why the hell does he emphasizes the word pub . 
 some people are like that . 
 showing he 's a man of the people i reckon . 
 he knows what a pub is and he 's not afraid to go to one , and he has to make the point by emphasizing the word . 
 things like that really annoy me . 
 when i 'm done with martin maybe i 'll come after him , maybe i 'll carve the word pub out in capital letters on his chest and then he wo n't forget again -rrb- `` for a nightcap . 
 and then we bumped into you ! 
 how wonderful . '' 
 he leans forward . 
 `` how are you , mark ? '' 
 my phone makes a noise and i glance at it . 
 `` on my way . 
 jason '' `` erm , yeah , i 'm fine '' i say . 
 `` do you mind if i smoke ? '' 
 `` i did n't know you smoked '' says jane . 
 `` is n't smoking banned in pubs ? '' 
 asked jonathan , puzzled . 
 i light up and take a gulp of beer . 
 they glance at each other . 
 `` how 's that lovely wife of yours ? '' 
 asks jonathan . 
 the beer goes everywhere . 
 `` they 're not married ! '' 
 jane says quickly and jonathan grins sheepishly . 
 `` ah yes , us males , always afraid to make a commitment . '' 
 he winks at me . 
 like we 're the same . 
 `` how is she , anyway ? '' 
 i glance at jane and she 's smiling nastily . 
 `` erm , yeah , she 's fine too , thanks . '' 
 i wonder how long jason will be . 
 `` well , great , great , wonderful '' smiles jonathan . 
 i really hate this guy . 
 `` and how 's life at the hospital ? 
 jane used to tell me what a great doctor you 'd make . 
 in fact , she used to go on about you quite a lot . 
 i was even getting to be a bit jealous ! '' 
 and he laughs , and i see jane has gone red . 
 what the hell . 
 `` yes , well , let 's not make too much of that ... '' says jane quietly . 
 `` ah , of course , do n't want to let the star pupil know he 's a star . 
 , that would never do ! '' 
 he winks at me again . 
 jane takes a quiet sip of her drink . 
 `` no , that would never do '' she says drily . 
 it goes quiet , even jonathan does n't seem to have something to say for a change , and i glance nervously at the door . 
 nothing happens , even with me concentrating hard . 
 jane talks into the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` well , i 'll just use the bathroom , and then , darling maybe we should think of leaving . '' 
 `` okay '' i say . 
 they both look round . 
 jonathan laughs `` funny man ! '' 
 , and jane scowls , picks up her handbag and walks off into a dark corner . 
 i take a drink , wondering what i 'm going to say to this guy , hoping jason will turn up soon and that they 'll leave and we can start to get on with business . 
 but when i look at jonathan his face has changed somehow , he looks less sure , less certain , his face seems drawn in a little and his eyes have got darker . 
 he leans forward into me and puts a hand on my arm , okay , i was n't expecting that . 
 but being cool , i just take a drag on my cigarette . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asks , quietly . 
 `` erm , yeah , i think so '' i say , uncertain what he means . 
 `` christ , it 's been ages since the party has n't it . 
 i 've really missed you . '' 
 what ? 
 but i do n't say anything . 
 `` why have n't you been in touch ? 
 i know you 've had a hard time at work , but you could have called , could have texted even . 
 you know ... '' he paused , i could see sweat running down his forehead , `` that 's the first time i 've done that ... with a man , of course . '' 
 ah . 
 okay , that makes things a bit complicated . 
 i 'm gay ? 
 not sure what i feel about that . 
 he looks at me pleadingly . 
 `` say something , please , mark '' i fumble with my lighter and look down . 
 `` erm , yeah , sorry , it 's been , well difficult , you know with vanessa and everything ... '' `` christ , do n't i know it . 
 i do n't know what 's going on in my head . 
 i never knew that ... about me . 
 but you know , that time we spent together , it made me feel ... alive . 
 i mean , i love jane but she 's so cold . 
 look , please , can we find some time to talk , a drink maybe ? '' 
 he pauses , looks up . 
 `` shit . 
 she 's coming back . 
 look , i 've got an idea , why do n't i suggest that you and i go for a drink ? 
 you know , a couple of boys out for a beer or two , perfectly normal , nothing wrong with that , is there . 
 yes , great ... '' `` are you ready ? '' 
 jane stands over us , she 's taken her coat and is itching to go . 
 `` oh , hello darling '' jonathan 's happy , booming voice has returned . 
 `` you know , mark and i were just saying that we should meet for a drink , and maybe a curry or something , he and i , you know , catch up on old times ... '' `` you do n't have any old times '' jane says , puzzled , `` you only met at our party . '' 
 `` yes , well , you know what i mean '' he laughs , `` those times are old already of course are n't they ! 
 what do you say , mark , it should be fun , should n't it . '' 
 i nod non-committaly . 
 jane says `` well , i guess , whatever you want to do . 
 now come on , please . '' 
 jonathan glances at me and gives me a sad smile , then gets up and with a broad grin says `` of course darling ! 
 let me walk you home on such a beautiful night ! '' . 
 jane smiles thinly and they disappear through the door . 
 `` fuck 's sake , do n't ask me to come and meet you if you 've got company '' says a voice behind me . 
 `` the less risks we take the better . 
 use your brain , i thought you 'd have kind of got there after the other night . '' 
 jason sits himself heavily beside me and looks unhappy . 
 `` sorry ! 
 i did n't know they 'd be here . 
 they came in and spotted me just after i texted you ... '' `` yeah , okay . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` mine 's a lager '' when i get back from the bar with two pints , he 's got a couple of sheets of paper in his hand . 
 `` listen , i know you want to talk something through , but let me give you this . 
 it 's just a reminder of the stuff that we 're into , you know '' he looks at me meaningfully , `` may help refresh your memory . '' 
 here are the detailed instructions on how to access , support and influence the plot to kill four ways west this document is highly confidential and gives complete information on the access and instructions for the website theplottokillfourwayswest.com the website currently has over 400 members -lrb- although this may have changed at the time of writing -rrb- and its purpose is to allow members to read and update the various plots and schemes that are currently underway , all of which are focused on eradicating members of the band from the planet . 
 more recently we have built an ambitious scheme to eradicate all members simultaneously , this is due to the fact that individual members appear very hard to target . 
 the law now clearly states that groups found hunting individual members of the band four ways west will be treated as terrorists , however due to lack of legislative clarity it does n't appear to apply the same principles to a clear , targeted and calculated plot to remove the entire band at the same time . 
 although this may be difficult in a court of law , we have adjudged that it provides the basis of a legal framework and back up that our lawyers are considering . 
 the instructions here are secret , for obvious reasons . 
 if you view the website without reading them you will not be able to access any specific information , and your url will be logged . 
 you may then be targeted by website members , known as fwwkillers . 
 so please , only read this if you are serious . 
 if you are a member of the law enforcement , please leave the website now . 
 it does not concern or affect you . 
 there were , until six months ago , essentially four different groups all working separately on methods to eradicate the band four ways west , all with the same essential objective of improving the musical purity of our heritage , although there were minor differences in ideology . 
 for instance , the group ffwwttdp was focused on inflicting extreme pain to the various members of the group , without necessarily eradicating them completely . 
 it had been started by a young man who had had to endure more than three years of torture , sharing a bedroom with his younger brother who refused to listen to anything else . 
 apart from the obvious mental challenges , he was profoundly affected by the change in personality of his brother , from a healthy narcissistic teenager obsessed by sex , death and drugs , to a boy who could talk of nothing but sweet dreams , sweet love , babies and marriage , and who walked around all day with a smile on his face . 
 through internet discussion forums , these four groups were brought together by our leader , -lrb- name redacted -rrb- , who is known as the general . 
 he set out a set of broad principles , practices and rules that can be read in detail on our website . 
 the creation of the group order of the holy crusade of the light occurred on 1st january xxxx , through the leadership and vision of the general . 
 bringing together the best of all of the groups and individual members he created a vast , superior order that has capability and foresight to carry out the complex plans that are needed , especially in the increasingly difficult environment that we all now face . 
 he also gave insights and learnings , bringing together some of the best minds to throw a different , disturbing light on the nature of four ways west and the potential of the vast , intense damage that they can create . 
 this action alone doubled our membership as people started to really grasp the threat that could await them or their families . 
 these insights again are available on our website . 
 the call to action , the call to war from the general is upon us now . 
 the plans are in place . 
 the teams are mobilized . 
 the opportunity is with us . 
 if you have been able to access this , you know why we are here . 
 you know why you are here . 
 join us . 
 help us . 
 let us deliver the world from evil . 
 i put the sheet down . 
 `` a little , erm , sensationalist do n't you think ? '' 
 jason laughs . 
 `` yeah well they did get a bit carried away writing the ending . 
 but overall it 's good . 
 you need to check out the website , make sure you read it , make sure you do n't look like you do n't know what you 're doing . 
 you did n't , well , make the best impression on the general last night , and we do n't want any more fuck ups . 
 he does n't have the longest fuse . 
 make sure you put that away '' he says nodding at the paper . 
 `` the instructions for accessing the website are on the back . 
 listen , i should n't have printed it out , it 's against protocol , so for christ 's sake do n't tell anyone or leave it anywhere , but i figured you needed a bit of help seeing as you have been acting so weird . '' 
 `` cheers '' i say and drink . 
 `` and all this stuff is just there on the web ? '' 
 `` well , the very dark web , obviously . '' 
 `` the very dark web ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he smiles . 
 `` it 's like the dark web , only darker . 
 now , get your act together for saturday night . 
 it 's going to be big , it 's the final stage all right , no fuck ups . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` you remember about saturday night , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , of course '' i 'm saying , `` erm ... just remind me ... '' `` oh for christ 's sake . 
 final stage . 
 i 'm not going to talk about it here . 
 i 'll pick you up . 
 outside the jug and jester all right . 
 seven thirty . 
 really , make sure you 're there . '' 
 `` yeah , got it , wearing black right ? '' 
 he puts his head in his hands . 
 `` forget the black . 
 the black does n't matter this time . 
 wear what you like . 
 just do n't be conspicuous . 
 and get me another drink . '' 
 `` you want me to bring a bottle along ? 
 yeah , good idea . 
 we can have a ... . '' 
 `` jesus , mark . 
 no . 
 not saturday . 
 now . 
 i 've finished my lager . 
 get me another one . 
 and a chaser . '' 
 so now we 're sitting here , drinks in hand , and i 've spent the last ten minutes trying to explain why i need jason 's help and he 's still shaking his head . 
 `` so , let me get this straight '' he starts , `` you see this dying guy in hospital and you kind of feel sorry for him . 
 so when he dies and you get all the paperwork you go round to his flat , where you meet his aunt ... '' `` she 's not really my , i mean , his aunt '' i interrupt . 
 `` whatever . 
 you meet this aunt woman and you get chatting and she tells you that she talked to him the day before he died and he was a bit desperate , and she gives you the name of this guy who was a friend of his . 
 right . 
 fine . 
 so even though you know nothing about this guy , john frankfurt ... '' `` john paris '' `` yeah , whatever . 
 even though you do n't know anything about this guy , you phone up his friend who turns out to be a complete psycho , because he comes round , strings you up and threatens you and tells you to leave it or else there will be serious consequences . 
 so you 've been a prick so far , fine , i can get this , but instead of leaving it and taking the fucking hint , you call this guy back and tell him it 's not over . 
 and now you want to find out where he lives , stalk him and tell you what happened to your man paris . 
 is that right ? '' 
 he shakes his head again and throws back his whisky . 
 he 's quite good but i can match him . 
 i light up again . 
 `` erm , yeah , i think that 's pretty much it '' he leans into me . 
 `` and excuse me for asking the totally fucking obvious question , but why ? 
 i mean , why the hell do you care ? 
 what is it you 're not telling me ? '' 
 that might be hard to explain . 
 `` erm , well , i just felt sorry for this guy , you know , he seemed to die , no friends , nothing , and i thought ... '' `` not good enough . 
 there 's no way . 
 i know you better than that . 
 you 're a nice guy but not that nice . '' 
 he looks at me intently . 
 `` it 's got to be about money . 
 you 're holding back on me here are n't you . '' 
 i sigh . 
 after a few pints it 's easy to think quickly . 
 `` okay , you 're right . 
 it 's about money . '' 
 `` i knew it . 
 i know you . 
 i can see right through you . 
 all right , lay it out . '' 
 `` well , just before he died , he was delirious one day when i was watching him alone . 
 he was going on about this stash , and i 'm sure he was saying something about millions . 
 so i go round to his flat , and it was okay , but it did n't look like he was rich . 
 and then patience said that when he phoned her he needed someone to help him with something really valuable . 
 she offered to herself , but i do n't think he can have trusted her because he turned her down , and he asked her if she knew this guy martin 's number ... '' `` i thought you said this guy martin was paris ' friend ? '' 
 shit . 
 yeah good point . 
 `` erm , yeah , he was , but apparently john said he 'd lost his number , they 'd dropped out of touch and did she have it , so she gave it to him and he said he was going to see him . 
 and , well , that 's it . '' 
 pretty good that , i 'm thinking , just made that up , better write it down . 
 jason looks at me , considering this for a minute . 
 `` why did n't she contact him ? '' 
 `` why did n't who contact who ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he was dead . 
 oh , you mean through a medium . 
 yeah , maybe that 's ... '' `` shut up . 
 why did n't patience contact jelfs ? 
 if she thought there was something valuable . '' 
 `` i dunno '' i shrug . 
 `` maybe she was n't interested in money . '' 
 `` no . 
 people are always interested in money . 
 and from what you say , she was really interested in it . 
 why did n't she contact him . '' 
 `` well , maybe she knew him , and knew he was dangerous , and ... '' `` yeah , yeah , maybe you 're right . 
 hang on though , '' he says , `` you do n't know it was him attacked you do you ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , you know , i called him , then he came round . '' 
 `` but you had never seen him before . 
 so it could have been someone else . 
 what did he sound like when you called him ? 
 did he sound aggressive ? '' 
 i think back . 
 `` erm , yeah , he did . '' 
 `` okay , so maybe it was him . 
 but maybe not . 
 you got to think through these things . 
 would you recognize him again ? '' 
 `` you mean after he stuck his face in mine and started to carve me up ? 
 yeah , i think , probably . '' 
 jason laughs . 
 `` yeah , all right , fair point . 
 so ... let 's assume it was him that attacked you . 
 and let 's assume that your mate john paris had a stash , and he got scared , and so he went to see his mate martin and dropped it off with him . 
 but on the way back he gets attacked , probably for the money , and goes into a coma and dies . 
 so then you ring jelfs and start asking questions and he gets scared but figures he 'll just scare you off . 
 probably not a killer , then otherwise you would n't be here . 
 probably figured out you were harmless , may even have talked to patricia ... '' `` patricia ? '' 
 `` yeah , you know that old woman ... '' `` patience . 
 `` i am being patient . 
 i 'm here with you are n't i ? '' 
 `` no , sorry , i mean her name was patience , not patricia . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` whatever . 
 anyway , this old woman may have told him you 're just some harmless doctor , and he figures all you need is a warning , you know , stay away . 
 he probably worked that out to by the way you just handed over your address to him like a complete fucking idiot . 
 but ... '' and he points at me . 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but . 
 he 's going to be scared . 
 cos he knows someone 's come after paris . 
 so someone will want the money and they 'll probably figure out he 's got it and they 'll come after him . 
 so we 've got to get to him first . '' 
 he downs the last of his drink . 
 `` right , i 'm in . '' 
 `` in what ? '' 
 `` mark , i 've known you for a long time and i think you 're getting dumber . 
 i 'm in . 
 let 's do this . 
 let 's find this jelfs guy , straighten him out so he does n't cause any more trouble , and get the cash . 
 fifty fifty split , that 's fair right . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` maybe we ought to start with the old lady . 
 shake her down , find out what she told him . 
 and where he lives . 
 i better do that , because she knows you . 
 or we 'll wear masks or something . 
 i 'll figure it out . 
 deal ? '' 
 he 's holding out his right hand . 
 what the hell . 
 i shake . 
 `` all right , great , well we better start quickly . 
 let me get my head on this . 
 my military training will come in useful . '' 
 `` you were in the military ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he reaches over and knocks my head with his fist . 
 `` sometimes , mark , i wonder if there 's anything in there . 
 you been taking dumb pills recently ? 
 you know i was a soldier . 
 right . 
 listen . 
 i 'm not sure your place is safe anymore , not after that idiotic phone call you made . 
 maybe you better move in with me for a couple of weeks , just until it 's sorted . 
 right ? '' 
 `` erm , yeah , sure . '' 
 i hope his place is as nice as mine . 
 `` will that girl of yours mind ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 oh , van . 
 nah , we 've split up . '' 
 `` oh , really ? 
 when ? 
 you upset ? 
 you 've been with her for a while . '' 
 he does look surprised . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , whatever . 
 she was pissing me off . 
 wo n't your , erm ... ? '' 
 `` my what ? '' 
 `` you know your , erm , girlfriend ? 
 mind ? '' 
 i guess hopefully . 
 `` fuck 's sake . 
 you know i 'm gay . 
 and celibate . 
 and live on my own . 
 right . 
 saturday night . 
 see you then . 
 bring your stuff you can stay at mine afterwards . '' 
 whoops . 
 bad guess . 
 strange , i think , later , that no one mentioned the cut on my cheek . 
 even stranger , when i look in the mirror , that it seems to have disappeared . 
 ah well . 
 perhaps i imagined it . 
 chapter 14 . 
 great . 
 it 's saturday so i do n't have to get up , even better that i can recover from my hangover . 
 just need to ignore the three messages on my answering machine , all from the same person , all last night , all kind of desperate . 
 and let 's face it , i do n't like desperate , who does . 
 you know , when the first one says i love you , and burbles on for ages about how you made a mistake , it 's only going to go one way , the second one is n't any different , only more of the same and by the third one you 're beginning to realize why answering machines should get banned . 
 or get thrown out of the window , which is what happens to mine , landing with a crunch below and a shout of `` oi ! 
 watch out you idiot '' . 
 did n't realize that it had that as one of its answering options or else i could have used it . 
 back to peace , lying on my couch watching the half porn music vids , drinking a breakfast beer , only a small one but it cuts through the headache like nothing else . 
 today , i think , i 'm going to get some new stuff round here . 
 my man mark just seems to have loads of bank accounts , with loads of money in all of them , and i am going to get one of those curved tv 's that are thinner than a piece of paper , to start with , because i can . 
 and now of course the doorbell is ringing . 
 jason said to be , whatever you do , do n't answer the door . 
 put the chain on and do n't let anyone in . 
 we 'll get this sorted , we 'll get the cash , we 'll neutralize the threat . 
 he seems to think that just because he was in the army he can use really cool phrases like neutralize the threat . 
 why could n't he just say kill the fucker , like normal people , no he has to go and show that he is different . 
 still , i ca n't complain too much , he is helping me out , even though i have to go and live with him for a while , not sure how that 's going to go . 
 still , the doorbell wo n't stop ringing , until it does . 
 but then of course there 's a shuffling and a noise outside and there 's suddenly all this rapping on the door and i stick my head under a cushion to ignore it . 
 it 's going right through my head and i 'm thinking well maybe i 'll answer , a few more cuts and it 's over and then at least the noise will stop and i can have a beer , until someone starts speaking . 
 `` mr. forth ? 
 open up please . 
 it 's the police . 
 we really need to talk to you . 
 we know you 're there . '' 
 oh great . 
 there 's my morning gone . 
 right , whatever you do , do n't say anything . 
 i open the door . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 sound casual . 
 there are two people there , both men , both look quite cool with cropped hair and black suits , both with half smiles . 
 `` mr. forth ? '' 
 says the man on the left . 
 `` er , yeah , that 's me . '' 
 `` can we come in please ? 
 we 're from the police . 
 i 'm detective inspector phil maker , this is my colleague , detective inspector justin dredd . '' 
 `` what , dredd as in judge dredd ? '' 
 `` funny guy '' says dredd , looking at maker and ignoring me . 
 i try . 
 `` can i see some id please ? '' 
 i ask , casually . 
 `` what , you got something to worry about ? 
 do n't trust the police ? 
 maybe got something to hide ? '' 
 maker asks , and i just stare . 
 `` only kidding ! '' 
 he laughs and punches me on the shoulder . 
 `` of course we have . 
 show him your id , justin . 
 here 's mine , look . '' 
 they both flash id cards so quickly i ca n't see anything , and walk in past me . 
 `` nice place you have here '' says dredd . 
 `` oh , look , he 's drinking a beer . 
 good thing to do on a saturday morning . 
 wish i could do that . 
 we have to work , do n't we phil . '' 
 `` aaaah '' , says maker , scratching his back . 
 `` i guess one beer would n't hurt . 
 so long as it 's cold . 
 in a frosted glass . 
 i love beer in a frosted glass , do n't you . 
 get us a couple , cheers my friend . 
 always best to be relaxed when you have to talk about business . '' 
 they both sit down on the sofa , throwing my stuff onto the floor and look up at me expectantly . 
 what the hell . 
 i go and fetch them a beer . 
 `` no frosted glass ? '' 
 asks maker , disappointed . 
 `` do n't hound the man '' dredd says sharply , `` he got us a beer , did n't he . 
 not everyone has frosted glasses to hand , he ca n't just make them appear , can he . '' 
 `` well , you have them . 
 whenever ... '' `` yeah , yeah , i know i have them , but i like beer in frosted glasses . 
 look at mark here , look , he 's just got a half drunk bottle . 
 clearly a man who likes to drink his beer out of a bottle and not a frosted glass . 
 we ca n't all be the same . 
 variety , that 's the spice of life . 
 do n't judge him just because he 's got different tastes . '' 
 `` okay , okay '' says maker , putting his hands up in defense . 
 `` sorry i opened my mouth . 
 mind you , the beer 's good . 
 not your common supermarket shit , is it , decent beer , decent brand , 5 % , that 's what i like . 
 cheers . '' 
 `` erm ... '' i start . 
 they both glance up at me . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 says dredd innocently . 
 `` erm ... did you want something ? '' 
 `` sorry ? 
 oh , what you mean , like snacks . 
 no , thanks anyway , need to look after my figure . 
 i 'm running a marathon next week . '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 asks maker , surprised , `` you never told me . '' 
 `` of course i did . 
 you even sponsored me . 
 fifty quid , remember ? '' 
 `` no way ? '' 
 maker makes a show of looking surprised and a little worried . 
 dredd regards him for a couple of moments . 
 `` aaah , you 're taking the michael are n't you . 
 nice one ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 maker laughs as well , then looks at me . 
 `` well , maybe i 'll have a snack . 
 i do n't know , a toasted sandwich or something like that ? 
 cheese and ham . 
 you got one of those sandwich toasters ? 
 if not , just use the grill , do n't worry ... . '' 
 `` eh , eh , eh '' dredd interrupts . 
 `` do n't hassle the man . 
 you ca n't start getting him to make you sandwiches like that . 
 especially toasted ones . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` why do n't you sit down , make yourself comfortable ? '' 
 indicating one of the armchairs with his head . 
 i sigh , and sit down . 
 `` what 's this about , please ? '' 
 i ask . 
 they both look at me , then back at each other and laugh . 
 `` sorry , my friend , we completely forgot to tell you did n't we . 
 how stupid of us . 
 we come to your house , we drink your beer , we eat your sandwiches ... '' `` well , we do n't '' says maker . 
 `` yeah , yeah , all right . 
 the man has a point though . 
 we should really tell him why we 're here . '' 
 `` yes , you 're right , let 's do that . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 they both smile and look at me . 
 `` and ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why do you think we 're here ? '' 
 asks dredd , with a smile . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 i almost shout . 
 `` you want some beer ? '' 
 `` hey , hey , hey , calm down . 
 worried , are you ? 
 something to hide ? 
 something troubling you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 dredd nudges maker . 
 `` i think he might do . 
 got a bit annoyed at that question . 
 always a sign . 
 maybe we should just book him . '' 
 maker laughs . 
 `` give the man a break . 
 he 's probably completely innocent . 
 just hung over or something . 
 or maybe he has a bad temper . '' 
 `` yeah , true , but if he has a bad temper , maybe he could get out of control . 
 maybe he could ... '' `` good point '' maker nods sagely . 
 `` that 's good detective work . 
 always be looking out for signs . '' 
 he looks over at me . 
 `` watch this man '' , he says , `` you could learn a lot . '' 
 `` like ... '' i reply , `` why you are here ? '' 
 they both laugh . 
 maker says `` funny . 
 good sense of humour . 
 i like that . 
 gsoh , that 's what they say , on those lonely heart ads . 
 mind you , you do n't need one of those , cos you 've got a girlfriend ... '' `` had a girlfriend '' corrects dredd . 
 `` good point . 
 had a girlfriend . 
 broke up , yesterday i believe . 
 any reason for that ? '' 
 he asks , curiously . 
 `` erm ... is this something to do with vanessa ? '' 
 i ask carefully . 
 `` eh ! 
 he 's quick '' says dredd . 
 `` you 're spot on in your analysis . 
 this is absolutely something to do with vanessa . 
 though why you would want to break up with her , i do n't know . 
 lovely lady , kind , good curves , great breasts ... '' `` they were '' muses maker . 
 `` yeah . 
 made us a lovely cup of coffee . 
 you know , me , i do n't have a girlfriend , i 'm single , and that 's kind of sad . 
 whereas you , you 've got this lovely girlfriend , young , pretty , smelled nice ... '' `` she did '' says maker . 
 `` and you just go and ditch her . 
 i mean , that does n't really seem fair does it . 
 she seemed really upset . '' 
 `` she did '' nods maker . 
 `` really upset . 
 mind you '' he says , looking back at dredd , `` i think that might also have had something to do with her , well , situation . '' 
 `` yes , of course , her situation . 
 very distressing . '' 
 dredd nods sadly . 
 `` what 's the matter with her ? '' 
 i ask dredd spun round to face me and snarls `` what do you care ? '' 
 `` erm ... '' he looks at maker . 
 `` do n't you just hate people like that . 
 one minute he ditches her , such a lovely lady , not like he could do any better '' -lrb- he glances in my direction -rrb- `` but then , oh no , something 's wrong with her , he pretends suddenly that it 's an issue , that he cares . 
 well , he does n't fool me . '' 
 `` now , now '' says maker , `` i know it 's easy to judge , dredd , but let 's not jump to conclusions . 
 when people stop being together , sometimes they do carry on caring for each other . 
 maybe it was difficult , maybe he had personal issues he had to resolve , maybe he just could n't see another way out . '' 
 `` i do n't know '' sniffs dredd , `` he looks like a bit of a dork to me . 
 sure , he 's got personal issues , i mean look at him , but do n't start to think that gives him the right to ... '' maker puts his hand up . 
 `` really , justin , i think we need to stay professional . 
 we 'll need to establish , of course , the details of their relationship , in due course , but i think for now we do probably need to answer his question . '' 
 he turns to me and looks very serious . 
 `` you see , the thing is , mark , may i call you mark , you see , the thing is that we had a call from miss vanessa clark , a couple of days ago , very early thursday morning . 
 she was very distressed . 
 well , we got her to calm down and of course went straight over . 
 well , i can tell you , it was a mess . 
 there was blood everywhere . 
 at first we thought she must be dead , but then she was screaming and shouting quite a lot so clearly she was n't . 
 now , do n't jump to a conclusion that this was a hysterical female thing , even if you think it , that 's not fair . 
 really , not fair under the circumstances . 
 she was in a lot of distress . 
 justin here was able to calm her down , he 's well versed in zen techniques , you know deep breaths , eating paper bags , stuff like that . 
 never could really understand them myself , never really got round to them , but i must admit they do seem to be effective . 
 just like that , she was sat on her bed , lovely white bed , with beautiful white sheets , egyptian cotton , were n't they ? '' 
 `` beautiful sheets '' says dredd . 
 `` but of course you 'll know that , having slept there loads of times . 
 anyway , beautiful as they were , they were soiled , damaged , covered in blood . 
 i mean , there was lots of it and such a shame . 
 those sheets will never wash out , she 'll have to throw them away and that 's a crying shame . 
 so justin here is sitting next to her , calming her down , stroking her , nothing inappropriate mind , of course , just comforting her , though to be honest i would n't blame him for being tempted ... '' `` i 'll have to admit , i was tempted '' agrees dredd `` ... but of course , he 's a professional , so he just calms her down . 
 and he notices that her hand is clenched around something , and gently , i mean really gently , you have to admire him , he gets her to unclench her hand , and you know what was in her hand ? '' 
 they both look at me , expectantly , but i just shrug . 
 `` he does n't know '' says maker . 
 `` that 's what the man said '' agrees dredd , `` though is he telling the truth ? '' 
 `` what was in her hand ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , it ... '' and he pauses . 
 `` i ca n't really even bring myself to say it , beautiful girl and all that . 
 it was ... well , it was the top half of her left ear . 
 had been cut off , with scissors i think . 
 and sure enough , when justin , ever so gently , lifted her hair , he saw that it was missing . 
 can you believe ... '' and he pauses for effect , `` that someone would do that . '' 
 `` can you believe it '' asks dredd and they both stare at me again . 
 `` well , who did it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` great question ! '' 
 maker slaps his knee . 
 `` what a question . 
 you know , you could be a detective . 
 because that 's exactly the question that i asked myself . 
 justin here , on the other hand , caring soul that he is , called the ambulance , and i mean straight away . 
 to be honest '' and he leans forward , talking low `` just between you and me , that 's what miss clark should really have done in the first place . 
 we appreciate her calling us and everything , it made our life a bit easier , but she should really have called the ambulance . 
 looks like it will be okay though , looks like they 'll be able to rescue it , and sow it back on or whatever clever things they do these days , but she was lucky . 
 and she has justin to thank for that . '' 
 he glances over at justin , who looks down , blushing . 
 `` but your question is exactly right . 
 who did it ? 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , i 've got no idea . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 asks maker . 
 `` really ? '' 
 asks dredd . 
 `` erm , yeah , really . 
 did n't vanessa know ? 
 i mean , did n't she see ? '' 
 maker shakes his head . 
 `` brilliant . 
 really brilliant . 
 if we do n't convict you for something , i am going to march you straight down to the police training academy and sign you up . 
 we could do with instinctive police minds like yours . 
 you see that justin , it 's great . 
 the man has instinct for this , and that 's really rare . '' 
 `` seems like he does '' i shake my head . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` well , see , the thing is , she did n't see whoever did this , because he did it in her sleep . 
 i think it may have given her something , you know , a drug or something , to keep her asleep . 
 of course , i 'm sure you 'd have thought of this too , being an amateur detective , but i 'm checking her blood for traces of drugs . 
 just to be sure , could n't see how he could have done it otherwise . 
 would n't you agree ? '' 
 `` i guess '' maker lifts his hand . 
 `` but , and this is very important , we have two clues . '' 
 `` two of them '' agrees dredd . 
 `` the first , which is important , is that we know the time of the assault was between 11pm wednesday night and 3:34 am on thursday . 
 eleven being the time that miss clark went to bed , and 3:34 being the time that she called us . '' 
 `` where were you at that time ? '' 
 asks dredd . 
 `` now , now justin , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
 let 's tell him the second clue first and see where that ends up . 
 the second clue , and this is really important , is that someone had written a message on the wall of her bedroom . 
 in her blood . 
 can you believe that ? '' 
 `` in her blood ? '' 
 i repeat slowly . 
 `` the man 's a good listener '' says maker . 
 `` again , good for police work . 
 yes , mark , that 's right , in her blood . 
 on the wall . 
 and do you know what the message said ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` well , it said , ask mark . '' 
 `` ask mark what ? '' 
 i say , maybe a little stupidly . 
 `` ah . 
 you see , that 's why you probably need training . 
 you 're getting there , but you 're not quite there . 
 you see , to a trained professional detective like me , that would be obvious . 
 you see , you have to examine what 's happening here . 
 we look at the situation , and what do we see ? '' 
 i realize after a while he 's asking me . 
 `` well , i guess , we see , erm , well , half an ear cut off . '' 
 `` exactly ! 
 and then what do we ask ? '' 
 i scratch my head . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i say tentatively . 
 `` good ! 
 good ! 
 excellent . 
 we ask why . 
 why would anyone cut half an ear off this lovely lady ? '' 
 `` lovely lady '' muses dredd , looking off into the distance . 
 `` and then we look at the wall , and it says ... '' again a pause . 
 `` ask mark ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` right again ! 
 so the answer to the question why ... . 
 is ... ? '' 
 `` ask mark '' i answer , nodding . 
 `` cor-rect . 
 and so , accompanying the lovely miss clark to the hospital , i ask her who the message could be referring to . 
 and , being a brave soul , she explains to myself and justin , exactly what happened , how you ... cheated ... on her ... '' dredd leans into me , menacingly and i push myself back into my armchair . 
 `` ... and how she left you messages , that you never answered ... '' dredd is almost on top of me now , i can smell his breath . 
 `` ... and how she cried herself to sleep watching sad films ... '' dredd has his hand on my shoulder . 
 he 's almost sitting on my lap . 
 i do n't think he 's trying to be friendly . 
 `` ... and then how she woke up , with a searing pain in her left ear , and how she panicked and called us . 
 and the rest we 've told you . 
 so ... i think we could probably agree with some degree of certainty that the mark that we were supposed to ask was , well , was you . '' 
 `` and so here we are '' whispers dredd into my ear . 
 `` you may want to give him a little space , justin '' says maker pleasantly . 
 reluctantly , dredd gets off me and sits back down next to maker . 
 `` oh , looks like i 've finished my beer . 
 it 'd be lovely to have another one . 
 perhaps you thought to put some glasses into the freezer to frost up ? 
 no ? 
 oh well , never mind . 
 another thing you could learn at the police academy . 
 always be thinking ahead . 
 it 's vitally important . 
 what do you think , justin ? 
 we can make a detective of him yet . '' 
 `` a whisky would be nice '' dredd growls at me . 
 `` i 'll , er , see what i can do '' i nod and go to the kitchen . 
 ask mark . 
 fuck 's sake . 
 ask mark . 
 what the hell . 
 it must be a warning . 
 from that bastard jelfs . 
 or could it be anything to do with that band . 
 that 's not my fault , why would they pick on me . 
 no , no , it 's got to be jelfs . 
 shit , i 'll text jason , he 'll know what to do . 
 hands shaking , i pour myself a whisky and drain it and then get my phone out . 
 my fingers are n't moving properly on the keys as i try and text ... . 
 jason ... police are here ... `` checking the football scores ? '' 
 a cheerful voice comes from my right shoulder . 
 i drop the phone and through some amazing piece of luck it lands in my pocket . 
 `` er ... yeah '' i say , `` yeah , just making those drinks . '' 
 quickly i turn and get a couple of beers out of the fridge . 
 i hand one to maker , who 's standing very close . 
 `` thanks '' he nods happily . 
 `` what were they ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the scores . 
 what were the football scores ? '' 
 `` oh ... i , erm , did n't get round to checking . '' 
 i move off to get a glass and pour a large measure of whisky for dredd . 
 `` well , go ahead , do n't stop on my account . 
 i do n't want to come between a man and his football . 
 i know how important it can be . '' 
 `` no , erm , no , do n't worry i 'll do it later . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` if you say so . 
 come on , let 's get back to justin . 
 i know he can be a bit harsh , a bit judgmental , but he 's a good guy you know . 
 he cares about people . 
 that 's his problem . 
 he cares about people and does n't mind people knowing it . 
 that 's why he 's single you know . 
 people just take advantage of him , they take what they want , and they leave him . 
 and he 's left broken hearted every time . 
 ca n't take it anymore . 
 poor guy . 
 makes my blood boil when i see what 's happened to him . 
 you know , life just is n't fair sometimes , it always happens to the decent people does n't it . '' 
 he puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` let 's get this over with , shall we . 
 no hard feelings . 
 then me and justin will get back in our patrol car and go and hassle someone else in the afternoon . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 i can only nod , and we walk back to the living room . 
 `` it 's all right justin , '' nods maker , `` we 'll be all right . 
 he 's a decent guy , mark . 
 he 'll want to do the right thing . '' 
 dredd opens a notepad . 
 `` now '' he says , not looking at me , `` where were you between eleven wednesday and three thirty four thursday morning ? '' 
 `` erm , well , i '' i 'm thinking . 
 `` i was at the pub wednesday night ... '' `` which one ? '' 
 `` erm , the five stars . '' 
 `` oh , nice '' says maker , `` i go there often . '' 
 `` when did you leave ? '' 
 asks dredd . 
 `` erm , about midnight ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` and can anyone verify your presence there ? '' 
 `` erm , yes , i mean no '' shit . 
 i do n't want to give them jason do i. `` so you were there on your own ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i say , uncertainly . 
 `` you drink on your own a lot ? 
 do n't find it a bit uncomfortable ? 
 do n't mind the stigma ? '' 
 dredd asks quietly . 
 `` well , i , er , no , not really ? '' 
 they both look at me . 
 `` well , we can check '' says maker . 
 dredd is writing in his notebook . 
 shit , good point . 
 dredd spends ages staring at me . 
 `` fine . 
 so . 
 you left the pub at eleven thirty ... '' i nod . 
 `` funny , '' he says , `` you said midnight before . '' 
 `` yeah , i meant midnight , sorry . '' 
 i 'm sweating . 
 `` got to be careful there my friend '' smiles maker . 
 `` half an hour can be critical . 
 you know , someone can travel a few miles , murder someone else , chop up the body , put it in a car , drive it out to an incinerator , and dispose of it . 
 all in half an hour . 
 you need to be more precise . '' 
 `` sorry '' i mutter . 
 dredd shoots a look at maker `` and what did you do after that ? '' 
 `` well , i , er , came home and went to bed . '' 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` really ? 
 did n't go to a club . 
 did n't go to pick up a woman , maybe visit a pro , something like that ? '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he 's looking at me like he does n't believe me . 
 `` really , no '' i say again . 
 `` i was tired , had had a few drinks , so i went to bed . '' 
 `` really ? 
 did n't walk over to vanessa 's pad , let yourself in with your spare key , cut off half her ear and then leave again ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` erm , no . 
 i mean , i would n't have written ask mark on the wall in blood would i ? '' 
 `` the man has a point '' says maker . 
 `` that would really give it away , would n't it ? '' 
 dredd thinks . 
 `` possibly . 
 or possibly he was playing a double bluff . 
 after all , you 've pointed out he would make a good detective . 
 maybe he 's thinking , we 'll think that he would n't be so stupid , so he discounts himself . '' 
 `` ah '' nods maker . 
 `` clever . 
 it 's possible . '' 
 he turns to look at me intently . 
 `` did you do that , mark '' he asks , earnestly . 
 i wipe the sweat off my brown . 
 `` no ! 
 i mean , why would i chop off her ear ? '' 
 maker puts his finger up . 
 `` half her ear . 
 you need to be more precise . 
 well , maybe you were warning her off . 
 you heard all the messages from her , and though she needs to realize i 'm serious , it 's over . '' 
 `` but ... '' i say . 
 `` feeling nervous ? '' 
 asks dredd . 
 `` erm , well , yeah i guess . '' 
 `` so you have no alibi from midnight until ... when ? '' 
 `` well , erm , thursday when i went to work . 
 i was in bed sleeping was n't i ? '' 
 `` on your own ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` okay , okay '' says dredd , and he says precisely `` no alibi '' as he writes something on his pad . 
 `` now '' says maker , `` let 's just assume for a minute that you did n't do it '' `` which is pretty unlikely '' says dredd . 
 `` now , justin , likely or not , we need to keep all options open do n't we . 
 now , if it was n't you ... '' `` pretty unlikely '' mutters dredd and maker casts him a sharp look . 
 `` then , who do you think would want to do something like that to her ? '' 
 `` erm ... i have no idea . '' 
 i 'm wiping my brow again . 
 `` well , '' says maker slowly , enunciating every word , `` clearly that 's not true , because if you did n't do it , someone else did , and if someone else did , they wrote the message ask mark , and if they wrote that , then clearly they knew you , and also clearly ... '' `` do n't say clearly all the time , it 's annoying '' says dredd . 
 `` sorry . 
 also , obviously , they knew that you knew them , and they 'd know that you 'd know why they 'd done it , because they were making the point that you knew that they knew that you knew . '' 
 `` exactly '' says dredd . 
 `` so think , mark , who do you know that would want to cut off vanessa 's ear ? '' 
 shit . 
 have to think quickly . 
 not sure i could really tell them about jelfs it may look a bit weird - well , officer , i died but just before i did i seem to have ended up in someone else 's body , a doctor who was looking after me . 
 and so i wanted to find out who killed me and i got hold of this guy who used to be my friend . 
 i do n't really know because i do n't know anything about my old life . 
 but i called him and he came round and warned me off and cut a pentagram on my chest . 
 but because i 'm an idiot i called him again and told him it was n't over . 
 so i reckon that it was him , he left me a message to leave him alone . 
 first it 's the ear next who knows . 
 `` erm , well maybe she did it to herself ? '' 
 dredd starts to get up but maker puts a hand on his arm . 
 i can see the veins on dredd 's head pop and his face goes red but maker gives him a look and he does n't say anything . 
 for now . 
 `` hmmm , interesting theory . 
 you mean as a cry for help ? '' 
 maker acts as if he 's interested . 
 my phone starts to vibrate in my pocket . 
 `` erm , yes , or maybe as revenge ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand '' says maker `` well , to get me into trouble . 
 i mean , blame me for this and get revenge for dump ... , i mean , splitting up with her ... ? '' 
 `` you 're blaming her for this ? '' 
 dredd looks really pissed off , he 's talking really slowly and spit is drooling from his mouth . 
 maker 's hand is firmly on dredd 's arm , holding him down . 
 `` listen to the man '' he says , `` he may come up with good theories . 
 after all they do say hell has no fury like a woman dumped , do n't they . 
 although ... '' he says , turning to me , `` she could have just blamed you could n't she . 
 she could have just said ` it was mark ' , instead of smearing the wall with her own blood and a cryptic message . 
 or maybe , well maybe she could have thought that was too obvious , or what if you had an alibi ? 
 this way she has deniability . 
 that 's a good word , deniability , i like that . 
 is that what you were thinking , mark ? 
 i like it . 
 it 's an interesting theory . '' 
 dredd leans in over to maker , whispering something urgently in his ear . 
 he keeps leaning over and pointing at me . 
 maker is relaxed , smiling , his eyes alight . 
 from time to time he nods . 
 dredd sits back and looks at me angrily . 
 i try to smile , hoping to defuse the situation , but he draws his finger across his throat and then points at me . 
 not a good sign , i guess . 
 maker says `` now justin , calm down please . 
 mark , okay , it 's a theory . 
 but please think , do you think of anyone that could have done this to miss clark , who may have a grudge against either you or her . 
 a jealous ex-boyfriend maybe ? 
 `` `` well , erm , no , i do n't know any of her ex-boyfriends . '' 
 i 'm hoping that 's true . 
 `` except for yourself '' spits dredd . 
 `` okay , okay '' says maker . 
 `` let 's all just calm down . 
 fine , you do n't know any of her ex-boyfriends , so it 's unlikely to be that . 
 how about anything else ? 
 anyone have a grudge against you ? 
 anyone threatening you , for instance ? 
 anyone you 're trying to extort money from , or blackmail , that 's trying to warn you off ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` he looks like an extortionist '' says dredd . 
 my phone starts to vibrate again . 
 `` need to get that ? '' 
 asks maker . 
 `` erm , no '' `` you sure ? '' 
 says dredd . 
 `` may be a new girlfriend ? '' 
 `` or '' says maker , `` may be the person you 're blackmailing . 
 you never know . 
 why do n't you check . '' 
 i 'm sweating so much my head feels like a river now . 
 `` no , no , it 's fine , honestly '' i 'm saying . 
 `` well , okay , but do n't blame us if you miss an important call . '' 
 `` we should take his phone '' says dredd . 
 `` impound it . 
 use it as evidence when we throw him in a rotting cell . '' 
 `` you 're putting me in jail ? '' 
 `` yes '' says dredd . 
 `` no '' says maker . 
 `` well , at least '' he smiles , `` not yet . 
 so ... are you extorting , or blackmailing anyone ? '' 
 `` m ... me ? '' 
 i stammer . 
 `` erm , no ? '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asks playfully . 
 `` erm , yeah '' i gulp , `` pretty sure . '' 
 `` sweating a lot there , mark . 
 sure you do n't have something to hide ? '' 
 `` we should take him down the station and beat the crap out of him '' says dredd . 
 `` hmmm , yeah , maybe we should . 
 it 's a much faster way to get to the truth . '' 
 maker is looking at me intently . 
 `` what do you say , mark ? 
 shall we do that ? 
 have a little fight in the station ? 
 say you , well , let 's say , fell down the stairs resisting arrest ? 
 you would n't go against us , would you ? 
 i mean , we 've sat in your living room , we 've drunk your beer ... '' `` and whisky '' says dredd `` yes , and whisky , we 've all become good friends . 
 you 'd stick by your friends , would n't you ? '' 
 my hair is soaking as i put my hand through it and nod uncertainly . 
 `` good man ! '' 
 he shouts , `` of course he would ! '' 
 and then he bursts out laughing . 
 `` hey , do n't look so worried , we 're only kidding . 
 we do n't do stuff like that anymore ! '' 
 he laughs , and dredd even starts laughing , and nervously i join in . 
 `` come on , justin , we 've wasted enough of this man 's time , let 's go . 
 you 've been really cooperative mark , thank you . '' 
 he gets up and hands me a card , and i ca n't quite believe that they 're leaving . 
 `` if you can think of anything , or anyone , who may have done this , give us a call '' he says cheerfully . 
 `` unless we give you a call first '' snarls dredd . 
 `` be seeing you ! '' 
 says maker . 
 and they both leave . 
 the first thing i do is find the rest of my bottle of whisky and put it to my lips . 
 then i collapse on the sofa exhausted . 
 then my phone starts vibrating again . 
 i drag it out of my pocket and look at the display . 
 unknown number . 
 i hit the green button and say hello . 
 the voice is thin , raspy and low . 
 `` you 've had two warnings . 
 stay away from paris . 
 it 's none of your business . 
 next time it 'll be worse than the ear , and it wo n't be to her . '' 
 the phone clicks dead . 
 oh , for fuck 's sake . 
 chapter 15 . 
 the funeral 's at two . 
 just enough time to get there , say goodbye to my mortal remains , and get to the pub to have a few beers before jason turns up . 
 perfect . 
 i wonder how many people will be there . 
 three . 
 if you exclude the priest , and me , there 's three people there . 
 brilliant . 
 and one of them 's patience . 
 we skip saying anything in the church , because no one 's got anything to say . 
 not even the priest , who stumbles and mumbles his way through a few words , gets my name wrong , or forgets it , and reaches under his stand for a hip flask when he thinks no one is looking . 
 he ushers us outside , and patience grabs my arm , links hers into mine and shuffles with me on the cold stone floor of the church towards the door and out into the graveyard . 
 it 's a cold spring day , black clouds above us casting everything into a black and white glow as we walk to the end of the graveyard , our small procession , following the priest through the twists and tangles of weeds , covering the gravestones , through a small , forgotten path towards the dead , forgotten bits of grass at the end . 
 we seem to have to walk an amazingly long way , through overgrown bushes and in and out of trees , until we get to a small , empty patch of land next to a broken stone wall that separates the churchyard from the countryside beyond . 
 we stand together , there 's no grave , only a small shallow of earth that 's been dug up , and a small box that the priest carries in front of him . 
 a black plastic box with the ashes of john paris inside . 
 the ashes of john paris and the soul , i guess , of mark forth . 
 it starts to rain as the priest stops , standing in front of the hole and looking awkwardly around at us . 
 he nods at me , and casts a dubious look at patience . 
 i guess because she 's wearing a flowery summer dress , with light colours and happy flowers , i 'm guessing , on it , though i 'm not the best judge of flowers . 
 she gives him a huge smile and tugs on my arm . 
 she 's seriously heavy and i can feel my feet dragging down into the muddy grass of the graveyard just from supporting her . 
 i 'm wearing smart black shoes and can feel the mud start to seep into them , into my socks . 
 i glance at the other people there for the first time . 
 a man , in his thirties i guess , long black hair and a greasy face like he was still a teenager , like his clothes ; a long black leather coat over tight black trousers and a black t-shirt . 
 he keeps glancing over nervously at me , at the priest , and at patience , and keeping his distance from the last person there , a woman who just looks so out of place . 
 she 's good looking , not beautiful but she has something compelling about her , something in her face that makes me watch her , and reminds me of something , something on the edge of my mind that i just ca n't seem to get . 
 she 's dressed well , a smart black jacket over a dress and fancy shoes , and she 's looking at the priest as he stands there , uncertain . 
 she looks bored , detached , as if she does n't care , as if she does n't want to be there , and i wonder why she is there , wonder what has brought her here . 
 the rain is coming down harder now , patience is pushing against me , as if she wants to keep warm , shelter herself from the rain . 
 you can even see the priest 's hands shaking , his black robe shivering , as he looks over us , eyes darting from one to the other , hoping that someone is going to say something . 
 the woman does n't care , does n't even seem to notice the eyes on her as she taps , taps , taps , silently on her wristwatch . 
 she glances at it , then glances up , as if she has to be somewhere else , as if the funeral is just a minor inconvenience , like the rain wetting her hair and clothes . 
 eventually the priest seems to realise he 's going to have to do something . 
 he coughs and says in a low , dull voice `` would anyone like to say anything about john paris before we lay him to rest ? '' 
 he glances at the woman , but she eyes him coolly , and does n't say anything . 
 out of her handbag she takes a packet of cigarettes , removes one and places it in one of those cigarette holders that you used to see sophisticated russian women use . 
 she places it to her lips and blows out a perfect smoke ring , before looking away , bored . 
 the priest gulps and turns to look at me . 
 i clear my throat then realise i do n't have anything to say . 
 patience squeezes my arm . 
 `` oh , do n't ask him , father , he did n't know him , he just helped him die '' she says . 
 everyone looks at me , and then patience giggles , `` oh no , i did n't mean that , what i meant was that he was the doctor that looked after him when he died . 
 such a lovely man to come to the funeral and pay his last respects '' she sniffs . 
 the priest looks gravely at me . 
 `` thank you , my friend , for making the effort . 
 as you can see , john did n't have a lot of friends , he was a little lonely and a bit of a loser ... '' -lrb- for god 's sake , not the priest as well -rrb- ... `` so it 's good to see that , even for people like him , there are people who look out for him . '' 
 patience lets go of my arm , smiles and claps , the rest of us all seem to look down at the sodden earth . 
 the priest kneels down and gently places the box into the hole , then , painfully , gets back up , and kicks earth into the hole , just covering it . 
 you can still see the edges of the box poking through . 
 the priest sighs . 
 `` ashes to ashes . 
 dust to dust . 
 may the soul of john paris find peace wherever he is now , a peace he obviously did n't find in this cruel and godforsaken life . '' 
 even i realise these are strange words for a priest , but i do n't know what to say , i do n't have anything to say . 
 the priest takes one last look at the remnants of the hole , and trudges off back where to where we came from . 
 the woman drops her half-finished cigarette into the hole , on top of the box , letting it smoulder in the rain , and is gone . 
 the other man nods at me and steps over , closer . 
 through the rain his face is a little blurred as he speaks . 
 `` do n't have a ciggie i could have do you ? 
 i would have asked the ice queen but ... '' he trails off , not needing to explain . 
 i nod and fish out a packet , and my last three cigarettes disappear as we stand in the rain , smoking . 
 `` do you know who she was ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the man nods sadly . 
 `` well , i do n't know a lot , cos i did n't really know john , but she was kind of like a friend of his ... sort of ... '' `` oh really , dear ? '' 
 asks patience . 
 `` she did n't really seem his type . 
 she was very ... . 
 sophisticated . '' 
 the man wraps his arms around himself to keep warm . 
 `` yeah , well , i think he had kind of a thing for her , you know ... and i dunno . 
 nah , he never really got anywhere with her , course you can see that ca n't you , i dunno , maybe she felt guilty . '' 
 `` she did n't look very guilty , darling '' says patience . 
 `` looked like she was bored out of her mind . 
 stuck up bitch '' and she laughs . 
 `` yeah , well , like i say , i did n't really know john , just a bit that i heard , innit . 
 i was hoping that his brother would be here , you know , mike ? '' 
 he says hopefully , looking at me , but i can just shrug . 
 `` oooh , do n't get me started on mike ... '' says patience . 
 the man glances at her . 
 `` all right then , i wo n't . 
 but he was my mate , way back , i was hoping that he 'd be back for john 's funeral . 
 have n't seen him since he left , you know , years ago . 
 after their mum and dad died . 
 i 'm really surprised he 's not here , to be honest . 
 him and john were dead different , but he always looked out for john . 
 you know , at school , when he was being bullied , and at home , with their dad . 
 you know , do n't like to speak ill of the dead , but their dad was a fucking psycho . '' 
 he sighs , drops his cigarette onto the sodden earth and stamps on it . 
 `` poor fucker , john , probably best off where he is , never had an easy life . 
 anyway , maybe i 'll try some of the pubs , see if i can find mike . 
 maybe he is around to pay his respects . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 and he follows the path back into the undergrowth , and is gone . 
 `` well '' sniffs patience , `` perhaps we should warm ourselves up with a nice hot cup of cocoa in front of a warm fire . 
 i look her up and down . 
 `` sorry , got an appointment this afternoon '' i say , relieved . 
 well , so maybe i did n't have any friends , but at least i can say i 've been to my own funeral . 
 ***** half past seven , jason had said and i 'm in the pub from four , so there 's no way i 'm going to be late . 
 and also a good way to get over my thirst and forget those mad policemen , that sad funeral , and get myself into the mood for whatever 's going to happen tonight . 
 i figure i 'll need my wits about me so i 'm going light on the chasers , and lining my stomach with crisps . 
 i 've even remembered to pack a bag , clothes , music -lrb- although mark 's taste was pretty dodgy -rrb- and all the credit cards i can find . 
 jason 's texted me four times -- remember 7:30 , thinking i 'm unreliable and he 's also reminded me to check out the website that he gave me , but somehow i seem to have lost the sheet of paper . 
 better not tell him . 
 `` hello '' says a voice behind me , i 'm thinking jason must be early but when i turn round i see someone else , a big man and it takes me a second to place him . 
 jesus . 
 it 's what 's his name , jane 's bloke . 
 `` thought i saw you here '' he smiles , `` mind if i sit down ? '' 
 `` erm , no , well , i 'm supposed to be meeting someone ... '' `` oh '' and he looks a bit disappointed `` yeah , he 's coming in a minute , at half seven , and ... '' `` oh ! '' 
 he smiles , `` well that 's in half an hour , we can have a quick chinwag then ca n't we . '' 
 he sits down on the chair next to me and seems to drag it all the way over so we 're almost touching . 
 shit . 
 `` is he a ... friend of yours ? '' 
 he asks tentatively . 
 `` well , yeah ... no ! '' 
 i laugh , `` not like that ! '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 and his eyes light up . 
 `` well , you know , i mean , i 'm not , you know , gay ... . '' 
 i say quickly . 
 `` well , neither am i '' he laughs and puts his hand on my knee . 
 `` but what happened between us ... '' i 'm pushing myself back a bit , `` but yeah , you know , maybe that was , like , a ... mistake ? '' 
 i say quietly . 
 `` it did n't feel like a mistake at the time '' he says brightly . 
 `` look , look , let 's just have a chat . 
 i 'm sick of jane , anyway , i 'm not sure how you can stand her at work , to be honest , with her high and mighty ways and always being right . 
 it was so good when we talked that time , was n't it ? 
 i just felt so relaxed , so free . 
 and we talked for hours , did n't we . '' 
 and now he 's doing some gazing into the distance . 
 `` yeah , er , i guess we did , but you know , we were both drunk and ... '' `` yes , of course we were , but it frees us to be who we really are does n't it ? 
 look , mark , i 'm not saying we should have an affair or do anything silly like that , i just think , let 's have a few drinks sometime and see how things go . 
 you know , if we want to kiss again , then fine , if not , we wo n't . 
 but we should definitely find ... '' his phone starts ringing , we both glance down and it 's saying `` jane calling '' . 
 he makes a face but he still answers it . 
 `` hello darling '' he says in a big , happy voice . 
 `` yes , yes , i 'm just on my way ... yes , i did remember ... yes , i got those too ... oh , yes , sure , yes , of course i can darling ... . 
 no of course i wo n't forget ... no of course i wo n't be late , i 'll just finish here and ... . 
 no , of course i 'm not in the pub , no i 'm just at the till ... yes , it 's quite busy , they 're ... . 
 yes of course ... . 
 love you too , bye . '' 
 `` ah well '' he shrugs , `` looks like i better go . 
 i 'll call you , ok ? 
 let 's meet for a drink after work '' and he reaches forward , squeezing my shoulder then leaves without looking back . 
 `` ah well '' i shrug . 
 `` friend of yours ? '' 
 asks jason who just seems to have appeared next to me . 
 i just sigh and shake my head . 
 `` right , are you ready ? 
 you have n't been drinking have you ? '' 
 `` no '' i smile , and i grab my bag and follow him out to the car park . 
 jason 's car is a sleek red number , a two door coupe which i have to duck into , the doors are so low . 
 i like that . 
 inside it 's all black leather and black instruments , strange dials with strange names that i ignore as i let myself fall backwards into the seat and close my eyes , feeling the vibrations coming through the car as jason starts the engine and we start moving . 
 `` it 's about half an hour 's drive '' he says . 
 `` now , tell me what happened with the police this morning . '' 
 eyes closed , i recount the details as far as i can remember them and try not to fall asleep . 
 jason makes a few muttering noises like `` hmmm '' and `` i see '' but does n't really react other than that . 
 when i finish he says `` yeah , well that all seems fairly obvious . 
 you 've really pissed off this guy jelfs , clearly he wants you to back off , so i 'm thinking there must be a fair bit of cash . 
 you definitely did n't mention me , or him , or anything , to the police ? '' 
 `` no '' i mutter . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 as he punches me . 
 `` wake up ! '' 
 he shouts , and i pull myself up out of my slumber . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 so i look at him and his intense eyes . 
 `` concentrate . 
 you did n't say anything , about any of this ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i did n't . 
 i told them it was probably her , trying to set me up or cry for attention or something sad like that , you know , those kind of things that women do ... '' `` ok . 
 that was a good answer . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` but they wo n't be finished , they 'll be sniffing around you now , they 'll have a bit of a scent and they 'll want to know more . 
 what did you say their names were ? '' 
 `` erm , dredd and maker i think '' `` dredd and maker , dredd and maker . 
 i 've got a couple of contacts in the police from my military days , i 'll see if i can find anything about them . 
 do n't want them making trouble do we . '' 
 couple of contacts in the police , how cool is that . 
 maybe i should get into the military , so i can say things like that . 
 maybe straight after i get my tattoo , still need to do that . 
 i ca n't help noticing that jason has one , ca n't quite make out what it is . 
 `` listen '' he says carefully , `` i know you may not want to do this , but you should probably go and see vanessa . 
 you know , build some bridges , make some connection , you do n't want her sniffing after you too , and pushing the police . 
 especially if you say this dredd dude has a thing for her . '' 
 dude ? 
 i nod non-committaly , i mean thinking what if she gets the wrong idea ? 
 what if she thinks i want to get back together , you can never tell with women , and then i 'm back at square one , having to start again . 
 `` yeah , i 'll think about it . '' 
 we 're driving into deep countryside , leaving the town behind , trees on either side of us making a canopy over us and throwing us into darkness . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` this , my friend , is going to be the final stage . 
 we 're going to the meeting place , top secret , afraid i ca n't share the location with you , only a select few of us know . '' 
 `` but i can see where we 're going ? '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` yeah , well , do n't look , all right . 
 technically i should put a blindfold on you or something , but you know , seeing as it 's you and anyway you almost certainly wo n't be able to remember , so i did n't bother . 
 do n't tell the general , though , for god 's sake . '' 
 `` he 'll be there ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` hmmm . 
 perhaps . 
 he may send one of his lieutenants . 
 he needs to keep far away from the actual action , to protect the movement . '' 
 i feel a sigh of relief . 
 `` of course he does '' i reply . 
 jason glances at me but does n't say anything . 
 `` right '' he says , `` we 'll pick up on your problems later , we 'll get a plan in tomorrow . 
 i do n't think the police changes anything , we just need to be a bit more careful , and we need to move quickly . 
 do n't want vanessa losing anything else , do we ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i answer and then decide to shut up . 
 i close my eyes again and thankfully this time jason leaves me alone , letting me drift off into my peaceful world . 
 and now he 's shaking me , `` come on , mark , we 're here . '' 
 i shake myself awake and climb out of his car . 
 i may not have noticed this before but the doors seem to just disappear when you touch the opening button . 
 we 've come out of a set of dense trees and are on a large gravel square , lit up by the rays from the evening sun . 
 i walk over to the edge and i realise that we 're at the edge of a steep drop , a large ravine and i tiptoe to the very edge and look down , but i ca n't see anything , it 's that deep . 
 there 's a hand on my back and jason 's next to me , looking down . 
 `` good spot for it , do n't you think ? 
 nothing for miles , fenced off land , all owned by the general . 
 no one else even knows this is here , it 's not marked on maps , to all purposes it does n't actually exist . 
 i tell you , mark , we would have got nowhere if it had n't been for the general , he has such influence , so many connections . 
 but it 's also his drive , his presence , his organisational skills , i mean , that man is really a legend . 
 if all was right with the world then he would have been knighted by now , but instead he has to stay in hiding , work undercover , because the laws of the land do not understand what is happening in this country . '' 
 his voice is shaky when he ends and i have to look away , look at the sun , to stop feeling embarrassed . 
 and then we just stand in silence , looking down into nothing . 
 `` so '' i say eventually , `` what happens now ? '' 
 jason snaps out of his reverie and checks his watch . 
 i glance down at it and ca n't see anything , it 's a black watch with a black face and black hands on a black dial and i have no idea how he says `` they should be here in about thirty seconds '' . 
 i wonder sometimes if jason is overdoing the ex-military cool thing , i 'm not sure , maybe we can discuss it later when we are at his place . 
 about 20 seconds later we hear a loud rumbling , and i look over at the forest to see a large , black truck lumber its way through and out into the clearing . 
 it sweeps around in a large loop and slows down , breaking and stopping a few feet away from us . 
 the engine is cut and we wait for a few seconds before the driver 's door is hauled open and a man steps out , and onto the side step . 
 he stretches his arms out and yawns . 
 he has swept back hair , dark glasses , a huge cigar in his mouth and it makes me realise that i have n't had a cigarette for a while , so gratefully i light up . 
 jason frowns at me then raises his hand and says `` frank ! 
 great to see you ! '' 
 frank looks down and salutes . 
 `` my man jason . 
 how are you . 
 glad to see you here . 
 is this here mark ? '' 
 i nod , smile and say `` hi , frank . '' 
 `` got a light ? '' 
 he asks , stepping down and walking up to me . 
 i hand him my lighter , and when he 's finished he tosses it into the ravine . 
 `` thank you for that '' he says , and i just shrug . 
 he turns to jason . 
 `` at my end we are all set . 
 i have two of the cargo here in the truck . 
 the other three are at point b . 
 we have until eight thirty to complete our business , then control will rendezvous with us , check our work and we regroup at headquarters . 
 no celebrating until it 's done , it will need to be verified and all controls completed . '' 
 the truck 's massive , a big engine and a full forty foot trailer behind it , all black , emblazoned with a logo written in red saying `` frank 's transport '' and underneath `` we 'll take anything anywhere . '' 
 i wonder how he managed to get the truck through that forest and the small , windy roads , but i guess that was his problem . 
 `` great , good work '' says jason . 
 `` and do we know how we will complete the activity ? '' 
 `` you leave that to uncle frank , '' says frank , `` i have put together some really clever kit to do it . '' 
 he nods at me . 
 `` can we trust him or do we need to resolve that too ? '' 
 i start to say something but jason puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` yes , of course we can trust him . 
 i 'll look after him , do n't worry . '' 
 oh , i realise they are talking about me . 
 frank comes up to me and pinches my cheek . 
 `` ouch '' i say but he ignores me and studies me , looking me up and down . 
 `` you sure ? 
 seems a bit of a lightweight . 
 and the general told me that he almost lost the cargo . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` listen , i know he 's your friend but we ca n't afford to take any risks , i think we should ... '' `` i like your truck '' i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your truck , it 's cool . 
 do you really run a transport company ? 
 only , i 'm thinking of moving house and ... '' `` no . 
 i do n't '' he says curtly and turns back to jason . 
 `` he seems to have a bit of a screw loose . 
 i 'm really thinking ... '' jason takes frank by the arm and leads him away , and they stand talking and glancing over at me for a few minutes . 
 i wonder what frank meant earlier , i guess cut me out of the operation , which would be a shame because i 'm actually starting to enjoy it . 
 anyway , best leave them to it . 
 i wonder whether jason 's got a cigarette lighter in his car , i 'm about to go over and find out when jason says `` mark ! '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` okay , it 's all sorted '' he smiles . 
 frank comes up to me and slaps me on the shoulder . 
 `` sorry , my friend , ca n't be too careful these days . 
 sorry to hear about your women problems . 
 me i just do n't bother any more , too much hassle . 
 keep myself to myself , smoke cigars , drink whisky , drive my truck ... '' `` yeah '' i nod , `` maybe i should get a truck like that . '' 
 he nods , happily . 
 `` you really should . 
 i have a huge house but i do n't normally stay there , i travel around in my truck and sleep in the back . 
 i 'll show you later , when we have unloaded the cargo . 
 i have a bedroom , a bathroom , a living room with this huge cinema screen and -- get this -- if i park within a mile of a cinema -- i can stream the film from the cinema and watch it in my truck . 
 it 's awesome , some technology i put together myself . '' 
 `` wow . 
 how do you do that ? '' 
 `` well '' starts frank , `` you get a ... . '' 
 `` guys , guys , guys , we 're on a schedule '' jason put his arms up . 
 `` come on , we need get going . '' 
 frank turns to him . 
 `` you 're the man , jason , you keep us on track . '' 
 `` does it have a bar ? '' 
 i ask frank . 
 frank nods . 
 `` a bar , fully stocked , we get a delivery every day , all sorted , all over the web . 
 there are little sensors under each barrel and bottle that detect when it 's about to run out and send the order through . 
 and , because i do it through the vdw , it 's all free . 
 i 'll show you later ... '' `` guys ... '' says jason `` that 's awesome . 
 what else does it have ? '' 
 `` well , '' says frank excitedly , `` it 's got a sauna , a steam room and even a mini gym . 
 and it 's got this system where , when you 're not using them , they get transformed into bedrooms , so i can have a real party in there . 
 and you can crash all the walls down , and move everything out of the way -- automatically , of course , and it becomes a huge dance floor . 
 and i 've got the disco equipment and a remote dj ... '' `` a remote dj ? 
 whoa . 
 how does that work ? '' 
 `` guys ... '' jason shouts , exasperated . 
 `` a remote dj ? 
 you do n't know ? 
 well , you can do a few things , i mean first , i can hook up any live dj and he can hook in remotely and ... '' `` guys ! 
 stop ! '' 
 shouts jason , loudly . 
 we both turn round . 
 `` come on ! 
 we need to get this moving ! 
 we 're wasting time . 
 the rendezvous will be here in ... `` he checks his watch - `` forty five minutes and we have work to do . 
 frank , get to it ! 
 unload the truck . '' 
 frank winks at me . 
 `` sure , sure , jason , do n't worry , you 'll see , i 've got everything ready . 
 i have this amazing machine in my truck ... '' `` enough about the truck , already ! 
 just get it moving . '' 
 frank shrugs , nods and me and says , `` come over , give me a hand . '' 
 we walk together to the back of the truck , and frank touches a space on the back , exposing , magically , a lit glass panel . 
 `` that 's cool '' i nod . 
 `` it is , is n't it '' smiles frank , `` watch this . '' 
 he places his right palm on the panel and you can hear a click . 
 the back door of the truck seems to fold in on itself , disappearing slowly and exposing a grill , like a prison grill , iron bars going from top to bottom in front of a dark , empty room . 
 i peer in to see what looks like two figures huddled in the back . 
 `` you see , '' nods frank , `` this is clever , so we can avoid them running away when you 're not looking . 
 it 's like a little prison cell . 
 and , when i 'm not using this of course , this is what becomes the cinema room . 
 you see that over there ? 
 `` he indicates one of the walls of the truck , `` all of that becomes the screen , and there are sofas and a popcorn dispenser and any drink you want , all automatically served by this robot that i have . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` that is genius . '' 
 `` and look '' he continues , `` it 's voice activated . 
 listen ... . 
 lights please ! '' 
 he shouts , and the cell is illuminated dimly to expose a dirty floor , greasy walls , and the two people at the back , dressed in what looks like sheets , hoods pulled over their heads . 
 `` great is n't it ? '' 
 says frank , `` you know this effect is all manufactured to make it feel more authentic , a bit like a prison should be . 
 it gets cleaned automatically and then recreated when i want it . 
 guys ! '' 
 he says , `` snapping his fingers , and rattling the cage , `` guys , get with it ! '' 
 the figures simultaneously look up and i recognise gary , looking tired , his hair gone , his head shaved . 
 `` hey gary ! '' 
 i smile , `` how 's it going ? '' 
 but he gives me a blank stare . 
 maybe he has a short memory , i guess i should n't judge , people like him must meet so many people that it 's easy to forget them . 
 but then , he did try to kill me , and i think that does give me some sort of right to be remembered by him , so i 'm not sure i 'm happy about his reaction . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 beams frank . 
 `` well , they look tired . 
 do you think they 're all right ? '' 
 frank slaps me on the back . 
 `` you 're the man ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` do i think they 're all right , hey , that 's a good one ! 
 well , let 's see , torture , starvation , sleep deprivation , i guess they 're doing fine ! '' 
 i laugh with him . 
 `` who 's the other guy ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` that 's mark '' says frank , `` he was one of their singers , remember . 
 gary was the clever one , the creative one , wrote most of the songs , mark , he was a singer but the girls thought he was something . 
 not any more now , i guess , look at the fucker '' mark has wounds on his head that are still bleeding , his eyes look dull and lifeless , his mouth drooped in a kind of comic version of an o , and i 'm struggling to see that any girls would have found him attractive . 
 `` hi , mark '' i say , weakly , but he does n't respond . 
 there 's one other thing in the cell , a kind of wooden contraption i do n't really understand , but frank gestures at it and says `` what do you think ? '' 
 jason has come over and joined us and is studying the contraption intently . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what is it ? 
 what is it ? 
 look ! 
 it 's ... '' he pauses . 
 `` tell us , jason , what 's our mission here ? '' 
 `` our mission ? '' 
 `` yeah , what 's our mission ? 
 what do we need to accomplish in the next forty five minutes ? '' 
 `` it 's thirty five now you two jokers have been mucking around '' says jason , curtly . 
 `` yeah , yeah , whatever , what do we need to do in the next thirty five minutes ? '' 
 frank asks , impatiently . 
 `` well . 
 we need to ... dispose of the cargo . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and how ? '' 
 jason pauses . 
 `` any way we want '' he says , carefully . 
 `` yes , any way we want , but in a manner that causes ... ? '' 
 `` maximum pain '' jason nods . 
 `` right . 
 and this little baby here is designed to ... '' `` cause maximum pain ! '' 
 i say , excitedly . 
 `` exactly '' smiles frank . 
 `` the man may not look quick but he can string a few coherent thoughts together . 
 this clever device , that i put together , is designed to cause maximum pain ... and '' he puts his hand up , `` this is clever -- it 's not just physical pain , but emotional pain as well . 
 i 'm talking about fear '' he whispers the last bit . 
 `` hmmm '' says jason , looking unconvinced , `` how does it work , exactly ? '' 
 `` help me unload it and you 'll find out '' smiles frank he touches another hidden control and the cell bars glide out of the way . 
 gary and mark do n't make any attempt to run as we pull the device out , luckily it 's on wheels , but it 's still seriously heavy , as frank guides us , telling us to be careful as we manoeuvre it to the edge of the ravine . 
 frank gets to work on it , moving some bits of wood around , assembling others , and gradually the contraption begins to take shape . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he says , satisfied , after a few minutes . 
 `` now , wait here '' . 
 he disappears back to the truck and returns a few moments later , leading gary towards us . 
 gary 's arms are fastened together with rope and he 's walking slowly , looking down . 
 frank guides him towards us and pushes him down , so he finds himself sitting roughly on the dusty gravel . 
 `` not so much a pop star now , are you ? '' 
 he asks , jokingly , and gary looks up and gives a warped , cracked smile , but does n't answer . 
 `` so '' says frank , `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` it 's a gallows '' says jason , unimpressed . 
 `` well , yes , it 's a gallows , but it 's not just any old gallows , it 's a suspended gallows . 
 that 's what makes it so exciting . '' 
 `` wow '' i say , `` a suspended gallows . '' 
 `` before i get too speechless , tell me what a suspended gallows does '' says jason . 
 frank gives me a look . 
 `` well , it 's very simple . 
 you put gary on this platform here '' , he says , indicating a rough square bit of wood , and it 's levered so that it goes out like this . '' 
 he gives it a push and it swings out , hanging over the ravine . 
 `` got that ? '' 
 he asks , `` then , you get our friend gary here , and put him on the platform and hook the noose over his head . 
 with me so far ? 
 good . 
 then ... you pull this lever here and the platform swings away , strangling our good friend . 
 how about that then ? '' 
 `` so ... '' says jason slowly , `` your suspended gallows is actually ... a gallows ? '' 
 `` well , no . 
 that 's not right . 
 it 's easy body disposal is n't it . 
 plus , if he does n't die straight away , you can cut the rope and he falls to his death . 
 clever , do n't you think '' and he looks at me encouragingly . 
 `` i just do n't get it '' says jason . 
 `` first , strangling is easy . 
 we were supposed to make this really painful were n't we , strangling is over in a few seconds and that does n't sound painful to me . 
 second ... '' `` but ! '' 
 says frank , `` it 's also psychological torture . 
 when we 're about to strangle him , he 's looking down at the ravine and thinking , what if they just let me drop down there , how scary would that be . 
 he does n't know if we 're going to strangle him or let him fall ... '' `` well , except that you 've just told him '' says jason . 
 they both glance at gary , who is sitting quietly , staring up at us , but there 's nothing in his eyes . 
 a true player . 
 `` well , yeah , maybe , but i 'm talking conceptually ... '' says frank . 
 `` conceptually , it 's crap '' says jason . 
 `` we may as well just unexpectedly grab him and throw him down the ravine . 
 that would be much scarier for him . '' 
 `` what , like this ? '' 
 i ask , and i grab gary by the waste , pull him up , and shove him over the edge . 
 he seems to stay there , suspended in the air , for a few seconds , a bit like in a cartoon . 
 he does n't protest much when i grab him , and he 's kind of light , it 's like he does n't really realise what 's happening , but he does start to kick out a bit as he 's going over the edge and , happily , he does start screaming as he goes down . 
 the three of us stand there looking over the edge at his gradually disappearing figure . 
 `` i wonder if there 's water at the bottom '' i say . 
 we hear a crash , then a small puff of dust cloud appears for a few seconds . 
 `` i guess not '' says jason . 
 `` hey , that was kind of cool '' smiles frank . 
 jason studies me . 
 `` it was , actually . '' 
 frank comes up and slaps me on the back , and then says , `` give me a hand with this '' and walks over to his gallows . 
 `` you 're right '' he smiles , `` it was shit . '' 
 he starts to heave it towards the edge , and as we realise what he 's doing , me and jason go over and help him and together we push it over the edge . 
 it gains speed quickly and makes a bigger crash than gary did . 
 `` i wonder if it landed on top of him '' i say , absently . 
 jason smiles , `` did n't that take you ages to make ? '' 
 he asks frank . 
 `` yeah , well , did n't stop it being crap '' frank replies . 
 `` right , let me get mark . 
 we going to do the same to him ? '' 
 he asks , going over to the truck . 
 mark sits on the floor , in much the same way gary did . 
 there ' s a little more life in his eyes , but not that much , and though he 's tied up pretty well and it would n't help anyway , he seems to have no interest in running away . 
 `` hey , you did n't drug them did you ? '' 
 asks jason , who seems to be thinking the same as me . 
 `` nah , man , course i did n't . 
 where would be the fun in that ? 
 just broke their spirits '' he smiles , `` ai n't that right , my friend ? '' 
 , giving mark a friendly kick in the shoulder . 
 mark flinches , glances up at frank and then looks away . 
 `` time to make your confession , my friend '' frank says , `` now do you regret everything that you did ? 
 i could tell you stories ... '' `` leave it , frank '' says jason . 
 `` so , what are we going to do now , the same as before ? '' 
 `` no , man , we want to be more creative . 
 mark ! 
 `` he says , turning to me , `` come on , you were the one with the idea , what else can you think of ? '' 
 maybe i have got a talent for this . 
 `` well , '' i say , thinking quickly , `` we could tie him upside down to a tree , cover him in something tasty , and wait for wild animals to come and eat him ? '' 
 i 'm sure i saw that in a film somewhere . 
 `` hmmm '' says frank . 
 `` nice idea , mark '' says jason , `` but i do n't think you get that many wild animals round here that would actually eat a live human being . '' 
 `` well , we could send frank to a zoo to steal one ? '' 
 `` hmmm '' says frank . 
 `` mark , we have half an hour '' jason says , `` i do n't really think that 's going to happen . '' 
 `` what about rabies ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what about rabies ? '' 
 `` well , we could find a rabid dog , get it to bite him , tie him up and wait till he gets rabies , then let him die . 
 it 's supposed to be a really horrible death and there 's nothing anyone can do about it , there 's no cure . 
 i saw this programme on telly ... '' `` got a rabid dog in the back of your car , have you ? '' 
 asks frank . 
 `` well , no , but ... '' jason shakes his head . 
 `` no , mark . 
 no wild animals , no rabies , nothing like that . 
 we just do n't have the time , we need to do something now and make sure he dies . 
 i really do n't want to fail on this . '' 
 i think carefully for a minute . 
 `` right , '' i say , `` i have got an idea . 
 i saw this film once where this woman , she 'd been raped by this guy and in revenge , she took him into her bathroom , pretended to seduce him , but instead , when he was naked , cut off his dick , and then locked him in there with nothing that he could use to stop the blood , and he bled to death from his dick . 
 how cool is that . '' 
 `` well ... . '' 
 says frank . 
 `` so , '' i continue , `` we could tie him up , cut his dick off and watch him bleed . '' 
 `` but '' says jason , slowly , `` that would mean holding his dick and there is no way i 'm doing that . '' 
 `` good point '' says frank , `` me neither . '' 
 we all look at mark for a minute , who does look a bit relieved . 
 `` so '' asks jason , `` what the hell are we going to do ? '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' i say , `` now this is a good idea . 
 what we do , is we each grab an arm , and pull as hard as we can , and we 'll split him in two , and there you go . '' 
 i should really be a mad , evil genius . 
 `` we each grab an arm ? '' 
 asks frank . 
 `` there are three of us , and he only has two arms '' says jason . 
 `` yeah , details '' i reply . 
 `` you can grab a leg '' `` and then we pull with such force that he splits in two ? '' 
 `` i 'm pretty tough , i think you 'll find that hard '' says mark suddenly and we all turn round and look at him . 
 `` you 're just scared '' i say . 
 `` i think he may have a point though '' says jason , `` i think it may be quite hard to pull someone apart like that . '' 
 he reaches over to mark and yanks his arm . 
 `` ouch '' says mark . 
 `` yep , he seems pretty solid '' says jason . 
 frank replies , `` well , i think we should have a go , after all , what do we have to lose ? '' 
 `` well , not killing him in ... '' jason checks his watch `` the next twenty minutes , and i do n't really want to face up to the general that we have n't been able to do that . '' 
 `` are we going to try this or what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i think we should keep it simple '' replies jason . 
 `` i think we should just cut through his neck with a blunt knife , and let him bleed to death , and then if we run out of time we can just throw him off the cliff . 
 i 've got a knife in my car i think , let me just go and get it . '' 
 `` good idea '' says frank . 
 `` i still think ... '' i start , but jason puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` maybe next time , my friend . 
 maybe you should think in advance and bring a couple of rabid dogs and a lion with you . '' 
 he gives me a big smile and frank laughs . 
 `` right , let me just find this knife . 
 mark , see if you can find a flat stone , we can use it to blunt the knife before we start . '' 
 i scratch my head and look around , all around me is gravel , or grass , so this is really going to be easy . 
 jason starts walking towards his car , but stops suddenly and looks over to the left . 
 me and frank follow his gaze towards the dense forest , and you can see the trees at the front swaying , like there 's a breeze , but the air is still , and very faintly , there 's a noise in the background , a distant rumbling , a little like thunder , but the sky is clear . 
 frank glances at me nervously and jason is rooted to the spot . 
 i glance at mark , who has felt it too , and is struggling to get to his feet , in anticipation of what may be about to happen , but frank pushes him back down on the shoulder and he falls to the ground , and lays there , motionless , breathing lightly and staring up at the sky . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i whisper , and as if in answer to my question , the rumbling takes on form , a deep , loud noise and the trees suddenly split apart and fall , making a makeshift exit from the forest . 
 and there 's a flash of light and like lightning something comes shooting out of the forest , going so fast it 's hard to see , and i put my hands in front of my eyes , frank does the same and jason jumps , as if out of the way , but out of the way of what . 
 `` what the hell '' starts frank , and there 's a vehicle there , parked in between us and jason , christ knows how it avoided hitting him , it looks quite space age , the front looks like the tip of a rocket which tapers into the shape of a van at the back , but streamlined , circular , not square . 
 there are windows at the front but of course they 're tinted , so dark that it 's hard to see anything inside , and the whole machine is painted black , but not a shiny black , a dark , hidden black , so dark that it seems to suck the light in from around it , creating a kind of hazy mirage that it sits in the middle of . 
 and most bizarre of all , it 's not actually sitting on the ground , but it seems to be hovering a foot or so above it , completely still , completely stable and now , completely silent . 
 `` what the hell '' says frank again , slowly , in wonder and we look at each other and wonder whether to approach . 
 jason has come over to stand by us , like he 's scared of it , like there 's strength in numbers and we all stand , looking , next to the mark 's body . 
 frank puts a leg onto mark , i 'm not sure whether to protect our property or to rest his leg , but for a few moments everything remains silent . 
 i can feel the sweat running down my face , and jason actually reaches out and grabs my hand , and i do n't fight it . 
 and then there 's a soft noise and a panel slides sideways from the machine and i 'm expecting little green creatures to run out , but it 's not , it 's two men , both dressed entirely in black , both wearing head visors and some kind of shiny clothes , both carrying weapons slung over their shoulders , and they walk towards us , fast but not running and stop right in front of us . 
 they 're tall and lean and i feel myself shrink back from them . 
 jason lets go of my hand and i can see the tension in his face . 
 they glance down at mark , and the one on the left nods slightly , as if satisfied . 
 `` jason friedman ? '' 
 he asks in a hard voice . 
 i gulp . 
 `` that 's me '' says jason , his voice a little high . 
 both men have their arms on their weapons . 
 the man on the left looks down . 
 `` this is mark lecarr ? '' 
 he asks . 
 jason nods . 
 the man looks around , quickly , sweeping the vista . 
 `` where 's gary starr ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` erm ... well , we , that is , mark ... '' jason gulps , `` erm , well , took the action ... '' `` you mean he 's dead ? '' 
 jason nods , uncertainly . 
 `` shit '' says the man and spits on the ground . 
 `` which one of you is mark forth ? '' 
 i point at frank and the man turns to him . 
 `` hey , hey , hey '' says frank , `` it 's not me , it 's him '' , pushing me forward a bit . 
 i laugh , looking down , `` only joking ! '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` yeah , it 's me . '' 
 `` no time for jokes . 
 we have a serious issue '' says the man . 
 `` now tell me , '' he says , `` tell me exactly what you did to him . '' 
 `` can you tell us who you are first ? '' 
 asks jason , and i add , `` yeah , good point . '' 
 `` shush '' says the man , `` we 'll explain in a minute . 
 right now we have to assess . 
 there 's no time to waste . 
 what exactly happened ? 
 exactly ? '' 
 so i stumble through an explanation of what happened , how i grabbed gary and hurled him over the cliff , and i can feel my t-shirt soaking as i do , as i nervously watch the man 's iron grip on his weapon . 
 when i 've finished , he nods at his companion , who walks over to the cliff and looks down . 
 `` looks deep '' he says , and he takes his weapon off and lays it carefully on the ground , a few inches from my foot . 
 i think what it would be like to grab it . 
 man two turns back and addresses me . 
 `` there 's water at the bottom right ? '' 
 frank , jason and me just stare at him as he turns back to the edge and gracefully dives off . 
 we all walk to the edge of the ravine and look downwards , seeing his figure disappear slowly as it hurtles towards the bottom . 
 `` there 's no water at the bottom '' says jason and man one looks at him and says `` fuck . '' 
 and then he laughs . 
 `` he 's always too fucking quick that guy , that 'll teach him , it will be a hard landing . '' 
 we all look down to see the little puff of dust emerge and faint bang as he lands . 
 the man 's laugh breaks the tension , strangely , and he wipes his brow , relaxing his hand from his weapon . 
 he lifts his headgear and puts it on the ground . 
 his head is shaved and he has a tattoo of a snake , running from front to back , and it reminds me i have n't got my own sorted yet . 
 that is fairly cool but i am not sure i 'd get away with it , given my senior position at the hospital . 
 `` so ... '' starts jason . 
 `` so , '' says the man . 
 `` my name is graham cant . 
 i work for the general . 
 my apologies for intruding like this , but we learned some last minute , vital information that means we ca n't continue on our disposal plans as previously anticipated . 
 myself and hal were dispatched here , and another team were dispatched to the other site , to stop the process . 
 it looks like we 've secured all the other targets safely before disposal , and we have lecarr here safe , so it is really gary starr we need to find . 
 i 'm hoping that hal manages to secure him before it 's too late . '' 
 he reaches down and grab 's mark 's face , kneeling down and looking in his eyes . 
 mark stares back at him and there 's something weird there , i 'm not entirely sure what but it 's like something passes between them . 
 jason seems to notice it too , he looks at graham carefully . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean , what happened ? '' 
 jason repeats , `` you know , what was this last minute , vital information that we found ? '' 
 good question . 
 `` ah '' says graham . 
 `` the information . 
 well , it 's top secret . 
 and vital . '' 
 `` but ... what is it ? '' 
 jason repeats . 
 `` well , it 's top secret -- i ca n't tell you . '' 
 graham shifts uncomfortably . 
 `` but ... i 've got top classified status , i get to know everything '' says jason , looking annoyed . 
 graham glances at me , and frank , and says quickly `` but they have n't . '' 
 `` well ... i authorise you to tell me in front of them . 
 they 've been part of this , they have a right to know . '' 
 jason 's staring hard at graham , but graham does n't say anything . 
 `` you do n't know , do you ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 `` of course i know ! '' 
 shouts graham , defensively . 
 `` well , tell me then . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` right '' says jason decisively , `` i 'm calling the general , and i will ask him to make you tell me . '' 
 he reaches into his back pocket and gets out his phone , unflipping it . 
 it 's a flip phone which i thought was very dated , but it does look quite impressive when he did that and i think maybe i 'll get one , when i get my tattoo sorted out . 
 in fact , maybe i 'll get a tattoo of a flip phone . 
 graham puts his hands up `` okay , okay , sorry . 
 you 're right , i do n't know . 
 but not because they would n't tell me ! 
 it was just such a rush , getting things sorted , we had to get out of there quickly and stop the disposal process . 
 the general told me personally that he definitely wanted to tell me , but it was quite complicated , so he did n't have time . 
 honestly , he trusts me , he ... '' `` yeah , yeah , yeah , all right , whatever you say '' says jason impatiently . 
 `` so you do n't know , you 're not in the loop , fine ... '' `` i am in the loop ! '' 
 protests graham . 
 `` whatever . 
 so what 's the plan now ? '' 
 `` well , we wait for hal to get back , hopefully he has secured gary starr , then we escort them back to base 1 . '' 
 `` hal , the guy who dove into the ravine a few minutes ago ? '' 
 asks graham . 
 `` erm ... yeah , that 's him '' `` and ... you think he 's coming back ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 graham looks at us carefully . 
 `` you think he is n't ? '' 
 `` well , my friend '' says frank , `` it was a hell of a drop down there . 
 and there was no water at the bottom . 
 and it did n't look like he had a jet pack or anything on his back . 
 so , i 'm thinking , well , maybe he did n't survive the fall ? '' 
 there 's an uncomfortable silence as we all stand there , looking at each other . 
 the sun is setting and it casts shadows all around us . 
 `` right , anyway , we 'll give him a bit longer '' says graham . 
 i admire his optimism . 
 `` let 's get lecarr into the transport . '' 
 he hoists him up , and , holding his arm , walks towards his space truck . 
 jason and frank start walking to their vehicles , and i run and catch up with graham . 
 `` can i , erm , ride with you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 his truck is even cooler than starr 's black cars , and i have changed my mind , i want one of these , and maybe even a tattoo of one of these . 
 just then there 's a crash behind us , and we all turn , at once , to look back at the ravine , to see hal there , standing on the edge , holding a battered , bruised body in his arms . 
 `` it 's ok '' says hal , `` i 've secured him . '' 
 `` but ... '' says jason `` how ... '' says frank . 
 graham has a huge smile on his face . 
 `` you 're not the only one with secrets '' he smiles at jason . 
 `` right , come on , let 's get back to base 1 . '' 
 ***** base 1 ends up being the same warehouse we were at the other night , and when we reach it , it 's dark again outside . 
 it turns out i ca n't ride with graham , there was only room for two in the front , and so my only other choice was to be in the cage in the back with gary and mark , and i decided against that . 
 frank could n't come with us , he had what he said was another engagement , and though jason pushed him , he would n't say what it was , so i ended up riding again with jason , which was okay but a bit disappointing . 
 he has at least decided to let me smoke in his car , and we stopped off on the way back for a couple of bottles of whisky -- for later , jason said , to celebrate . 
 but celebrate what , i wonder . 
 `` now '' says jason , as we sit in the car , outside the warehouse , `` no fuck ups this time , all right ? 
 just keep your mouth shut . 
 if the general asks you a question , do n't answer all right , i will cover for you . '' 
 he looks at me intently . 
 `` have you got that ? '' 
 i nod , and gulp . 
 i wonder for a second whether i should tell him that i did n't get round to reading all that internet stuff , and , maybe , that i actually lost the piece of paper with the access details . 
 but i think better of it as we get out of the car . 
 i light up a cigarette as we walk towards the entrance . 
 there 's nothing else around , the space truck is n't here , but i guess they would n't leave that out in the open . 
 we get to the broken , unused door , and jason reaches out and touches something that i ca n't see and we wait . 
 then the door disappears , just seems to fade away , and we 're left looking into blackness . 
 `` come on '' says jason , and we step inside . 
 everything around us is pitch black . 
 jason seems just to disappear into the blackness , lost , i ca n't see him , ca n't even hear him , it 's deathly quiet and very cold . 
 `` jason ? '' 
 i ask , but there 's no reply . 
 i 'm reaching out , touching , looking for something , where is he , where am i , what is it here and suddenly i 'm very tired , so tired and i say `` jason '' again but i do n't have the energy to search for him , i 'll just wait , i 'll just lie down , i 'll just ... `` come on ! '' 
 and there 's light and jason 's there , and he 's grabbed my arm , and we 're there , again , somewhere . 
 we 're in a metal room , stainless steel walls and floor , looking at us , jason 's leading me to the centre and making me sit down , stainless steel chairs at a stainless steel table and we 're sitting on one side , two empty chairs opposite us , waiting to be filled and i 'm looking around and the room is very bare , very cold , nothing on the walls , just a door at the far end and jason 's saying `` be quiet now , calm down , for god 's sake '' , and i realise my hands are shaking , and i try to stop them , put them on the freezing table but they shake more and they 're rattling the table and jason clamps his hands on mine and hisses `` stop ! '' 
 and i look at him and there 's steel in his eyes . 
 and the door opens , suddenly , noisily , and two people walk in , hard , tall , confident , and they march in steel boots cracking on the floor , the noise echoing all the way through the room until they take their seats opposite us . 
 the man on the right is the general , he nods at jason and glances at me and i stop shaking . 
 on his left is a woman , she has long black hair and black eyes behind a striking face and i ca n't help but stare into those eyes . 
 she looks at me but does n't smile . 
 the light in the room has darkened as if she is drawing it into her . 
 and then there 's silence . 
 `` jason '' says the general quietly , confidently . 
 jason nods . 
 `` general '' he whispers . 
 `` you know my head of science , sara marks . '' 
 they exchange a glance and jason can look away , back at the general . 
 `` can i trust him ? '' 
 the general asks , nodding vaguely in my direction . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the general studies me for a second and i can feel the coldness creep through me again . 
 `` i heard he did a good job in the initial disposal of starr . 
 he was n't to know it was compromised . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` ok . 
 look . 
 we have a situation . 
 it came up through intelligence we gathered very late on , through a chain of e-mail and computer records . 
 it 's a very , very strange phenomenon , and i confess that i do not entirely understand it . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` or , for that matter , believe it . 
 however , it does appear to be true . '' 
 `` do you mind if i smoke ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the general grunts , and pulls out a huge cigar , lighting it up . 
 gratefully i start to smoke a cigarette . 
 jason coughs , and the general looks at him and smiles . 
 `` of course . 
 we need to relax . '' 
 the table seems to split open and suddenly there is a bottle of bourbon and four glasses on the table . 
 `` wow '' i say , and jason nudges me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` pour the fucking drinks '' he whispers , fiercely , so i do . 
 `` now '' sighs the general , `` miss mark will explain the situation . '' 
 sara marks takes a deep breath puts her hands on the table . 
 `` as a matter of routine , following the successful apprehension of all the band members , we sent in teams afterwards to take documentation . 
 things like computers , paperwork , and suchlike . 
 anything that could be important , or in any way relevant . 
 we put a team on them as soon as we obtained them , to strip everything down and see if there was anything that we needed to be aware of . 
 things like have they been in touch with the police , are there any further safeguards they have in place , will security teams be alerted if specific criteria are n't met . 
 we know they were aware that there was a security risk for them , and therefore they may been very cautious . '' 
 `` but we did n't find anything like that , did we ? '' 
 says the general . 
 she gives him an annoyed glance . 
 `` well , we found a little of it , but nothing that would concern us . 
 nothing that , for instance may compromise our location . 
 and no real mentions of the police , so we were n't too concerned there either . 
 however ... '' `` however ! '' 
 interrupts the general , `` we did find something very strange , that led us to ... '' `` you want to tell this ? '' 
 she asks , curtly , and he flinches . 
 `` no '' he says , quietly . 
 `` we did , however , find something very strange . 
 it took us a long time to decipher it , it was very well protected , quite impressive actually , but our teams are very good , and we have managed to understand the basics behind it . '' 
 she pauses , and takes a large drink . 
 the whisky is very good . 
 `` a few weeks ago , it seems that gary , as leader of the band , was contacted by a man who calls himself dr z. draman . 
 one of a number of people who contact them , offering support and services , most can be ignored , but we picked up on this one because it was done in a very secure environment , almost impossible to identify . 
 that set my alarm bells ringing and i instructed the team to investigate it fully . '' 
 `` you did well '' smiles the general , but she ignores him . 
 `` the nature of the email suggested that draman had a method of securing the safety of all five members of four ways west , which was guaranteed to work and could not be broken . 
 it was very unusual , and the initial emails did n't explain exactly what it was , but clearly it piqued enough interest from starr to want to pursue it further . 
 `` it seems that they set up a meeting , two weeks ago , in a neutral location . 
 we think it was a small town near paris , we 're not entirely sure and i do n't know if it is relevant . 
 however , the meeting definitely took place , and draman explained the nature of his offer to starr . 
 we do n't think that at this point starr had talked to the other band members , because when he returned he sent a number of mails saying that they needed to meet urgently to discuss something ` seriously fucking important ' . 
 now , this is where it gets harder , because there 's very very little that 's documented after this , so we have had to piece together what we know from a variety of sources and small clues . 
 it looks like starr told everyone not to send mails about this , and it also looks like they met a number of times around that time , which was unusual , because until that point they had been keeping quite separate . 
 however , it looks like robbie billson , the third member of the band , had trouble following instructions , as he sent a couple of mails that we have managed to obtain . 
 they were deleted straight away however , as you may know , it is possible to obtain a twilight copy if you have intelligent enough people on it . 
 `` this has n't given us a lot , but it has given us something to work with . 
 and there was enough evidence here that pointed to a significant concern with our current strategy , which is why i ordered the intervention ... '' the general coughs , and she looks around at him . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you recommended the intervention '' he says . 
 she looks at him quizzically . 
 `` i ordered it '' he adds , but she just rolls her eyes , and , slightly embarrassed , the general takes a drink of whisky . 
 some misses his mouth and i watch with fascination as it rolls slowly down his chin . 
 `` the intervention , '' sara continues , `` was based on three key pieces of evidence that we were able to ascertain . 
 the first two were fairly straightforward and would n't in themselves have caused us to act . '' 
 she glances at the general , but he is staring into his glass . 
 `` firstly , that the entire group travelled , four days ago , to a small town called wesola , just to the east of warsaw ... that 's in poland '' she adds , glancing at me . 
 `` they travelled separately , different flights , different hotels , different taxis or hire cars , everything , but we traced their movements to the metre and they definitely met at a small , local hotel , at which point they rendezvoused with zoltan draman . 
 any questions so far ? '' 
 `` how did you manage to trace them ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 sara marks smiles `` it 's new technology , quite clever . 
 body passporting , we are calling it . 
 i do n't want to spend the time going into too many details , but in essence , each body leaves its own electrical footprint that can be traced for up to five days after the body has moved on . '' 
 `` so ... '' starts jason , scratching his head . 
 `` like i said , i do n't want to go into it right now . 
 basically , we established that this meeting took place with draman . 
 secondly , we have established that a considerable sum of money was transferred from each band member on the day of the meeting , into what appears to be draman 's account . 
 it 's proved very difficult to establish exactly which account was used , because very advanced deconstruction methods were used , however it is clear that the money left , and all went to the same place . 
 naturally , this gives us enough hard evidence that an arrangement was made , and that it was paid for . 
 each of the band members returned the following evening . 
 now for the third piece of evidence ... '' the general puts his hand over sara 's wrist , and you can see her flinch visibly , but he 's acting as if he does n't notice . 
 he clears his throat , `` i think we all need a drink before this third piece of evidence . '' 
 he glances at me , and hey , i 'm good at pouring drinks at least . 
 `` now , `` he continues , leaning forward and resting his head on his hands , he looks closely at jason , `` i want you to keep a very open mind for this last piece of evidence . 
 it does sound fantastical , and we 'd normally ignore it , would n't we , sara '' -lrb- he does n't wait for an answer -rrb- `` but ... '' and he puts his hand up as if we 're already protesting , `` there is precedent , although not proven . 
 on that you will have to trust us , jason . '' 
 i nod , but he does n't seem to realize . 
 `` go on sara '' he smiles . 
 she looks like she wants to slap him , but manages not to . 
 probably a good thing . 
 `` yes , there is precedent . 
 although we 've seen it before , we have never got this close to actually isolating it , and most importantly , its source . 
 it seems ... '' she swallows and takes a long , slow drink of whisky , `` it seems that all members of the band entered into a pact that would ... prolong their lives indefinitely . '' 
 jason looks puzzled . 
 `` you mean , what exactly ? '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i mean , effectively , make them immortal . 
 not quite . 
 actually , make their spirits immortal . 
 or , if you like , their souls '' she finishes , whispering the word souls . 
 `` i thought souls were already immortal ? '' 
 i ask , puzzled too , now . 
 `` hmph '' says the general , `` good point . '' 
 i smile and he looks quizzically at sara . 
 she puts her hands in front of her , as if holding something . 
 `` i 'm not talking about the soul that is enshrined in religion or spirituality , i 'm talking about the essence of a person , whatever you choose to call it . 
 the personality , the experiences , the memory , the thoughts , that captures who you are . 
 understand ? '' 
 she stares at me , and her eyes are piercing , and i can only nod . 
 `` let me call it the essence , then . 
 that essence can be protected , transferred from one body to another , in quite a special way . '' 
 `` you mean ... '' asks jason `` i mean '' she says slowly , `` that if the person is killed , or dies in whatever way , then the essence can be transferred to someone else , thus enabling the person to effectively live on . '' 
 she and jason regard each other . 
 `` and you think ... '' he starts . 
 `` and we think that there is a procedure that has been developed to enable this to happen . 
 provided very specific protocols are used . 
 and we believe that zoltan draman developed it , and that he applied it to the five members of four ways west . '' 
 `` for a considerable sum of money '' adds the general . 
 `` for a considerable sum of money '' nods sara . 
 `` so you 're seriously saying that this draman guy has made our guys ... immortal ? '' 
 jason looks bewildered . 
 `` in a manner of speaking '' says sara . 
 `` for a considerable sum of money '' says the general . 
 `` and you ... actually ... believe this ? '' 
 sara and the general glance at each other . 
 `` like we said , there is a precedent '' says the general quietly . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 asks jason , bemused . 
 sara coughs . 
 `` we , er , ca n't go into that right now . '' 
 jason looks at her , looks back at the general and back at her , shaking his head , he seems to be deciding whether to push more or not . 
 then he sighs . 
 `` okay . 
 let 's say you 're right . 
 you 're saying this draman guy has developed this ? 
 he 's like , what a scientist or something ? '' 
 `` in a manner of speaking '' sara replies vaguely . 
 `` he is or he is n't ? '' 
 she looks uncomfortable . 
 `` let 's just say , he operates at the edge of science . '' 
 she looks down . 
 jason waves his hands in the air and shakes his head . 
 `` the edge of science ? 
 what 's at the edge of science ? '' 
 `` magic '' says the general . 
 ***** `` you have got to be shitting me . '' 
 that 's all jason has been saying for half an hour , and it 's getting kind of dull . 
 and . 
 i 've run out of cigarettes , and really , in the middle of the night , in the middle of a secret room in the middle of a secret hideout in the middle of a secret field there is n't really anywhere to buy extra cigarettes . 
 i 've tried making subtle comments to the general about how good his cigars look , but he now keeps looking at me as if i 'm crazy or gay , so eventually i give up . 
 i may light my t-shirt and see if i can smoke that in a minute . 
 and all jason can say is `` you have got to be shitting me . '' 
 `` now '' smiles sara , `` you understand what i mean by the edge of science . '' 
 jason nods , dumbfounded . 
 they have just come back in to the metal meeting room from a small , concealed door in the side wall , a door that i was n't invited to go through , but when they come out , jason 's eyes are white and wide and his face is white and pale . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 i whisper to jason , but he 's acting as if i was n't there , they all are , as they take their places back at the table , and all look at each other , like all have a secret that i do n't share . 
 which i guess they do . 
 `` now '' says the general , `` as you understand , we have enough reason to believe that this is credible . '' 
 jason nods silently . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 i 'm whispering , urgently . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 i keep glancing at the small , impenetrable door that led to who knows where , who knows what magic . 
 it 's shut , sealed , almost as if it did n't exist , but i look at it as if whatever is behind it may seep out , reveal its secrets that i was n't allowed to share . 
 `` shush ! '' 
 whispers jason impatiently . 
 sara looks annoyed . 
 the general looks like he does n't care . 
 `` please '' i whisper . 
 `` i need to know . '' 
 `` believe me '' says sara , `` you do n't . '' 
 i feel cold . 
 `` and , '' the general says , `` therefore , to complete our mission , we need , clearly , to isolate this phenomenon , and neutralize it . 
 `` yes '' says jason , `` but how ? '' 
 `` we need draman '' says sara . 
 `` we need him to explain it to us '' says the general . 
 `` then we need a reversal procedure '' says sara . 
 `` which we can apply to starr and everyone else '' says the general . 
 `` until we have him , we need to be very careful with them '' says sara . 
 `` we do n't know how it works , and we ca n't afford for their essences to transfer to someone else '' says the general . 
 `` so it 's imperative that we keep them alive '' says sara . 
 `` and keep them isolated '' says the general . 
 `` which is why they are in the isolation zone '' says sara . 
 `` and that they will stay there until we have decided what to do '' says the general . 
 `` we 've sent an elite team to apprehend draman '' says sara . 
 `` we know very little about him , but with our new technology , we 've been able to approximate his location '' says the general . 
 `` and compile some facts about him , including a picture '' says sara . 
 `` which is all detailed in this file '' says the general , magically producing a file , and pushing across the metal table towards us . 
 jason takes the file and turns it round to face us . 
 it has a brown cover and is completely blank , except for the words `` zoltan draman '' written in bold black letters in the middle . 
 i can see jason 's hands tremble as he opens it , to reveal a single sheet of paper . 
 there is some writing on the paper , a few words there , but i ca n't concentrate on them because i 'm staring at the picture . 
 because it 's a picture of my brother , mike . 
 chapter 16 . 
 fat chef 's coffee has got worse , i 'm sure . 
 there 's also a big red sign in the café , that says `` no smoking -- all cigarettes confiscated '' so maybe that 's the reason why . 
 jane 's not here yet , and for once i am on time , nine in the morning , waiting in the café , in my medical uniform , looking smart and feeling ok even though i did n't have time to go to bed last night . 
 fat chef 's coffee has got worse , i think , and my head is spinning . 
 it ca n't be coincidence really can it , that my brother mike seems to be zoltan draman , and that i seem to have gone through the same sort of -- transition ? 
 -- that they were talking about last night . 
 here i am , in a new body , most of my memories gone but apart from that i am pretty much ok -- sat in a hospital , pretending to be a doctor , drinking bad coffee , back from the brink of death . 
 and my brother mike , the bad one , the evil one , did he do this to me ? 
 it 's funny i had n't even realised i had a brother until what 's her name told me , but as soon as i saw that photo , i recognised him , i knew it was him . 
 i need more coffee to help me concentrate . 
 fat chef has poured some into a jug and is bringing it over . 
 he stands over me , looking over my shoulder , breathing through heavy , stilted , wheezing breaths , before putting the jug down . 
 he 's standing so close to me i can smell him , his scent mixed in with the sweetness of the coffee , it 's making my head spin but he wo n't move , he 's just standing there holding the jug in his hand . 
 `` thanks '' i try , smiling and i reach over for the jug , but it 's metal and it burns my hand when i touch it and i flinch and he smiles . 
 `` s’hot '' he wheezes . 
 `` thanks '' i smile again . 
 `` y ' want sugar ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i put lots in but y ' want more ? '' 
 `` just the coffee '' `` y ' got a smoke ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no smoking '' i shrug , nodding at the sign . 
 `` s’no one here , we can smoke . '' 
 grateful for some excuse i pull out my pack and offer him one , but instead of taking it he leans forward , pouting his lips , his fat belly touching me , his smell getting close to me and i really want to throw up . 
 i close my eyes and open them again , but he 's still there , so tentatively i place a cigarette between his lips and light it . 
 he rewards me by giving me a smile and putting the jug down . 
 `` y 's e my friend '' he smiles and waddles slowly back to the counter . 
 relieved , i light up . 
 my head may be all over the place , but cigarettes and coffee keep me alive . 
 i reach into my jeans pocket and pull out a folded piece of paper , a copy of the single sheet about zoltan draman . 
 i unfold it carefully , smoothing the creases , and try to take it in again . 
 underneath the picture are just a few words . 
 name : zoltan draman date of birth : unknown age : unknown nationality : english -lrb- to be verified -rrb- national identity number : unknown address : marszalkowska 49b , warsaw , poland -lrb- to be verified -rrb- records : arrest warrants issued but revoked . 
 reasons unknown . 
 profession : unknown family : parents -- unknown . 
 siblings -- unknown . 
 former girlfriend , deceased -lrb- xxxx -rrb- previous associations : appears to have been a member of an organisation known as the village . 
 little information exists to verify this or substantiate nature of the organisation . 
 it does however appear to still be active . 
 no current information on membership , no leads . 
 they know he 's english , they know zoltan draman is n't his real name , they do n't know who he really is . 
 i 'm tapping my cigarette nervously , thinking what if they do get him , what if they do found out who he really is , jason will make the connection with john paris , and then all hell will break loose . 
 we 're on for tomorrow , jason said . 
 book the afternoon off work , he said . 
 we need to carry on with our plans . 
 all well and good bringing down the forces of evil , but we need to get hold of some serious cash because that 's what makes life fun . 
 i do n't care about money , he said , i 'm not materialistic . 
 but a man has to be a realist and understand , and accept , that life is a hell of a lot easier when you have a lot of cash . 
 so i can stop being a mercenary all the time , he said , so i can choose when to get involved , because i want to , he said . 
 so you can give up your sad and empty career , and do something real , he said . 
 so tomorrow afternoon , we 're going to pay a visit to auntie patience , and find out all we can about martin jelfs . 
 then we 're going to pay a visit to martin jelfs , and put him right on a few things . 
 and relieve him of his money . 
 somewhere , somehow , i am slightly worried about this , that this money does n't actually exist , and that that may be a bit of a problem when jason finds out . 
 but what choice did i have , i had to tell him something . 
 and hopefully jelfs wo n't crack , or at least jason will just think he wo n't crack . 
 come to think of it , maybe it will help , maybe it 'll get me some idea about why i died . 
 or did n't die . 
 and whether it has anything to do with mike . 
 and , jesus , whether i 'm immortal . 
 `` for god 's sake , put the cigarette out . '' 
 jane 's dulcet tones interrupt my thinking and i wonder , quickly , what i see in her . 
 she sits opposite me , looking at me across the dirty plastic table , only the two of us there in the large , dirty , canteen , except for fat chef . 
 she reaches across and actually takes the cigarette out of my mouth and stubs into the makeshift paper ashtray in front of me . 
 `` we 're in a hospital . 
 show some respect . '' 
 `` you want a coffee ? '' 
 i ask , but she looks disgusted . 
 `` have you tasted the coffee in here ? '' 
 she asks , then glances at my cup and mutters `` typical . '' 
 `` right '' she says curtly . 
 i really wonder if i am immortal . 
 what does that mean , am i going to get old , i mean older , and older in this body and just never die . 
 or maybe i 'll be like a vampire and just stop ageing , that would be cool , but if i had known i should have chosen a better body . 
 i mean , you know an athlete 's , or a model 's , someone in their mid-twenties , not this sad middle aged ... `` mark ? 
 are you listening to me ? '' 
 i glance up . 
 `` yeah , yeah , of course . '' 
 how old am i actually , mid-thirties ? 
 why did n't i choose better , well i did n't really have any choice but i mean . 
 i wonder if i could swap bodies again , maybe i could . 
 if mike is seriously zoltan draman , i mean seriously , he was always clever , but i mean . 
 but if he is ... `` mark ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 what ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` mark , listen , for god 's sake ! '' 
 `` whoa , there , girl , no need to shout . '' 
 maybe i said the wrong thing , because she looks like she 's about to slap me . 
 `` do not call me girl '' she says , slowly , enunciating each word carefully . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 i swallow , and nod my head . 
 `` yes , sorry jane '' i feel like a naughty schoolboy being told off . 
 `` now listen . 
 please . 
 first of all , your girlfriend appears to be in the hospital . 
 she was admitted on thursday morning . 
 i 'm assuming you were aware of this ? 
 mark ? '' 
 guiltily , i shake my head . 
 she stares at me and puts her head in her hands . 
 `` you did n't know your own girlfriend was in hospital ? 
 what is happening to you , mark ? 
 you used to be so together , such ... oh , never mind , whatever it is , sort it out . 
 you better go and see her . '' 
 i smile weakly . 
 `` well , we , erm , split up , like i told you , and , you know , well , it may be a bit difficult ... '' `` you did n't tell me you 'd split up with her ... ? '' 
 `` erm , well , i kind of did , i think '' she rubs her eyes and looks back at me , her eyes have gone red and she looks tired . 
 `` you look tired '' i smile . 
 jane shakes her head . 
 `` whatever . 
 i do n't care if you split up with her or not , just do n't involve me in it . 
 understand ? 
 and go to see her . 
 i 'm not asking , i 'm telling you . 
 i do n't want someone in one of my wards talking about how i stole her boyfriend , especially as it 's not true . 
 i mean , what would people think ? 
 look at you . 
 they 'd wonder what i was thinking . 
 and that 's even before all the issues it raises , the conflict of interest , i mean , going out with someone who works for you . 
 so sort it . 
 understood ? '' 
 i glance down , not able to look in her eyes , and nod . 
 she can be quite a scary lady . 
 `` you do that this morning . 
 she 's on ward c , room 12 . 
 then you meet me at ward b station at eleven . 
 that gives you an hour . 
 then i 've got some work for you to do . 
 understood ? '' 
 without waiting for an answer , she starts to get up , giving me a final look before turning on her beautiful legs and ... `` oh , jane ! '' 
 i shout . 
 she stops , but does n't bother to turn round . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she hisses . 
 `` is it ok if i have the afternoon off tomorrow ? '' 
 i say , brightly . 
 she shakes her head , but says `` whatever '' and walks through the double doors into the hospital beyond . 
 i sigh , drain the rest of my coffee and get up . 
 fat chef shouts `` see you , my friend ! '' 
 as i start the uneasy walk to ward c , room 12 and what awaits me there . 
 ***** ward c . 
 there 's no one around as i push open the double doors and walk into the place . 
 i 'm not sure who designed this hospital , in fact i wonder if you can get a job as a hospital designer , that must be a kind of strange place to end up , but anyway . 
 whoever did decided to paint the walls of each ward a different colour , maybe to make up for the fact that they did n't have proper ward names , just numbers like a , b and , well , c . 
 the walls of ward c are a deep red , blood red , and it gives the corridor a dark , claustrophobic feel as i make my way down the corridor , passing the different room numbers left and right , until , there it is , room 12 , on my left . 
 the door is closed , there 's no window , i ca n't see inside . 
 maybe i should just turn back and tell jane that i 've done it , but then , if i want to stand any chance with her , i need to show her i 'm a real man and get this sorted properly . 
 i glance around to see if anyone 's there , and have a quick smoke to calm my nerves , i even drop the stub into my pocket to avoid littering the ward . 
 then quickly , before i can change my mind , i knock tentatively and turn the handle . 
 room 12 . 
 has a huge window on the far side , making it airy and bright . 
 pot plants are scattered around and there 's even some trendy furniture . 
 there 's a bed on one side , but it 's empty , because vanessa is sitting in a leather armchair , by a coffee table , in the middle of this huge room . 
 she 's talking and laughing with a man , sitting in an identical armchair opposite , and my heart sinks when i recognise it 's detective justin dredd . 
 they both glance up as i enter , and their expressions change . 
 vanessa 's face falls visibly , the laughter almost instantly turning to sadness , and dredd gets a nasty smile , his eyes tight . 
 they both sit , turned to me , waiting for me to say something . 
 vanessa 's wearing a flowing white robe , and the sunlight catches her hair and she actually looks really attractive , but it 's in a kind of predictable , boring way . 
 the bandage wrapped around her ear kind of suits her , too . 
 `` hello '' i try . 
 `` well , look what the cat dragged in '' snarls dredd . 
 `` how are you , mr forth ? '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 asks vanessa , and for a dreadful moment i think she 's going to burst into tears , but she manages to compose yourself . 
 `` well , i , erm , just wanted to see how you were ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` can i sit down ? '' 
 `` no '' they both say , in unison . 
 i nod . 
 `` can i smoke ? '' 
 i ask , hopefully . 
 `` for christ 's sake '' mutters dredd . 
 `` oh , come on , mark '' sighs vanessa . 
 `` sorry '' i put my hands out . 
 `` look , er , vanessa , can i speak to you in private for a moment , please ? '' 
 i ask , looking down at the carpeted floor . 
 it 's really very plush in here . 
 `` no '' says dredd . 
 vanessa glances at him . 
 `` oh , all right '' he sighs and heaves himself out of his chair , making a show of being unhappy . 
 he walks towards the door and brushes past me , strongly , making me stumble . 
 `` that 's police brutality '' i say . 
 `` report me '' he whispers , then `` but i want a word with you afterwards . 
 seems like some of your alibi did n't check out '' . 
 he slams the door as he leaves . 
 i walk over to vanessa and stand as close to her as i dare . 
 we both look away . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about the other day . 
 the thing is , i , er , well , you know , i lied to you . 
 i 'm not seeing jane . '' 
 i mumble , and her eyes brighten and she looks up . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` well , no , it was just , you know , it was , well , an excuse ... '' `` an excuse ? '' 
 she 's staring intently at me , `` what for , mark ? '' 
 `` well , the thing is , you know , the thing is , we have n't really been getting on for a while , and , well it seemed like an easy way ... '' `` an easy way ? '' 
 `` yes , you know , the thing is , really , i should have been honest with you . 
 i should have told you , you know , we should have confronted it , but it 's true , neither of us were happy ... '' `` i was happy ! '' 
 she shouts , her eyes dancing . 
 `` i was happy ! 
 and so were you ! 
 i do n't know what happened , mark , i do n't know what happened to you , it just seems like a week ago , two weeks ago , you just ... changed ? 
 what happened ? 
 what happened to you , mark ? '' 
 yeah , well that one would be kind of hard to explain , and so i just look at her . 
 `` did you ... make a mistake ? '' 
 she asks , tentatively . 
 `` a mistake ? '' 
 she nods , sadly . 
 `` yes , a mistake . 
 you know what i mean . '' 
 i wish i did . 
 `` you know , did you , did you , kiss someone else ? 
 go to bed with someone else ? 
 make a mistake ? '' 
 she 's almost whispering now . 
 `` well ... '' think quickly , john , `` well , yeah , i did . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` who was she ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` does it really matter ? '' 
 i 'm doing well i think , crack out as many clichés as i can and hopefully that will be an end to it . 
 `` i think it does . 
 it 's important . 
 it 's important to me . '' 
 mind you , she 's doing pretty well herself . 
 i start wondering whether we could get a game going , some sort of sweepstake around the ward , bet on the best or the most clichés . 
 but probably too hard to organise and , come to think of it , vanessa may not agree , she seems to be taking this quite seriously . 
 when i do n't answer , she says `` you have n't even asked me . '' 
 `` i have n't ? '' 
 she sniffs and i think she 's crying . 
 `` you have n't even asked me how i am . 
 about my ... '' i shake my head . 
 `` your ... ? '' 
 `` my ear ! '' 
 she screams . 
 `` my fucking ear ! 
 the one they cut off and wrote ask mark in my blood on my wall . 
 remember that ? 
 do you remember , you bastard ? '' 
 i take a step back , it never ceases to amaze me how women can change their mood so quickly . 
 women . 
 ca n't live with them . 
 ca n't ... never mind . 
 but i manage to hide my emotions , thankfully . 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry , your ear , yes of course , how is it ? '' 
 i say soothingly . 
 `` like you care '' she half screams , half sniffs , and turns away , brushing her hair and revealing , on purpose i guess , a large white bandage over her left ear . 
 she sits there for a while , her back to me , sniffing , and i figure i have to wait a couple of minutes , shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other , until i can talk . 
 `` okay , well then , erm , i hope your ear gets better . 
 i guess i 'll see you around at some ... '' and of course i ca n't get away with just that , she swirls round and gets up and gets very very close to me , i can smell her , and she smells good , and her breasts touch against my chest and her face is so close to mine i can only see her eyes , her brown fiery eyes and i catch my breath . 
 `` look at me , mark '' she whispers . 
 `` look at me and remember me . 
 you 'll regret this . '' 
 and maybe i will , as she holds my gaze and holds my arms , as her fingernails dig deep into my flesh , i can feel the flesh break , i can feel my blood ooze out slowly and soak through my white doctor 's uniform , and maybe i will regret it , she seems different now , harder , more demanding , more extreme , and i feel like i want to touch her , to throw her roughly on the bed , but she 's holding me too tight , she holds me , like it 's never going to end , and then she 's gone , turned away , gazing out of the huge window . 
 `` er , vanessa '' i whisper , but she does n't look around , she just holds up her left hand like she 's dismissing me and i can only shake my head . 
 like i said , ca n't live with them . 
 as i step out of the door i feel , at least , well that 's cleared up , except for a moment of madness , i can tell jane it 's sorted . 
 some work to do there too , but not lost yet , i 'm thinking as i rub my arms distractedly , studying the drying red stains on my uniform . 
 as i shut the door behind me , an arm grabs me and turns me round , and oh christ , i think , something i forgot , yes , too right , someone i forgot . 
 `` all sorted then ? '' 
 smirks dredd . 
 oh god . 
 `` well , erm , kind of , i guess '' i shrug . 
 `` too good for you , she is . 
 do n't know what she sees in you . 
 just because you 're a doctor . 
 mind you , you do n't much act like a doctor . 
 you ask me , you act like a loser most of the time . 
 but people do n't ask me that , they do n't ask me to judge someone 's character , that 's not my job , is it ? '' 
 he stares at me , waiting for me to answer , so i shrug , `` i guess not . '' 
 `` you guess not '' he chuckles nastily . 
 `` you guess not . 
 you 'll make a great philosopher one day . 
 well , let me tell you , it 's not my job . 
 no , my job is just to work out who did what , and if it 's against the law , so much the better , but if it 's not , nothing i can do about it . 
 nothing at all . 
 nada . 
 you get that ? '' 
 `` yeah '' i say warily . 
 `` even if it 's cruel . 
 even if it 's evil '' he continues . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 so long as you do n't physically hurt someone , then that 's fine . 
 no problem . 
 you can be as much of a bastard as you like , you can spit and shout and be a little shit '' he whispers , `` but if you do n't actually do anything , i ca n't do anything to you . 
 you get me ? '' 
 `` i think so '' i whisper . 
 he 's still holding my arm , over the place where vanessa wounded me , and it 's beginning to hurt . 
 `` little shits go unpunished every day . 
 they do what they want , and they walk away . 
 it 's a cruel world , is n't it ? 
 it 's a cruel fucking world . 
 is n't it a cruel world ? '' 
 he breathes on me . 
 `` i guess it is . '' 
 i 'm feeling really uncomfortable . 
 i really need a cigarette now . 
 `` perhaps '' he says coolly , `` perhaps someday we will put some laws in place that punish emotional violence , and not just physical violence . 
 maybe i should do it , maybe i should spearhead it , take a stand , make it count . '' 
 he pauses and gazes at me through his ice green eyes . 
 `` you know why it 's so hard to do , mark ? '' 
 `` erm , well , maybe , erm , no , not really '' `` it 's hard because it 's hard to prove , hard to quantify , and hard to measure . 
 i mean , you can measure physical violence , ca n't you , that 's easy , right . 
 you know , murder is at one end of the scale , and , say , breaking a finger is at the other end . 
 so you can make the punishment fit the crime . 
 you understand ? 
 you 'd have to do the same for emotional violence , would n't you . 
 you 'd have to build a scale of some sort , a way of measuring it . 
 from , at one end , say , just a mild argument about something trivial , to , at the other end , i do n't know , being a complete bastard and leaving your girlfriend for no reason at all , a complete wreck . 
 you get me , mark ? '' 
 he stares at me but does n't seem to be seeing me . 
 `` you get me ? 
 perhaps i could invent it , i could call it the dredd index . 
 what do you think ? 
 where would you stand , mark ? 
 pretty much on one end , i would guess . 
 maybe not a dredd ten , maybe not quite so bad . 
 but an eight or nine . 
 do n't you reckon ? '' 
 `` well , erm , maybe not quite so ... '' `` yeah , an eight or nine , i would say . 
 no question . 
 but unfortunately that 's not the way things are done , and until we can get there , then no matter how much of a shit you 've been , i ca n't touch you , because you have n't done anything . '' 
 i let out my breath . 
 `` erm , could you let go of ... '' `` unless , of course , you have done something . 
 or , let me put it this way , unless there is enough evidence to point at you having done something . 
 it 's a funny thing , evidence . 
 if there 's enough evidence that all points in the same direction , then it may be beyond reasonable doubt that you 've done something . 
 even if it is circumstantial . 
 if there 's enough evidence to say , oh i do n't know , for instance , that someone like you may have chopped the ear off an ex-girlfriend , and if your character points to the fact that you 're a little piece of shit who may do something like that , for instance , then , maybe , who knows , if the evidence was presented in such a way to a sympathetic jury , then ... '' and he gets really close to me , again , `` then , '' he whispers , `` whether you did it or not , you could find yourself in jail . 
 just by way of example . '' 
 `` do you mind if i smoke ? '' 
 i ask but dredd ignores me . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` erm ... about what ? '' 
 `` do you think you deserve to go to jail , mark ? '' 
 `` erm , well , no , i mean , i have n't done anything ... '' i manage to say . 
 `` if you just let go of my arm , i could get my cig ... '' he lets go of my arm and gratefully i step back . 
 my hands are trembling as i reach into my pocket and get out my packet , shaking a cigarette loose and placing it in my mouth . 
 it 's hard to get the lighter to work , it keeps slipping out of my grasp , the little wheel wo n't turn under my thumb , it 's so wet with my sweat as i keep trying and eventually dredd grabs it , with a look of disgust on his face , lights it first time and holds it up for me . 
 `` thanks '' i say , relieved , as i feel it hit me and calm myself down a little . 
 `` so ... you do n't think you deserve to go to jail '' he says quietly . 
 `` well , let 's see , shall we . '' 
 he gets out his notebook , opens the black leather cover and looks at it intently . 
 he 's staring at a blank page . 
 `` let 's start from your alibi , shall we . 
 when we interviewed you on saturday , you were clear that you were at the pub , which pub was it , ah yes , the five stars , you were clear that you were at the pub alone . 
 am i right ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i answer , tentatively . 
 `` well , phil and i went for a friendly chat with the landlord . 
 decent bloke , he bought us a pint each , decent beer on tap there , but we had a chat , and , as luck would have it , he did remember seeing a scrawny , jumped up , false doctor looking guy on friday night , around tennish . 
 is n't that lucky ? '' 
 `` brilliant '' i answer , not smiling . 
 `` funnily enough , though , he remembered you being with a few people , first a well-dressed chap and a good looking , if slightly severe , woman , until they left . 
 and then another guy comes along , quite furtive , and you and he spend a long time looking at some , well , documents , and discussing things intently , until you both left , around , erm , let me see '' he says , studying the blank paper intently , `` around midnight . 
 ring any bells , mark ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i stammer , feeling hot . 
 `` interesting is n't it . 
 you see , when what you tell us does n't match up with what actually happened , then we start to want to ask more questions . 
 especially when there are already question marks around your character . 
 are you following me ? '' 
 i look down . 
 `` interesting , that we also had a look around vanessa 's flat . 
 lots of fingerprints there , oddly enough . 
 we also managed to lift some fingerprints close to where the bloody message was , erm , inscribed on the wall . 
 perhaps that may give us a clue as to who wrote it ? 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 `` well , '' i gulp , `` it depends ... '' `` ah ! 
 yes ! '' 
 laughs dredd . 
 `` phil thought you were quite the amateur detective did n't he . 
 perhaps you have a theory about this . 
 perhaps you have a theory about why your fingerprints were all over vanessa 's flat ... . '' 
 `` how do you have my fingerprints ? '' 
 i ask , surprised . 
 `` answer the question ! '' 
 shouts dredd into my face . 
 `` well , she was my girlfriend ... '' `` she was . 
 she was . 
 until you dumped her . '' 
 `` so i would have been at her flat ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he studies me . 
 `` we 're running some dna tests . 
 comparing samples found around the zone where she was attacked , and of course , on the wall , to see if it matches yours . 
 and if it does ... '' `` how do you have my dna sample ? '' 
 i manage to ask . 
 dredd looks at me , and reaches his arm forward , putting his right hand on my cheek . 
 he talks very softly . 
 `` when people have done bad things , they lose the right to ask questions , mark . 
 they lose the right to be able to crawl away like some worm . 
 you understand me ? 
 whatever happens , we will find a way of making you responsible for this . '' 
 `` but ... ? 
 i did n't do it ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 he smiles broadly . 
 `` well , mark '' he whispers , `` maybe you did n't , but maybe in the eyes of the law you did . 
 you 'll have to wait and see . '' 
 he takes a step back from me and gives me a nasty smile . 
 `` be seeing you . '' 
 i feel myself stumble backwards away from him , it takes me a couple of seconds to regain my composure as i light another cigarette . 
 i wonder if fat chef has any vodka he can put in my coffee , i think i 'll go and ask him . 
 i take a deep breath and turn to go . 
 `` oh ... almost forgot '' comes the voice behind me and i turn back to look . 
 `` get yourself down to the station in the next couple of days please . 
 we need to interview you formally . 
 you may want to bring a lawyer . '' 
 he winks at me , then knocks gently at vanessa 's door . 
 the corridor seems very long and very dark , and it 's a relief to push through the double doors and step out into the dark and dingy central hall that leads to everywhere else . 
 my hands are still shaking as i check my watch . 
 eleven thirty . 
 when did i say i 'd meet jane ? 
 i 'm sure i 've got some time , and so i head back to the canteen . 
 ***** `` no vodka '' says fat chef , sullenly , in the empty canteen . 
 `` but ... '' i start . 
 `` no vodka '' he repeats , shaking his head . 
 `` only coffee . '' 
 i offer him a cigarette , and his fat hand closes over mine , slipping off and somehow taking the whole packet with it . 
 he studies it for a minute , shakes two out to drop on the counter , and shakes the rest into the ever steaming vat . 
 he smiles and hands me back the empty packet . 
 `` for you '' he says . 
 `` erm ... thanks . '' 
 he gives me a huge smile as he says `` light ? '' 
 , so i take my lighter out as he puts both cigarettes into his mouth at the same time , and pushes his head forward . 
 as he smokes he taps the ash into the vat , and i wonder if this is his secret ingredient for making his coffee taste so ... unique . 
 he looks at the stack of dirty cups in front of him , and picks one out , wiping it inside and out with his apron , then ladles some of the brown liquid into it , leaving it about half full . 
 then he gives me a broad smile and reaches down under the counter . 
 `` i have gin '' he smiles , taking out a half empty bottle of gordons . 
 he pours a generous measure into the cup , till it 's spilling over the edge and nods at it . 
 `` enjoy , my friend '' he smiles , and lifts the bottle to his lips , taking a healthy drink . 
 i laugh , pick up the cup and start to drink . 
 it 's pretty weird tasting , but not too bad , and cool enough to drink quickly . 
 `` pretty good '' i say , happily , and he gives me a broad grin . 
 `` mark ! '' 
 fat chef groans quietly , glances at me sympathetically and turns away , picking up a filthy rag and starting to wipe the counter with it . 
 oh shit , here we go , i think and i say `` hi , jane ! '' 
 turning round . 
 she 's walking towards me and , unusually , she does n't look happy . 
 i take another large gulp as she comes up to me . 
 `` eleven o’clock in ward c . 
 that 's what we agreed . 
 what 's the time now ? '' 
 i glance at the clock on the wall . 
 `` erm , four thirty ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` four thirty am . 
 that 's what the clock says . '' 
 she looks up . 
 `` for goodness sake , it 's broken , mark '' she says impatiently . 
 `` it 's eleven forty three and i have been waiting for you for forty three minutes . 
 do you think that 's a good use of my time ? '' 
 i finish my drink and put the cup down . 
 `` well , it depends what you 've been doing ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 that drink was really good , maybe i could get another one before we ... `` waiting for you . '' 
 she looks at me icily , but she is very good looking , and i try a smile . 
 `` did you at least do what i told you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i nod happily . 
 `` yes , miss , all done . '' 
 i feel a bit giddy now , and her look becomes a frown . 
 `` have you been drinking ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 well , yes . 
 well , no . 
 well , yes . 
 just coffee . 
 from the canteen . 
 from my friend . '' 
 i gesture at fat chef but he 's doing his best to ignore us , studying a piece of the worktop and scrubbing at it furiously . 
 she carries on looking at me , then sighs . 
 `` oh , god . 
 all right . 
 come on , we may as well carry on now '' and she turns , walking away quickly , forcing me to scamper to catch up with her . 
 chapter 17 . 
 jason 's house is out in the middle of nowhere , a converted barn in the middle of a field down the end of a long road off a side road miles from town . 
 no signposts , no directions , nothing that would give you any clue it was actually there until you arrived . 
 this is probably some of his military protection thing , ca n't be seen , that sort of stuff , but i just ca n't be bothered to ask him , and he would probably tell me he 's told me all this a million times before . 
 whatever , whatever the reason , it breaks my only rule about places , which is that you 've got to be in walking distance to a pub . 
 and i do n't mean the hour and a half it would take me to get from here . 
 jason 's out tonight , cruising , god knows what , and i find myself lying on the deep sofa watching the huge screen in his living room , playing a war film , because the only films he has are war films , in his huge pile of dvd 's , that 's it , nothing else , nothing more . 
 war is hell , this is war , the thin line , death in combat , all the lost heroes , saving private fuckwit , i mean the list goes on and on . 
 what is it with soldiers , completely obsessed by this shit , all round his house . 
 i mean , i 'm a doctor , and i 'm not obsessed with doctor films , i do n't have doctorin the house , or who 's that doctor , i do n't go playing around with my stethoscope all night , really , do i. maybe i could take one of those huge guns hanging over the mantelpiece and put a huge hole in the middle of the tv set , or maybe i could go and bury all the dvd 's in the garden , take a grenade and throw it in the hole and see what happens . 
 i need to have a word with jason about this , we need to sit down and have a man to man talk about these things , i can offer a bit of wisdom and insight to him and i 'm sure he 'll listen . 
 my plan sorted , i can relax , lie back on the sofa and watch the insane violence unfold with the help of whisky and cigarettes until it 's dark . 
 the room 's glowing with the faintish blue light from the television , blank screen at the end of the film . 
 i must have fallen asleep , i guess , but the room looks different now , its hugeness magnified by the dim light and the shadows and the near silence except for a distant trip , trip , trip . 
 shakily i pull myself up off the sofa and stand , my legs trembling and i think i 'm going to fall . 
 slowly , tentatively , i step forward and with a small crash i kick over the bottle of whisky , i can see what remains dribbling slowly onto the rough tiled floor , over the broken glass of the bottle , shadows playing in the cool light . 
 my feet crunch over the glass and i can feel it cut my bare soles , but it does n't matter . 
 i walk softly over to the television , drawn to it , somehow , drawn to its soft light and the trip , trip , trip , that seems to be coming from it , from inside it . 
 i 'm standing in front of it , feeling it , touching it , seeing it , seeing her , never her , always her , the first , the last , the always , the nothing , the everything whispering to me , touching me , caressing me , there , with me , in myself , in my mind , who am i , please let me know . 
 `` john , john , john '' she whispers , `` john , john , think of me , make me real , make me come '' i can see your face , i can see your eyes of fire and hair like the sun burning the sky at night , i want to be part of you , `` john , john , embrace it , live it , be it '' i can feel your touch , your fingertips , like fire , breathing into me , burning me , marking me , making me , `` john , you 're here , let go , let go , let go '' i can feel you in my mind , rushing through my mind , making me light , making me strong , making me fly , `` john , john , john , follow me , embrace me , love me '' , take me with you , please , give me light , make me understand , `` john , see me , see you , see your death and your life '' , i ca n't leave , do n't make me leave , please do n't make me leave , `` john , live john , live forever , live for now '' am i real , please tell me , am i real , am i here , am i , `` john , take your chances john , live in the fire , the time will come '' am i immortal , tell me , am i , `` she will come and she will take her justice and i will feel my punishment , with you john , with you , me and you '' the scars on my wrists , the scars on my arms , my blood is flowing , my blood is leaving me , `` we 'll fly john , we 'll fly , together , i have such sights to show you , suffering and pain , we can rejoice in it '' tell me please , tell me , do n't leave me , do n't go , `` do n't waste it , do n't waste it , do n't `` jesus , mark , you look like shit . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` where is she ! '' 
 i scream , `` where is she ! '' 
 `` calm down , mark , calm down mate , it 's me , it 's jason , there 's no one else here '' . 
 i can feel the hands on my shoulders , something real . 
 `` open your eyes , mark , come on . '' 
 something real , i can feel her , she 's here , i need something real . 
 open your eyes . 
 `` open your eyes , mark . 
 calm down . '' 
 light blinds me . 
 `` okay , okay , that 's better , take your time , try and breath slower , you were having a nightmare that 's all . '' 
 i look at jason , above me , holding on to my shoulders . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 i breath , heavily , and he shakes his head . 
 `` there 's no one else here , mark , it 's just you and me . 
 she 's not here '' he 's talking slowly , calmly , his hands still on me , staring intently at me . 
 `` are you okay now ? '' 
 and though i do n't answer he releases his grip on my shoulders and i feel the pressure go and i look back at him , and he 's standing over me , arms crossed , looking concerned . 
 `` i saw you lying on the sofa last night , when i got home , i did n't disturb you , just went to bed '' he starts . 
 `` you must have fallen asleep in front of the television . '' 
 i look over at the dull , dead television set , trying to focus on it , i know , there was something last night , what was it , it 's on the edge of my mind but i ca n't hold onto it . 
 `` looks like you may have been sleepwalking during the night too '' he says quietly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he looks down and i follow his gaze to the floor , streaks of red , bloody half footprints between here and the television set and then suddenly , out of nowhere i feel the pain stinging in my feet and i gasp . 
 `` looks like you got up , knocked over my whisky bottle , walked on the glass for a while and then crashed out again . 
 it happens '' he smiles . 
 `` saw quite a lot of it in the army . '' 
 `` i 'm , erm , sorry '' i mutter but he waves his hand . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 but we 're going to have to take those pieces of glass out of your feet , otherwise you will have a problem , seriously . 
 and we 've got work to do this afternoon . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah '' i manage , and pull myself up on the sofa , gasping at the pain in my feet and my head . 
 my body feels like it 's been through a car crash . 
 if only i could remember that dream from last night . 
 `` what 's the time ? '' 
 my voice sounds croaky , like i 've smoked a million cigarettes . 
 jason gets up . 
 `` i 'll get some stuff for your feet . 
 it 's quarter past twelve . 
 were n't you supposed to be in work this morning ? '' 
 good point . 
 i fish my phone out of my pocket and switch it on . 
 there 's a text from jane . 
 `` hoping to see you at some point this morning . '' 
 that 's it . 
 oh well . 
 there 's another text from an unknown number . 
 `` do n't forget to come to the station . 
 we 'll be expecting you 9am tomorrow . 
 ask for dredd . 
 think about a lawyer '' and a text from vanessa . 
 `` i 'll pick up the rest of my stuff from your flat when i 'm out . 
 then you can do what you like . 
 v x '' . 
 still had to put an x at the end of it . 
 `` right , here we go '' . 
 jason 's standing at the end of the sofa , and he lifts up my left leg , jerking me downwards suddenly . 
 i ca n't help looking up as he goes to work with a needle . 
 the pain is really serious , and i ca n't scream or shout but i can feel tears come to my eyes as he 's working , i 'm squeezing the leather of the cushions so hard and biting my teeth together , as he works , a look of concentration on his face and a small smile . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` got the first fucker . '' 
 he holds up a large piece of glass , about the size of a penny , between thumb and forefinger to show me , then puts it carefully on the side table . 
 `` there are quite a few of these in here . 
 hope you 're not too squeamish . '' 
 as if . 
 ***** `` i 've got to go to the station tomorrow '' i say , between mouthfuls of chili . 
 we 're sat in a small , dirty , empty café on the edge of town , not far i think from where my old bedsit was . 
 the chili 's good , even though i ca n't have a beer with it , even though jason dragged us to this place , specifically because it does n't do alcohol , specifically because i need my wits about me to concentrate . 
 he 's patched up my feet and they still feel tender , each time i take a step i can feel a small shard of pain running through them , and a small shard of memory about something , but i ca n't quite work out what . 
 `` fuck . 
 really ? '' 
 asks jason , pouring food into his mouth . 
 `` yeah '' i grumble . 
 `` told me i should think about bringing a lawyer . '' 
 `` fuck ! 
 really ?! '' 
 asks jason , animated , letting some food dribble out of his mouth , wiping it up very quickly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i did n't quite understand him , but i thought he told me they were going to stitch me up for this attack on vanessa 's ear , even though i did n't do it . '' 
 jason wipes his hands . 
 `` i do n't really think he 'd have told you that '' he muses , scratching his head . 
 `` what did he say , exactly ? '' 
 i try as best i can to recount the conversation with dredd from yesterday . 
 `` and this was justin dredd ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yep , that was him . '' 
 `` yeah , i looked into him , tapped up a few contacts to see what i could find . 
 good bloke , apparently . 
 decent policeman . 
 takes things quite seriously and follows things up . 
 they say he can get a bit obsessed about things though , especially when he does n't like someone . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` yeah , i do n't think he kind of likes me . '' 
 i chew on a piece of bread and drink some , well , water . 
 `` yeah , i wonder why '' mutters jason . 
 `` and he did n't drag you into the station , he asked you to go down there tomorrow . 
 why did n't he just drag you down there . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` no , of course you do n't . 
 i was n't fucking asking you . 
 just thinking out loud . 
 maybe he 's trying to exert emotional pressure on you . '' 
 he looks intently at me . 
 `` i do n't think you should go . 
 no . 
 you should n't go . '' 
 `` i should n't ? '' 
 `` no . 
 jesus . 
 you 'd just screw it up . 
 you 'd mention me when they pushed you about the witnesses , and i ca n't get dragged into anything . 
 yeah , but maybe they 'd come after you . 
 need to think about it . 
 maybe ... let me think about it . 
 i know someone . 
 he could be your lawyer . 
 let me make a call . 
 but listen , mark , you will have to do exactly what he says , no deviations , all right , and he 'll get you out of it . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nod , smiling , and he raises his eyebrows , mutters `` jesus '' and starts playing with his phone . 
 `` right , make yourself scarce , i 'll make this call . '' 
 `` but i have n't finished my chili ... '' jason shakes his head wearily . 
 `` just go , mark . '' 
 so i just go . 
 at least i have my cigarettes , and i light up as i step outside the café onto the busy street and look around . 
 the sun 's beating brightly down and i can relax in it for a while as i enjoy the smoke weaving its way through my lungs . 
 there 's a shout across the road , and i look over , but it 's just some couple having a fight , the woman 's screaming at the man , they both look really angry and upset , screaming at each other about something , probably money , or girls , or boys . 
 behind them i notice is a shop that calls itself passion and pain , sounds interesting . 
 especially when i realize that it is a tattoo parlour . 
 brilliant . 
 no time like now , make a decision , be bold , and stuff . 
 i step out across the street , narrowly avoiding a couple of cars and make it to the other side , standing in front of the arguing couple . 
 , who are blocking the way to the shop . 
 `` excuse me '' i say politely . 
 nothing . 
 they are talking about money . 
 `` excuse me '' i say a little louder . 
 still nothing . 
 still talking about money . 
 arguing about it . 
 who spent all the money and how the fuck are they going to pay the fucking rent . 
 `` fucking excuse me ! '' 
 i try , really loud . 
 still nothing . 
 still talking . 
 well , shouting . 
 well , screaming . 
 `` look , for fuck 's sake , get out of the way ! '' 
 i scream , barging into the man . 
 he does n't need to go to the shop , he 's got a serious number of tattoos on his bare arms as it is , so it 's not like it 's a problem for him . 
 at least he stops screaming for a minute and stares at me . 
 `` i 'm just trying to get into the shop '' i say , calmly , politely . 
 `` you fucking hit me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you want to die ? '' 
 `` erm '' i say . 
 `` no , not really . '' 
 i mean it 's a bit of a stupid question , do i look suicidal . 
 maybe i do ? 
 `` well fuck off then '' he snarls . 
 `` yeah , fuck off '' snarls the woman . 
 at least i 've got them agreeing on something . 
 `` i just want to get into the shop . '' 
 he looks me up and down . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` erm , well , i want to get a tattoo ? '' 
 i 'm a bit hesitant . 
 `` what sort ? '' 
 `` well , erm , i 'm not sure , i do n't know ... '' he jerks his finger towards me and looks at the woman . 
 `` he wants a tattoo but he does n't fucking know which one . '' 
 the woman looks me up and down . 
 `` fucking loser '' she says . 
 `` well , i 'll erm , choose when i get in there ... '' the man grabs my shoulders and leans his head back , i close my eyes , convinced he 's about to head-butt me . 
 but he does n't . 
 he says `` listen . 
 you do n't just go into a tattoo studio and pick a tattoo you like . 
 it 's with you for life . 
 you got ta think about it , you got ta think what 's in your soul , what means so much to you , you want it imprinted on your skin , then you got ta close your eyes and draw it out . 
 does n't have to be good , but it 's got to be what you want . 
 you understand me ? 
 then the tattooist can sort it out , make it better , but do n't just go in there and choose any old random thing , you 'll really regret it . 
 believe me . '' 
 he lets go of my shoulders and stares at me . 
 `` you understand ? '' 
 i nod , feebly . 
 `` now , let me introduce you to jim . '' 
 he grabs my wrist with his left hand , and drags me , powerfully , into the tattoo shop . 
 as we walk past the woman , she slaps me on the back and winks at me . 
 `` you listen to my husband . 
 he 's a good man . 
 he knows what he 's talking about . '' 
 we 're standing in a darkened room , there are deep pink and red lights in the ceiling that shine off and shade the walls , walls full of pictures , of tattoo designs , printed on shiny white paper , ghostly in the light , of young women and men with different types of tattoos , in lots of different places , boldly displayed . 
 otherwise the room is empty . 
 `` jim ! '' 
 shouts the man , `` jim ! '' . 
 there 's a cracking sound and suddenly jim is here , i 'm not sure where he came from but he 's standing right in front of us . 
 he must be old , about sixty at least , with long greying hair falling over his face and back , covering his slight frame . 
 he 's leaning on a stick , quite a cool stick , black wood and a skull 's head on top that his hand rests on , a finger in each eye socket . 
 the skull grins at me , and i grin back . 
 `` jim , jim , meet my friend , erm ... '' `` john '' i smile , holding out my hand . 
 jim grips it and grins with cracked teeth through broken lips . 
 `` hello john '' he croaks . 
 `` erm , no , mark , i mean . 
 that 's me . '' 
 `` you sure , now ? '' 
 asks the man . 
 `` let him be '' grins jim , `` a man 's got a right to have two names . 
 d’ya have a cigarette for me , mark ? '' 
 i offer him one and he lights up and i join him , gratefully . 
 `` now , it 's a tattoo you want ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no mate '' says the man , before i can say anything . 
 `` i 've explained it to him . 
 he was just going to wander in , choose any sort of tattoo , and just get you to do it . '' 
 `` ah '' sighs jim , `` but i would n't have done it , would i ? 
 you explained to him that it 's got to come from the soul . '' 
 `` too fucking right i did '' says the man , proudly . 
 `` but seeing as we was there , i 'd take him in to meet you . '' 
 `` good man , good man . 
 now listen , young man '' continues jim , raising his stick and pointing it at me , `` you do what stan here says . 
 i 'll happily make you a tattoo , wherever you want , but i will not do that for you until i 'm convinced you 've chosen right . 
 you understand me ? '' 
 i nod gravely . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` how much time do you have ? '' 
 asks stan , suddenly . 
 i try to think what i was doing , but it 's a bit fuzzy , probably because i have n't been drinking enough . 
 `` erm , a little , maybe '' i say , trying to hedge my bets . 
 `` jim , why do n't we get him to do it now ? 
 put him in your dark room now , give him a piece of paper and a pen , see what he comes up with . 
 what d’ya think ? '' 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 jim strokes his grey goatee . 
 this guy is great . 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 he strokes his goatee again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 his eyes look a little vacant . 
 i 'm not sure he 's got it in him . '' 
 `` oh , '' i smile , `` that 's probably just tiredness . 
 or lack of drink . 
 i have n't had a drink yet today . '' 
 `` you see ! '' 
 says stan , clapping me on the back , `` the man has n't had a drink yet today . 
 what can you expect ? 
 my eyes would look a little vacant if i was like that . '' 
 jim sighs . 
 `` oh , well . 
 all right then . 
 come with me , young man . '' 
 he turns and hobbles towards a wall and disappears through it . 
 i look , startled , at stan . 
 he smiles for the first time . 
 `` it 's a false door . 
 try it . '' 
 a false door ? 
 i walk towards the wall and bizarrely find myself in a smaller , darker room , than the first , otherwise pretty similar . 
 i glance at the far wall , wondering how far this goes on for ? 
 until you get to an ant shaped room ? 
 `` here you are '' says jim , handing me a piece of paper and a blunt pencil . 
 `` close your eyes . 
 imagine nothing . 
 then let your feelings go . 
 then when you 're ready , open your eyes and draw whatever is in your head . 
 do n't worry about the lights . 
 they 'll start to change colours , the idea is that they affect your brainwaves and open you up , unleash your imagination . 
 it 's a system i designed myself . 
 it can have a similar impact to certain , um , hallucinogenic , substances . '' 
 `` really ? 
 even with my eyes closed ? '' 
 he waves his hand . 
 `` open , closed , it does n't matter . 
 the mind has a way of understanding what 's going on . 
 you can sit on that chair and use the desk to write . '' 
 he indicates a table and armchair which i had n't noticed . 
 i sit and make myself comfortable . 
 `` enjoy . 
 and close your eyes '' whispers jim . 
 i close my eyes . 
 ***** `` let 's have a look then '' stan says . 
 but i ca n't seem to let go of the piece of paper i 'm clutching , folded , holding tightly against my skin . 
 it 's really bright in here , they must have turned the lights up , too bright , way too bright . 
 `` do you have any sunglasses ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what ? '' 
 says a dark , fuzzy shape . 
 it 's so bright that he just looks like a silhouette against the sun . 
 maybe the sun 's in here . 
 my head is pounding . 
 maybe i 've got sunstroke . 
 not surprising if it 's in this room . 
 that could be dangerous . 
 `` he wants some shades , stan . 
 get the man some shades . '' 
 jim 's talking slowly and calmly , he 's almost too bright to look at . 
 maybe the sun 's just behind him . 
 `` but i do n't have no shades '' stan replies . 
 `` then turn the lights off '' says jim . 
 the dark shape that is stan seems to drift over to the far corner and do something . 
 the light 's still bright , but slightly better , slightly more bearable , though the pain in my head seems to be getting worse . 
 `` i need to sit down '' i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the voice comes from somewhere , i 'm not sure where . 
 `` i really need to sit down . '' 
 my words sound wrong , like they 're slurred , i have to close my eyes , the pain in my head is so bad . 
 `` i think the man needs to sit down '' says a voice . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i can feel myself being moved somewhere , feel myself doing something , being put somewhere , i think it 's a chair , god that 's a relief , but the pain is still there , i ca n't open my eyes . 
 `` here '' says another voice , or maybe it 's the same voice , it 's hard to tell , `` here , open your mouth , swallow this . '' 
 i try to open my mouth , it feels like my lips are glued together , and i can feel something being forced in between them , like it 's ripping through them , ripping their flesh , making a hole in them into my mouth , a hole that i 'll have forever , and i can feel blood gushing from my lips , pouring into my mouth with whatever 's there , and i feel sick , i want to throw up , i want to `` do n't throw it up , just swallow '' says one of the voices , `` just relax , just swallow . '' 
 it 's kind of hard to relax with the sun in the room next to me and a pile driver crashing through my head every second , but i concentrate and i try and i think of good things , like beer , sex and money , and not of the blood in my mouth , why do i have to swallow whatever it is with blood , with my own blood , why ca n't they just give me something normal like gin , or vodka , but i must n't think of the blood , i have to think of something else , and somehow i manage to swallow whatever it is and the pain stops and the lights disappear and the sun goes out and i open my eyes . 
 and i get up and smile . 
 `` that was intense . '' 
 jim and stan are there , standing next to me , staring at me , and they 're back to their normal colours now . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 asks jim . 
 i stretch my arms out . 
 `` fine . 
 why ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i 've never seen such a violent reaction before . 
 sometimes people , they get a bit dizzy , sometimes they say weird things for a while , but you , you were ... '' `` you were burning '' says stan . 
 `` i touched you . 
 your skin was so hot . 
 like it was on fire . 
 what did it feel like ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` it was fine . 
 had a bit of a headache , but nothing i ca n't handle . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 stan reaches forward , `` so let 's have a look at what you drew . '' 
 he gently takes the paper that i am clutching out of my grasp . 
 i wonder what i drew . 
 `` it 's wet '' he says . 
 `` be careful , son '' says jim . 
 `` you do n't want to damage it . '' 
 slowly , carefully , using just the tips of his fingers , stan unfolds the paper , then unfolds it again and holds it out so that he and jim can see it . 
 `` fucking hell '' says stan . 
 `` oh dear sweet jesus '' says jim . 
 `` what ? '' 
 says me . 
 `` this is fucking awesome '' says stan . 
 he looks at jim . 
 `` i want one of these . 
 on my back . 
 yeah . 
 this is so fucking awesome . '' 
 `` i 'll not do that for you '' says jim , shaking his head . 
 `` this is our man 's here . 
 this is personal . 
 i can just tattoo this straight away , do n't even need to redraw it . 
 this is unbelievable . 
 how did you do it in colour , i only gave you a pencil ... '' `` can i see ? '' 
 i ask . 
 jim and stan both look at me . 
 `` what the fuck '' says a voice behind me . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 asks stan . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 asks jim . 
 `` jesus fucking christ mark , i 've been looking for you for ages . 
 what the fuck are you doing here ? '' 
 jason 's voice sounds kind of angry . 
 shit , that 's what i was doing . 
 i turn . 
 `` listen , i just need to get a quick tattoo done and then ... '' `` for christ 's sake . 
 we 're on a schedule here . 
 we 're late . 
 i say wait outside while i make this call , and then you 're nowhere . 
 you do n't answer your bloody phone , you 're not around , nothing . 
 i was just about to give up when i saw your reflection in here . 
 we have to go . 
 we 're going now . 
 get your tattoo done some other time . '' 
 `` is this man bothering you ? '' 
 jim asks me . 
 `` want me to fuck him up ? '' 
 asks stan . 
 `` oh for christ 's sake '' says jason . 
 he pulls an automatic out from his jacket , he does n't point it at anyone but then he does n't really need to . 
 `` let 's just go . '' 
 i shrug apologetically at jim and stan and say `` i 'll be back for my tattoo , ok ? '' 
 and follow jason dutifully out of the shop and back onto the bright street . 
 jason 's car is parked outside , and we slide in . 
 `` you 're a liability , you know that , mark ? 
 you never used to be like this . 
 always could rely on you . '' 
 he 's glancing at me as we pull away smoothly into the traffic , and i guess i should say sorry . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 anyway . 
 i 've sorted you a lawyer for tomorrow , you just do exactly what he says , all right . 
 you do what he tells you to do , you say what he tells you to say , understand ? 
 he 's going to spend today digging around into the case , finding out what they 've got on you , and he 'll meet you tomorrow morning , seven am at the café next to the police station . 
 i 'm going to drive you there , so you do turn up . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` seven am ? 
 are you sure ? 
 does the world exist that early ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` yeah , mark , it does . 
 it surely does . '' 
 and we drive in silence until we pull into a quiet road , full of old victorian terraces , half of them boarded up . 
 we pull up next to one that looks in half decent shape , you can tell the owner 's made a bit of an effort , the front lawn is cut , though not very well , and there are even curtains across some of the windows . 
 `` this is her '' says john . 
 `` patience barranger . '' 
 `` great '' i smile . 
 `` let 's go and break a few heads . '' 
 i start to get out of the car , and jason grabs my arm . 
 `` listen , mark . 
 we 're not here to hurt her . 
 we just want to find out jelfs ' address , all right ? 
 calm down . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` you can rely on me . '' 
 jason mutters `` jesus . '' 
 we knock on the brown , broken door , and wait . 
 no reply so i knock , harder , and eventually we hear a strange , shuffling sound coming from inside . 
 there 's a rustling behind the door , which opens slowly to reveal patience 's huge frame , filling the doorway . 
 she 's wearing a strange , blue , flowery dress , that makes her skin look pale and deathly . 
 she 's out of breath , from carrying her enormous bulk down the stairs i guess , and she scowls at us . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 jason nudges me . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` oh . 
 yes . 
 hi , patience , do you remember me ? 
 mark . 
 the doctor from the hospital . '' 
 `` which hospital ? '' 
 she asks suspiciously . 
 `` i ai n't been to no hospital . 
 i do n't owe you anything . '' 
 `` no , no , no , mrs. barranger '' jason interjects smoothly , `` we 're not after any money , we just ... '' she visibly relaxes . 
 `` oh '' she smiles . 
 `` oh , well that 's ok then . 
 and it 's miss , not mrs. '' . 
 she smiles coyly at jason and he gives her a huge smile back . 
 `` my friend , here , mark , he was the doctor that looked after your poor nephew , john , when he died . '' 
 she glances at me . 
 `` oh ! 
 oh , yes , i remember . 
 mark . 
 i mean dr mark ! 
 i remember you . 
 you came to his house . 
 and you went to his funeral . 
 really sweet you were , looked after me . 
 come in , come in , darling boys '' and she turns and waddles down the narrow , dusty corridor to the back of the house . 
 we follow , uncertain , treading carefully on the threadbare carpet , and the hallway gets darker and darker as we get towards the end . 
 on the right we come out into a cramped living room , dominated by two tatty , broken leather sofas . 
 there 's a table in the corner with bottles balanced on it , next to an old television set that 's blaring out noise over a static screen . 
 patience is sitting on one sofa , and she smiles at jason and pats what 's left of the seat next to her , he smiles and chooses to sit on the other sofa , and i sit down next to him , falling into it as it threatens to suck me in . 
 `` would you like a drink ? '' 
 she asks , waving the half full glass in her hand . 
 `` oh , yeah , great ... '' i start , but jason puts his hand on my arm . 
 `` oh . 
 er , no , thanks , patience '' i sigh . 
 `` oh . 
 never mind , dear . 
 we can go out for a drink later . 
 it 's lovely to see you '' she smiles . 
 `` have n't got a ciggie have you ? '' 
 i dig out my cigarettes and hand her just one , lighting it for her . 
 we smoke in silence for a couple of minutes . 
 `` well , this is nice '' says patience . 
 `` was it just a social call ? '' 
 `` yes '' i say . 
 patience smiles . 
 `` well , yes '' says jason , `` but mark here also wanted to know if you could help us out . 
 you gave him the number of a friend of john 's , last time you met ... erm , martin , i think it was ... '' `` that 's right ! 
 yes , i remember , john 's old friend , martin , martin jelly or something like that ... he was a strange one too , i think that 's why they got on . 
 kept themselves to themselves , did n't hang out with the other kids . 
 they was thick as thieves , they was . 
 john , he was a strange one , but he was a good boy , not like his brother , mike . 
 mike was wild , but not just wild , he was ... anyway , you do n't want to hear about his brother , do you , you just came for a social call , is n't that lovely . 
 would you like a biscuit ? 
 i have some lovely biscuits . 
 those ones with icing on top , you know , different colours , square and round , with a hole in the middle . 
 and some have jam inside too . 
 they 're lovely , i mean ... '' `` erm , no , thanks , mrs , i mean , miss barranger '' jason interrupts . 
 `` call me patience , please , dear '' she says , putting a huge , flabby hand on his knee , and i can see his body tense , but he carries on . 
 `` oh , yes , thanks patience , but well , mark here tried to call martin , you know , to tell him about john , and to tell him about the funeral , about where he was buried , in case martin wanted to pay his respects ... '' `` oh ! 
 the funeral ! 
 yes , lovely affair , so many of john 's friends were there . 
 i wore my best dress , you know ... and i did my hair , lovely it was , was n't it , dr mark ... '' `` erm , yes , of course , i 'm sure you looked beautiful '' says jason quickly , `` but the thing is , martin jelfs , it looks like we could n't get through to him , so we were wondering if you had an address , or anything like that ... '' `` oh . 
 yes , maybe . 
 poor john . 
 he was good friends with martin . 
 they spent a lot of time together , they did . 
 mind you , i think there was something wrong with john , he looked upset when i saw him . '' 
 she pushes herself forward on the sofa and the cigarette falls out of her mouth onto the floor , and starts smouldering on the carpet . 
 i stare at it , fascinated , as she talks in a whisper . 
 `` you know , i think it may have been a girl . 
 i think it was love '' she whispers . 
 `` love ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 he glances at me , confused . 
 `` yes , i really do '' sniffs patience , shifting in her sofa , which has dragged her down into it , its old springs not able to cope with her vast weight . 
 i 'm not sure how she 'll ever get up , but then i guess that 's not my problem , not yet at least . 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` well , my darling , i 'm a woman , i know these things . 
 call it my intuition , but i can tell these things . 
 i used to pop round to his place , from time to time , you know , his great aunt patience , he used to call me . 
 i was such good friends with his mother , his dear , sweet mother , she was driven to drink you know . 
 it was mike i blame it on . 
 always out , always in trouble , even from an early age , had an evil glint in his eye , that one , you know . 
 i can tell . 
 i can always tell . 
 i used to say to her , my love , i used to say ` pru , my love , be careful , that one 's trouble you know , that one will be bad news , when he grows up ' , even when he was a child you know . 
 i could tell . 
 you mark my words . '' 
 she wags her finger , fat as a cuban cigar , at us . 
 `` and , er , john ? '' 
 asks jason , a slight edge to his voice . 
 `` john , oh poor dear john , such a sad boy , never had a girlfriend you know , poor boy . 
 kind at heart , he was , though they never said so , always called him a little loser , a little piece of shit . 
 that 's what his dad used to call him you know , a useless little piece of shit , his dad jack , he was a brutal man . 
 you mark my words . 
 you would n't want to mess with jack . 
 but he looked after pru you know , it was n't his fault she died , it was those kids of hers . '' 
 `` john '' jason says a little bit more aggressively . 
 `` what , love ? '' 
 asks patience , picking something slimy and green out of her teeth . 
 she studies it for a moment and then flicks it away . 
 `` you were telling us about john , and this girl . '' 
 `` poor john , never had a girlfriend you know , never really knew how to get on with the fairer sex , always a bit shy and into himself . '' 
 `` but he met a girl ? '' 
 prompts jason , a real edge to his voice now . 
 she does n't seem to notice . 
 `` well love , '' she starts , leaning towards him as much as she can but falling back into the sofa , `` well , that 's just it . 
 a few months ago , i popped over to see him at his flat , lovely flat it was , was n't it mark , i mean dr mark , and he was there , sitting in his chair , doing nothing . 
 the telly was n't even on , he did n't even have a drink or nothing . 
 i asked him what was the matter , and he did n't want to say , but you know , a woman can tell . 
 there was this faraway look in his eyes , you know , that i 've seen before . 
 i 've seen it in men when they been thinking about me , so i know . 
 i never got married you know , but it was n't because there was n't a man that wanted me . 
 i used to have lots of men , but none of them was good enough , really , you know . 
 there was always something wrong , and of course , they were all only after one thing , and i do n't need to tell two suave gentlemen like you what that is . 
 i can see , in some men , it may be different , in you , dr mark , maybe , you 're a doctor , you can rise above these things , and you , what is it you do my love ? '' 
 she 's looking at jason . 
 `` i 'm a mercenary '' he replies , ice in his voice . 
 `` ohhh , that 's impressive , a mercenary . 
 i used to know someone who was one of them . 
 he died , though , was blown up in a helicopter over cuba . 
 such a shame , he was such a lovely man . 
 anyway , you do n't want to know about him , do you love , you want to know about john and his problems , do n't you '' `` yes , yes i do . '' 
 `` so kind of you to be interested . 
 fetch me another drink , would you love ? '' 
 she waves her empty glass at jason , and reluctantly he takes it , holding it with his fingertips , as far away from him as possible , and walks over to the drinks table . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he asks over his shoulder . 
 `` oh , do n't worry love , just chuck whatever 's there into it . 
 i ca n't afford to be fussy at my old age '' and she laughs . 
 `` anyway , i asked him a few times what the matter was , i 'm not nosey , i do n't like to pry , but i was worried about him , love ... oh thanks love , that 's lovely '' she takes the glass from jason and swallows half of it . 
 `` so i asked him a few times , and he says , well he kind of confessed , not in so many words , you understand , but a woman knows , he sort of confessed , that he had fallen for this girl , but , poor john , she was n't really interested . 
 she was kind to him , but that was it . 
 poor man , i do n't think anyone was really kind to him . 
 except me , of course . 
 and his lovely mum . 
 anyway , he said he 'd saved some cash up , and that he was going to see martin , because martin knew people , and martin knew how to get things done , and he 'd see him through , and he 'd find a way to help him . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` what , love ? '' 
 asks patience , confused . 
 `` how much cash had he saved up ? '' 
 growls jason , glancing at me . 
 `` oh , dear me , love '' laughs patience , `` i did n't ask him that . 
 i do n't know how much , maybe a bit , you know , he lived a simple life and he 'd always been careful with money , so maybe a bit , you know . 
 and ... '' `` and he went to see jelfs with his cash ? '' 
 interrupts jason , angrily . 
 `` no need to shout , love '' sniffs patience , `` i 'm just telling you what i know , that 's all . 
 i guess he did , from what i 'm telling you , yes i guess he did . '' 
 `` and he never asked you to hide anything ? '' 
 jason asks , slowly . 
 `` hide anything ? 
 oh , dear me , no . 
 why would he ask me to do that ? '' 
 jason looks at me , questioningly . 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` do you have martin 's address please ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` oh , yes , yes love , of course i do '' she says , giving me a big smile . 
 `` let me just get up and get it . '' 
 she starts to heave herself out of the sofa , and falls back into it . 
 she tries again , falling again , and a third time , whilst we look at her . 
 she 's starting to breath heavily now . 
 `` maybe i could get it for you ? '' 
 i ask , and she beams at me . 
 `` oh , yes , love , that would be great . 
 it 's just over there , on top of the telly . '' 
 i find a dusty , dirty book black book with a faded addresses note on the front and bring it back to her . 
 she smiles gratefully and starts leafing through it . 
 `` oh , so many addresses , so many friends '' she mutters , though the pages all look blank to me . 
 she spends a couple more minutes doing this , and i keep my eyes on her , kind of conscious that jason is looking at me all this time . 
 `` ah ! 
 he we are ! '' 
 she smiles , `` he we are . 
 martin jelfs . 
 i 've got his phone number ... '' `` we have that already , thanks '' `` oooookay , and i have his address . 
 fourteen belvoir terrace . 
 oh ! 
 that 's only four houses down from me , just on the left there . 
 that 's some good luck for you , you wo n't need to move your car . '' 
 ***** `` what the fuck 's going on , mark ? '' 
 spits jason , as soon as we 're outside . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` fuck 's sake , you know what i mean . 
 she did n't mention anything about anything valuable , she had no idea about millions , and she sure as hell was n't lying . '' 
 he jabs his finger into my chest . 
 `` you better not be sending us on some wild fucking goose chase here , mark . 
 if you 've fucked me around so far , fine , but you better level with me now . '' 
 the space between us seems to grow smaller . 
 i wonder , again , about the woman at the funeral , about her eyes , the faraway , distracted look . 
 `` well ? '' 
 asks jason into the silence . 
 i sigh . 
 maybe i better tell him i 'm john paris , maybe now he 's seen what happened , maybe he 'll believe me and cut me some slack . 
 but then maybe he 'll hand me over to the general and his scientific person , sara what 's her name . 
 and she 'll go butchering me with some needles or something , and they 'll cut my dick off to try and find out how i work , and then where will i be . 
 no dick , no tattoo . 
 how will i ever be able to face up to people in a pub again . 
 so i decide against telling him the truth . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , jason . 
 she said he had something valuable . 
 and that he was going to talk to martin about it . 
 that 's what she told me . 
 maybe she 's got a bit confused , you saw how much she drinks ... '' i shrug , and jason fixes me with a stare , keeping it there a while , like he 's trying to decide whether to believe me . 
 i put on my most believable expression , at least i think i do , and i cross my fingers behind my back . 
 jason reaches towards his back , and , from god knows where , takes out a long knife , the blade must be close to a foot , and holds it out in front of him . 
 he slowly runs his left index finger up and down the blade , studying it carefully . 
 `` all right , mark '' he says , eventually . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll keep with you for now . 
 but god help you if you 're double crossing me . 
 i 've done a lot for you over the years . 
 i know we go back , god knows i do , but something here does n't feel quite right . 
 you 're acting strange , you have done for the past week or so , you 're not yourself , you 're not normal . 
 and in my book , when someone does that , it 's because they 've got something to hide . 
 and i do n't like secrets . '' 
 i gulp involuntarily and hope that jason does n't notice . 
 he 's not looking at me , he 's still looking at the blade , and my eyes are drawn to it , to the fine river of blood flowing from his finger down the blade and onto the handle , where it drops , silently and slowly , to the pavement . 
 `` i 'm telling you the truth , jason '' i say , my voice trembling . 
 `` you 're my friend . 
 i would n't betray you . '' 
 jason looks up at me , and puts the knife away . 
 `` fine . 
 all right . 
 i 'll believe you . 
 just ... '' and he peters off , looking absently at his cut finger . 
 `` are we going to go and see jelfs ? 
 he lives just over there . '' 
 i 'm not sure if i 'm more nervous or excited about seeing this guy , seeing if he 's the guy who attacked me , seeing if he can shed any light over why i died . 
 `` no , not yet . '' 
 jason shakes his head . 
 if this guy 's a vicious bastard , if he 's the guy who attacked you , then we should come for him at night . '' 
 he looks at his watch . 
 `` right . 
 four pm . 
 it 'll get dark in about three hours . 
 anything you want to do in the meantime ? '' 
 `` i could get that tattoo done ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` bad idea . 
 you 'll be in pain for at least a day after . 
 need you focused on this . '' 
 `` we could go for a drink ? '' 
 i ask , hopefully . 
 he gives me a look . 
 `` all right , '' he says , `` i have an idea . 
 let me call my guy . 
 your lawyer . 
 he 's lined up for tomorrow , he was going to meet you at seven to do the pre-briefing but let me see if he can do it now . 
 hang on . '' 
 he fishes his phone out of his back pocket -lrb- must be a hell of a back pocket , i need to see if i can get some jeans like that -rrb- and dials a number . 
 `` hello ? 
 hi , yeah , it 's me again . 
 listen , we have a couple of hours now . 
 do you think you could ... yeah , perfect . 
 great . 
 all right . 
 brilliant . 
 thanks . 
 yeah , i know it . 
 i 'll get him over to you . 
 there in about twenty minutes . '' 
 he turns to me . 
 `` right . 
 good news , it 's sorted . 
 the guy 's name is rob . 
 rob shady . 
 one hell of a lawyer . 
 helped me out in some of my contracts , with some of my clients . 
 we kind of work together as a team . 
 i sort out the difficult things , he ... well , never mind . 
 anyway , he 's serious . 
 you listen to him , you do exactly as he says , and this will be fine . 
 understand ? '' 
 but he does n't wait to answer , starts walking over to his car , and i run after him . 
 ***** the best news , really , is that it turns out that i 'm meeting rob shady at a pub . 
 well , a wine bar really , a posh kind of pub with raised leather seats over small , round , frosted tables , dark tiled floors and kind of subtle lighting . 
 i 'd say it 's not my kind of place , i like something more authentic , but to be honest that would be a lie . 
 i do n't really care what a place is like , so long as the drink 's good . 
 me and jason walk in , jason scans the place , not really difficult as there 's only one table occupied , and we walk over . 
 `` now do n't start drinking all right , while you 're here . 
 just coke , or orange juice , or whatever , understand ? '' 
 `` jason ! '' 
 the man gets up as we approach and they give each other a sort of hug . 
 rob 's thin and dark , and he 's wearing a black suit , black shoes , black gloves and black sunglasses . 
 some people used to think that wearing sunglasses indoors made you look cool , but most of them were jerks . 
 it 's a shame really , because sunglasses indoors really do make you look cool . 
 `` this is mark , who i was telling you about '' jason says . 
 `` nice to meet you '' says rob in a deep , gravelly voice and puts out his hand . 
 as we shake , i ca n't help noticing that his suit is not just black , it 's incredibly black . 
 i mean , it 's so black , you could lose your soul in there . 
 unless , of course you 'd lost it already . 
 `` right , mark , i 'll swing back in a while and pick you up . 
 and for now , listen to rob , all right ? '' 
 jason gives me one last look then turns and goes . 
 rob gives me a broad smile . 
 `` so , mark , would you like a drink ? '' 
 `` ah '' i shrug . 
 he clicks his fingers . 
 `` jason told you not to , right ? 
 ah , do n't worry , it 'll be fine . 
 i have some coke if you like . '' 
 it 's going to be a slow afternoon . 
 `` yeah , coke 's fine , he said i could have some of that . '' 
 rob reaches his black gloved hand into his black suit and pulls out a small bag of white powder . 
 he taps a little out directly onto the table , and clicks his fingers again . 
 `` james ! '' 
 he calls to the bar . 
 a young guy , dressed as a waiter , comes scampering over . 
 `` yes sir , mr. shady ? '' 
 is this guy really called shady ? 
 `` two premium beers , please , and two straws . '' 
 the waiter makes a very small bow . 
 `` coming right up . '' 
 `` so , mark , tell me in your own words what happened '' rob says , relaxing back with his beer . 
 i can still feel the powder tingling in my nose . 
 `` well , it 's really a case of police brutality ... '' `` ah , brutality , good , i like that . 
 so you 're saying that it was actually the police that cut your girlfriend 's ear , and tried to frame you . 
 good , good . '' 
 `` well , erm , no , not exactly , i mean , well maybe . '' 
 `` ah '' says rob , `` leaning forward , you may not think it was , but do you have proof ? '' 
 `` proof ? '' 
 `` do you have proof that this , erm , mr. dredd , did n't actually cut this lady 's ear , just to frame you ? '' 
 `` well , erm , no , not as such ? '' 
 `` oh '' he smiles , `` i see . 
 he 's a friend of yours . 
 you 're just trying to protect him . 
 i understand . '' 
 `` no , no , he 's not my friend at all . 
 you see , the thing is , i split up with van and ... '' `` ah , yes , love , it 's a mysterious thing , makes us do strange things . 
 so she finished with you , and you were so upset , you cut her ear off . 
 it 's not an unreasonable reaction . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , i did n't ... '' `` it 's fine , mark , it 's fine '' rob says , soothingly . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i can handle anything . 
 i 've seen all of these things . 
 the important thing , mark , is that you tell me the truth . 
 you need to get your story straight . 
 i ca n't have you one minute telling me that this policeman did it to set you up , and the next minute confessing to it yourself . 
 the jury would tear you apart i 'm afraid . 
 so . 
 take a deep breath . 
 let 's start by talking about your girlfriend . '' 
 `` van ? '' 
 `` yes , her . 
 strange name for a girl . 
 sounds quite industrial . 
 is she one of these dyed hair , lots of piercings wild people ? 
 it 's fine . 
 it takes all sorts . 
 myself , i 'm not into that kind of thing , but i 'm not here to judge . 
 it 's completely up to you . 
 though i must admit , i would find it off putting . '' 
 `` no , no , no . 
 it 's short for vanessa . '' 
 i feel confused , maybe i need more cocaine . 
 `` ah , yes , vanessa , lovely name . 
 what 's her surname ? '' 
 good question . 
 i have no idea . 
 `` erm , yeah , i really ca n't remember . '' 
 rob raises his eyebrows . 
 `` interesting . 
 and how long did you say you had been seeing her ? '' 
 i take a drink . 
 there does n't seem to be any more coke around . 
 `` erm ... maybe ... two years ? '' 
 that sounds about right . 
 `` two years , two years , but you 're not sure . 
 and you ca n't remember her surname . 
 okay . 
 we 'll need to work on that with the jury , if it comes to that . 
 they 'll want to see you care , and not remembering her name gives the impression that you do n't . 
 not that that 's fair . 
 and not that it matters of course , and they wo n't care , but you know , a strange thing happens to people when they 're in the jury box . 
 they suddenly feel that they have moral authority over people . 
 anyway . 
 let 's hope it does n't come to that . 
 so . 
 let 's stick with two years . 
 and she left you . 
 for another man , i can tell . 
 he glances up and down at me . 
 not good enough in bed . 
 not adventurous enough . 
 it 's fine '' he smiles , putting his hands up , `` it 's fine . 
 we 're friends here . 
 not everyone can have what it takes , in fact most people are just plain dull . 
 i 've seen it many , many times . 
 so do n't worry , you 're just in with the crowd . 
 that 's fine . 
 it 's a good place to be . 
 so you were with her for two years and she cheated on you . 
 i understand . '' 
 i really do n't think that 's the way it happened , but i ca n't get the waves in my mind to line up straight . 
 `` well , no , i do n't think . 
 i mean , i think . 
 i mean , i think that it was me that left her . '' 
 `` ohhhh '' he smiles . 
 `` now we 're getting somewhere . 
 why did n't you just tell me . 
 so you left her , in a fit of jealous rage after you 'd found out she was cheating on you , and she was shocked . 
 in fact , it shocked her into action . 
 she looked at this man that she was seeing , and she thought , what am i doing . 
 have i made a mistake ? 
 so she called you , to come over , but you 'd already been drinking heavily . 
 you went to her flat and you got into a fight . 
 she brought out a knife . 
 that 's really important , mark , remember , whatever she says , it was her who brought out the knife . 
 she threatened you with it , and you defended yourself . 
 and in the ensuing fight , it slipped , and went straight across her ear and cut it . 
 she screamed at you to get out , she never wanted to see you again , but you begged her , mark , you begged her to let you help her . 
 to call an ambulance or at the very least try and stick it back on with superglue . 
 that 's very , very important . 
 you must remember to say that you begged her , all right . 
 it will get the jury on your side . 
 even though she was cheating on you , even though she attacked you , even though she was screaming at you , you still cared about her , you still worried about her . 
 but she would n't let you , mark . 
 she just would n't let you . 
 she told you to go to the kitchen to get some water , she had a headache and she was feeling thirsty . 
 you did , and when you got back , you saw that she had scrawled that message on the wall . 
 what could you do . 
 you turned round to her in despair , but she had fainted . 
 she was lying on the bed , arms by her side , vulnerable , weak . 
 well , you panicked , naturally . 
 you put the towel to her to stop the blood from flowing too much . 
 and you ran back home , and drank yourself to oblivion on decent scotch whisky . 
 well , who would n't in that situation . 
 really , who would n't . '' 
 he leans back in his chair , with a huge smile . 
 `` brilliant . 
 that is absolutely brilliant . 
 i can sell that to those daft bastards tomorrow . 
 no problem . '' 
 he gets out the little packet of cocaine and pours the rest onto the table . 
 `` have a snort '' he smiles and gratefully i accept , then he finishes it off . 
 `` mark , mark , this will fly . '' 
 `` but ... it 's not true '' i say , uncertainly . 
 `` of course it 's true '' he says , confidently . 
 `` name me one part that is n't . '' 
 `` well ... vanessa was n't going out with anyone else , for a start ... '' `` james ! 
 two more premium beers please . 
 and a couple of your best chasers . 
 single malt . '' 
 he turns back to me . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 well , she was n't . '' 
 he shakes his head sadly . 
 `` mark , i can find you at least twenty people who will swear blind in front of any jury that she was seeing them behind your back . '' 
 `` she was ? '' 
 i 'm really surprised . 
 he laughs and the beers arrive . 
 `` funny man . 
 enjoy your beer '' he takes a long , satisfied drag . 
 `` what else is wrong with it ? '' 
 `` well , i did n't have a fight with her ... . 
 it was n't me that cut off her ear . '' 
 `` of course it was n't . '' 
 `` no , no , i mean , seriously , it was n't . '' 
 i 'm pretty sure it was n't . 
 `` mark , mark , mark , these are details . 
 we can work through these . 
 listen , my friend '' he 's starting to talk very slowly , like he has to explain it to me carefully . 
 `` the police want someone they can pin this on . 
 they ca n't move on until they 've done that . 
 all right ? 
 fine . 
 so . 
 you think you know who did this , some jerk , but you ca n't tell them that , because you and jason need to go and beat up said jerk for other reasons , which of course are perfectly understandable , but you ca n't have these detectives sniffing around him . 
 you understand me ? '' 
 `` well , sort of , but ... '' `` exactly ! 
 drink up . 
 this whisky 's very good . 
 and therefore we come to a perfect solution . 
 no one else involved . 
 a clear set of actions , and a clear set of motivations . 
 immovable from any circumstantial evidence they may care to throw our way . 
 if needed , we build up your character as a respectable member of society , with a very good job . 
 if needed , we bring in some reputable witnesses to support all aspects of the truth . 
 you understand ? '' 
 he reaches over and pats me on the arm . 
 `` drink up , there , my friend . '' 
 i finish my beer and pick up my whisky , rolling it around in the glass , studying it . 
 they 've put ice in it . 
 i hate ice , and i try to fish the ice cubes out , but they seem to keep running away from me . 
 `` i 'm glad we 've got this all sorted . 
 you know mark '' he says , looking at me , `` i like you . 
 you 're simple , you 're straightforward . 
 you 're clear to me about the trouble you 're in and we work out a solution together , like me . 
 you would n't believe the number of people that i have to talk to , who are so interested in the details , who want to challenge every single aspect of our discussion . 
 but not you . 
 james ! 
 fetch the man another whisky , without ice this time please . 
 no , not , you , you tell me what happened , clear and simple , and that 's what we tell the police . 
 no bullshit , no lies , just the plain truth . 
 thanks james . '' 
 the waiter gingerly plucks my glass out of my hand , and replaces it with another one . 
 i study it again , for a few seconds , before throwing it back . 
 he 's right , you know , i 'm thinking , i am clear , and keep things simple . 
 it was a hell of a mess , that night at van 's , when i challenged her about that guy she was seeing , when she tried to attack me , but i dealt with it , as well as i could . 
 i did n't do anything wrong , and now i have this , well , brilliant lawyer , to represent me . 
 what can go wrong ? 
 `` chin chin '' winks rob . 
 `` i think jason will be back soon . 
 oh , and look at the time . 
 i have to go . 
 right , so nine o’clock tomorrow at the police station . 
 that 's the appointment . 
 fine . 
 let 's meet at quarter to . 
 when we get there , leave the talking to me . '' 
 he winks at me and gets down off his chair . 
 `` put it on my tab , james '' he calls as he walks out . 
 `` oh , and anything else my friend wants , i 'll cover . '' 
 well , what can i say . 
 i have to do the decent thing . 
 `` whoa , whoa , no , cancel that order ! '' 
 jason 's voice behind me as i 'm just about to order . 
 `` mark , what did i tell you ? 
 no drinking . 
 you need what little wits you have with you for the moment . 
 after tonight , yeah , get drunk , whatever , we 'll swing by town and get to the pub , all right . 
 but not now . 
 you have n't been drinking have you ? '' 
 `` erm , well , no , not really . '' 
 jason sighs . 
 `` oh for god 's sake . '' 
 `` well , rob insisted i have a drink so what could i do ? '' 
 i say , forlornly . 
 `` yeah , all right , whatever . 
 did you sort things out with rob at least ? '' 
 `` yes , yes i did , well i think i did , he seemed to think i did . '' 
 `` oh , well , if he thought so , that 's ok , just remember to follow his lead on everything tomorrow , all right . 
 right , come on , let 's go , it 's got dark , time to pay a visit to our friend mr. jelfs . '' 
 the streets are quiet as we drive back to belvoir terrace and pull up near patience 's house . 
 we walk up to jelfs ' house , a small , run down victorian , dim lights showing through the dirty , ripped curtains . 
 i 'm about to walk up the drive , but jason stops me . 
 `` listen . 
 you go in first , but you let me do the talking , all right . 
 all i need to know is whether he 's the guy who attacked you , and i 'll be able to tell that straight away . 
 here , take this , but for fuck 's sake , do n't use it . '' 
 he hands me a silver gun , from somewhere inside his jacket . 
 he sees me admire it and says `` look . 
 there are rounds in the chamber but the safety 's on . 
 it 's just in case . 
 just in case things get sticky . 
 but whatever you do do n't suddenly decide to become a soldier or anything , all right . '' 
 `` sure '' i grin , and stuff it into the front of my trousers , so the handle is showing . 
 `` jesus , mark . 
 in the back . 
 always in the back . 
 you walk up to him , he grabs it out of your trousers and bang , you 're gone . 
 use your head . '' 
 i smile sheepishly and stuff the gun into the back of my trousers , but hey , it feels weird . 
 we walk up the path to the front door . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 asks jason and i knock , twice . 
 there 's shuffling inside that gradually becomes louder and then we can hear some sounds at the back of the front door . 
 it shifts open a bit . 
 it 's on a chain and half a face peers out from the darkness inside . 
 it 's him . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` what the fuck do you want . '' 
 there 's a rattling as he pulls at the chain , the door swings open and he 's there , the man that attacked me . 
 big and broad and scary looking , evil eyes and cropped hair , a dirty t-shirt and ripped jeans and he has his hands on my shirt , pulling me in , not noticing jason who follows us into the dim , dingy corridor and slams the door behind him . 
 `` who the ... '' jelfs starts as he finally notices , but jason pushes me aside and is face to face with jelfs , gun out and under jelfs ' chin , all in a quick movement , all before he can react , and he 's pushing him back down the corridor to the door at the end , and he 's pushing him inside , through , into a brightly lit kitchen , the white walls smeared with grease , and he pushes him to the wall , next to a battered oven , something boiling in a dark pot on the hob . 
 `` evening '' snarls jason . 
 `` how you doing today ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jelfs is struggling to speak , jason has him by the throat . 
 `` what the f ... '' jelfs ' right arm is just above the pot , i can see the steam rising up and slowly turning it red . 
 he 's trying to move it but somehow jason has him in such a grip that he ca n't move at all . 
 `` we want some answers . 
 understand ? '' 
 jelfs ' face is starting to turn purple and he 's stopped speaking . 
 jason releases the pressure a bit , and shakes him . 
 jelfs is a big guy but jason is holding him easily , controlling him completely . 
 i need to go to the gym , get my muscles up . 
 after i 've had my tattoo done . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 and jelfs ' eyes are wide . 
 jason shakes him again , like a puppet , jelfs flops around and does n't make any attempt to defend himself . 
 jason lets him go and he flops to the floor , panting , wheezing , crumpled in on himself . 
 `` a bit fucking pathetic if you ask me . '' 
 jason kicks his side and jelfs flinches but does n't move . 
 `` now you need to start talking to me before i get angry . '' 
 it 's all happened so quickly , i 'm not sure jelfs has even had the chance to understand what 's going on , just that he 's in trouble and there 's some vicious guy who really wants to cause him harm . 
 there 's a whimper from the crumpled pile . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 another whimper . 
 `` not good enough . '' 
 another kick . 
 a cry this time , then another whimper that almost sounds like a word . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 that 's what he 's saying , i 'm sorry . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asks jason impatiently . 
 `` er , he said he 's sorry '' i say helpfully . 
 `` i know that '' replies jason without looking around . 
 `` what the fuck 's he sorry for ? '' 
 there 's a mumbling from the heap . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asks jason again and the voice repeats it . 
 `` er , i think he said he 's sorry for attacking your friend . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , right , well you fucking should be . 
 but that 's not why we 're here . 
 well , it is , but we 're here for something else too . 
 so you get the fuck up and get yourself sorted , and start answering some questions . 
 and if you try anything , anything at all , i will kill you . 
 you understand ? '' 
 there 's another whimpering noise . 
 `` i think he said yes '' i say . 
 `` i know that '' says jason . 
 he reaches down and pulls up the man , and half helps him , half drags him to the small table in the corner of the kitchen , and throws him down on one of the old wooden chairs . 
 jelfs ' head is still hanging down . 
 me and jason sit at the other chairs . 
 `` maybe i could get us a drink '' i say . 
 jason shakes his head . 
 `` stay the fuck there . '' 
 he slaps jelfs , hard on the face , and jelfs flinches , puts his hand to his cheek . 
 gradually he lifts his head and looks at me , the anger in his face gone , red marks around his eyes and blood trickling down from his forehead . 
 `` i 'm sorry , man '' he says . 
 three of his front teeth are missing and blood trickles out of his mouth as he speaks . 
 jason is really something . 
 i 'll have to get him to teach me some of that . 
 this guy just looks broken . 
 `` stop apologizing for that . 
 you understand . 
 you do something like that again and you 're dead . 
 you got that ? '' 
 jason squeezes jelfs ' arm and he flinches in pain . 
 `` yeah , yeah , i 've got that , i 'm really sorry , i mean ... '' he wipes his bloody mouth with his hand . 
 `` right . 
 fine . 
 now . 
 john paris '' says jason . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` tell us about john paris . 
 how you knew him , what you did for him , what you were hiding for him . '' 
 `` i was n't hiding nothing ! '' 
 he blurts out and jason smacks him hard , across the face . 
 `` i do n't know if you 're lying or not but if you want to have any teeth left ... '' he holds jelfs ' jaw in his left hand , forcing his mouth open , and puts two fingers of his right hand into it . 
 jelfs tries to scream but he ca n't , and jason 's face tenses as he works his fingers . 
 he takes his fingers out and in between them is something white and red , little strands dangling from it , and i realize it 's a tooth . 
 `` fuck , man , fuck , fuck , fuck '' moans jelfs . 
 `` you get my point ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 `` i do man , but i was n't lying . 
 honest to god , i was n't . '' 
 `` all right , all right , calm down . 
 now tell us about paris . '' 
 `` my fucking tooth man , i look like a fucking cannibal , jesus , what the fuck am i ... '' `` i said calm down '' snaps jason . 
 jelfs was quiet for a moment . 
 `` i could really do with a drink '' he sniffed . 
 `` i 'll get you one ! '' 
 i 'm up on my feet . 
 `` where do you keep it ? '' 
 `` sit down ! '' 
 jason looks at me and i sit down . 
 `` now . 
 paris . '' 
 jelfs sniffs and coughs . 
 `` all right man . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 just to calm my nerves . '' 
 he looks at jason , realizes he 's not going to get anywhere , and sighs . 
 `` what ... about him ? '' 
 his voice high and soft . 
 `` tell us how you know him . 
 tell us about him . 
 tell us about the two of you . '' 
 jason looks over at me . 
 `` always best to get the background , the details . 
 you can tell if he 's lying more easily . '' 
 `` i ai n't going to lie to you man ! 
 really , i ai n't . 
 i do n't want to get hurt no more . '' 
 little flecks of blood jump out from his mouth as he talks . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear it '' nods jason . 
 `` now talk . '' 
 `` all right man . 
 john and me , we was mates . 
 from way back . 
 from school . 
 he was all right . 
 a bit weird , a bit quiet , liked to keep himself to himself , most people thought he was a bit of a loser , never amount to anything . 
 his brother , mike , he was different . 
 king of the class . 
 everyone fucking loved him , man . 
 he just had something about him , even the teachers , even they was scared of him . 
 they used to say he was shagging this lass , one of the teachers , he must have been about fifteen , she was really fit , really hot , but it was like all the girls , they just swarmed round him . 
 he did n't really give a shit about john , but no one was really sure , you know , so people left him alone . 
 had n't been for mike , i 'm not sure john would have made it out of that school . 
 but he was all right . 
 he just , like , walked in the shadows , you know . '' 
 he glances at jason . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` it was different at home , though . 
 i went round a few times . 
 their dad , he was fucking mental . 
 no protection for john there . 
 he was fucking terrified of his dad . 
 i mean , fucking terrified . 
 used to hide from him . 
 used to find any excuse to go out . 
 we used to hang round outside till late , see if we could scrounge a few ciggies , a couple of tins . 
 then he used to go back when the house was quiet . 
 it was all right . 
 we got used to it . 
 we got to be mates in the end , really . '' 
 jelfs coughs and blood comes out of his mouth , drips onto the table . 
 he glances at it nervously . 
 `` it 's only your gums bleeding . 
 do n't worry . 
 carry on . '' 
 jason 's quiet now , calm . 
 `` well , yeah , like i said , we got to be mates for a while . 
 then mike , he got older , you know , he got wilder . 
 was n't scared of his dad no more . 
 i tell you , that house was like a fucking war zone . 
 they used to fight . 
 not like normal people , not like me and my old man , you know we used to throw a few punches but it was all normal , yeah , it was all a bit of a laugh . 
 this was n't like that . 
 they was fucking wild . 
 they used to use knives on each other , go for it , i mean really try and fucking kill each other . 
 but then , it got worse , you know , it got weirder . 
 there was this one time , it was the last fucking time , it was too scary after that . 
 `` i do n't know why we ended up at his house , i think we could n't get hold of anything and john said he knew where there was a few cans and a bottle we could nick from his place , and we could get in round the back and get out without being seen . 
 anyway , we went in , through the kitchen door at the back , and the kitchen , it was empty , right . 
 and i 'm like , well let 's get it and get out . 
 but john says , no , it 's in the living room , that 's where they store the booze , right at the front , but it 's all right , cos it 's quiet , so they must be upstairs , or out , or wherever , but they 're not there so it 'll be all right . 
 i tell you man , i was freaked . 
 i hated going to that house then . 
 with his old man , you knew you 'd get a kicking . 
 with mike , you never knew what you 'd get , but he could be fucking dangerous . 
 i 'm not sure who i was scared of most . 
 well , i still remember it now . 
 we walked through that hallway , we was both on tiptoes just not to make any noise , and you could tell , john , he was scared too , he was n't taking no chances . 
 i do n't know what it could have been like living there the whole time , he used to just sneaked in and out and kept himself to himself . 
 even his mum , she was unpredictable , after she got on the booze . 
 anyway , we get up to the living room door and it 's shut , and i 'm , like , let 's forget it john , let 's just go out and bum a few cigs and call it a night , but he really wanted some booze , so he 's like , no , no , it 'll be fine , it 's quiet , there 's no one here . 
 so he gradually opens the living room door and there 's no noise that comes out , and i remember breathing out and being so fucking relieved man . 
 so we go in there and he 's like , it 's in the corner , in the cabinet by the telly , so we start to walk across the living room . 
 it 's cold in that room , i remember , it 's real fucking cold , which was strange because it was a warm night . 
 i remember thinking that , when we got to the cabinet and we opened it . 
 and there was some cans in there and a bottle of jacks and there was two packs of bensons , so we was in luck . 
 we left the cans cos they was warm , but we took the jacks and the ciggies , and we turned to go . 
 fucking hell man , we had n't seen , quiet as death man , on the sofa , they was . 
 mike and the old man . 
 they was sitting there . 
 but the old man , he was just wearing trousers , he was bare chested , right , but his chest was covered with cuts , and they was fresh because they was still bleeding , right , and he had his hands and feet , they was tied up with rope and he had a gag round his mouth , but you could see his eyes and he looked fucking blank man . 
 i remember , cos it was dark and there was n't much light , but it 's like the light was reflecting out of his eyes , they was blank but they was like shining too . 
 and mike was sitting there , next to him , and he was grinning at us , and he had a knife in his hand , you know . 
 and we was watching , we could n't fucking move , and mike brings the knife up to his dad 's throat , and his dad does n't react at all , and he moves it , back and forth , back and forth , gently , and the blood starts to seep out , a line , trickling slowly down his neck , like . 
 and mike takes the knife away and , jesus , he licks it man , he fucking licks it . 
 and he gives us this huge fucking grin like he 's on top of the world , like he 's the king of the fucking night man , and then he whispers ` you better go . ' 
 and jesus man , we are out of there so fast , you could n't believe , we 're out of the door and out of the house and running down the street , till we ca n't run no more . 
 and fucking hell man , we smoked those ciggies and drank that bottle and we was both passed out on the street all night . 
 i remember , we did n't go to school the next day , we did n't want to talk about it or nothing , but jesus , i still do n't know what fucking happened there . '' 
 and when he 's talking it 's funny , i have a strange , sudden memory of something , maybe something like what he 's talking about , somewhere deep , that dark , cold room and those people . 
 `` and what happened to his dad ? '' 
 i snap back to hear jason talk . 
 `` well , fucking hell , that was strange , man . 
 i thought he was dead , you know , i thought he was a goner . 
 and so did john , i 'm not sure if he was happy about it or more scared that mike would do the same to him . 
 but that day , later that morning , we sneaked up to the house and hid , across the street . 
 there was this little green bit , they used to call it a park , it was n't a fucking park , it was just a patch of grass , but they put a bench there and some bushes and they called it a park , and it was opposite their house . 
 so we hid behind the bushes and watched the house and waited . 
 and we waited for ages , we did n't eat or drink nothing , did n't want to , i remember , i was so fucking hung over , half a bottle of jack 's and i was only fourteen , so it was about all we could do anyway , watch and wait . 
 but anyway , eventually the door opens and john 's dad walks out . 
 he crosses the street and he 's walking right towards us , like he can see us , and me and john , we look at each other , it 's like we 're seeing a fucking ghost and i 'm thinking he 's some dead phantom or zombie or something and he 's going to come and rip our heads off . 
 and i want to run but john , he grabs my arm , and he makes me stay and so i do , which is a good fucking thing cos there was nowhere to run to . 
 so we just watch . 
 and john 's dad , jack , he stops on the pavement by the bench , and he lights up a ciggie , and we 're looking at him , and it 's like he 's completely fucking normal . 
 there 's no marks on his neck , and he 's wearing this half open t-shirt and there 's no marks on his chest or nothing . 
 and he 's just smoking , casual , like nothing ever happened . '' 
 `` so ... what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i dunno , man ! 
 i do n't fucking know ! 
 how do you explain shit like that . 
 i think that 's when we realized that mike , he was into all kinds of dark shit , man , it was n't just the violence , it was ... . 
 well , i do n't know what it was . 
 but he fucking scared the hell out of me . '' 
 me and jason glance at each other , i 'm not entirely sure why . 
 jason looks back and he 's wrapped , he 's staring intently at jelfs like he does n't want him to stop . 
 `` what happened then ... '' i ask . 
 `` well , me , i was scared , like i did n't want to go near that family again , like they were a bunch of freaks . 
 but i still used to see john at school , it was in our final year i think , before we ... well , anyway . 
 john , he told me that after that , jack , his dad , well , he was n't vicious no more , not like before , it was like , well , i remember him saying to me once , we were sat out in the yard , it was like , i remember john saying , like , well , he 'd had it sucked out of him . 
 he did his shit , he still walked round and he still smoked his tabs and he still sat on his chair like you would n't want to mess with him , a scowl on his face , but he did n't do nothing . 
 john did n't know how to handle it . 
 and mike changed too . 
 they all changed , even prudence , their mum . 
 she was always on the booze but it got worse after that . 
 there was one more time , i remember him telling me about it , it was like the last time he told me about . 
 they was all eating together , and that was fucking unusual , but they were there , i think it was sunday lunch or something , and john was there , quiet as he could be , eating through his sprouts or whatever the fuck they was cooking , and i remember , he tells me , he spilt something on his t-shirt . 
 some gravy or some shit . 
 and he glanced up at his dad , hoping that he would n't notice or would n't care or stay in that same kind of stupor he 'd been in since that time right , but he sees something , it 's like a flash , and jack , he lifts his fist up , he 's about to punch john , but before he could do anything , it 's like mike 's there , and he 's got his fist in his hand , and , i tell you , i remember john telling me this , he just like squeezed for a minute and jack lets out this yelp of pain , and mike lets go , and it 's like , his hand is mush , man . 
 just like its been crushed . 
 and mike sits down again , and he smiles , and he winks at john . 
 and that 's it . 
 he says that jack , he never did anything like that again . 
 he was like a fucking zombie , after all . 
 `` well , anyway , it was n't long after that they died , was it . 
 his folks , i mean . 
 pru , she was always a drinker but she really took to it after that , a bottle of vodka a day , like . 
 i remember helping john a couple of times , we had to nick it from the offy for her , she was getting through so much they could n't afford it . 
 we used to go to a different one each time , and the supermarkets , they was much easier to nick stuff from in them days , remember . 
 she should n't have been driving , really , should she , but then they had to get round and jack he never drove anyway , so it was always her . 
 i guess she thought she could handle it , cos she drank so much , but it was like , just one mistake were n't it . 
 coming over a hill , in the wrong lane , straight into a fucking lorry . 
 there were n't nothing left of the car , was there . 
 had to bury them in empty coffins , did n't they . 
 i remember john going to the funeral , even then , even after all that shit , it was just him and that daft bat patience , that went . 
 mike , he did n't go . 
 no one was surprised , no one knew where he was . 
 me and john , we went drinking after that , i remember , that night , got fucking plastered , and i was like , john , why do you even fucking care , they was shit parents , and now you can do what you like . 
 we was sixteen then , and everyone left us alone . 
 everyone left them alone , mike and john . 
 mike was three years older and i guess they figured they could look after themselves . 
 and i think mike , you know , in his way , he still looked out for john , even though they did n't talk or nothing , but i think mike , you know , he made it known , that he was there . 
 do n't fuck with john or you 'll have to deal with me . 
 and everyone knew what that meant . 
 `` so after that , me and john , we drifted apart a bit . 
 i do n't think we seriously meant to , it was just , like , well , there was just too much weird shit between us . 
 and then school finished , and i had to get a job , and i got busy , got myself some new friends and you know , we just kind of stopped seeing each other . 
 i know mike , he left , too , went over to the continent somewhere , just got fed up with it all . '' 
 jelfs pauses , looking down at his hands , waiting . 
 he 's still panting , slightly out of breath , a tiny dribble of blood still coming from his mouth . 
 `` shit , john , he had a tough time '' i say into the silence . 
 jason looks over at me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` yeah , course i am , why ? '' 
 `` well , shit mark , i do n't know how to say this , but it looks like you 're crying . '' 
 jelfs looks up at this , looks over at me . 
 `` fuck '' is all he says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , putting my hands to my face , and feeling the wetness there . 
 `` what ? '' 
 is all i can say again in confusion . 
 shit . 
 i do n't know what to say , do n't know how to feel , hearing all that about me , about my life , my childhood , my alky mum and insane dad , and of course my brother mike , and look what 's happened to him . 
 and for the first time i can remember , i actually feel something , maybe the first time since i woke up in that hospital bed , i actually feel , i can actually think , a dark trickle of the past somewhere behind me , somewhere inside me , and i look down at my hands , turn them over , study them , this is me , but this is n't me . 
 what am i , who am i , am i free . 
 `` mark ? '' 
 jason 's voice feels like a whisper on a cloud , somewhere above me . 
 `` mark , what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` nothing '' i cough , choking on my words . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i look over at him , and he seems fuzzy , they all do , i need to reach out , i need to get back , but get back where ? 
 the feeling starts in the pit of my stomach , like it 's eating me , like it 's vicious , and gradually i can sense it working its way through me , making me want to keel over , making me want to bend over and curl into a ball , making me want to scream , to shout , to kill , to die , please , please , please , stop it , and i can see my left hand , reaching out to him , reaching out to jason , help me , please , help me , but as i look , jason 's changing , the room 's changing , the room 's getting darker and colder , and jason , no , he 's not jason anymore , his eyes have turned to fire , his hair has become the burning sun , and he talks , no she talks , soft and smooth , `` live it , dream it , be it '' and she smiles and her smile 's like thunder , her hands are like ice , burning me as they touch me , `` live forever , live for now '' she whispers , `` eat the pain , destroy the pain '' and `` jesus mark , fuck ... '' i 'm in jason 's arms , he 's holding me up , pulling me back up to the chair , `` are you all right , you look like ... '' but no , it 's all right , `` it 's all right '' the pain has gone , i 'm all right , `` i 'm all right '' , and jason 's got his hand on my shoulder , `` are you sure ? '' 
 and i 'm pulling myself up , `` yeah , yeah , it 's fine , i 'm fine '' he steps back and sits back down . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do n't know , sorry , jase , just came over a bit strange '' . 
 jelfs has n't moved but he 's looking at me curiously . 
 `` you sure you 're all right ? 
 you need a drink ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` yeah , good idea . '' 
 i 'm trying to remember , i 'm sure i saw someone , i 'm sure i saw her , who did i see , i 'm sure . 
 `` i need a drink . 
 where can i get a drink ? '' 
 jelfs nods to his right . 
 `` over in that cabinet over there . 
 should be some glasses too . '' 
 he snatches a glance at jason . 
 `` could i ... '' `` no you fucking could n't '' snaps jason . 
 `` get yourself a drink , mark . 
 then we 'll carry on . '' 
 gratefully i get up , i feel a little light on my feet , walking the two or three feet , but manage to steady myself , and pour myself a very large vodka . 
 my hand 's still shaking as i bring it back to the table and sit back down . 
 it stings the back of my throat and makes me feel better . 
 `` right '' says jason , looking back at jelfs , `` so what happened then ? '' 
 `` well '' shrugs jelfs , `` nothing . 
 i mean that was it . 
 me and john , we never saw each other after that . 
 like i say , we drifted apart ... '' `` liar '' jason reaches forward and puts his left hand over jason 's right , pinning it to the table . 
 panic rises in jelfs ' voice . 
 `` i ai n't lying ! 
 i swear to you ! 
 i ai n't ! '' 
 and he looks small and weak . 
 there 's a knife in jason 's right hand , and he brings it forward . 
 `` no , man , no , no , seriously '' but jason ignores him , opens up a little slit between two of his fingers and drives the knife through , through jelfs ; hand , into the table , you can hear the wood splinter as he does it . 
 jelfs ' scream bounces around the kitchen and jason slaps him hard across the face . 
 `` i told you not to lie '' he says quietly , over jelfs ' sobbing . 
 `` but '' jelfs ' voice is just a high pitched whisper , and jason twists the knife , making him scream again . 
 `` please , please , no , no '' `` you 're lying . 
 i told you not to lie . '' 
 there are tears in jelfs ' eyes as he looks at jason and nods miserably . 
 `` john , he got in touch with me a couple of months back '' he says between sobs . 
 `` and i should have never done it , i should never have done it , but we went back , and i felt sorry for the guy . '' 
 jason 's looking attentive now , `` never done what ? '' 
 `` well , i was all right back then , had myself a job and everything , even a woman . 
 she was pretty too . 
 and john , he just turned up one day , came to find me , and i did n't even recognize him at first , well it had been years , but he was just so thin , and his clothes were dirty and just , he just looked like a mess , really . 
 so i let him in and we drank vodka , and we chatted . 
 and he told me , about this woman , right . 
 this woman that he 'd fallen for , i mean , fucking stupid is n't it . 
 but there was this woman , and she were n't interested right , well i mean , course she were n't , i mean , you just had to look at him , but he 'd never like fallen in love before , that 's what he told me , and i 'm not surprised , i mean , i was n't surprised , cos i remember him , i knew him , he could never get close to people . '' 
 `` and he had money , right ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 `` what ? 
 well , yeah , he had some , but it was nowhere near enough . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` i dunno , a couple of grand maybe ? 
 but he told me it did n't matter , cos he had information , valuable information , that was worth a lot . '' 
 `` what sort of information ? '' 
 `` i dunno , he did n't fucking tell me , man ! 
 please can you take the knife out of my hand ? '' 
 jason looks down . 
 `` in a minute . 
 so he came to you because of a woman ? 
 and how the fuck could you help ? '' 
 jelfs glances down at his hand and gulps . 
 `` well , '' he says in such a small voice , `` i knew people , see . 
 i knew people who could ... '' he trails off . 
 `` could what ? '' 
 jelfs looks down . 
 he 's barely talking now . 
 `` could make pretty much anything happen . 
 could , like , make her fall for him . 
 if he paid them enough . '' 
 jason 's holding the knife deep in his hand . 
 it 's like he 's deciding whether to believe him or not . 
 and he 's probably thinking what i 'm thinking , if you can make someone immortal , you can probably do this . 
 `` who ? '' 
 whispers jason . 
 jelfs gulps . 
 `` john . 
 if john paid them enough . '' 
 jason twists the knife and jelfs screams again . 
 `` who were these people ? '' 
 jelfs wo n't look up , he 's shaking his head ever so slightly . 
 `` they 'll kill me , man . 
 they 'll just rip me apart and kill me . '' 
 `` look at me '' whispers jason . 
 jelfs ' head stays down , tears are dropping from his eyes onto the table , mixing with the blood . 
 `` look at me '' jason whispers again . 
 `` no , please '' whispers jelfs . 
 jason reaches forward , and gently puts his hand under jelfs ' chin , raising his face to be at eye level with jason 's . 
 `` i 'll kill you if you do n't tell me . 
 you understand ? '' 
 he whispers softly , in the silence of the room . 
 tears are flowing freely down jelfs ' stained , dirty face . 
 `` and i 'll do it now . 
 and painfully . 
 so i really think you should tell me . '' 
 jason shakes his head , ever so slightly , all the light gone from his eyes . 
 jason smiles , and slowly pulls the knife out of jelfs ' hand . 
 he moves his own hand , exposing and holding jelfs ' little finger , and with a swift , sharp movement , brings the knife down , leaving the finger severed , lying inert on the table . 
 jelfs does n't even scream . 
 he looks deep into jason 's eyes . 
 `` the village '' he whispers . 
 `` they 're a group called the village . '' 
 `` the village ? '' 
 echoes jason . 
 we look at each other , recognizing the name from the file on zoltan draman . 
 `` you know the village ? '' 
 jelfs sighs sadly . 
 `` i know 'em a little . 
 not much . 
 i ca n't tell you anything about them , please , please , they 'll kill me . '' 
 `` i thought we 'd clarified that particular point '' jason says , moving jelfs ' ring finger into position . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 screams jelfs , `` okay ! 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll tell you . 
 what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` everything you know '' says jason . 
 he 's intensely interested now , and i 'm not sure if this is good news that he 's not concentrating on the money , or bad news that we 're getting closer . 
 can this just be a coincidence ? 
 `` can i have a drink , please ? '' 
 asks jelfs . 
 jason looks at him and nods . 
 `` get him a drink '' he says to me . 
 he also digs out a rag from his endless pockets , and wraps it around jelfs ' still bleeding hand . 
 i pick my glass up , refill it and get another large vodka for jelfs . 
 shakily , using the hand that still has five fingers , he raises it to his lips and drinks it in one gulp . 
 `` i do n't know much about them , honest . 
 they 're really secretive . 
 listen , i 'm telling you the truth here . 
 they 're into all kinds of weird shit , you know , black magic , witchcraft , all that shit . 
 seriously . 
 they can do some strange stuff , they can make things happen . 
 they 're seriously fucking dangerous . 
 i ai n't lying to you . '' 
 he looks pleadingly at jason . 
 `` after i saw all that shit with mike and everything , you know , people can do stuff . 
 it ai n't lies . '' 
 jason nods . 
 he 's seen stuff too , i guess . 
 `` their sign is the pentagram , you know , like the pagan symbol , like the one i cut on his chest '' he nods at me , `` to scare him off . 
 i mean , jesus , the last thing i needed was someone poking around , the last thing i fucking need is them knowing that someone 's onto them . 
 that 's why i had a go at his girlfriend too . 
 he seriously did n't get the fucking hint . 
 because i tell you man , they 'll know . 
 they 'll fucking know . 
 jesus , they probably know we 're talking now . 
 what am i going to do ... '' `` shush '' says jason . 
 he looks at me . 
 `` he cut a pentagram on your chest ? '' . 
 `` erm , yeah , i guess '' i reply . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i forgot i guess . 
 no big deal . '' 
 `` jesus , mark , you always got to say everything , every detail , you never know what 's important . 
 let 's have a look . '' 
 sighing , i lift my t-shirt up to show him . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 asks jason , shaking his head . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 asks jelfs . 
 i look down at my chest and the pentagram 's gone , the only traces of it being the slight outline where the blade cut away my chest hair . 
 `` well that 's weird '' i say . 
 `` how long ago was this ? '' 
 asks jason . 
 `` erm , three or four days maybe ? '' 
 i say , uncertainly . 
 `` then , how ... ? '' 
 jelfs does n't say anything but his eyes search mine . 
 `` fuck '' says jason . 
 `` some weird fucking shit going on here . '' 
 he holds his hands under his chin . 
 `` right , i 'll come back to you '' he looks back at jelfs . 
 `` the village . 
 how do we find them ? '' 
 `` i only got one name . 
 just one . 
 that 's all . 
 please do n't make me give it to you . '' 
 `` you know that 's not going to happen . 
 and this is the name you gave john ? '' 
 he nods sadly . 
 `` i 'm waiting '' says jason . 
 `` richard marx . '' 
 he gives us an address and phone number . 
 then he sighs and studies his broken hand . 
 `` thanks martin . 
 good to talk to you . 
 be seeing you around . '' 
 jason nods at me . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 ***** `` so is there anything you want to tell me ? '' 
 it 's pitch black outside , the air has got cold as we 're sat in the darkness of jason 's car . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask nervously . 
 `` mark . 
 you 've been acting strange . 
 you seem to have forgotten everything . 
 a pentagram on your chest just suddenly disappears . 
 you lead me off on this wild goose chase about money ... '' `` it 's not a wild goose chase ! '' 
 i interrupt . 
 he sighs . 
 `` well , no , maybe not , but i seriously doubt there 's a pot of gold at the end of this rainbow . 
 this thing about john saying there was millions , i mean that 's just not true , is it ? '' 
 he 's looking straight in front of him , into the night , his face glowing red from the instruments on the dash . 
 i gulp . 
 `` well , maybe he did n't say there was millions , but he definitely said there was something valuable ... and he had something , did n't he , something he could sell to the village . 
 so that must have been what he meant . '' 
 i run my hands over each other , thinking what it would be like to have a knife pushed through one of them . 
 `` there 's something you 're not telling me . 
 there 's something wrong with all of this . 
 and i will find it out . 
 so you can tell me now , and we can talk it through , or you can wait . 
 and then we 'll see if i 'm feeling quite as generous as i am now . '' 
 i want to fall into the silence in the car . 
 the longer i wait , the less i can deny but i ca n't talk , i ca n't say anything , i do n't know how to get out of this . 
 i ca n't tell him , i really ca n't tell him , he 'll kill me , and what will i do then . 
 `` all right '' i sigh , `` all right . 
 it was n't exactly what i said . 
 i did n't mean to lie to you , it 's just when we got talking , i got confused , cos i 'm not really sure exactly what happened . 
 honestly . '' 
 i glance over at him but he 's still staring straight ahead , like he 's concentrating , like he 's trying to make his mind up . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` we were in the hospital , and this guy john paris , he was dying , he was delirious , right . 
 talking about all kinds of shit , that i did n't really understand . 
 but he kept , like whispering , they killed me , right , that 's what i remember , he kept whispering , they killed me . 
 and he mentioned mike a few times . '' 
 where am i going with this ? 
 `` well of course , i did n't know who mike was at the time , did i , but he kept going on about mike . 
 and he was saying stuff like mike 's the king , they want to kill the king , you 've got to help him . 
 and he was saying that they 'd reward me , that 's where i got the money thing from , he was saying help us out and i 'll reward you ... '' `` but he was dying ? '' 
 `` i know , i know , he was , but you know , he seemed so persuasive ... '' this is n't going well . 
 `` mark . 
 you 're making no sense . 
 seriously . 
 i do n't know what 's wrong with you . 
 we 've known each other for years , we 've been good friends , and i 'm giving you a lot of slack here . 
 most people i would n't . 
 most people would be minus a hand , or a foot , or a life , if i thought they were holding out on me . 
 but i am running out of patience . 
 so you either hold your tongue and pray for rain , or you tell me the fucking truth now . '' 
 he turns his head to look at me , we 're looking each other in the eye and i know that i 'm going to tell him . 
 just then martin jelfs ' house blows up . 
 `` jesus ! 
 shit ! 
 fuck ! '' 
 my lap is full of broken glass where the windows have blown in and i feel like the breath 's been sucked out of me . 
 `` what the fuck . 
 i mean what the fuck . '' 
 i look over at jason and his eyes are red , his face is white , and there 's a huge shard of glass embedded in his left shoulder . 
 his hand is gripping the edge of the shard and he 's cutting himself , the blood leaking down his top . 
 `` jason ... '' he looks over at me , dazed . 
 `` jason , are you all right . '' 
 he 's breathing shallow breaths . 
 `` jason , come on . '' 
 i reach forward gingerly and put my hand over his , slowly releasing his grip and moving his bloody hand away from the glass , he allows me to , he does n't react . 
 i take hold of the glass and pull at it gently , and it moves . 
 i pull a bit more and gradually it slides out of his shoulder . 
 i throw it through the empty windscreen and it smashes on the bonnet . 
 outside there is silence except for the sound of flames burning , licking the night air , and of course , sirens in the distance getting closer . 
 `` jason ! '' 
 i whisper fiercely . 
 blank . 
 i take a deep breath and slap him on the face . 
 `` jason ! '' 
 `` ouch ! 
 i mean , what the fuck motherfucker ! '' 
 okay , so it does work . 
 `` fuck , i 'm bleeding . 
 what the hell happened ... shit , give me a towel , there 's on in the glove box . '' 
 i open it and find a black towel in there , hand it over to him and he wraps it around his shoulder . 
 `` here , tie it in position . '' 
 i do my best but it 's kind of loose . 
 `` okay , all right , all right , fuck . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 he 's still breathing quickly but his eyes are shining . 
 `` what happened , mark ? 
 what the hell happened ? '' 
 `` erm , well , i think the house just blew up . '' 
 `` what ? 
 which house ? '' 
 `` well , jelfs ' i think . 
 seriously . '' 
 `` seriously . 
 fuck . 
 we need to get out of here . 
 right , come on , before anyone gets here . '' 
 he reaches forward to turn the ignition on . 
 `` ouch , shit , my shoulder , shit , that hurts . '' 
 `` jason , you ca n't drive like that '' i say urgently . 
 `` no ? 
 and how the hell else are we going to get out of here ? '' 
 `` well , for god 's sake , let me drive . '' 
 `` jesus . 
 you must be joking . 
 nobody else drives my car . '' 
 `` jason , come on . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 he scrunches up his face in concentration and grips the wheel . 
 the sounds of the sirens are getting closer . 
 the flames have spread to the next house along , just a few yards from where we are . 
 i look at it , fascinated , as the grass in the front lawn bursts into flame , spreading to the rotting wooden windows and the bricks . 
 nothing happens , there 's no movement anywhere in the house , there 's no movement on the street . 
 the heat is getting closer , making us sweat , the flames reflecting jason 's tired , jagged face in yellow . 
 the car lurches forward and smacks into a car in front , knocking us back into our seats . 
 sweat is running down jason 's face in buckets . 
 he slams the car into reverse and we shoot backwards , then bounce forwards again and jerkily move out into the street . 
 the noise of the sirens is really loud now , they 're about to arrive . 
 i look behind me to see a fire engine swerve into the street and rush forward , and jason slams his foot on the accelerator and we shoot off through the empty street and away . 
 he calms down as we turn a corner , then another , his movements becoming more steady , our driving at a slower pace . 
 `` jesus , jesus , jesus '' he 's muttering . 
 `` what the hell was that . 
 i mean , seriously . '' 
 he 's holding his hand over his wound , driving with the other . 
 `` who the fuck are these people . 
 jesus , how can they just , blow a house up like that '' `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he turns to me , a look of desperation in his eyes . 
 `` i mean , seriously . 
 the village . 
 we go round to jelfs ' house , he gives us some info and like , bang , he 's dead . 
 i mean , not just dead , i mean . 
 god , how could they do that . '' 
 `` you think ... they did it ? '' 
 `` of course they fucking did it ! 
 there 's no such thing as coincidence . 
 jesus . 
 how did they know we were there , how did they know he talked to us , how the hell did they just destroy his house . 
 i mean , who can do stuff like that . '' 
 he 's swerving across the road and i have to grab the steering wheel and help him get the car back under control . 
 `` jesus , christ , let 's get back home , then let 's talk . 
 i need to call the general . 
 he needs to know about this . '' 
 we 're out of the town now , back into the countryside , driving back to his house . 
 `` you do n't think we should go and find this richard marx ? '' 
 i 'm asking . 
 `` find out what he knows ? '' 
 the last thing i need is the general involved in this . 
 `` fuck , mark , what made you so brave all of a sudden ? 
 you 've seen what they can do . 
 you want my house to blow up suddenly ? 
 it 's all fucking mixed up , is n't it . 
 the village , draman , everything . 
 but how ? 
 shit . 
 let 's get back . 
 then we can think . '' 
 ***** jason pours alcohol directly into the cut in his shoulder , and i can see the pain flare up in his eyes , but his face does n't betray anything . 
 he gives me a pair of tweezers and makes me poke through the cut , looking for stray bits of glass deep in the flesh . 
 i find one , a tiny fragment , after minutes of work , and he gives a satisfied smile . 
 eventually we give up , and i help him put a bandage over it , wrapping it around his shoulder and securing it tightly . 
 he nods at me . 
 `` let me finish up here . 
 pour us a drink . '' 
 downstairs in the huge living room i find a dusty bottle of forty year old malt . 
 i prefer bourbon , but hey it 's been a strange day and this stuff looks interesting . 
 i pour two large glasses and set them down on the coffee table , and sit on the sofa , nursing mine , staring into the large , black television . 
 i 'm wondering again about this woman that i was supposed to have fallen for , just a strange , empty vision , but she keeps coming back to me . 
 she just sits on the edge of my memory . 
 why would i go to a group like that ? 
 for the love of a woman ? 
 it makes no sense . 
 `` it makes no sense . '' 
 jason 's voice behind me startles me and i look up , i had n't realized that he was here . 
 he 's not wearing anything above his waist , and there 's a tiny dot of red showing through the bandage across his shoulder . 
 he sits next to me and picks up his drink , drinks long . 
 `` right '' he sighs , `` let 's lay it down . 
 paris goes to jelfs because jelfs knows the village , and paris wants to get some help because of some woman . 
 so he 's lost touch with jelfs , but he gets his number from that woman patience . 
 ok ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` paris is a loser , never had a girlfriend , so for whatever reason this woman has lit his fuse , god knows why , but he 's kind of desperate when he sees jelfs . 
 jelfs feels sorry for him and puts him in touch with this group . 
 this same group that 's connected to draman , according to our research , and both are into this black magic stuff . 
 and believe me , from what i 've seen , it works . '' 
 he sighs and stares into the blackness of the tv screen . 
 `` what did you see , jason ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 `` in that room ... '' but jason just shakes his head . 
 `` believe me , i ca n't even explain it . 
 i just ca n't . 
 but i 've seen enough to know it 's there . '' 
 it 's cold in the room but there 's sweat running down his forehead . 
 `` jesus '' he gets up suddenly , `` i have n't set the security . 
 what am i thinking . '' 
 holding his shoulder , he walks across the shiny wooden floor of the vast living room towards the far end . 
 `` what else do you know , mark ? '' 
 he calls across his shoulder before disappearing into another room . 
 what else do i know ? 
 i look into the television set and its black screen as if there was something there , as if there was an answer there . 
 what else do i know ? 
 `` jason , i 'm john paris . 
 mike is my brother . '' 
 i say it out loud in my head , hoping that it will sound better . 
 `` jason , i 'm john paris , mike is my brother . 
 i think he played his magic on me . 
 he switched me into this body . 
 beyond that i do n't know what happened . '' 
 how will he react ? 
 he 'd understand , surely , he 'd understand that i do n't understand . 
 `` jason . 
 listen . 
 there 's something that i have to tell you . 
 but you have to promise me that you wo n't tell anyone about this , you do n't tell the general or sara marks or whatever , i do n't want to become one of her experiments , i do n't want my dick chopped off or anything like that , all right . 
 promise me ? 
 thank you . 
 well , it 's like this . 
 i 'm actually john paris . 
 i know , it 's mad , but it 's true . 
 it makes sense does n't it . 
 somehow i must have talked to mike , i must have found him and he must have ... . 
 anyway . 
 i do n't know where he is now . 
 i 'm sorry i lied to you . '' 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 jason is behind me again . 
 he looks pale as he sits down . 
 `` all the security is on . 
 i 've no idea if it will make any difference or not . 
 but we have to try . 
 get me another drink ... . 
 thanks . '' 
 he downs the whisky in one . 
 `` right . 
 what else do we know . 
 there 's mike paris as well . 
 he seems to look out for john but he 's also really dangerous . 
 and ... it looks like he 's into this shit as well , from what he did to his dad . 
 somehow he 's connected into all this , is n't he ? 
 what did you tell me ? 
 did n't john go and see mike after seeing jelfs ? '' 
 `` erm ... '' `` i 'm sure that 's what you told me , is n't it ? 
 paris contacts patience what 's her name , says needs cash and he 's going to see mike . 
 then what ? 
 then , paris disappears , and the next thing we know he 's dead . 
 but he had something . 
 he had some bargaining chip , something that the village wanted , because it sure as hell was n't cash . 
 so what did he have . 
 what did he have , mark ? '' 
 `` erm ... '' i gulp , `` i do n't know ? '' 
 `` get us another drink . '' 
 i lift the bottle from the floor by my side and fill both our glasses up again . 
 i light a cigarette , my hands shaking . 
 `` nervous , mark ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ... '' jesus . 
 what does he know , could he have worked it out ? 
 the signs are all there . 
 `` you should be . 
 i am . 
 god knows , if they knew he told us , then wo n't they come after us next . 
 right , got to keep a clear head . '' 
 he looks at the remainder of the whisky in his glass , shrugs , and throws it back . 
 `` god , my head hurts . 
 look '' he looks at me , `` i 'll go and see the general tomorrow . 
 first thing , you get through your police thing in the morning . 
 come back here . 
 we 'll go together . 
 we 'll tell him what we 've been up to . 
 he 'll understand . 
 then we 'll work out a plan with him . 
 all right ? 
 this could help . 
 we 've got a feed into the village . 
 it could help locate draman . '' 
 he sighs deeply . 
 `` i 'm going to crash out . 
 make sure you do too . 
 i 'll drop you off , quarter to nine at the station , get rob to give you a lift back , or get a cab , all right . '' 
 he gets up and winces in pain , and walks slowly to the large , open staircase leading to the bedrooms upstairs . 
 and i ca n't stop thinking about the woman . 
 i lie down on the sofa and try to sleep . 
 chapter 18 . 
 `` my man , mark forth ! '' 
 rob shady shakes my hand firmly . 
 `` how are you this fine morning ? 
 you look tired . '' 
 `` yeah , i did n't sleep too well last night . '' 
 `` ah , worried about the case . 
 i understand . 
 no matter , no matter . 
 it 's absolutely fine . 
 you just say as little as possible , do exactly what i tell you and we 'll be fine . 
 and we 'll go and celebrate afterwards . 
 deal ? '' 
 `` well , i have to get back , it 's kind of ... '' `` yeah , sure , of course , i understand , i 'll get you back . 
 no problem . 
 we 'll just have one drink , and i 'll drive you back myself , all right . 
 deal ? 
 good . 
 now , come on , let 's get going , we do n't want to be late for our friends do we ? '' 
 we turn to face the large , white , imposing building . 
 above the entrance door `` justice '' is written in stark black letters , but apart from that there 's nothing to indicate what the building is . 
 it 's starting to rain and rob looks up , holding his hands out to catch the drops . 
 `` ah , a good omen . 
 but i ca n't have it raining on my two thousand pound suit . '' 
 he walks briskly towards the main steps , and i scamper to follow . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 rob 's voice booms around the reception as he addresses a man , standing behind a desk , drinking coffee and looking bored . 
 the man looks at rob but does n't answer . 
 `` we 're here for an appointment with two detectives , mr. maker and mr. dredd . 
 at nine o’clock . '' 
 the man types something into his computer . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` this is mark forth , and i am his legal representative , robert shady . '' 
 rob smiles and holds out his hand . 
 the man ignores it . 
 `` a shady lawyer ? '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` just wait over there , i 'll see if they 're around . '' 
 there are no seats in the empty reception so we stand , close to the glass doors , looking out as the rain is starting to lash down , and the wind is blowing hard through the bushes on the other side of the street . 
 `` you know , it may have been slightly to your advantage if you had n't come in the clothes you appear to have slept in . '' 
 i turn round to rob and he 's smiling . 
 i look down at myself , ripped jeans , dirty t-shirt , and think , yeah , maybe he does have a point . 
 `` and , just for next time , of course , if there is a next time , it may have also helped had you had a shower and even a shave . '' 
 i rub my hand over my stubble . 
 `` yeah , erm , sorry , like i say , it was a weird day . '' 
 `` ah ! 
 a weird day ! 
 of course . 
 you actually said you did n't sleep well last night , not that it was a weird day . 
 and no matter . 
 we will be fine . 
 it 's just , in this game , every little detail can help . 
 so if you ever find yourself in this kind of predicament again , my friend , a shower , a shave and a change of clothes may be helpful . 
 that 's free advice , i wo n't charge jason for that . '' 
 he winks at me . 
 `` they 're ready for you '' says the man , `` come over here please . '' 
 rob grabs my arm and makes sure he walks half a step in front of me . 
 the man hands him a white plastic card , with the number 301 stamped on it . 
 `` take the lift to the third floor , take a right . 
 you 'll see some doors . 
 put that card in the key slot of door 301 and let yourselves in . 
 make yourselves comfortable '' he chuckles , then turns back to his computer . 
 rob raises his eyebrows but says nothing . 
 the lift is clunky and slow as it ascends . 
 the sound of the wind and the rain is so loud you can even make it our here , and the lift feels jerky , like the whole building is being buffeted by the strength of the storm . 
 the door slides open to reveal a small corridor , painted grey , with a threadbare grey carpet . 
 lots of doors lead off the corridor , each with a number , and we have to walk a few steps to see the door on our right with the number 301 painted on it in black . 
 rob gives me a look and slides the card into the slot . 
 the door clicks and i push it open . 
 we enter a large , white room , and the door clicks shut behind us . 
 there 's no slot , no key , no handle on this side and rob raises his eyebrows . 
 in the centre of the room is a small wooden table , painted white , surrounded by four wooden chairs , painted white . 
 `` i guess we better sit '' says rob , smiling . 
 `` good morning , gentlemen '' says a voice i recognize . 
 i 'm not sure where they 've come from but maker and dredd are standing in the corner , and they walk in unison towards us , sitting opposite us at the table . 
 `` mark '' smiles maker , `` good to see you again . 
 i see you 've brought your lawyer , mr. shady . 
 probably a wise move . 
 how have you been ? '' 
 dredd stares at me but says nothing . 
 `` erm '' i start . 
 `` he 's fine '' cuts in rob , quickly . 
 `` could we have some coffee , please ? '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 coffee . 
 that may be a bit of a problem this morning i 'm afraid . 
 you see , we 're a little short staffed this morning . '' 
 `` short staffed '' nods dredd . 
 `` that 's right '' smiles maker . 
 `` big incident last night . 
 quite surprising . 
 caught us by surprise , actually . 
 i got called in , nine o’clock . 
 a real shame . 
 i was just settling down to watch a movie with ... '' `` film '' interrupts dredd . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asks maker , surprised , turning to him . 
 `` film '' says dredd again . 
 `` it 's a film . 
 movie is an american word . 
 you would n't even have to know that to work it out . 
 only the americans would do something crass enough to use a word like that , would n't they . '' 
 `` good point . 
 sorry . 
 we were just settling down to watch a film , when i 'm called in . 
 everyone called in . 
 justin as well . 
 they needed our expertise , you see . '' 
 `` that 's right '' nods dredd . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 they glance at each other , and rob puts his hand on my arm , shaking his head slightly . 
 `` you mean you do n't know ? 
 where were you last night ? '' 
 smiles maker . 
 `` actually , do n't answer that , we 'll have to ask you properly later . 
 did n't you see , in the sky , a massive fire ? 
 seems like a house just , well , exploded , last night . 
 destroyed completely . 
 over on belvoir terrace . 
 you know it ? '' 
 `` erm '' i start `` no comment '' says rob . 
 `` i like that '' smiles maker , `` no comment , that 's good . 
 neither confirm nor deny . 
 very clever . 
 you must be a good lawyer . '' 
 rob bows his head slightly . 
 `` anyway , where was i ? 
 that 's right , belvoir terrace . 
 this house , number fourteen it was , just explodes , no warning . 
 one man inside , dead as a dodo , i 'm afraid . 
 fried to the bone , if you can say that . 
 can you say that ? '' 
 `` it 's an unusual way of saying things '' muses dredd . 
 `` i would say something more like fried to a crisp , that might be more appropriate . '' 
 `` good , good , yes , well , fried to a crisp . 
 the fire took out most of the houses on the street , actually . 
 spread really quickly . 
 looks like a war zone there , it 's quite impressive . 
 took a few snaps for the album , i could even pretend i was in gaza or somewhere like that , showing it to my friends . 
 it was that bad . 
 if you have n't seen it , you should drive down that way afterwards . 
 have a look . 
 get rob to take you , he 's a lawyer , he 'll have a nice car . 
 do you have a nice car , rob ? '' 
 rob shady looks up . 
 `` it 's mr. shady , actually . '' 
 `` aaah , relax rob , we 're all friends here . 
 nothing to worry about , just a police interview with a suspect . 
 anyway , i like your style , avoid the question , change the subject . 
 very good . 
 i knew you were a good lawyer . 
 soon as i saw you , soon as you stepped in the door , i thought , now , there 's a good lawyer . 
 mark 's done well for himself . 
 that 's good . 
 we like people doing well for themselves , do n't we , justin ? '' 
 `` unless they 're criminals '' whispers dredd . 
 `` good point . 
 good point '' nods maker happily . 
 `` unless they 're criminals . 
 in which case , we like to apprehend them . '' 
 he rests his chin on his hand . 
 `` now , where was i ? 
 yes , that 's right , the explosion last night . 
 luckily , no one else died , there were a few burns and broken arms and suchlike , but nothing too serious , nothing fatal . 
 was n't that lucky , justin ? '' 
 `` i guess '' says justin , `` unless they 'd been criminals '' . 
 he gets up and walks over to the far wall . 
 `` good point , again . 
 my partner is very sharp . 
 you see , if they 'd been criminals , and they 'd been seriously hurt , or even , died , well that would have saved us a job would n't it . 
 taken some of the criminal element off the street . 
 made lives easier for the hard working people of this town . 
 would n't you agree ? '' 
 he beams at me . 
 `` erm '' i say . 
 `` my client has no comment '' says rob and maker smiles . 
 `` of course he does n't . '' 
 dredd walks back with a white tray , carrying four white mugs and a white pot . 
 he puts it down on the table . 
 `` justin ! '' 
 exclaims maker , `` i do n't know how you managed to do that , but you 've done us proud . 
 thank you , my friend . 
 now , i 'll be mother . 
 how do you like your coffee ? 
 black ? 
 good , we do n't have anything else . '' 
 he pours four cups and gratefully i take a sip , something to relieve the headache and the hangover from last night . 
 it tastes about the same as the hospital coffee . 
 `` anyway '' continues maker happily , `` we do n't know the cause of the explosion , but , between us '' he whispers and leans forward conspiratorially , `` we do n't think it was an accident . 
 that 's right , we think it was deliberate . '' 
 he leans back . 
 `` now do n't tell anyone , that 's not public knowledge , but that 's what we think . 
 you see , we have eyewitness reports of two people leaving the very house that exploded , only minutes before , and getting into a red sports car . 
 unfortunately we do n't have the number plate , nor do we have great descriptions of the potential murderers , but we are on the look out for them . 
 and it would be safe to assume that they are probably looking tired , disheveled and worried right now . 
 would n't you agree , justin ? '' 
 `` absolutely '' nods dredd . 
 `` a little like forth here '' he nods at me . 
 maker glances at me and chuckles . 
 `` yes , yes , good point justin , exactly what i would have imagined . 
 would n't that be a wonderful coincidence ? 
 we 're here to interview you about the mutilation of your girlfriend ... '' `` ex-girlfriend '' interrupts dredd . 
 `` sorry , of course , ex-girlfriend '' laughs maker , `` and you turn out to be one of the people that murdered our poor victim last night . 
 well , that would save us an awful lot of paperwork , would n't it ? '' 
 `` not to mention probably get us a promotion '' dredd smiles for the first time . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 asks maker , turning to dredd excitedly . 
 dredd shrugs . 
 `` i imagine so . 
 if we solved the case that quickly , not to mention landed it on a loser like this guy , well , the sky 's the limit , i expect . '' 
 `` excellent point ! 
 really excellent point . 
 so , mark '' he says , turning to me , `` were you one of the two people seen leaving number fourteen belvoir terrace last night , at about nine o’clock , just before the explosion that killed the poor man inside ? '' 
 `` erm '' i say . 
 `` whoa , whoa '' interrupts rob . 
 `` that 's not what we are here to discuss . 
 i 'm afraid i ca n't allow you to pursue this line of inquiry '' `` hey , hey my friend '' says maker , `` no need to get all lawyer-ish on us . 
 we 're just friends here . 
 and it 's a simple question . 
 unless of course , you do n't want to answer it '' he looks at me . 
 `` unless , of course , you have something to hide ... ? '' 
 i 'm running my fingers into each other , i can feel the sweat on my face , i ca n't even look at him . 
 `` my client has nothing to hide '' says rob , firmly . 
 `` only that you brought him here to discuss the circumstances surrounding his girlfriend 's unfortunate accident ... '' `` you mean his ex-girlfriend 's unfortunate mutilation '' snarls dredd . 
 `` ... and '' continues rob , ignoring him , `` in the spirit of cooperation , we would like to discuss that . 
 not some other , completely separate matter in which my client is clearly not involved and appears to be solely a means for furthering your careers ... '' `` what 's wrong with furthering our careers ? '' 
 asks maker . 
 `` yeah , what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 echoes dredd . 
 `` we 'd just like to be able to afford suits like yours '' says maker `` that 's right , instead of shitty clothes like his '' says dredd , nodding at me . 
 `` and a beautiful car each '' says maker `` with a beautiful woman '' adds dredd `` a beautiful woman each '' says maker , `` just so we 're clear . '' 
 `` yeah , we 're friends , but not that good friends '' adds dredd . 
 `` so '' smiles maker , looking at me , `` do you have an alibi for last night ? 
 could you confirm exactly where you were , please ? '' 
 `` we are not discussing last night '' says rob , firmly . 
 `` if you want to discuss last night , get another interview set up , and then we 'll see . '' 
 `` oh , but why ca n't he just tell us where he was '' moans maker . 
 `` i mean it '' snarls rob . 
 maker shuts his eyes and sighs . 
 `` very well . '' 
 dredd shakes his head . 
 `` witness uncooperative . 
 lawyer unhelpful '' he mutters , writing something on his pad . 
 `` we were only kidding , do n't worry . '' 
 maker laughs . 
 `` what on earth would he be doing there last night . 
 we 're just overworked and over tired . 
 you know how it is . 
 we just like to have a little fun , is all . 
 `` yeah , a little fun '' echoes dredd . 
 `` we could maybe go for a drink together . '' 
 `` so ... let 's talk about vanessa '' says maker . 
 `` unless , of course , you want to tell us ... '' `` vanessa clark '' says rob firmly . 
 `` my client has prepared a statement that he would like me to read for him . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 good ! '' 
 maker cheers up visibly . 
 `` this will be interesting , wo n't it justin . '' 
 dredd sniffs . 
 `` a pack of lies , i expect . '' 
 `` well , yes , granted , that 's a probability , but that wo n't make it any less interesting , will it ? '' 
 maker smiles . 
 dredd grunts . 
 `` let 's hear it then '' rob clears his throat , reaches into the jacket pocket of his suit and pulls out a neatly folded piece of paper . 
 he unfolds it carefully , smoothing out the folds with his finger , and puts it on the table in front of him . 
 from another pocket he takes out a black glasses cover , and clicks it open , putting on a pair of serious looking glasses . 
 `` ahem '' he starts . 
 `` my client , mark forth , wishes it to be known that this is a fair and accurate representation of the events that took place on april 16th and 17th , xxxx , with regard to himself and his ex-girlfriend , vanessa clark . 
 on the evening of april 16th , my client visited the pub , the five stars , by himself , because he was slightly thirsty . 
 he arrived at the pub at about nine thirty in the evening . 
 he was also upset because , earlier that evening , he had had a row with miss clark . 
 the row had , unfortunately , culminating in the ending of their relationship , which had caused mr. forth much distress because he was still deeply in love with her . '' 
 `` bollocks '' says dredd , looking disgusted . 
 `` unbelievable '' says maker . 
 rob peers over the edge of his glasses at them , and carries on . 
 `` during this row , miss clark had let it be known that she had been seeing someone else whilst still with mr. forth ... '' `` a pack of lies ! '' 
 shouts dredd , banging his fist on the table . 
 `` completely untrue '' snarls maker . 
 `` in fact , it appears , after some research , that she had actually seen several people over the course of her long relationship with mr. forth ... '' `` she 's innocent ! '' 
 screams dredd . 
 `` you 'll hang for this ! '' 
 shouts maker . 
 `` however , in the last few months , it had been one particular person she was seeing . 
 mr. forth had been suspicious for a number of months -- secret phone calls , texts late at night , sudden disappearances ... '' `` none of it can be proven ! '' 
 dredd 's shaking with rage . 
 `` we 'll destroy you ! '' 
 maker adds , incandescent . 
 `` however , it came to a head that day . 
 on the afternoon of 16th april , after just having returned from a long , hard shift at the hospital , doing his best to look after and support ill people , mr. forth felt he had to confront miss clark about the reality of the situation . 
 it was a long , difficult discussion , but miss clark , to her credit , did admit what she had been doing . 
 she told my client that it was over between them , and that she was leaving . 
 my client , completely distraught , drank heavily for the next few hours ... '' `` you 'll pay in hell '' shrieks dredd . 
 maker has laid his head on the table and is weeping openly . 
 `` ... until he finally decided that he needed to get out of his flat , and so he walked down to the five stars , his local pub . 
 he continued drinking there , drowning his sorrows . 
 he was especially upset to meet some people he knew , and struggled to make conversation with them for a half hour or so ... '' `` they 'll deny it ! 
 they 'll finish you ! '' 
 shouts dredd . 
 maker has his eyes closed . 
 `` ... until they left . 
 my client , mr. forth , continued to drink , and was about to leave , head in his hands , when he received a phone call from miss clark . 
 she was in her apartment , and she was crying , clearly because she was very upset ... . '' 
 `` because that bastard had left her ! '' 
 screams dredd , getting up , pointing an accusing finger at me . 
 `` from what my client could understand , she felt that she had made a very great mistake , and that she was missing him , and she wanted to reconcile and make amends . 
 well , you can imagine , my client was over the moon , he wanted to kneel down and throw his arms in the air and thank the lord ! '' 
 `` thank the devil more like ! '' 
 roars dred . 
 `` but he controlled himself , and , of course , because he had been drinking , he walked to miss clark 's flat . 
 it took him about forty five minutes . 
 he left the pub just before midnight and arrived at the flat at about twelve forty . 
 he rang the bell , and miss clark let him in . '' 
 `` ah , finally , he 's going to admit it '' sighs dredd . 
 `` the man does have a conscience after all '' nods maker . 
 `` they sat up for about half an hour , talking . 
 miss clark came clean about all the relationships that she had had during their time together '' `` not more lies ! '' 
 yells dredd . 
 `` i told you ! '' 
 shouts maker . 
 `` clearly , she had been drinking too , and she was struggling to keep control of herself '' `` because she had been cheated by that piece of scum ! '' 
 shouts dredd . 
 `` trash not even good enough for the dump ! '' 
 screams maker . 
 `` having talked to a number of her friends and independent witnesses , i have established that miss clark has quite a violent temper ... '' `` more lies ! '' 
 shouts dredd . 
 `` she 's an angel ! '' 
 weeps maker . 
 `` ... which can be triggered very easily . 
 having also talked to a number of the people she had relationships with over the time that she was with my client , they confirm that , in the main , the relationships ended because they were scared of her ... '' `` i 'll burn both of you at the stake ! '' 
 dredd screeches . 
 maker has taken a knife out and is cutting his own left arm . 
 `` ... and , unfortunately , during the time they were talking , her temper came to the fore again . 
 whilst mr. forth was trying to reason with her , and trying to establish some common ground for them to walk on , she took out a sharp knife ... '' `` like this one i 'll use to disembowel you both with ... ! '' 
 shouts dredd , holding up maker 's knife . 
 `` ... and tried to attack my client with it . 
 unfortunately , during the resulting fight , the knife slipped , and miss clark only succeeded in severing half of her left ear . 
 my client was deeply distressed by what had happened ... '' `` not as deeply distressed as he 'll be when he has no bowels left ! '' 
 screams dredd , waving the knife . 
 `` you 'll be in prison for life '' screams maker , holding his bloody left arm up . 
 `` ... and he tried hard to help miss clark recover , and begged her to call the ambulance . 
 miss clark lashed out at him , instead , and shrieked at him that she would kill him . 
 he begged and begged , even offered to try and help her stop the bleeding . 
 but she ignored him , pushed him away , even spat at him . 
 she then went over to the wall , and wrote ` ask mark ' on it in her own blood . 
 he tried to stop her , and vainly in his confusion tried to rub the words out . 
 she snarled at him , and unfortunately my client remembers the exact words ` get out of that one , you cocksucking loser ! ' 
 , at which point , scared for his own safety , my client ran out of the apartment and ran home . 
 and that , gentlemen , is exactly what happened . 
 and i do believe that you ca n't disprove any of it . '' 
 rob slowly , deliberately , takes his glasses off , puts them back in the case , puts the case in his jacket , and leans back in his chair . 
 `` do you have any more coffee , please ? '' 
 maker and dredd do n't say anything , there 's looks of shock and disbelief on both their faces . 
 `` we have dna evidence '' mumbles dredd , unconvincingly . 
 `` ah , yes , your dna evidence . 
 proving what , exactly ? 
 that my client spent time in her apartment ? 
 ok , we 'll give you that ? 
 that he touched the blood on the wall ? 
 yes , whilst trying to stop her writing . 
 that he handled her ear ? 
 absolutely , in the course of trying to help her . '' 
 rob smiles . 
 `` i guess there 's no more coffee , mark . 
 perhaps we should go . '' 
 we both get up , turn and walk back to the door . 
 `` we 'll find something ! '' 
 screams dredd behind us , `` whatever it is , we 'll find something and we 'll make it stick ! 
 you 'll be sorry you messed with us ! '' 
 `` hmmm , let me add that to my list . 
 trying to frame a suspect . 
 very serious '' rob smiles as we get to the closed door . 
 he waves his hand , it slides open and we walk back out into the corridor , the door closing behind us and shutting out the screams and shouts of the policemen . 
 i 'm about to speak as we take the lift downstairs , but rob gives me a look that silences me . 
 we walk through the vast reception , and rob says `` thank you very much '' to the man at reception , who does n't even look up . 
 the storm has stopped as we walk outside , but it has left its mark , trees have been uprooted , fallen onto the road , cars have been moved around and thrown against each other . 
 i look back at the building and it has survived unscathed , the only damage seems to be that the ` justice ' sign has been dislodged , and is hanging lopsidedly by the j , sunlight glinting on its black letters . 
 rob 's car is completely untouched as we get in . 
 `` well , that was fun '' he smiles , `` did n't i do well ? '' 
 `` you know , i was thinking '' i start , `` what if they talk to jane and jonathan that i saw at the pub , i did n't say anything to them about feeling down or anything , and i think i may have even ... '' `` do n't worry , my friend '' rob says , starting the engine and pulling out into the empty street , `` it 's all taken care of . 
 i talked to both of them last night . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` of course i did . 
 never leave a single avenue exposed . 
 that 's critical . 
 jonathan was easy , he seems to rather like you . 
 in fact , he intimated that you and he may have a ... '' he waves his hand suggestively . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 i say quickly , and he laughs . 
 `` well , whatever it is or it is n't , he seemed very keen to say or do anything that i asked him to help you out . 
 it may help , though , if you , maybe , went out for a drink with him or something ? 
 i took the liberty of giving him jason 's address , so he could pop round and have a cosy chat with you . '' 
 `` thanks '' i say , closing my eyes , `` and jane ? '' 
 `` ah , jane , yes , lovely lady . 
 we hit it off straight away . 
 she seemed to have , shall we say , a few more reservations about you , said that you had been acting strangely for the last few weeks . 
 well , who could blame you , i said , the pressure you 'd been under , the revelations about vanessa , the fights , the accusations . 
 she was very sympathetic . 
 said you should have told her , she 'd have understood . 
 i told her about your interview this morning , and she was moved that you had n't wanted to worry her about it . 
 she said you should take the rest of the day off , at least . 
 come back when you are ready , tomorrow or the next day . 
 she 'll cover things for you . 
 ah , jane , such a lovely lady . 
 well , she invited me out for a drink tonight , and i must say that i am genuinely looking forward to it . 
 we have so much in common . '' 
 `` you 're going out for a drink with jane ? 
 but how ... '' i look over at rob , in his sharp suit , with his chiselled good looks . 
 maybe i should have jumped into his body , i find myself thinking . 
 not jealous at all . 
 `` yes , a drink , tonight , and much more , i expect '' he winks at me , `` i think we both understood that straight away . 
 i really would n't worry about going to work tomorrow , '' he says reaching over and patting my knee , `` i think she may be away with the fairies . 
 right , what are we going to do now ? 
 i know , i know , you need to be getting back to jason , but we should at least have one drink first , am i right ? 
 that was a very productive meeting and we should celebrate . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , yeah , just one drink ... '' ***** `` i 'll give you a lift back now '' rob slurs . 
 `` just one more drink ? '' 
 i say . 
 we 've moved to sofas from the high bar stools because it was too hard to stay upright . 
 `` no , no , no , we ca n't '' says rob sadly . 
 `` jason 's texted me five times . 
 he 's said if you 're drunk he 's going to kill me . '' 
 `` i 'm not drunk ! '' 
 i get up , then i sit down again . 
 `` of course you are n't , but jason , he 's my friend , and i do n't want to die . '' 
 `` ah '' i wave , `` he 's always saying that , he 's always trying to kill me . '' 
 `` lies ! '' 
 laughs rob , pointing unsteadily at me , `` lies ! 
 it would never stand up in a court of law ! '' 
 `` a bit like you ! '' 
 and we both start laughing again , falling back into the sofa . 
 `` but i want to understand more about justice ... '' i moan . 
 `` well , what more do you want to understand ? '' 
 `` well , like , all that stuff you told those policemen , right ... '' `` messrs maker and dredd , those fine upstanding gentlemen . '' 
 `` yeah , them , that was all bullshit , right ... '' `` shhhhhh ... . '' 
 whispers rob theatrically . 
 `` right , yeah , exactly , but it got to , you know , the right outcome ... '' `` and justice was served . '' 
 rob puts his glass down decisively . 
 `` except , maybe , well ... '' rob leans over me and looks at me hard . 
 `` well , what , my friend ? '' 
 `` well , you know , van , now they think she shags everything that moves ... '' `` so she 'll have gone up in their estimation '' i scratch my head , ca n't quite get that one . 
 `` well , okay , maybe , but then the real culprit was n't brought to justice . '' 
 rob puts his hand on my knee . 
 `` he was n't ? 
 from what i understood , he is now at one with the ether . 
 and justice for all . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` you see , my friend , you have to trust the system . 
 there may be some slight , well , irregularities , along the way , but no system is completely perfect . 
 ours just needs to be , shall we say , regulated , by tough , professional people , like , well , like myself , to ensure that the right outcome is achieved , no matter what obstacles are thrown in our path . 
 one just needs to step back , to keep focused on the bigger picture , and to make sure that everyone is rewarded in the right way . 
 our little case here is a perfect example . 
 a woman , in this case , vanessa is hurt . 
 but she 's not the only one . 
 you , my friend , you were hurt too , in the name of love , because of her cold heart ... '' `` well , no , not exactly ... '' `` shush . 
 keep focused . 
 some vultures , in this case , the police , more precisely , detectives maker and dredd , sense some vulnerability and are keen to exploit it . 
 they have no proof that you did this , and yet they are determined to bring you down . 
 they see you as a lost , vulnerable soul , and they ... '' `` well , i 'm not that vulnerable ... '' `` there there . 
 of course you are . 
 they see a lost , vulnerable soul , and they think , excellent , a chance for a quick resolution , no matter where the evidence points , and a chance to further their careers . 
 you see ? 
 their motives are n't quite as pure as the layman may expect . 
 and not only that , but our friend mr dredd even sees the opportunity to lay his dirty hands on the sweet , vulnerable girl that has been hurt ... '' `` i thought you said that she was cold hearted ... '' `` details ! 
 details ! 
 detective dredd not only wants to frame you for a crime that you did not commit , he also wants to take advantage and get himself some , well , as they say , action , for the same price . 
 as the common man would say , to have his cake and eat it . 
 you see ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , i guess ? '' 
 i 'm feeling quite confused . 
 `` that , my friend , is why people like myself are so important . 
 what was important in this case ? 
 tell me ... '' he says , jabbing his finger into my chest . 
 `` well , to erm , prove that i was innocent ? '' 
 `` exactly ! 
 well , yes that was important , but also important was to make the small people in the police realise that they have absolutely no power to corrupt the system . 
 that they will continue to be paid a pittance , live in small houses , wear cheap suits , and see their cars blown across the road with every gust of wind , no matter how hard they try . 
 you understand ? '' 
 `` erm ... i guess ... '' `` and in order for that to happen , people like me need to be paid an awful lot of money , so that the best and the brightest become lawyers , and are able to keep them in check . 
 so that we can go into those rooms , and tell them whatever we like to tell them , true or not ... '' `` it was n't true ... '' `` will you stop focusing on the details ? 
 please ? '' 
 he wipes his hair out of his face . 
 `` the point is not whether it 's true or it 's not true . 
 that is not the point at all . 
 the point is that they know they have no way of disproving it . 
 they know that i have won . 
 and they look at me , in my expensive suit , and watch me drive off , in my frankly fabulous car , and they know that they have lost . 
 and they know that they will always lose . 
 and that some day , they will have to accept it . 
 and yet ... '' he looks down at his empty glass . 
 `` oh , we 've run out of drinks . '' 
 `` and yet ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 he looks back up at me . 
 `` oh ? 
 yes , and yet , they carry on trying , and you know why ? 
 because it 's all they can do . 
 they do n't know how to do anything else . 
 and that is as important as everything else , if not ... and i mean this ... if not more important . '' 
 `` it is ? 
 could we get just one more round in ? '' 
 i 'm feeling thirsty again . 
 `` of course it is ! 
 because if they give up , and they do n't do anything , then all the little people will start wondering why . 
 and if they start wondering why , well , then they may want to do something about it . 
 and if they start doing something about it , then it may imbalance the system . 
 and if the system becomes imbalanced , well , who knows what would happen ... '' he starts fishing in his pocket for something . 
 `` people would start to rebel ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what ? 
 no , well , yes , maybe , they would , maybe they would . 
 but they would also stop paying me and then , well , then ... oh my god , is that the time , jason will kill me ! '' 
 `` just one more drink ? 
 i still do n't completely understand the justice system '' i say , hopefully . 
 `` no , no , no , i 've got to stop this '' says rob , `` james ! '' 
 he shouts , `` james , come over here , my good man . 
 bring my friend a sober pill and a glass of water . '' 
 `` and a little cocaine ! '' 
 i shout after james . 
 `` shush ! '' 
 whispers rob , theatrically , `` we do n't need to ask him for that , we have enough ourselves . '' 
 he shakes out his packet into two lines on the table . 
 we 've lost our straws and so i lick one of the lines into my mouth . 
 `` how does that taste ? '' 
 asks rob , and i laugh . 
 james is standing next to us again , holding a tray with a glass of water and a solitary white pill on it . 
 `` these really work ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` of course '' says james without changing his expression . 
 `` they are amazing '' says rob , and so i shrug , put the pill in my mouth and swallow . 
 chapter 19 `` there , there , there you go . 
 we 're here . '' 
 i look up at jason 's house , it seems caught in the fading light for a moment , silhouetted starkly against the trees . 
 i look back at rob , sat in the driving seat of his sports car . 
 i kind of realise that it 's been an interesting ride , me sobering up every minute as we drove out here , and him , high on cocaine and alcohol , swerving to miss imaginary deer and , i think , dragons , on the way . 
 but we 're here ok , and that 's the main thing . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to come in ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , no , not at all . 
 people to see , policemen to bait . 
 have fun , and oh ... . 
 if you ever decide you want to retrain as a lawyer , well ... forget it . '' 
 he winks at me , and shoots off back down the drive . 
 i walk over to the entrance of jason 's house , push the heavy oak door open and go inside , hoping that this trip to see the general will go all right , or at least that i will survive it . 
 the living room is completely empty and i walk into the centre and look around , guessing jason must be upstairs . 
 `` jason '' i call . 
 it feels strange , i realise , being completely sober in the afternoon . 
 there 's no reply and so i start walking towards the staircase . 
 `` jason ! '' 
 `` hello john '' says a voice behind me . 
 i stop , and very slowly turn around . 
 at the other end of the living room there are three people standing together . 
 i must have missed them when i first came in , though i 'm not entirely sure how . 
 the person in the middle is jason , and he has a worried look on his face . 
 to his right is a woman , very smart , not exactly beautiful but she has something and i know i 've seen her before , and to his left is a man , small but well built , muscles bulging out of his black t-shirt . 
 he looks young but old , with black hair and a brown , battered face , wearing an expression that is half way between mean and terrifying . 
 it 's him who speaks . 
 `` why do n't you have a seat , john ? 
 in fact , why do n't we all have a seat . 
 that would be nice . 
 let 's all sit down . '' 
 they all move and sit on the armchairs , in unison , and i follow , sitting on the sofa , looking warily at the man . 
 and i 've only just realised that he 's called me john . 
 `` so how have you been ? '' 
 the man smiles . 
 `` it 's been ages since we saw you last . '' 
 `` erm ... '' i hesitate . 
 `` i 'm , erm , not sure i remember ... '' `` mark ... '' jason says urgently , `` is it true ? '' 
 i look over at him . 
 `` is what true ? '' 
 `` is it true that you 're actually john paris ? '' 
 i shrug , and smile weakly . 
 `` well , kind of , i guess '' `` jesus '' he says , wearily and slumps back into his sofa . 
 `` well that explains a hell of a lot . 
 like why you could n't remember anything , why you 've been acting like such a jerk . '' 
 `` erm , yeah , sorry '' `` you 've let us down , john '' says the man again . 
 he 's holding a knife in his left hand , slowly rubbing it up and down his right arm . 
 `` i have ? '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` i 'm afraid so . 
 we had a deal , remember ? 
 and it was very important that you kept your side of the deal . '' 
 `` and ... '' i say , hesitantly , `` i did n't ? '' 
 `` well , no , john , you did n't . 
 you disappeared , and then you died . 
 it was very annoying . 
 at first we thought your death was an accident , an unhappy coincidence , shall we say , but we realised quickly enough that it was n't . 
 that in fact , you had , let us down . 
 that you chose not to follow your part of the deal . 
 and we do n't like that at all , you know . 
 we really do n't . '' 
 he 's tracing figures on his arm with the knife , studying it carefully as he talks , and finally he looks up at me . 
 `` erm , well , you see , my memory , it 's kind of gone ... '' he chuckles . 
 `` of course . 
 where are my manners . 
 my name 's richard marx . 
 it 's good to see you , john paris . '' 
 he leans forward and holds out his hand , and tentatively i shake it . 
 `` richard marx ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 the name rings a bell . 
 `` the village '' whispers jason . 
 `` he 's from the village . '' 
 of course . 
 the name that jelfs gave us before he , well , blew up . 
 i gulp . 
 `` and you remember nadia ? '' 
 marx asks , glancing across at the woman . 
 i follow his eyes , and she looks bored , distracted , filing a fingernail without looking up . 
 `` we last saw each other at the funeral '' she says . 
 `` your funeral . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 of course ! '' 
 i smile . 
 `` you had quite a thing for nadia '' smiles marx . 
 `` of course , she is good looking . 
 but with you it went further . 
 i think you actually thought you loved her , though god knows why , you did n't even really know her . 
 i think it must have been your upbringing , if i 'm honest . 
 i think you were just needy , and she came along . 
 but then what am i , i 'm not a psychologist , i do n't understand these things . 
 never really got love , seems like a waste of time to me . 
 anyway . 
 how 's mike ? '' 
 `` mike ? '' 
 i ask , nervously looking at the way he 's tracing the lines on his arm , the way he starts to draw blood . 
 `` yes , you know , mike , your brother '' he 's still not looking up . 
 `` or , as i think jason here calls him , zoltan draman . '' 
 `` erm , well i do n't know , i have n't seen him for years ... '' `` yeah '' says marx slowly , `` you see i 'm not entirely sure that 's true . 
 i 'm pretty sure that you saw him recently . 
 very recently , in fact . '' 
 `` i did ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 you see we , that is , you and i , we had a deal . 
 i think i mentioned that before . '' 
 i nod nervously . 
 `` do you remember the deal that we had ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 i shake my head nervously . 
 `` well , it was very simple . 
 let me explain it to you . 
 michael paris used to be part of our group , in fact , quite an integral part . 
 he worked with us on developing a lot of the systems and techniques that we have perfected over the last few years . 
 he was good , in fact he was very good , and we worked well together as a team . 
 we could have had the world at our fingertips . '' 
 he glances up at me and i look away . 
 `` but ... '' says jason marx looks wearily across at him . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` but how does ... '' he fades out , like he 's not entirely sure what he wants to ask . 
 like , how does it all work , is it really magic ? 
 well maybe jason 's seen it , but i have n't . 
 i do n't think so at least . 
 marx studies his arm , studies the thin lines of blood and slowly with his right finger traces across the lines and puts his finger to his lips . 
 `` how does magic work ? 
 is that what you want to know ? '' 
 he does n't look at us , and neither of us reply , the question hanging in the air . 
 he sighs . 
 `` it 's here all around us . 
 all we need to do is to know how to harness it . 
 modern tools , modern medicine , they break things down , need to understand the mechanics of every little thing , and that 's their problem . 
 they entirely miss the point . 
 look at that vase over there , '' he nods and we both turn to look at a clear vase , half full of water , holding some black , dying flowers . 
 he stares at the vase and it 's like his eyes are changing , going black , like he 's not there anymore , then his eyes close and suddenly the flowers burst into flame , shrivel and die , the burning leaves falling into the water . 
 `` wow '' says jason , so quietly i can hardly hear . 
 `` it 's all there , all you need to do is know how to touch the air around them , how to feel it , how to join with it , and then it 's all yours . 
 just close your eyes , reach out and touch . '' 
 there 's silence in the room . 
 nadia lights a cigarette , and looks bored . 
 `` we were almost there '' he continues , quietly . 
 `` mike paris and i , in control . 
 together we had gone so much further . 
 together we had discovered things that even the ancients had n't , we had discovered what ... such a breakthrough . 
 we had the world . 
 he and i . 
 we had the world . '' 
 nadia looks over at him , as if she 's noticing us for the first time . 
 `` darling '' she says softly . 
 he looks over at her , and his hands are trembling . 
 he looks at jason , and then back at me . 
 `` but then , something went wrong . 
 do you know what that was ? '' 
 `` no '' i whisper . 
 marx lets the knife drop and leans forward in his chair , bringing his face close to mine . 
 `` he betrayed us '' he whispers . 
 `` he betrayed us and he left , with the keys and the secret to our greatest invention . 
 can you work out what that invention was ? '' 
 `` no '' i say quietly . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake , mark '' says jason , `` even i worked that out . 
 this everlasting life bullshit ... this ability to ... '' `` it 's not bullshit '' spits marx angrily . 
 `` it 's incredible . 
 the capacity to release the essence of a person from his or her body , and place it in someone else . 
 the capacity to live indefinitely , to move between one body and another , the capacity to escape death . 
 it is the ... ultimate . 
 and mark paris stole it from us . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry '' i whisper . 
 `` ha ! 
 yes , you 're sorry ! 
 well thank you for that . 
 not sorry enough , though , as it appears . 
 our deal , john , was that you would bring mike back to us . 
 we knew you could . 
 even though you were weak and stupid , even though he did n't particularly like you , he looked out for you . 
 and all you had to do was go and see him , tell him you were in trouble and you needed his help , and he would come back with you . 
 and then we would have him . 
 we provided everything for you , we had it all set up , and you agreed to do it . 
 you came to us . 
 you offered him up to us . 
 and then you let us down . '' 
 `` but ... '' i start , `` why would i agree to betray my own brother ? '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 laughs marx . 
 `` for all sorts of reasons . 
 maybe you hated him , because he was always the one who everyone loved , he was always the one in control , and you were just a snivelling wreck . 
 maybe because he let you take all the beatings from your dad , whilst he danced around it . 
 maybe because he left , he escaped , he set himself up and became incredibly rich , whilst you lived in a sad , dirty bedsit . 
 maybe for any of those reasons . 
 but also because we could do something for you , something that you really wanted . '' 
 `` you could ? '' 
 `` her ! '' 
 shouts marx , waving the knife at nadia . 
 `` her ! 
 you were in love with her , and she barely noticed you . 
 you were desperate , you would do anything . 
 and you knew we wanted him . 
 we could give her to you . 
 we could make her fall in love with you , just like that '' he clicks his fingers `` and you , you were so desperate , that you would do anything for that to happen . '' 
 i look over at nadia , she 's still studying her nails , i do n't know if she 's listening but she 's not paying any attention . 
 i wonder what it would be like to be in love with her , but i ca n't even begin to imagine . 
 `` but ... '' says jason tentatively . 
 `` surely something like emotion , like love is different ? 
 you ca n't just control it ? '' 
 he looks down at his hands , fidgeting with them . 
 i 've never seen him so uncertain . 
 marx laughs . 
 `` love is easy . 
 love is nothing . '' 
 nadia glances up at him . 
 `` oh , you cynic '' she says in a gravelly , erotic voice . 
 i feel a rush of , well , something , in my stomach . 
 she smokes her cigarette casually , gracefully , looking out at the vast windows onto the vast landscape beyond . 
 marx glances up at me . 
 `` love is nothing . 
 just a reaction . 
 just electrical impulses in the mind , travelling from one place to the next . 
 all it is , that 's all it is , the mind telling the body to feel sick , to feel weak , to feel an understanding , to feel a connection . 
 just random electrical signals , controlled in some way . 
 all we have to do is intervene slightly , to provide the connection , to let the electricity flow . 
 and then you 'd do anything . 
 anything at all '' he says , half laughing , `` and for what . '' 
 he lets the words hang in the air . 
 `` of course , the weaker you are , the better , the easier it is to change those paths . 
 we do n't need people like you '' he says quietly , looking at me , resuming the tracing , the endless tracing of the knife blade on his arm . 
 we 're all silent for a while , marx humming very softly under his breath as he watches the blood . 
 i look down at my hands , shaking slightly , and look over at nadia , again . 
 i do remember her , i think . 
 i do remember her . 
 from then . 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 asks jason softly . 
 `` what happened '' snarls marx , back with the knife in his hand , back tracing bloody shapes on his arm , `` was that we gave john here everything he needed . 
 he went off in search of mike , but we never heard back from him . 
 until , of course , we read that he had been attacked , beaten in an alleyway . 
 but not to death . 
 to within an inch of his life . 
 we were n't sure if this was just a coincidence , or part of the procedure , so we kept an eye on what was going on . 
 and when we saw both of you paying a little visit to our friend mr jelfs , it confirmed our suspicions that this had really happened . 
 that john 's essence had transferred to this mark forth . '' 
 `` erm , because ... ? '' 
 i ask . 
 marx sighs . 
 `` i have to spell it out . 
 the procedure , as far as we are aware , works in a way that it loosens the essence of the person from his or her body . 
 and when that person is killed , or dies , he does n't die for a period of time , a few days , a couple of weeks , we think . 
 during that time , the essence can transfer to someone else , and that person 's essence goes into the dying man 's body . 
 so , it would appear that mike and john here made another deal , instead , and mike carried out this procedure on john , sent him back , and arranged for him to be beaten up . 
 john died in the hospital and became mark forth . 
 and so , let us down badly . 
 and now , my friends , it 's time to pay . '' 
 he puts the knife down and looks at me . 
 i look at jason . 
 `` sorry '' i say , but jason 's not listening . 
 `` but listen ... '' jason says quickly , `` we have our best team working on finding draman , i mean , mike . 
 if we get him for you ... '' marx laughs . 
 `` mike paris , zoltan draman . 
 the greatest engineer in the history of humanity . 
 the man with magic at his fingertips . 
 you 'll never succeed . '' 
 `` but '' jason says , a look of desperation on his face , `` i thought you and he ... i mean , i thought it was both of you , not just him , i mean ... '' marx does n't look up . 
 `` yes , it was '' he says , slowly . 
 `` it was . 
 it was us . 
 brothers together . 
 united in one . 
 finding the secrets together . 
 changing things . 
 but it was him who stumbled on the greatest secret , it was him who started to unlock it first . 
 it could have been me , it could have been me , of course it could , but i would n't have gone . 
 i would n't have betrayed him . 
 but he could n't see beyond , he could n't see the possibilities , he was too wrapped up in himself . 
 motivated by greed . '' 
 `` look ... '' says jason , `` please . 
 the man i know , he 's seriously powerful . 
 i mean , he knows about some of this stuff too , he showed me ... '' marx 's head snaps up . 
 `` he does ? '' 
 he asks warily . 
 `` what did he show you ? '' 
 `` all kinds of weird shit '' says jason , shaking his head . 
 `` half humans , half animals . 
 people who could kill with a look . 
 people growing old , shrivelling up and dying , all in a second . 
 people with green blood , people with a third eye , people ... '' he 's talking quickly , the words tumbling in desperation from his mouth . 
 `` all right '' says marx slowly , `` maybe some of the basics , he knows . 
 and he 's after mike ? 
 why ? '' 
 jason glances at me . 
 `` well '' he sighs , `` have you heard of a band called four ways west ? '' 
 `` no '' says marx . 
 `` no ? '' 
 repeats jason . 
 `` the most successful band on the planet , ever ? 
 songs like ice cream heart and the keys to my everlasting love ? 
 you must have heard of them ... '' `` i do n't pay much attention to popular culture , i 'm afraid '' marx replies . 
 `` it rots the mind '' nadia adds . 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 shouts jason , excited . 
 `` that 's exactly it . 
 you see , basically , our covenant is to destroy this band , because of the harm that they do to our children . '' 
 `` a very noble pursuit , i 'm sure '' nadia says , not looking up . 
 she touches the cigarette to her lips in a delicate , graceful motion , hardly inhaling . 
 `` we apprehended and isolated each individual member of this band , and we were about to execute them , were n't we , mark . '' 
 i give a slight nod , not really wanting to get into this , `` when we discovered that they had been seen by draman , and had had the , well , procedure ... '' marx looks up , interested . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` pretty sure '' nods jason , excitedly . 
 `` so we isolated them , locked them up and went in search of draman . 
 you see '' he leans forward in his chair to marx , `` this is critical to us . 
 we have devoted so much time , in some way our lives , to doing this , that we must find draman . 
 and the general ... '' `` the general ... ? '' 
 interrupts marx . 
 `` rather a grand name '' says nadia , bored . 
 `` yes , well , he 's our leader , he has huge resources and power , and he will bring draman back to us . '' 
 marx has stopped cutting himself . 
 he 's studying jason . 
 he looks over at nadia and she glances up at him and gives an almost imperceptible nod . 
 marx coughs to clear his throat . 
 `` maybe we should meet this man , the general , and agree a way forward . 
 provided we can agree terms that are satisfactory to us , we 'll potentially let you live . '' 
 jason sighs , relieved . 
 just then jason 's phone rings . 
 he glances at the display , and picks up quickly . 
 `` yes , general ? 
 yes , i understand . 
 all right , right away . '' 
 he puts the phone down and looks at marx . 
 `` we have him '' he says . 
 `` we have mike paris . '' 
 marx smiles . 
 `` well , that was quick . '' 
 and then the doorbell rings . 
 everyone glances at each other , uncertain who this could be . 
 before we can do anything , the heavy door swings open , and a face emerges from behind it . 
 `` afternoon chaps . 
 i was wondering if mark was around ... i have n't interrupted anything have i ? '' 
 `` oh for fuck 's sake '' i say under my breath . 
 it 's jonathan . 
 chapter 20 marx has insisted that jonathan joins us , and he 's sitting uncomfortably close to me in marx 's large car , two in the front , three in the back , with jonathan in the middle and edging closer and closer to me as we move . 
 he grips my arm , `` oh , this is jolly exciting '' he says , smiling , and i shake my head . 
 who uses the word jolly , really ? 
 on jonathan 's other side is the sensual , enigmatic nadia , jonathan 's ignoring her as she looks forward , alone , uninterested . 
 marx and jason are in the front , jason navigating , giving the barest minimum of directions . 
 we pull up outside the abandoned warehouse , and marx regards it suspiciously . 
 `` this is it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 jason nods . 
 `` we 're hardly going to advertise , are we ? '' 
 nadia touches marx 's arm . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 come on '' she says and we walk together to the hidden entrance , which is open . 
 instead of blackness this time we can see inside , a large room opening up , and the general standing there , arms behind his back , cigar in his mouth , with two guards , dressed in black , one on either side , both holding serious looking weaponry . 
 the general nods at jason , gives me a look and then focuses on marx and nadia , standing side by side , almost touching , silent . 
 `` you better come in '' says the general , gruffly . 
 we 're all in a large , unfurnished metal room somewhere deep inside the building . 
 despite the warmth outside , it 's utterly freezing in here , and i keep having to wrap my arms around my chest to keep warm , though no one else seems to notice . 
 there 's a large , oak table in the middle of the room , and the general motions all of us to sit down . 
 we end up like adversaries , marx and nadia on one side , jason , me , and for some reason jonathan on the other side . 
 the general sits at the head of the table , and the click , click , click of shoes reveals sara marks , appearing from the darkness at the edge of the room . 
 she nods at jason , and takes a seat at the other end of the table . 
 the guards stand by the general , looking forwards , motionless . 
 `` well '' says the general , putting his hands face down on the table , `` it seems that we have a situation here . '' 
 he 's looking at marx . 
 marx does n't look up as he talks . 
 `` not really . 
 it 's quite simple . 
 we had a deal with mr john paris here . 
 he broke the deal . 
 we will make him pay . 
 and also mr friedmann , who appears to have helped mr paris along the way . 
 you can do a deal with us if you like , by giving us mike paris , in return for , shall we say , reducing the punishment for paris and friedmann . 
 i believe you have mike paris with you . '' 
 the general looks questioningly at jason . 
 jason raises his eyebrows . 
 `` mike paris is zoltan draman . '' 
 `` ah '' says the general . 
 `` and john paris ? '' 
 jason nods at me . 
 `` that 's him . 
 at least , you know , his essence , transferred to mark . 
 that 's why he 's been acting so weird recently . '' 
 `` so you ... have gone through the process ? '' 
 sara marks is looking at me . 
 i nod , uncomfortably . 
 `` and you did n't think to tell us ? 
 and you did n't think to mention it ? '' 
 `` well , er , it got a bit complicated '' is all i can manage . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 says the general . 
 `` that 's certainly true . 
 and i take it draman , or mike paris , is actually your brother ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` yes , that 's right '' sighs jason . 
 `` he is . '' 
 sara nods . 
 `` which would explain why he is refusing to talk to anyone except for you . '' 
 `` so '' says marx , `` do we have a deal ? '' 
 the general puffs on his cigar and looks over at marx . 
 `` look . 
 this guy '' ne nods at me , `` you can do what you like with . 
 not my concern . 
 jason , you leave alone . 
 and you can have draman as soon as he reverses the procedure on four ways west . '' 
 marx looks at nadia and she puts her hand on his and glances at me . 
 he nods . 
 `` ok , that 's fine . '' 
 `` hang on a minute . '' 
 that 's me this time . 
 the general looks at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks , curtly . 
 `` well , what about me ? '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 asks marx . 
 he has his knife out again , he 's lain it in front on him on the table and he 's looking directly at me . 
 `` well ... '' i start . 
 `` he has a point '' says sara . 
 `` if he 's the only guy draman talks to , then we 're not going to get very far without him . 
 and , if he really has had the procedure then ... '' `` it will be hard to destroy him '' nods marx . 
 `` well , what do you suggest ? '' 
 he asks , looking at sara . 
 `` what procedure ? '' 
 asks jonathan . 
 `` mark , are they going to hurt you ? '' 
 he grabs my arm . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll look after you . '' 
 we all turn and look at him , it 's like we 'd forgotten he was there . 
 i 'm not entirely sure what to say . 
 `` shut the fuck up '' says jason . 
 that seems to work . 
 sara taps her fingers on the table . 
 `` all right , look '' she says . 
 `` if i understand it right , you want revenge on draman because he walked out on you , taking this secret with him . 
 he 's unlikely to give it up easily , so you may get revenge on him , but you wo n't find out how it works . 
 am i right ? '' 
 `` i 'm listening '' says marx . 
 `` we '' says sara , nodding at the general , `` we could find that sort of power very useful too . '' 
 nadia laughs . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 everlasting life ? 
 what a surprise . '' 
 sara sighs . 
 `` yeah , all right , fine . 
 but look . 
 we have serious facilities and resources here . 
 let 's work together . 
 we have mark forth here who has actually been through the procedure , we can investigate , we can experiment , we can find out how it 's done ... '' `` okay ... '' says marx . 
 `` and we 'll do a deal with you '' she says , looking at me . 
 `` let 's say , three months . 
 you help us out here . 
 then after that you can go free . 
 for that , all you have to do is convince your brother to reverse the procedure on the band . 
 we 'll take the rest from there . '' 
 `` and we get mike paris ? '' 
 marx asks . 
 `` once he 's reversed the procedure , yes , you can do to him as you see fit '' sara replies . 
 `` so ... i have to betray my own brother ? '' 
 i ask . 
 marx laughs . 
 `` well , you 've done it once already . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 says jonathan suddenly , `` i know mark . 
 he 's a kind , decent , loving person . 
 he would n't do that . 
 there has to be another way . '' 
 `` who the hell is this guy ? '' 
 asks the general . 
 `` he seems to be paris ' boyfriend '' says marx . 
 `` mike paris is gay ? '' 
 asks sara . 
 `` no , no , no , this guy here , john paris '' sara turns to me . 
 `` you 're gay ? '' 
 she asks , surprised . 
 `` no ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` no . 
 it was just once ... and it was n't even me . 
 it was mark forth when he was , erm , mark forth . '' 
 `` so you do n't love me ? '' 
 asks jonathan . 
 he grips my hand , but he looks crestfallen . 
 `` well '' i reply flustered , `` erm , no , not really . '' 
 he looks down . 
 `` oh '' he says in a flat voice . 
 `` all right . 
 i understand . 
 at least you 're being honest . '' 
 he looks over at the general . 
 `` can i go now , please ? '' 
 the general and sara look at each other . 
 `` best you stay with us for the time being '' says sara and she glances at the guards . 
 they step forward and take an arm each of jonathan 's , hauling him upright with surprising ease . 
 `` but ... '' says jonathan , `` mark ... mark ? 
 help me ? 
 please ? '' 
 as they walk him towards a door in the far wall . 
 `` erm '' i say to no one , to anyone who 'll listen . 
 `` what are you going to do with him ? '' 
 sara smiles . 
 `` we 'll find some uses , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` but you 're not going to harm him ? 
 i mean , he did n't really do anything ... '' the general gets up . 
 `` the world is full of people that did n't really do anything . 
 that is hardly the point . 
 now , we need you to talk to your brother . '' 
 ***** `` now '' says sara , as she and i are standing together alone , in a small room , just off the main room that we were in . 
 it 's slightly warmer in here , but it 's dark and airless and sara seems more like a bunch of shadows than anything else , her voice coming out at me from the dark . 
 `` you 're clear what you need to do , right ? 
 just get him to reverse the procedure on the band . 
 nothing else . 
 understand ? 
 do n't mention anything about the deals , nothing about the village , nothing about you . 
 if you need to , tell him that we 're threatening you and unless he reverses the procedure we 'll lock you up forever . 
 nothing else . 
 you understand ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you understand ? '' 
 she asks again , and i realise that she ca n't see me either . 
 `` yes '' i croak . 
 `` okay . 
 good . 
 you 'll be alone in the room together . 
 he 's shackled to a chair so he ca n't move . 
 and we can hear exactly what 's going on , so you just stick to the script if you want to make it out of here . '' 
 `` just three months ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` just three months '' she says . 
 `` you have my word . 
 now go . '' 
 the wall in front of me seems to disappear , and i step into it . 
 and find myself there , face to face with my brother mike . 
 he gives me a broad smile . 
 `` hello john . 
 good to see you . 
 have a seat . '' 
 `` it 's freezing in here '' i say . 
 the room is small and dank , stone walls with moss growing at the edges , like a medieval prison . 
 there are no doors , no windows , nothing , except for me , mike , a rickety wooden table and two chairs . 
 mike 's feet are in irons , tied to the floor underneath the table , and he 's wearing rags , old clothes completely falling apart , and the smell that comes from him , from all around , makes my stomach turn , it 's like sewage . 
 but his skin is brown , tanned , his hair thrown back casually and he 's smiling , looking happy . 
 `` it 's not freezing '' says mike . 
 `` it 's one of the side effects of the process i still need to nail down . 
 sometimes temperatures can seem more extreme than they are , it 's something to do with the body getting used to the new personality . 
 i think it wears off after a few months , but of course we need to check . 
 have a seat . 
 you 're looking well . '' 
 tentatively i step forward and sit on the chair opposite mike . 
 he looks happy and relaxed , not like someone who appears to be a captive . 
 `` they can hear everything we 're saying '' i whisper , hoping that it wo n't get picked up by the microphones . 
 but mike just chuckles . 
 `` no they ca n't . 
 they ca n't hear anything . 
 that is so easy to control . '' 
 he leans forward . 
 `` do you think i 'm a prisoner here ? 
 really ? 
 these shackles , i can get out of them anytime i want , they really have no idea . '' 
 `` but ... then why are you here ? 
 how did they catch you ? '' 
 i say , confused . 
 he nods his head . 
 `` john ... it is good to see you , but you were always so slow . 
 i 'll tell you , i 'll explain it to you . 
 but first things first . 
 i just want you to know i do n't blame you , all right . '' 
 he speaks softly , kindly to me . 
 he looks down at me , and his eyes are soft , his eyes are clear . 
 there 's some stirring somewhere inside me , some memory that i ca n't quite reach , it 's only half there , something about the fire in his eyes and the fear in mine , something i really ca n't place , but it 's not there , it 's gone . 
 `` for betraying you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` is that what you mean ? '' 
 `` yes of course '' he laughs . 
 `` you do n't remember do you ? 
 that 's another thing , i think , that i 'll need to work on , what 's the point of living forever if you ca n't remember anything . 
 and some memories get confused , changed . 
 things happen and they disappear from your mind , or change into something else . 
 whole episodes in your new life vanish , or become something different . 
 let me ask you , do you remember anything ? 
 from before , i mean ? '' 
 `` well , erm , bits and pieces i guess . 
 and what people have told me . 
 that 's all . 
 am i really immortal ? '' 
 my voice sounds hollow , like it 's from somewhere else , like i 'm from somewhere else , staring at this scene . 
 two brothers reunited , sitting in a cold and lonely cell . 
 `` in a manner of speaking . 
 yes you are . 
 it does n't stop your body from ageing , from dying , although it does seem to speed up the healing process significantly . 
 i 'm not sure why that is . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 because if your body is dying , your spirit becomes free and you can transfer it to someone else . 
 and their spirit is trapped in your old , dying body . 
 clever is n't it ? '' 
 he winks . 
 `` oh . 
 right . 
 wow . 
 so i can get another body ? '' 
 i ask , looking down at myself . 
 `` yes '' he laughs , `` yes you can , if you want to . 
 not happy with what you have ? 
 hmmm , i can see that , a bit dull , a bit drab , a bit sensible . '' 
 `` hey '' i shout playfully , and for an instant there 's something between us , like some remembered bond , but then it 's gone . 
 `` and you and marx invented all this ? 
 how , i mean , how ... '' `` ha ! 
 this is richard marx . '' 
 he leans sideways and spits on the stone floor , then looks up at the ceiling and winks . 
 `` it was me , it was all me . 
 marx tagged along for the ride , thought it would be cool to give us a name , but he never did anything , he never worked any of this out . 
 without me , he would have been nothing . 
 that 's why i left in the end . 
 i got bored . 
 he was happy with all the pyrotechnics , with all the little stuff , but there was more , so much more . 
 and he did n't get it . 
 all he wanted was an easy time , all he wanted was money . 
 well , he made enough , but he never saw the bigger picture , he never saw the scope of what we had , what we could do . 
 for me , it was always so much more than that . '' 
 `` but ... you made money too . 
 four ways west ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` well , a man 's got to eat . 
 and it seemed like fun . '' 
 mike sighs , and looks down . 
 `` i really do n't blame you . 
 i can understand it . 
 you were the one who always took the crap , you were the one who never really had anything . 
 i do n't blame you for wanting your revenge , for wanting to pay me back . '' 
 `` for leaving ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , not so much for leaving . 
 it was too late then . 
 for everything else . 
 for the crap you took when we were kids , for the beatings that dad gave you , for the way i escaped , for the way that i got everything and you got nothing . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i understood , straight away , when you came to see me , that it was a trap . '' 
 `` and what happened ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` fair play to you , john , i credit you , you did n't just jump ship straight away . 
 you 'd made a deal and you wanted to stick to it . 
 but we talked it through . 
 i think you understood me in the end . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` and what were you doing it for ? 
 love ? 
 seriously . 
 i mean , seriously . 
 granted , nadia , she had something about her , something , i do n't know , exotic , sensual . 
 and she was kind to you , she did n't just laugh at you . 
 but what do you do ? 
 i mean , yes , it 's easy to make her love you , that 's the easy bit . 
 just change the way the air flows around her . 
 but you know what would happen ? 
 one day she wakes up , and she decides it 's all over , she decides to move on , and it 's like none of it ever happened , it 's like you never even existed . 
 anything , everything you shared , just gone , she 'll just cast it away , even as it burns inside you . 
 do n't touch it , john . 
 all it will do is burn you . '' 
 i gulp , suddenly i 'm feeling very warm . 
 `` she was kind to me ? '' 
 i ask , but mike just looks sadly at me and shakes his head . 
 `` forget it , john . 
 forget it . 
 it 's nothing , it means nothing . 
 you 'll understand eventually . 
 i know it 's hard . '' 
 we sit there in silence for a minute . 
 `` you understood when we met , john . 
 you got it . 
 you got it then . '' 
 nadia 's image is somewhere there , in the back of my mind , something , maybe i can hold onto . 
 maybe . 
 i do n't feel cold anymore , at least . 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 i ask . 
 mike nods . 
 `` what happened then is that we agreed you would n't betray me . 
 and we agreed that i would carry out the process on you . 
 you 'd return home , and i would have one of my contacts assault you , get you into hospital , which triggers it to start working . 
 i have contacts in the police , too , so it made it easy for them not to follow up on your assault . 
 then , when you were in hospital , you 'd move into the body of someone else , and it would be fine . 
 then i would come back and tie up loose ends . 
 and here i am . '' 
 i look around . 
 `` this is tying up loose ends ? '' 
 i ask , kind of surprised . 
 mike smiles . 
 `` of course it is . 
 you think i got captured by that bunch of losers under that quasi fascist dictator the general , i mean what a name , you think that i could n't have escaped that easily . 
 no , of course i could . 
 but i wanted to come back . 
 and i wanted to get close to marx , and see him through for good . 
 he 's protected quite well , and this was an easy way to get him close to me . 
 and ... '' he looks down `` i wanted to see you . '' 
 now he glances at me , tentatively . 
 `` so , can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` sure '' `` what 's it like ? '' 
 `` what 's what like ? '' 
 i ask , confused . 
 `` to be in someone else 's body . 
 what 's that like , i mean what does it feel like ? '' 
 i do n't know how to answer this . 
 i ca n't really understand it myself . 
 `` well , it feels ... i do n't know . 
 it feels like i 'm free , i guess . 
 you know . 
 i do n't know how to explain it , but almost like , i do n't own this body , i do n't need to worry about what happens to it , i can stand back , i can step back , and i can just see things differently ... '' he looks at me curiously . 
 `` and ... '' i continue . 
 `` there are some weird visions . '' 
 `` what visions ? '' 
 `` well ... there 's this woman . 
 sometimes i hear her , sometimes i see her , sometimes i just feel her . '' 
 `` oookay '' mike leans forward , attentive . 
 `` what does she look like ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm not really sure . 
 like she 's on fire . '' 
 mike nods . 
 `` you 'll ride the night with her '' he says softly . 
 `` but ... who is she ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i think you know '' he says , looking down . 
 and we fall into silence for a little while . 
 and then i smile . 
 `` so here we are '' i say . 
 `` here we are '' nods mike . 
 `` just like old times '' i laugh . 
 mike joins in . 
 `` yes ! 
 just like old times . '' 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 `` well , now , we tie up loose ends . 
 what did they ask you to talk to me about ? '' 
 i explain about the band , four ways west , and the quest to destroy them . 
 and then the plan to hand him over to marx , and the plan to put me to use as a medical experiment . 
 `` and they want to destroy this band , why , because they write sweet songs ? '' 
 he asks , confused . 
 `` but it 's so much worse than that ! '' 
 i say , what i 'm saying , not sure why i 'm quite so passionate about it . 
 `` i mean , listen to some of their lyrics ... look , there 's one that goes and if ever you find yourself thinking of me look up my dear , into the eyes of the sea close your pretty eyes and make a wish and you 'll find me at the end of a beautiful kiss '' `` wow '' says mike , nonplussed . 
 `` i see what you mean . 
 that 's bad . 
 i mean , kiss and wish do n't even rhyme . 
 and the word pretty is just , well , horrendous . 
 and they feed this stuff out to young kids ? '' 
 `` all the time '' i nod , sagely . 
 mike sighs , putting his hand over his mouth , looking at me , thinking . 
 `` and this is important to you ? '' 
 i nod again . 
 `` well , i guess i could reverse the procedure . 
 it 's bad for business , i mean , i ca n't have people finding out that i would do this , but then , i 'm thinking it 's time to move on in any case . 
 okay , you can tell your general mate that i 'll reverse the procedure . '' 
 `` what then ? '' 
 `` okay , who was with you ? '' 
 `` well , there 's the general , sara marks and jason . '' 
 `` right . 
 the general and marks i know . 
 they 're a waste of space but i 'm not really too bothered by them . 
 except they were going to feed you to the lions , so to speak . 
 i could destroy them if you wanted ? '' 
 `` erm , well , no , that 's fine '' i say hesitantly . 
 `` just so long as they leave me alone . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe , but then i do n't really want them knowing about me . 
 it can become hard work , everyone thinking that they want a piece of you . 
 maybe i 'll let him kill this band , then destroy him and marks . . 
 what about this jason guy ? '' 
 `` jason ? 
 well he was all right , he looked out for me . '' 
 `` okay , well i 'll try and leave him alone . 
 okay , my friend , you leave now . 
 tell them you 've convinced me to do this thing . 
 tell them i have to be in the room with the general , sara marks , richard marx and these band guys . 
 no one else . 
 i 'll take it from there . '' 
 `` but how will you get round them ? 
 round marx ? 
 he blew up a house , just like that ... '' `` marx ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he 's an amateur . 
 it 'll be fine . '' 
 he winks at me , and then lays his head down on the table , closing his eyes . 
 not knowing what else to do , i get up , and walk back to the wall where i entered . 
 chapter 21 . 
 `` you 're sure now ? '' 
 asks the general . 
 i nod , again . 
 `` why do we all have to be in the room together ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's just what he told me to tell you . '' 
 `` it 's a trap '' says marx . 
 `` it 's obvious . 
 the microphone did n't work , he did n't want us to hear what you were saying . 
 he thinks he can destroy us all . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 says the general , turning on me . 
 `` is it a trap ? '' 
 `` nooooo '' i say quietly . 
 `` no , he agreed to do this . 
 i do n't know why else he had to do this stuff . '' 
 `` it 's all right '' says marx . 
 `` i 'll handle it . 
 put him in a room with me and these band guys , and i 'll make sure he delivers . '' 
 `` but he said ... '' i start , worried . 
 `` never mind what he said . '' 
 he turns to marks . 
 `` put him in a room with the band guys , and i 'll join him . 
 i 'll take it from there . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` whatever you say '' . 
 she gets out her phone , and murmurs some instructions into it . 
 `` right '' she says , `` we 're having him moved now . 
 come with me . '' 
 as they start walking , she says to him `` you better get this right , marx '' but he just laughs . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 they walk on together in silence , disappearing through a small door towards god knows which part of this building . 
 the general raises his eyebrows at me . 
 `` well , i guess we should have a drink '' he says , `` not much else we can do . '' 
 that is a very good idea . 
 the three of us sit silently at the large wooden table , each with a large glass of whisky in our hands . 
 the general keeps glancing nervously at his phone . 
 i 'm wondering how annoyed mike will be when he finds out we did n't do what he asked . 
 jason is silent , pensive . 
 behind us , the same two guards stand alert , immobile , by the entrance door . 
 `` perhaps i should call sara '' says the general . 
 but he does n't do anything . 
 jason starts drumming the table with his fingers , looking up at me occasionally . 
 i swill the remainder of the whisky in my glass , looking down into it , wondering what happens next . 
 the general picks up his phone , taps a few keys , puts it to his ear for a second , then drops it . 
 he turns to one of the guards . 
 `` you '' he says , `` go and find out what 's happening over there . '' 
 the guard nods , clicks his heels together and walks purposefully in the direction that sara and marx went . 
 `` another drink ? '' 
 asks the general . 
 he does n't wait to answer , but leans over and fills our glasses . 
 his hands are shaking slightly . 
 the whisky touches the back of my throat , stings it and i close my eyes to enjoy the feeling . 
 jason has stopped tapping , he rolls the whisky around his glass , not drinking . 
 he takes a deep breath and looks at me . 
 `` where 's nadia ? '' 
 he asks . 
 me and the general look at each other , but we do n't have a chance to answer . 
 the centre of the table suddenly changes , comes alive , and we all sit back , startled . 
 it turns a deep blue and flashes a couple of times , and i realise that it 's a screen , built in there , made to look like antique wood . 
 it flashes again and then an image appears . 
 it 's sara marks , down to her shoulders , but she looks awful . 
 her hair , her raven black hair is singed and red , there are streaks of blood on her face and her hand is clutching her right shoulder . 
 she 's panting , out of breath . 
 behind her there are just lights , red and blue , flashing brightly and quickly . 
 there are flashes , white light , like lightning , streaking across the room . 
 and there 's smoke , so much smoke everywhere . 
 the noise is deafening , harsh , heavy blows , crashes and bangs , shuddering and scraping . 
 `` jesus , help us '' shouts sara , and her face is gone , as something flies across where she was , some torn , deadly piece of metal , flashing colours in the light . 
 and then she 's back , holding on to the screen , and we can see a huge gash in her shoulder , blood pouring out but she needs to use both hands to steady herself , she can only let herself bleed . 
 `` jesus , can you hear me , help us , please ! 
 it 's all gone to hell in here ! '' 
 she screams . 
 the general leans across the screen , `` what happened ? 
 what the hell happened ? '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` god knows ! 
 i do n't know ! '' 
 she pants , the life draining from her face . 
 `` draman , he did this thing with the band , and then him and marx , they kind of ... i do n't know . 
 they 're all dead ! 
 they 're all fucking dead ! 
 everyone started dying , then everything started exploding . 
 please , for god 's sake , help me , i 'm dying here ! '' 
 `` just open the door ! 
 use the emergency code ! '' 
 jason 's screaming too , his whole body shaking like a leaf . 
 `` i ca n't ! 
 i ca n't ! 
 it does n't fucking work ! 
 you 'll have to get down here ! 
 open it from the outside ! 
 now ! 
 please ! '' 
 the general looks at us . 
 jason 's up on his feet . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he says , grabbing the general 's arm . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 the general 's looking at him , but he 's not moving . 
 `` but what ... we do n't know what 's in there ... '' `` we 'll have to take the risk ! '' 
 shouts jason . 
 `` you ca n't just let her die ... '' `` no , no , no , we ca n't do it , it 's too dangerous '' the general 's shouting , shaking , holding his whisky glass , trying to bring it to his lips , but he ca n't . 
 `` we 'll have to evacuate . 
 must start the emergency procedure ... '' he looks round , confused , sees the guard , starts walking towards him , but jason grabs him , holds him back , `` we 're not leaving without them ! '' 
 the lights in the room start flickering , off , on , off on , off . 
 it 's pitch black for a second then they come back on , unsure , flickering all the time . 
 `` nadia ! '' 
 we all turn back to the screen at sara 's voice . 
 `` nadia ! 
 open the door ! 
 please ! 
 open the door ! '' 
 sara 's moved away from the screen and we can see her at the locked door , and through the glass panel , the ghostly image of nadia 's face , staring at her impassively from the other side . 
 `` nadia ! 
 pull the lever ! 
 open the door ! 
 please ! '' 
 with what looks like the last of her strength sara is banging on the glass screen , banging at nadia 's image . 
 and nadia does nothing . 
 just on her lips you can make the faint trace of a smile . 
 then there 's a sudden flash , a huge explosion , and the screen goes blank . 
 `` oh , no , jesus , god , no ! '' 
 shouts the general . 
 `` they may be all right '' jason tries , uncertain . 
 `` they 're not all right '' i find myself saying . 
 `` there 's no way . '' 
 we look at each other . 
 the guard is suddenly there , standing by the general 's side . 
 `` sir , we need to move . 
 the place is becoming unstable . 
 i 've started the emergency evacuation procedure , but nothing seems to be happening . 
 i do n't know why . 
 quick , please , come with me . '' 
 there 's an urgency in his voice . 
 `` yes , yes , of course '' mutters the general , allowing himself to be led away . 
 the guard glances at us . 
 `` you guys better come too if you want to survive . '' 
 unspeaking , we follow , as the lights grow dimmer , as we enter a small corridor leading off the main room . 
 it 's completely dark in here , the guard guiding us with a torch as we follow the twists and turns leading us to god knows where . 
 the guard 's in front , followed by the general , then jason , with me at the back . 
 there 's a crack and a jolt , and i look behind me to see a flash of light in the corridor , round the last bend , and a swift movement , i do n't know what of , but instinctively i duck , and i grab jason and pull him down with me , just as something shoots above our heads , something small and dark , bathed in white light , screeching as it passes . 
 and then there 's a scream , and a crack , and then silence . 
 the corridor is bathed in dim , shaky light as jason and me look at each other , and get up unsteadily . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 i ask but jason does n't even bother to answer . 
 he picks his way forward . 
 `` general ? '' 
 he asks , but there 's no reply . 
 `` general ? 
 ... shit . 
 ouch . 
 what was ... oh jesus . 
 oh god ... '' `` what ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i look up at jason 's silhouette , kneeling in front of something , but i ca n't make out what it is . 
 jason turns towards me . 
 `` come on , we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 uncertainly i move towards him . 
 `` do n't look down '' he says as i reach him . 
 i look down to see the bloodied , mangled body of the general , his chest ripped apart , organs hanging out , and his head ... his head reduced to a grinning skull , with just the eyes left in the sockets , everything else gone . 
 `` what the ... . ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i told you not to look down '' he says quietly , `` come on . '' 
 `` what about the guard ? '' 
 i ask . 
 jason shakes his head and moves forward , holding the guard 's torch , and so i follow , making my way behind him through the bloody maze . 
 and suddenly there 's light ahead , not artificial light , but daylight , something ahead and we look at each other and we start running , and as we run i can start to feel the heat behind me , i glance back and there 's something coming , yellow and orange , a fireball , rushing at light speed towards us and i run , faster , as fast as i can , pushing jason , pulling him as we get closer and closer , and the heat is intense , it 's immense , it 's overwhelming and we 're not going to make it and we 're falling . 
 out into the light . 
 outside . 
 falling away , running , falling , escaping , and then we collapse , unable to go any further and i 'm holding onto my chest wanting it to stop hurting so much , my clothes are black and charred , like i 've been burned and i look at jason and he looks at me and he grins . 
 `` well that was fucking close '' he says and i laugh and we look back . 
 there at the warehouse , it 's burning , it 's dying , fire enveloping it , escaping through all the windows and doors , its wooden frame slowly turning black , and even from this distance we can feel its heat , growing more and more intense , lighter and lighter in the pale afternoon sky until suddenly it explodes and we both duck , feeling fire fly over us , pieces of wood land around us , the heat engulf us . 
 and then there 's silence . 
 as if planned , rain starts falling , engulfing the old , destroyed warehouse , putting out the flames , calming down the destruction . 
 jason sighs . 
 `` they 're all dead , then , i guess . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry '' i say . 
 he looks at me . 
 `` you 're sorry ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 it 's your brother who was in there '' and for the first time , i feel a pang of loss , something missing . 
 `` hello boys '' we both look up , startled , and there , somehow , she is standing there , nadia , her hair burnt , black marks on her face , blood running down her arms , her clothes blackened and burnt but she is smiling . 
 `` nadia ! '' 
 i cry , jumping up . 
 `` how the hell did you ... '' but nadia puts her finger to her lips to silence me , and steps forward , giving me a huge , strong hug . 
 `` hello , baby brother '' she says softly and i step back . 
 `` but ... ? '' 
 she nods , smiling . 
 `` yes , it 's me . '' 
 `` mike ? '' 
 i ask . 
 jason jumps up . 
 `` mike ??? '' he says . 
 nadia laughs and nods . 
 `` you know , there are no rules about staying in a man 's body . 
 and i just fancied a change . 
 that 's why i had nadia wait outside that room , whilst , well , everything went on . '' 
 `` now '' he smiles at me , `` you can finally have some fun with the love of your life . '' 
 `` but ... '' i start , `` you and me ... fall in love ? '' 
 nadia grins . 
 `` no fucking way . 
 you know i do n't believe in love . 
 now sex , there 's something different , definitely up for that ... '' and she sees my shocked face . 
 `` jesus ! 
 not with you ! 
 that would be too weird . '' 
 he looks at jason . 
 `` what do you reckon ? 
 sleeping with a man in a woman 's body ? '' 
 he laughs as jason ca n't find the words to reply , and he puts his arm around my shoulder . 
 `` now , baby brother , this time we are going to do things properly . 
 i figure we 've done enough here . 
 let 's get out of here , south america , peru maybe , we can set ourselves up there and really have some fun . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` god yes ! '' 
 i laugh , and we start walking down the long drive away from the warehouse . 
 then a thought strikes me . 
 `` look , could we stop off at this tattoo parlour first ? 
 i 've got some kind of , well , unfinished business there . '' 
 `` sure '' laughs nadia . 
 `` a man has to have a tattoo right . '' 
 she looks at jason . 
 `` fancy joining us ? 
 going to south america , i mean . 
 not the tattoo parlour . '' 
 he looks uncertain and then nods . 
 `` yeah , sure , why not . 
 it 's all gone to shit here anyway . 
 but you know , i was thinking , mark , i mean , john ... gary , you remember you threw him over the cliff when we first tried to kill him ? 
 right . 
 well i was thinking , he almost died did n't he ... well , that was after he had had the procedure run on him , right ... '' nadia smiles , `` so , he may have switched bodies ? 
 is that what you 're thinking ? '' 
 jason nods , gravely . 
 `` great ! '' 
 smiles nadia . 
 `` good to know there 's still evil in the world to combat . 
 our first mission . 
 find out who he 's become , and destroy him . 
 deal ? '' 
 jason smiles . 
 `` deal . '' 
 `` okay , great '' i say . 
 `` but listen , about the sex thing ... '' `` forget it '' says nadia . 
 ### the end i really hope you enjoyed my book ! 
 please let me know what you thought -- write a review ! 
 check out my blog : http://markzkammell.blogspot.com/ or find other titles on smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/markzkammell say hello facebook : https://www.facebook.com/mark.kammell twitter : https://twitter.com/markzkammell 
