 desabraisbros ivan desabrais & ian desabrais presents a sample from @myzombiejournal as seen on twitter ! 
 a savage klaxon story **** sample from the first installment of the infamous saga . 
 **** photo by : ian desabrais cover by : ivan desabrais : http://desabraisbros.wordpress.com/ **** smashwords edition copyright © 2011 ivan desabrais . 
 ian desabrais . 
 all rights reserved . 
 **** license statement this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , events , and locations are fictitious or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons or events , living or dead , are entirely coincidental . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 the book contained herein constitutes a copyrighted work and may not be reproduced , stored in or introduced into an information retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means -lrb- electrical , mechanical , photographic , audio recording , or otherwise -rrb- for any reason -lrb- excepting the uses permitted to the licensee by copyright law under terms of fair use . -rrb- 
 without the specific written permission of the author . 
 if you would like to share this ebook with someone else , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you are reading this book and did not buy it , please purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for your support and for respecting our work . 
 enjoy your read . 
 **** contact information visit our blog . 
 explore the culture of writing and the art of story telling . 
 see what 's coming soon by desabraisbros ivan & ian desabrais and purchase more of our books ! 
 do n't miss out . 
 http://desabraisbros.wordpress.com/ **** `` what if zombies were real and they are everywhere ? '' 
 the year is 2014 . 
 we never saw it coming . 
 zombies are everywhere . 
 everybody i knew is gone . 
 **** prologue my name is savage klaxon , do n't judge me for the acts that i did during zday . 
 i 'm just a man . 
 i tried to do what i thought was right in the moment . 
 sometimes when your goal is surviving , the moment slips away from you . 
 you change and you see yourself changing . 
 there 's nothing you can do but go with it or die . 
 these dead things that lurk in our streets were once people with families who loved them . 
 do n't mistake them for who they were . 
 they are flesh hungry monsters who wait for you to get complacent . 
 they wait . 
 if you 're reading this and i 'm gone , i hope i made a difference . 
 i pray that humanity still exists . 
 i fought everyday for you , for me . 
 we ca n't give up . 
 we ca n't lay down and let them come . 
 we need to send these soulless dead back to hell and take back the world of the living . 
 if you 're one of the men or women who i fought next to and you found my zombie journal on my phone , or netbook , put it where someone can find it in the future . 
 they need to know what happened . 
 they need to know that we were here and we were n't afraid . 
 we were slayers of the dead . 
 **** **** dedication to the zombie culture , when it comes to our mortality , most of us are afraid . 
 when it comes to life , most of us are zombies . 
 **** **** warning some of these stories may not be suitable for young readers . 
 they may contain real and mature themes . 
 they will give you nightmares . 
 they may make you think about zombies . 
 **** introduction when reading this book , the first thing you may notice is that the writing is displayed in the form of tweets . 
 if you do n't know what a tweet is , it is a 140 character message usually found on the social network twitter . 
 twitter posts are dated and read from bottom to top . 
 we took the time to post all the work from top to bottom the way most people read . 
 the next thing you will notice is that the body of work is in the form of a journal as we inteded . 
 to keep it as realistic as possible , it is written completely as savage klaxon has written it , in his voice , with his manner of speech and typing . 
 the dates are used as the times he could steal a moment to report what was going on , but not when they happened . 
 savage is an intriguing man . 
 you will not get bored reading his posts , nor will you find him using really big words so he can feel smart . 
 you will find that sometimes he may use the wrong word or perhaps make a spelling / punctuation mistake . 
 we spent many sleepless nights on the thought if we should censor and edit him . 
 as we did edit his work , we felt the few grammar mistakes we left made him more real . 
 show me a man like savage who speaks like he went to harvard and i will show you a boring man . 
 real people make typos and sometimes misuse words when they text . 
 this only deepens our story . 
 this character came to life in a whirlwind of a question . 
 as in each of our novels , that question is asked near the top of this digital document . 
 ` what if zombies were real and they are everywhere ? ' 
 we hope this novel answers the question , entertains , and titillates . 
 enjoy ! 
 desabraisbros - 2011 **** **** *** part 1 : it 's been a year *** 26 apr myzombiejournal savage klaxon it 's been a year since i had a computer . 
 just glad to see i can still access the internet . 
 27 apr myzombiejournal savage klaxon before the zombies came , this internet cafe was always packed . 
 now i 'm the only one here . 
 the city is full of zombies . 
 it 's been a long time since i 've seen anyone else . 
 i hope i 'm not all that 's left . 
 29 apr myzombiejournal savage klaxon i went to get fresh water . 
 had to shoot my .35 -300 magnum tactical precision rifle . 
 it was loud . 
 streets swarmed with the dead . 
 almost did n't make it to the safe house . 
 dropped the water . 
 so thirsty . 
 also could use a bath . 
 i 'm getting kind of ripe . 
 out of clothes . 
 earlier , i lugged this computer from the cafe . 
 got it to work . 
 do n't know for how long . 
 neighbor had internet . 
 he 's gone now . 
 poor josh . 
 i wonder if anybody 's out there . 
 still looking . 
 might have to lay low a couple of days . 
 they 're still around . 
 i can smell them . 
 30 apr myzombiejournal savage klaxon smelled fresh bread baking today . 
 going to check it out . 
 1 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon bread smell came from a grocery store . 
 three of them were in there . 
 one was a teenage girl . 
 she ran right at me . 
 she was missing an arm . 
 used my hk usp 45 . 
 thank god for suppressors . 
 -lrb- silencers -rrb- it took me three shots to put her down . 
 the next was in the back . 
 maybe her dad . 
 he howled at me . 
 bastard knocked me over . 
 could n't look at them . 
 they were traveling together . 
 had a festering bite on his face . 
 she did it . 
 heard one smacking into the frozen section . 
 they walk into stuff , over and over again . 
 she did n't see me right away . 
 i could smell her . 
 her body was badly decomposing . 
 i took aim and she noticed . 
 she snarled . 
 i had to put her down . 
 i know they were once people . 
 this sucks . 
 there were twelve loafs of fresh onion bread in the baked goods area , right out of the machines . 
 i think the dad and girl made it . 
 a bus i did n't notice before was parked out in front . 
 found a cellphone , picked it up , was face to face with three hunting rifles . 
 women , saying they 're doing it for the kids on the bus . 
 they robbed me , left me with no bread or guns . 
 i did n't shoot em ' . 
 am i fool ? 
 spent the night on the roof of the grocery store . 
 i had food and a spaded shovel i found inside . 
 when the street was clear i ran . 
 2 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon saw a swarm of them in the park . 
 what the hell are they doing ? 
 sometimes they just stand there not really looking at anything . 
 i got all the way through the bike path with no trouble . 
 then i came face to face with mr. sholts . 
 nice old guy , used to walk his dog by me . 
 mr. sholts was trying to get in the building . 
 came up quiet , called his name . 
 he had on a dirty suit . 
 turned , missing a jaw . 
 mr. sholts ran at me , gurgling and spewing blood , black stuff . 
 hit him with the shovel . 
 tried to drag him , leg came off in my hand . 
 mr. sholts reached up to me . 
 think he knew . 
 took his zombie head off with the spade shovel on the curb , and drove the blade into his brain . 
 still got that cellphone i found before i got robbed . 
 it 's dead , hoping to charge it . 
 lines are down around here . 
 wish family had skype . 
 i 've been thinking about why i just let them women take my stuff . 
 i guess i 'm kind of lonely . 
 a part of me wishes they took me with them . 
 exploring the building . 
 found hayden in the mail room , facing the boxes . 
 he was still . 
 lived on the 3rd floor . 
 used to borrow stuff . 
 hayden was moaning and whining . 
 came around him . 
 was missing an eye . 
 his chest was torn up . 
 probably his sweet lil fiancé 's handy-work . 
 hayden , the bastard , dove at me , crushed me into the wall . 
 took poor hayden with my serrated machete . 
 got it at a yard sale years ago . 
 $ 10 . 
 wish when i find someone they are not trying to eat or rob me . 
 this sucks . 
 if it was n't for this damn twitter , i 'd go nuts . 
 3 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon on my run yesterday through the apartment building , found a glock 17 tactical hand gun . 
 it was in a desk drawer , in apt 103 . 
 whoever lived in 103 was set to go . 
 the cupboards were filled with canned tuna . 
 there was an earthquake kit . 
 oh and a stun gun in a medkit . 
 heard something moving around in the bathroom . 
 made sure to load some fresh ammo , opened the door . 
 it was a bulldog . 
 someone just left him . 
 dog 's with me now , eating tuna . 
 he likes it . 
 not sure what to call him . 
 he seems like he has n't eaten in a while . 
 he was happy to see me . 
 heard some noise in the hall . 
 dog was growling . 
 going to check it out . 
 could be looters , maybe the dead . 
 could be survivors . 
 gettin antsy . 
 i went out into the hall and did n't see anything . 
 suppressed sig sauer 229 elite armed . 
 walked the hall , round the corner . 
 black lab dog in the hall half in an apt . 
 got near , saw him chewing on someone . 
 nudged him with my foot and he faced me , snarling . 
 the dogs eyes were cloudy and mirky , he was missing fur . 
 he nipped at me , moved back . 
 saw his ribs sticking out of his fur . 
 shot him three times in the head . 
 he fell . 
 damn walking dead dog . 
 heard hoarse breathing sound . 
 the old guy on the ground was still moving . 
 he gutturally snarled . 
 put him down . 
 stepped inside . 
 woman 's legs sticking out from behind the couch . 
 all that 's left of her . 
 she was eaten . 
 in blood on the wall it said : `` god save us . '' 
 i 'm not ashamed to say , i wept . 
 these damn zombies . 
 decided i 'm gon na clear the building . 
 next mission is gon na be to find more ammo . 
 got ta go out for that . 
 very dangerous . 
 lots of zombies where i got ta go . 
 got ta try . 
 want peace . 
 4 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon my floor is clear . 
 i have that locked down like fort knox . 
 nobody is getting in now . 
 i chained the doors . 
 most people are just gone . 
 i went up a floor . 
 stupid , stupid . 
 nothing in the stairwell . 
 opened the door and smacked it right into the back of some teenagers . 
 the teens were of the dead kind . 
 i jumped back and tumbled down the steps backwards . 
 my glock went off a couple of times on the way down . 
 during my tumble i could hear them , smacking into the door . 
 no way were they going to figure out how to pull it open . 
 or so i thought . 
 i guess they still remember some stuff . 
 i 'm trying to get up . 
 back aching , neck sore . 
 definitely sprained ankle and the door swings open . 
 they come barreling down at me . 
 yeah i screamed . 
 and i shot too . 
 blew their brains over the wall . 
 -lrb- got ta clean that later . 
 still my home . -rrb- 
 one got so close i could feel his hand on my shoe . 
 scared the crap out of me . 
 unloaded the rest of my mag at him . 
 l8r burned my pants . 
 ca n't keep anything once their blood is on it . 
 boiled some water and took a bath . 
 i need more ammo . 
 i have to get more . 
 wish i had help . 
 tomorrow , me and the dog will go down there in those walking dead infested streets and find some ammo , somewhere . 
 either that or die . 
 5 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon got a leash for the dog and made my way to the back stairs of my apartment building . 
 i led us down a couple floors and could hear something . 
 it was gurgling , i could smell it , was unbearable . 
 the dog started barking and that got the zombie 's attention . 
 one of the cleaners , she bent backwards looking at us then twisted and ran like a bull seeing red . 
 i used my serrated machete on her . 
 got out into the parking lot , the dog was acting kind of nervous so i moved towards the high school . 
 it is so quiet in the streets . 
 cut through the field behind the school , there was still kids bags sitting in the grass waiting to be reclaimed . 
 heard something bang and could see a young boy pressing his face into the glass of the school door , he was dead . 
 i moved quickly . 
 entered the strip mall , the parking lot was practically empty . 
 i turned the corner and was rushed by a balding man in a bus uniform . 
 stumbled back then noticed the open bus . 
 i pulled the dog with me around the bus stop bench . 
 that 's when i saw 4 others coming towards us . 
 slashed my machete at the bus driver i think i cut off his hand . 
 dog barked & dove at him , pulled him back & got on the bus . 
 i managed to close the doors . 
 bus driver and 4 others banged on the walls . 
 i saw something from my peripheral vision . 
 two zombies were eating a group of people , one 's mouth was hanging low like his jaw was dislocated . 
 he groaned and moved towards me . 
 held the dog back with my leg and waited for the chance then took the dead bastards head off . 
 the other one came at me but tripped . 
 i rushed at her and put an end to her suffering . 
 supplies at the back of the bus , jugs of water , nonperishable food , and clothes . 
 they must have been survivors . 
 i tried the bus but it was on empty . 
 opened a window and took out the bus driver & 4 others with my gun . 
 now i really need ammo . 
 i jotted down the location of the bus and locked it up . 
 took the street and came to an intersection . 
 tons of cars , some with doors opened , others all closed up , nobody around . 
 i could see the big blue & white sign of walmart . 
 i know my need for ammo is greater then my fear of being in a large department store full of zombies . 
 walked to the doors and they opened . 
 a hum was being broadcasted over their sound system . 
 a single phone is ringing , a very eerie feeling . 
 i waited by the doors hoping to lure out any zombies inside . 
 nothing came . 
 i entered slowly , the dog was hesitant but i dragged him along . 
 i could see something move in the deli area . 
 i decided there that i need to take out all the dead to be safe while in this store . 
 i slowly moved closer to the deli and could see it was a teenage girl wearing the blue of walmart . 
 she was walking into a counter . 
 i saw she was missing part of her arm , the bone still hanging there . 
 i tried to get closer but its like she smelled me . 
 her eyes murky white . 
 her mouth opened and i pulled the dog with me as i ran and chopped at her with my machete . 
 it lodged into her neck , she reached out for me . 
 i knocked her down and finished her off . 
 i quickly looked around but could n't see anyone else . 
 god she reminds me of my little sister . 
 a scream cried out , i took the dog and began my search making my way to the sporting goods section . 
 the jewelry counter has 2 people at it . 
 one just standing there with a blank look on her face , the other kneeling and chewing on a customer . 
 i knew i had to shoot . 
 two quick shots and they both fell and i made my way down the aisle even faster hoping to get away from the sound . 
 a shelf fall ahead of me . 
 a group of shoppers all dead , the smell , the way they looked i emptied my clip in them but one still came at me . 
 i hacked at him and went on . 
 a streak of blood like a body was dragged leads off to the garden center . 
 i have a few bullets left so i went to the sporting goods . 
 i got to the glass cases of ammunition . 
 i wedged the machete between the glass and pried the doors open . 
 the shelves were almost full . 
 i grabbed a hunting supply bag off the shelf and began filling it with all the different calibers of ammo i use . 
 it will be heavy to carry . 
 i loaded my guns and decided to fill another bag . 
 a woman walks in front of the aisle , she is dragging her leg . 
 i took her out with one shot . 
 this could turn out bad , i was n't going to hang around anymore . 
 i quickly got out of the store dragging the heavy bags and leading the dog . 
 6 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon spent the night at the bus after i tossed the bodies . 
 in the middle of the night something dragged along the side , it totally freaked me out at first light i checked around the bus but could n't see anything . 
 decided it best to leave one bag of ammo locked on the bus and take one . 
 did n't like waiting around while the dog did his business , not in the wide open like this . 
 took a side road so i would n't pass the school . 
 there 's a couple cars at an intersection i took my time and walked a distance from them to check for any dead . 
 i could n't believe what i saw a black ferrari f430 , with the keys . 
 guess i could say at least i drove a ferrari . 
 hopped in the car set the dog in the passenger side . 
 turned the key and the engine roared out . 
 how awesome is that , i maneuvered around the other cars and floored it . 
 so sweet to hear the car . 
 i guess it had to be the sound and the vibration of the car , zombies swarmed at me . 
 they came from all over the place . 
 i had to escape . 
 so many of them , nowhere for me to stop and get out . 
 they 're all over the road , coming out of buildings some falling out of windows . 
 this ca n't be happening , how the hell can i get out of the car and not be torn apart by the freaking dead . 
 drove for a long time . 
 they did n't stop following me , the masses came , more and more of them . 
 some roads packed with cars i had to drive on the sidewalks to pass . 
 i would n't lead them to my apartment , had to keep distance from areas i already went through . 
 i hit a main road and ripped down the street . 
 after a safe distance away , i grabbed the dog and ran . 
 there was a movie theatre nearby and knew to stay away . 
 headed towards my apartment . 
 the ammo is heavy glad i only have the one bag on me . 
 the sun 's hiding away and i had to get indoors , back to my safe house if possible . 
 a zombie was stuck in a bus shelter , it could n't find the exit like a fly trying to get out an open window went everywhere but the opening . 
 a man , mid 30 's maybe . 
 he had a newsboy cap on , his body seemed mangled like he had been run over . 
 used my handgun , blood went everywhere . 
 loud yells and gun shots , could hear a heavy vehicle and did n't want to be mistaken for the dead . 
 took off and headed back to my apartment . 
 7 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon a large truck drives over the lawn of a town house followed by a mass of the dead , i was frozen for only a second . 
 found a garage door open . 
 picked up the dog and ran for the entrance , got into the garage and closed the door . 
 with my gun out i scanned the interior . 
 cadillac srx parked close to the door of the house hiding half the garage . 
 moved closer and could see a baby seat in the back of the car . 
 no way did i want to see or have the responsibility of dealing with a zombie of that matter . 
 i walked around to the front of the car . 
 a woman lay against the back passenger side of the car , her face desolate of blood , white as a piece of chalk . 
 aimed my gun , she lunged out . 
 heard a loud yell , my gun rang out . 
 shot her in the chest in my panic , it did n't stop her obviously . 
 i supported my arm and finished her . 
 realized i was the one yelling , i hate zombies . 
 the truck roared outside , could hear a couple voices and then the sound of gun turrets . 
 military or raiders , no way was i going to be seen by either side . 
 stayed the night in the garage , it was way too quiet , did n't sleep . 
 checked outside in the morning , the street littered with zombies blown apart . 
 recognized a few of them , people i 've seen , never spoke with . 
 waited in lines at stores with them , never knew their names , or spoke with them . 
 never going to now . 
 walked to my apartment a street away . 
 the glass in the front door was smashed , had to be someone still alive . 
 i entered slowly and peered down the hall on the first floor . 
 apartment doors were open , stuff thrown in the hall . 
 i took the back stairs . 
 a man wearing a hunters vest just standing on the 1st landing . 
 his back to me , head slightly down . 
 i could n't smell if he was dead , could n't even see any signs . 
 i cleared my throat and he did n't move . 
 he had to be new , never seen him before . 
 moved closer , he never moved not an inch . 
 the dog was used to the dead by now , did n't even bark . 
 something just seemed off about it . 
 i got to the last step behind him . 
 pressed against the wall and slide up to his level . 
 his forehead was caved in , he was missing the flesh on part of his face . 
 he did n't move , i got a few steps above him and sent him away . 
 i moved up the stairs like my feet were aflame , a couple doors were open . 
 a large man walks out of my apartment a case of water in hand . 
 i leapt back and he dropped the water , aimed my gun at him and pulled a door open as a shield . 
 could hear him swear and fumble with a gun . 
 i swore knowing nothing good could come of this . 
 he leaned out from my apartment and asked if i swore at him , hell yes i did . 
 he laughed . 
 tells me he 's with a group of people , they have guns , food and supplies . 
 asks me to go down with him , i was hesitant but he convinced me . 
 lead me to a big red coca-cola truck , a couple of guys hanging around with guns and the big truck from yesterday with a turret on the back . 
 they told me about a cottage that they were heading to on an island nearby , one of guys uncles owned it . 
 asked me to join up with them . 
 they told me to toss my stuff in the back of the truck and get a cola . 
 they were going to get all the supplies from this place and move on . 
 one grabbed the leash of the dog and said he had one once , wondered if he was still alive . 
 he never got back home , never would go . 
 one of them opened the doors , i looked in feeling hesitant , every meeting with people i had turned out bad . 
 tons of cases of cola i got in . 
 the doors pushed me away as they closed , could hear them laughing and banging on the doors as they locked . 
 a guy yelled who 's gon na win . 
 8 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon vibrations rattled up from their beating hands on the outside . 
 heared the raspy barking dog calling out to me . 
 they laughed and hooted . 
 something moved . 
 felt a shift . 
 the inside of the truck was darker . 
 then the smell of something dead crept closer . 
 searched for my sidearm . 
 pulled out my hidden springfield armory xd , switched on the scope . 
 the pale light moved over the red interior , searching ... saw it there , hanging by unraveling ropes . 
 it reached out , scraping the air violently . 
 a boy , no older than 16 . 
 dressed similar to them . 
 it did n't understand why it could n't get closer . 
 the dead body bursting with swinging movement . 
 his clumpy shadow stretching over the floor . 
 looked him right in his mirky eyes . 
 festering bite on his neck . 
 was once one of them . 
 this is what they do . 
 they 're just as bad as the dead . 
 he lunged forward , his body shaking . 
 ropes snapped and he crashed to the floor . 
 stepped back and took aim . 
 damn head was covered by arms . 
 the thing leapt up , crashing into the ceiling . 
 bastard was blind . 
 their hands beating the truck , the barking dog . 
 could n't concentrate . 
 salty sweat dripping in my eyes . 
 shot four times . 
 i can hear them hooting and hollering on the outside . 
 beams of sunlight beam in new holes . 
 the smell made me gag . 
 maggots , rotting flesh . 
 covered my mouth and nose . 
 it lunged crashing into boxes and crates , snarling and swatting . 
 the light found his face , infected teeth . 
 eyes fallen deep in their sockets . 
 hanging discolored flesh . 
 slobber dripping from the gums . 
 it was missing fingers , slits of torn flesh . 
 they were torturing it . 
 `` i 'm sorry '' , i said . 
 it cocked it 's head to the side , then dove at me . 
 i threw myself back and shot it three times in the head . 
 part of it 's fleshy skull broke away . 
 it hit the floor . 
 could still see it 's brain . 
 its hand stretched out across the floor . 
 screamed and shot once more . 
 the brain becoming mush . 
 it laid still , cold on the floor . 
 never killed one of the living , but my mind was racing . 
 the laughter and hollering died down . 
 i could feel someone approaching the door . 
 9 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon the rusty latch sung out . 
 light crept in . 
 kicked the door , knocking a fool down . 
 bullets crashed in through the side . 
 i leapt out . 
 by the time they came around , had his mp9 sub machine gun in hand . 
 had him as a shield too . 
 gun firmly at his head . 
 him whimpering . 
 they stopped in their tracks and i counted them . 
 7 , including him . 
 was a little taller than me . 
 great meat shield . 
 shook my head . 
 this sux . 
 every time i meet someone , they want to eat me , rob me , or kill me . 
 damn zombies . 
 wonder what these 7 fools were like before . 
 `` move and he 's gone . '' 
 i said . 
 they just looked at me . 
 a skinny one was in total panic . 
 saw it in his shaky hands . 
 he was very scared . 
 `` jack whata we do . '' 
 he called to the big bastard in my grip . 
 `` put your guns down dummy , i do n't wan na get shot . '' 
 he cried out , heart racing . 
 felt kinda different being on this side of the gun . 
 they had all my stuff and everything i worked for all this time . 
 smelled burnt plastic . 
 looked around and saw flames in the lobby of my building . 
 the place was burning down . 
 these jokers took everything i ever had . 
 nothing left . 
 anger raced up in me . 
 `` you burnt my home ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 the skinny one looked like he was gon na piss himself . 
 i aimed my new gun at them . 
 `` no '' , one said , stepping forward . 
 `` you do n't wan na do this . '' 
 `` yes i do . '' 
 i yelled back at him . 
 `` your boys here took everything i had left . '' 
 `` come on , there 's no such thing as a home anymore . 
 those things are everywhere . 
 we 're all gon na die . '' 
 he preached on . 
 i just sneered . 
 `` he was gon na kill me . '' 
 i said , flat out . 
 `` where 's my dog ? '' 
 the man points to another truck . 
 i can see the little bugger looking out at me . 
 `` we had to burn it . 
 it was full of them . 
 you ca n't live like that . '' 
 he claimed to me . 
 `` i have lived like that since this all started . '' 
 they all stood there looking at each other . 
 `` okay , kill him . 
 he deserves it . '' 
 i stared back at him . 
 no loyalty to each other = no trust . 
 `` kill him , take his place . 
 i did n't okay any of what he did . 
 i was getting supplies . 
 i 'm the leader here , not him . '' 
 he claimed , pointing . 
 `` you think i would do that ? 
 just one of you . '' 
 i stated , tipping my hand . 
 `` these three did nothing to ya . 
 they 're good . '' 
 he barks . 
 did n't know what i did till it was over . 
 big one , skinny one , hooting idiot laid there on the pavement . 
 never killed anyone living before . 
 the leader had his gun too . 
 they all had some extra holes in their bodies . 
 guess he shot them too . 
 i looked at him , confused . 
 shot his own . 
 `` that building was hard as hell to get into . 
 you do that ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` yeah '' , i replied looking at the others . 
 they all looked back at me . 
 he asked me to go with them . 
 said , we can teach each other stuff to survive . 
 the smell filled our noses . 
 thought the shot released bowels . 
 they did , that 's not what we were smelling . 
 a whole horde of the walking dead heard our little skirmish and came to feast . 
 choices limited . 
 `` come or get eaten here . '' 
 he yelled running to the truck with the barking dog . 
 i looked back at the others climbing into the red truck . 
 the zombies were hungry and getting closer . 
 home was burning down . 
 they have all my stuff . 
 i would n't last . 
 what could i do ? 
 had to survive . 
 10 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon it was n't all bad i guess . 
 ran for the truck with the turret , hopped in . 
 `` take the guns , '' their fearless leader screamed , his voice cracked . 
 i looked down at the dog and climbed over the seat . 
 before i knew it , i was sawing the dead in half . 
 that weapon was very very useful . 
 tripping all over each other , leaping from alleys and off of balconies . 
 the dead were chasing the sound of the guns . 
 very satisfying . 
 i did n't trust him or his little gang but they sure had some nice toys . 
 i know i could have used this many times in my recent life . 
 zombies . 
 zombies turned to mush , parts still twitching in the street . 
 `` in front , '' he screamed . 
 sure enough the turret spun all the way around . 
 so many zombies that the guys in the truck ahead had to join in on the rain of fire , with assault rifles out the windows . 
 we hit clear road littered with burnt out army vehicles , toppled emergency service trucks , and scattered cop cars . 
 i remember this . 
 it was on the news . 
 the fools tried to make a stand and save the infected who have n't turned . 
 it was a total debacle . 
 everyone died . 
 searched around finding only small groups of them staring up at the moon . 
 they lost interest . 
 never understand what drives them . 
 it 's sick . 
 found my spot in the passenger side . 
 tired he looked over at me , one hand on the sleeping dog . 
 `` they all mesmerized . '' 
 was it a question ? 
 `` they get like that , do n't they , '' i said , seeing my bag in the back . 
 `` sometimes . 
 it 's fucking weird . '' 
 he said , lighting a montecristo cigar . 
 he dropped his torch lighter into an open box of the cigars and grinned at me with the cigar hanging out of his mouth . 
 `` want one ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` things gon na get a little hairy between you and the others or are ya going to let all that go ? 
 what happened back there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do n't know , '' i replied , noticing the grenades in the door . 
 `` is n't that dangerous ? '' 
 i asked pointing them out . 
 `` hell yes , '' he laughed . 
 we drove all night . 
 i slept . 
 figured they would have killed me by now . 
 woke up to them screaming all around me and laughing . 
 i jumped . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 i yelled back . 
 they were all laughing like it was the funniest thing they ever saw . 
 `` morons , '' i yelled . 
 `` hey . 
 you 're going to hurt someone 's feelings , '' this athletic looking guy stated . 
 he grinned proud of himself . 
 `` i 'm used to the quiet . '' 
 got out , grabbed my bag . 
 dog was grinning , taking a dump on the hot pavement of a mall parking lot . 
 i scanned it . 
 did n't see the dead . 
 `` leave the bag . 
 take some weapons and ammo . 
 we 're going in for supplies . '' 
 the leader stated . 
 he had a beer in his hand . 
 this was crazy . 
 11 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon entered the mall , front entrance abandoned . 
 music calling out from different stores . 
 broken glass & store goods scattered all over . 
 we went to the store location map , a red marker was used to give directions . 
 `` we need , food , water , any weapons , clothes . '' 
 the list went on . 
 `` teams of two , one front one back , watch out for each other , '' the leader stated . 
 `` you , '' he pointed at me , `` with me , fun begins now . '' 
 how fun could this be , a location that may have hundreds if not more of the dead just waiting for some unlucky bastards to walk into them . 
 this is the dead 's turf , guns or not this was going to be hard if not impossible to get out with all the numbers who came in . 
 `` pharmacy , '' he points , `` food , medical 's , hygiene , '' he raises his eyes . 
 `` food for the dog , '' i told him . 
 he nods . 
 something moves in an aisle . 
 `` watch my back , '' he checks his clip on the silenced gun and moves into the store , i enter behind him and see at least 5 zombie 's . 
 he holds up 3 fingers then two , aims his gun . 
 i aim . '' 
 one , '' he says . 
 the bullets took their resting places in the skulls of the dead . 
 continued on , checking each aisle . 
 3 more , one had a festering bite on his cheek , bag on his shoulder full of supplies . 
 same idea as us . 
 we put them down and filled two shopping carts of needed supplies , found dog food , bless expanding businesses for that . 
 a whine calls out . 
 `` alive ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` lets find out . '' 
 another team takes out carts to the truck and we track the sound . 
 coming from a bathroom , door locked . 
 a gurgle sounded out , what ever is in there must be dead . 
 looked at the lock , key broken off in the slot , pointed it out & went on our way . 
 shots rang out from another area , the others cheering . 
 leader shakes his head , `` they can be idiots at times , lets move . '' 
 ran to join them . 
 a wave of the dead swarming from some music store , the others firing into them , `` the heads , '' i screamed , `` aim for the damn heads . '' 
 we took them all out , a couple zombies coming out from other stores to get us from other sides but we were unscathed . 
 `` idiots , '' i said . 
 `` hey man , '' the athletic guy says , `` i need some new tunes , got to enjoy the small stuff , or we 're just like them , '' he points to the dead . 
 `` get some good stuff , '' another called out . 
 i stood and watched as they raided the music store . 
 a weird almost groan echoes from somewhere . 
 `` that does not sound good . '' 
 i said . 
 the leader and i led the others around the mall checking out the stores and taking out the dead . 
 got tons of supplies and music for those who needed it . 
 never found anyone alive , disconcerting . 
 how many could still be alive and where . 
 on one of the entrances , plastic sheets and a quarantine sign , they did n't finish putting it up , everybody just stared at each other . 
 people in hazmat suits dead on the ground with holes in their bodies . 
 the plastic masks splattered in blood . 
 `` lets go , '' i told them . 
 did n't want to stick around and find out what happened , some of them were totally freaked out . 
 we got out of the mall back at our vehicles . 
 the dog was in the window wagging his tail happy to see me . 
 maybe being with a team could be beneficial . 
 `` lets dig out , '' the leader ordered . 
 12 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon after hitting the mall and finding no water it was decided to find a local grocery store and hope we get to it before any-one else . 
 the area was sparse of anything but cars . 
 no signs of the dead or alive . 
 positioned the vehicles and got our weapons ready . 
 the grocery store doors open , two men with rifles and a family behind them exit , the women have carts filled with supplies . 
 we all froze . 
 they were surprised to see other people still alive . 
 `` please do n't try anything , '' one of the guys says . 
 `` we got kids and women who need us . '' 
 the leader raised his hands , `` put the guns down , we 'll make a deal nothing has to happen . '' 
 they kept the guns aimed , us with our guns aimed . 
 `` we need water , '' i said `` we can share rather then kill each other . '' 
 we all just stared at each other unsure of what will happen . 
 loud bells begin ringing , looked around , a church across the road . 
 the family bursts towards their minivan supplies with them . 
 zombies rushing from buildings and side streets , so many of them . 
 i jumped on the truck and aimed the turret . 
 some already too close to hit . 
 the leader used his assault rifle , cut down a number of them . 
 the minivan rushes away slamming through the dead in a race to escape . 
 the athletic guy walks forward blowing them away laughing . 
 he reloads his gun like a pro . 
 took out a a lot of them . 
 there was way too many . 
 the others stood close taking them out . 
 the athletic guy runs back to the truck a zombie with half of his head blown off right behind him . 
 too close for the turret i yelled and pointed it out to the others , he was in the way of the shot . 
 they screamed at him to get down . 
 at the front of the red truck , 30 of freaking dead lunge at him , he 's pulled down hard face bouncing off the ground . 
 they tried to save him . 
 just too many , only able to put down a few , the damage had been done , blood in his mouth , bites all over . 
 he was gone , an infected . 
 `` get in the truck , '' the leader yelled . 
 the others went for the red truck , could n't pass the zombies and their infected friend , we left it . 
 supplies , gear , and most of the guns . 
 the leader drove and me on the turret shot down any i could . 
 aimed for their heads , some exploded . 
 the damn bells finally stopped . 
 lost a guy . 
 they acted very strange . 
 `` what now , '' one of them asked the leader , he just starred at him . 
 with no dead in sight i got in the truck . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked the leader . 
 he was uneasy `` do n't freak out , '' he said . 
 `` jacob back there , was the one who knew where the island cottage was . 
 it was his uncle 's who was in the army or something , '' the leader said . 
 `` oh my god what are we going to do , we 're all going to die here , '' one of the guys said . 
 it was crowded in the truck with so many of us . 
 `` shut up , '' the leader told him , `` we just need a new plan . '' 
 i could n't believe this , just when i thought my luck was getting better . 
 13 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon the family from the grocery store pulls along side of us , `` we need to talk , '' a woman said , hanging from her window . 
 they must be desperate . 
 we stopped at a park and ride . 
 all of us got out , we searched , made sure no dead were around . 
 found 6 of them , some sitting in their cars . 
 `` it 's not safe for us to travel , we do n't have your kind of weapons , '' the older man said . 
 he seemed nervous , always looking around . 
 one of my team was just staring at them , his eyes glassy . 
 it looked like he could break at any second . 
 i wondered what was bothering him . 
 `` so what you guys want guns ? '' 
 the leader asked . 
 the older man looked at his family , his wife i think took his hand . 
 `` not exactly , ' she said . 
 `` listen , '' the older man said . 
 `` we have nowhere to go , a family to protect , we have two rifles a revolver and supplies . '' 
 `` i told against better judgement . 
 we need more then surviving , we need safety and we can all have that with greater numbers , '' old man said . 
 `` okay listen , '' the leader said . 
 `` it will be more dangerous for your family coming with us , we go places , some of them filled with the dead . '' 
 `` we should talk about it , '' the emotional guy from our team said . 
 `` come on guys , lets give them a chance , that girl looks like my sister . '' 
 `` damn cole , '' the leader said , `` you could have waited until we stepped away , '' he looks to cole . 
 `` it needs to be more than that . '' 
 `` no it does n't , they are people and so are we . 
 if we let them ride off alone then we 're no better than the fucking zombies . '' 
 cole was angry . 
 `` we got lots of water , being together , we will share what we have if you do the same . 
 and hey some of us are good shots , '' the old man said . 
 the leader looks to me , searching for advice , maybe hoping i would tell them to move on after what i 've been through . 
 but i could n't . 
 `` we join up , '' i told them . 
 i know this could turn out bad , but like cole i have a sister out there somewhere , hopefully alive and safe . 
 there was still some tension and i stepped up . 
 `` could use a drink , '' i said . 
 the old man nodded and went to get the water . 
 bang a shot rang . 
 i grabbed my chest fearing the worst . 
 the teenage girl had the revolver in hand aiming away . 
 `` those fucking things are all over , '' she said . 
 her smile was wicked , the dead bastard fell to the ground , he had a construction workers hat on , covered in blood and his head blown apart . 
 this was going to work out , she was a dead on shot , better than some of the team . 
 `` shot can 's for years . 
 i love guns , '' she said with a grin . 
 traded some guns , food & music , guess it did come in handy . 
 sorry jacob wish you made it , only got to know your name after you were gone . 
 `` we need a place to regroup , '' i told them . 
 `` the fire station 's not far , '' the old man said , `` should be hard for the dead to get it . '' 
 i looked to the leader and he nodded , `` okay , we head to the fire station . '' 
 we got in our vehicles and hit the road . 
 with the van beside us . 
 i was on turret , could only hope the fire station would be safe , i know once it was cleared i could lock it up good . 
 but for how long . 
 14 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon we drove there . 
 nailed some dead on the way . 
 the family following behind . 
 that girl is a great shot . 
 not bad at all . 
 cole watching her . 
 the fire station had cement road block barriers blocking entrance . 
 there were six armed men on the roof brandishing ak47 's . 
 motorcycles . 
 bikes outlining the yard . 
 do n't know what club . 
 they took aim at us on sight . 
 got on the turret right away . 
 they watched . 
 leader stopped the vehicle and looked up at me . 
 `` do n't take your eyes off of them . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this do n't feel right . 
 who are they ? '' 
 `` do n't know , '' he said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` no one we want trouble with . 
 judging by them bikes , there 's a lot of em we ca n't see . '' 
 garage door slid open and five guys walk out with ak 74 's . 
 one of them leading the way . 
 `` ya 'll jus git ! '' 
 he yelled , aiming right at me . 
 `` we 're just trying to find safety lad . 
 we do n't want any trouble , '' heard a voice say . 
 old man did not stay in his van . 
 the biker grins . 
 he was lookin right passed the old man . 
 the van . 
 `` the girl . 
 give her up and we 'll let ya leave alive , '' he demanded through his evil face . 
 saw her sitting there . 
 shorts on and a tank top . 
 boots . 
 young . 
 i knew what would happen to her if he got her . 
 `` ca n't , '' i said . 
 more bikers came out . 
 there had to be at least 30 of them . 
 a woman came striding out , dressed like a fire woman . 
 she had bruises . 
 `` please . '' 
 she was begging . 
 `` git her inside , check on the others , '' the biker barked . 
 `` how many friends you have in there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he looked up at me . 
 `` lot 's , '' he laughed . 
 overplayed it . 
 he 's lying . 
 i can always see the face you hide from everyone . 
 even when you bastards lie to me . 
 truth . 
 i could n't say anything else . 
 they were gon na kill us , take our stuff , hurt the girls . 
 in that order . 
 had to make a decision now . 
 i looked down at the leader . 
 his eyes on them . 
 holding a grenade from the door . 
 turned the turret and ended it before it started . 
 sad . 
 did n't forget the guys on the roof . 
 they tried to run but you ca n't outrun this thing . 
 crashed up a fire engine inside pretty good too . 
 `` inside , the dead will come ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 our people ran . 
 feels weird saying it in my head . 
 a little while ago , i thought i was alone . 
 they grabbed the guns . 
 the vehicle pushed aside a barrier with ease . 
 well it did dent the front a bit . 
 we were inside closing the gate . 
 we did n't know what was waiting in here for us . 
 more bikers ? 
 we knew they were keeping people against their will . 
 i hate that shit . 
 15 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon they were just going to walk right into the rest of the station . 
 i blocked them off and closed the garage door . 
 said `` shhh . '' 
 `` we need a plan . 
 there could be more in there . '' 
 before i could continue , cole had one of the biker 's vests on . 
 he was grinning . 
 we opened the heavy metal door and walked into the station from the garage . 
 sure enough there was a man standing there , holding an axe . 
 i looked at him , he looked at us . 
 `` you 're not one of them , '' he stated . 
 `` no . 
 are there anymore ? '' 
 `` no , '' he replied . 
 lowering the axe . 
 `` where are the rest of the people they were holding ? '' 
 the leader asked . 
 cole grabbed his arm . 
 `` dom , this does n't feel right . 
 be careful '' . 
 `` dom , huh ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` yep dominic satoro , '' he said . 
 `` savage klaxon , '' i replied , shaking his hand . 
 cole stared at us until we moved on . 
 we followed the burly axe holding man through the filthy twists and turns of the office . 
 supplies and garbage everywhere . 
 `` what a pigsty . '' 
 the man just grinned and led on . 
 `` you a firefighter ? '' 
 dom asked . 
 `` something like that , '' he said coming to a locked room . 
 `` they 're in here . '' 
 `` open the door , '' dom said , pointing . 
 `` ca n't do n't have the key , '' he replied . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` one of them bikers took it . '' 
 i ripped the axe away from him and shoved him back , tossing it over to cole . 
 had my trusty multi-tool and the door open in no time . 
 when we entered the room we found , men , women , and children all sitting on the floor . 
 there were boxes piled up along the walls for storage . 
 the woman i saw in the garage who begged for help stood up . 
 her blonde lochs cascaded over her shoulders . 
 `` you did it . 
 thank you , '' she said . 
 when the fireman who had the axe stepped in , i could see some of the people shocked . 
 i turned and socked him in that sweet spot in the jaw . 
 the bastard did n't fall down . 
 some of the women screamed . 
 he speared me to the ground . 
 i felt his monstrous fist crash into my ribs . 
 loud thud and the giant of a man collapsed over me . 
 he was pulled away and the quiet guy from the red truck helped me up . 
 he smiled . 
 `` glad you 're not alone now ? '' 
 he asked , nodding to me . 
 i was . 
 i did n't tell him though . 
 `` mckinley , '' he announced . 
 we shook hands . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i looked down at the big guy . 
 `` why did you attack him ? '' 
 mckinley asked . 
 i saw their faces . 
 i know a problem when i see one . 
 `` instinct . '' 
 `` he 's one of them . 
 he dresses like that to fool others . 
 some of these people know that , '' the blonde woman stated , pointing down at him . 
 16 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon my new ` friends ' pulled that guy into the room . 
 we came around some old tables and i saw a young man laying on the floor . 
 he was pale . 
 shivering , breathing shallow . 
 saw this before . 
 i stepped back . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 a man yelled . 
 the crazy fool attacked me . 
 he struck me . 
 instinct kicked in . 
 grabbed his arm and flipped him on the floor . 
 people screamed . 
 some bolted out the door . 
 this was bad , if they got out . 
 i knew zombies would be everywhere out there . 
 they had to hear us from before . 
 even with the suppressors . 
 the bikers made a lot of noise . 
 we had a lot of scared people about to turn on us . 
 dom pulled me back from the man and looked down at the boy . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he swore , knowing . 
 `` keep away from my son , '' the man shouted . 
 `` he 's infected , '' i yelled . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'll do it when the time comes . 
 you do n't touch him . '' 
 `` it 's got ta be now . 
 he 's gon na mark somebody , '' dom warned . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he cried . 
 `` take him outta here , '' dom commanded . 
 i grabbed the man . 
 `` no , '' dom called . 
 `` we 'll take the boy outside . 
 then this coward can watch him turn from the roof . 
 go ahead . 
 put that boy through that pain . '' 
 `` you do n't understand ... '' the man whined . 
 `` the hell i do n't , '' dom said . 
 `` i lost everyone i ever knew to this toilet of a world . 
 saw death . '' 
 `` dom ! '' 
 cole called . 
 `` they got the door open . 
 they 're running into the street . 
 the dead are coming and we got no one on guns . '' 
 17 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon the chaos wrecked through everyone like an unseen force , zombie gurgling and moaning out , the scent in the air unbearable . 
 i checked my gun . 
 `` savage , get to the roof , '' dom ordered . 
 `` the turret , '' i yelled back . 
 he stared at me , `` i 'll take your back , guys lets go , '' dom called . 
 we quickly went to the garage , door wide open zombies in the entrance , one of them wearing a fireman uniform . 
 he tried to come back home . 
 dom took out the fireman and three others attracted by the sound entered . 
 `` dammit who the hell decided to run , they should be shot . '' 
 zombies polluted the streets , i have no idea why they all headed this way but wanted to take them out before it was too late for us . 
 cole at my side the other guys rushing up and breaching the garage door , shots ringing out , clips being changed and zombies falling . 
 i leapt onto the turret truck , my team taking my back . 
 the dead were falling like flies , some getting back up from our hasty attacks . 
 `` in the fucking heads , '' i yelled . 
 `` do n't waste the ammo . '' 
 dom got on the back of the truck grabbing a centurion arms mk12k , boss gun . 
 heads imploded from dom 's shots . 
 hit the turret and tore the dead apart . 
 the teen girl from the van joined us , i nodded to her awesome aim . 
 `` get back in the station , '' someone yelled . 
 i saw a few of the people who ran were swarmed by the dead , some crying out in helpless horror . 
 `` fuck , '' one of the team yelled , `` the old guy from the van got bitten . '' 
 the teen girl screamed and ran to the old man , `` no ! '' 
 she cried . 
 this could only go more down hill . 
 his wife nowhere to be seen , the teen girl took him back into the station and the door began to close . 
 18 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon `` get in , '' dom yelled , `` we ca n't fight them all . '' 
 i grabbed some bags and got in before the door closed all the way . 
 the others followed . 
 `` i do n't know where it came from , '' the old man said . 
 the teen girl held onto him . 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 the old man cupped her face . 
 `` you know what will happen next , i 'm going to go soon , '' the old man told her . 
 he looked around and lowered his head , not finding his wife . 
 someone slammed into the door from the outside , i feared one of the team was still out there and ran to check . 
 old man 's wife was outside . 
 her arms swinging into the door , part of her face pulled back . 
 shit , she was dead , how the hell did that happen . 
 `` karen , '' the old man said . 
 he was right beside me looking at his wife , tears in his eyes . 
 `` god , '' hand on the window looking out at her . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 `` give me the revolver , '' he told the teenage girl . 
 `` i 'm going out there , '' his eyes glassy , turning a murky white . 
 she handed him the gun . 
 the other man from his van came forward , `` you do n't have to do this ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` damn right i do , '' he shot back . 
 `` i wo n't leave her . '' 
 he took out all but two bullets and went out the door shoving her back as he exited . 
 bang ! 
 she fell , he did n't look back , kneeled by her . 
 i heard him cry out then the second shot . 
 the teen girl grabbed onto my arm , her grip hard , she pushed her face into my shoulder and cried . 
 19 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon that was hard . 
 kept seeing that old man 's face . 
 he was very brave . 
 it must have taken everything inside him to do what he did . 
 heard the dead all night , made it impossible to sleep . 
 i searched the fire-station , looking for anything that maybe useful , axes & tools . 
 at morning discussions began about what our plans were , some people from the fire station wanted to come with us . 
 not sure if they should . 
 weapons , supplies , food , no idea of what to do next , i brought up the loss of gear and weapons . 
 `` we should go back for the red truck . '' 
 `` no way , '' one of the team said , `` i 'm not risking my ass . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` listen we 'll need ammo , we ca n't get it everywhere , '' i said . 
 `` you want to backtrack ? '' 
 dom asked . 
 `` fuck yeah , we need the guns , the ammo . 
 the water we accumulated . '' 
 cole looked at me , he did n't agree . 
 argued back and forth , not many agreeing with me . 
 this is the team dynamic , they may want to play it safe , but i know how to survive . 
 `` we need guns , i will go back . 
 i 'll take a vehicle in the lot , '' i told them . 
 `` savage , '' dom called , `` you ca n't . 
 these people need you here . '' 
 `` you pulled me from my safe house , i was safe and you guys came destroyed everything i had . 
 i 'm trying but come on dom ! 
 we need to go back . '' 
 large trucks roared close , at first i thought they were buses . 
 sirens called out . 
 they were purposely calling out the dead . 
 crazy fools . 
 loud gun shots rang , ear piercing . 
 `` kill them all ! '' 
 a woman calls on a speaker . 
 we went to the windows . 
 big black trucks & armed forces . 
 they were definitely mercenaries . 
 they shot all the zombies . 
 `` fire station to the left , '' the speaker woman called out . 
 `` investigate . '' 
 `` do we stay ? '' 
 a woman from the fire station asked . 
 `` no way , '' i told her , not after the things i 've witnessed . 
 they were not here for saving . 
 `` we should go around back and take their truck , '' one of the guys from the fire station said , i looked at him . 
 `` aiden , '' he said . 
 `` we should . '' 
 `` they 're coming this way . 
 everybody in the back . 
 savage hope you locked this place up good , '' dom said . 
 they moved into the back , praying . 
 i covered the turret truck with fire blankets and hid along the wall , they tried the doors . 
 banged on windows . 
 heard them talk of tools . 
 `` mark it on gps , team 2 needs back up , '' the speaker woman ordered . 
 they rushed to their trucks , one came back and placed a beacon . 
 people that were in the station must have went out a back door , they came around the building and ran to the trucks `` help us , '' they cried . 
 the mercs did n't even think twice they opened fire and shot them all dead . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 dom yells . 
 `` those pricks will pay . 
 savage on turret . '' 
 had no idea what he planned . 
 jumped on turret and cole opened the doors , he rolled out . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 dom ordered . 
 i did as told . 
 aimed and shot . 
 one of the trucks sped away not wanting a battle . 
 took out a whole crew , did n't even think about it . 
 they deserved what they got . 
 cole led the team to their truck found two more , they gave up , tossed their weapons . 
 `` you do n't know who you 're fucking with , '' one said . 
 `` you killed them , '' i pointed . 
 the teen girl jumped on the truck , `` you 're fucking awesome on this thing . '' 
 she smiled and smacked my ass . 
 i looked at her , unsure . 
 aiden jumped in their truck , `` taking out their gps and the trackers . 
 they wo n't find us . '' 
 dom gathered the others . 
 `` this is the point of no return with us or stay . 
 we 're taking their truck . '' 
 `` back to gps 16 we were attacked , '' speaker woman ordered . 
 20 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon it was people like them that made me sick of this hell hole in the first place . 
 dressing up like heroes and killing the innocent . 
 just sick ! 
 this was gps 16 . 
 how many more did they have ? 
 how many other assholes were driving around out there dressed like soldiers , killing families ? 
 found the dog almost hiding under the seat in the truck with the turret . 
 again , happy to see me . 
 do n't know if all this will last . 
 before they burnt down my home i was just surviving . 
 now i 'm a killer . 
 they made me take lives of the living . 
 this was n't about the dead . 
 i could feel it black on my soul . 
 damn spot that will never go away . 
 petting that dog and standing my ground is n't gon na make it go away . 
 there we were , the new assault vehicle . 
 the turret . 
 couple vans with a bunch of strangers . 
 all possibly following us into doom . 
 the teen girl was right next to me , holding her firearm like dirty harry . 
 she was silent , staring off into the streets littered with dead . 
 i wondered if the girl cracked . 
 i think she may have lost everyone close to her . 
 been there , even before all this walking dead shit started . 
 why did i push so many people away ? 
 did n't trust anyone . 
 did n't let anyone love me . 
 i got what i wanted , i was alone . 
 no worries , no pain . 
 guess they heard the trucks cause those scum sucking bottom feeders started coming out of the wood works . 
 crashing through stores , and etc. . 
 i started taking them down . 
 the girl firing , not bad , conserved ammo like a pro . 
 too many video games . 
 the awesome power of the new truck . 
 made swiss cheese out of those walking mold bags . 
 that 's not nice to say . 
 some of those zombies were people once . 
 not their fault . 
 we knew there were other 's somewhere out there , looking for people just like us . 
 survivors . 
 they would kill us and take what we have . 
 the plan was to try and get the other truck . 
 as far as we could tell there were at least two in the area , judging by the radio chatter . 
 if we took em out , we would have three assault trucks . 
 that would help us double back to the bus where i had the bag of ammo . 
 then onwards . 
 we will go to the red truck , only they did n't know it yet . 
 dom was against it . 
 bullets are hard to come by out here . 
 stores were raided . 
 21 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon i do n't know how but them bastards in death spitting trucks tracked them . 
 night had fell on us like a hammer . 
 at first we could n't see . 
 thank god for night vision scopes and goggles . 
 fake soldiers have all the coolest toys . 
 did n't help seeing through the creepy fog though . 
 fog , mist or what ever you want to call it always seems to linger around at night . 
 i have a theory it has something to do with the dead . 
 their bodies would disappear in floating white over broken streets . 
 it made them hard to see but we could still smell them . 
 hear em ' too . 
 i was looking through the new goggles dom gave me . 
 little dials and gages , who the hell knows what all that stuff means ? 
 i saw things . 
 they were limping , crawling , stalking . 
 they were on rooftops , in the trees , and even walking right up to us . 
 we had to pick our moment . 
 one shot at the wrong time and were gon na be swarmed with the walking dead . 
 they would pull and bite us . 
 eat us ! 
 and that 's it , all over . 
 kept my aim on one . 
 if i did n't know any better , id say he was hopping . 
 he was at a park . 
 it might have been a child . 
 weirdest thing i saw . 
 boom ! 
 the girl fired . 
 one had gotten so close in the fog , i could see his rotting corpse right beside the truck . 
 we rode over the zombie 's skull , crushing it like a grape . 
 lot 's of them were coming out now . 
 killed at least 17 myself . 
 teen girl took 8 for sure . 
 only saw her reload once . 
 before she was all smiles . 
 since the old man did the right thing , she was all business . 
 we came out over a small bridge . 
 overlooked a store lined street below . 
 looks like someone had already pushed all the cars out of the way . 
 we heard shots fired . 
 no zombies to see up here . 
 there were a lot down there . 
 all hoarded up in one spot , swarming like a pile of maggots . 
 we could hear em ' eating . 
 girl 's face twisted into disgust . 
 could hear someone from the vans , puking his guts out . 
 this is why i 'm alone . 
 one of them zombies on the top of the pile reared his ugly head and looked right up at us sitting ducks , idol on the bridge . 
 he howled . 
 some of them started returning the call from far away . 
 the radio came on . 
 i could hear a woman screaming . 
 it chilled me to the bone . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 saw light flickering on the second floor of a near by store . 
 it was swarming with them , screaming evil . 
 the zombies in the pile cleared away and started running for the bridge , right at us . 
 i turned the guns and let em have it . 
 they fell away like bunnies and ducks at the fair . 
 under the living dead pile was one of the assault vehicles . 
 poor bastards finally bit it . 
 i heard some of the strangers with us screaming . 
 i turned the guns around and found them being pulled out of the last van by the dead . 
 the bridge was quickly being covered . 
 if i shot at the van i would kill em all . 
 was it better than being eaten ? 
 i asked myself . 
 maybe . 
 before i could do anything , dom and the other 's led an attack on foot . 
 machetes and guns flaring . 
 they cut through them pushing them back . 
 my god , the van was empty . 
 they were gone . 
 i could see the blank look on the girl 's face . 
 heard the shots from the assault vehicle . 
 damn zombies were coming up the other side . 
 they were coming right at us . 
 this was n't a battle . 
 it was a war . 
 they were coming in waves . 
 22 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon `` grenades ! '' 
 dom yelled . 
 i looked at the girl , `` in the door , get them . '' 
 she got them fast and tried handing them to me . 
 i turned the guns . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 some listened but the dead drowned me out with their noises . 
 i cut a lot of them down then grabbed the grenade from her . 
 hoped that all i knew of these little monsters was true . 
 held the little death in my throwing hand , twisted and pulled the safety pin out . 
 then over-arm threw the grenade into the largest group of the walking dead , `` fire in the hole ! '' 
 the team turned tail and ran from the swarm . 
 the grenade bounced off a zombie 's head , i was shocked it did n't explode . 
 it twisted in the air and landed at their feet . 
 i was mortified . 
 it exploded , like a rush of water the dead flew into the air and crashed back to the ground . 
 some of them into pieces . 
 tossed another one . 
 team made it to the trucks , reloaded and continued the war . 
 they would n't stop coming the frecking dead . 
 i shot up as many as i could see . 
 it all seemed hopeless , an unending fight . 
 like a video game with fast respawn rates . 
 the girl watched my back pointing the dead out to me . 
 rain came at us out of nowhere , the weather seemed to take a down turn . 
 made it harder to see but was washing the heat and the smell away . 
 the rain messed with the dead , they became disoriented like their senses were messed up . 
 took the advantage . 
 `` get in the fucking trucks . '' 
 not sure who all got in where but we started moving . 
 never stopped firing . 
 the truck bounced smashing over the dead like hitting pylons . 
 some of them got caught in the wheels , could feel it . 
 one lifted over the truck and landed on the turret . 
 the girl booted him off the truck . 
 right side of the truck lifted high in the air , i grabbed on and tried to shove it back level to no success . 
 it tipped over in a loud crash . 
 23 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon vibrations woke me , have no idea what happened or how long i was out . 
 the girl was on the turret with the truck on its side , what a sight . 
 something moved , turned to see a zombie crawling towards me with no legs and missing an arm . 
 his face covered in bites , its eyes all white . 
 i checked my body for one of the guns , bang . 
 dom stood next to me , his arm obviously broken . 
 blood on his face , gun in his hand . 
 `` savage , '' he was shoved down from behind , i yanked my gun free and shot three of the dead that were rushing us . 
 one of our claimed trucks came closer . 
 the once strangers piled out , guns booming , the dead falling . 
 hands grabbed at me , they were warm , so i knew it was n't a walking dead . 
 heard the voice over the radio again , she chimed about something but i could n't make it out . 
 she yelled this time . 
 `` you people form ranks . '' 
 `` get up , fight , take out the bridge , '' she demanded . 
 one of the team pulled me up , he grinned . 
 `` never disappointed before , get the grenades . '' 
 `` noah , '' dom yelled , `` lets do it . '' 
 they grabbed grenades and marched behind us at the largest group of the dead . 
 they tossed the grenades . 
 the explosions shook the bridge . 
 `` hey ! 
 we need to get off here first , '' i screamed . 
 the teen girl came to me , `` glad you 're okay , '' she said . 
 i nodded to her and grabbed the radio from the tactical truck . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i asked the woman . 
 `` get off the bridge moron , '' she sang . 
 what the hell were we doing ? 
 only forward or back a bad spot to be . 
 `` listen from my vantage point i can see more coming , '' she said . 
 `` move ! '' 
 cole came to the group that formed around me , he had the dog in his arms , barking and whining . 
 shots sounding all around us . 
 hard to think . 
 others heard her orders , no-one was sure what should be done . 
 i knew the only way to survive was to keep going . 
 `` guns this way , '' i moved . 
 led them forward shooting , some stayed to watch dom and noah 's back . 
 the bridge rumbled and a column fell away down into the street below . 
 we cut row after row down of the walking dead . 
 could hear the trucks at our backs . 
 dom and two others bringing the vehicles with us . 
 the turret truck had winch wires on it , it dragged off the bridge pushing the dead like a shovel to snow . 
 noah shot at a pile of grenades . 
 the bridge exploded at our backs sending dust and and debris into the air . 
 the teen girl in front of me shooting the dead like at an arcade . 
 held the radio from the mercenaries truck and spoke into it . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 it was silent , we were in a street dead all around us , more coming . 
 24 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon lights flashing down the street , a truck was coming , gunning its way closer . 
 i could only think of getting to higher ground . 
 vantage point . 
 `` how many are you ? '' 
 the woman over the radio asked . 
 i looked around knew not to tell her the numbers . 
 `` where do we go ! '' 
 she went quiet . 
 could n't wait , heard a couple guns click empty . 
 glanced around only light was coming from one building , everything else was dark and empty . 
 problem was , store was surrounded by the dead , some on the first floor . 
 the truck turned down towards the store . 
 they hopped out shooting . 
 one got too close and a group of zombies pulled him to the ground feasting on him like a pack of wild dogs . 
 saw his hands yank at a grenade . 
 the shock force sent the zombies into the air as the grenade exploded , the merc 's flew backwards smacking into their truck and the ground . 
 ran forward and shot as many of the zombies as i could making my way into the building , teen girl at my back , hopefully the others too . 
 something grabbed at my leg , i aimed down . 
 it was a guy in body armor . 
 `` help ! '' 
 he pleaded . 
 i grabbed him and dragged his body to the stairs . 
 dom lifted the guys other arm and we carried him up the stairwell . 
 the door had bars on it , a new decoration . 
 banged on the door hard . 
 body armor guy grabbed his cellphone and texted something , the door swung open , guns in our faces . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 they tried to close the door . 
 aiden threw himself into the door , he winced against the bars but wedged it open . 
 we piled into the doorway forcing ourselves into the hall . 
 they moved back still aiming their guns , unable to shoot . 
 `` cut it out ! '' 
 a woman ordered . 
 `` everybody get in here and shut the fucking door . '' 
 she led us to a room , it was bare . 
 `` you have something of ours , '' she said . 
 she was the woman on the radio . 
 something moved upstairs . 
 she glanced up , then back at us . 
 `` your people killed some of us . '' 
 she did n't even try to look shocked . 
 `` the things we have is payment . '' 
 guns never went down , we held our stance still holding one of theirs . 
 others started coming in the room , the dog leapt from cole and barked . 
 one of them aimed at the dog , i dropped my side of the armored guy and socked the bastard aiming at my dog . 
 he hit the ground like a brick . 
 somebody shot , i hit another and another . 
 grabbed the woman and pulled her into me , she struggled but i wrapped my arm around her throat . 
 her back against my chest , held her tight in my grip , she struggled but i would n't let go . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` now its time to make a deal . '' 
 25 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon they all took aim at me . 
 `` i can take him cap , '' this big black guy said looking down at me from his tall stance . 
 `` i 'll shoot her , '' i said . 
 `` fuck do you want ? '' 
 she cried out . 
 `` just time to think and move on . 
 that 's all , '' i said . 
 `` like hell . 
 you got our guns , '' black guy said . 
 `` you led us here on the radio , '' i stated . 
 the radio sounded again . 
 `` where the hell did you go ? 
 more came . 
 are you still alive ? '' 
 we all stared at each other . 
 this was not the woman who talked us off the bridge . 
 `` answer her , '' dom stated , rising his gun at her . 
 i shoved her forward , letting go of my bargaining chip and answered the radio . 
 `` we 're here . 
 we 're alive . 
 where are you ? '' 
 26 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon a rumble shook the whole street . 
 the lights flickered and then went out . 
 we all stood there in the dark barely able to see each other . 
 saw flickering reflection of fire from the street outside . 
 it danced on the glass of thick window . 
 something was burning , we could smell it . 
 `` i 'm on toreg and spark st. '' the radio bawked . 
 i searched the eyes of these strangers in the dark . 
 they wanted to know who this person was . 
 brought the radio up to my face and pushed the button . 
 `` i 'm in some kind of office building near the bridge , '' i claimed . 
 the static sound echoed in the small long room . 
 more creaking upstairs . 
 the same woman i just held captive , moved closer to me . 
 radio came on again , making us all jump . 
 `` you need to get out of there . 
 i just took a look and the whole place is surrounded by crawlies . '' 
 dom shrugged at me and came closer . 
 `` the dead ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , '' the voice replied . 
 `` there 's got ta be at least a hundred , maybe more . '' 
 a thud made us look up . 
 i turned the light on my gun and aimed at the ceiling . 
 everybody gasped . 
 a dead milky eye watched us through a hole . 
 the smell was so bad , i choked . 
 it watched and snarled . 
 it scratched the floor trying to get at us . 
 it wanted to kill us and eat us . 
 the building shook again . 
 some of the children screamed . 
 dust fell from the ceiling and the wall came down right behind them . 
 the dead . 
 they came right through the drywall . 
 they must have been just hanging out there licking their chops , listening to our voices . 
 shoved as many people as i could towards the only door . 
 dom turned and opened fire , taking out the big window . 
 glass everywhere . 
 screaming . 
 people were being taken down in the dark . 
 hands on me , could n't tell who was alive or dead . 
 i saw the teen girl getting cornered . 
 opened fire . 
 most of us did n't make it out of the building . 
 hope they never rise infected . 
 the teen girl tight in my grip . 
 i shoved her out of the way . 
 started thinning the flock . 
 my god , so many . 
 standing in the street , all around the vehicles . 
 even the new one uncovered . 
 we were lost . 
 there was no way to get to any of the vehicles . 
 people were being eaten . 
 it was a nightmare . 
 why did i let them burn down my home ? 
 27 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon buildings in the row we just happened to be standing by were burning down . 
 pieces of flaming wreckage was falling into the street . 
 it was chaos , most of the survivors were running off on their own in all directions . 
 i walked , shooting my way , trying to find safety . 
 the radio chirping , not sure what it was saying . 
 not sure where everyone was . 
 my foot hit something . 
 an ak47 from the fire station . 
 before i could blink , the teen girl had it tight in her grip . 
 she was trying to control the spray of death , lifting her arms with each pull . 
 bullets whizzed by us , spraying infected blood and body parts over the already wet pavement . 
 we kept walking . 
 shooting , watching them die . 
 dom was at our backs now . 
 he was throwing what was left of his grenades into the crowds of the dead . 
 i shot a parked car across the street . 
 the parked car 's car alarm went off , crying out into the sea of the dead . 
 soon it was surrounded , being swarmed by the dead things . 
 cole had the dog wrapped under his arm . 
 he was being surrounded . 
 the roar of an engine grabbed us , even the zombies . 
 a large bus pulled up . 
 guns sticking out of the sides , firing into the crowd of the dead . 
 the side doors opened . 
 a tall muscular woman reached her hand out . 
 `` women and children first , '' she screamed . 
 the buss started rocking . 
 `` there 's too many ! '' 
 a voice screamed from inside . 
 she was yanked out . 
 they devoured her in seconds . 
 the dead started boarding the open bus . 
 we helped as best as we could . 
 we were running out of ammo . 
 just as we rounded the corner only to find more of the dead , a large metal door opened on a warehouse . 
 a man in body armor waved at me . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he yelled , `` run ! '' 
 metal shutters on the second level opened and men with ar 15 's fired into the dead . 
 all that was left of us ... he smacked us on the back as we entered the building . 
 i looked back , thankful to see so many familiar faces of those who made it . 
 the dog got the most attention , people talked about their pets and how they had dogs as kids . 
 the dog loved it . 
 someone asked his name . 
 unsure of what to say i changed the subject . 
 the guy who let us in showed us where some food and drink was , `` my name 's camron , '' he told us . 
 `` you need anything or talk to someone , do n't hesitate to ask , '' camron continued . 
 another man in body armor searched us with his dark eyes . 
 both dom and i noticed . 
 the dark eyed man was lean , also in body armor . 
 he saw us then stepped off for other tasks . 
 not sure about this . 
 the presence in the room was slightly uneasy . 
 could hear the gurgling of the dead outside . 
 `` wish this place was sound proof , '' camron said . 
 doors opened at the other end of the room , a woman & a couple others walked in with her . 
 she surveyed us , `` you will need to earn your keep . '' 
 28 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon `` glad to see you made it alive , '' she continued . 
 she was talking to me like she knew me . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` your radio friend . '' 
 we stared at each other . 
 `` you were screaming for help , '' i stated . 
 `` i was across the street in a surplus store at the time . 
 lost 3 men . '' 
 `` you have all these people and all you took were three ? '' 
 `` easier with few people . 
 and this is everybody . 
 as you see we 're short an army . '' 
 she said army . 
 i knew it . 
 this had the stink of those raiders pretending to be army all over it . 
 i looked around ready to fight . 
 `` look at him . 
 ready . 
 that 's what we need around here . 
 it 's all i 've been saying , '' she states , pointing at me . 
 the men just nod at me . 
 all i could do was listen and wait . 
 they gave us food . 
 we even got to take showers and clean up . 
 they gave us a chance to rest . 
 i did n't sleep much . 
 damn nightmares . 
 i was playing catch with my dad . 
 it was nice at first . 
 his greying hair peaking out his cap . 
 smiles . 
 he 'd throw the ball . 
 i 'd catch it and throw it back . 
 i noticed the world burning down behind him . 
 him still smiling and tossing the ball . 
 there were a lot of things wrong with this dream . 
 i never played catch with my dad in my life . 
 i never saw him smile like that . 
 the fire . 
 after a bit he started to talk . 
 `` you know i 'm dead right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i replied . 
 `` why you playin catch with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he looked up , i looked up . 
 planes falling out of the sky . 
 birds catching fire . 
 buildings crumbling . 
 blood raining down on us everywhere . 
 i was knocked to the ground . 
 he was on top of me . 
 his face decaying . 
 `` watch ! '' 
 he rasped . 
 he became dead in front of me then tried to bite . 
 my eyes shot open in the dark . 
 even after all that it was still the best sleep i had in months . 
 just once i want to sleep and wake up new . 
 29 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon felt sluggish until i got some food , they had coffee . 
 my radio friend came and sat beside me , she patted my leg and smiled . 
 `` scarlett . '' 
 `` my name is scarlett . 
 savage right , '' she stated more than asked . 
 `` we need to get you guys making ammo . '' 
 heard cheering in my head . 
 she explained that they have the tools and supplies needed but low on hands , also it would be a good skill to get my people to learn . 
 worked on making ammunition for hours , never can have too much in a time like this . 
 our once lack of ammo is a long lost worry . 
 scarlett got us each holding an ar15 . 
 `` listen up . 
 we need to make this work perfect . 
 training is key to all our survival . 
 march forward . '' 
 training became repetitive , all of us scarlett 's and my people all doing the shooting line . 
 `` retreat , forward , one on the left . 
 rooftop . '' 
 everyone was getting familiar with holding the guns and moving as a team . 
 you would n't think it to be hard , but moving together takes skill . 
 a guy in armor bursts into the room . 
 `` possible breach left side windows . '' 
 someone screamed , a horrible guttural cry . 
 i think it was a woman . 
 `` savage , with me , '' scarlett ordered . 
 put a full clip in the ar15 and followed her running to the scream . 
 shots cried out with a bang . 
 we entered the doorway a window to the far side was broken , plastic tarps blowing in the wind . 
 `` what the hell , '' scarlett growled . 
 the guy who informed us entered the room . 
 `` two people are missing . 
 they never checked in this morning . '' 
 searched but found no dead anywhere . 
 scarlett led me to a supply room she closed the door and leaned her head against the wall . 
 `` the missing people , they fled last night . '' 
 she was pissed , maybe even sad . 
 `` going after them ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 they 're already dead . 
 team on the roof spotted their bodies . '' 
 `` they complained about hearing the zombies out there . 
 the sounds they make the smell . '' 
 i thought i should say something , but nothing came . 
 what should i do tell her everything will get better , well it is n't , dead all around us . 
 no way to tell how longer we could last like this . 
 `` everyone needs to know how these guns react when fired , '' i told her , `` we can go to the roof , stand our line and cut the walking dead down . '' 
 30 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon we went up to the roof , the dead gurgling and making weird noises . 
 some got right freaked out . 
 went to the edge and looked out at them . 
 so many i gave up on counting , some crawling towards the building all of them out there , staring at us , smelling us or something . 
 `` fire-line , forward , '' scarlett ordered , `` check guns , aim , '' she waited . 
 we all aimed . 
 `` fire . '' 
 she raised her gun , joined us in the shooting . 
 the walking dead formed pile after pile of bullet ridden bodies . 
 some still moving . 
 we unload so much ammo we all ended up making more . 
 it 's mundane repeating the same thing over again , felt like them outside . 
 `` that 's so gross , '' the teen girl said . 
 pulling me from my world . 
 i looked over to them all sitting around the same table making bullets . 
 `` savage , come here , '' she called . 
 i grabbed my stuff and joined them . 
 `` we 're talking about where we were when , you know , it happened , '' she continued . 
 `` yeah , '' cole said , `` katie here said she . '' 
 katie smacked him . 
 `` i want to hear his first , '' katie said . 
 i looked at them unsure what details should i include . 
 i 've been here before telling zombie stories . 
 `` come on , '' dom offered , `` lets hear it . '' 
 that bastard putting me on the spot . 
 `` fine , was at the movies . 
 it was very hot , in a dark theatre . '' 
 `` oh shit , '' noah said , `` how did that go down ? '' 
 stared at him , `` went to see avatar 2 opening night , so many people all over the place . '' 
 the memories flooded back , what a horrible place to be . 
 i can always remember the smell , the chill i got after seeing the bite victim . 
 do n't think it was the first , close enough , never heard of it before that night . 
 `` the place was packed , feature presentations were rolling . '' 
 `` a scream so loud , drowned out the imax speakers . 
 someone leapt up from the floor level . 
 could see she was covered in blood from my seat . '' 
 dom was just looking at me , the others all silent waiting to hear what happened . 
 something about dom , he knew about this , was he there . 
 `` some boy in a wheel chair was swinging at her . 
 other people got up went to her , thinking some accident happened . 
 others just frozen . '' 
 the woman i took captive in the other building had tears , was she being truthful , do n't know . 
 `` one of them reached for the boy , he bit her . '' 
 `` his head lunged at her , she never expected him to bite . 
 she cried out and her husband leapt from his seat and grabbed onto her . '' 
 `` did n't think the bite was fatale but she collapsed fast , her husband freaking out and yelling on his phone . 
 his lovely wife , dead . '' 
 `` nobody knew what was happening some assholes were yelling for silence so they can see the movie . 
 staff entered , ambulance was called . '' 
 `` the guys wife started to get up , her eyes weird , foam at her mouth . 
 she jerked towards the closest and sunk her mouth into the victim . '' 
 `` the boy in the wheel chair got his 3rd victim now , one of the staff , a teenage girl , '' glanced at katie . 
 `` decided best to get the hell out . '' 
 `` the front row was polluted with them , the victims i guess . 
 they were acting weird . 
 the boy chewing on a chunk of flesh . 
 the others pale . '' 
 `` they moved strange , the man was staring at his wife . 
 she was biting another boy . 
 her face covered in blood . '' 
 i hate remembering this . 
 `` not a lot of people made it out of there , got home , got prepared for some epidemic but something worse came . 
 that 's it , '' i wanted it over . 
 scarlett entered , `` ready for round 2 of zombie shoot down , winner gets a new gun , '' she waved a heckler & koch 416 assault rifle . 
 `` lets go . '' 
 31 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon `` fifteen , '' aiden called out . 
 we were back on the roof taking the dead out as far as we could see . 
 `` 27 , '' camron boasted . 
 `` 39 , '' katie gloated . 
 lost count how many i sunk , the dead were everywhere and my mind was elsewhere . 
 dom stayed silent after my story , he had to know something . 
 we cleared so many of them the streets looked like they were built of bodies . 
 the smell got so bad a couple people vomited . 
 harsh times . 
 `` glad you 're all having fun , we have a serious problem here , '' scarlett informed us . 
 `` hope you liked making all the ammo because we need it . '' 
 `` the fire that went through here took out the power , this building has been running on generators and we have a couple hours of juice left . '' 
 the children that survived this long were not excited about not having power , some wailing others breaking down and sobbing . 
 it was awful . 
 got them busy preparing guns and supplies , told scarlett she needs to have a better manner in a time like this . 
 the kids need a barrier . 
 dom was hanging around his team a lot more , staying away from me . 
 something needed to be done about that , i want someone watching my back . 
 `` our power will be gone soon , we need a place to go but there is nowhere for us to go , '' scarlett said . 
 she was right , what will happen now ? 
 `` could we get more gas for the generators ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 `` it may be a possibility , but how long can we stay here ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 it was decided first thing in the morning we would go out the front doors and fire-line our way to search for supplies . 
 we needed a plan . 
 i was back at my apartment , the dog sitting at my feet . 
 the tv was all snow , a low hum filled the air . 
 then it was quiet , eerie and still . 
 the dog tugged at my foot , i got him to stop . 
 he leapt to his feet and grabbed onto my foot and tugged with all his strength pulling me . 
 i hit the floor . 
 bang . 
 my eyes shot open a dead boy at my feet , his hands on my boot , face covered in blood . 
 it looked like he was smiling . 
 1 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon i reached for my gun and he snarled at me . 
 i felt him leap on top of me . 
 boom ! 
 his body flew aside and crashed into the cement wall . 
 i grabbed my gun and faced him . 
 half his chest torn open , he still tried to crawl to me . 
 i shot , tears in my eyes , i fired , sorrow in me . 
 it was n't fair . 
 he was one of the kids that survived all this time . 
 we took them here . 
 we pulled them in our run of death . 
 all this inside . 
 i could n't tell them . 
 i could n't talk about it . 
 i felt like i was cracking . 
 i could n't hide here . 
 no apartment to drown in . 
 when i had my own place , i could close the shades . 
 i could throw on a movie and forget about all this , numb myself even for just a while . 
 out here , the dead are around you 24/7 . 
 out here you kept seeing their faces . 
 we were compromised now . 
 more will turn and we have to wait . 
 i had to face these people every day knowing that any of them could suddenly lunge out at me and end what 's left of my pitiful life . 
 all i want is things back the way they were before . 
 it was n't perfect , but at least i could sleep . 
 god i miss normal dreams . 
 normal life . 
 do you know how hard it is to hide your true feelings , your true thoughts all the time ? 
 i do . 
 letting a bunch of strangers know you is bad . 
 sometimes when they turn , they remember stuff . 
 they show up to kill family and friends . 
 one day you might have to put someone you love down . 
 fucking zombies ! 
 what was i supposed to do with this ? 
 i had to survive . 
 i had to put him down and now all the hard shit is coming . 
 we lined up , waiting to be checked . 
 naked , shivering on the roof . 
 looking for bites or signs of infection . 
 people eating , drinking tainted . 
 there were so many deaths . 
 i do n't want to relive it . 
 i know i started this thing to tell some survivors something if i did n't make it . 
 i wish i could get the visions out of my head . 
 the smells . 
 the cries . 
 parents lost their children . 
 children lost their loved ones . 
 too much . 
 i 'm not ashamed to say i wept . 
 i was alone when i did . 
 half of those we brought were infected . 
 when we were rounded up was really bad . 
 we found six zombies wondering around . 
 turned and forever lost . 
 that poor bastard who never said anything from the coke truck . 
 dom wept . 
 that quiet guy , was a girl . 
 she dressed like a guy so she would n't get raped by raiders . 
 he found her hiding in a building . 
 she was alone , injured , starving . 
 he nursed her back to health and gave her some training . 
 she had purpose . 
 now she was gone . 
 he was alone . 
 the next couple of days were spent training those who can hold a gun . 
 many moments spraying into the dead . 
 they were crowding around . 
 two birds one stone . 
 clearing the way and teaching the young ones to shoot . 
 except for the circumstance , it was nice . 
 i found out the bus that was sent out , was sent by the people we were with . 
 after the horde was thinned , we decided to go have a look . 
 salvaging was a way of life now . 
 you get used to it . 
 sometimes it could be gross , like taking some ammo off a dead body , or burning them . 
 we walked in a line , children , men , women , all stretched across the road . 
 we had a reason to fight and a reason to live . 
 we will survive . 
 i could see the bus . 
 a few of the dead standing around . 
 `` runnin hot . '' 
 katie screamed . 
 the dead looked our way and were cut down by the guns . 
 the twitcher patrol walked ahead and made sure they were all put down with some new skull candy . 
 zombie brain surprise . 
 cold , i know . 
 we got to the gleaming bus , rusted with blood spattered over the frame . 
 we could clearly see them moving about inside . 
 maybe three . 
 dom lead the breach . 
 i was right behind him . 
 i did n't trust his judgment . 
 he did n't sleep since the girl died . 
 i know what that 's like . 
 they were near the back of the bus . 
 i could see some mags of ammo , on one the armored zombies . 
 they came to save us and died . 
 we put them down . 
 made sure they were dead and kicked em out the back door . 
 i jumped out and saw something move from under a parked car . 
 i was alone back there . 
 bang ! 
 infected brain matter exploded over the pavement . 
 katie stood only a few feet away , grinning back at me . 
 sometimes they hide . 
 they get someplace dark and they wait for you . 
 on that walk back to your car . 
 back to your house . 
 in your closet . 
 they come in your house when you 're in weakness . 
 you got ta be ready . 
 could be your uncle , your neighbor . 
 zombies remember and they come . 
 life can be a fickle thing when you 're unprepared . 
 i heard a grunt . 
 the top half of a woman , draggin her guts across the ashfault . 
 she came fast , i shot , missed her head . 
 the dead bitch was heading right for katie . 
 revenge . 
 i was back in that theater again . 
 screaming ! 
 the shit hole where i lost her . 
 i unloaded a spray of bullets , destroying the dead crawling thing . 
 i recognized her face too . 
 it was that poor woman on the bus , reaching her hand out to us . 
 the woman who was brave enough to come and save our pitiful lives . 
 i told you the walking dead remember . 
 she was torn apart , the infected come , even if there is just a little bit of them left . 
 they drag on . 
 2 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon i was looking over some of the stuff i wrote here . 
 i make some mistakes . 
 we 'll leave that shit to the editors of the world . 
 i 'll type . 
 all this time , it 's hard to get away . 
 found a netbook a while back . 
 damn keyboard is small but i can still tell ya about this hell on it . 
 eventually , we collected ammo and weapons off the lost and used our handmade ammo to cut away the rotting dead . 
 through the sea of flesh . 
 with the bus being driven behind us , we cut through them . 
 we shot and killed the already dead . 
 we destroyed the rotting carcasses twitching . 
 seeing them kids firing their guns , seeing the knowing in their eyes that they will make it built a fire in me . 
 i was tired , but i pushed . 
 we uncovered one of the army vehicles , lost to the raiders . 
 the damn woman i once fought off and held for protection , right beside me . 
 i could see her eyes glass over . 
 a man sat at the wheel . 
 his face against the dash . 
 as soon as we approached , he awakened . 
 he moved . 
 snarling in the window . 
 the glass fogging over . 
 damn zombies , go back to hell ! 
 that voice screaming in my head : shoot ! 
 run ! 
 she fell against the door . 
 `` no ... '' she cried . 
 her hand sliding over the glass . 
 she was gone , could n't hear us anymore . 
 i seen it happen . 
 something just snapped in her . 
 she would never be the same . 
 i grabbed her and pulled her back on the pavement . 
 she stared at the truck . 
 just saying `` charlie . '' 
 over and over again . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` elise , '' one of her once soldiers called out . 
 i looked at her . 
 `` he 's not coming back . 
 that thing ai n't him anymore . 
 you know better than this . 
 now git yer sorry ass up and help me put that thing down . '' 
 shaking her head she just babbled the name . 
 i walked towards the door and opened it . 
 i grabbed him by the leg and threw him on the road . 
 many shots hit him from many guns in the hands of many people . 
 she screamed out ! 
 wailing like a banshee . 
 calling all the horde to eat . 
 soon i was on the line , my back against another , firing into the encroaching dead . 
 they just kept coming like ocean waves . 
 sea of zombies . 
 3 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon it was like watching an ant hill , zombies just kept coming . 
 my gun clicked empty , the sound of doom . 
 5 of them seen me , no longer shooting . 
 they rushed towards me , my hands fumbled as i reloaded . 
 one crawled under our bus and was trying to get into the open door , it had armor on . 
 tried to get back to where it last remembered . 
 i took care of the 5 in front of me , way too close for my liking . 
 i missed the head on two . 
 one of their arms blown off , it still came at me . 
 katie walked closer aimed and blew his head apart . 
 the other i put down . 
 she smiled . 
 what a dark time on such a bright day . 
 sun sat high in the blue sky with thin clouds . 
 it was warm . 
 the sun had a downside it baked the dead . 
 the rotting corpses that were down for the count festered from the heat and caused the worst stomach turning smell i 've ever experienced . 
 over the sounds of shooting i hear the whine of a street bike . 
 the zombies heard it too . 
 a red suzuki hayabusa squealed around the corner . 
 the rider 's talent showed in how he maneuvered around the dead . 
 when one got too close he grabbed his shotgun and made them eat the shells . 
 some of us tried to help , clearing a path for him to make it to our line . 
 the zombies threw themselves in front of his bike and he flipped . 
 he got off a few shots but it was n't enough . 
 it became hard to witness so many people die at the hands of these infected walking dead . 
 one of elise 's once soldiers , a younger guy had seen enough . 
 he shot himself , fell at my feet , he was already dead . 
 elise just stared . 
 her eyes told the story , how much more can one person suffer before they can take no more . 
 i touched her shoulder and she jumped . 
 `` elise . '' 
 `` we have to fight , you have to do this . 
 for those we save . '' 
 was all i could come up with , i tried . 
 wanted to say more but what would it do . 
 she turned to the bus , needed to get out of here . 
 i saw the look . 
 zombie was at the open door , it jumped at her taking elise to the ground . 
 she screamed and everybody turned , no way could we shoot and not hit her . 
 she bent her knees lifting the infected away from her . 
 it gurgled . 
 she fought with it , her fists slamming into its face crushing bones . 
 it clawed at her , breaking fingers on her armor . 
 she wants to live . 
 ran to her , grabbed its arms and pulled the zombie off of her . 
 the thing howled in my grasp , calling others to help it . 
 she yelled and shot . 
 the head exploded in front of me , my ears ringing . 
 i turned my face when i saw her finger squeeze the trigger . 
 blood and brains scattered . 
 dropped the zombie and staggered to her . 
 she grabbed me and cried . 
 she was n't over , she was just beginning . 
 a new fire in her , one to live . 
 4 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon fought the dead with a hunger for survival . 
 did n't want to end up like them , nobody else wanted to either . 
 shot them all , a field of dead . 
 elise led as we searched her once army truck . 
 got guns and ammo . 
 after cleaning out the truck she wanted to command it , wanted me with her . 
 scarlett walked to elise , had some chosen words with her . 
 a team was formed two good guns , a couple of the kids none of her once force . 
 this was scarlett 's command now , she spread friends apart so new bonds would be formed . 
 i was in the bus , dom also . 
 needed to know more . 
 we got to dom 's turret truck , slowly approaching it . 
 the dead were around it , some just laying in the street . 
 they sat up when we got close . 
 camron on the roof of the bus with a sniper rifle , he took them out in quick succession . 
 dom was eager to get to his truck , i followed him . 
 katie and some others had our backs as we hooked up the winch wires . 
 `` what did you know about the theatre ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 dom looked at me . 
 how he answered this would determine what kind of person he is , will he lie to me and break the bond we formed . 
 damnit i wanted answers . 
 `` get moving ! '' 
 scarlett yelled . 
 `` we don `` t have much time . '' 
 we got into position and elise worked the winch , the truck flipped on its wheels . 
 dom put his hand on me , `` we 'll talk , '' he looks around , `` but not now and not here . 
 we will find time , i have questions for you too savage . '' 
 he yanks his gun free and blows away a deadling . 
 `` what the hell , '' dom yells , `` did n't any of you see that one . '' 
 katie was frozen crying . 
 this was right at the bridge , where so many were lost . 
 could she hold what strength she had left . 
 `` are you staying on the bus savage ? '' 
 i looked at her , already had my answer . 
 `` of course . '' 
 katie smiled and chewed on her lip . 
 `` lets go then . '' 
 a new team was formed to join dom . 
 the daylight seemed to be less every day , nights lasted the longest . 
 clouds in the sky , maybe a horrible storm was coming . 
 we need shelter . 
 5 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon the turret jeep would be one of the most useful , but it would n't start . 
 dom wanted to stay & get it fixed , scarlett wanted to cut the loses . 
 elise came in with her power , `` it 's needed , you were safe in the warehouse . 
 i was on the streets fighting , surviving . 
 we stay & fix it . '' 
 this will become a huge problem down the line . 
 it needed to be sorted out before the struggle took lives . 
 elise wanted to lead & she could . 
 scarlett had this look in her eyes , she knew how to end this but it would have consequences . 
 `` you order us around like dogs , '' elise yelled . 
 the argument got everyones attention . 
 this was a struggle for power . 
 `` you dictate who does what and when , control the guns and ammo . '' 
 scarlett did n't reply , she stepped back . 
 a huge mistake , elise took it as fear and moved closer . 
 `` control when we eat . 
 how much is left ? '' 
 a couple voices called out joining elise 's questions . 
 `` enough , '' i yelled . 
 `` get the truck running dom . 
 elise enough . '' 
 i stared at her angry . 
 she looked at me , her mouth agape . 
 guess she thought i was on her side , i want to survive and this ca n't happen not now . 
 scarlett found her voice , `` you did n't even know we were just down the road from you . '' 
 `` enough , this ca n't happen here . 
 dom hows it going ? '' 
 dom shook his head . 
 one of elise 's once army joins dom , in mins the truck was running . 
 he joined dom 's team . 
 `` lets move , '' scarlett ordered . 
 i almost laughed , not smart on her part or just to get under elise 's skin . 
 got in the bus and took the side door , ready for anything . 
 scarlett put her hand on me , `` we need to keep control . '' 
 looked at her , `` you need to tell us what inventory you have , food , guns , and water . '' 
 she was hiding something , just by the look in her eyes . 
 `` i have weapons that will make you cream your pants , not safe for everybody to use . '' 
 left it at that . 
 dom called on the radio `` zombies ahead . 
 holy fuck . 
 there 's way too many . '' 
 `` rocket launchers ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` just one , `` she said . 
 6 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon once we got over burnt plastic smell , which compared to rotting corpse smell was just peachy , we were on our miserable way , knee deep . 
 when i squeezed the trigger on that bad boy and them rockets sailed , i was transported to a happier time from my childhood . 
 kaboom ! 
 soft fleshy pieces flew everywhere . 
 the streets were painted with the innards of the infected . 
 score one for the living , i thought . 
 really it was pretty gross . 
 we wore face masks . 
 somehow as we got closer the smell got worse . 
 now it was the dead and burnt plastic . 
 win ? 
 after that , they seemed to just move on , what was left of em anyway . 
 i saw them mostly facing walls and wandering inside raided buildings . 
 as it came closer to dark though , they were getting braver . 
 we had to peg a few off as we pushed on . 
 frankly , i was n't surprised by them . 
 eventually we found the last missing military grade vehicle . 
 remote controlled guns on the roof . 
 think i saw em on that show sons of guns . 
 coulda used some of their hardware right now . 
 it 's funny how back in the day , what we thought important has no meaning now . 
 none at all . 
 tv , movies , music videos all selling sex - sex - sex . 
 when you 're spending your time trying to survive sex is the last thing on your mind . 
 pitch black , we slept in shifts , all pushing on . 
 it was decided to make a run for my bus and maybe even the red truck unless ... unless someone could come up with a better plan . 
 after the riots and then the evac , most stores have been picked clean . 
 we must live . 
 my eyes closed but i slept very little . 
 so many faces . 
 damn dead still haunt ya , even if you kill em a second time . 
 wish they would just go . 
 the little sleep i did manage to steal left me with fragmented images of my past . 
 embarrassing moments , old arguments , the zombie faces . 
 close range fire shook me awake . 
 it was so dark i could n't see . 
 rain was pelting the ground like marbles . 
 could n't even see the stars . 
 i could hear the dead walkers gurgling and groaning in hunger just beyond the window of the bus . 
 the rat tat tat of the guns grabbed me . 
 i could see katie firing off into the dead . 
 she turned and looked at me . 
 `` they 're getting too close ! '' 
 i shot up and grabbed an ak . 
 found a gun hole and started taking them out . 
 heard screaming up ahead . 
 the hair on my arms stood on end . 
 lightening punished the road . 
 the flash was too bright . 
 i covered my eyes . 
 i could hear scarlett screaming out . 
 dead fingers were wrapped around the barrel of her gun . 
 she was firing into the dead 's chest . 
 i ran up . 
 some guy in a red ball cap was trying to pull on her to help her out . 
 i pulled my 9 mm . 
 with careful aim and a laser sight , i shot at the hand , black and green oozing off . 
 bastard was n't letting go . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 scarlett pulled . 
 before i realized what i was doing , i had my serrated machete in my grasp . 
 the hand was half way off . 
 damn zombie was howling . 
 calling out . 
 by the long slender fingers , i could tell the dead thing was once a woman . 
 it had a wedding ring on . 
 my god this thing was a wife , a mom . 
 the hand came loose . 
 i could see others running for the bus . 
 they came to tip us and eat us . 
 scarlett yanked her gun in . 
 i fired with my gun . 
 the shot echoed , that buzzing noise in my ears was n't good . 
 more of my hearing gone . 
 soon they 're gon na be able to just come up on me . 
 another flash off to the side of the road . 
 the ground shook . 
 that was an explosion . 
 good ol' dom . 
 still do n't trust him . 
 man burned my home . 
 7 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon soon all the gun slots were being taken up by unknowns . 
 katie was there , scarlett too . 
 ran to the front and saw the dead bastards moving in . 
 the ones on both sides were gettin cut down . 
 the ones in the front though were layin down . 
 if i did n't know any better , i would say they . 
 ... they had a plan . 
 die up front , gummy the wheels . 
 gummy the wheels , stop the bus and eat us . 
 i could see the others have same problems . 
 i jumped up grabbing the bars . 
 one foot on the tops on two seats . 
 opened the top and peeked my head up . 
 `` gimmie a gun , '' i yelled . 
 scarlett handed me up something . 
 it was an m16 machine gun . 
 heavily modded . 
 i barely recognized it . 
 for a usually loud gun , it was whispered . 
 i blew through the first mag on the dead trying to lay down like ants . 
 they would get up close , trying to gum up the wheels . 
 very bad . 
 the others with their gatlings and chain guns got the idea . 
 together we started taking them out before they got too close . 
 it was hell . 
 we were getting pretty good at it too . 
 conserving ammo . 
 we were down to about two bullets per head . 
 god knows i can do shots all day . 
 i had lots of practice since all this started . 
 you think about the corny movies and the bad stories but inside it was n't real . 
 i was calling shots out . 
 `` got the one in the red suit . '' 
 some one else would call out . 
 `` three over the hill . '' 
 shots fired , down they went . 
 this went on till morning . 
 it was still pretty dark . 
 i was soaked from the hard rain by the time i came back in . 
 would imagine others were . 
 got that wet shirt off . 
 ya do n't feel funny changing in front of strangers when you could die from pneumonia . 
 luckily we had some spares . 
 noticed katie stealing a glance . 
 a few others did too , made me nervous . 
 i do n't swing that way . 
 what the hell is with that now ? 
 just be you . 
 some time passed and we finally came up on that bus . 
 still saw the dead lingering in the dawn . 
 the orangey light bathing their corpses . 
 there was a call for an ammo count . 
 we were still good . 
 thank god . 
 if we did n't have any bullets , it would have been machete time . 
 you get that close , it 's no good . 
 you get scratched , bit , get blood in your mouth , you 're done ! 
 no questions no cure , just done and gone . 
 these zombies have something we do n't . 
 they have the ability to infect you with a well placed drop of blood . 
 you get some on you , disinfect . 
 some people get some on them , disinfect and they 're fine . 
 seen others get just a little and go bananas . 
 they turn over night and hunger . 
 we 're comin up on my bus , all locked up , just like i left her . 
 it even took me a while to get in . 
 people watchin my back . 
 it was peachy . 
 try doing this on your own and you 're bound to get jumped by the hungry dead . 
 they were n't around though . 
 guess the army cleaned up . 
 in i went . 
 everything was still there . 
 ammo , food , water . 
 after a meal , it was decided to get fuel . 
 we were starting to dip into reserves . 
 8 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon the bus was n't as loud as i thought it was . 
 some of the other 's i did n't know were driving it . 
 maybe we can alter it later like they did . 
 so there we were at the gas station . 
 no gas . 
 i led em up to this farm i knew about . 
 the guy had a station way back when . 
 worked there once . 
 god that farm was creepy . 
 bony old trees . 
 no animals , except for all the dead birds on the ground . 
 did n't even wan na go to the house . 
 i hope the poor old bastard went in his sleep years ago and never had any of these problems . 
 he lived alone as far as i knew . 
 i get out of the bus and uncover the hidden pumps . 
 he had everything . 
 diesel , regular ; and other - as he called it . 
 locked up tight . 
 i knew where the key was too . 
 in that rickety old barn he called his workshop . 
 damn it , i did not wan na go in there . 
 here they were . 
 i had a bunch of people behind me . 
 i could n't let em know it freaked me out . 
 the guy did taxidermy . 
 i hated that shit . 
 did n't want it . 
 imagine a pissed off zombie bear he never got around to . 
 what if there was something worse . 
 what if he was in there . 
 they remember . 
 he could be in there , waiting in the dark to eat . 
 along i come dumb as shit and boom , i 'm his next meal . 
 no way was i gon na say anything . 
 sliding door on the barn had a chain around it , door was badly rotted i could probably break it open . 
 no way though , i wanted to be silent . 
 i check the main entrance , the door closed tight , no locks , no chain . 
 this maybe our only chance of fuel in who knows how long . 
 grabbed the handle and turned , it opened with a click . 
 it echoed , something shifted inside the barn . 
 i aimed my gun and slowly entered . 
 way too dark , i got a light and shined it around in there . 
 faces of taxidermy animals stare back at me with their dead little eyes . 
 a big rifle sits on the counter , shells for a shotgun litter the floor . 
 something happened here . 
 a bottle of whiskey on the workbench . 
 my heart was racing as i moved in deeper . 
 someone walked into my back . 
 `` shit sorry , '' someone said . 
 i sighed and tried the light switch . 
 a naked bulb sparks to life in the center of the room . 
 a couple bodies lay on the floor , not zombies but dead . 
 their heads blown apart . 
 `` what the fuck , '' cole blurted . 
 i ignored it and walked to the work bench . 
 his tool box was open , where he puts the key . 
 hopefully it 's there . 
 `` running hot , '' someone called outside . 
 i run to the tool box , looked inside . 
 the keys shining up at me from my light . 
 grabbed em . 
 shots fired outside . 
 `` suppressors only , we do n't want them rushing us , '' scarlett yells . 
 cole was staring off in the darkness of the barn . 
 `` something 's over there , '' he points . 
 a chest heaves as i shine my light in the direction , it was laying down . 
 hopefully not the old man . 
 moved closer , cole grabbed my arm . 
 `` shoot it . '' 
 shook my head and continued . 
 the smell , it had to be dead . 
 `` hey the keys , first , '' cole said . 
 the body stirred , it sat up big murky eyes glaring at us . 
 his mouth opens and a gush of spewing yellow pours out . 
 raised my gun and shot . 
 two in the head , fast shots , deadly ones . 
 cole screams and wiped his gun up and unleashed a fury of bullets into something coming at us . 
 joined him , blew the head open of the big checkered shirt wearing guy . 
 it collapsed . 
 something leapt off the 2nd level , a girl . 
 she bounced . 
 then crawled at us , her legs twisted in a sickly manner . 
 i yelled and shot at her . 
 she moved fucking fast , scared the hell out of us . 
 that 's when i recognized the pair , the big guy lived down the road , the girl his daughter or young gf , never found out which . 
 `` savage . '' 
 we went outside , 12 or so zombies lay dead . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 elise asked . 
 showed the keys and went to the pumps to get them ready to fuel us . 
 no old man , hoped he did pass long ago . 
 this would be way too much for him to handle , let alone survive . 
 something bounced off my head . 
 an apple rolled away , looked up , an old tree house sitting there in the strong old trees . 
 it was boarded up good . 
 another apple flew down . 
 the hatch opens and someone was crawling down the steps . 
 a gust of air blew past me , i turned to where it was heading to see a zombie . 
 dom walking towards me with a suppressed weapon , the shots barely making a sound as they tear the head of the zombie apart . 
 he stands over it and looks back at me . 
 still there was something , he was trying hard to be useful to me . 
 a hand comes down on my shoulder . 
 9 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon it was warm and solid , not a zombie 's hand . 
 slowly turned too see the face of a man , his facial hair messy , eyes bloodshot . 
 not the old man . 
 he lightened when he seen my face , like he remembered me . 
 still had no idea who he was . 
 he cried . 
 `` have n't seen people in days , '' he cried . 
 `` you remember me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 shook my head , looked at the others returning to the pumps . 
 `` savage have the get together later , '' elise said . 
 she was angry i had n't sided with her for the take over attempt way back when . 
 `` i do n't , '' he nodded . 
 `` you worked for my dad . '' 
 old man 's son . 
 seen him maybe a dozen times when i worked here . 
 `` can you shoot ? '' 
 he grinned , told me his dad passed and he came to settle the land . 
 it started after he was here for a couple years , he was glad his dad collected guns . 
 glad to hear about that . 
 `` why the tree house ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he locked those people in the barn because he could n't take the shot . 
 `` that 's got ta change if you come with us , '' elise said . 
 looked at her . 
 `` okay savage , time to get going , '' scarlett said . 
 `` we need that gas . '' 
 i know it had to be done . 
 unlocked the pumps and fueled us up . 
 we got cans and took the supply of gas . 
 everybody got into their vehicles and we began on our way . 
 he talked about everything that happened . 
 i knew what to say to change everything for him . 
 i 've said it so many times in the past they all ended the same . 
 they died and i was alone . 
 remembered faces that night as we drove . 
 the dark almost impossible to see in . 
 one of the buses lights were out , did n't make it easier . 
 hated sleeping , always brought nightmares , or weird dreams . 
 i fought my fatigue and walked around the bus . 
 katie slept hard , unmoving . 
 a guy on the bus sat up , just stared forward . 
 his face slightly pale . 
 i nudged scarlett and pointed him out . 
 he did n't even blink or breath . 
 something off about him , just as i was about to move closer he clumsily got to his feet , gurgling . 
 scarlett shined her light in his face his eyes a weird murky color . 
 he lunged forward at us . 
 drew my gun and shot him twice in the head . 
 third time when he was down . 
 people woke . 
 it was close enough to morning , we stopped and got everyone to the bus . 
 wore protective gear and dragged him outside . 
 stripped his clothes . 
 no bites , no scratches . 
 he had no wounds of any kind , well except for my shots . 
 how that hell did he turn . 
 something must have happened . 
 `` maybe he got blood in his mouth , '' katie said . 
 `` infected by something . '' 
 `` he never said anything . 
 i heard you can feel it when you change . '' 
 10 jun myzombiejournal savage klaxon ate silently in the early morning . 
 nobody was sure how he got infected , did we really want to know . 
 `` oh god , '' camron said from in the bus . 
 he came out with a half bottle of water in hand . 
 `` this was with his stuff . 
 check this out . '' 
 his hands were trembling . 
 he shook the bottle . 
 within small white flakes floated and slowly settled almost becoming invisible . 
 tossed my water away , as did many others . 
 we were fucked . 
 i stuck to drinking soda after that . 
 it quenched my thirst and it was n't water . 
 dom sat by me , he had pain in his eyes and worry . 
 `` that could be tainted too , '' he said . 
 this guy really knows how to ruin things . 
 spit my mouthful out and tossed the can . 
 `` what can we do ? '' 
 elise got on the roof of her truck . 
 `` lets go people we ca n't stay here . '' 
 she leapt from the truck . 
 people started for their vehicles . 
 the roar of other vehicles approaching sent some into panic , others got into war mode . 
 there was a few cars , a minivan and a moving truck . 
 `` on the ground everyone , '' a guy ordered through a megaphone . 
 that 's right jackass call all the dead to us . 
 people with guns came out . 
 ` we want your supplies and ammo . 
 give it peacefully or we 'll take it . '' 
 megaphone jackass said . 
 great i may have to kill living people again . 
 **** **** our souls wait and then we 're born into growing lives that are hard and torn . 
 with hopes and dreams crushed at our feet , all life 's pleasures become sickly sweet . 
 whispering demons try to steal our lives and all the angels have prying eyes . 
 we struggle and fight everyday , endlessly searching for one true way . 
 never finding peace of mind , all of us starving for one clear sign . 
 in life there is only one true bet , that everyone will come to know death . 
 from an ode to death by ivan desabrais #### dear reader , before you finish , we would like to thank you for reading this sample of my zombie journal . 
 it means a lot to me . 
 you are the reason we write . 
 of course we do it to make a living , but we write to entertain and take you places you may never go , to share our soul written on each page . 
 as authors we owe our success to you . 
 if you enjoyed any of our work , please recommend our books and stories to your friends . 
 you have the power to turn your favorite authors into best sellers . 
 some ways how you can support your favorite authors : send a message with your feedback ! 
 you can reach us at www.facebook.com/idesabrais & http://twitter.com/ivantime & you can reach me at www.facebook.com/iandesabrais & http://twitter.com/iandesabrais leave a glowing review or blurb wherever you can . 
 keep reading . 
 thanks , we look forward to sharing our next book with you . 
 best regards , ivan desabrais & ian desabrais be sure to check out our blog to keep up with our projects http://desabraisbros.wordpress.com / #### thank you from desabraisbros i would like to thank you for sharing this time with savage klaxon . 
 we enjoyed the journey of writing this story . 
 yours , ivan desabrais & ian desabrais #### #### to the reader : thank you for taking this journey with us into a world so real to our characters . 
 it is a pleasure to share this twitter based phenomenon . 
 if you want to talk about this story , feel free to contact us through the methods provided below and at the beginning of this book . 
 who knows what will happen in the years to come . 
 maybe together , we can delve deeper savage klaxon and his struggle . 
 we 're looking forward to unraveling more written secrets . 
 when we first started writing this tale , there was the one goal of having fun . 
 we wanted to write a zombie story that has n't been done . 
 we developed savage 's voice to speak to you . 
 the trick we found was to imagine how savage would act , react , and talk . 
 life will always be hard . 
 it is a battle from birth to death . 
 we will always remember this as a story with passion . 
 writing this for us , was an amazing way to express our love for the genre . 
 we wanted to write this mostly for the awesome tweeple who love this story and tune in for every post . 
 we changed nothing in this story , from twitter to ebook . 
 this collection will continue until we feel that it is over . 
 if i could leave you with something to take away from this , it would be to tell that story you want to tell and do it now . 
 do n't let anything stop you from what you truly love . 
 thank you for reading this story . 
 ivan desabrais & ian desabrais **** contact information visit our blog . 
 explore the culture of writing and the art of story telling . 
 see what 's coming soon by desabraisbros ivan & ian desabrais and purchase more of our books ! 
 do n't miss out . 
 http://desabraisbros.wordpress.com/ **** end 
