 indigo ophelia keys smashwords edition copyright 2012 ophelia keys smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 **** indigo let 's get one thing straight before we even start . 
 i am not a hunter . 
 i 'm the bait , the decoy . 
 i create a moment of attention . 
 and then i let others take over . 
 usually it 's a bunch of men all psyched up for a fight . 
 funny thing is , the fight just never comes . 
 most animals would rather run from a confrontation . 
 it 's the same with them . 
 they 'd rather slip into the shadows at the first sign of trouble . 
 most of the time , they never come back . 
 direct stares , bright lights -- that 's what gets them . 
 i really do n't know why , but they 're afraid of being seen . 
 i bring them out into the light , name them , create attention . 
 and then i get the hell out of there -- just in case . 
 **** chapter 1 . 
 indigo lost tuesday , november 3 indigo i walked into the bar keeping my face very still , setting my jaw a little . 
 the place was full of men . 
 they all watched me walk in . 
 it was clear to all of us -- i was not where i belonged . 
 i sat down at the counter . 
 the air stank of old beer . 
 the barman gave me a look . 
 i appear much younger than i am . 
 not glamorous young . 
 child young . 
 but he said nothing when i ordered a drink , just shook his head a little . 
 i did n't really want a drink , but i had this feeling someone would offer to get me one if i waited too long . 
 and i wanted to be on my own . 
 it looked awful when it came , luminous green . 
 i did n't drink it , just sat with my fingers resting on the damp glass , trying -lrb- and failing -rrb- not to think too much . 
 there was a score of reasons why i should never have come . 
 when ten-thirty passed and my client had still not arrived i was about to give up . 
 a bit relieved really , but he sat down beside me very suddenly and was talking before i even turned . 
 ` you 're indigo ? 
 i 've got him . 
 i just need the bait . ' 
 he was older than i expected . 
 he looked like he 'd been drinking , but he waved away the barman . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 i asked . 
 i was careful to say ` he ' rather than ` it ' . 
 i did n't want to scare him away . 
 he handed me a crumpled piece of paper with the address of a grand , old hotel . 
 he must have been from out of town , to think i needed it written out . 
 ` i 'm the bait then ? ' 
 ` that 's what we agreed . ' 
 he had gone red . 
 ` i thought you said you could handle it ? 
 you look just like her from the back . ' 
 i gave back the paper and stood up . 
 ` that 's not enough . 
 what did you bring ? ' 
 he pulled out a green scarf . 
 i took it quickly and shoved it into a plastic bag . 
 it was perfect . 
 it would have her scent on it . 
 ` ten o’clock friday night . 
 at the bar , ' he said . 
 ` he 's there every night . 
 but i ca n't seem to get hold of him . 
 i 'll have two men with me . 
 do n't talk to us . 
 do n't even look at us . ' 
 he actually had a nervous tick next to his eye . 
 i tried not to think about what his stupid plan might be . 
 it should n't even matter , once i looked this thing square in the face and said its true name . 
 ` five hundred dollars , ' i said . 
 ` and if you ever see him again , i 'll give it back . ' 
 as you can imagine , i regretted that last part as soon as it came out . 
 i really had no idea what i was doing . 
 ` we 'll see . ' 
 clearly he was as unconvinced as i felt . 
 ` cheque 's in the post . ' 
 i needed it now , but i 'd never been great at confronting people . 
 the electricity bill would have to wait another couple of days . 
 ` that 's great , ' i said . 
 i do n't think he even caught the sarcasm . 
 we walked out together . 
 he glanced at me , hesitated . 
 he smelt of too much aftershave and fear-sweat . 
 ` i just hope you can do this , ' he said . 
 i did n't answer , just waited until he got uncomfortable and walked off . 
 i knew he had a new car . 
 he had new car smell on his hands . 
 i had seen the way he glanced away as he spoke to me . 
 he was thinking about where he had left it . 
 whether it was safe . 
 it 's not that he was n't worried about his wife . 
 he just did n't understand yet . 
 he did n't know what followed her . 
 well , i thought i understood and i was worried . 
 when i turned to go i saw that they were all watching me through the bar window . 
 it must have looked like we 'd done some sordid deal . 
 but the truth is so much stranger . 
 when i said they 'd rather run from a fight , i was n't talking about ghosts . 
 perhaps that did n't even occur to you . 
 but just in case it did i want to say , for the record , i have absolutely no skills or understanding when it comes to ghosts . 
 of course , i 've had as much experience with creepy houses as the next person . 
 like the share house in canning street where i always found my clothes thrown onto the floor each morning . 
 or the bed in the spare room of my park street house . 
 it was n't ever used but the sheets were always getting twisted up -- you 'd swear in the shape of a sleeping child . 
 even in my current house there were what i liked to call unexplained happenings . 
 it was a grand old victorian place , gone shabby over the decades , and the whole ground floor was blocked up . 
 i got in through an outer stairway at the back , where they 'd knocked in a door at the second floor . 
 the creepiest place was the inner stairs that went up to the highest level . 
 that 's where you could normally have gone down to the first floor too , if they were n't all blocked up with panels . 
 i heard things all the time on that hidden stairway . 
 mostly these noises were just below the range of real hearing . 
 but often it was the almost imperceptible , quick melodic sound -lrb- boomp-boomp-boomp -rrb- of an animal 's feet ascending the hollow wood . 
 i guess we had a feral cat living down there . 
 but it made the back of my neck creep every time i heard it . 
 let 's just say i 'm no specialist on hauntings and i never want to be . 
 that 's dylan 's thing and he 's welcome to it . 
 my area was a little different . 
 more practical , you might say . 
 have you ever passed someone on the street , met someone at a party , who just gave you the creeps for no reason ? 
 granted , some of them are just creepy people . 
 but you should be aware that some of them are n't people at all . 
 i was sixteen when i found this out . 
 i 'd just moved out of my parents ' place and i was desperate to be a proper grown up . 
 a man asked me out . 
 he was what i 'd been half dreaming of for a long time . 
 he had dark eyes and a lovely smile . 
 not handsome , but there was definitely something there . 
 funny thing was , when he looked into my eyes i had the strangest feeling . 
 it was as if on the inside , all my fur went up and my back arched and my eyes went into little slits . 
 i put it down to childish jitters . 
 just a little hurdle you had to jump before you became a proper woman . 
 i was going to be brave and take the plunge . 
 yes . 
 i was a fool . 
 you do n't have to tell me . 
 when did i realise i was in over my head ? 
 it was n't over the first drink when he brushed his hand against mine and every muscle in my body went hard and painful . 
 it was n't when the band started up , loud enough to hurt my ears and he grabbed my arm and drew me into the hot mass of people -lrb- his fingers on my arm turned me ice-cold , but how was i to know that was n't how it should be ? -rrb- . 
 it was n't when he took me outside , my ears singing painfully , my legs all befuddled from drinking . 
 it was the first kiss . 
 through the haze of cigarette smoke , i saw his eyes . 
 they were flat and black and not even slightly human . 
 the silly thing was that even then i did n't say or do anything about it . 
 because it was all just intuition , airy-fairy stuff , as my dad would say . 
 the embarrassment of seeming young and naïve was the worst thing i could think of . 
 of course , it did n't take long to discover what was actually worse . 
 it was his dirty apartment , where he played heavy , claustrophobic music . 
 it was being all tangled up in the messy sheets and having him speaking to me in another language that i somehow understood , but wished i did n't . 
 i came over all queasy and had to be sick in his bathroom , but that did n't bother him one bit . 
 he came right in after me . 
 i do n't remember much after that . 
 which is kind of a blessing . 
 eventually i found i was walking fast down a too-dark street in an unfamiliar suburb . 
 i did n't have my shoes on . 
 it was horribly quiet out there . 
 like i 'd landed on the moon . 
 i kept looking behind but he did n't follow . 
 at last i found a train station and sat on the platform , feet and hands like ice , blowing out frigid clouds with each breath . 
 the first train was at 5.18 am . 
 it was only three . 
 there was a youngish man waiting there too , which had me in a kind of panic . 
 there did n't seem to be anything wrong with him . 
 he had a notebook that he was scribbling in , and perhaps he was a bit disheveled -lrb- thought she , in bare feet -rrb- . 
 but he kept looking at me strangely . 
 i was close to getting up and searching for a taxi , only i had this idea that i was n't safe out on the streets . 
 not to mention i had no cash at all . 
 i 'd spent it all getting drunk in order to be brave enough to ` lose my innocence ' . 
 well , i was feeling pretty wise in the ways of the world at that stage . 
 i was cold and miserable and my feet were caught between pain and numbness . 
 there was an itch on my neck . 
 i kept scratching at it . 
 and this boy would not stop looking at me . 
 i tried to tuck my feet under the bench and be as small and unnoticeable as possible . 
 at last he stood up and walked over , causing my blood pressure to shoot up so fast i could hardly hear him talking . 
 ` hello , i 'm dylan . ' 
 -lrb- thump , thump , thump ... -rrb- . 
 my heart seemed like it was trying to burst through my ears . 
 ` hey , ' i answered , not committing , not even looking at him . 
 i was just waiting for him to plant himself next to me and start some spiel . 
 or something worse . 
 i was pretty jittery to tell the truth . 
 he leaned a little closer and my heart was going so hard it was actually hurting . 
 ` what happened to you ? ' 
 it was only then i looked down and saw the mess my clothes were in . 
 that 's when i realised that annoying itch on my neck was a great big wound . 
 it was only when i saw the blood that it started to hurt . 
 but it was the look on his face that really got me . 
 funny how you only freak out when someone else looks frightened for you . 
 you could call it our first date . 
 possibly the worst first date in history -lrb- except , of course , the one i 'd just had -rrb- . 
 we talked until dawn . 
 only i did n't really know it was dawn , because it was just one long fluorescent haze in the emergency room . 
 he must have got me there in a taxi because i do n't remember any sirens . 
 frankly , after i 'd seen my clothes i got a little woozy . 
 intermittently there were doctors and questions about haemophilia . 
 dylan seemed to be constantly lapsing into another language -lrb- ` desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator ' he later repeated for me -rrb- . 
 the doctors would look at him in a pitying fashion and leave for another hour . 
 let 's face it , doctors hate when you speak medical talk to them . 
 meanwhile i was seeing stars , literally . 
 beautiful little white points of light that hurt my eyes . 
 but , on the plus side , when dylan held my hand it made me feel peaceful and warm and i realised that terror was not a necessary prerequisite for romance . 
 that was my first night with dylan , but it was also my first encounter with them . 
 and dylan seemed to be full of information . 
 although , to be honest , he shared very little of it with me . 
 he did let slip that the night we 'd met he was doing ongoing research on the paranormal in the footscray area . 
 cue disoriented girl with bare feet and neck wound . 
 it was meant to be . 
 why did i believe him straight away that this was not just an ordinary creep ? 
 i ca n't really tell you . 
 but i suppose if you 'd seen those strange , black eyes you 'd believe it too . 
 ` i 'm doing something about this ' , i told him a few weeks later . 
 ` you ca n't just sit around taking notes . ' 
 he looked at me with deep misgiving . 
 i knew he was already regretting he 'd told me anything at all . 
 i suppose with all the blood and bright lights he 'd got a little bamboozled and forgotten his usual policy of total non-communication . 
 ` we 'll do it together , ' i said . 
 ` can i be chevalier dupin ? ' 
 he asked , all sarcasm . 
 ` whatever . 
 but what 's the point of all this research , if you do n't do anything with it ? 
 this is real . 
 we ca n't just let these things happen to people . ' 
 let me just pause for a moment and say that i 've always been prey to delusions of grandeur . 
 a single example : once we had to make papier mâché heads for my primary school 's performance of wind in the willows . 
 i decided i was not just going to make the weasel i 'd been assigned . 
 i was going to make everyone 's . 
 and they were going to be so good , they would just have to use them . 
 i do n't know why it was so important to me . 
 maybe it was because i was n't noticeably good at anything . 
 i pictured them amazingly life-like . 
 by the time i was on the second weasel i was in tears . 
 they looked like lumpy amoebas . 
 but i did about seven of them anyway , sobbing brokenheartedly the whole time . 
 my mother was so concerned about it she sent me to the school counselor the next day . 
 we can all laugh about it now . 
 anyway , that gives you an idea of how i can be when i get an idea in my head . 
 it was a little less obvious how this latest project of mine was going to work . 
 i threw myself into it anyway , with dylan 's reluctant and very occasional help . 
 actually , in retrospect , i think he just did it to keep an eye on me . 
 he always thought it was a bad idea . 
 i kept messy notebooks full of sketches and quotations and ramblings . 
 lots of them were just things like -- ` heard someone telling a story on the tram the other day -- another victorian house ' . 
 by a victorian house i mean the ones that are spread all over melbourne , sweet little single stories covered in cast-iron lacework , or pompous two-story monsters with pediments and balustrades . 
 anything that has been lived in for over a hundred years is bound to have an interesting atmosphere . 
 anyway , without going into too much detail , these houses seemed to be a particular source of trouble in all shapes and sizes . 
 dylan 's work was on a different scale . 
 from what i understood he was compiling some kind of massive account of melbourne 's supernatural life . 
 he had shelves and shelves of hand-written books , but he always said they were ` personal ' and kept the cabinets locked . 
 i guess he thought that if a little bit of knowledge was a dangerous thing , then a whole lot might be even worse . 
 i pretended not to care , in the deluded hope i could work on him through reverse psychology . 
 but he was much too set in his secretive ways . 
 i had just about the opposite approach . 
 i felt it was my duty to tell everyone what i was doing . 
 most people politely changed the topic . 
 but some did n't . 
 friends of friends were starting to call whenever anything slightly unusual happened . 
 most of it led nowhere . 
 or to bad-vibe houses -lrb- all i can say is move out , there 's nothing i can do -rrb- . 
 but now and then there 'd be something real . 
 that 's for another time , though . 
 if i start telling those stories we 'll be here forever , and i just want to sketch in some sort of background for you . 
 the point is i knew dylan had loads of useful knowledge , and i was pretty confident i could get more out of him , given time and careful planning . 
 except that he left me after six months . 
 he said i did n't know what i was doing . 
 i was just stirring things up . 
 the world was no better than when i started . 
 maybe it was worse . 
 and i was moving toward trouble . 
 i was focusing on them , asking them into my life . 
 he was n't going to watch me get hurt . 
 that 's how he put it -- funny how you always resort to clichés when you 're breaking up with someone . 
 i might have said that stomping all over my heart was a funny way to protect me from being hurt , but i was so mad at him for patronising me , i told myself i did n't even care that he was gone . 
 and then something happened that made me think he was quite possibly right . 
 a child was taken . 
 and i 'm pretty sure i was responsible . 
 it 's better i do n't talk about it , i think . 
 that was the end of everything . 
 i stopped answering my phone . 
 and people stopped calling . 
 i started working in a market research office . 
 data entry . 
 fours years later , out of the blue , a man calls about his wife . 
 friend of a friend gave him my number . 
 he was desperate . 
 did i hesitate ? 
 i 'd like to say i did . 
 that i 'd learnt something . 
 but i simply needed the money . 
 and to be honest i was bored . 
 it seemed so long since it had all happened . 
 besides , there was no child this time . 
 this time it would be completely different . 
 wednesday , november 4 when i woke up i just lay quietly for a while , watching a bird pecking around the window box outside . 
 then i reached out and played the message again . 
 ` i do n't know if you can help . 
 a man has been following my wife . 
 for a long time . ' 
 hearing his voice again , i could just about see that nervous tic by his eye . 
 i had suspected a follower as soon as i got his message . 
 it was the sudden weakness in his voice . 
 ` for a long time ' . 
 i never really gave names to them . 
 none of the standard names seemed to convey what they were . 
 ` ghost ' for example , does n't that just conjure up a kid in a white sheet ? 
 what 's the name for that feeling you get at home alone when you see someone disappearing quickly into the passageway , so fast it 's almost imagined ? 
 and i 'm hardly going to say aloud what i thought my first ` lover ' had been . 
 in a way , it was unspeakable . 
 well , this ` man ' had been following the woman for ten years . 
 without making any contact with her whatsoever , without even looking her in the eye . 
 just there . 
 i really would be amazed if he turned out to be a human being . 
 of course , it was a possibility . 
 it just did n't seem very likely . 
 i reached out for one of my old notebooks . 
 i had reread the passage over and over in the last few days . 
 it was one of the rare occasions that dylan ever said something useful . 
 oh , again with the child ! 
 i guess i just wo n't be able to let it go until i write down the whole thing . 
 you see it began while he and i were still together . 
 a woman called me on the phone for help . 
 dylan had overheard it all . 
 dylan calls it a follower . 
 it 's been following the child for four years . 
 since it was born . 
 do n't know what it wants . 
 it just follows . 
 looks like a young woman with a thin face . 
 dylan says you should confront it . 
 call it by its name . 
 but keep the child away from it . 
 of course , he was only talking about it in theory . 
 it was a non-specific ` you ' . 
 he was just reacting to the child 's story as if it was something he was hearing on the news . 
 something we could n't do anything about . 
 he 'd let slip those few useful words , then stopped suddenly . 
 ` but , seriously , you 'd better let this one go , ' he said . 
 ` trust me , indigo . ' 
 that was three days before he left me . 
 we were n't really speaking to each other after that . 
 truth be told i was feeling pretty angry , reckless you might say . 
 i called the woman back and told her i knew how to get rid of this ` person ' who was following her child . 
 it 's painful to think how stupid i was . 
 how utterly arrogant and stupid . 
 though i suspect i 'd have been far less ignorant if dylan actually shared some of his precious notebooks with me . 
 i waited with the both of them in the exhibition gardens , right near the pond . 
 that 's where it had last appeared . 
 what better way to catch it ? 
 the mother was standing there nervously , with the little boy in the pusher . 
 she was looking at me as if i was slightly mad , but she was too desperate to really care . 
 i was the first person who 'd offered to help her . 
 sure enough , the ` woman ' was suddenly there , thin-faced and hungry-looking as a junkie . 
 i had marched up to it . 
 ` hey you ! 
 follower ! ' 
 i shouted . 
 it was gone . 
 i was looking right at it and then it was gone . 
 i could n't tell if it had vanished or flitted away into the trees . 
 losses of concentration were common around these things , according to dylan -lrb- so , just keep away from it , indigo -rrb- . 
 then i heard a terrible sound . 
 not really a scream . 
 more like strangled gulps of air . 
 the child was gone , his mother searching frantically through the bedding . 
 i almost laughed , but that was only because i was on the edge of hysteria . 
 for a moment it looked as if she believed he 'd become tiny and she would still find him in there . 
 it was the worst thing i ever saw . 
 the answering machine had played out its message and was beeping for my attention . 
 i pressed the palms of my hands into my eyes to try to control the nauseating guilt that still took me whenever i thought about it . 
 that woman had screamed and screamed at me , right there in the park , in front of everyone . 
 and i had deserved it , of course . 
 and more . 
 quite frankly she could have killed me then and there . 
 i deserved it . 
 there was no evidence at all that i had taken the child . 
 i was interviewed only three times . 
 i think they even suspected the mother for a while . 
 her name was grace . 
 i had n't thought of her name in a long time . 
 i fumbled to turn off the answering machine and just ended up playing his message again . 
 a man has been following my wife ... i was n't sure that i was ready . 
 but it was only myself i was risking this time . 
 his wife would be nowhere near us . 
 this was the key . 
 i tried to picture how it would happen . 
 it would see me in the bar , wearing her scarf . 
 it would follow me out . 
 my client would be waiting with his friends . 
 and then ? 
 and then it was n't my problem anymore . 
 i 'd just bring it out into the open . 
 just like dylan had said . 
 no child this time . 
 i took a very deep , calm breath , but my hands were shaking . 
 dylan was n't at home , but i found him at the grubby , laminated laundromat beside his house . 
 there was no air-conditioning ; the humidity was horrible . 
 the humming , banging machines pretty much drove me crazy . 
 he said they helped him work . 
 he was sitting in his regular place , scribbling away . 
 but i was kind of glad to meet him there . 
 his apartment was full of tiny bird bones . 
 ` i need you as back-up at this bar on friday , ' i said , casually . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 just kept scribbling . 
 ` i 'll give you a fifty , just to sit at a table and get yourself a drink . ' 
 ` back-up ? ' 
 dylan stopped writing and looked at me . 
 it seemed my words were finally sinking in . 
 ` back-up for what ? ' 
 ` for me , obviously . ' 
 he just looked at me , not the hint of a smile . 
 i had a vague memory of finding his grey eyes rather compelling , but i 'd got too used to them boring into me accusingly . 
 like they were right at that moment . 
 it was n't going well . 
 time to try the guilt thing . 
 ` a man 's been stalking my client 's wife . 
 i 'm going to help them out . 
 i just need to know someone 's looking out for me . ' 
 i really had his attention now . 
 he put down his notebook . 
 ` what kind of man ? ' 
 he asked . 
 he leaned forward . 
 ` what do you mean ` client ' ? ' 
 ` there 's a creepy guy following this woman . 
 i just want to help her . ' 
 he sat back , suspicious . 
 ` did n't you get a job at some phone company ? ' 
 ` i quit two weeks ago . 
 i already told you that . ' 
 ` sorry , i 'm busy friday . ' 
 he went back to writing . 
 ` if he 's an ordinary guy , why do n't they just report him ? ' 
 i sat for a moment , but i could n't admit it was a follower . 
 he would bring up the child . 
 i could n't bear to have him bring that up . 
 could n't even bear he knew i was responsible for something as bad as that . 
 i guess he would have found out anyway , if he 'd come with me . 
 but it seemed very different to telling him right there , in the harsh summer light in the laundromat . 
 i walked out with a hot core of anger inside me . 
 but the further i walked , the more i wanted to turn around . 
 by the time i reached my laneway , i realised i was really scared . 
 it was like a fist squeezing all my insides , and i was cold , even with the sun beating down on me . 
 i 'd left my back gate open , but i still got a horrible fright when i saw that someone was standing at the top of my stairs . 
 it was a girl , stretched up on tiptoes and trying to peer the wrong way through my peep-hole . 
 she looked down and saw me and did n't seem at all embarrassed . 
 for a moment i thought she might be my client 's wife . 
 but he had described her as looking just like me , while this leggy , tanned blonde looked pretty much my opposite . 
 i clanged up the spiral stairs . 
 they always felt particularly rickety with two people on them . 
 ` hi , i 'm ani , ' she said , thrusting out her hand at me . 
 ` i 'm here about the room . ' 
 i had a vague memory of leaving a note up on a carlton billboard , but that had been months ago . 
 ` come in out of the hot , ' i said , at last , a bit alarmed to see anyone in singlet and tiny shorts in the ferocious midday sun . 
 i unlocked the door and she followed me into the coolness . 
 ` wow ! ' 
 she said straight away , and i was n't sure that she meant it in a good way . 
 she walked in slowly , looking all around her . 
 i started to feel a bit self-conscious about the crumbling plaster and dingy carpet . 
 i took her past the blocked off stairs , up to the front room . 
 it had a balcony and looked down onto the street through two huge windows . 
 it was crowded with junk , but i was still sure it was pretty impressive . 
 she was starting to look happier . 
 ` fifty a week , are you sure ? 
 this place is totally amazing . ' 
 ` that 's fine , ' i said , wishing i 'd asked for more . 
 ` it 'll take me a while to clean out . ' 
 ` that 's no problem , i 'll help . 
 can i take it now ? ' 
 i was speechless . 
 she was smiling at me , thrilled , as if i 'd already said yes . 
 ` i 'll pay you a hundred straight away . 
 i 've got nowhere to stay tonight . ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 i could n't think of a good reason to say no . 
 i could hardly tell her i was in the middle of some sort of supernatural crisis . 
 ` great ! ' 
 she actually clapped her hands together and bounced up and down . 
 i 've got some suitcases in the car . 
 ` do n't do any cleaning without me . ' 
 she rushed out without waiting for a reply . 
 i just stood there and looked around the room , with the uneasy sense that there were all sorts of things i did n't want her to see in there , including a virtual library of occult books hidden in various piles . 
 i started for the nearest stack , hoping i could get rid of the worst of it before she returned . 
 friday , november 6 ani said she 'd be out late , which suited me fine . 
 she did n't have a key yet , but i was sure i 'd be back before her . 
 i washed very carefully and put on an old dress that i did n't much like . 
 i had new clothes that did n't have any recent human smells on them . 
 i would put them on just before i reached the hotel . 
 i closed my door and breathed in the air . 
 it was a very clear night . 
 warm . 
 no moon yet . 
 i had to go sideways down my metal stairway , the shoes were so high . 
 it was a fifteen-minute walk into the city . 
 my heels clicked loudly , telling the whole neighbourhood -- young woman , walking alone , hampered by stupid footwear . 
 but he had described her as always wearing heels . 
 it seemed an important detail . 
 five minutes into the walk i was furious at myself for not carrying the heels and wearing flat shoes . 
 complete idiot . 
 i would have to wash them too . 
 they 'd be all sweaty . 
 worst of all was the way they slowed me down . 
 i had to take little delicate steps . 
 it made me feel shackled somehow . 
 i walked through the park , strange and shadowy . 
 possums darted between the trees , looking down at me with their sweet faces and harsh hissing . 
 the shopping bag swung against my legs . 
 i had a bottle of soapy water . 
 her soap . 
 sounds strange i know . 
 but i had a theory about this creep . 
 it was all about the smell of her . 
 it was like an animal . 
 that 's all it really was . 
 perhaps i was just trying to make myself feel better about it with all these theories . 
 because really i had no idea what it was . 
 i stopped before i reached the hotel . 
 i slipped into a laneway . 
 really it was quite a public laneway and i had to sink into a shadowy corner and hope no one happened to look down it . 
 not that i was ever really bothered about that sort of thing . 
 i pulled off my dress . 
 i poured the bottle over myself , over the stupid heels . 
 then i dried myself with a hand towel from the plastic bag . 
 i was washing away my own smell . 
 it felt strange and dangerous and when i put on the new clothes i felt entirely different , as if i really had transformed . 
 it was such a warm night the soapy water tightened across my skin immediately . 
 my heart was starting to race . 
 i brought out her scarf and wrapped it over my head . 
 it might sound dumb , but i 'd always wanted to wear a scarf like that . 
 and i was n't that tall , the top of my head would probably be the closest thing to its nose , even with the stilettos on . 
 i wove through the gaudy theatre crowds . 
 the hotel was one of those grand victorian places that have seen better days . 
 the linen tablecloths and chandeliers barely covered the smell of rising damp . 
 to be honest , i loved it . 
 it was a melbourne institution . 
 shabby-grand , was how i would describe it . 
 there was a van parked , right in front of it . 
 i saw the little glow of a cigarette . 
 i stopped . 
 it must be them . 
 oh god , surely they 're not going to put it in the van ? 
 i do n't know what i was expecting . 
 i clicked quickly past , a panicky feeling was rising . 
 stay calm , stay calm , i told myself . 
 it will probably disappear the moment you say its name . 
 anyway , you just need to get it outside . 
 then it 's not your problem anymore . 
 i 'm pretty sure it was n't going to go for them out in the street . 
 i was n't even sure you could touch a follower . 
 or that it could touch you . 
 i put my hand against the glass and hesitated . 
 it was really too late to think about it . 
 i had already accepted the money . 
 there were three men waiting with a van . 
 turning around right in front of them and going home did n't seem like an option . 
 so this was it . 
 i breathed out slowly and pushed open the door . 
 i walked into the bar . 
 it was covered in sporting paraphernalia and the flicker of plasma screens . 
 there were three men there watching the golf . 
 i sat down at the bar . 
 everything i did felt mechanical and obvious . 
 the scarf must look ridiculous . 
 as i ordered , the barman glanced over my shoulder . 
 and , just like that , i felt it behind me . 
 i 'm not exactly sure how i knew , but there was an awful prickling sensation up the back of my neck . 
 and a feeling i had forgotten with the one in the park , but now came right back to me , a heavy feeling , as if i were locked up in a closet full of stale air . 
 i was n't expecting it to appear so soon . 
 i did n't turn around . 
 what should i do ? 
 confront it right here ? 
 i tried to slow down my breathing . 
 stay calm . 
 i would just quietly stand up and leave , without meeting its eye . 
 but would it follow me ? 
 the van out the front seemed so damn obvious . 
 so i just sat there , stiff as a startled cat , feeling it right behind me . 
 i could n't seem to turn around . 
 the prickling had become a tingling that spread right down to my fingertips . 
 then something truly horrible happened . 
 i felt fingers brush against my head . 
 it was like a nasty electric shock into my skull . 
 i jumped up and twisted around . 
 it looked just like an ordinary man . 
 except for the smell . 
 actually , to be specific , it was the total absence of smell . 
 definitely not the scent of a person , or even an animal . 
 just nothing . 
 you do n't realize how important smell is until it 's just absolutely gone . 
 ` you , ' it whispered , in a strangled voice , as if it was not used to speaking . 
 and even though it was looking straight at me , i knew it thought i was her . 
 i could see it in the soft line of its mouth . 
 i saw its eyes , blank and ordinary . 
 not at all unusual . 
 that unsettled me , because there should be some sort of clue in its eyes . 
 windows to the soul and all . 
 ` follower , ' i whispered . 
 there was not even a flicker of hesitation . 
 i do n't think it even heard me . 
 ` follower , ' i said , louder . 
 ` i know what you are . 
 you do n't belong here . ' 
 no one was watching the golf anymore . 
 i could see out of the corner of my eye that they were all staring at me . 
 one old guy had half-stood up , as if he could see something was n't right . 
 it raised its hand very slowly , as if to touch the scarf again , leaving its fingers hovering in front of my face . 
 i felt like i was going to be sick . 
 ten years of waiting , of following . 
 never speaking or touching . 
 and i had broken the ice . 
 good one , indigo . 
 i was n't thinking of the plan now . 
 i just had to get out of there . 
 the non-smell of it was setting off a million panic synapses in my brain . 
 but i just stood . 
 and then something really bad happened . 
 it leaned forward , staring at me , and spoke very clearly . 
 ` indigo ? ' 
 a glass dropped and shattered . 
 someone swore . 
 i bolted . 
 i burst through the doors , out onto the street . 
 i pushed past a man , i guess it was my client . 
 i was running fast , tearing off the scarf . 
 it clung to my throat for a moment , like a horrible web . 
 then it slipped away . 
 i weaved through the crowd outside the theatre . 
 i could n't stop running . 
 some primitive part of my brain had taken over . 
 i flew across the big intersection on victoria street , cars swerving and beeping . 
 i was still running when i reached cardigan street , passed the looming façade of my house , wishing i could somehow fly straight up through the windows . 
 finally i reached my laneway , fumbled to unlock the gate and to lock it again . 
 i was past the abandoned servant 's quarters , the blank windows breathing malice down my neck . 
 i crashed up the stairs , banging my shins on every step . 
 at the top of the stairway i stopped , pressed my back against the door , and looked down . 
 i could see my little narrow garden . 
 it was too deep-shadowed to see anything clearly . 
 i could see the high metal gate . 
 i could even see the back street , over the wall , still and very empty . 
 i was listening hard , but all i could hear was the heavy whooshing of my own blood , loud enough to drown out any stealthy sounds below . 
 i unlocked the door , still watching . 
 i slipped inside , slammed the door behind me . 
 then i pressed my back against it and all the breath heaved out of me in a strangled little noise . 
 i slid right down to the floor and just slumped there . 
 now i was safe i could feel the deep marks from the horrid strappy shoes . 
 i began to unbuckle them and ease them off my feet . 
 little lines of blood were appearing where the straps had been , making perfect red outlines , like ballet-shoe ribbons . 
 i was shocked . 
 i did n't even think it was possible for me to run so fast for so long . 
 i suppose i had n't been thinking at all . 
 but it had said my name . 
 and i knew that was very bad . 
 with all the thoughts crowding through my head it took me quite a while to notice that the light was on . 
 i sat there , gulping for breath , looking down the bright passageway , at my peeling white walls and the grand plaster roses of the ceiling . 
 i was pretty sure i had n't left my lights on . 
 and i knew ani did n't have a key yet . 
 someone stepped out of my bedroom . 
 my heart contracted . 
 it was dylan , holding my notebook in one hand . 
 ` dammit , dylan ! ' 
 i yelled . 
 he seemed surprised but walked up to me and gazed down . 
 ` you do n't look so good ' he observed . 
 he pushed his reading glasses closer to his eyes . 
 having got a better look , he frowned , put the glasses in his pocket and sat down beside me . 
 i shut my eyes and rested my head against the door . 
 i sort of remembered the non-smell of it . 
 i remembered it reaching out to touch the scarf . 
 but i could n't call up the feeling that i 'd had . 
 the feeling that had made me run and run until my feet were bleeding . 
 i guess i 'd simply panicked . 
 lost my nerve at the crucial moment . 
 my client would think i was an idiot . 
 i would have to agree with him . 
 ` i did n't know you still had a key , ' i managed , finally . 
 ` i kept one . 
 in case of emergency . ' 
 ` i 'm fine . 
 just an ordinary creep , i told you . ' 
 gingerly i touched the lines criss-crossing my ankles . 
 my knees were throbbing . 
 i had taken the skin off my shins on the stair . 
 really , my whole body was aching from the sudden tension release . 
 ` what are you doing here anyway ? ' 
 quietly , dylan opened up my notebook . 
 i had left it on the table by my bed . 
 i saw my writing there . 
 dylan calls it a follower . 
 he looked pointedly at my battered legs . 
 ` why do n't you tell me what 's really going on ? ' 
 i did n't answer straight away . 
 i dragged myself to my feet , using the door handle , and went to the kitchen . 
 i would need a stiff drink if i was going to tell him the whole story . 
 it did n't take long to tell . 
 ` man ' follows innocent woman . 
 plucky girl takes on ` man ' . 
 apparently not so plucky girl panics and runs away . 
 it sounded much worse when put into a few short sentences . 
 dylan did n't say much but made me a cup of tea , which i think was his way of heading me off from the liquor cupboard . 
 once the tea was ready we just sat for a while . 
 the kitchen window was open , and i was not happy about it , though we were more than two stories up . 
 i was trying to appear calm while my teacup rattled against its saucer . 
 it seemed that now that the panic was over , a deep shaking was taking control of my whole body . 
 ` i 'm not used to running so far , ' i said , in explanation . 
 he just looked at me . 
 he had the unnerving habit of just looking , with no effort to say anything that might make the moment easier . 
 in his defence , there was no ` i told you so 's . 
 no lectures on the dangers of meddling with the unknown . 
 but i was filling in his silence with all sorts of imagined accusations . 
 i sipped on my tea and managed not to meet his eye . 
 i must have jumped about a foot when i heard the banging on the metal gate below . 
 dylan simply frowned , as if this jumpiness was further evidence of my messed up state . 
 ` oh , it 's ani , ' i said , embarrassed . 
 ` i just got a house mate . ' 
 ` i 'd better let her in , ' he said . 
 i was relieved . 
 i could n't face the thought of walking down alone , the empty windows of the house looking down on me . 
 yes , i was afraid of my own house . 
 i was in a bad state . 
 even now , i turned my chair around a little to keep my eye on the doorway , while not fully turning my back on the dark square of the window . 
 what i had n't told dylan was really playing on my mind . 
 that the follower had said my name . 
 and i could n't help but think that now , just maybe , it was my follower . 
 i had meant to tell him , but as the story came out it all sounded so bad . 
 and the whole time he was looking at me with that penetrating look , as if he was seeing right past whatever angle i might be trying to put on things . 
 seeing right to the heart of it . 
 to the fact that i 'd messed up again . 
 i did n't want to give him any more ammunition . 
 flimsy excuse i know . 
 but the truth was i wanted him on my side . 
 i was glad when i heard he and ani coming up the outside stairway . 
 even more when they were in the house and i heard their steps on the stairs . 
 ani was smiling her huge smile , but it faltered a little when she saw me . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 ` i just got mugged , ' i blurted out , seeing dylan giving me a look from behind her . 
 ` oh no ! ' 
 she exclaimed , with such a look of dismay on her face that i 'm embarrassed to say i immediately dissolved into tears . 
 she rushed up to me and enfolded me in her narrow arms . 
 and i just could n't stop sobbing . 
 i 'm not much of a crier at the worst of times , and not all that fond of being hugged by people i barely know , but it seemed i was in some sort of shock and i no longer had any say in the matter . 
 i was painfully aware of dylan , still standing in the doorway and looking everywhere but at me . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 ` i 'm alright , ' i said , finally disentangling myself . 
 ` they did n't manage to get my bag . ' 
 i added , having noticed at that moment that it was sitting on the table right in front of me . 
 ` still , ' she said . 
 ` how terrible ! ' 
 ` i 'm just going to have a bath , i think . ' 
 i stood up and winced at the stiffness in my back . 
 i really just wanted to get away from the embarrassment of it all . 
 the shame really -- because dylan and i both knew that i had walked right into it , and so all of ani 's sympathy was just the product of a big lie . 
 i did n't have a bath , just hobbled into bed . 
 in the distance i could hear the vague hum of dylan and ani 's voices . 
 i wondered , with an unwelcome sting of jealousy , what they could be talking about . 
 i suppose dylan was simply elaborating on my mugging lie , though i think i 'd been pretty convincing in my role as shaken street-crime victim . 
 i shut my eyes and tried to breathe calmly . 
 i 'd thought all my aches and stings would keep me awake , but i fell asleep almost instantly . 
 saturday , november 7 when i woke up there was a book on the foot of my bed . 
 i could n't quite believe it when i picked it up . 
 it was one of dylan 's ` secret ' notebooks . 
 i just sat there and stared at it . 
 after so much time wanting to read one , i felt strangely hesitant to open it . 
 i flicked through it quickly first , seeing dylan 's regular , sloping letters all the way through . 
 i was kind of touched at the thought of him bringing it back for me while i was asleep . 
 with the guilty feeling of peeking at someone else 's diary , i settled back in the bed and began to read . 
 interviewer : the recorder 's on now . 
 it 's the sixth of march , two thousand and five . 
 so , you wanted to tell me about this boy ? 
 int . 
 3 : yes . 
 my grandfather was followed by a young boy for twenty years . 
 i know you wo n't believe this -lrb- laughs -rrb- but the boy never aged . 
 interviewer : what did he look like ? 
 int . 
 3 : i only saw him twice . 
 once when i was younger and then a few days before granddad passed away . 
 he was kind of sweet . 
 he had blonde hair . 
 he was about seven . 
 the second time i saw him walk past the door . 
 i was in the study . 
 i thought he was heading for granddad 's room , but when i went in he was n't there and granddad was asleep . 
 i guess he was some sort of ghost -lrb- laughs -rrb- . 
 you know , i do n't actually believe in ghosts . 
 interviewer : you think it was a ghost ? 
 int . 
 3 : i do n't know -lrb- laughs -rrb- . 
 what else could it be ? 
 my grandfather always thought he was a real person . 
 he used to tell us whenever he saw him around , but we just thought he was joking . 
 he did that a lot . 
 but then i saw it . 
 i remembered seeing it when i was little . 
 and on the night he died i thought i heard it talking to him . 
 but it was n't there when i went in . 
 if it was n't a ghost , what was it ? 
 not surprisingly , dylan did n't answer this . 
 just continued with the next question . 
 at least , i was assuming dylan was the interviewer . 
 i thought i recognised his particular way of asking all the questions and not answering anything . 
 i read through the whole book . 
 there were nine cases described in it . 
 it was always the same . 
 either it ended in the person 's -lrb- apparently -rrb- natural death , or the person would disappear . 
 only two of the people he 'd interviewed were actually the ones being followed . 
 their later disappearances were described by dylan , briefly and -lrb- i thought -rrb- much too dispassionately , with the date and a note of where they were last seen -lrb- walking down queen street , on st kilda beach -rrb- . 
 dylan never mentioned the word ` follower ' to any of them . 
 it seemed like he did n't share any information with them at all . 
 just recorded . 
 i was deeply angry about that . 
 but it made me feel better about the pathetic wreck i 'd been in front of him last night . 
 because at least i had nothing to be ashamed of . 
 i was trying to help . 
 he never did anything at all , just sat safely on the sidelines . 
 after the transcripts dylan had written my story -- the story of the child -- as if i were a stranger . 
 ` the attempted intervention failed . 
 only the child was taken . ' 
 and then a passage that really froze me : these followers never acknowledge anyone , except the object of their obsession . 
 they have been known to speak to this person , usually saying their name , or expressing their devotion . 
 the occurrence of these conversations generally presages the disappearance of the person soon afterwards . 
 once the person disappears , the follower is never seen again . 
 i paused for a moment , really just having a bit of a blank . 
 a note slipped out and i picked it up a little numbly . 
 indi , i hope you have read all of this . 
 it is all i have on followers . 
 they 're really very rare and i have n't looked into them much . 
 i used to think they were something like the irish superstition of the ` fetch ' , but they do n't quite seem to fit . 
 perhaps you can add to this now ? 
 i 'll be back tonight because i imagine you do n't want to be on your own . 
 i think you 'll understand now why it 's best not to contact your client or his wife again . 
 i do n't think there 's anything you can do to help them . 
 you may simply speed the course of events . 
 rest up today , it can be draining just to be near these things . 
 but i do n't need to tell you that . 
 d i read that phrase a few times -- ` speed the course of events ' . 
 could n't have put it better myself . 
 and i guess the ` draining ' bit was his way of saying , do n't feel bad for blubbing like a little kid . 
 for which i mentally thanked him . 
 he had used his old nickname for me too , which showed he was worried for me rather than disapproving . 
 not that it really mattered to me . 
 frankly , the idea of participating in his infuriating research did not appeal . 
 honestly , an irish ` fetch ' ? 
 what planet was he living on ? 
 i shut the book with a snap . 
 but i could n't seem to resist those blank pages . 
 at last i grabbed a pen and wrote it all down , even the bits i 'd left out last night . 
 it occurred to me that if i disappeared , at least there would be some sort of record of what had happened . 
 i was going to get up when i finished . 
 but i found i was exhausted . 
 i just lay back down and drifted into an unsatisfying sleep . 
 when i woke up it was quite late , i could tell straight away from the golden light and the changed songs of the birds . 
 i was still feeling pretty drained . 
 i decided i 'd better eat something at least . 
 a kind of evening breakfast . 
 ani did n't seem to be at home , but she had filled the fridge with health food and had left a little note telling me to help myself and signed it with about ten kisses . 
 i took out some carrot and celery , thinking some sort of hearty soup was in order . 
 really i felt quite strange , kind of insubstantial and empty . 
 i was having to really focus as i chopped the vegetables . 
 the last thing i needed was a slip of the knife . 
 the funny thing is that i 'd always prided myself on my instincts . 
 not my forward planning perhaps , but my instincts in the moment . 
 and when i heard the creak of the carpeted stairs i just assumed it was ani . 
 it was that moment of twilight where everything is becoming indistinct . 
 and i was dreamily feeling that i was becoming indistinct too . 
 i was pretty glad to have ani back -- she would cut through my strange mood at least . 
 i was even opening my mouth to say hello , still chopping away . 
 only , as you 've probably guessed , it was n't her at all . 
 by the time i felt a prickling at the nape of my neck and turned around , the follower was standing in the doorway , effectively blocking it . 
 i 'd been calling the follower ` it ' the whole time , in my mind . 
 but the more i saw it , the more i had to admit it had its own consciousness and was very definitely in the shape of a man . 
 i ca n't really say if that was a shape it had chosen , or whether it was some sort of spirit and had been a man in life . 
 even now it 's still so hard to describe him . 
 it 's not that i could ever forget any detail of his face , it 's just that he was so unremarkable . 
 he was n't very tall , but still a little taller than me . 
 his hair was n't particularly light or dark . 
 his eyes were a kind of mid colour , i could n't even say if they were grey or brown . 
 i do n't know what age he was , if he was an age . 
 he neither seemed particularly young nor old . 
 the one thing that was remarkable was the look on his face . 
 it was a kind of bland , soft look -- the way a mother might look dotingly at her child . 
 it may sound strange , but we simply stood there for a long time . 
 at the edge of my vision i could see that the sky was gradually taking on that kind of turquoise , underwater look it gets when yellow sunset dissolves into blue evening . 
 i was aware of the changing light quite distinctly , as if the situation in the room was not entirely related to me . 
 i think we could have stood there like that forever , except there was a sudden clanging of feet on the outer stairs and a loud knock at the door . 
 still , i could n't seem to say anything . 
 i do n't think ani could have heard me anyway unless i really screamed , and i was not a screamer even , it seemed , in the midst of a life-threatening situation . 
 although i could n't be sure he was threatening my life . 
 really , all he was doing was standing there in the doorway . 
 yet my hand was curling around the sharp little knife on the bench behind me , as if it had a will of its own . 
 i heard the key in the door , and knew that it must be dylan . 
 at the same moment i realised the follower was moving slowly toward me . 
 he was already halfway across the small room . 
 i had no memory of him starting forward at all . 
 the sound of the key had galvanised me . 
 i was completely focused now . 
 i held the little knife ready for when he would come within range . 
 he had touched me before , so i knew he had some kind of physical body . 
 and if he had a physical body , i could hurt him . 
 i like to think it 's not just me , that we all carry the instinctive readiness , the expectation even , that we may need to defend ourselves to the death at some stage . 
 i 'd like to believe i 'm not a danger to others . 
 but let 's just say , if he 'd been human , he 'd be in very serious trouble . 
 i let him move slowly toward me and stop just within arm 's length . 
 i was vibrating with a kind of sick expectation that something huge was about to happen . 
 slowly he reached forward to touch my face and i knew this was the moment . 
 he would have no time to jump back . 
 he was too close . 
 but even as the knife arced around towards him i realised that i had made a mistake . 
 you see , his fingertips touched my forehead . 
 and , just like that , i was gone . 
 **** chapter 2 . 
 dylan alone tuesday , december 15 dylan indigo 's been gone for over a month . 
 at first i measured it in hours . 
 six hours missing . 
 fourteen hours missing . 
 that 's when i still thought that looking in her notebook would render up some clue . 
 then it got to big numbers like forty-two hours and it seemed much better to count in days and weeks . 
 i was proactive at first . 
 i called her last client . 
 his wife answered . 
 she was still frightened . 
 i suspect she always will be now -- because she was followed so long . 
 she could n't tell me anything -- had n't even heard of indigo . 
 then her husband grabbed the phone and he was yelling . 
 he was n't happy that indigo had run out in the middle of everything . 
 well , it sounded to me like the first sensible thing she 'd done . 
 i hung up on him mid rant because i was just on the edge of shouting back , ` are you happy now your wife 's free and it 's taken indigo ? ' 
 after two weeks i 'm still running on adrenalin . 
 it 's a like a drug coursing through me all the time , leaving a metal taste in my mouth and a kind of electric buzzing at my fingertips . 
 i 've had trouble with insomnia before but i never knew you could be quite so wired and so burnt out all at once . 
 the problem is that there 's nowhere for that adrenalin to go . 
 no heroic rescue to be made . 
 nothing to do but go back to the same places , secretly letting myself into indigo 's building while her house mate is at work . 
 walking through the rooms with the bad feeling that the house is watching me and it knows i 'm missing something huge . 
 that 's what it seems like anyway -- some huge and obvious clue that will lead me straight to her . 
 only i 'm too stupid to see it . 
 most of all i go to the kitchen . 
 because that 's where it took her . 
 i know this , because i saw her go . 
 it 's pretty much burned into my skull . 
 really , i kind of knew it the moment i knocked on the door -- that something terrible was happening inside . 
 if i did n't still have her key i probably would have broken a window or something . 
 it felt that bad . 
 once i was in i ran up the stairs and just about crashed into the wall , i was going so fast . 
 they were standing in the kitchen . 
 its body -lrb- shaped just like an ordinary man -rrb- almost blocked her from view , but i could see a fragment of her face and her arm . 
 i guess it would have been out of its line of vision , but i caught a glint from her hand , a little knife . 
 maybe it was just wishful thinking , but for a split second i was sure she looked past it and right at me . 
 and so i think she must have had a moment of hope . 
 that some sort of help had arrived . 
 but i just stood there as it reached up , really quite slowly , to touch her face . 
 i was in shock i suppose -- to see it in the house . 
 it did n't belong there . 
 it was indigo who acted , bringing the little knife around in a sudden , savage arc . 
 but it never struck . 
 all i could do was stare as its fingers connected with her forehead and they both stuttered and flickered off like a broken projector image . 
 i 've seen some really strange things over the years . 
 i was once taking an account from an elderly woman who believed her dead sister was watching over her . 
 part way through the interview a little porcelain dog from the mantelpiece shot past us and burst into smithereens against the opposite wall . 
 things like that were happening all the time . 
 i had journals full of that stuff . 
 there 's always an explanation . 
 and i know it will all be explained scientifically some day . 
 i do n't have the background to do that . 
 i 'm a recorder really . 
 i take down the accounts , do the research . 
 i do n't know why , but i just know that someone needs to do it . 
 it needs to be witnessed before it can be explained . 
 so , i 've seen some unusual things . 
 but this was different . 
 i saw them both flickering in and out like guttering candles . 
 and then nothing , just the empty kitchen . 
 i do n't really know how else to describe it , except to say it was the most unscientific thing i ever saw . 
 so now i regularly stand in the kitchen , looking at that spot where i last saw her . 
 it gives me a kind of link to the moment . 
 i have this idea that if i remember it clearly enough , i 'll know what action to take . 
 but no matter how hard i think about it , no matter how much detail there is , i still have no idea what to do . 
 the truth is she just vanished . 
 she was there and then she was n't . 
 kind of like a car accident , only with nothing left behind to prove that it was real . 
 after i go to her house i generally come home and sit and watch tv , and watch the clock . 
 there 's a big empty space with me all the time . 
 or , rather , a little indigo-sized space . 
 it 's like her absence is beside me all the time . 
 while i 'm looking at the five o’clock news -lrb- five o’clock , that makes another hour gone -rrb- , i 'm thinking of all the things i used to hate about her that i can now see were the best parts of her . 
 her stubbornness and the way she always did things secretly , and then would try to coerce me into helping her once she was in real danger . 
 well now i saw her stubbornness as courage , and it was my cowardice that had forced her to trick me into involvement . 
 i 've tried to cope with what happened my own way . 
 it 's left me burnt out and empty . 
 i think the only thing to do is what indigo would do in my place . 
 a way to honour her , i suppose . 
 i 'm going to drink myself into oblivion . 
 i started methodically . 
 and maybe you 're already seeing a fault in my plan . 
 i 've never been a happy drunk at the greatest of times . 
 i 'm the one who suddenly turns nasty just when everyone else is reaching the peak of enjoyment . 
 but i forget that quite easily , because i 'm not generally a drinker . 
 truth be told , drunks kind of disgust me . 
 it begins with a flood of remarkable insights . 
 this time was no different . 
 only no one was with me to suffer through it . 
 i just sat there having realisations about my life . 
 i 've never told anyone this before because i 'm kind of ashamed of it , but my father is a very rich man . 
 i do n't ever have to worry about money . 
 indigo does n't know about that and i wish it was n't true , because for some reason it makes me feel pretty worthless . 
 my mother was a free spirit who left me with him -- knowing he had the cash to bring me up . 
 as if that 's all it took . 
 i guess she thought that an illegitimate child was going to be hugely popular with the strait-laced family he already had . 
 i do n't think i need to even go into that . 
 it was n't a great success . 
 so here 's the amazing insight . 
 it suddenly dawned on me that one of my parents was a big empty space that i filled up with whatever . 
 my father was a man and my mother was absence . 
 and what did that mean for who i was ? 
 did it make me a changeling -- something half from another world -- i mean half-born of my own imagination ? 
 i started to picture myself as some sort of lumbering minotaur , blundering about , ruining everything i touched . 
 i 'm a terrible drunk , like i said . 
 i just kept on and on , as if i was stuck in some kind of pop-psychology labyrinth . 
 oh , it was complicated . 
 sometimes my mother was n't absence . 
 sometimes she was a sliver of memory -- of sitting in enormously high grass while she held a buttercup to my face . 
 only in my mind i can see its reflection , a yellow coin on my chin , and i start to wonder if it 's a real memory or just something i saw in a movie . 
 so after drinking a magnificent amount of horrible cheap scotch , followed by something liquorice flavoured -lrb- which was all i had -rrb- i just sat at my table with my head resting on my arms and felt i was in some dreary existentialist novel . 
 the flood of energy was over . 
 all the insights i 'd had were empty and i was a disgusting drunk . 
 worse , i was a coward for anaesthetising myself against what i 'd done to indigo . 
 that was it . 
 at the heart of it . 
 what i 'd done . 
 i 'd kept her in the dark . 
 i should have given her all the information i had right from the beginning . 
 if she had known how dangerous it really was she might have hung back . 
 if i 'd told her that followers always took someone . 
 but i had n't and now she was gone . 
 the equation was starkly and beautifully simple . 
 it was almost a relief . 
 i guess this was the moment of true insight when i could have stopped drinking . 
 but i did n't . 
 if you had a bit of a literary background you might say i 'd waded out so far , it seemed just as hard to come back as to go all the way . 
 and i 've always been very goal driven . 
 well now oblivion was my goal and that 's where i was headed . 
 wednesday , december 16 everyone knows that the problem with that kind of oblivion is that it 's quickly replaced by something ten times worse than what you started with . 
 i suppose i 'd forgotten about that too . 
 the full reality . 
 when i woke i was aware that the sun had been blazing through the shut blinds for hours . 
 only now i could n't block it out anymore because there was a shrilling noise with it . 
 a part of me knew perfectly well it was the phone , but another part was still lost in that black , primitive emptiness that had been such a blessing , when i finally felt it coming . 
 each ring tore another layer back , bringing me closer to a harsh reveal that i did n't want . 
 on the sixth ring i finally acknowledged it was the phone , but did n't want to answer . 
 by the seventh ring indigo 's disappearance had hit me again . 
 by the eighth i was back in my body and it was a terrible place full of pain and lurching nausea . 
 the ninth ring reminded me that the phone was important now indigo was gone . 
 it could even be her . 
 i flung one arm over my eyes and reached for it . 
 she had a pretty voice and it was saying very quickly who she was and why she was calling , but i was in such a terrible way i could n't grasp it . 
 ` sorry ? ' 
 i whispered , when there was a silence . 
 she started again , voice just as bright . 
 ` it 's ani . 
 indigo 's tenant , remember ? ' 
 i sighed deeply . 
 it was rude of me . 
 it 's not that often i get called by beautiful women . 
 at least , i 'm pretty sure it was not that often , as i usually had a strict policy of not answering the phone . 
 ` i 'm going to have to call you back ... ' i began , cursing her for waking me out of my blissful nothingness , but she was starting again . 
 ` look , dylan . 
 i know you said that indigo 's gone away for a while , and i 'm not really sure if you know what the real situation is over here . 
 but i 'm getting this crazy vibe in the kitchen and i 'm pretty sure something really , really bad happened there . ' 
 i sat up pretty quickly when she mentioned the kitchen , but then had to double over in a wash of nausea . 
 she must have taken my struggle not to be violently ill as an emotional moment , because she said , worriedly ; ` do n't freak out on me though ! ' 
 that made me laugh . 
 i laughed for quite a while . 
 which made me realise she was right -- i was ` freaking out ' in rather a huge way . 
 ` what do you mean ` the kitchen ' ? ' 
 i asked , stupidly . 
 ` how could you know that ? ' 
 ` well , i think it 's obvious something happened in the kitchen . 
 and i do n't think indigo 's gone away at all . 
 i think she 's still in the house . ' 
 i stood up so fast at this that , to be honest , i almost blacked out . 
 i had to sit down again and actually press the phone into my forehead to get rid of the darkness at the edge of my eyes . 
 ` the house ? ' 
 i managed , finally . 
 there was a bit of silence . 
 ` dylan , i do n't think this phone thing is working out . 
 why do n't you give me your address and i 'll come over ? ' 
 well i got the address out before , i 'm sorry to say , i had to stagger to the bathroom and be copiously sick . 
 it 's not necessary for you to judge me . 
 i was totally disgusted with myself . 
 rest assured this is the last time i plan a course of action on what indigo would do . 
 she always has big ideas but she 's never been much of a forward thinker . 
 afterwards i slumped numbly against the bathroom wall with evil little white flashes going at the edge of my vision . 
 but i did n't stay there long . 
 i had only met ani a few times , but i had a very clear memory of her magnificent long legs and wide-set blue eyes . 
 not that i was in a condition to make a good impression , or that i even really wanted to . 
 i just did n't want to horrify her with my evil-smelling kitchen and mail-strewn passageway . 
 i was a clean person usually . 
 a bit obsessive compulsive . 
 but the last month had been a sudden slide into chaos and i 'd stopped even seeing it as mess . 
 until ani called . 
 yes , i could think about these things even with indigo gone . 
 i 'm only human . 
 the apartment was kind of presentable when she arrived twenty minutes later . 
 but i was still a total mess , and she saw it as soon as i opened the door . 
 ` sorry to tell you that stuff over the phone , ' she said , walking in with a good smell -lrb- vanilla perfume and sunlight -rrb- . 
 she was almost as tall as i was and could look me straight in the eye . 
 maybe i should n't have noticed but , in my defense , i was in a pretty vulnerable state . 
 ` it 's kind of a shame , ' she said , looking at my intricate collection of bird skulls , but not commenting , ` that you 're so hung over . 
 you 're totally in the wrong place for this . ' 
 she sat herself down on a linoleum chair , legs stretching out like some crazy bambi creature . 
 ` but i 'm really glad it was n't you . 
 i mean , i had to read you to be safe , but i can see by just looking at you that you did n't do it . ' 
 i did n't understand anything she was saying . 
 ` do you know where indigo is ? ' 
 i asked , enunciating carefully . 
 ` well , i 'd like to hear what you think , but the kitchen seems to be the last place she was when she was definitely anywhere . ' 
 i just stood there and looked at her . 
 i was really stunned . 
 ` you 're sick , ' she said , brightly . 
 ` you 'd better sit down before you puke . ' 
 i sat down . 
 she was still looking around the apartment , eyes passing over my locked cabinet of notebooks . 
 ` i 'm glad it was n't you . 
 i mean , i was starting to think you might have done it . ' 
 she laughed . 
 ` i 've got no idea what a ` follower ' is , but i can tell you , the kitchen feels like the bermuda triangle or something . ' 
 i registered the word ` follower ' and was just alert enough to guess where she 'd found it . 
 ` you read her diary ? ' 
 she shrugged . 
 ` it was on her bed . ' 
 she leaned forward and fixed me with her big eyes . 
 ` and i should have known that kind of negative energy could only be something from another plane . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` i do n't mean to be rude , but you sound like a new age freak . ' 
 i really meant it as an apology , but i do n't think it came out that way . 
 she sat back and glared at me . 
 ` well , i guess you have your own ideas , but if i were you i 'd be looking at the house . ' 
 she was right , of course . 
 i stood up very slowly , head throbbing . 
 ` let 's go then . ' 
 ` if you think you 're up to it . ' 
 she was definitely not happy with me . 
 i suppose i deserved it . 
 politeness is about the first thing to go with me when i 'm sick . 
 add to that the shock of it all . 
 because it was impossible she knew about what had happened in the kitchen . 
 it was already too hot outside . 
 it usually took twenty minutes to walk to indigo 's place , but i guess i made it a little longer . 
 i could n't move very fast and i think the sun was literally killing me . 
 it must have been high thirties celsius and i was dehydrated and at the point of passing out any moment . 
 strangely , it was the fear of passing out and making a spectacle of myself that i was most worried about . 
 i guess it was easier than thinking about indigo . 
 i followed ani 's long legs up the outer stairway and waited for her to unlock the door , politely pretending that i did n't still have my own key , and that i had n't been letting myself in and poking around for the last month . 
 the house blew cool air over us as we went in . 
 i swear indigo 's place has its own weather system . 
 i stopped in the passageway , looking at the high white walls and letting my eyes adjust to the gloom . 
 ani shut the door behind us and i had a memory of indigo slumped against it , peeling the straps of her shoes away from red marks on her legs . 
 i could see she 'd run so fast and so far in those shoes that she must have been in total panic . 
 which was not really like indigo at all . 
 she was generally pretty cool , which just means she puts a high priority on hiding any fear she 's actually feeling . 
 i think that 's what scared me the most , even more than knowing she had seen another follower and it had seen her . 
 to realise that she had been running from something in pure terror . 
 but i suppose it was an improvement in a way -- for her to be heading away from trouble instead of straight toward it . 
 ani touched my arm and made me jump . 
 ` do you want to go to the kitchen ? ' 
 i just leaned up against the wall and she stood there looking at me . 
 it was pretty clear that neither of us wanted to go . 
 ` i guess you read about it all in indigo 's diary , ' i said . 
 ` the follower . ' 
 she did n't even blush . 
 ` and that notebook too . 
 i read about it but i do n't know what it is . 
 some sort of dark idea that 's become material i suppose . 
 you have to wonder why she 's invited that into her life . ' 
 i could n't help it , i laughed , and she looked pretty annoyed . 
 ` well , at least i 've got a theory . 
 what are you doing about it ? 
 just taking endless notes and like ` case histories ' and never having a real opinion about anything ? ' 
 i was n't laughing anymore . 
 she really had been reading indigo 's diary . 
 ` let 's just go upstairs . ' 
 we went up to the third level , which was mostly taken up by a big front room stretching across the width of the building . 
 just before it was a poky little space , which i guess had been a maid 's room or something in victorian times . 
 now it had a battered table and a little kitchenette . 
 maybe it was my aching head , but i could n't feel anything strange there . 
 just the kind of sick feeling you might expect from a hideous hangover and the memory of indigo 's white face as she disappeared into nothingness . 
 i 'd walked straight in , but ani was standing just outside the door , arms crossed . 
 there was a half-made coffee on the bench , and i guess she had decided , mid-way through , to call me . 
 it awakened another memory . 
 it was a while ago now , when i was living there . 
 indigo had been making coffee and i 'd walked up behind her and kissed her softly on the back of her neck , burying my face in her hair . 
 ever since she 'd been missing i 'd been thinking of stupid things like that . 
 wondering what it had been that had made me so fed up with her in the end . 
 i was drawn out of my maudlin loop by ani suddenly walking in and crouching down to press her palms against the floor -- pretty much exactly where i 'd seen indigo disappear . 
 ` oh yeah , she 's definitely still here , ' she said , sitting back on her heels and wiping her palms on her bare legs . 
 ` but she 's ... ' she stopped . 
 ` underneath . ' 
 she pronounced the word strangely , as if it was coming to her syllable by syllable . 
 she stood up slowly and seemed to look right through me , lips parted as if she was about to continue . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 i asked . 
 she was starting to make me edgy with her wall-eyed look . 
 ` she 's underneath , ' she repeated . 
 if there 's one thing that really creeps me out it 's mediums , and it was becoming more and more obvious that 's what she was . 
 i was n't all that surprised . 
 indigo could n't seem to do anything without attracting some kind of supernatural trouble , even subletting her house . 
 ` you mean downstairs ? ' 
 i tried . 
 she shrugged , finally seeming to see me and looking miserable . 
 i walked straight down to the landing . 
 the stairs leading to the street level were totally boarded over and had been ever since indigo first got the place . 
 it was one of her bizarre rent requirements that she did n't try to open it up . 
 the landlord used to come look at it once a week , sometimes twice , just to make sure she had n't opened it . 
 pretty creepy and not technically permitted for a landlord , but if you 're getting a massive victorian terrace for a hundred a week , you do n't complain . 
 eventually he seemed to trust her a little more and i 'm not sure that he came at all anymore . 
 we never wanted to look down there anyway . 
 it was a pretty messy job , just big slats of wood leaning over the stairway and awkwardly nailed down straight into the carpet . 
 i had to go searching for a hammer , which i eventually found beside indigo 's bed . 
 i guess that said something about her state of mind before it took her . 
 the nails were n't too difficult to get up . 
 though it would have been easier if i was n't so horribly ill and cramping up every two minutes . 
 ani had gone dead quiet and just stood behind me . 
 i 'll tell you what i really hate about mediums . 
 there can be two of you there , but you 're actually completely alone . 
 to be fair , not all of them were like that . 
 some of them seemed kind of chatty and normal and would just drop odd things into the conversation now and then , as naturally as if they were commenting on the weather . 
 ani was not one of those . 
 she was of the full on trance type , and that was not something i wanted to be around . 
 i went up the little flight of stairs to rip the top of the panels from the base of the wooden banister up there , pretty relieved just to get away from her for a few seconds . 
 she was crouching down again , running her fingers lightly over the loose nails like someone reading braille . 
 after a moment she looked up at me and said in a surprised tone , ` he just nailed it all shut . 
 he did n't even bother to clean up . 
 he just nailed it all shut and waited for a few months . ' 
 she really had a very sweet voice . 
 no matter what she was saying . 
 at that moment i just wanted to tell her to shut up . 
 i assume it was the landlord she was talking about . 
 i did n't want to know what he 'd done or what was down there . 
 i just wanted to find indigo . 
 even though it made no sense , i was totally convinced we would find her . 
 ani thought she was there . 
 and though i 'm not at all superstitious , i just knew at a gut level that it was true . 
 i came down and lifted the planks away , leaning them up against the walls . 
 they were heavy and i was pretty unwell but i could see ani was in no condition to help . 
 when i was done , i stood at the top of the stairs and looked down into the dimness , feeling cool air wafting past , as if the house was able to breathe again . 
 the steps were covered in the same dark carpet as the landing , making it hard to see where they ended . 
 i let out a deep breath . 
 there was no point putting it off . 
 i started down , keeping one hand on the wood of the banister while the other trailed against the wall , dislodging drifts of old plaster . 
 when i got halfway down i made out the tiny seams of light around the front door and began to see doorways on my left . 
 i looked back . 
 ani was descending very slowly . 
 i 'd been feeling pretty unfriendly towards her , what with the fact she was scaring the hell out of me , but now she just looked like an animal being herded into a slaughterhouse and i felt bad for her . 
 i went back up and touched her arm , a bit awkwardly i suppose . 
 she 'd lost her blank look , and i was glad to have her fully with me , even if she was scared out of her wits . 
 ` you do n't have to come down , ' i said . 
 she looked surprised . 
 i guess she had no reason to think i was n't a complete jerk all the time . 
 ` no , i want to , ' she replied , actually stepping past me . 
 we came down almost together , her pale head just a little before mine , but we both stopped at the foot of the stairs . 
 the front hallway was very dark and it was undeniably cold , with no sense that the sun was burning outside . 
 i could see the nearest internal door was boarded up pretty solidly and did n't like to think about that too much . 
 ani was walking a little deeper into the coolness of the house , but she stopped beside the stairs and gasped as if someone had tapped her on the shoulder . 
 i came closer , skin prickling and very willing to acknowledge that the ` vibe ' was pretty bad . 
 there was a little closet under the stairs . 
 i could make out the handle of the door . 
 ani was pressing herself right up against the panels in a very strange way . 
 i waited , but she did n't move . 
 she had simply laid herself against the door , breathing deeply , as if she was asleep . 
 i hesitated before i gently pushed her aside , even at that moment too aware of the heat coming off her skin . 
 i opened the little door , fingers tingling . 
 needless to say , it was utterly black . 
 i had to stoop to get in , aware of ani 's shadowy form out in the hallway next to me . 
 i waited for a few moments , hoping my eyes would adjust , but nothing happened . 
 meanwhile i breathed in the air , stale and strangely warm . 
 then i did it quickly , without letting myself think about it . 
 i crouched down and reached out , into the darkest corner . 
 i felt it right away -- the soft give of a body . 
 i jumped back . 
 it startled me , even though i kind of expected it . 
 i reached forward again , felt cool skin under my hands , though i could n't tell if it was an arm , a shoulder , or a leg . 
 ` she 's not there , ' said ani , in her sweet , absent voice . 
 ` oh , yes she is , ' i told her . 
 it was awkward getting indigo up the stairs . 
 partly because i was doing it on my own , and even though she 's very little she was still quite a weight for one person on a stairway . 
 also because i wanted to get as far away from ani and the darkness as quickly as possible in the way that a little kid will take a panicky flying leap into bed to avoid the thing that might be lurking underneath . 
 i pretty much fell onto the landing and indigo fell like a rag doll with me . 
 it 's horrible to say but her head hit the carpet with a thud , and she still did n't show any sign of life . 
 i half lifted her up again . 
 ` take her away . 
 to her room , ' said ani , emerging from the darkness breathlessly , pupils huge and black . 
 she grabbed indigo 's legs . 
 together we carried her up and laid her on the bed . 
 i was sure she was dead , the way her head lolled back on the covers . 
 my brain was pretty much failing to absorb this . 
 in just the same way , it was n't able to bridge the disconnect between seeing her flickering out like a fey candle in the kitchen and finding her very real body stuffed in a cellar under the stairs . 
 i ca n't say i was even upset . 
 i just felt hugely focused and amazed . 
 my hangover had dissolved in a warm flow of adrenaline . 
 i could see indigo in extreme detail , each eyelash lying against her cheek and the soft bruised colour beneath her eyes , as if she 'd been awake too many nights . 
 ` she 's breathing , ' said ani , touching my arm to get my attention . 
 i had a strong feeling then that i was a crazy , swirling kite that she had by a string . 
 only her hand was keeping me from some kind of reverse-plummet into the sky . 
 she said it a little louder . 
 ` dylan , she 's breathing . ' 
 i finally saw indigo 's chest rising and falling . 
 it knocked all the breath out of me , to realise she was alive . 
 it was only then i registered she was wearing a flimsy slip of some silky white material . 
 i do n't think i 'd ever seen it before , and she certainly was n't wearing it when she was taken . 
 it was not something i wanted to think about too much . 
 it just seemed too corporal , and this whole thing was meant to be some kind of a metaphysical situation . 
 i closed my hand about her arm and shook it . 
 there was no change . 
 she really just appeared to be sleeping . 
 a piece of her dark hair was sticking to the edge of her mouth . 
 i brushed it away , very carefully -- it was the only useful thing i could do . 
 ani was looking at me . 
 ` you 'd better stay with her , ' she said . 
 ` keep her warm . ' 
 i was n't really sure what she meant . 
 it seemed warm enough in indigo 's room , oppressive you might call it , but ani left without any explanation , shutting the door behind her . 
 i knelt on the bed and opened up the windows to let more of the hot afternoon air in . 
 a blackbird was singing . 
 maybe it will sound strange , but i pulled off my t-shirt and then carefully peeled off indigo 's dress , throwing it as far away as possible . 
 i lay down behind her and wrapped my arms around her small body . 
 she felt cool and kind of insubstantial . 
 i thought if i held her too tightly she might dissolve away and leave me holding nothing at all . 
 it occurred to me that an ambulance might be appropriate , but instead i just watched the tiny rise and fall of her chest under my darker arm , and listened to the soft whoosh of her pulse right up against my ear . 
 outside the door , i could hear the sound of nails being driven into wood but it seemed very far away . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 skin against skin i felt i could pass my awakeness to her by some kind of mysterious osmosis . 
 all the terror of the last weeks was drifting off and i had a strange feeling that our breathing had become one , as if i were drawing air through indigo 's mouth and she was breathing out through mine . 
 i wanted to stay awake for her , but gradually , the rhythm of her soft breaths was taking me over and carrying me , breath by breath , into sleep . 
 **** chapter 3 . 
 indigo found thursday , december 17 indigo i woke with the beautiful sensation of being held by someone bigger than me . 
 granted , i 'm pretty small , so just about everyone is bigger than me . 
 but it was still one of my favourite feelings . 
 i just lay there , breathing quietly and feeling them breathing , until the unsettling realisation started to grow on me that i had no idea who was holding me . 
 i sat up , fast . 
 two unwelcome facts hit me simultaneously . 
 first , that i was lying in bed with dylan . 
 second , that i was completely naked . 
 thankfully , i had n't woken him . 
 he had just rolled onto his back . 
 but my confusion only got deeper when i leapt up and scrabbled around for some emergency clothes . 
 all i could find on the floor was dylan 's t-shirt and a crumpled white slip that i had never seen before . 
 i stared at it for a while , ridiculous threesome scenarios occurring to me , while i turned it this way and that . 
 definitely not mine . 
 it was made of some flimsy , synthetic fabric with faint blue and pink cross stitches around the hem . 
 really it looked like something from the fifties . 
 dylan made a sudden huffing sound and it struck me that i really did n't want him to find me standing naked in the middle of the room , staring at lingerie . 
 in-fact , the time-honoured course of action would be for me to get dressed as quickly as possible and vacate the area , thus allowing him to disappear with grace and ensuring we could pretend the whole thing had never happened . 
 that 's what we 'd done the last few times anyway . 
 but that was a couple of years ago , and i really thought we 'd moved on from all that . 
 i knew i had to get out of the room but the problem was , once i 'd found some clothes and was fully dressed , i just had to look at him . 
 because i had the weirdest feeling that it had been ages since i 'd seen him last . 
 he was still wearing his jeans , but his chest was bare and i was kind of shocked at how gaunt he looked . 
 he had one arm flung out and it was so wiry it seemed that his forearm was actually wider than his biceps . 
 he had bruised streaks under his eyes too . 
 truth be told , he looked rough as guts . 
 kind of like one of the guys from the half-way house nearby . 
 just out of prison and apparently open for suggestion as to how to get back in as fast as possible . 
 granted that dylan 's control-freak tendencies never seemed to extend to his own person , but i had n't noticed how bad he was getting . 
 as for the shadows under his eyes , i guess we must have had a huge night and i probably looked no better . 
 by this stage i 'd been staring at him so long that the inevitable happened and he woke up and looked right at me . 
 ` oh , ' i said , backing off and actually blushing . 
 ` hi ... ' but instead of giving me the awkward ` just friends ' line i 'd been bracing for , he jumped straight up and hugged me so hard that my toes actually lifted off the ground . 
 then he held my arms , stood back and stared at me . 
 his eyes looked terrible , red-rimmed so their grey was almost blue . 
 i was just opening my mouth to ask -lrb- sarcastically -rrb- about his drug problem when he shook me , really hard . 
 it was just for a second but it frightened the hell out of me . 
 ` indigo ! ' 
 he said , angrily , still not letting go . 
 then it seemed like he was lost for words . 
 he just bored into me with his strange , new blue eyes and his fingers bit into my arms . 
 ` let go of me , ' i said , so startled i was shaking . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` indigo , where have you been ? ' 
 up until that point i 'd been fine . 
 a little trembly at the knees maybe , but basically fine . 
 that question changed everything . 
 it was lucky he had such a death grip on my arms because the whole ground suddenly swung sideways under my feet . 
 a huge realisation had grabbed me . 
 i could n't really say what it was , only it was so big that i had to hold onto him while the world swung crazily around me . 
 ` indigo ? ' 
 i was lying underground , i remembered it now . 
 lying on my back in the darkness for ages . 
 i could n't speak or lift myself up . 
 i was sinking down into the earth and my mouth was filling up with sand . 
 ` sit down . 
 i ca n't hold onto you . ' 
 i found myself sitting on the edge of the bed gasping like a landed fish . 
 dylan was crouched in front of me . 
 ` just try to breath slowly , ' he said . 
 he 'd moved on from the angry thing , and for once i was happy at his gift for detaching at crucial moments . 
 he was just about smiling at me in his effort to be reassuring . 
 ` you 're fine , ' he said . 
 ` just breathe . ' 
 i breathed . 
 ` how long have i been gone ? ' 
 i asked , once i 'd stopped gulping in air and could speak . 
 he hesitated for about five seconds before answering , so i knew it was going to be bad . 
 ` over a month . ' 
 ` oh , ' i said , and at last my own brain was kicking in with the detachment trick . 
 total dissociation might be a better description . 
 ` we found you under the stairs , ' he added , as if that was the most normal thing in the world . 
 ` under the stairs , ' i echoed , politely . 
 it was really as if one of those security screens in a bank had suddenly come down . 
 i could n't make enough sense of that wisp of underground memory to even begin to share it . 
 plus the mental numbness was now spreading throughout my body in an almost pleasurable way . 
 ` indi , what happened ? ' 
 he might as well have been talking about a stranger . 
 i was so entirely blank i could n't even say , ` i do n't know . ' 
 i just sat there , staring at him , until that got too awkward and then i stared at the ground . 
 he stood up . 
 ` i 'll get you some water . ' 
 pleasant as the numbness was , i knew i did n't want to be alone . 
 silently , i got up and followed him out of my room , -lrb- legs really shaking now -rrb- , past the blocked stairs , up to the kitchen . 
 he gave me a look as we went in , but if there was something i was meant to be worried about , i could n't work out what it was . 
 ani was sitting at the kitchen table , but she jumped up when i came in and pulled out a chair for me , helping me into it like i was a hundred years old . 
 ` i 'll make you some camomile tea , ' she said -- like that was the answer to all the world 's troubles . 
 i just sat there , staring at my upturned hands as if they belonged to someone else . 
 dylan sat opposite me . 
 ` you can walk , ' he noted . 
 ` yes , ' i answered . 
 we sat in silence for a while . 
 i was n't sure what his point was . 
 ` you ca n't have been lying down there very long . ' 
 i did n't say anything to that . 
 it was interfering with my pleasant disengagement . 
 under the stairs ? 
 missing for a month ? 
 ani was stuffing handfuls of camomile into the teapot . 
 ` well , of course ... ' she said , banging the strainer against the sink . 
 ` she may have only been gone a few seconds . 
 you know , if you consider time being totally relative and all that stuff . ' 
 she seemed to be waiting for a response , but dylan was acting as if he had n't heard her and i was trying to understand her without success . 
 over a month . 
 it was impossible . 
 ` you 're very white though , ' he said , still staring at me . 
 ` so you 've been in the dark for a while . ' 
 i stood up . 
 ` i need to go to the bathroom , ' i said . 
 i just could n't bear to hear them discussing it like that -- discussing my absence , which i did not fully believe . 
 and it sounds childish but i really did n't enjoy watching ani bouncing around in her singlet and tiny shorts -lrb- actually i was not entirely convinced they were n't just underpants -rrb- . 
 although dylan did n't seem to have noticed . 
 and i should n't really care if he did notice . 
 it seemed like all i could focus on was the insignificant stuff , and the only way i could think about my absence , was to wonder what might have happened between those two . 
 in an imaginary world -- where i really had been gone for a month . 
 i went down to my garden , if you could call it that , just a long stretch of bricks running alongside the house and the empty servants ' quarters , shadowed by a very high wall . 
 when i stepped out into the sunlight i had that feeling you get when you 've been in bed for awhile with a bad flu . 
 you get outside and everything looks new and amazing . 
 i just stood there , feeling the heat passing up through the soles of my feet and watching the sunlight beating against my bare arms . 
 they were startlingly pale , like the underbelly of a fish . 
 definitely paler than i remembered . 
 i stopped looking at them and looked around instead . 
 everything seemed weird and over-exposed . 
 my eyes were really aching . 
 i had filled a long , wooden box with flowers and herbs and someone must have been ignoring the water restrictions and watering them all the time because they were absolutely thriving -- so insanely green that i went over just to run my fingers through the leaves . 
 there was something about the light and the growing things that was allowing me to feel alright , even though i knew that the protective barrier was getting thinner and thinner by the second . 
 every few moments i could feel it , my mouth blocked and filling . 
 a wave of panic would crest in my body , then slowly and magically dissolve into the warmth of blankness . 
 i really did n't like any of the options i had come up with . 
 had the follower taken me down into the sealed rooms ? 
 had i been awake the whole time ? 
 and if i had been , was the memory of choking on sand just a nightmare , or my way to think about something more appalling and visceral ? 
 perhaps it had simply stored me under the stairs , the way a butcher bird will hang its prey in the fork of a tree . 
 in which case i must have been in some sort of strange hibernation . 
 in which case it must be coming back . 
 i knew i would n't work it out simply by thinking about it . 
 if i knew the answer it was too neatly sealed off inside of me . 
 i pictured it like some massive surgery that only shows as a few neat stitches on the outside . 
 i had so little to go by , but i sensed something huge and terrible had happened . 
 i found myself looking at the blank downstairs windows . 
 i 'd tried to peek in when i first moved there but i could only catch glimpses through the cracks in the blind . 
 everything had been dim , just lumps of furniture and the dark rectangle of an inner doorway . 
 i drifted over to them now , without really thinking about it . 
 i did n't really feel nervous , it was all half imaginary anyway . 
 the bricks got cooler against my feet as i reached the part that was always in shade . 
 despite the dry summer , the velvety moss was pushing water up between my toes . 
 i ignored the padlocked door and pressed up against the first window . 
 it 's where i 'd had the best view in the past -- the edge of an empty fireplace and half a doorway -- but this time it was totally covered by the blind . 
 the next window was no good anymore either . 
 i tried not to think about this too much . 
 it was only when i reached the final one -- right at the end -- that i found i could see underneath the blind . 
 if you can call bumpy black shapes against a charcoal background ` seeing ' . 
 it looked like a junk room . 
 i guess it was the room pretty much opposite the space under the stairs . 
 i was cupping my hands around my eyes to block the reflections on the glass when i realised there was someone standing right behind me . 
 i span around . 
 it was only ani , holding a cup of tea . 
 i had no idea how she had come down the metal stairs without me hearing . 
 i let out a pretty unsteady breath . 
 ` you 'd better drink this , ' she said . 
 then she glanced at the window behind me in the funniest way . 
 it was kind of a knowing look , i guess . 
 and all of a sudden , and quite unfairly , i was thinking of one of those sorcerous pre-raphaelite paintings , the way her hair was whisping out around her face and the little cup held cradled in both hands . 
 all that was really missing was an absinthe-green , semi-transparent gown . 
 of course , i took the tea and it was just plain old camomile tea -lrb- which i hate by the way -rrb- but i still felt pretty unsettled . 
 i guess my mind was a bit of a mess at that point . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 she asked . 
 i walked past her , toward the sunlight . 
 ` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm okay . ' 
 too brightly . 
 dylan was coming down too now and i wondered whether they 'd ever let me be on my own again . 
 ` i 'm still here , ' i said , kind of smiling . 
 he did n't smile back . 
 i guess it was clear to him what i 'd been doing . 
 ` we need to talk , ' he said , cutting through the politeness in his customary way . 
 i was n't sure i wanted to talk with ani-of-the-knowing-look standing right behind me , but he was already starting . 
 ` you should n't be on your own . 
 for a while anyway . 
 it could come back . ' 
 ` and what will you do ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` if you 're with me ? ' 
 he had no answer to that . 
 ` i need some space to think , ' i said . 
 ` you ca n't follow me around forever . ' 
 i took my tea and clanged back up the stairway , wishing i could take back the last sentence . 
 it sounded like the most ridiculous kind of freudian slip . 
 what i was really wondering was -- can it follow me around forever ? 
 it might seem odd , but after that nothing happened . 
 for a little while , at least . 
 dylan was pretty much living on my kitchen couch by then . 
 we did n't really discuss it . 
 he just never went home . 
 i was relieved . 
 not that you 'd know he was there . 
 he had a way of cleaning up all his stuff , the bedding and everything . 
 it all went into the top cupboards , that i could n't actually reach , and usually by the time i was up everything was packed and put away with an almost military neatness . 
 christmas passed and was pretty weird because i spent it with my whole family , just a normal christmas . 
 my disappearance was still unreal to me . 
 it was ludicrous actually -- just the idea of it . 
 when they commented on how pale i was looking , i just had to smile and shrug . 
 i could n't tell them i had n't answered my mobile for a month because i 'd been trapped downstairs in my own house -lrb- i 'd found about twenty messages from my mum from that time , just little things but it seemed like she knew something was up -rrb- . 
 when my dad asked me , sort of jokingly , where the hundred dollars was that i owed him , i could n't say -- well , actually i 've been in the thrall of some sort of supernatural being for weeks and now i 'm completely skint . 
 the measly five hundred i 'd made from my client all went in repaying ani my part of the rent , and keeping up with the next lot of bills . 
 not that she 'd asked . 
 but i felt bad about it . 
 i was so disconnected from what happened -lrb- whatever that was -rrb- , i could only focus on the little things . 
 dylan and ani came to christmas too . 
 it was clear to me that neither of them had anything else to do -- just sit boredly in the kitchen listening to christmas carols through my laptop . 
 of course , dad had to give dylan a big hug and joke about how he needed to get to the gym , build himself up a bit -- because girls liked that sort of thing , et cetera , et cetera -lrb- looking from ani to me the whole time , as if trying to work out what the romantic situation was -rrb- . 
 dylan took it in pretty good part . 
 i was even kind of enjoying myself , sitting round fondly heckling the queen 's christmas speech and all that . 
 only every so often , ani would give me this funny , thoughtful look . 
 i know that she 'd helped dylan pull up the boards , when he got that idea i was downstairs . 
 and she even carried me upstairs with him . 
 but i still got this weird vibe from her and avoided her as much as i could really . 
 it was unfair of me perhaps , but i could n't shake the feeling she was n't completely on my side . 
 as for the follower , i never saw it . 
 but i could n't sleep properly . 
 and sometimes when i got up to creep to the bathroom , i would hear the tv on in the kitchen , and i would realise that dylan could n't sleep either . 
 thursday , december 31 everyone knows that new year 's eve is the most irritating time of the year . 
 it 's impossible to decide what to do . 
 do you wander down to south bank , through the shoals of drunken teenagers and their blaring plastic horns ? 
 and then hobble home because it 's just that bit too close to justify waiting in massive queues for a taxi ? 
 or do you sit at home , grumpily , telling yourself you did n't want to go out anyway and regretfully dashing outside at the last minute to catch the fireworks ? 
 i opted to go out . 
 i made it pretty clear to dylan and ani that i was going out with my friends , it was just getting too claustrophobic with the three of us . 
 of course , it had been so long since i called any of my friends -- they were already full of plans for the night -- intimate , friend of a friend 's parties that they just felt a bit awkward taking someone else too . 
 i persisted in the fiction anyway . 
 i was already dressed up with -lrb- small -rrb- heels and everything , it would be too tragic to admit i had no plans . 
 of course , it turned out that ani actually had a party to go to and would have been quite happy to invite me if i had n't had my fictional social life . 
 in-fact she seemed strangely disappointed that i was n't free . 
 and that just left dylan sitting , cross-armed in front of the brainless new year 's coverage . 
 i hesitated a moment before i left . 
 he had no plans for new year 's . 
 he 'd long ago made a concerted effort to get rid of the few friends that he had . 
 not because he hated people -lrb- i assumed -rrb- , just because he was always busy with writing and things -lrb- though he sometimes had long mysterious absences during the day , when he knew ani would be home with me -rrb- . 
 i think it was harder for him than it was for me . 
 i could n't remember much that had happened -lrb- just odd dreams -rrb- , whereas he 'd had a whole month of just not knowing where i was and thinking i might be dead . 
 it was like he was still getting over it somehow . 
 really , i should have asked him to come out with me . 
 but i needed to get away . 
 he gave me a look , up and down . 
 i was wearing a nifty black dress from the actual thirties that my great grandmother had made . 
 ` you look nice , ' he allowed . 
 ` why , thank you . ' 
 ` do you need a lift ? ' 
 he had the saddest old bomb of a citroen parked outside his house . 
 it would take as long to walk there as it would to get to the city . 
 ` no , i 'm good . 
 i 've got my mobile . ' 
 i clicked down my laneway in a business-like manner . 
 i was not as nervous as i expected , being on my own . 
 and before you start to yell at me -- what the hell were you thinking ? 
 -- let me just point out that no one can live under 24-hour surveillance . 
 not happily anyway . 
 i think dylan understood that . 
 that 's why he had to let me go . 
 i needed to reclaim my independence before i became one of those people that are too afraid to poke their heads out the front door . 
 new year 's eve seemed like the perfect time to do it . 
 people everywhere . 
 you 'd probably rather i told you straight up and did n't leave you in doubt -lrb- with a drawn out description of clicking heels , dark alley -rrb- . 
 i never made it to the city . 
 i was n't even halfway up queensberry place when ani stepped out and stopped me . 
 she did n't say anything at first but she had a strange , solemn look about her . 
 almost like a child . 
 her eyes looked even bigger with kohl around them and she looked really tired -- kind of haggard . 
 it was like something was worrying her so much it was changing her whole face . 
 she touched my arm with her narrow fingers . 
 a sort of chill ran across my skin . 
 ` there 's something i need to show you , ' she whispered . 
 ` take off your shoes . ' 
 she did n't even wait for a reply , just started walking fast back towards my gate , her own shoes held in one hand . 
 i hesitated , wanting to say i was going to miss the fireworks , i 'd get holes in my patterned stockings et cetera , but i could see something important was happening . 
 for one thing , she must have been waiting about an hour in the laneway for me to come out . 
 by now she 'd reached my heavy metal gate and was trying to lift it as quietly as possible . 
 i slipped off my shoes and ran to catch up . 
 i took her place and lifted and pushed the gate in a way i knew would be quietest . 
 we left it open . 
 there was no way to close it quietly . 
 we tip-toed through the narrow garden , shoes in hand -- like naughty girls sneaking out to a party only , for some reason , we were sneaking in . 
 i could see the rectangle of light , high up from the kitchen and could hear the tv . 
 i was n't sure why we were trying so hard not to involve dylan . 
 it worried me a little , as it was already clear where ani was leading me . 
 i had this feeling that if i was going to brave the underbelly of the house , i wanted to let someone know . 
 like when you go bush walking and are meant to register your plans with someone in case you tumble down a cliff and no one realises you 're missing for the next week . 
 of course , it would be impossible to tell dylan without him getting involved and clearly ani was doing everything she could to make sure that did n't happen . 
 i was so curious i just followed . 
 she stopped at the darkened window beneath the kitchen , putting her shoes down , carefully standing them upright so the moss did n't stain them . 
 her dress was just a pale shimmer in the dimness . 
 to my surprise she simply pushed the glass upwards with her hands , then inserted her fingers under the window and lifted . 
 it opened easily . 
 i just stood there gaping at her like an idiot . 
 she lifted herself up lightly to sit on the sill , then ducked her head and slipped her long legs into the room . 
 the darkness ate her up straight away . 
 i suppose you already know that i 'm kind of an adrenaline junkie . 
 like anyone , i do n't really like being afraid , but i love that moment when you launch yourself into something new and dangerous . 
 my fragments of memory of being down there had just about slipped away and i was mostly left with curiosity . 
 not an idle curiosity mind you . 
 it was a desire to know , to really fully understand what had happened to me while i was gone . 
 it just had n't occurred to me to do something as simple and daring as this . 
 dumb i suppose . 
 or maybe really smart . 
 the windowsill was a little tricky , given my height , and my desire not to rip my heirloom party dress . 
 i dragged myself up until my hip bones hit the sill , then half fell into the darkness . 
 i stood up as fast as i could . 
 it really was black in there . 
 i reached my hand to my throat instinctively . 
 the room had an unused smell . 
 the warm night air was too still to change it . 
 it took me a moment to make out ani 's silhouette against the different darkness of the inner doorway . 
 she was just standing there , very still . 
 there were some tall shapes in the room too , i guess hat stands and old skis or something like that , but it was impossible to tell how close they were . 
 the gloom made everything seem too close . 
 i picked my way towards her , stretching one hand in front of myself , my feet and legs coming up against boxes and books , something falling and banging so hard against my shins , that i forgot dylan was right above us and swore pretty loudly . 
 ani turned to shush me -- at least i think that 's what she did , it was really too dim to tell . 
 i just heard the hiss of her breath . 
 i saw the glimmer of her dress as she moved into the hallway , beside the stairs . 
 there must have been a little street light slipping in there . 
 it glinted off her eyes too as she turned to check if i was following . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 i whispered as quietly as i possibly could . 
 i regretted speaking straight away . 
 the darkness muffled my voice and amplified it . 
 a listening feeling came down . 
 it was like a whole crowd of people had suddenly stopped talking and turned to stare at me . 
 i pressed my hand over my mouth , wanting to take the sound back . 
 ani just turned and disappeared from view . 
 i hurried to follow her , looking left to right as i moved into the passageway by the stairs , fearing some sudden death blow from the darkness . 
 i did n't really expect the follower would be there . 
 i just felt that something was there . 
 ani was standing near the front door . 
 i could hear a straining metal sound and a kind of scrabbling . 
 i passed the stairs and crept up behind her . 
 it was the front room . 
 i could just make out that there were boards across the door and she was working at them quietly but furiously . 
 she had a small metal tool in her hand that she must have brought in her purse . 
 she was forcing the nails up and they were pulling free one at a time and falling quietly to the carpet . 
 ` ani ! ' 
 i hissed . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 i glanced behind me as i spoke , checking that there was no one by the stairs . 
 she just kept working at the nails . 
 ` i 'm going out ! ' 
 i whispered , my fear finally cresting . 
 ` we 're not meant to be here . ' 
 i started back down the hall , but the deepening blackness stopped me . 
 i turned again , saw her leaning in , using her whole body to slowly force a board loose . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 i whispered again , my voice catching . 
 it was just too strange . 
 i stared at her for a while but the darkness behind me suddenly swelled and seemed about to grasp me . 
 i quickly pressed my back against the wall . 
 there was nothing there , of course . 
 i could almost see in each direction now , but i still felt as if something were about to grab me from behind , through the wall itself . 
 i just stood there breathing painfully . 
 i was waiting to raise the courage to pass the closet beneath the stairs , to rush through the black room and to the open window . 
 ` ani , there 's nothing there . ' 
 i said it so weakly that she could n't possibly have heard . 
 she stopped . 
 she pretty much had all the boards free now . 
 she walked back to me and stood just a little too close , not even glancing at the shadows around us . 
 ` you 're wrong , indigo , ' she said , in a hoarse little whisper . 
 ` there 's something she wants you to see . ' 
 i just stared at her as the words sank in . 
 ` what do you mean she ? ' 
 i said , finally . 
 she stared at me for a moment , only it did n't seem like she was looking at me -- more like she was listening . 
 she suddenly turned and walked straight back to the door , ripping the last board free with a groan of metal against wood . 
 she pushed the door open and went straight in . 
 ` i 'm not going in there , ' i said , to the empty hall . 
 of course , i already knew that was exactly what i was going to do . 
 **** chapter 4 . 
 hopeless choices thursday , december 31 dylan everyone knows new year 's is pretty much the worst night of the year bar christmas . 
 especially when you 're living with two attractive women , who both unexpectedly ditch you at the last possible minute . 
 not that there was much hope with either of them . 
 i was not suffering under any delusions . 
 unless you call vivid daydreams delusional . 
 ani , for all her forthright talk and bouncy friendliness was really pretty mysterious and was n't even around most of the time . 
 do n't get me wrong , she was very wantable , and i wanted her , but i was n't stupid enough to think that she would do . 
 it was indigo that i was stuck on . 
 it was taking me a while to face it , but i knew the moment she was taken that i actually loved her . 
 true , i could n't fully unravel how much was being ` in love ' and how much was the shock of losing a friend , like losing a limb , and wanting it back . 
 fiercely wanting to have held onto her . 
 to fix her safely to the spot . 
 thinking why did i choose to give her up ? 
 now i ca n't choose . 
 but i knew why i 'd let her go in the first place . 
 her instinct that led her stubbornly and unerringly to danger and utter chaos . 
 i did not want chaos . 
 it could exist on a book shelf or a disordered room , and -lrb- i admit -rrb- i spent much of my time managing it . 
 she seemed to move around in it somehow , like she was native to it -- in her element . 
 it kind of trailed after her . 
 so now you know . 
 it had n't been to protect her from my world that i had left her , but to protect my cowardly self from where she was leading me . 
 the vast unknown , the unclassifiable mess of not-knowingness that i guess is truly at the heart of what people call ` the supernatural ' . 
 the thing was , while she was gone , her kind of chaos did n't seem so bad anymore . 
 because i 'd found a worse kind of chaos . 
 a big grey void of it where nothing seemed to make any kind of sense . 
 she was back now , but no more available to me than before . 
 she was going for long walks or shutting herself up in her room -lrb- decisive click of the lock -rrb- . 
 these days i considered extended eye contact a success with her . 
 she 'd withdrawn from me and was so patently ` not mine ' . 
 even when i offered to take over her rent for a while , just a loan , that rebellious look of ` not in your debt ' as she thanked me . 
 i was not so clueless as to miss the message . 
 so i was stuck between two hopeless choices -lrb- door number one -- too beautiful , not interested in me , do n't love her anyway , door number two -- distracted , distant , possibly still hates me for dumping her -rrb- . 
 and yet , i 'd kind of assumed we 'd all go out for new year 's drinks together , and one thing might lead to another between at least two of us -lrb- i was unsettled on the configuration -rrb- . 
 i do n't want to seem shallow , but anyone who 's lived with two beautiful girls who show not the slightest interest in you will know how powerfully humiliating life can be . 
 how full of yearning and resentment . 
 despite all this , i was not so far gone as to doubt that indigo was right . 
 it was clearly unhealthy that not one of us was socialising outside our little group of three . 
 at least that 's what i 'd thought until they 'd both materialised , dressed to the nines and announcing they had plans with friends . 
 new year 's angst complete . 
 of course , they 'd left two bottles of champagne in the fridge and i 'd spent a few minutes considering whether it would be sadder to drink it on my own , or not to drink at all . 
 the decision came down on the side of drinking . 
 -lrb- lure of black emptiness ? 
 only not quite enough -rrb- . 
 and then the sound of it . 
 is there anything sadder than the sound of a champagne cork popping in an empty house ? 
 especially a listening house , like indigo 's . 
 i was onto my third glass , -lrb- and who knows how tragic the evening might have become ? -rrb- 
 when i heard a sound from downstairs . 
 it had somehow filtered through the stupidity of the tv . 
 i stood up and turned it down , listening hard . 
 nothing . 
 i waited a few counts . 
 still nothing . 
 i sat down again , turned the volume up . 
 obviously i should have gone down to investigate straight away , but to be fair , i was kind of sleep-deprived and not thinking clearly . 
 but now there were voices , i heard it even past the tv . 
 i went out to the landing . 
 it was very clear then . 
 nails groaning out of wood somewhere downstairs . 
 ` indigo ? ' 
 i called , looking at the wooden boards still shut down tight . 
 i was pretty sure it was her voice . 
 it would take too long to pull up the boards . 
 she must have gone in one of the windows . 
 which did n't surprise me at all -lrb- selfish and strange stab of joy -- she did n't have a party to go to either ! -rrb- . 
 but then there was something like a thud , barely audible , and a cry and i was running down the hallway and throwing the outer door open before a thought had fully formed in my mind . 
 it started forming as i clattered down the outside stairs -lrb- i was in real danger of breaking my neck -rrb- . 
 who was down there with her ? 
 and what had they done ? 
 and what exactly was i going to do about it ? 
 i jumped down the last three steps . 
 and stopped for a moment . 
 at the end of the narrow garden , the window was open . 
 i could see a gaping hole in the wall . 
 i was afraid . 
 i 'm not proud of it . 
 it was n't a supernatural fear . 
 it was simply this : if she was hurt beyond help , i did n't actually want to see . 
 there was no question the follower was physical -- could do physical harm . 
 i had no light and i had no weapon -lrb- where was that hammer ? -rrb- 
 and i did n't want to go in there and see what it might have done to her . 
 i stood there for what was probably only five seconds , but seemed like five minutes , feeling like i was being tested and failing horribly . 
 the high walls were looming , the window stretching away , a closing tunnel . 
 i felt it in my chest first . 
 the crackle and boom of the fireworks . 
 the light of them was pulsing on and off in the sky , turning the brick walls pale then dark . 
 but between the explosions i heard more muffled noises , something like a piece of furniture falling . 
 i ran for the window . 
 as i reached it there was a movement . 
 i went forward instinctively and caught ani in a warm tangle of arms and legs . 
 she slid to the ground and sat there like an unstrung marionette . 
 indigo scrambled out after her and pulled down the window with bang . 
 ani was clutching the back of her head , swaying forward . 
 ` she needs help , ' said indigo . 
 ` she 's bleeding . ' 
 she had a wild look on her face , i could see it with the pulse of each new light -- a smudge of pale blue , pale green , and her eyes very big . 
 ` get the first aid , ' i said . 
 she left . 
 i heard her clanging up the stairs . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 i asked ani . 
 ` indigo hit me , ' she murmured , dazedly . 
 it came out like one slurred word . 
 she was reaching for the back of her head but her hand was n't quite connecting . 
 she kept suddenly tilting forward as if she were going to black out . 
 it was kind of nightmarish with the fireworks flickering on and off . 
 i could n't see anything properly . 
 i reached to the back of her head and pressed my hand against the warmth there . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i asked , running through a series of scenarios , but pretty much at a loss . 
 she shook her head , dazedly . 
 ` keep still , you 're bleeding . ' 
 ` we had to go in , ' she said . 
 ` do n't black out . ' 
 ridiculous thing to say . 
 as if it was a decision she could make . 
 i glanced up at the window behind her . 
 ` was it just you two in there ? ' 
 ` yes , just us ... and ... ' ` and ? ' 
 i tried not to yell it out , i was so impatient . 
 the adrenalin was flowing again and i was getting ready to drag her as far as possible from the window . 
 and ? 
 ` no . 
 i think it was just us . ' 
 this was n't very satisfactory , but she was clearly too dazed to be more specific . 
 indigo was back , flinging open the first aid case and scattering it all over the ground . 
 ` i do n't know what we need . 
 gauze ? 
 i ca n't see a thing . 
 what do we need ? ' 
 ` just give me that , and that bandage . 
 you 'd better call an ambulance , ' i added , seeing how fast the blood soaked through the gauze . 
 ` no ambulance ! ' 
 gasped ani , trying unsuccessfully to stand up . 
 ` calm down , ' said indigo . 
 ` we 're going to emergency . ' 
 ` then we 're going to my place , ' i added . 
 ` no , ' said indigo immediately . 
 i could see her eyes very dark and wide . 
 ` this is my house . 
 i 'm not leaving . ' 
 as far as i could tell , they 'd both gone completely crazy . 
 ` let 's talk about it later , ' i suggested , but ani was shaking her head . 
 ` she 's right , ' she said . 
 ` she has to stay . 
 we all do . ' 
 ani absolutely refused to get an ambulance . 
 i guess we could have called one anyway , but i suspected there 'd be a pretty long wait on new year 's . 
 a taxi in the early hours of new year 's day was out of the question too . 
 still , it did n't seem right that she had to walk . 
 we only had to cross a block , then go through the exhibtion gardens to the hospital , but it started raining when we were halfway through the park . 
 really raining , like a tropical downpour . 
 we went slowly , one of us on each side of her . 
 if indigo had hit her , ani was n't bearing a grudge . 
 she let indigo support her , was even holding tight to her arm . 
 or maybe she was just too stunned to know what was going on . 
 ` i 'm so , so sorry , ' indigo had said , a few times , as we crossed the park . 
 but when we passed the pond she just went very quiet and had been silent ever since . 
 i knew about the pond of course , what had happened with the child there . 
 but it did n't seem the time to say anything -lrb- and what could i say anyway ? -rrb- . 
 if you 've never been to the emergency room on new year 's eve -- my advice is , just do n't go . 
 we thought we might have to make up some story but the place was full of people with head wounds . 
 every so often a ` code green ' would go off -- which basically meant someone had gone nuts and needed restraining . 
 we sat there waiting for quite a while . 
 indigo had her face in her hands and her head kind of resting back against the wall . 
 i knew from experience this either meant she was crying -lrb- rare and hence alarming -rrb- or that she was thinking really , really hard . 
 the fluoro light was shining on her throat and i was remembering when i first met her . 
 there was still a scar there if you looked closely . 
 i could see it now , under the harsh light . 
 not neat , hollywood punctures , but a whole row of savage half-moon teeth marks , top and bottom . 
 they had been so rude to us that night , the emergency room staff . 
 and i only realised in retrospect they must have thought it was some weird consensual thing that got out of hand . 
 in which case they really should have reported me , instead of just glaring prudishly at me from behind the desk . 
 she had healed really fast though . 
 within a few weeks you could barely see anything . 
 you only really noticed it now if you looked for it . 
 that was something i noted pretty carefully . 
 healed much faster than a normal wound . 
 ` she does n't need stitches . 
 but it 's a pretty nasty hit , ' said the nurse , briskly . 
 ` they might want to do an mri . 
 do you think you could watch her for concussion while you wait ? ' 
 he handed indigo a little sheet with hasty , handwritten notes on it . 
 i 'm not sure strangers were meant to hang around assessing the patients , but they seemed a little desperate . 
 indigo was looking at the sheet of paper as if it was written in ancient greek . 
 i took it from her and read down the list . 
 unevenly dilated pupils . 
 was i meant to just sit and stare into her eyes for the next half hour ? 
 i gave it back to indigo . 
 we waited outside the door when ani went in for the mri . 
 indigo still had the list clutched in her hand . 
 hours had passed by that stage , but we were still damp from the rain . 
 indigo 's dark hair was hanging stringily by her cheeks , and she looked like a half-drowned escapee from a garden party . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 i asked . 
 it was the first time we 'd really been alone . 
 ` we went in the front room , ' said indigo . 
 ` and someone was there , ' she said it so quietly i had to lean in to hear . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` ani wanted to go in . 
 i followed her . 
 and there was someone else . ' 
 i could n't hide the look on my face , but she was staring at the floor . 
 ` as soon as we got into the room they grabbed my ankle and i fell over . 
 i took a plank and i got up and i just swung really hard . 
 it was stupid of me -- kind of a panic reaction . 
 it 's all a mess after that . 
 i realised i 'd hit ani . ' 
 ` ani grabbed your ankle ? ' 
 she looked strained . 
 ` no , she was standing right in front of me ... ' a nurse appeared and indigo shut up . 
 he stood in front of us , looking compassionate . 
 i was so drowsy by this time , i could n't honestly tell if we 'd seen him before . 
 he looked about my age and i had this feeling that i was n't ready to totally trust someone in their twenties with life and death situations . 
 which says something for my own self-confidence i guess . 
 i tried to look alert . 
 ` i probably should n't tell you this yet , but the doctor 's had a look and the mri seems fine . ' 
 ` oh thank god , ' muttered indigo . 
 ` i thought i 'd brained her . ' 
 he seemed to hesitate . 
 i was a bit unclear whether er nurses were bound to secrecy on assaults , or whether we might end our night writing out statements for the police . 
 ` piñata , ' i said , just in case . 
 ` a piñata accident . ' 
 indigo actually laughed , but somehow it seemed to be the right thing to say . 
 ` those things should be banned . ' 
 he was shaking his head . 
 ` the amount of accidents they cause is absolutely unbelievable . 
 we 'll just keep her here for a few hours . 
 i 'll write down what you need to look for when you take her home . 
 just bring her back in if there are any problems . ' 
 he looked at us , somewhat pityingly . 
 ` are n't you a bit old for piñatas ? ' 
 ` what are you ? 
 my mum ? ' 
 asked indigo , glaring at him . 
 ` it 's been a long night , ' i said , quickly . 
 luckily he was smiling -lrb- though i guess if i 'd talked to him like that , he would have kicked me out -rrb- . 
 ` tell me about it , ' he said , widening his eyes in mock horror . 
 ` and there 's more to come . ' 
 ani finally reappeared , looking blotchy-faced , her shimmery dress clutched in her hand , replaced by a blue hospital gown from which her legs stuck out like a gangly deer 's . 
 ` i think i need to be sick , ' she whispered . 
 the nurse disappeared promptly and reappeared with a totally inadequate looking pan . 
 ani sat down and clutched at it . 
 they 'd cleaned away the blood and it was n't that bad . 
 cuts on your head always look ten times worse than they are . 
 mostly it was just a pretty bad bruise . 
 you could see it quite clearly through her pale hair , a red/purple stain under the harsh lights . 
 you could n't hide anything under hospital lights . 
 ` i am so , so sorry , ' said indigo . 
 we did eventually get ani home , though it was at that grey , predawn time when you feel at your most tired , before the buzz of a new day has kicked in to prop you up . 
 we did n't say much as we crossed the park . 
 lorikeets were already whistling and squawking and revelers were trailing by , the girls looking cold and miserable and carrying their shoes . 
 i guessed we did n't look much better . 
 ani was walking delicately ahead of us , her dress shimmering in the half light , her head swathed in a too-white bandage . 
 indigo and i walked close together , too tired to speak . 
 she had her arms wrapped around herself for warmth . 
 we were so tired we just filed slowly up the stairs and into our respective rooms without saying a word . 
 ani stayed in bed for most of the next day . 
 all of us did , though every few hours indigo would go in to check on her . 
 i 'd hear her coming up the stairs , see her tip-toeing past the kitchen door . 
 then i 'd hear the sound of their murmuring voices . 
 she 'd pass again , looking towards me but apparently not seeing that my eyes were open . 
 it might sound callous , but considering how much worry indigo gave me generally , it was a relief to know she could wield a plank with such good effect . 
 if only everything could be despatched so easily . 
 it must have been around four in the afternoon when i finally went in to see ani . 
 i 'd been putting it off , but i knew i had to do it . 
 it really was a beautiful room -- the two tall windows big enough for you to step out of -- right onto the balcony . 
 a huge tree stroked right up against the building and turned all the inside light green . 
 i 'd never really understood why indigo did n't take that room but she said she did n't like having windows onto the street . 
 ani 's bed was just a thin mattress on the floor . 
 she was curled up tightly , her eyes watching from over the sheets . 
 ` i 've been waiting for you to come in , ' she whispered . 
 i did n't know what to say to this . 
 ` how are you ? ' 
 ` my dress has a little pocket , ' she said , looking behind me . 
 i looked around and saw the dress hanging from the back of her chair . 
 i went and caught hold of it and it slithered off the chair with a kind of sibilant rustle of beads . 
 i felt something out of place straight away . 
 it was an envelope , tucked away inside the silk . 
 there was no address on the front , just indigo 's name . 
 i turned it over and kind of froze when i saw the sender 's name . 
 ani pushed herself up on her elbow . 
 ` i did n't want to give it to her at the hospital , it 's going to be a big shock . ' 
 ` where did you get this ? ' 
 ` i guess it was downstairs by the door . ' 
 ` you guess ? 
 she needs to see this . ' 
 ` yes , but not from me . 
 she does n't trust me right now . ' 
 i knew a polite lie was required , but i did n't say it with much heart . 
 ` no , she likes you . ' 
 ` it 's actually better if she does n't because ... ' it seemed she did n't know how to say it . 
 she shifted her long limbs under the sheets uncomfortably . 
 i tried not to stare . 
 ` you see ... i 'm not always me . ' 
 ` not always you ? ' 
 but i was already getting a cold sensation of possibility . 
 ` well , i do n't remember much after the last time we spoke . 
 you know , just before i left last night . 
 i know i said i was going to a party , but i was n't . 
 so it had already begun . 
 i was already lying for her . ' 
 ` well , you 've been concussed . 
 it 's not surprising you might have trouble remembering what happened ... ' lying for who ? 
 i was thinking . 
 she was n't listening to me . 
 ` i do remember being in the front room . 
 but nothing before . 
 it was really black in there . 
 i heard someone call out and fall , and then a moment later there was this like ... pain explosion at the back of my head . 
 but before that ... ' she had a kind of vague , sweet smile on her face , and was shaking her head as if sharing some insignificant little foible . 
 ` well , you know , sometimes i 'm just not myself at all . ' 
 ` i see . ' 
 ` give her the letter . 
 it 's better if you do it , dylan . ' 
 i always got kind of a shock when she said my name . 
 like a pleasant little electric shock . 
 but i was not a complete push over . 
 ` you should have given it to her right away , ' i said . 
 she did n't say anything , just looked at me . 
 i put the dress back on the chair , glad to be rid of its cool weight . 
 then i left , feeling her eyes on my back the whole time . 
 saturday , january 2 well , i let a whole night pass without giving indigo that letter . 
 we were sitting in a café on sydney road the next morning and i was pretty much out of ways to procrastinate about it . 
 indigo said she wanted to talk without ani . 
 so this was clearly my moment . 
 she was steadily eating honey-soaked baklava , one after another . 
 ` comfort eating ' , she called it , quite happily . 
 ` you know , if they did n't do the mri i 'd think she 'd got some sort of brain damage , ' she said . 
 ` she looks totally stunned . 
 she ca n't seem to speak to me properly . ' 
 ` you 're lucky she 's not in a coma . 
 how hard did you hit her ? ' 
 she was watching a tattoed man with his arm in a cast , floating by -lrb- i guess he was on a skateboard -rrb- and she did n't really seem to hear me . 
 ` she was so strange down there , dylan . 
 like someone else . ' 
 i shut up for a bit because i was trying to think of how to tell her about the whole medium thing , without seeming like i 'd been lying about it . 
 it was just that it had never come up -lrb- though how could it , if she had no idea ? -rrb- 
 and i was n't really sure i had permission to tell -lrb- but was n't i on indigo 's side first and foremost ? -rrb- . 
 i was pretty confident that now was the time to tell her though -- with ani 's voice still echoing in my head -- sometimes i 'm just not myself . 
 i was trying not to analyse it too much , but i did n't like the sound of it at all . 
 there was no point beating around the bush . 
 ` she 's some kind of medium . ' 
 indigo looked at me and i could n't tell if she was taking a while to process it , or just furious that i had n't told her sooner . 
 ` well regardless , ' she said , and i still could n't tell . 
 ` she was n't the one that grabbed me . 
 she was just in the way when i swung . ' 
 we sat in silence for a while . 
 ` i know that 's what you think , but you ca n't know for sure . ' 
 she shrugged and neatly licked the honey off her fingertips in a way that told me , yes , she was angry . 
 ` i do know it . 
 the problem is you do n't believe it . ' 
 ` it was the follower ? ' 
 she shook her head decisively . 
 ` no . 
 it was n't a man . ' 
 ` the follower is n't a man . ' 
 she ignored this . 
 ` it was definitely a woman . ' 
 ` how could you know that ? ' 
 she gave me really quite a dark look . 
 ` so you believe in mediums but not intuition ? ' 
 there was no point arguing about it . 
 it seemed to be moving into some sort of weird jealousy territory . 
 i could n't bear those relationship games . 
 ` that 's right , indigo . 
 i only believe ani now . ' 
 she managed to smile . 
 ` but you should know , ani was the one who found you . 
 if it was n't for her you might still be down there . ' 
 she looked thoughtful at this news and i was only half regretful that i had to give up my role as rescuing hero . 
 then again , there 's nothing worse than getting credit where you do n't deserve it . 
 i took the envelope out of my pocket , but held onto it for a moment . 
 ` she gave me this letter . 
 she thinks she found it downstairs . 
 but she kept it , because she thought ... it was n't the right time . ' 
 indigo 's eyes were locked onto the letter . 
 maybe you do n't know this about indigo , but she has kind of hazel eyes . 
 sometimes they look brown and sometimes almost green . 
 i 'm never sure if it 's her surroundings or the mood she 's in that changes them . 
 they were looking kind of green now . 
 she was sipping on her coffee but her eyes had n't left my hand . 
 ` it 's for you . ' 
 i handed her the envelope with her name showing on the top . 
 i could n't bring myself to turn it over . 
 she took it , looking at me -- and i had a feeling i was doing something horrible to her . 
 ` she thinks she found it ? 
 who 's it from ? ' 
 she asked , with a kind of suspense in her voice . 
 i did n't say anything and she opened it without looking at the sender address . 
 i guess she already knew who it was by my face . 
 she read the letter . 
 she put it down , smoothed it out with her fingers . 
 she seemed to hesitate , then pushed it towards me . 
 i took it very carefully . 
 it must have been sitting near the front door for a long time . 
 it felt kind of stiff and fragile . 
 the writing was large and looping and had become all cramped up towards the end as if the writer had written more than they at first meant to . 
 dear indigo , i hope you do n't mind me writing to you . 
 it 's been so long since it all happened . 
 i 've joined a church and they 're helping me to see that forgiveness is the only way i 'll ever be truly happy . 
 you remember jason . 
 my lovely boy . 
 well , you should know that in a way he was n't really mine . 
 i adopted him when he was eight months . 
 he was only with us a year . 
 you ca n't understand how long a year is until you have a kid . 
 they would n't tell us anything at the time . 
 except that they did n't know who the mother was . 
 so he was abandoned . 
 i just wanted to say sorry for the things i said to you . 
 i still do n't know what happened , but i know in my heart you were n't to blame . 
 the truth was i never really felt he was mine . 
 it 's as if god decided to give him to us just for a short time and then take him away . 
 just so i 'd know how precious he was . 
 i thought it was the hardest time of my life -- all that work looking after him -- but it turned out to be the best . 
 i hope you can forgive me for blaming you so long . 
 grace . 
 it seemed like we could n't look at each other . 
 ` why do n't you come and stay with me for a while ? ' 
 i said . 
 she 'd taken back the letter and was folding it up into a very small square and pushing it into her purse , although it did n't quite fit . 
 ` i want to be home . 
 it 's my house -- why should i have to move ? ' 
 it was clear she did n't want to talk about the letter yet . 
 there was a red flush in her cheeks and her eyes were shining . 
 the house suddenly seemed like a neutral topic . 
 ` it might be dangerous for you to stay there . 
 for any of us . 
 we 've always known there was something about the house . 
 and now i 've been downstairs . 
 it 's pretty clear that it 's haunted . ' 
 her eyes were really luminous now and i was starting to worry that she might cry . 
 ` well , i guess we 'll find out if that 's really true , ' she said . 
 ` it certainly does n't take a medium to know there 's something weird going on downstairs . 
 she held my gaze as if she was about to jump up and fight me . 
 ` i want another look . ' 
 she seemed to get energy from making crazy decisions . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i smiled . 
 she was kind of charming when she was reckless . 
 she did n't smile back but took a little sip of coffee . 
 ` so what 's next then ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` i 'm thinking a séance with ani , and then you and i have a proper look downstairs , with lights . ' 
 she 'd managed to undo my smile , but i tried to speak lightly . 
 ` low profile then ? ' 
 she laughed , but there was a dark edge to it . 
 ` i 've had enough of sitting upstairs , waiting for something to happen . ' 
 she looked at the edge of the letter , sticking out of her purse . 
 ` i 'd forgotten he was called jason , ' she said , her voice changing quite suddenly . 
 ` he 'd be going to school now . ' 
 ` it was n't your fault , ' i said . 
 i think she chose not to hear me . 
 ` dylan , would you do me a favour ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` would you ask ani if she 'll help us with the séance ? ' 
 long silence . 
 the séance was a terrible idea . 
 and , on top of that , i seemed to be becoming some sort of messenger between them . 
 i could see us all over dinner in a few days ' time , sitcom style -- dylan , would you ask ani to pass the salt ? 
 dylan , would you tell indigo it 's right in front of her ? 
 indigo was n't looking at me , but was using her nail to push the edge of the letter deeper and deeper into the purse . 
 ` okay , ' i said . 
 ` i 'll ask her . ' 
 sunday , january 3 i found ani in the kitchen sipping tea . 
 i was n't going to bother making small talk -- it did n't really seem to be her way . 
 ` we need to find out what 's going on in the house . 
 indigo says something grabbed her downstairs . ' 
 ani looked at me . 
 i was waiting for her to say who or what she thought it was . 
 but she just nodded and blew on her tea . 
 ` well , you 've got to face that stuff you know , ' she said . 
 ` it just gets bigger when you do n't face it . ' 
 she sipped her tea philosophically . 
 ` i mean sometimes you have to like face death and all that before you can really know who you are . ' 
 i waited to see if she 'd run out of clichés . 
 i was starting to wonder if it was all just an act with her -- because who really talks that way ? 
 ` well , i 'm kind of hoping death is n't on the cards , ' i said . 
 the cliché thing was catching . 
 she fixed me with her big blue eyes . 
 ` all we can do is wait and see . ' 
 ` indigo wants to do a séance . ' 
 there was a tiny pause . 
 then she shrugged . 
 ` sure -- if she feels it 's right . ' 
 i knew that the idea of the séance was wrong , wrong , wrong . 
 there was a lot i wanted to specifically point out , but i confined myself to noting it down in my light blue book that afternoon -lrb- light blue was for ` spiritualism and miscellaneous ' -rrb- . 
 first , we are all in a state of heightened suggestibility , given the events of the past few months -lrb- and as far as i can tell , ani is constantly in a state of heightened suggestibility anyway -rrb- . 
 second , given this collective frame of mind we are likely to achieve an altered state of consciousness . 
 third , achieving an altered state of consciousness is in no way conducive to a successful séance and is likely to lead to personal ideas leaking into the exchange -lrb- like some sort of uncontained , collective stream of consciousness spelt out via ouija board -- fascinating , maybe , but not at all useful in terms of the matter at hand -rrb- . 
 on the other hand , i most definitely do not want to have a successful séance for the following reasons : 1 . 
 spirits are unreliable and frequently incoherent . 
 2 . 
 the dumbest teenage dabbler knows the theory that opening a board risks creating a locus for unfortunate supernatural events in the future -lrb- although i 'm starting to suspect that indigo is in herself already a locus for unfortunate supernatural events -rrb- . 
 3 . 
 for various reasons i do n't want to record right now , i believe that séances are immoral , reckless and just plain wrong . 
 what i did n't write was why i 'd agreed . 
 basically , i was at a loss . 
 the sorts of things that were happening to indigo were completely out of the ordinary . 
 the way we 'd found her after the follower took her . 
 the hand on her ankle , strong enough to pull her down . 
 sure , in horror films maybe . 
 but in real life that stuff was off the charts . 
 i 'd thought of asking ani if she could help , but realised that was out of the question . 
 please ani , go into a trance . 
 see what you can randomly pick up . 
 we 'll watch your back . 
 maybe we 'll get really lucky and you 'll be possessed by a malevolent spirit . 
 as it was it seemed safer to let the board be the medium . 
 mostly i was trying to convince myself that because indigo had come back through the most irrational means , perhaps it was through irrational means that we would bring it all to an end . 
 evening arrived much too soon . 
 we were in ani 's room . 
 it had been a junk room since indigo had moved in -lrb- she called it ` the study ' -rrb- but it had always been the nicest space . 
 now it was ani 's , it looked strangely bare , except for her mattress on the floor , a rack of clothes and a dresser covered in scarves , jewellery and mysterious little phials . 
 the air smelt of ani in more concentrated form -- vanilla perfume and something indistinct but pleasant that i noticed whenever she passed too close on the stairs . 
 we 'd been caught kind of off guard and did n't even have a proper board , if there was such a thing . 
 a parker 's game board for example . 
 ani turned a round drinks tray upside down , then carefully wrote out the alphabet on a piece of paper and tore it into separate letters . 
 then she wrote ` yes ' and ` no ' and placed them at opposite sides of the board . 
 she looked like a twelve-year-old , with her hair actually in pigtails tonight and her tongue just about poking out with concentration . 
 but her girlishness hid something dark and not at all appealing . 
 that she could become ` not herself ' at any moment . 
 and when she was not herself , she could lie about it . 
 it was dawning at me that whoever she 'd been -lrb- if that 's really what she was suggesting -rrb- it had been aware enough to pretend to be ani . 
 to tell us it had a new year 's party to go to . 
 to lure indigo downstairs . 
 to take her to the source . 
 whatever that meant . 
 i tried to bury my thoughts as she placed the letters neatly around the outside of the board . 
 and i suddenly realised i had n't spelt this all out for indigo -lrb- secrecy can become such a strong habit you no longer notice when you 're doing it -rrb- . 
 but indigo was smart and open-minded . 
 and she had said that ani had n't seemed herself . 
 but it was just an empty phrase . 
 i was n't sure if she 'd thought of the literal possibility that something else had been in ani 's body . 
 indigo put a glass coffee cup , the kind you 'd use for caffe lattes , turned upside down on the tray . 
 she gave me a look to show she was noticing me staring at her . 
 ` if there 's one thing i know about vengeful ghosts , it 's that it 's always better not to pay attention to them , ' i observed . 
 i could n't help it . 
 maybe it was just to assuage my guilt -- if something did go wrong . 
 a supernatural disclaimer . 
 indigo was ready for this . 
 ` but i thought you were meant to find out what they need , so they can move on ? ' 
 ` spoken like a person who 's picked up her knowledge from the collected works of dickens . ' 
 ` tv actually , ' she said . 
 it was impossible to intimidate indigo with scorn . 
 i always liked that about her . 
 ani lit some candles and switched off the light . 
 she had n't said a word since she 'd started cutting up the letters . 
 the windows were open , curtains billowing inward then sucking outward . 
 the candles guttered pretty fiercely in the breeze , on the verge of ominously winking out at any moment . 
 well , that would add to the suggestibility , i supposed , with the growing sense that we were poised on the edge of disaster . 
 we sat down around the board . 
 ani closed her eyes and intoned slowly , ` we are protected by white light . 
 anything that might wish to harm us will be burnt up in light . ' 
 i looked over at indigo and had the terrible feeling she was about to laugh -- that it was just going to come snorting out in the most ridiculous way possible . 
 instead she bit her lip and looked very solemn . 
 ` let 's begin , ' said ani , opening her eyes and looking right at me . 
 i was struck by the kind of power she had by being totally without irony . 
 or maybe it was just that she was beautiful and she startled me a little whenever we locked eyes . 
 we reached forward at the same moment to place a fingertip on the glass . 
 ` left hand or right hand ? ' 
 indigo asked . 
 ani looked at her a little pityingly . 
 ` really , there 's so much energy in this place , we barely need any of this stuff . ' 
 despite her claim , we sat there for quite a long time , outstretched fingers just gently connecting with the glass . 
 i was starting to wonder when would be appropriate to break the mood and speak , -lrb- relief -- it has n't worked -rrb- but suddenly the glass jumped a little and slid a few centimeters off to the side . 
 we all kept our hands on it and waited . 
 slowly , dragging a little against the surface it began to move , round and round in lazy circles . 
 ` is anyone there ? ' 
 asked ani . 
 the glass was circling a little faster now , singing against the metal , like a finger drawn around a crystal rim . 
 it span briskly around the tray then slid to ` no ' and stopped . 
 ani frowned a little . 
 ` are you sure there 's nobody there ? ' 
 the glass did n't move . 
 ` i know you 're there , ' indigo interrupted . 
 ` and i really need to talk to you . ' 
 we waited . 
 there was a humming feeling under my fingertips , i assumed the others could feel it too . 
 it was like holding a moth enclosed in your hand , the million barely felt beats of its wings . 
 either something real was happening or suggestibility was kicking in . 
 slowly the glass shifted across to the right , then the left , making little angles across the tray . 
 clearly we 'd all done this before so we skipped the bit where everyone says -- are you doing that ? 
 no , it must be you ! 
 i was trying to write down the letters now -- i , l , i , l , i , l , but then it was darting everywhere and the hum was becoming a kind of whine . 
 ` please stop that , ' said ani , and something in the plaintiveness of her voice made me start to feel afraid . 
 ` who is this ? 
 lily ? ' 
 it just went faster and faster . 
 ` we should stop , ' i said . 
 ` this is pointless . ' 
 ` wait ! ' 
 said ani , but her voice was strained and different . 
 it felt then as if someone had grabbed the glass and shoved it right off the board . 
 we all snatched our hands back at once . 
 ` well , that was useless , ' said indigo , after a moment . 
 immediately , there was a heavy thud downstairs . 
 we sat there for a moment , registering the sound . 
 i looked at indigo and she looked at me and there was something almost comical about it , although my heart was thudding . 
 ` that 's bad , ' she said , with a nervous smile . 
 ` we should say a prayer , ' said ani . 
 ` i think it might be a little late for that , ' i said . 
 ` but we should close the board . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 indigo said , suddenly decisive . 
 ` keep it open ! ' 
 i was tired of telling her she was nuts , but i was just opening my mouth to do it once more when she sprang up and rushed from the room . 
 the candles flickered out in the draught , leaving ani and i in near darkness . 
 i could make out her head and shoulders against the dappled street light outside , but she did n't say anything . 
 ` yes , let 's split up and get picked off one by one , ' i said , loud enough for indigo to hear . 
 it was then i got the feeling . 
 a crawling up the backs of my arms and on either side of my spine , up to the top of my neck where it started to spread hotly across my skull . 
 ` go and stop her , ' said ani . 
 **** chapter 5 . 
 haunted sunday , january 3 indigo the way i saw it i had two problems , i was being followed by ... something and my house was haunted . 
 i had no idea what the connection was . 
 perhaps there was n't one at all . 
 i 'd always felt there was a kind of randomness to the world of the supernatural . 
 like a little bit of chaos was leaking into our world from somewhere else . 
 or maybe our relatively ordered lives were glitches in an otherwise random universe . 
 i had n't shared that thought with dylan . 
 he 'd call it cheap sci-fi philosophy -lrb- as opposed to serious sci-fi , which was apparently acceptable -rrb- . 
 i know he liked to think there was an answer to everything , if only we had the right information . 
 of course , i knew he thought a séance was absolutely the wrong thing to do . 
 it was pretty much the equivalent of going into the dodgiest , darkest place in town and yelling ` hey , everybody ! 
 i 'm over here ! ' 
 on the other hand , it seemed like i was already pretty much marked . 
 i knew , the moment i heard that sound downstairs , that i had to go down there and face it , whatever it might be . 
 that was the whole point of the séance anyway -- no more crawling suspense . 
 so i rushed out onto the upper landing , seeing the candles gutter out as i left . 
 i switched on the stair light , blinking against the glare . 
 nothing . 
 below was the blocked off stairs , beside me the blank kitchen doorway . 
 ani and dylan had come up behind me . 
 ` i do n't think it went right , ' said ani . 
 ` she did n't really know how to talk to us . ' 
 so , she knew it was a woman too . 
 ` i think we should go downstairs now , ' i said . 
 she did n't answer , just went past into the kitchen . 
 dylan looked unimpressed . 
 ` do n't you think that 's more of a daylight thing ? ' 
 ` i have this feeling we 've woken something up . ' 
 ` exactly . ' 
 ani hurried out with a bowl in her hands and passed into her room . 
 i could smell burning sage and see a little trail of smoke going out behind her -lrb- `` we are protected by white light ! 
 the house is protected by white light ! '' -rrb- . 
 dylan and i just looked at each another . 
 i already knew what he was going to say . 
 the gist of it , anyway . 
 ` i need to talk to it . ' 
 i tried to explain . 
 ` it 's hard to find this feeling in the daytime . ' 
 ` this feeling of dread and impending doom ? ' 
 ` if that 's what you want to call it . 
 we need to go down now . ' 
 i was walking down to the landing and he was following . 
 ` indi , you were pulled down by it . ' 
 he actually caught me by the shoulder and i stopped at the landing , right by the nailed up stairway . 
 ` it has a physical form . 
 do n't you see that you 're being provocative ? ' 
 ` well , i 've been provoked ! ' 
 i hissed back at him , surprised at the anger that prickled over my skin . 
 ` i 'm going down there and i 'm facing it . 
 i 'm not spending another night waiting to be taken . ' 
 i stood there pretty much vibrating with fury and -lrb- let 's face it -rrb- terror . 
 i can only describe it as an ambush . 
 i did n't have any time to react -lrb- spring back like an importuned cat -rrb- before he had his hands on either side of my head and had kissed me very gently on the mouth . 
 i smelt the lovely smell that made up his particular scent -lrb- i think it was something to do with book pages and too much coffee and just the warmth off his skin -rrb- and had the sense of being rushed backwards in time to when we had first met . 
 when he finally pulled back my lips were tingling . 
 ani had appeared in the doorway to her room , but he did n't look up at her . 
 ` please do n't go , ' he said , still too close for me to see his expression very clearly . 
 the combination of his hands and the kiss created what i can only describe as some sort of hospital strength sedative effect . 
 weak knees . 
 really , i 'm sure he was aware it was the action most likely to dissolve me into pliable mush . 
 ani was still standing there frozen at the top of the stairs , as if she did n't want to draw attention to herself by retreating . 
 i stepped away from him . 
 in fact it became necessary to draw back quite a distance in order to take a clear breath . 
 i only stopped because i came up rather hard against the wall . 
 but now i had some clarity . 
 ` i have to do something . ' 
 i said , in a pitiable little inward gasp . 
 i know what you 're thinking at this point . 
 oh , pull yourself together , indigo ! 
 what is wrong with you ? 
 okay , you may already be onto this fact , but let me just say that i was totally and utterly side-tracked . 
 should i be ashamed of that ? 
 well , clearly i felt ashamed or i would n't have to ask . 
 i felt utterly foolish and girlish . 
 but , really , if i 'd done the same to him -lrb- or if ani had , more to the point -rrb- i 'm pretty sure the result would have been the same . 
 side-tracked . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind -lrb- in a tiny region where rational thought still existed -rrb- i was aware that this was the whole point . 
 his idea of my emergency braking system . 
 ` do n't go downstairs , ' he said again , looking down at me now . 
 ` i 've never said this before , but i have a bad ... ' he hesitated , as if the phrase was distasteful . 
 ` a bad feeling . 
 let 's close the board together , ' he said . 
 ` maybe it 's just symbolic , but it seems like the right thing to do . ' 
 ` i wo n't go now , but it 's obvious we 'll have to go down there eventually . ' 
 he did n't answer . 
 let 's face it , he knew he had me snookered . 
 i could n't stop staring at him . 
 we closed the board . 
 but it was already too late . 
 monday , january 4 the first sign it was too late ? 
 we were all sitting at the kitchen table for breakfast . 
 it was a habit we had . 
 ani made porridge with honey -lrb- much too warming for summer -rrb- and we all sat around and dutifully ate it together . 
 for the sake of morale , i suppose . 
 only this morning was a little different . 
 it began with dylan saying -lrb- studiously nonchalant -rrb- ` i had the strangest dream last night . ' 
 we both put down our spoons and looked at him . 
 ` i was walking through the rooms downstairs . 
 it was really bright . 
 and under my feet i was crushing little bird skulls and wings . 
 every step . ' 
 ani looked as if she was reconsidering him somehow . 
 ` they were so fragile . 
 i did n't want to break them . ' 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged , not directly meeting my eye . 
 ` it was weird ' he said , with an almost smile . 
 i did n't want to share my dream . 
 it had started to filter through the moment he said ` dream ' . 
 i 'd been searching for the little boy in the park . 
 only this time it was n't his mother screaming at me . 
 it was the thin-faced one who 'd stolen him away , screeching right up in my face . 
 ` do n't take him away ! 
 he 's mine ! ' 
 ` what about you ? ' 
 dylan asked ani . 
 he would n't even look at me . 
 from which i understood he was deeply regretting the whole kiss thing . 
 ` i never dream , ' she said , going back to her porridge . 
 and although i was ready with ` everybody dreams ' , i looked at her beautiful face , her wide-set blue eyes , serene as an animal 's , and suddenly felt that it might just be true . 
 ani never dreamed . 
 it was another way she was special and different from the rest of us . 
 i took a gloomy spoonful of porridge . 
 i was really starting to regret the whole subletting thing . 
 dylan was still looking at her with interest . 
 ` you do n't remember ? ' 
 she did n't bother to answer , just stood up to make some more tea . 
 that was the thing about ani . 
 she seemed too friendly at first , but it was actually impossible to get to know her . 
 i did n't even want to ask her what she thought was going on in the house . 
 i probably should have . 
 maybe i was afraid of what she 'd say . 
 the second sign ? 
 it was the same day , in the evening , and i was in the bathroom . 
 i was looking in the mirror . 
 my hair was getting too long . 
 instead of the short , smooth helmet i wanted , it was coming down past my chin and starting to wave . 
 i was compensating by wearing make-up more often . 
 darkened brows . 
 even a little blush , because i was still too pale from the time downstairs . 
 the energy-saver bulb gave me just enough light to see by . 
 it was a kind of grey , indistinct light that always made me feel an answering flatness in my soul . 
 like it was draining the colour out of the whole world . 
 bathrooms are bad places . 
 if you see a bathroom in a film it 's likely that something bad 's going to happen . 
 even worse , a woman in a bathroom , naked . 
 the likelihood of her dying or having a near-death experience is astronomical . 
 i can only think it 's about vulnerability . 
 and maybe bodies of water . 
 water was dangerous , transforming , or something . 
 well , i was n't naked , but i was vulnerable . 
 another dream from last night . 
 it had been drifting up to the surface all day and it was finally free . 
 it started with dylan leaning down to kiss me . 
 we were standing on the landing and there was a very bright light , like sunlight , and i was warmly and joyfully melting from my legs up through my stomach . 
 but then it was black and it was n't dylan , but some other man -- too smotheringly close , stinking of aftershave covering up cigarette smoke -lrb- familiar smell -- from when ? -rrb- 
 and i was pushing at him with both hands , angry and scared , saying ` you got no right to shut me up ! ' 
 i would need more eyeshadow . 
 more beautiful eyes , because i was going to confront dylan . 
 do you think you can just kiss me out of the blue like that and pretend nothing 's happened ? 
 -lrb- yes , obviously , because that 's exactly what he 'd done -rrb- . 
 i opened the mirrored cabinet and found a smokey grey shade . 
 i closed the cabinet . 
 she was right behind my shoulder . 
 thin face and hazel eyes . 
 i froze . 
 constricted lungs , heart labouring . 
 i could n't move . 
 in that tiny room , there was really nowhere to move . 
 she had an ugly face . 
 oh , maybe it could be pretty if she had smiled . 
 she was young . 
 but her mouth was twisted down . 
 loathing on her face . 
 she was really there behind me . 
 solid and real . 
 the one that stole the child . 
 ` you worthless , worthless bitch , ' she said , and i was shocked to hear her voice so clear and strong . 
 ` you do n't deserve him . 
 you 're useless . 
 that 's why you need to be down here . 
 i 'm the only one who can stand you . 
 worthless , worthless , bitch . ' 
 she leaned in . 
 her breath stirred the hair at the back of my neck . 
 cold breath . 
 i span around . 
 nothing there . 
 exactly as i 'd expected . 
 but there was a creaking in the passageway outside . 
 now i could move i was all action . 
 i leapt forward and flung the door open . 
 ani sprang backwards . 
 i had the weird feeling she 'd been pressing up against the panels . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 i demanded . 
 ` i did n't know you were there . ' 
 she blinked and looked at me more closely . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 i went past her and ran up to the kitchen . 
 dylan was n't there . 
 ` dylan 's gone out . ' 
 her voice drifted from the bathroom . 
 ` indigo , are you okay ? ' 
 ` i 'm fine ! ' 
 i called , voice shaking . 
 not fine . 
 i stood , undecided . 
 i heard the bathroom door shut behind her . 
 it did n't take too much thought . 
 i was out of there . 
 the evening was coming down , but it was way too hot for a coat . 
 i just pulled on my boots , grabbed my keys and went . 
 i walked very fast towards dylan 's apartment . 
 it was on the other side of the university . 
 the last few weeks had been so hot that the leaves on the deciduous trees had died . 
 they lay underfoot in drifts , as if it were autumn . 
 not bright autumn colours , but dull brown . 
 i 'd always loved crunching through them , but out of season it seemed vaguely apocalyptic . 
 my whole life was starting to seem vaguely apocalyptic . 
 my body was tingling from the mirror incident . 
 and i kept seeing things from the corner of my eye . 
 not actual things . 
 imagined grey shapes slipping away at the edges . 
 twilight had arrived , which meant it must be about nine . 
 i felt followed . 
 i kept looking behind . 
 twilight seemed even worse than night -- like a fog in front of my eyes . 
 i knew to knock at least three times before dylan was likely to answer the door . 
 maybe i overdid it -- a flurry of loud knocks until he finally flung the door open , looking pretty angry . 
 ` she was in the mirror . 
 the woman . 
 it 's the follower , the other one , but she 's in the house . 
 it 's not a ghost at all . ' 
 i hurried past him . 
 ` you have to have something here that can help us ... ' i faltered as i reached the lounge room . 
 there was a chaos of books strewn across the table and even laid out on the floor in significant and ragged semi-circles . 
 i finally turned and looked at him . 
 ` hi , indigo , ' he said , a little coolly . 
 ` sorry , hi . ' 
 he sat down at the table . 
 ` in the mirror ? ' 
 ` yes , she called me a stupid bitch . ' 
 i felt kind of aggrieved , as if she were a real person . 
 he raised an eyebrow , but in a half-hearted way , as if nothing could really surprise him . 
 ` tell me what happened . ' 
 i sat down . 
 there was a very thick book open in front of me , a bookmark sitting sideways across it . 
 i read a fragment . 
 the fad felen , a disease spirit with golden eyes that followed them in the dark ... i shut the book . 
 he gave me a rueful look . 
 ` i ca n't seem to find a match . 
 i mean , something that really fits with it . 
 the follower . 
 so tell me . ' 
 ` do n't you want to write it down ? ' 
 he shrugged . 
 ` what would the point be ? 
 tell me though . ' 
 ironic , i who was always challenging him over his ` scribblings ' -lrb- at least in my mind -rrb- . 
 now i wanted him to write it down . 
 it would make me feel better . 
 it would seem like we were doing something constructive . 
 because if we could n't find a way to be free of them -- these followers -- we could at least be proper witnesses . 
 i described the woman in the mirror , what she 'd said , and then the dream . 
 the horrible man pressing against me -lrb- i left out dylan pressing against me -rrb- . 
 how i 'd yelled at him . 
 you got no right to shut me up ! 
 i thought he flinched a little when i described how afraid i 'd been -- of the aftershave smell . 
 it was like it was reminding him of something . 
 but , of course he did n't tell me what . 
 he took a while to say anything . 
 ` thoughts ? ' 
 i prompted . 
 he sighed . 
 i had a sudden fear he was disconnecting from it all . 
 giving up . 
 but i should have known better . 
 he was just thinking extra hard . 
 ` as far as the woman goes , there 's some connection to the house . 
 i still think she could be a ghost . 
 you said her breath was cold ? 
 in which case you should move out . 
 if you really want to protect yourself . ' 
 he gave me kind of a pointed look but i just waited . 
 ` sometimes there 's a particular person in the house that just stirs things up . 
 once they move everything settles down again . ' 
 ` you think i 've stirred things up ? ' 
 ` maybe ... ' he said , thoughtfully . 
 ` it may simply be that you disturbed something when you were taken down there . 
 under the stairs . ' 
 he did n't like to talk about it -- the time i 'd been gone . 
 i guess i 'd been relieved about that . 
 although i had the feeling it might help to tell him what i remembered . 
 the little fragments . 
 that it might be healthy for me , or something . 
 even if it could n't help with anything real . 
 i kept imagining telling him . 
 how i kept dreaming that my mouth was filling with sand . 
 that i did n't want to sleep anymore . 
 just in case . 
 surely it would feel better to tell someone ? 
 but he was lost in the possibilities and was n't even looking at me . 
 ` something that might not have surfaced otherwise , ' he said , quietly . 
 ` but i saw her before . 
 in the park . 
 we 're already connected somehow . ' 
 he shrugged , still not seeming to listen properly . 
 ` we could try to clear the house , but i do n't know how successful that would be . ' 
 i had an image of us pacing around with burning sage leaves , chanting . 
 ` so what are the other options ? ' 
 he scrunched his eyes shut and scratched at his head . 
 ` i suppose we can find out what she wants . ' 
 ` you do n't look enthusiastic . ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` despite what you might see on tv , it 's not generally a good option . 
 there is kind of a rule with this sort of thing . 
 the more attention you give , the more things get ... focused . ' 
 ` but that 's just what we need . 
 we need her to communicate . ' 
 ` focused is different from coherent . ' 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 ` tell me something . ' 
 he leaned forward . 
 ` when you saw her in the mirror , was she actually talking to you , or just looking in the mirror ? ' 
 i hesitated . 
 i suppose i 'd been so horrified i had n't thought about it , but i could n't actually remember her looking at me . 
 he nodded , slumping back and looking at the notebooks on the floor . 
 ` stuck in a loop , ' he said . 
 ` i 'm sure she 's a ghost . 
 you know they might not even be her words . 
 it might be something someone said to her . 
 something she ca n't let go of . ' 
 ` but she seemed so angry . 
 it was awful . ' 
 he leant forward across the table . 
 ` do you really want to give more focus to that ? ' 
 well , it was a fair question but i did n't see we had a choice . 
 unless we wanted to stay the victims of random paranormal disturbances forever . 
 i was certainly not going to move . 
 it was my house and i loved it . 
 i belonged there . 
 that 's what i kept telling myself . 
 i looked around the room . 
 ` it feels safe here . ' 
 ` you know you can stay . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 i stood up , avoiding his eye . 
 ` but there 's hardly room for two of us , and the idea of leaving ani there alone just gives me the creeps . ' 
 ` she gives you the creeps , or you 're worried for her ? ' 
 ` both . ' 
 he stood up too . 
 ` just wait a minute and i 'll walk back with you . ' 
 he went into his room . 
 i was deeply relieved at this , though i 'd been too proud to ask . 
 walking back alone through the darkening university campus did not appeal . 
 arriving in the dark lane and walking through my dark garden did not appeal either . 
 and getting into the house would be worst of all . 
 even if ani was there . 
 i considered asking him to move right into my room , but i was pretty sure he 'd take it the wrong way . 
 he came back and stood in front of me . 
 ` just humour me . ' 
 he slipped something over my head and i felt a cool chain around my neck . 
 i could n't help but laugh when i saw the little st christopher medal . 
 it felt reasonably heavy , like it might be silver . 
 ` i thought you were n't superstitious ? ' 
 he was unsmiling . 
 ` superstition is irrational . ' 
 i sobered up a little , because he looked so worn out . 
 ` am i traveling somewhere ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` i never know with you . ' 
 we walked through the university in silence . 
 i was pondering the unknowableness that was dylan . 
 just when i thought i knew everything about him -lrb- a stupid thing to think about anyone -rrb- , he would do something surprising . 
 i realised that i 'd never even asked if he was religious . 
 i certainly was n't going to now . 
 it seemed crass . 
 and although i did n't really believe in the medal , somehow i felt better now i was wearing it . 
 maybe just because he 'd given it too me . 
 it had already warmed to my body , so i kept reaching up to make sure it was still there . 
 i suppose it made sense , what he said . 
 if you knew something was true , you would n't call it superstition . 
 and i flattered myself for a moment that he had chosen to kiss me out of love . 
 it had n't come from nothing -- just a device to throw me off course . 
 i clutched at the idea for a moment that it was real . 
 that something new could happen that was n't entirely catastrophic . 
 i looped my arm through his and crunched through the leaves with a feeling that was becoming close to optimistic . 
 ` we 're going to work it all out , ' i said . 
 ` it will be okay . ' 
 ` just keep saying that , ' he said . 
 ` you might start to believe it . ' 
 but he did n't pull away . 
 ` we 're going to work it all out , ' i repeated and he finally smiled . 
 we walked for a while in silence . 
 back towards the house . 
 the woman in the mirror was starting to seem real again . 
 i did n't want to be there . 
 ` dylan , would you do me a favour ? ' 
 there was a noticeable pause . 
 ` sure . ' 
 ` would you take me out to dinner ? 
 i do n't want to go home yet . 
 and ... ' this was less glamorous . 
 ` i have no cash . ' 
 ` you really need to get a job . ' 
 ` you do n't have to tell me that . ' 
 ` where do you want to go ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , but i feel like walking . ' 
 we walked quite a long way , towards fitzroy , with the warm night coming down . 
 and i was starting to feel there was an actual world outside my claustrophobic house . 
 there were dogs tumbling together in the off-leash park and lorikeets shrieking and chattering in the palm trees on canning street . 
 by the time we reached the pub , i felt like even the air had changed . 
 the breeze was moving from the south . 
 to tell the truth , there seemed more and more oxygen the further we got from the house . 
 we ate a huge meal . 
 i even seemed to have a bigger appetite away from home . 
 i was too focused on eating to talk , but once we had finished , dylan took a pen from his pocket -lrb- he was the kind of person who always has a pen somewhere -rrb- . 
 ` so these are the stages of haunting ... ' he wrote very fast on his napkin . 
 it was clear he 'd thought about it quite a lot and i was sure he had a pretty lengthy dossier somewhere , of which i was getting the simplified -lrb- and probably censored -rrb- version . 
 1 . 
 dream interference . 
 sensations of heaviness , sadness or fear . 
 2 . 
 random energy . 
 quick glimpses . 
 noises . 
 tactile sensations . 
 things falling or being moved from their place . 
 i was reading upside down . 
 ` like a poltergeist , ' i observed . 
 ` no , not really , ' he said , without looking up or pausing in his writing . 
 3 . 
 re-enacting . 
 repetition of things done in life or repetition of a death scene . 
 -lrb- stuck in a loop -rrb- . 
 4 . 
 sentience -lrb- materialised or non-materialised -rrb- . 
 ` your ghost has pieces of the whole list , ' he observed . 
 ` although maybe not sentience . 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 you do n't really want sentience , ' he added . 
 ` you do n't want any kind of awareness . 
 not if she died violently . ' 
 ` why is that ? ' 
 ` because people who 've died violently are pretty much always malevolent as sentient ghosts . 
 it does n't matter how nice they were as people . 
 they just have so much fear and anger . ' 
 ` sentient ghosts ... ' i repeated , pausing for quite a large draught of my beer . 
 ` i do n't think she 's dangerous . 
 i think she 's stuck in a loop . 
 how would she become sentient ? ' 
 ` you already know that . 
 attention . ' 
 ` like a séance ? ' 
 i asked , meekly . 
 ` exactly like a séance . 
 or even just looking for her all the time , paying attention to every little sound that might be her . ' 
 ` it 's going to be hard to ignore her if she keeps appearing in mirrors and yelling like that . ' 
 ` and that 's why you should move out . ' 
 ` not going to happen . ' 
 he met my challenging look and i was the one who looked away . 
 because my not moving out stance was seeming more and more ridiculous every time i repeated it . 
 ` one more thing . 
 how will we know for sure when she becomes sentient ? ' 
 he smiled a kind of wry smile . 
 ` you 'll know . ' 
 ` but how ? ' 
 ` if she can talk to you , answer questions coherently , then she 's sentient . 
 but indigo ... do n't try to talk to her . ' 
 there was a silence in which i thought of ways i might get to talk to her and dylan -lrb- no doubt -rrb- wondered what he could say to more effectively stop me . 
 i took the napkin from him . 
 ` do you have a list like that for followers ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` yes . 
 but that 's before ... i knew more about them . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 he hesitated for a moment . 
 ` stalking , communication , disappearance . ' 
 ` you need to add return , ' i said . 
 ` now we know it 's possible . ' 
 ` i will , ' he answered , looking at me so solemnly that i found myself actually blushing a little and looking away . 
 ` you 're still going to go down there , are n't you ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` yes . ' 
 he sat back , looking deeply tired . 
 ` we 'll all go then . ' 
 dylan i already knew that she was n't mine . 
 so why did i kiss her ? 
 i could n't forgive myself for it . 
 i was cauterized by her pulling away . 
 burnt and sealed up straight away . 
 i knew i was too proud to try again . 
 so it would probably be forever -- this wordless ` no ' from her . 
 granted , i 'd already known . 
 but as long as i did n't ask , it would n't have to be said aloud and finalised . 
 it was just the impending loss of her that pushed me to it . 
 her hazel eyes and her hair and her skin -- it was all right there in front of me and about to be swallowed up in the uncertain dark underneath . 
 there was a feeling of calamity in the bare light of the stairwell -- the way it lit up every little crack and imperfection on the walls . 
 i knew that i was about to lose her again . 
 well , at least she was still listening to me . 
 and a postponement of catastrophe seemed better than nothing . 
 we all held hands to close the board . 
 ani and indigo 's fingers were vibrating . 
 i was no longer concerned about suggestibility . 
 it was all real . 
 all the doors were torn open inside us and everything was alive under our touch . 
 and maybe that was another reason for the kiss . 
 anything was possible -- just for a moment . 
 but now we had to shut it down . 
 you could n't live like that all the time . 
 it only took a few moments to close the board . 
 i thought ani should do it and was bracing for some long , flowery speech . 
 but all she said was ` thank you , lily . 
 goodbye . 
 the board is closed . ' 
 we stayed linked together for a moment . 
 nobody questioned the name . 
 her hand was too hot and buzzing and indigo 's too cold . 
 it might seem surprising but we had nothing to say after that . 
 we separated and went to our rooms . 
 i lay awake in the kitchen for a long time , listening to all the settling noises of the house . 
 i was trying to make the impossible distinction between architectural and supernatural noises . 
 it only got worse when i fell asleep . 
 i was walking through the rooms downstairs , crushing little bones under my feet , washed out in bright sunlight . 
 i stood in front of the door . 
 a feeling of dread was growing . 
 i opened the little space under the stairs and there they were , bright-lit . 
 indigo and her follower . 
 wrapped together tightly with his bland hands pushing and stretching at her dress . 
 eating her up with his hungry , blank , reptile eyes and saying indigo , indigo , indigo like a broken record . 
 and indigo not pushing him away at all , just gazing emptily at the ground . 
 i woke up feeling like i was literally going to be sick . 
 i was in the kitchen , on the too-short couch , and looking at that spot where she was taken . 
 only now ani was there , making breakfast , giving me a sideways look . 
 i decided not to tell them my whole dream at breakfast , i had the feeling it was too personal . 
 maybe i should have been focused on the ghost , but it was the follower that took me to my place after breakfast . 
 it was the dream of indigo , wrapped up so close to him . 
 i pulled every book off the shelf that seemed the least bit useful and soon i was surrounded by them . 
 i was looking for any kind of being that latched onto an individual , stalked them . 
 i searched for hours . 
 through dubious occult dictionaries , folklore and even victorian novels , then online -- at useful sites and stupid sites and pages of sleaze . 
 vampires , ghosts and incubi and demon lovers of all kinds . 
 but nothing was the right fit . 
 i was just left with a buzzy , spinning head and a hundred more possibilities , each more bizarre and lurid than the next . 
 and the whole time indigo was still looping in my head , backing away from the kiss with a look of shock . 
 i told myself -- just keep working . 
 let time pass and keep working . 
 it even seemed to help for a few hours . 
 until she turned up at my door . 
 and then it kind of hit me that i had nothing to show for a whole day of research . 
 and information was all that she needed from me . 
 even as she sat there , describing what had happened with the ghost in the mirror , only a part of me was afraid for her . 
 a part of me was picturing kissing the side of her mouth , pushing away the strands of hair stuck to her humid cheek , backing her into my room . 
 i was messed up . 
 it was lucky she 'd just had a terrifying supernatural encounter because it gave me a kind of privacy -- to be just as screwed up as i needed to be and not have to worry whether she would notice and suggest that we ` talk about it ' in that scouring way girls had . 
 only , her not mentioning it at all was probably just as painful . 
 we had a whole meal together and she did n't say anything about it . 
 if i so much as looked at her too long she would blush and look away , like she was just embarrassed about the whole thing . 
 so i went into information mode . 
 i gave her all the relevant ghost-related facts i could , which was not much . 
 i warned her , which was useless . 
 i sat and watched her ravenous eating and wondered if i would dwindle down to some sort of following ghost too . 
 i knew it was the worst possible time to come unstuck in this way . 
 she really was in danger and i needed to focus . 
 she was wearing a singlet and leaning forward to eat and the little st christopher medal was tapping against her collarbone . 
 ` so these are the stages of haunting ... ' i said and i started to write them down , partly to help her remember and partly to stop myself staring at her . 
 she read them very carefully . 
 i hoped i 'd frightened her a little . 
 but it would take more than that to make her back off . 
 in fact she would have to be pretty much paralysed with terror and that did not seem a safe way for her to be . 
 so i left out some salient points . 
 she 'd been grabbed and pulled down by this ghost , seen it for a long time -lrb- more than a few seconds was exceptional -rrb- , and felt it 's breath as it spoke -lrb- so it was n't simply an image -- it was becoming material -rrb- . 
 this same ghost had somehow gotten into ani 's head just to lure indigo downstairs . 
 so not only was it amazingly strong , it was also locked on to indigo . 
 i had heard of poltergeists attaching themselves , especially to troubled children or teens , and some had even theorised it was a person 's inner turmoil made material . 
 in these cases , it did n't matter where they moved -- they brought it with them . 
 this ghost -- ` lily ' ani called her -- was not a poltergeist anymore than the follower was , but i wondered if there was some link . 
 something in indigo . 
 because she was surely calling them . 
 and they were following . 
 another fear pulling at me -lrb- it was a very cold current , beneath the surface turmoil -rrb- was the idea that maybe the follower had once been a ghost -- made gradually material by its hunger , fed and shaped by people like indigo . 
 and if that was the case , could lily be in the process of changing ? 
 finding something in indigo that echoed her own hunger , or fed it . 
 and could this ghost become strong enough to take her too -- to make her disappear like the little child ? 
 it was humbling . 
 because i thought i was the special one -- the one that noticed and wanted her . 
 but now these things were flocking to her , fighting to take her with them to their own particular worlds . 
 i knew she would have to go down there again . 
 as much as i told her not to . 
 it was something to do with the house and it could n't be ignored . 
 i would have to go with her . 
 that was about the only thing that comforted me -- and it was not a great comfort . 
 ani would come too . 
 she seemed to have some kind of insight . 
 and her change might be the first sign of something wrong . 
 like a canary down a mine . 
 maybe it was wrong to think of her in such utilitarian terms , but i was n't sure what i would n't do to keep indigo safe . 
 spurned though i was . 
 we got back late from the pub . 
 i watched indigo go into her room , wondering if i should say something . 
 but her door clicked shut before i 'd even found the words . 
 indigo after such a good night with dylan you 'd think i 'd sleep well . 
 but as soon as i got back in my door it all came back . 
 the stifling feeling . 
 i slid shut the little lock in my room . 
 i got into bed . 
 covered myself with a sheet , put my earphones in and drenched myself in music . 
 but i could n't seem to lose myself . 
 i was eroding and i was trying to hide it , but it was getting higher and higher . 
 i knew i should say something to dylan about my fragments of memory . 
 if only to be reassured by how calmly he took it all . 
 but it was too complicated now -- by the kiss and the silence afterwards . 
 i imagined it anyway . 
 telling him everything , having him stroke my head and comfort me . 
 well , maybe it sounds silly , but sometimes it 's the simplest fantasies that are the sweetest . 
 i drifted into sleep , all wrapped up in his imaginary arms . 
 soon i was dreaming , clawing at my mouth and coughing out the dry dust and a hand was holding the back of my head and forcing in more and more . 
 i sat up in bed choking and coughing . 
 there was no dust . 
 no one else . 
 just me in my room . 
 my heart was pounding . 
 it felt like an enormous bird trapped in my ribcage , beating and scraping to get out . 
 i lay back down , trying to breathe . 
 there was a soft noise at the door , a little click , and it opened enough for a silhouette to appear . 
 i suppose someone had to notice all that coughing and spluttering . 
 ` dylan ... i keep having this dream . ' 
 i gasped . 
 i pressed my hands to my chest feeling my lungs heaving beneath them . 
 the door shut very quietly and i knew that it was n't dylan , but i just lay there . 
 i could see all the familiar dark shapes of my room . 
 and another shape . 
 i was n't even sure where it was . 
 just that it should n't be there . 
 i was paralysed , as if in a dream . 
 i breathed , the sharp pains still scraping at me . 
 but slowly they were easing , and a silence was falling . 
 more quiet than the usual night . 
 no sound of cars , or far-off voices or even the hum of the fridge . 
 as if i 'd lost my hearing completely . 
 there was a waiting feeling . 
 it wanted me to speak . 
 the sound of my own voice surprised me . 
 ` i ca n't bear it any more , ' i whispered . 
 ` please tell me what i should do . 
 the way to stop it all . ' 
 the fingers closing around my arm were very cool but i was n't afraid . 
 i still could n't really see it . 
 ` downstairs , ' it said , very softly . 
 and there was a growing grey light . 
 it was sitting on the edge of the bed . 
 sort of formal , only with a look of compassion on its face . 
 my follower . 
 ` will everything just disappear when you take me ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` everything , ' it said , soothingly . 
 ` everything . ' 
 i woke to soft light and a pair of wide eyes right in front of me . 
 ` it 's me , ' ani whispered . 
 i rubbed at my face and half sat up . 
 i saw the growing rectangle of light on the wall , wondering whether it was all a dream again and i 'd just continue waking up into different segments of it . 
 ` who were you talking to ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` i was dreaming , ' i said . 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 we were both whispering . 
 not that we were likely to wake dylan . 
 but the dawn had a hushed feel about it . 
 she looked out the window at the sky . 
 ` really , really early . ' 
 i lay back down and breathed deeply . 
 ` i know it was here . ' 
 she said , leaning in again . 
 ` you were talking to it . ' 
 i held my breath . 
 ` who ? ' 
 i was n't sure i wanted to tell her anything . 
 she sat back and stared at me . 
 ` you should n't ask to be taken , ' she said . 
 ` unless you actually mean it . ' 
 i sat up . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` you called it here , indigo . ' 
 there was a harsh look to her face . 
 ` it 's time to take responsibility for that . ' 
 she stood up and seemed very tall beside my bed . 
 she made as if to go , then suddenly turned back . 
 ` you know what bothers me the most ? ' 
 she waited , but i did n't say anything . 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 ` you 're not even that scared of it anymore . ' 
 she stalked out of the room and the door shut firmly behind her . 
 ani my lovely girl . 
 i keep wanting to write but you know i hate email . 
 we wo n't hear each other 's voices and it 's all wrong . 
 things are the same here . 
 they still do n't like me . 
 but i did n't come here to be anyone 's friend . 
 i know we said we 'd go away together -- and we will , but i had to be here . 
 when i saw that ad up for the house , i knew i had to come . 
 i was called . 
 i guess i say sorry every time i write -- but if you 'd only write back once , i could stop . 
 it 's all a big mess here . 
 i ca n't get a clear reading on anything . 
 it 's just like white noise . 
 please tell me what you think . 
 i do know that this thing , indigo 's follower , it 's not a ghost . 
 even dylan and indigo can see that . 
 maybe it was once . 
 who knows ? 
 it 's some sort of dark energy now . 
 i do n't know exactly what it is . 
 it looks like a man . 
 it was here this morning , just a few moments ago . 
 i was dreaming i left the front door unlocked and when i woke up , i knew it was here . 
 you 'll say it was stupid of me , but i went down to her room . 
 it was leaning right over the bed . 
 and she was speaking to it . 
 lying there , flat on her back . 
 talking away to it like they were the best of friends . 
 it went the moment i reached them . 
 but i do n't think it 's afraid of me . 
 i 'm really worried . 
 because it wants her downstairs . 
 i do n't know why . 
 but it said ` downstairs ' and the whole room really ... shimmered for a moment -- because its want was so big . 
 it wants her to see what 's down there . 
 wants her to know whatever bad thing happened there . 
 but i do n't think it really cares about lily at all . 
 it does n't make any sense to me . 
 i ca n't get much of a reading on it because it 's not a ghost or a person . 
 the only thing i know for sure is that it 's indigo 's slave . 
 she called it to her . 
 by mistake , but still . 
 if she just said ` no , i do n't want you here ' , and believed it , i really think it would vanish . 
 i do n't want to sound hard-hearted or anything , but tough as she seems she 's got a victim mentality , just like poor lily under the stairs . 
 and if she keeps calling , it 's going to take her and answer all her wishes . 
 only i 'm really starting to worry she 's just got one wish . 
 things are moving very fast . 
 so know that i 'm coming home soon . 
 whatever happens . 
 please write to me and tell me what you think . 
 i miss you and i 'm afraid . 
 xxxxx ani tuesday , january 5 indigo ` why so urgent ? 
 i thought you were going to wait ? ' 
 dylan was squinting against the orange dawn . 
 i shut the door behind us and we stood at the top of the spiral stairs , looking over the rooftops . 
 there was a kind of a tang in the air . 
 i guess it was smoke from controlled burn-offs in the leafy hills around melbourne . 
 though for all i knew we might be encircled by bushfires -- i had n't seen the news for days . 
 it was cool but the threat of heat was already there and the faint smoke turned the air a rosy colour . 
 ` third time lucky , ' i said . 
 i breathed deeply . 
 i was wired . 
 i 'd actually woken dylan by grabbing his shoulder and shaking him . 
 it would be better to go on my own . 
 i was the one who had to find out -- who had to go down there . 
 all of the messages were for me . 
 it would be the heroic thing to do . 
 but i must n't actually be a hero because i simply was n't brave enough to go on my own . 
 he yawned hugely . 
 ` are you sure about this ? 
 it just seems to make things worse . ' 
 ` i 'll be okay . 
 i 've got my st christopher medal . ' 
 ` do n't be cynical , ' he said , leading the way slowly down the stairs . 
 ` just so you know . 
 i do n't actually want to come with you . 
 but i know you 'll go anyway , so ... ' ` i appreciate it . 
 do you think ani heard us ? ' 
 ` i asked her to come but she 's tapping away online . 
 i did n't think she even knew how to open the laptop . ' 
 again i suppose he was making a joke , but he had a listless look about him . 
 we descended into the house 's cool shadow and went to the window . 
 i liked the look of it less and less . 
 but the morning felt like a good time to go in there . 
 a blackbird was singing a very pure series of notes above us . 
 ` i thought she might try to stop me . ' 
 dylan had pushed open the window and now hoisted me up onto the sill . 
 ` i 'm still not sure what the emergency is . ' 
 he still had his hand on my waist , but i pretended not to notice . 
 ` did something happen during the night ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i want to have a look around . ' 
 i ducked my head and lifted my legs over the sill -- to avoid having to lie to his face . 
 ` like you said , she 's connected to the house . 
 maybe we can find a way to let her ... you know , move on . ' 
 i could n't tell him the actual reason . 
 because it had told me to . 
 i had the feeling he would not approve . 
 we stood in the first room . 
 the daylight did n't make much difference . 
 there was nothing much to see . 
 it was all just ordinary junk , boxes , vinyl records and an old hat stand . 
 ` we should split up , ' i whispered . 
 ` why ? ' 
 he asked , not bothering to lower his voice . 
 ` we 're not vulnerable enough like this . ' 
 there was a silence . 
 i turned to find him looking at me with deep misgiving . 
 ` we need to communicate with whatever 's down there . 
 i do n't think it 's going to work in a big group . ' 
 ` maybe , ' he said . 
 ` but this ghost does n't seem particularly shy . ' 
 i was just gathering myself to argue the point when ani appeared at the window . 
 i braced myself for further disapproval , but she was n't even looking my way . 
 ` oh i have a good feeling all of a sudden , ' she said , landing gracefully amongst the shifting junk . 
 ` something really amazing 's going to happen today . ' 
 ` right , ' said dylan . 
 ` i have a great feeling too . ' 
 ani ignored him . 
 she walked straight past him and we followed her to the front room . 
 there were still boards strewn about the ground , some of them with jagged nails jutting out . 
 it occurred to me how lucky it was i 'd hit her with a nail-free one . 
 there was nothing particularly creepy about the front room . 
 it was really just another junk room . 
 boxes were piled up against the walls and blocked the fireplace . 
 dylan opened the shutters with a snap and a cloud of dust . 
 ` there was a body , ' said ani , circling and looking at the floor . 
 ` it all got eaten up . ' 
 dylan and i exchanged glances . 
 ` eaten by what ? ' 
 i asked , against my better judgment . 
 ani put her head to one side , as if thinking . 
 ` the sadness ate it all up . 
 and the darkness and then ... bugs and things . 
 and then he took it away . ' 
 ` you mean the woman i 've been seeing ? 
 her body was here ? ' 
 ani was rubbing circles into her arms , softly at first and then gradually harder and harder . 
 she started to inspect her forearms closely as if there was something crawling on her . 
 ` she 's not really here now , ' said dylan , watching her in fascination . 
 ` who do you suppose ` he ' is ? ' 
 i did n't answer because i did n't want to come to the obvious conclusion . 
 i was pretty sure it was just a rhetorical question anyway . 
 though i was on reasonably good terms with my landlord , i knew boarding shut half a house was not normal behaviour any more than charging a single tenant a hundred dollars a week for a carlton terrace that could have comfortably housed five or more students . 
 ani seemed not to notice us talking . 
 she was absorbed in scratching carefully at her hands now . 
 i thought about stopping her , but i was too nervous to go any closer . 
 dylan was giving her a wide berth , moving about the room , opening boxes . 
 ` clothes , ' he said , drawing out a long , tie-dye dress and studying it as if it could give him some clue about whoever used to wear it . 
 i took the opportunity to drift away from them , out into the passageway , and inevitably , to the door under the stairs . 
 i could see it more clearly now . 
 there was a bolt on the outside of it . 
 quite thick and heavy . 
 i reached forward and pushed . 
 i guess i felt compelled . 
 to see where i 'd been for so long . 
 or maybe to make contact once and for all . 
 ani had said something good was going to happen . 
 perhaps it meant i could speak to her properly , without her fearing me , or me fearing her . 
 i moved into the little space . 
 it was a dark box really , much too stuffy . 
 the idea that they 'd found me here was as unreal as ever . 
 my shoe scraped against something on the floor , but it was too dim to see . 
 i was prickling all over . 
 as if a thousand little tendrils were brushing the wrong way against every pore of my skin . 
 ` are you here ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` lily ? ' 
 there was just a moment of silence . 
 then the door slammed . 
 i threw myself back against the wall . 
 i waited in the blackness . 
 holding my breath . 
 it was n't necessary to ask again . 
 i felt her everywhere . 
 i waited , hearing the plaster drifting down , settling softly over my skin . 
 ` is that you ? ' 
 i whispered , just because the silence was finally too much . 
 my heart was banging but i was determined i would speak with her . 
 ` say something . ' 
 slightly louder now , speaking into blackness so heavy i might have been a hundred miles underground . 
 but my voice did n't sound good . 
 it came flatly back at me from the walls . 
 there was a heavy , strained feeling . 
 i did n't like it . 
 ` indigo ? ' 
 dylan 's voice -- seeming far off . 
 i moved towards the door , hands groping out , but something grabbed me . 
 hands around my throat -- real hands . 
 cold fingers pressing deeper and deeper . 
 i tore at them but could n't get a grip . 
 i was scratching at my own neck . 
 i gasped but could n't call out . 
 ` i 'm here ! 
 down here ! ' 
 she whined , right up against my ear . 
 ` ca n't you hear me ? ' 
 i made a muffled noise , kicked out against the wall . 
 the fingers only tightened . 
 i thrashed and bucked and suddenly was free . 
 i sucked all the air in that i could . 
 ` dylan ! ' 
 i shouted , ` she 's here ! ' 
 there was banging on the door . 
 dylan and ani 's voices . 
 ` unlock it ! ' 
 dylan was yelling . 
 he sounded so close . 
 but the door would n't move . 
 i felt all over its edges -- its hinges and handle . 
 ` there 's no lock here ! ' 
 i was rattling at the handle when the strangling hands grabbed at me again . 
 they were not pressing now -- just holding me firmly . 
 i froze . 
 hoping she might speak and even let me answer . 
 gradually i realised there was a noise , so low i could n't make it out . 
 a very low , forced voice , speaking words too quiet to hear . 
 not a woman 's . 
 almost a man 's but more like an animal 's . 
 the hands closed again , pressed deeper into my throat . 
 i let my knees give way , trying to drop down and break free . 
 but i was just hanging and choking and she was too powerful . 
 shut up . 
 shut up . 
 an enraged growling right up close . 
 with each syllable she jerked on my throat . 
 i ... told ... you ... to ... keep ... quiet ! 
 ` indigo ! ' 
 banging on the door again . 
 blood banging hard in my head . 
 the hands were n't pushing on my throat . 
 my throat was swelling . 
 pressure was expanding my head to bursting . 
 black blots bloomed everywhere . 
 my whole body was rigid . 
 i was thinking -- strangely calm -- i 'm actually dying and it 's all over . 
 i wo n't have to go with the follower . 
 i can be free this way . 
 softly , i lifted off the ground , the sounds receding . 
 or was i plummeting down ? 
 faster and faster , freer and freer . 
 it was all terribly clear in that inbetween space . 
 i could stand and watch myself . 
 not quite in my body . 
 just as i 'd been for all those days . 
 sand forced down my throat . 
 but it was n't sand , it was food . 
 something dry and old and near tasteless . 
 i was choking on water , but i was drinking it too . 
 i could feel the movement of my throat as i swallowed it , someone cradling my head . 
 i was drifting numbly through the rooms in the darkness , as if sleep walking , and a little , bony hand was guiding me , resting on my arm . 
 not him , my follower was long gone . 
 i almost remembered it . 
 he left when she came . 
 she was the one who had dressed me , fed me , supported me like an infant . 
 you got to keep moving . 
 you got to , or you die . 
 her voice right into my head . 
 i was so confused for a while . 
 i forgot . 
 forgot he had to eat . 
 forgot he had to keep moving . 
 my little one . 
 i did n't deserve him . 
 but now i have you . 
 and i 'll look after you forever . 
 there was a thud and a crack . 
 a burst of grey light . 
 ` leave her alone ! ' 
 shouted ani . 
 it was her voice that rocketed me back . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 i was in my body . 
 it hurt . 
 my back was pressed against something very hard . 
 i reached out my arms . 
 they scrabbled at blank walls -- or was it the floor ? 
 i could n't tell which way was up . 
 something hard and hollow shifted under my fingers . 
 it was ani 's voice , coming from above me , that made me realise i was lying down . 
 ` get her out ! ' 
 she sounded frightened . 
 i was lifted up . 
 in the weak light i could see ani and dylan holding me . 
 i stood there blinking at them , head and throat aching , trembling all over . 
 ` let 's go , ' said dylan , sounding angry . 
 ` this is n't helping at all . ' 
 ` wait . 
 there 's something down here . ' 
 i pushed him off , went down on my knees , searching outward with my hands . 
 ` here , ' i held it up . 
 a tiny bone . 
 i dropped it straight away . 
 ani pushed past me and reached down into the corner . 
 when she stood , i saw she was holding a small , delicate skull , both hands cupped around it -- as if it were a bird and might fly away . 
 ` oh god , ' said dylan . 
 ` oh , he 's a little boy ! ' 
 cried ani , as if startled . 
 ` oh , he 's so little ! ' 
 ` put it down , ' said dylan . 
 **** chapter 6 . 
 buried tuesday , january 5 dylan there 's usually some sort of recourse with a crime . 
 an action that is the accepted response . 
 it 's a custom , or the law , or maybe -lrb- worst case scenario -rrb- you 've seen it on some murder mystery tv show . 
 you have an idea what to do . 
 when you 're dealing with the supernatural that sort of stuff does n't exist . 
 not in any useful way . 
 indigo said , quite simply and calmly that she was sure lily was not a follower , but some sort of powerful ghost . 
 she looked at me . 
 ` really powerful ' , she repeated , her fingertips skipping over her collarbone . 
 that he had locked her up there under the stairs . 
 -lrb- she did n't say who ` he ' was , but it could only be indigo 's landlord -- a man who 'd always struck me as particularly likeable -rrb- . 
 that he had given away her baby . 
 -lrb- could she have had it here , in the house ? 
 its birth as secret and hidden as her death ? -rrb- . 
 and , as a ghost , she had somehow taken her child back . 
 her living child . 
 i was trying not to think about it too much , but indigo was relentless . 
 ` she did n't steal him . 
 she brought him back . 
 she just could n't remember how to look after him , ' she said , staring at the floor , as if seeing it all . 
 i looked at ani , who simply nodded . 
 we sat for a long time in silence . 
 but it was not the strangeness that held us there . 
 we were stuck . 
 how do you respectfully return the remains of a child who 's been killed by his dead mother ? 
 is it even a crime ? 
 the most obvious answer was to put them a place where they were sure to be found . 
 fine in theory , but when it comes to actually planning , it feels terribly wrong . 
 bones really belong in the earth . 
 finding them above ground is bad enough , knowingly leaving them above ground in a public place was much harder . 
 the worst thing was we had to go downstairs again , to bring them up . 
 because we 'd all left in a rush as soon as ani put down the little skull . 
 we burst out into the morning air -- indigo white and pretty near expressionless . 
 and then we 'd come straight upstairs , instead of going back . 
 i told them they did n't have to come down again , but they wanted to . 
 this time we had a powerful torch . 
 which only served to show us too much of what we did n't really want to see -- all the complicated sinews and strings of a real body -- not the bleached television version . 
 not supernatural . 
 just real and too detailed . 
 indigo and ani stood wordlessly behind me , arms and hands entwined , suddenly like sisters . 
 having the bones did n't help us to think much more clearly . 
 we sat around the kitchen table again . 
 only now with the box between us . 
 we talked about it for hours , until we were going round and round in circles and it was entirely dark outside . 
 but that does n't really express how it was . 
 i did n't ask indigo exactly what had happened under the stairs . 
 it did n't seem like the time , or maybe i did n't want to know . 
 she kept holding her hand to her throat and i could see scratches there , becoming raised welts and an angry redness all around her neck . 
 there were little red marks in the whites of her eyes too , but still she did n't say anything . 
 she and i are the same like that . 
 we have an instinct to cover over our injuries -- go away and hide like a wounded animal until they heal over and we do n't have to answer any questions . 
 suffice it to say -- the ghost was material now . 
 and strong . 
 but there was a slim chance we had freed it the moment we found the child . 
 ` i knew something good would happen today , ' ani said . 
 indigo and i could only look at her . 
 ` so what are we going to do ? ' 
 said indigo , at last . 
 she 'd asked many times , but we still had no answer . 
 she put her hands flat on the table . 
 ` if we handed in those bones , they would think it was me . 
 i do n't know what to do . ' 
 ` we could bury him in a cemetery , ' i said , for about the fourth time . 
 ` it 's consecrated there . ' 
 ` but then his mother will never know . 
 his living mother , i mean . 
 she still wo n't know what happened to him . ' 
 her hand was up at her throat again , toying with the st. christopher . 
 ` it must be so horrible for her . ' 
 ` it 's not your fault , indi , ' i said . 
 ` let 's bury him , ' she said , without seeming to hear me . 
 ` i can write grace a letter . ' 
 ` what will you say ? ' 
 asked ani . 
 ` that his real mother took him back , but she could n't look after him properly . 
 that she 's so terribly sorry . 
 that she buried him herself . 
 we 'll find a beautiful , distinctive tree . 
 so he can be found . ' 
 ` you 'll have to be very careful , ' i said -lrb- feeling pretty sure neither of his mothers would give a damn what sort of tree it was -rrb- . 
 ` they can do amazing things with forensics these days . 
 and once they 've found the note -- they 'll start looking for lily straight away . 
 they might even trace her to the house and come to you that way . ' 
 ` oh no , ' said ani , instantly . 
 ` no one ever knew she was here . 
 she ran away from her family to protect herself . 
 she was already pregnant . 
 lily was n't even her real name . ' 
 ` what was her real name ? ' 
 i asked , putting aside the several other questions i had in mind -lrb- for example -- how long have you known all this , and why did n't you tell us ? -rrb- . 
 ` sarah . 
 i think . 
 but she preferred lily . ' 
 she smiled at me , infuriatingly . 
 ` do n't be mad about it , dylan -- i 'm just saying it as it comes to me . ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 she turned to indigo . 
 ` but definitely do n't send a note . 
 they 'll find you . ' 
 ` it 's nice of you to worry about me . ' 
 indigo was talking kind of slowly . 
 there was something a little creepy about it , like she was tranquilised . 
 her eyes were not really focused . 
 ` but you ca n't really be sure what 's right , ani . 
 maybe if they catch me , i deserve it . 
 maybe i should just let the world decide . ' 
 ` you 're kind of shocked right now , ' said ani , blowing serenely on her tea . 
 ` i 'm not going to let you get caught , ' i added . 
 i did n't like indigo 's fatalistic tone . 
 it was n't like her . 
 ` no , ' said ani . 
 ` there 's still too much to be done . ' 
 the strange outcome was the three of us walking down a near-black road , dressed in clothes we 'd found downstairs , looking like some sort of feral family , carrying the remains of a little boy in a wooden box . 
 i was wearing a beanie -- kind of ridiculous on a summer night -- and ani and indigo layered in hippy dresses . 
 i suppose they were her clothes . 
 we 'd taken them from the front room . 
 i was n't sure what we should do with them afterwards . 
 burn them maybe . 
 ani and indigo had tight plaits and hats on -- desperate that they would n't let any of their own hair fall close to the little box . 
 or , rather , i was desperate and they did what i suggested . 
 neither of them seemed very engaged with that sort of thing . 
 neither of them wanted to take the box . 
 i carried it close to my chest feeling the scrape and shift of the hard , light objects inside . 
 i was n't horrified anymore . 
 just overwhelmed by the preciousness of what i was carrying . 
 wondering , was it possible that a woman could have such a hunger for her child that she could find a way to take shape again , just to carry him back to her ? 
 -lrb- if that was so , how had my living mother deposited me so lightly in another 's arms ? -rrb- . 
 but there were more pressing questions that i kept asking over and over : were we covering up the murder of two people ? 
 and which is more important -- that a guilty man is going free ? 
 or that indigo is released from the haunting and the ghost is perhaps unbound ? 
 i 've always believed in judgment and retribution . 
 i do n't believe in the concept of karma . 
 but i did n't think indigo could be kept safe if the police traced the child to the house . 
 if all the threads started to come together -lrb- not that all of them would be accepted , but indigo provided the perfect link -rrb- . 
 i was not going to let her be taken , even if she did n't seem to care anymore . 
 the cemetery was a small one , twenty minutes from the city . 
 i 'd managed to resurrect my old citroen , at least for the night and we had parked well away from the cemetery and were walking , ready at any moment to turn into a driveway at the sign of a car 's lights in the distance . 
 i suppose we were in a lot of danger . 
 we could n't really have explained ourselves if we were caught . 
 of course , the good thing about going to a cemetery at two a.m. on a wednesday is that there 's no one around to see you . 
 the bad thing is , that if someone does see you , they 're really going to take notice . 
 when we got there it was inky black and we had to move by starlight . 
 luckily , it was so clear and sharp-aired out there -- despite the smoke -- it really was possible to see by the stars . 
 we found a big grevillea . 
 i pulled its leaves through my hands a few times , trying to know if it was the right place . 
 i looked at ani and indigo , mostly just blacker shapes in the darkness . 
 i 'd forgotten how noisy it was out of the city -- the chirpings of insects and sudden crashings of small animals in the undergrowth . 
 i pushed up my sleeves . 
 indigo handed me the shovel . 
 i began to dig . 
 i 'm sorry but i do n't want to talk about the rest . 
 ani i 'm still not sure it 's that helpful for me to write everything down . 
 i have this way of going off-topic . 
 but if you consider that everything 's one then maybe nothing 's irrelevant ? 
 i know that dylan and indigo do it -- keep journals . 
 and after we buried the little one , dylan asked me if i could too . 
 for his history , or whatever it is . 
 so maybe he did n't even mean this sort of thing ? 
 personal reflections . 
 maybe he meant dates and times and paranormal descriptions . 
 well , i 'm often not even sure what day it is , let alone what time . 
 and as for ` paranormal ' stuff -- well i 've got more to say about the everyday things , i think , plus the line 's a bit blurry for me with what 's normal and what 's ` para ' . 
 but everything 's connected , is n't it ? 
 so i 'll just stop worrying about it . 
 i 'm going to forget everything that happened the day before -- all the bugs and bones and indigo coughing and choking under the stairs . 
 i 'm sure indigo and dylan have that down just fine . 
 so here we go . 
 the next morning we all slept in and i totally missed my shift at the café . 
 well , maybe i could have thrown some clothes on and got lucky with a quick tram to brunswick street -lrb- or just running like hell -rrb- , but there 'd only be twenty minutes left anyway . 
 i knew justin would n't fire me because he was completely in love with me . 
 he left me five messages , sure . 
 but they were all pretty nice . 
 i texted back -- sorry sick xx . 
 and i thought about the kisses for a moment . 
 but i ca n't always be good . 
 and if he was dumb enough to give his staff extra leeway because he fancied them , well , he was shooting himself in the foot . 
 once we 'd all crawled out of bed , dylan took us out for lunch -- at a swish place in the city -- with drinks and everything . 
 which was really nice . 
 of course , i did n't have anything because i was fasting , but i still appreciated it . 
 indigo had a big scarf around her neck because of the marks and there were still those dark spots in her eyes . 
 she had a weakness in her throat which was why she was always getting attacked there . 
 she probably got tonsillitis a lot too . 
 so no wonder lily chose her . 
 both of their throats had been hurt . 
 i 'd seen indigo 's old scar there , pretty faint so it must have happened years ago , but i did n't ask her whether it was a spirit or a man that had done it . 
 i knew it was n't a girl , i got that much . 
 it 's a bit confusing , trying to read people when they 're freaked out , or in love . 
 and she was freaked out -- poor thing -- not to mention that the air between her and dylan was constantly churned up like some sort of washing machine going full tilt . 
 it 's not unusual . 
 humans are always messy to read . 
 not like spirits . 
 spirits are pure and direct . 
 until they become material anyway . 
 things are always more complicated when you can touch them . 
 it 's the opposite of what most people think . 
 dylan was just as hard to read as indigo . 
 but there was a kind of dark image looping in his mind -- i got that . 
 and it was getting fed from something dark in his past . 
 i do n't like to pry . 
 he does n't pry either . 
 he did n't make a fuss about me not eating . 
 which most people would if they were treating you to a meal . 
 it was good , because if he 'd asked i would have just come out and said -- because i need to be pure for tonight . 
 they already thought i was a bit nuts . 
 i was n't kidding myself . 
 that would just clinch it . 
 so i went downstairs alone that night . 
 i was n't afraid , if you 're wondering . 
 are those guys you call up when there 's a snake in your garden afraid ? 
 just cautious really . 
 i went through all the rooms and cleaned them . 
 i called on the four directions . 
 east was a complete no-show . 
 which was not good . 
 but it would have to be good enough . 
 i spent a lot of time under the stairs . 
 there were very bad things there . 
 i cleared as much as i could . 
 i was n't sure if dylan would approve -- i had no idea whether he was that sort of christian . 
 i just knew he wore a little cross hidden under his shirt sometimes , and that indigo wore a st christopher medal that he 'd given her . 
 well , it was n't like i was calling on hekate or anything , -lrb- because who really knows what she actually is , anyway ?? -rrb- . 
 it was safer to keep things vague -- to call on white light and stuff . 
 i learnt that the hard way , a long time ago . 
 it took almost four hours . 
 i 'm really very careful with these things . 
 whenever i clear a house for anyone they always comment on how thorough i am . 
 did n't usually take four hours though . 
 and i was n't totally happy with the result . 
 i reckon i would need a whole coven for that -- and every member would have to be pure of heart -lrb- or as close as is humanly possible these days -rrb- . 
 it was especially hard to do it alone because i had n't had much sleep the last few nights . 
 it was n't just the spiritual stuff . 
 i was checking my email every hour . 
 forcing myself to actually wait an hour , partly for my mental wellbeing and partly because indigo 's computer lived in the kitchen and dylan gave me a look every time he noticed me at it . 
 just to let me know he realised that something was up . 
 it was none of his business , the fact that she was slowly grinding my heart under her boot . 
 just by doing absolutely nothing . 
 i already knew she was n't planning to send me an email , or text , or turn up on the doorstep ever again . 
 after about the third check that morning he said , ` ani ? ' 
 so i said ` yes ' and sent him a psychic , pre-emptive shut-the-fuck-up . 
 ` do you think she 's really gone ? ' 
 it took me a few seconds to work out he was n't talking about penny . 
 ` yep , i reckon . ' 
 ` what about him ? ' 
 ` the follower thing ? 
 oh yes , that 's still around . 
 you wo n't clear that in a hurry . ' 
 he was n't at all surprised . 
 ` what should we do ? ' 
 ` we ca n't do a thing . 
 just leave it to indigo . 
 why ca n't you stop thinking about it for five seconds ? 
 take a break . ' 
 it seemed he could n't figure out if i was joking or not . 
 he gave me a really long look , like he could see right into my brain if he only looked hard enough . 
 he had very grey eyes . 
 i have this system i call the 1-2-3 system . 
 it might sound dumb at first , but it works . 
 something you say is 1 . 
 the person hearing it and what it makes them think is 2 . 
 and 3 is what happens as a consequence of all that . 
 it might sound dumb , but let me tell you , before the 1-2-3 system i was always causing crazy things to happen . 
 like i probably would have said straight out to dylan -- look , if indigo just is n't that into you -lrb- and let 's face it , it does n't look good -rrb- , i ` d be really happy to sleep with you at least a couple of times -- no strings at all . 
 let 's start right now . 
 let 's just enjoy being alive for twenty minutes or so . 
 that 's an example of number 1 in the system . 
 and it would seem pretty okay , because he was miserable about indigo and i was dumped . 
 and he was deserving something nice in his life and so was i. and i just plain liked the look of him . 
 plus he had this kind of thousand-yard-stare thing going now and again , which made me feel like he was looking right through me and into the heart of something super important -- like disconnected from the real world but seeing something serious in the even realer world -- which is just how i feel a lot of the time . 
 and it gives me a little frisson every time he does it -lrb- which is french for shiver , by the way -rrb- . 
 but then , just as i 'm about to open my mouth and cheer him up -lrb- with me as consolation prize -- which has never failed to cheer anyone up in the past , let me tell you -rrb- , in comes the 2-3 part . 
 well , being so unhappy , he might say yes straight away -lrb- that 's the 2 -rrb- . 
 and i just could n't let that opportunity pass -lrb- who would ? -rrb- . 
 which leads to 3 . 
 he grabs me right that instant and we have possibly the best sex of all time right there in the kitchen . 
 sounds promising , right ? 
 but two problems . 
 it might turn out indigo actually does like him and is just too freaked out to do much about it at the current moment . 
 in which case i 've just been like the one that turns something beautiful into messy ickiness . 
 the karma is terrible . 
 and the other problem -- he 's so hung up on indigo , he could n't forget it , even for an instant . 
 and every time you sleep with someone you like , who 's pining for someone else , it takes a little part of your spirit away . 
 literally . 
 so before you know it , you can find quite a big chunk missing . 
 and that stuff 's gon na take years of spiritual rebuilding , let me tell you . 
 anyway , that 's my system , and it 's why i do n't talk half so much as i used to . 
 it took me only a moment to 1-2-3 that scenario and work out a lecture would be a safer bet for the time being . 
 ` you ca n't spend your whole life worrying about her , ' i told him . 
 ` she 's getting exactly what she asked for , you know . ' 
 ` well , you 're right . 
 i guess girls like getting followed by strange men . ' 
 it did n't take a genius to work out he was being sarcastic , even though he used a thoughtful kind of voice -- like i 'd given him some kind of gem of an insight . 
 it amazed me he could spend so much time researching this stuff and still not have the absolute basics . 
 kind of like an aeronautical engineer who ca n't fix a fridge . 
 i just decided to come right out and explain it . 
 ` you know , you can definitely be the victim of another person -- not your fault at all -- but you ca n't be the victim of a spirit . 
 they only come in when you let them . 
 so if they come in , you 've only got yourself to blame . 
 and only you can get rid of them . 
 it 's your responsibility in the long run . 
 that 's my philosophy anyway . ' 
 ` it 's a fairly austere one . ' 
 ` if you mean it 's harsh , then i do n't think so . 
 it 's just true . 
 so give yourself a break and get some air . ' 
 i snapped shut the lap-top , thinking maybe i should take my own advice . 
 because the more he glared at me , the more i wondered how quickly step 1 and 2 might improve his outlook and the more i had to focus on step 3 in order to get myself to just shut up and toe the line . 
 but then he pretty much took care of everything with his attitude . 
 ` who 's not emailing you ? ' 
 he asked , and not in a very nice way . 
 well , i do n't have to take that . 
 i just got up and left . 
 i was n't really that angry with him . 
 people get grumpy in these kinds of situations . 
 but i really hope he did n't think i was being mean about indigo . 
 cause i knew what it was like to just let stuff in . 
 sometimes it happens when you think you 've done something hugely wrong and do n't deserve to say ` no ' to any punishment that might ever come your way . 
 and other times it happens cause you feel like you 've done something just a tiny bit wrong every single day of your life . 
 for example , when your parents think that the one thing you 're good at is something so bad it should n't even exist , let alone be mentioned . 
 that 's what happened to me , by the way . 
 because my mum had an old lady standing behind her shoulder since i could remember and sometimes i forgot to pretend i could n't see her . 
 anyway , i was on indigo 's side because i 'd had a lot of problems protecting myself from all sorts of things , but particularly guys , and spirits from the lower levels . 
 you know , from the other plane , in the places where all the dark ones hang out . 
 in my dreams it kind of looked like an underground , concrete bunker . 
 i call them dreams , but they were visions rather than dreams . 
 i was n't always asleep when i had them . 
 down there it was pretty dim and damp with long corridors and bad flickering lights . 
 even my guardian spirit did n't like it when i went down there -- and he was a little on the dark side himself . 
 another example of me letting the wrong thing into my life . 
 -lrb- i had n't realized that just because some jerk 's fond of you , you do n't have to hang out with him . 
 hence my early problems in the dating world , which i wo n't even mention here . -rrb- 
 it 's okay though , because i learnt to surround myself with mosquito netting and they ca n't get through that easily . 
 it 's a visualisation , of course . 
 i 'm not crazy . 
 and after that my first ` guardian ' seemed to lose interest and my new guardian turned up in the shape of a border . 
 she was always showing up in the middle of nightmares and doing useful things like squishing spiders with her sweet , long nose , and asking to play ball in the middle of really bad vibe dreams -- so i would end up just about laughing and forgetting to be scared at all . 
 i called her gyp . 
 because it was a good dog name . 
 and i did n't think she 'd be offended , since she chose a dog shape in the first place . 
 this all seems off-topic but it 's absolutely not . 
 because indigo urgently needed to work on her visualisations . 
 and maybe get a gyp of her own . 
 just for starters . 
 it would n't get rid of her follower , but it could give her some breathing space . 
 and she would probably go a bit loopy if she did n't get some breathing space soon . 
 for all i knew , she already had -- she kept her door shut most of the time . 
 i did n't know how to tell her that . 
 about the ways to protect herself . 
 we were n't close . 
 and if i explained about the mosquito net she 'd probably stop talking to me forever . 
 people have to work out this stuff for themselves . 
 she 'd listen to dylan if he told her . 
 but the chances of convincing him were even lower . 
 i would have to think of exactly the right thing to say and he would have to be in a very open minded place . 
 i was n't sure he even had an open minded place . 
 to be fair , i did n't know much about him . 
 he and indigo were both really hard to get to know . 
 like they were in some cool club , full of doomph-doomph music , and forgot to put my name on the door . 
 which did n't bother me . 
 because there were plenty of clubs i could sail right into . 
 still , it 's nicer to be liked . 
 i 'm not being a big , sniffly girl , dylan . 
 if you 're reading this -lrb- and i bet you are -rrb- . 
 it 's just a plain fact . 
 it would be easier if we were all good friends and could talk freely about everything . 
 and though i might 1-2-3 everything in the moment -- when i finally give this to you -lrb- when it 's all over -rrb- i do n't think any of it should need the 1-2-3 treatment by then . 
 it will all be in the past , right ? 
 and you 'll either have found a way to be with indigo or you 'll be consoling yourself with me . 
 so why spare you stuff that might turn out to be totally relevant ? 
 a journal 's a journal . 
 plus spirits and things usually show themselves in our feelings . 
 so our emotions are totally valid bits of evidence . 
 and i suspect even you 're recording your feelings too , because you know that it 's at the heart of it all . 
 not science . 
 not in the way you mean science anyway . 
 so , there you go . 
 if you do n't like what i 'm writing -lrb- which you definitely wo n't if something bad happens to indigo -rrb- then you 're just going to have to live with it . 
 this is my version and i 'm going to tell the absolute truth . 
 anyway , once i 'd walked off on dylan i started to feel bad about saying it was all totally up to indigo . 
 i started to think maybe i should get off my metaphorical arse and actually try to do something . 
 maybe a bit of a mistake . 
 but it 's like those snake guys . 
 eventually they get a bit casual about it and that 's exactly when they get bitten -- snap ! 
 right on the face . 
 and then they get like necrosis or something and part of their face kind of drops off . 
 okay , that 's not what actually happens to me -- my point is that really bad stuff can happen from a little error in judgment . 
 so this is what i did . 
 i went back to the kitchen to get some salt -lrb- dylan was n't there anymore -rrb- and then i locked myself in my room . 
 i opened the window because i did n't want to feel trapped . 
 i made a big circle of the salt and sat down in the middle . 
 ` follower , ' i said , straight out , because there 's no point beating around the bush . 
 ` follower , i 'm waiting for you to come and talk to me . 
 it 's ani , anna 's daughter , who 's asking . 
 and do n't even think about making trouble because i 'm surrounded by a line of white fire that you ca n't possibly cross . 
 and gyp 's here too and she 'll bite you if you even look at me the wrong way . ' 
 i added that last part on the spur of the moment . 
 i did n't really know if she was there , but i though she might at least prick up her ears when she heard her name and then maybe come running if there was trouble , just like a real dog . 
 there was a bit of a silence after that but my hands were tingling , which was a good sign . 
 ` i 'm talking to the one who 's attached to indigo . 
 come and make yourself appear . 
 answer all my questions and do everything i say . 
 now , now ! 
 quickly , quickly ! ' 
 i waited a really long time . 
 it did n't turn up . 
 technically , they do n't have to show when you call them . 
 but they 're usually so curious they ca n't help it . 
 not this one . 
 i had to give up . 
 so you can imagine how surprised i was when i found the little note . 
 it was about an hour later . 
 i 'd just been kicking back on the balcony , reading a magazine , because it really was a nice , warm evening . 
 and why waste it ? 
 so i went in to get a glass of water and just as i was leaving the kitchen i noticed something . 
 two tins of tomatoes were sitting on the middle of the table , which was unusual but not really scary so much . 
 but wedged very neatly between them was a little piece of paper , folded up lots of times . 
 i unfolded it -- there was a kind of weird , messy writing on it . 
 it was in green biro and i knew there was an old green biro in the kitchen drawer . 
 plus the note paper was scrap from the kitchen drawer too . 
 just thought that might be of scientific interest . 
 anyway , dear anianna , it started . 
 which i guess is close enough . 
 dear anianna you have another spirits name on your body so just wait in your turn . 
 i just stood there for a pretty long time . 
 and i 'm not ashamed to say my hand was shaking a little bit . 
 just because i was n't quite expecting it . 
 there was a signature underneath . 
 a kind of backward squiggle . 
 well , that 's when i started to wonder if the follower might actually be a demon . 
 because demons love to sign stuff and write things out . 
 i 've got no idea why . 
 just cause they can maybe . 
 i had a feeling it was n't though . 
 whatever it was , it had given me a bit of a scare -- like a snake flicking out at my face . 
 actually , i was so mad i grabbed the first thing i found -- an old pencil stub -- and wrote underneath , in capital letters : did n't ask for your opinion . 
 childish maybe , but it just burst out of me . 
 i guess i 'm writing this journal to an imaginary person , someone kind of sympathetic but not personally involved , but i know it 's likely dylan 's going to be reading it in real life . 
 so do n't get mad i did n't tell you about any of this , dylan . 
 it 's not relevant to indigo . 
 it 's just the follower 's way of saying -- back off and do n't try to call me again . 
 and the message ? 
 well , spirits do n't usually make stuff up . 
 they might twist it around and even get confused , but they do n't generally out and out lie . 
 so there was probably some trouble on the horizon for me . 
 maybe twenty years away , maybe in five minutes -- who knows ? 
 spirits do n't have much of a concept of time . 
 for all i knew it was trying to be helpful . 
 a spirit 's idea of what 's threatening is a bit different to ours . 
 on the other hand maybe it really meant to scare me -- keep interfering and i 'll take you before your turn -- sort of thing . 
 it was hard to be sure . 
 i did n't try to call it again . 
 i kept the letter though and i 'm sticking it in my journal -lrb- in an envelope , so i do n't have to read it every other day -rrb- . 
 because it 's perfect for dylan 's history . 
 my rambling 's might not be appreciated , but that letter 's absolute gold as far as ` paranormal ' evidence goes . 
 and as for the other one it threatened me with , the one with its name all over my body ? 
 well , i do n't see anyone 's name on me . 
 i 'm not fond of getting nasty letters from the spirit world , but i do have nerves of steel . 
 so i say bring it on , follower -- or whatever you are . 
 there are three of us here now . 
 and we may not be the best of friends , but we 're definitely all on the same side . 
 so it 's three against one . 
 oh it might not mean much to you , and i know you could take her at any moment . 
 but i definitely like the way it sounds . 
 three against one . 
 thursday , january 7 dylan i often woke up to see one or other of them standing in the kitchen . 
 ani generally in next to nothing -lrb- she apparently had no shame -- which was refreshing , to say the least -rrb- . 
 she always seemed to be up at five past three in the morning . 
 i noticed it on the microwave light . 
 she would open the fridge , letting out a long angle of light , and go rustling around selecting things to take back to her room . 
 at first i thought she did n't know i was awake , but one night , without turning around , she said , a little crossly , ` were n't there still some carrots left after that salad ? ' 
 sometimes indigo would pad in wearing a big old t-shirt , quietly getting a glass of water , assuming i was sleeping . 
 all in all it was reasonably often i 'd wake up to find someone else in the room . 
 this time it was a little different because it was almost dawn but there was moonlight shining through the window and indigo 's slip was glowing white around the edges . 
 she had turned the tap on and it was just running and running , very bright in the moonlight . 
 which was strange because we had water restrictions and she was pretty fanatical about them generally . 
 i just lay there for a while because i was n't quite sure if it was a dream . 
 slowly she turned off the tap and put down her empty glass , just staring at the wall . 
 ` indigo , ' i said , when it had gone on for a long time . 
 she jumped . 
 ` oh , you 're awake , ' she whispered . 
 i could n't see her face , just little wisps of light glinting from her hair . 
 ` ca n't you sleep ? ' 
 i sat up . 
 something was bothering me . 
 she was facing me now , and all i could see of her dress was a film of light between her knees and thighs . 
 it was starting to dawn on me . 
 ` why are you wearing that ? ' 
 i asked . 
 her face was completely hidden . 
 ` i do n't know . 
 it 's hot and the fabric feels cold . ' 
 ` you were wearing that when i found you . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 she could n't seem to fathom what the problem was . 
 i changed tack . 
 ` ca n't you sleep ? ' 
 ` yes , but ... i 'm dreaming a lot . ' 
 ` about what ? ' 
 there was a tiny pause . 
 ` not sure . ' 
 i could tell she was lying . 
 she was n't even really trying that hard . 
 she turned the water on again and filled her glass . 
 ` indigo , if i asked you something very directly would you answer me ? ' 
 she had become very still . 
 ` of , course , ' she said , after just a few beats of silence . 
 ` what have you been dreaming exactly ? ' 
 she seemed to stay entirely still , but there was a trembling of light around her skirt as if she were shaking just a little , all over . 
 ` do n't ask me , ' she said . 
 ` too late , ' i said , forcing my voice to be light . 
 she paused as if searching for the right words . 
 ` he 's still telling me to go downstairs . ' 
 ` by ` he ' i suppose you mean ` it ' ? ' 
 i wished i could see her face in the dark . 
 ` come and sit here , i ca n't see you . ' 
 she remained separate , crossing her arms over her stomach . 
 ` he 's asking me a hundred questions about the little child . 
 over and over again -- like a fever dream . ' 
 ` perhaps it is a fever . 
 come here and let me see . ' 
 ` no . 
 it 's not a fever it 's him . 
 he stands over the bed and asks and asks and as soon as i finish answering one question he 's already onto the next one . 
 or repeating the first . ' 
 ` you think he 's really there ? ' 
 i stood up . 
 ` really in my dream . 
 in the last one he was sitting beside me , holding the little box . ' 
 her voice changed a little , became even lower and softer . 
 ` indigo -- why did you put it in here ? 
 do you want to hide it ? 
 from whom ? 
 why did you put it in a box ? ' 
 i moved toward her , but she moved back to the same degree . 
 ` i 'm sure it 's finished now . 
 i ca n't dream it all night . ' 
 i gave up and watched her drift toward the door . 
 ` before you go , tell me again -- why are you wearing that ? ' 
 her voice was a little sharper . 
 ` i told you , i do n't know . ' 
 as soon as she left i turned on the light and sat down with my head in my hands for a moment . 
 i was draggingly tired , but i knew i would n't sleep at all now . 
 **** chapter 7 . 
 not yet thursday , january 7 indigo some people might say that knowing is better than not knowing . 
 but for me , found and buried was worse . 
 it took away all doubt . 
 there was evidence now . 
 of what i 'd allowed to happen . 
 everything looked a bit different that next day . 
 too clear . 
 like changing the settings on a photo . 
 if you sharpen things a little they look more real -- but if you push it too far it becomes over-focused , hard-edged and strange . 
 sounds were different too . 
 it was like hearing everything a few seconds after it happened . 
 and i kept wondering , if the follower did want to help me , as i was starting to secretly hope -- why had it sent me down there again ? 
 it had freed the ghost . 
 but it had put all the weight on me . 
 the weight of knowing everything . 
 and now i felt like a haunt myself . 
 not real anymore . 
 or too real . 
 it was all the same . 
 so i slept badly . 
 the night after we buried the child . 
 when i finally woke up i peeled off the slip and flung it away from me . 
 i was n't even sure where i 'd found it in the confusion of my dreams . 
 it had seemed the coolest thing to wear in the heavy heat . 
 well , i was hardly going to sleep naked with the windows open and my dreams of someone hanging over my bed . 
 though what help a thin film of fabric might offer , i 'm not sure . 
 ani was getting ready for work and somehow talked me into going with her . 
 i 'm not sure how . 
 it was still all a bit of a blur . 
 there she sat me down and plied me with copious coffees under the watchful but apparently helpless eyes of her manager . 
 i told her about the dreams , about the questioning , about the half-formed thought in my mind that it was trying to help , to show me something , just like a ghost . 
 that i needed to understand it . 
 ` i do n't think so , ' said ani , instantly . 
 ` there 's some stuff in life you actually do n't want to know about . ' 
 she shot a number of questions at me , between serving an apparently endless flow of breakfasts . 
 ` how are you going to protect yourself ? ' 
 it was irrelevant because i was always exposed . 
 ` why do n't you let me help ? ' 
 i was n't even sure i was stopping her from helping . 
 was n't sure what she could do anyway . 
 ` you 're kind of becoming a ghost , right ? ' 
 this with a macchiato in one hand and a latte in the other , and the impatient eyes of the next table on her . 
 by this time i was so full of coffee i 'd almost reached an altered state of consciousness and seemed to be finished with the processing of each thought before it had fully formed in my mind . 
 her strange and sudden questions were starting to wash over me , while my own thoughts were running on and on . 
 i was a detective of some sort , not a hunter . 
 i let others take over , but there was no one to take over now . 
 i had to find out more , to get rid of it . 
 had to get closer before i could move away . 
 my response to all mysteries eventually was to leap in , confront , flee . 
 but fleeing would n't work this time . 
 the ideas kept flying around , crystal clear but meaningless , because they were all whirling together . 
 but through the confusion of ani 's conversation , dissected by her ambivalent coffee serving , a clearer idea was trying to surface . 
 avoidance made everything take longer . 
 and so i would have to stop avoiding . 
 would have to keep seeking and asking until i was certain . 
 ani was right . 
 it was good for me to be out . 
 once i 'd made a decision about what to do , i found myself having the strange realisation that not everyone around me was being shadowed by ghosts or supernatural beings . 
 that some really were quite concerned that their coffee milk had been overheated -- and that this was a serious blip on their otherwise pleasant day . 
 people were shopping for clothes and walking dogs and unexpectedly running into each other with huge displays of hugging and kissing and laughing . 
 and many were interpreting the sun as the sign of a beautiful evening to come , rather than an unrelenting and oppressive force that was hurting their eyes and their brain . 
 evening beckoned , with sausages and beer and assorted dips in shady gardens with the bass of a live band nearby and an incredibly pink sun sinking into the smoke haze . 
 and later would be the spectacle of the fruit bats flying overhead in the twilight and the magical power of beer to create camaraderie with the most unlikeable of people . 
 and i might eventually be one of them -lrb- impossible as it currently seemed -rrb- . 
 well , i was not one of them yet , but i had the growing sense that i wanted to be . 
 ` i 'd just like it all to be over , ' i said to ani , but she was finally in café mode , whisking past so quickly she could n't have heard me . 
 i walked home slowly under my unreliable umbrella -- the glue of the handle melting in the heat , which gave me the feeling it must be around forty celsius and possibly inching higher . 
 eventually the whole handle just slid off and i put it in my bag and kept walking . 
 dylan was in the relative cool of the house , typing at the kitchen table . 
 he used to edit government reports from time to time and i had the feeling he might be doing something like that , due to his deep frown and the plunger of mostly drunk coffee beside him . 
 ` hot out ? ' 
 he asked , without looking around . 
 i slumped onto the couch . 
 ` when 's the change coming ? ' 
 he kept typing . 
 ` they 're saying it 's just going to get overcast , maybe some storms around . 
 no rain really . 
 wind . 
 bushfire weather . ' 
 ` so when is it going to rain ? ' 
 i asked , plaintively , as if it were up to him . 
 i had an idea i would think more clearly if it would just cool down ten degrees or so . 
 ` the bureau is silent on that point . ' 
 he meant the bureau of meteorology , which we generally had bookmarked on our computers as a matter of high priority throughout the summer . 
 and which i would usually be checking regularly on a forty degree day , -lrb- it 's thirty-nine point three now ... forty point five ... the change is over geelong ... etc -rrb- , but now i just did n't have the enterprising spirit for it . 
 i stayed there for a while , listening to the soothing tapping of the keys but i had the feeling that dylan was unhappy with me so i went down to the landing of the stairs . 
 i stretched out , convincing myself it was noticeably cooler there -- at the lowest point of the house . 
 at least , the lowest point that was not infused with evil . 
 i laughed at that thought and then wondered if i might be getting heatstroke . 
 ani found me there a couple of hours later . 
 i must have fallen asleep . 
 but at least i did n't dream of him . 
 i woke up to see her standing over me , looking even taller than usual from that angle . 
 ` you should come to st kilda with us . 
 everyone from work 's coming . 
 fish and chips and beer on the beach . ' 
 ` too life-be-in-it , ' i said , flinging my arm over my eyes . 
 ` i 'm going to bed anyway . ' 
 she stepped over me . 
 ` well , i 'm taking you out again tomorrow . 
 you need to get out . ' 
 she was gone only briefly and came back with a towel over one arm . 
 she put a glass of cold water beside me , like an offering . 
 ` is n't the house nice now ? ' 
 she called , like an afterthought , and shut the front door behind her . 
 i was n't completely sure what she meant . 
 ` have you been on the stairs this whole time ? ' 
 asked dylan , who always seemed offended by my misuse of furniture and architecture . 
 -lrb- for example , i always like to sit on the back of the couch , which he thought ridiculous -rrb- . 
 he looked down the stairs at me , clearly disapproving . 
 ` it 's cooler here . ' 
 ` do n't you find it ... ' he looked towards the covered stairs , so close my hand kept brushing accidentally against the wood . 
 ` there 's nothing bad down there now . 
 there 's just ... ' i thought about it , allowing the back of my hand to brush against the nail heads . 
 ` ... answers . ' 
 he did n't answer and it was a sign of how tired i was that even with him looking down on me disapprovingly my eyes just seemed to shut and i was asleep straight away . 
 friday , january 8 indigo i do n't like to put things off . 
 that does n't mean i 'm not scared . 
 it just means that sometimes short-term terror is better than gradually being worn out from looking over your shoulder . 
 in fact it 's probably fear that launches me into danger . 
 the fear of being taken unawares . 
 but although i intended to take action straight away , i seemed to have some sort of sleeping sickness . 
 i got up from the landing and went to my room . 
 i slept all the way through to the next morning . 
 i could n't really say what i dreamed about . 
 just that i woke up aching all over . 
 it was as if i 'd been running all night . 
 and i felt like everything was a bit out of focus . 
 maybe i was getting the flu . 
 i did n't even get up that early . 
 by the time i went to the kitchen , dylan was already up and had finished his breakfast . 
 he poured me a coffee , without speaking . 
 i drank it , but it might as well have been water . 
 i could n't taste anything . 
 i saw dylan 's mouth moving -- but his words only came to me very slowly . 
 ` i said -- more coffee ? ' 
 he repeated . 
 ` where 's ani ? ' 
 my voice seemed all stopped up with cotton wool . 
 ` at work already . 
 it 's late . 
 are you okay ? ' 
 i thought about it for a while . 
 whether to tell him about what i was planning . 
 i knew he would not be a fan . 
 but he was rarely a fan of anything i did . 
 ` i 've got to go down there again . ' 
 i 'm not sure if he said anything . 
 he probably did . 
 but i was numb as i walked out . 
 the terror thing , i suppose . 
 maybe lily was gone . 
 but i could n't forget the hands around my throat . 
 did n't want to go down there . 
 but absolutely had to . 
 waiting was unbearable . 
 he caught up with me pretty fast , but there was nothing he could really say to stop me . 
 i was n't even sure if he was speaking . 
 i was drifting through some sort of dreamy underwater world . 
 it was only when i was standing in the front room that i came back to myself . 
 i realised i had bare feet and the carpet felt kind of unpleasant , dirty and dry from years of dust . 
 i looked through the door . 
 i saw the shadowy inner passageway , the diagonal line of the stairs and the bars of the balustrade , marching up to the blank ending where the landing should be . 
 and , right ahead of me , the little doorway . 
 the little , black space under the stairs . 
 ` dylan ? ' 
 i asked , disconnected from my own voice . 
 not sure yet what i was going to say . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he was standing right behind me but i did n't turn around , could n't turn my back on the stairs . 
 ` why did you kiss me ? ' 
 there was a bit of a silence . 
 ` it seemed like the right thing to do at the time . ' 
 his tone made it quite clear that it had not been the right thing at all . 
 and i would have to agree in terms of the general levels of awkwardness . 
 i was n't even sure why i 'd asked him about it at such a stupid moment . 
 things just seemed to be happening without my really planning them . 
 i chose not to look him in the eye . 
 i took a bit of a breath to focus myself . 
 i went forward and for some reason turned right , deeper into the house , into the living room -lrb- holding my breath as i passed the door under the stairs , not liking that it was ajar because i knew we 'd shut it when we left -rrb- . 
 i 'd never been in the lounge room . 
 at least , not in any waking state . 
 the blinds fitted so close to the windows , only the tiniest of seams of light were left , which really just made the room seem darker in comparison . 
 ` let 's get this over with , ' dylan said , moving past me . 
 he flicked the light switch a few times but nothing happened . 
 ` it 's no good you being down here . ' 
 my heart sank a little lower . 
 because i knew why he had kissed me . 
 i could hear it in his voice even now . 
 he wanted to help . 
 and he meant it kindly , i was sure . 
 he had seen i was stuck , unable to even see the outside world anymore . 
 he had tried to shock me out of it , stop me in my downward plunge . 
 in a way it was a classic dylan manoeuvre . 
 he was always focused on the problem at hand and , though i thought of myself as reasonably tough , he was forever steamrolling over me , eyes on the greater good . 
 ` yes , ' i murmured . 
 ` i suppose that 's my problem . 
 i ca n't think of anything else . 
 i 'm stuck in a loop . ' 
 he was moving forward to open one of the blinds and did n't seem to be listening to my nonsensical murmuring . 
 i 'd pretty much forgotten where i was for the moment . 
 ` are you coming ? ' 
 he gave up on the blinds , they were jammed shut . 
 it was difficult to make anything out , but i could see there were no boxes in here , just some chairs and a couch , with cushions flung across them as if they were still in use . 
 or as if someone had stopped using them very suddenly and never come back to them . 
 ` stay close to me , ' dylan said , but i could n't quite make out his expression in the gloom . 
 we moved right through the lounge room and into the kitchen . 
 it was much lighter . 
 there was a high , dusty window , showing a curve of the outer stairs , so i knew we were right under one end of my bedroom . 
 i went to the cupboard , looked at the jars of old flour and webby grains . 
 they did n't seem at all marked . 
 if lily had fed me from them , she 'd left no trace . 
 but why would a spirit leave physical signs , anyway ? 
 i touched my throat as i thought about it , aware of the bruises that dylan and ani were too polite to mention -- that is , after their -lrb- ignored -rrb- suggestions that i should see a doctor . 
 and the little burst blood vessels still in my eyes . 
 it was clear that lily was perfectly able to leave marks . 
 or had been . 
 ` there 's nothing here anymore , ' i said , drawing a line through the dust with my fingertip . 
 ` nothing downstairs . 
 does n't it feel like that ? 
 now that the little bones are gone . ' 
 he did n't answer . 
 in my mind i was seeing dylan . 
 just the shadow of him against the sky . 
 he 'd dug a really deep hole , breathing hard , unspeaking . 
 we were going to take turns , but once he started it , it was like he could n't stop . 
 ` maybe she 's with him now , ' i said . 
 but i did n't mean in an afterlife . 
 i saw her standing over his bones at that cemetery , watching over him still . 
 too engulfed in guilt to ever leave . 
 i 'm not sure exactly what happened then . 
 it was as if the front and back doors had opened all at once and a huge wind rushed through . 
 when i turned around i realised that dylan was n't standing there . 
 in fact , i did n't feel like he was anywhere near . 
 i ran into the lounge room and then i stopped . 
 because i knew someone was there . 
 between me and the doorway . 
 and i suppose i realised that i 'd called it to me . 
 the painful little twist in my heart . 
 that thought of the child and the spot of overturned earth . 
 maybe it was like a flash of light in its grey world . 
 the room seemed even darker than it should be . 
 so i could n't say how i knew it was there . 
 i felt it blocking me in . 
 i listened and listened . 
 nothing . 
 then a flash , so bright it ached . 
 i scrunched my eyes shut then opened them again . 
 another couple of quick flashes , a tinny popping sound , and then the light was burning above , the bulb blinding for a moment . 
 but i was n't shutting my eyes , because it was there . 
 it was there and much too close to me . 
 i threw myself back , blinking hard . 
 ` indigo , ' it whispered , long and drawn out . 
 i scrambled back and almost fell onto an old green couch . 
 i could n't see it straight on . 
 like when you 're looking at something in the dark and you see it more clearly when you look to one side . 
 only there was no way i was going to look away for a second . 
 i could n't get a grip on how close it was but i could see that dylan was definitely gone . 
 ` why are you following me ? ' 
 i had no control over my voice . 
 ` in-di ... ' it said . 
 i was starting to hate the sound of my own name . 
 ` i do n't need you , ' i answered . 
 it was drifting closer . 
 though not walking , not drifting really , just becoming blurrily closer . 
 ` in-di-go , ' it said , with the same drawn-out thrill as before . 
 stuck in a loop , i thought . 
 and the horrible possibility was still there . 
 that it was a ghost . 
 not a helping or a sad ghost , but a hungry , grasping ghost -- feeding off my fear and everything bad that was in me . 
 making more as it fed . 
 i was edging away around the room until i 'd backed into the hard rim of the mantelpiece and there was n't any further for me to go . 
 it was still right before me , no matter where i went . 
 ` why did you send me down here ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 it was right up in front of me , breathing blank air into my face . 
 it reached out very slowly . 
 ` you wanted to ... ' ` no ! ' 
 i said , panicking . 
 ` not yet ! ' 
 there was a loud sound . 
 like a thud and a crack all at once . 
 it fell to one side . 
 but it was gone before it reached the ground . 
 i saw her for an instant . 
 ani , holding a plank across her shoulder , on the backward swing . 
 then the bulb popped and flickered off . 
 we were alone in the room . 
 i felt a lightness in my entire body . 
 i could n't tell if it was shock or joy . 
 it seemed that she was a bit shocked herself , because she took a moment to say anything . 
 ` i thought i 'd try hitting it , ' she sounded surprised at her own daring . 
 ` dylan 's been fantasizing about it for ages . ' 
 i laughed . 
 i could n't help it . 
 ` i know you 're trying to do the right thing , ' she said , moving closer , eyes dark smudges . 
 ` but you have to believe what you 're saying a hundred percent . ' 
 ` what can i do ? 
 it keeps coming to me . ' 
 i 'm not ashamed to admit it , there was a kind of hysterical edge to my voice . 
 ` will you hit it with a plank every time it comes ? ' 
 i was laughing a little bit , but it was mostly at the thought of ani lining it up like a golfer . 
 it was only when dylan appeared in the doorway that i remembered he was missing . 
 ` is everything okay ? ' 
 he asked , out of breath . 
 it still seemed humorous . 
 ` ani hit it with the plank . ' 
 ` why are you laughing ? ' 
 ` i think her brain 's broken , ' said ani , but it sounded like she was smiling . 
 ` and that 's funny how ? ' 
 dylan 's disapproving voice seemed strangely comical . 
 i had to put both hands over my mouth . 
 ` it 's getting too close , ' he said . 
 ` we ca n't protect you forever . ' 
 i sobered up quite quickly at this . 
 despair was threatening again and i was starting to wonder why i had panicked . 
 the whole reason for going down there had been to try to talk to it . 
 or something like that . 
 i could n't actually remember my exact reasoning . 
 in fact , it was possible it did n't have much to do with reason at all . 
 i was having the faintest feeling of clarity . 
 ` i think i need to stay away from here . ' 
 i said . 
 ` really ? ' 
 asked dylan . 
 he had two settings when he was angry : silence or sarcasm . 
 silence was the worst , so i suppose he was taking it all quite well . 
 i was glad i could n't see his face though . 
 ` or perhaps you could move in down here , and meditate on that dead child day and night ? ' 
 he suggested . 
 ` shush ! ' 
 ani said , quickly . 
 ` do n't talk about it . ' 
 ` why not ? ' 
 she shook her head . 
 ` do n't know . 
 just feels bad suddenly . ' 
 there was a pause and i could tell he was considering what she had said . 
 i looked around the room , half expecting something else to happen but everything was absolutely still . 
 ` let 's take a vote , ' he said , after a while . 
 ` i move that we get out of here now and do n't ever come down here again . 
 ani ? ' 
 ` definitely . 
 not until sunday anyway . ' 
 she took a moment to realize we were waiting for more . 
 ` things will be different on sunday . ' 
 ` because ? ' 
 prompted dylan . 
 she flung the plank away . 
 ` do n't know yet . 
 let 's get out of here . ' 
 the moment we got out i took in a big gulp of air . 
 a few gulps of air actually . 
 they were both walking ahead of me , but stopped to wait . 
 the lightness was definitely gone and a sense of dread was falling . 
 i walked past the blinded windows and tried not to look into them . 
 i could n't trust myself not to see something in those reflections . 
 the follower standing right behind my shoulder , for example . 
 dylan brushed me gently with his hand as i passed him and i jumped , jolted through with fear . 
 ` come on , ' said ani , coming back for me . 
 ` come up and have a huge glass of wine . ' 
 she reached out to take my hand and we walked up the stairs that way , even though it took us possibly twice as long . 
 she drew me into the passageway and it struck me how much better i felt in the second story of the house . 
 as if downstairs was a different world altogether . 
 ` you just need a break from it all , ' she said . 
 ` it 's that simple . ' 
 ` you 'd better make it a bottle then , ' i replied . 
 ` and some alprazolam while you 're at it . ' 
 dylan made a half amused , half derisive noise behind me but ani just frowned . 
 ` how will you protect yourself if you 're not even in this world ? ' 
 she demanded . 
 she always managed to say the most unsettling thing possible . 
 saturday january 10 indigo dylan had some wine in the fridge . 
 it was a habit of his , to always have something chilled , as if an impromptu dinner party might break out at any moment . 
 i watched him pour it , a little hungrily . 
 i was n't about to let it sit , so it was too cold -- a golden dew broke out on the glass straight away . 
 i put my hands around it , cold as it was . 
 it had a summer smell of fruit . 
 reminding me of summers i had actually enjoyed . 
 ` so where do you think you 'll go ? ' 
 asked ani . 
 ` i mean if it takes you ? ' 
 she said it as if she was asking about my holiday plans . 
 dylan looked as if he thought it in bad taste , but i suppose it was a fair enough question . 
 ` lost time . ' 
 i still felt a little strange talking about it . 
 ` i started to remember things about being down there . 
 about lily . 
 but i never remembered anything about it . 
 so i suppose in the beginning it was a kind of nothing . 
 like being dead . ' 
 ` being dead 's not nothing , ' said ani , straight away . 
 she took a deep draught of wine as if preparing to launch into an explanation , but dylan spoke first . 
 ` perhaps it 's just your memory that 's wiped . ' 
 this was not a pleasant idea at all . 
 ` oh , yes , ' said ani , enthused . 
 ` you might have been gone for years ... but in another world . 
 you know , on another plane of existence . ' 
 ` well that 's just nuts , ' said dylan . 
 she give him an annoyed look , but i thought there was some affection in it too . 
 which made me wonder . 
 he certainly gave no sign of being fond of her in any way . 
 not that it was anything to me . 
 it would just be absolutely the last straw , that 's all . 
 ani knocked back her second glass in a few gulps . 
 ` i have to go and wash myself , ' she said , picking up the bottle . 
 ` your follower 's given me the heebie-jeebies . 
 i 'm spidery all over . ' 
 ` it 's not my follower . ' 
 she poured me a fresh glass without answering , then she left . 
 i sipped at the wine . 
 i 'm not sure it was making me feel any better . 
 it was perhaps making my muscles relax a little , but i 'd been so tensed up for so long it was only causing them to ache . 
 we sat silently for a while . 
 dylan had n't touched his drink . 
 i was trying to come up with a way of saying what i was really thinking . 
 but in the end there was no positive spin i could put on it , so i just came right out with it . 
 ` in a way it was easier when i did n't exist . ' 
 silence . 
 i tried to explain . 
 ` i know there was n't anything good , but there was n't anything bad either . ' 
 i could tell he was watching me , but did n't want to look at him or i 'd lose my nerve . 
 ` i suppose that 's why i ca n't quite get rid of it . ' 
 i would never have said it to ani . 
 but , she apparently already knew . 
 that i could n't send it away . 
 i met dylan 's eye and he was giving me a pretty dark look . 
 big surprise . 
 but i was simply telling the truth . 
 ` i 'm going for a walk , ' i said . 
 ` i just need to get out of the house . 
 it 's like there 's no air in here . ' 
 i got up and left him . 
 the sun was high and still reddened by the smoke of distant fires . 
 there definitely were bushfires now . 
 i was not so cut off from the media that i could miss that . 
 but it all seemed like a million miles away . 
 i was lost in my own haze . 
 it had been drifting down then lifting for days . 
 well , ever since they found me , to be completely truthful . 
 an altered state where everything seemed clearer but the actual world was strange . 
 i felt i could see all the answers suddenly just ahead of me , could almost grasp the meaning of the follower 's presence . 
 if i could just follow it a little further , like a will-o ' - the-wisp , i just might be able to understand it all . 
 it was a seductive dream logic that a tiny part of me recognised as fatally misleading but still could n't resist . 
 i walked up the centre of the laneway , arms stretched out to either side for balance . 
 the road seemed to sway and dip anyway . 
 the whole world appeared to be at sea . 
 i 'm not sure how i eventually crossed the streets . 
 i do n't remember doing it . 
 i was trying not to think of dylan 's face . 
 i suppose i 'd said the wrong thing to him . 
 but it was the truth . 
 nothingness had been easier . 
 the park was saturated green and i sank down into the grass , feeling the prickle of it against my legs . 
 the sun was really punishing , but i could n't get up and move into the shade . 
 i was trying to remember what had happened there . 
 the woman , grace , and the pusher . 
 and then lily with the haggard face . 
 haggard because maybe she 'd been half starved when she died . 
 the little boy . 
 but i could n't remember what he looked like anymore . 
 it had been completely wiped out by the knowledge of how he looked now . 
 a big , sick guilt was sitting on my stomach . 
 i would be hated by everyone -- if they only knew . 
 if my family found out what i 'd done -- they would be horrified . 
 sure , they 'd still love me , but they 'd be thinking of it whenever they saw me . 
 dylan had known it was wrong from the beginning . 
 had warned me not to get involved at all . 
 but had somehow tried to stay a friend . 
 the follower knew . 
 had latched onto me because i was guilty . 
 i was starting to realize i could never get rid of it . 
 that 's what dylan did n't fully understand yet . 
 that it would always be with me no matter how far i moved . 
 i could close my eyes to sleep in ten years and there it would stand in all its comforting hunger , waiting for me , promising to take me away whenever i reached the point where it was too much . 
 it had always only been a question of how long . 
 i passed my hands over the grass . 
 the park was full of bright sun and deep shade . 
 there were lots of people there , lying down in the shade or just walking . 
 the follower was already there in the blue shadows beneath the trees . 
 i did n't even need to lift my eyes . 
 maybe i was n't brave enough . 
 i spoke very quietly , because i do n't think it needed to hear the words like an ordinary person . 
 ` what would it be like , ' i asked . 
 ` if i went with you right now ? ' 
 and although it was quite a distance away , i heard it perfectly clearly . 
 ` nothing , ' it said . 
 i let the word sink in . 
 i pulled up a piece of grass and looked at it , saw the light shining through its veins . 
 i looked at the still water nearby . 
 ` yes , i think i want to go . ' 
 saturday january 10 dylan i knew that indigo probably should n't go out on her own . 
 but i just sat there at the kitchen table . 
 i was so angry i could n't move . 
 ever since i saw it take her in the kitchen i 'd been having this vision . 
 the follower , like a big , heartless child tugging the white slip over her head . 
 indigo , a loose-limbed doll . 
 i was sure he had his own reasons for taking her downstairs , under our feet . 
 -lrb- it , it . 
 i corrected myself . 
 not he -rrb- . 
 but would i ever be able to work it out ? 
 and was there any point ? 
 i tried to . 
 i tried to visualise what i 'd seen as if that would help me to understand . 
 i 'd been right there with her . 
 was it my loss of time , my loss of concentration that had allowed him to pass me , carrying her ? 
 or perhaps they 'd really just disappeared in the kitchen and reappeared downstairs , a sinister little space fold . 
 either way , i had the feeling that being moved that way could break your sense of self . 
 or erode it anyway . 
 and indigo was eroding . 
 all looked well on the surface , but the foundations were crumbling away . 
 i recognized it . 
 but it seemed like there was nothing i could do to help . 
 even in an emergency i was no use . 
 one moment i 'd been with her in the dark kitchen and she was talking about the boy -- saying she could n't feel anything down there , now that his bones were gone . 
 and then i woke up on the kitchen floor , face pressed against the linoleum . 
 some sort of supernatural joke . 
 mostly i was angry . 
 that 's what happens when you 're powerless . 
 i learned this from my teasing half-brothers . 
 the ones that made my life pretty much a misery for fourteen years . 
 when i finally fought back against them i was too angry and i really hurt them . 
 though no more than they 'd hurt me , if you consider all the accumulated hidden bruises and the -lrb- worse -rrb- sharp barbs about my mother that are lodged under my skin forever now . 
 of course , they ran and told straight away -- one with blood streaming from a -lrb- no doubt -rrb- broken nose and the other with a reddened -lrb- soon to be black -rrb- eye . 
 any guilt i might have had was drained away when they laughed at the first blow . 
 my father 's fist sharpened by the fact it was early in the morning and he was relatively sober . 
 his stupid , lumbering anger was all for me . 
 they were jubilant , like prisoners seeing all the punishment go to one inmate -lrb- safe for today , safe for a few weeks maybe ! -rrb- . 
 and my stepmother 's face -lrb- she drifted in behind him -rrb- pure hatred under her outward , limp gentleness and soft protestations . 
 i had always been evidence of that despised other woman . 
 she could n't forget her for one moment now i was living in their house . 
 well not for long , because i was sixteen and i 'd had enough and i left that same night . 
 i had a bruised rib and a shiny lump on my cheek , but i also had a feeling that was welling up stronger and stronger . 
 a kind of furious joy that could n't be taken from me . 
 a power . 
 but i was controlled after that . 
 knowing that child fear could become rage . 
 the feeling of adrenalin spiking with a kind of horrible pleasure and that sense of looking at yourself from the outside , not knowing what you might do . 
 well , at last i had a place for it to go now . 
 because i had this other image stuck in my mind . 
 so struck i had thought it must be some sort of premonition . 
 had known it was when i saw ani 's delicate hands gripping that heavy plank . 
 there were various scenarios to begin with . 
 me running to find it in the kitchen , or downstairs . 
 the hated thing would have its back to me . 
 and i would have a hammer in my hand . 
 the exact one i 'd used to pull up the nails on the stairs -- dull green handle with the rubber peeling off . 
 like i said , it started differently but it would always end the same . 
 i 'd line up the back of its head . 
 and with a wide , strong swing , i 'd crack its skull . 
 and then it was just swinging and swinging until it was down on the ground and there was no hardness to hit . 
 i put my head on my hands , down on the kitchen table . 
 i was reaching the end of my dark fantasy loop when ani broke in . 
 ` i thought i heard indigo go out , ' she said , sounding amazed . 
 she was wrapped in a towel and looked as if she 'd just been fished up from the bottom of the ocean . 
 there were droplets sliding off her and her hair was dripping water across the floor . 
 ` are you just going to sit here brooding ? ' 
 ` i 'm fine . ' 
 ` i know you 're fine -- what about indigo ? ' 
 i felt like i was waking up out of some sort of nightmare . 
 ` i ca n't lock her up . ' 
 she came a little closer and pressed her hair against her towel to stop it dripping . 
 ` has it occurred to you that she 's only choosing it because she thinks she does n't have you ? ' 
 i just sat and looked at her . 
 because i still did n't want to believe indigo was actually seeking it out . 
 ` she 's not choosing it , ' i said , after a while . 
 ` are you still in total denial ? ' 
 ` no , ' i said . 
 ` why do you think she keeps going down there ? 
 where it locked her up ? 
 where all those horrible things happened ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 to find out about the girl . ' 
 ` lily 's dead and gone . 
 i 'll bet a hundred bucks that follower thing is telling her to go down there . 
 it wants her there . 
 wants her thinking about that little kid every second of the day -- trying to remember if she heard it crying from under the stairs . 
 reminding her of what happened in the park . 
 it wants her stuck in her guilt so she ca n't ever get out . 
 you already know that 's what it 's doing . ' 
 ` do n't tell me what i know , ' i said , feeling the blood rushing through my body . 
 i was picturing indigo standing in the dark , in the white glow of the clinging slip , telling me about her feverish dreams . 
 and i 'd done nothing . 
 ani sat down at the table , fixing me in her full glare . 
 ` there 's no point trying to scare me . 
 i just took out some sort of astral spirit with a piece of wood . ' 
 ` i 'm not trying to scare you , ' i began , but she broke in . 
 ` why do n't you get out of make-believe land for five minutes ? 
 why would she say no to it ? 
 what 's keeping her here , anyway ? ' 
 ` certainly not me , ' i said , darkly . 
 she banged her hands impatiently on the table . 
 ` well , it 's worth a try , do n't you think ? 
 i reckon she 's been wanting to disappear ever since we found that kid under the stairs . 
 she 's been drifting in and out , if you know what i mean . 
 that thing 's been working on her every night , wearing her down . 
 so if it 's not you she wants , you 'd better think of something else just as good or maybe even better . 
 she needs alternatives right now . 
 hope . ' 
 i just sat there and looked at her . 
 all the anger had drained out of me and her pop-psychology lecture had left me more shaken than cynical . 
 my mind was starting to work again . 
 ` ani ... ' i leaned forward across the table . 
 ` surely she has n't gone to the park ? ' 
 she simply crossed her arms and gave me a stony look . 
 i was totally unfit . 
 but you do n't need to be fit when you 're operating on adrenalin . 
 i ran hard . 
 i barely noticed the heat . 
 the gardens seemed much too big , too full of people . 
 and i was n't sure which was the right place , so i just made for the nearest water . 
 it was a pond really , with tall rushes in it . 
 i saw indigo was sitting in the grass , looking at the water . 
 i stopped when i saw her , like i 'd hit a wall , gasping in the smoky air . 
 just grateful she still existed . 
 but then i saw it . 
 it was in the cool shadows , just standing there and looking at her with its horrible , hungry look . 
 but maybe i 'm exaggerating , because it was hard to make out its face clearly . 
 there were people everywhere . 
 they had no idea indigo was about to disappear . 
 i could see it in the slow , thoughtful way she was drawing her hand over the grass . 
 she was right back in the middle of it all . 
 remembering . 
 she stood up , dusted off her clothes and started to move towards it quite naturally but i ran and grabbed her before she was half-way . 
 ` dylan ? ' 
 she said , as if amazed . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 i was still a bit out of breath . 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 i looked around but i could n't see it anywhere . 
 ` you do n't understand . ' 
 she was actually looking around for it , as if i was in her way . 
 ` i 've realised it 's actually a part of me . ' 
 i was full of selfish jealousy , as if it were a man . 
 ` it does n't care about you at all ! ' 
 ` but it 's here for a reason . 
 to take me ... ' i could n't listen to her . 
 ` it was following that other woman for years , then it dropped her like a ton of bricks the moment you appeared . 
 indigo , you 're not special to it . 
 it just wants to annihilate you . ' 
 something about the word made it seem real suddenly , sucked all my stupid envy out and it seemed to hit her too . 
 she stared at me for a while then sat down abruptly on the grass and hid her face . 
 i looked at her for a moment . 
 she seemed so insubstantial , like she might vanish even without its help . 
 people were watching us kind of surreptitiously , probably thinking what a jerk i was to just be standing there looking down on her . 
 i sat down with her . 
 i wrapped my arms right around her so that she was hidden for a moment . 
 it seemed like the right thing to do . 
 ` now you 've sent it away , ' she said , in a tiny voice . 
 she was n't actually crying at all , just sounding defeated and very tired . 
 ` what will i do now ? ' 
 i could feel the anger coming back . 
 because she was acting like she was still looking to learn something from it , when i knew quite well she just wanted to vanish off the face of the earth and it was no more caring of her than a gun or a knife . 
 even so , her fingers were curling around my arm as if she meant to keep me close . 
 ` did you consider asking me for help ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` you know i love you , and it does n't care about you at all . ' 
 she pushed me away so she could look at me . 
 ` what did you say ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` you know it does n't care about you . ' 
 she narrowed her eyes and bit her lip . 
 ` no , the other thing . ' 
 i stood up quickly and gave her my hand to lift her up . 
 she was n't looking around at all now , just staring at me with unsettling intensity . 
 i 've never been particularly good at reading indigo . 
 i was still trying to think of something to say . 
 she looked towards the pond and stood very quietly for a moment . 
 the alertness had drained out of her face . 
 ` i need to go home , ' she said , tiredly , and my heart kind of sank . 
 we walked back . 
 she did n't look at me very much , just frowned against the sunlight as if thinking hard . 
 i was only half watching her . 
 i was expecting every moment to see it , to have it loom out of some shadowed porch . 
 but we got back , all the way up the stairs and shut the door against the sun and there was no sign of it . 
 i looked down at her . 
 she started to speak and i steeled myself a bit . 
 it was just automatic now -- because she mostly said things i did n't want to hear . 
 ` when you said you loved me ... ' she said , slowly . 
 ` i do n't suppose you meant you were in love with me ? ' 
 she gave me a very steady look , but it was wonderfully clear to me she 'd actually stopped breathing . 
 i took a moment to look at her and the tension was draining out of me so fast it was almost painful . 
 she had a little strand of hair over one eye , stuck to the edge of her lip . 
 i brushed it aside , noticing that she did n't draw back . 
 she took in a sudden breath though and just waited . 
 everything seemed too still , almost like the whole house was watching . 
 i leaned forward , leaving her time to step away . 
 but when i kissed her she stood on tip-toes and kissed me back , as if we 'd never been apart . 
 she wrapped both her arms around my neck and i half-lifted her into her room . 
 under her clothes , she was even lighter than when we 'd found her . 
 all her fears and cares had worn her away into unfamiliar , angular shapes . 
 only the soft feeling of her mouth was exactly the same . 
 the sound of her beautiful , sighing breaths . 
 and her half-closed eyes looking at me with a calm knowingness that was cat-like . 
 you might think i 'm exaggerating . 
 you might not look twice at indigo if she passed on the street , but there was something supernatural about her when we made love . 
 it was the way she looked at me as if she 'd known me for a thousand years and she loved me right down to my soul . 
 i think that when the fear drained out of her at last , all the exhaustion flooded in . 
 we ended up wrapped together like we 'd been shipwrecked , her whole body trembling even in her sleep . 
 tired as i was , i was n't planning to shut my eyes at all . 
 i was afraid she would wake up and wander back into her strange , disconnected world . 
 or maybe it could even appear by the bed , just reach out to touch her and leave an empty space between my arms . 
 i stayed awake a long time , half lost in the remembered rhythm of our kisses -- sleepily daydreaming about her , feeling there was at least a small portion of goodness in the world now . 
 a few times she woke up and drew closer , watching me quite solemnly . 
 but she would fall asleep again almost immediately . 
 ` i think it 's safe to sleep now , ' she whispered , once . 
 i think it was soon after that i finally fell asleep too , as the twilight came down . 
 but it was pretty clear to me that it was not safe . 
 **** chapter 8 . 
 end dylan i woke up with bright sun on my face and the sick feeling she 'd gone . 
 i threw on my clothes and went straight up to the kitchen . 
 i found her alone , apparently with no intention of running away . 
 ` morning . ' 
 she was n't quite looking me in the eye , and there was something edgy in the way she was fidgeting , tapping the table with her toe . 
 ` coffee ? ' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 ani was out , doing an early shift at the café so there was no porridge , just toast and the dregs of some marmalade i found at the back of the fridge . 
 it all tasted so much better than usual . 
 even the thought of how much easier it would have been , had i just come out and told her everything straight off , was not going to ruin my mood . 
 but i had a brief thought of all the nights we could have been wrapped up together instead of miserably separate . 
 indigo finished her toast in a few bites and jumped up to do the dishes . 
 ` i 've got an idea , ' she said , briskly . 
 ` i dreamt about it . 
 ani and i were sitting here . 
 and she was eating bowl after bowl of porridge . 
 and she said , you know , all that guilt and shame , it 's like his food . ' 
 ` i suppose we already knew that . 
 so you just need to move on . ' 
 she gave me a look , and i sensed the old indigo was returning . 
 ` that 's right dylan , i 'll just find love and be instantly healed . 
 because that 's exactly how life works . ' 
 ` it does happen you know , ' i said , but i was secretly pleased to see her so energetic . 
 ` so what 's your plan ? ' 
 she turned her back to me . 
 she paused awhile , then said , ` i called my landlord this morning . ' 
 i stood up without really knowing what i was doing . 
 all the fear and tension was returning in something like a tsunami . 
 she kept washing , scrubbing hard at the plate although it had only had toast crumbs on it . 
 i could see the side of her face , expressionless . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` i 've been hearing this sound downstairs . 
 like there 's a cat in there or something . ' 
 she actually laughed . 
 ` well , if it 's stuck down there , it 's going to make a big mess . ' 
 ` that 's funny because i have n't heard anything . ' 
 she was holding the plate in one hand and i noticed it was shaking . 
 the detergent foam was drifting down to the floor . 
 ` what 's going to happen ? ' 
 i asked . 
 i was moving toward her . 
 she turned her back on me firmly , emptied the sink and quickly ran clean water over the saucers . 
 ` well , he was pretty keen to take a look . 
 he said he 'd be over at eleven . ' 
 she dried her hands . 
 ` he 's coming to the house ? ' 
 ` we 've got an hour . ' 
 she was finally looking at me , almost challengingly . 
 ready to fight me , i suppose . 
 i still was n't certain what she was going to do , but i made a guess . 
 ` i do n't want you to call it here . ' 
 i said , aware that i sounded like a jealous boyfriend . 
 ` you do n't know what it will do . ' 
 ` it 's okay . 
 it 's not for me this time . 
 it 's for him . ' 
 ` but you ca n't be sure it wo n't take you . ' 
 ` it was you who said i was n't special to it . 
 it 's just hungry for what i have . ' 
 i considered for a while . 
 ` but do you think it will follow him ? 
 it 's so fixed on you . ' 
 ` i 'm sure it will . 
 it 's like that woman at the start of all this . 
 maybe she had a secret of her own , but like you said , it just dropped her straight away when it saw me . ' 
 she was leaning back against the sink -- exactly where i had seen her disappear . 
 it seemed like years ago . 
 i do n't believe in omens , but it was still unsettling . 
 ` my landlord , he must feel even worse than me . 
 i 'm sure if i can just bring them close ... if it does n't seem to be working -- just having him here with the follower -- i 'll tell him i know about lily . 
 he 's got to feel bad . 
 he killed her with his hands . ' 
 she put her hand up to her throat as she said this , and i was starting to get a clearer idea of what had happened to her that day under the stairs . 
 but i was more concerned with what was happening right now and the uncomfortable feeling that i might be responsible somehow for her stupidest plan ever . 
 ` indigo , if it 's not working it may be because he 's some kind of psycho who does n't actually have a conscience . 
 in which case bringing it up and cornering him would be the worst thing you could do . ' 
 she seemed to be considering this . 
 i pressed the point . 
 ` and then you 're stuck between a supernatural stalker and a cornered murderer . ' 
 she frowned . 
 ` i had n't really thought about that . ' 
 ` well , you 've got a whole hour to think about it . ' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 she was clearly feeling better . 
 ` it 's the only thing that might possibly work . 
 go or stay . 
 it 's up to you . ' 
 the funny thing was , she made it sound like i had a choice . 
 indigo my landlord is called mr. theophanes . 
 i say ` is ' because he 's still my landlord . 
 if you 're picturing some sort of supernatural event -- ground opening up , follower dragging him down to hell , or wherever , that 's not how it happens . 
 it was a bit messier than that actually . 
 anyway , i was talking about mr. theophanes . 
 he 's a pretty unnoticeable kind of guy . 
 he 's in his fifties and maybe he used to be athletic , but now he looks kind of soft around the edges . 
 he 's always been nice to talk to . 
 good at small talk . 
 and even though a dark suspicion had been blooming about him for a while , i still felt guilty about what i was going to do . 
 but there was not enough time to be sentimental . 
 he said he 'd come at eleven , but he had a habit of showing up well before you expected him . 
 -lrb- a classic landlord trick to catch you with that forbidden pet dog or the mess of last night 's party -rrb- . 
 but if you happened to mention there was a problem with the plumbing or anything , he 'd be upstairs in a flash , half-wedged under the sink before you even had a chance to catch up . 
 and if you asked him about his car , his face would light up . 
 he had the junkiest old maserati -- covered in dust in summer , blooming lichen round the edges in the spring . 
 he neglected it but he loved it . 
 i do n't know why i 'm saying all this . 
 it 's like i want to say -- well , he was alright really . 
 he seemed alright . 
 the main problem was that he was n't supernatural , was n't going to vanish when i said his name . 
 was n't a spirit of pure malevolence . 
 he was a person . 
 it was messy and my stomach was in knots . 
 but it was the first part of my plan that had me literally vibrating with fear . 
 i was more scared about it than confronting mr. theophanes . 
 but i was n't sure if it was the follower that scared me , or what i was capable of feeling . 
 and what i might ask it when it came for me . 
 what was that word dylan had used ? 
 annihilation . 
 it seemed so much more real now . 
 now that i had something good in my life . 
 but i still did n't quite trust myself . 
 we stood outside , dylan and i. out in the narrow garden . 
 ` indigo ... ' he said , and i instantly wished i 'd told him not to say my name . 
 we needed rules and boundaries here . 
 this was my whole heart and soul . 
 he went on . 
 ` i 've been feeling kind of sorry for you and i wanted to make you feel better . 
 but we both know it was your fault . 
 the little boy . ' 
 i had n't really prepared for this . 
 i guess there was no way to prepare . 
 it seemed like the breath was getting forced out of me and i felt my eyes shamefully filling with tears . 
 dylan did n't say anything and i wondered if he was wavering . 
 i know he hated my idea anyway . 
 but we could n't stop now . 
 i spoke all in a rush . 
 ` lily was so tied to the house . 
 if they 'd stayed away , grace and the boy , i 'm sure he would have been safe . 
 but i had to take them back so close . 
 to the park . 
 where lily could reach him . ' 
 ` yes , ' he said , and i knew he really meant it . 
 his eyes were unwavering . 
 ` you 're right . 
 she could n't have gone far from the house , could n't have followed far . ' 
 ` but i brought him back close . 
 and that 's when she took him . ' 
 he was frowning at me now , and it kind of pained me that he was feeling sorry for me . 
 made me feel more guilty . 
 which was good in one way . 
 but it also hurt in my chest . 
 i looked behind him , into the shadows . 
 nothing . 
 then he started speaking again and , with his instinct for these things , said the worst thing he could possibly say . 
 ` that little boy was inside the house . 
 under your feet and you never heard him . ' 
 i swallowed but my throat was all dried up . 
 ` how long do you think it took before ... ' i had to clear my throat but it still came out in a whisper . 
 ` before he actually died ? ' 
 dylan did n't speak . 
 there was nothing more for him to say . 
 but i was n't looking at dylan now . 
 i was looking at the shadows up at the end of the garden . 
 the narrow lane . 
 the black square of the window . 
 because even in the glare of the sunlight i could see a darker shadow there . 
 ` it must have taken a little while . ' 
 i said , eyes fixed on my follower . 
 ` and maybe i even heard him crying . 
 i would have thought it was next door or someone passing on the street and forgotten about it ... i do n't blame her -- lily . 
 she forgot he needed to drink , to move , to see the sun . 
 she was just a ghost . 
 not a person anymore . 
 but i could have helped him . 
 i was right here the whole time . ' 
 ` it would n't have taken long ... ' said dylan , quietly , but i was n't really listening , because there was the follower right behind him , half in the sun now and real . 
 real as dylan . 
 eyes fully open to the hot glare . 
 looking at me . 
 waiting for me to speak . 
 for a moment i even wondered again if nothingness was better than this tearing feeling . 
 the knowing what i should have done and what i should n't have done and how it could all have been prevented . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 asked dylan , following my gaze and turning . 
 i do n't know if he saw anything because right at that moment there was the unmistakable roar and sputter of the maserati and the metal gate noisily scraped open . 
 ani was braced against the heavy gate , as if to hurl it shut . 
 ` it 's him , ' she said . 
 ` what 's he doing here ? ' 
 the engine clicked off . 
 the car door slammed . 
 ` come over here , ' said dylan . 
 ` it 's okay . 
 indigo called him , ' ani hurried to stand behind dylan . 
 ` i do n't want him to come in , ' she whispered . 
 dylan kept his eyes on the gate . 
 ` it 's too late now . ' 
 my landlord strode through the door . 
 ` hey there ! 
 vermin problems ? ' 
 he was pretty much rubbing his hands together . 
 ani and i did n't say anything . 
 ` hi , ' said dylan . 
 ` i 'd better take a look . 
 it 's happened before you know . 
 found a cat down there . 
 stank the whole place out . ' 
 he had stopped in front of us , but it slowly seemed to be dawning on him that something was wrong . 
 ` so how are you ? 
 do n't think we 've met . ' 
 i turned around , saw that ani looked horrified . 
 there was nothing i could really say to cover it up . 
 she was staring at him in open-mouthed terror . 
 ` oh , that 's ani , ' said dylan . 
 ` do n't worry about her . ' 
 mr. theophanes was already starting up the stairs . 
 ` i know about lily , ' i said . 
 i 'd meant to be subtle , to work around to it like some kind of literary detective in the big reveal scene . 
 but it just came out . 
 ` what was that ? ' 
 i 'd spoken so quietly he really had n't heard me . 
 i said , ` i know about lily . 
 what you did to her . ' 
 he came back down to the ground kind of heavily and there were weird red and white blotches showing on his face . 
 but he sounded calm . 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` lily . 
 under the stairs . ' 
 he walked right up to me . 
 he did n't seem angry . 
 i was suddenly afraid he might be having a heart attack or something . 
 his face was dark red . 
 ` why do n't you just ... ' dylan began , but as he put his hand on mr. theophanes ' shoulder he whirled around fast and hit him . 
 dylan crashed back against the flower box and the bricks . 
 he tried to get up , but just slumped back . 
 i did n't have time to help him . 
 mr. theophanes was already advancing on me . 
 i looked around . 
 i could n't see the follower anywhere . 
 ` you 've got no idea what you 're talking about , ' he grabbed me by the shoulder . 
 ` who told you her name ? ' 
 ` george ! ' 
 ani said , suddenly . 
 he whirled around , kind of unsteady . 
 ani was standing there , opening and closing her hand , her shoulders kind of slumped over so she looked smaller than usual and her face all twisted up as if she was about to cry . 
 ` just leave her alone , george . 
 she has n't done anything wrong . ' 
 ` who the hell are you ? ' 
 ` i 've been trying to forgive you , ' ani said . 
 ` but i just ca n't . ' 
 ` what is going on ? ' 
 he shouted at her . 
 she flinched back and put both hands up around her neck . 
 even from behind i could see all the colour draining out of his face and suddenly his whole body was starting to shake like a big force was about to burst out of him . 
 ` ani ! 
 stop it ! ' 
 i said . 
 but how could she ? 
 she was n't really there . 
 i was sure he was going to hit her too . 
 but he did n't . 
 he whirled around and gave me a weird , disbelieving look and then he ran . 
 of course , i ran straight after him . 
 it was stupid , but i had to see . 
 had to know for sure if we 'd failed . 
 he jumped straight into the car . 
 started it with a sputter and a roar . 
 reversed hard , looking into his rear-vision mirror with no expression on his face . 
 so he did n't see it , because it was right behind him , leaning forward close to his window , as if it might be going to speak right into his ear . 
 at the end of the lane the car backed into the traffic and roared off . 
 it took me awhile to realize ani was beside me . 
 ` did you see it ? ' 
 i asked . 
 i looked at her , trying to tell if she was really with me . 
 she nodded but did n't speak . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 she nodded again , but there were tears streaming down her face . 
 dylan there was an incredible light , dazzling even with my eyes shut . 
 a red light through my lids . 
 and it was very hot on my face . 
 i was wrapped in someone 's arms . 
 warm limbs entangled with mine , arms around me and close to my face the stir of breathing . 
 even then i did n't open my eyes . 
 i was still half in an empty darkness . 
 it was the pain in my face that woke me . 
 and the choking smell of earth nearby . 
 and then i remembered . 
 i sat up fast . 
 indigo 's arms were tight around me and her dark head pressed into my chest . 
 she did n't release me or look up . 
 ani was sitting on my other side , washed out in the sunlight , blinking and shivering . 
 i could n't really remember how we came to be there . 
 beside me was the long flower box , half-demolished and spilling out onto the bricks , the white roots of the plants showing like veins . 
 my brain was still sluggish , but i was piecing it all together . 
 ` has he gone ? ' 
 a terrible pain shot through my jaw as i spoke and i grabbed it with both hands . 
 i felt indigo nod . 
 ` was i out long ? ' 
 i was trying to move my mouth as little as possible . 
 ` a minute maybe , ' indigo 's voice was muffled against me , she was holding on too tight to look up . 
 i was suffering from light saturation . 
 the colours were too much . 
 ani 's eyes too blue , the spilling greenery behind her so green it kind of ached . 
 even the sky -lrb- because i was lying down now , head-spinning -rrb- . 
 much too blue . 
 and the sun a white blaze at the edge of it , about to tip behind the wall . 
 even lying down , everything was starting to tilt . 
 i shut my eyes tight . 
 when i opened them indigo was looking down at me . 
 ` dylan , ' she said , kind of half whispering with excitement . 
 ` it 's gone . 
 i saw it go with him ! ' 
 i crushed her against me again , so tight she made a sound of semi-protest . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` ani scared the hell out of him and he ran away . ' 
 it was hard to believe . 
 ani looked like she was in some sort of shock , eyes round and vacant as a kewpie doll . 
 indigo followed my gaze then crawled over to her . 
 ` they 're both gone , ' she said . 
 ` do n't worry . ' 
 ani blinked . 
 ` and lily ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` you tell me , ' said indigo , in classic indigo fashion . 
 then she seemed to soften a bit and put her hand on ani 's arm . 
 ` i 'm sure there 's no more reason for her to come back . ' 
 as much as i was aching i was pretty blissed out now . 
 but indigo always knows how to spoil these moments . 
 ` well , now we know how to get rid of them , ' she said . 
 i turned and shaded my face to see her better . 
 she and ani were lost in a kind of bright haze , but she was definitely smiling . 
 i guess she was a little high from the relief . 
 ` it will be easier next time . ' 
 words kind of failed me for a bit . 
 ` you plan on picking up another one ? ' 
 ` no ! 
 when we help other people . 
 i mean , it 's bound to come up again at some stage . 
 now we know what to do . ' 
 ` oh ! ' 
 ani was brightening too . 
 ` dylan , that reminds me , i have something to go in your book . 
 you 're going to love it . ' 
 i pressed my eyes into the darkness of the crook of my elbow and took a deep , cleansing breath . 
 the smell of sun-warmed bricks really was good . 
 ` let 's just enjoy the moment , shall we ? 
 i 'll be happy if i never see anything like that again . ' 
 ` although , ' began indigo . 
 there was a silence and i looked over to see indigo 's face shadowed for a moment . 
 ` i feel kind of bad for anyone who 's followed . ' 
 ` forget about him , ' i said . 
 ` he should be rotting away in jail . ' 
 ani was looking alertly at me . 
 ` you 've broken your jaw , ' she said . 
 ` yes , ' i wanted to add ` well spotted ' , but it just was n't worth the pain . 
 ` oh , ' said indigo , suddenly hushed . 
 she scrambled up and offered me her hand . 
 ` well , we 'd better go to emergency again . ' 
 we walked slowly , almost leisurely , because although my face was swelling at an alarming rate and i could no longer really talk , it still felt like the actual emergency was over . 
 the park was a bright blur to my aching head , but i noticed when we passed the pool . 
 it looked peaceful . 
 ` i feel like it 's finished , ' said indigo , stopping for a moment . 
 ` nothing 's ever finished , ' said ani , instantly . 
 ` no . 
 this is finished , ' i said , with conviction . 
 my eyes watered with the pain of speaking , but it was worth it . 
 end **** the next installment of indigo 's story will be available soon at smashwords.com : -lsb- author page -rsb- about the author : i 'm based in victoria , australia and i write paranormal / gothic fiction . 
 indigo is my first novel available online . 
 it was written as a serial fiction , week by week . 
 you can read about the experience of writing this way on my blog . 
 i do n't think it 's for the faint hearted ! 
 indigo is set in carlton , an old suburb of melbourne where i used to live . 
 the creepy house she lives in is a real house that i lived in for a while . 
 the rest is entirely made up . 
 thank you for sharing my imaginary worlds ... connect with me online : twitter : http://twitter.com/@opheliakeys blog : http://opheliasfiction.wordpress.com/ 
