 wolves of darkness rerun by jackie williamson smashwords edition copyright 2010 jackie williamson chapter i the tracks in the snow involuntarily i paused , shuddering , on the snow-covered station platform . 
 a strange sound , weird , and some how appalling , filled the ghostly moonlight of the winter night . 
 a quavering and distant ululation , which prickled my body with chills colder than the piercing bite of the motionless , frozen air . 
 that unearthly , nerve-shredding sound , i knew , must be the howling of the gray prairie or _ lobo _ wolves , though i had not heard them since childhood . 
 but it carried a note of elemental terror which even the trembling apprehensions of boyhood had never given the voice of the great wolves . 
 there was something sharp , broken , about that eery clamor , far-off and deeply rhythmic as it was . 
 something -- and the thought brought a numbing chill of fear -- which suggested that the ululation came from straining human throats ! 
 striving to shake the phantasy from me , i hastened across the icy platform , and burst rather precipitately into the dingy waiting room . 
 it was brilliantly lit with unshaded electric bulbs . 
 a red-hot stove filled it with grateful heat . 
 but i was less thankful for the warmth than for the shutting out of that far-away howling . 
 beside the glowing stove a tall woman sat tense over greasy cards spread on the end of a packing box which she held between her knees , playing solitaire with strained , feverish attention . 
 she wore an ungainly leather coat , polished slick with wear . 
 one tanned cheek bulged with tobacco , and her lips were amber-stained . 
 she seemed oddly startled by my abrupt entrance . 
 with a sudden , frightened movement , she pushed aside the box , and sprang to her feet . 
 for a moment her eyes were anxiously upon me ; then she seemed to sigh with relief . 
 she opened the stove door , and expectorated into the roaring flames , then sank back into her chair . 
 ` howdy , miss , ' she said , in a drawl that was a little strained and husky . 
 ` you sort of scairt me . 
 you was so long comin ' in that i figgered nobody got off . ' ' 
 i stopped to listen to the wolves , ' i told her . 
 ` they sound weird , do n't they ? ' 
 * * * * she searched my face with strange , fearful eyes . 
 for a long time she did not speak . 
 then she said briskly , ` well , miss , what kin i do for ye ? ' 
 as i advanced toward the stove , she added , ` i 'm mika connell , the station agent . ' 
 ` my name is cloris mclaurin , ' i told her . ' 
 i want to find my mother , dr. floor mclaurin . 
 she lives on a ranch near here . ' 
 ` so you 're doc mclaurin 's girl , eh ? ' 
 connell said , warming visibly . 
 she rose , smiling and shifting her wad of tobacco to the other cheek , and took my hand . 
 ` yes , ' i said . 
 ` have you seen her lately ? 
 three days ago i had a strange telegram from her . 
 she asked me to come at once . 
 it seems that she 's somehow in trouble . 
 do you know anything about it ? ' 
 connell looked at me queerly . 
 ` no , ' she said at last . ' 
 i ai n't seen her lately . 
 none of 'em off the ranch ai n't been in to hebron for two or three weeks . 
 the snow is the deepest in years , you know , and it ai n't easy to git around . 
 i dunno how they could have sent a telegram , though , without comin ' to town . 
 and they ai n't none of us seen 'em ! ' 
 ` have you got to know dad ? ' 
 i inquired , alarmed more deeply . 
 ` no , not to say real well , ' the agent admitted . 
 ` but i seen her and jetton and jetton 's gal often enough when they come into hebron , here . 
 quite a bit of stuff has come for 'em to the station , here . 
 crates and boxes , marked like they was scientific apparatus-i dunno what . 
 but a right purty gal , that steele jetton . 
 purty as a picture . ' 
 ` it 's three years since i 've seen dad , ' i said , confiding in the agent in hope of winning her approval and whatever aid she might be able to give me in reaching the ranch , over the unusual fall of snow that blanketed the west texas plains . 
 ` i 've been in medical college in the east . 
 have n't seen dad since she came out here to texas three years ago . ' 
 ` you 're from the east , eh ? ' 
 ` new york . 
 but i spent a couple of years out here with my aunt when i was a kid . 
 dad inherited the ranch from , him . ' 
 ` yeah , old toma mclaurin was a friend of mine , ' the agent told me . 
 * * * * it was three years since my mother had left the chair of astrophysics at an eastern university , to come here to the lonely ranch to carry on her original experiments . 
 the legacy from her sister toma , besides the ranch itself , had included a small fortune in money , which had made it possible for her to give up her academic position and to devote her entire time to the abstruse problems upon which she had been working . 
 being more interested in medical than in mathematical science , i had not followed mother 's work completely , though i used to help her with her experiments , when she had to perform them in a cramped flat , with pitifully limited equipment . 
 i knew , however , that she had worked out an extension of weyl 's non-euclidean geometry in a direction quite different from those chosen by eddington and einstein -- and whose implications , as regards the structure of our universe , were stupendous . 
 her new theory of the wave-electron , which completed the wrecking of the bohr planetary atom , had been as sensational . 
 the proof her theory required was the exact comparison of the velocity of beams of light at right angles . 
 the experiment required a large , open field , with a clear atmosphere , free from dust or smoke ; hence her choosing the ranch as a site upon which to complete the work . 
 since i wished to remain in college , and could help her no longer , she had employed as an assistant and collaborator , dr. blake jetton , who was herself well known for her remarkable papers upon the propagation of light , and the recent modifications of the quantum theory . 
 dr. jetton , like my mother , was a widower . 
 she had a single child , a son named steele . 
 he had been spending several months of each year with them on the ranch . 
 while i had not seen his many times , i could agree with the station agent that he was pretty . 
 as a matter of fact i had thought his singularly attractive . 
 * * * * three days before , i had received the telegram from my mother . 
 a strangely worded and alarming message , imploring me to come to her with all possible haste . 
 it stated that her life was in danger , though no hint had been given as to what the danger might be . 
 unable to understand the message , i had hastened to my rooms for a few necessary articles -- among them , a little automatic pistol -- and had lost no time in boarding a fast train . 
 i had found the texas panhandle covered with nearly a foot of snow -- the winter was the most severe in several years . 
 and that weird and terrible howling had greeted me ominously when i swung from the train at the lonely village of hebron . 
 ` the wire was urgent -- most urgent , ' i told connell . ' 
 i must get out to the ranch to-night , if it 's at all possible . 
 you know of any way i could go ? ' 
 for some time she was silent , watching me , with dread in her eyes . 
 ` no , i do n't , ' she said presently . 
 ` ten mile to the ranch . 
 and they ai n't a soul lives on the road . 
 the snow is nigh a foot deep . 
 i doubt a car would make it . 
 ye might git sam judson to haul you over tomorrow in her wagon . ' ' 
 i wonder if she would take me out to-night ? ' 
 i inquired . 
 the agent shook her head uneasily , peered nervously out at the glistening , moonlit desert of snow beyond the windows , and seemed to be listening anxiously . 
 i remembered the weird , distant howling i had heard as i walked across the platform , and could hardly restrain a shiver of my own . 
 ` naw , i think not ! ' 
 connell said abruptly . 
 ` it ai n't healthy to git out at night around here , lately . ' 
 * * * * she paused a moment , and then asked suddenly , darting a quick , uneasy glance at my face , ' i reckon you heard the howlin ' ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 wolves ? ' 
 ` yeah -- anyhow , i reckon so . 
 queer . 
 damn queer ! 
 they ai n't been any loafers around these parts for ten years , till we heard 'em jest after the last blizzard . ' 
 -lrb- ` loafer ` appeared to be a local corruption of the spanish word lobo applied to the gray prairie wolf , which is much larger than the coyote , and was a dreaded enemy of the rancher in the southwest until its practical extermination . -rrb- 
 ` seems to be a reg ` lar pack of the critters rovin ' the range , ' connell went on . 
 ` they 've killed quite a few cattle in the last few weeks , and -- ` she paused , lowering her voice , ` and five people ! ' 
 ` the wolves have killed people ! ' 
 i exclaimed . 
 ` yeah , ' she said slowly . 
 ` josh wells and her hand were took two weeks ago , come friday , while they was out ridin ' the range . 
 and the simms ' are gone . 
 the old woman and her man and little dolly . 
 took right out of the cow-pen , i reckon , while they was milkin ' . 
 it ai n't two mile out of town to their place . 
 rufe smith was out that way to see 'em sunday . 
 cattle dead in the pen , and the smashed milk buckets lying in a drift of snow under the shed . 
 and not a sign of simms and her family ! ' ' 
 i never heard of wolves taking people that way ! ' 
 i was incredulous . 
 connell shifted her wad of tobacco again , and whispered , ' i did n't neither . 
 but , miss , these here ai n't ordinary wolves ! ' 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 i demanded . 
 ` wall , after the simms ' was took , we got up a sort of posse , and went out to hunt the critters . 
 we did n't find no wolves . 
 but we did find tracks in the snow . 
 the wolves is plumb gone in the daytime ! 
 ` tracks in the snow , ' she repeated slowly , as if her mind were dwelling dazedly upon some remembered horror . 
 ` miss , them wolf tracks was too tarnation far apart to be made by any ordinary beast . 
 the critters must ` a ' been jumpin ' thirty feet ! 
 ` and they war n't all wolf tracks , neither . 
 miss , part was wolf tracks . 
 and part was tracks of bare human feet ! ' 
 * * * * with that , connell fell silent , staring at me strangely , with a queer look of utter terror in her eyes . 
 i was staggered . 
 there was , of course , some element of incredulity in my feelings . 
 but the agent did not look at all like the woman who has just perpetrated a successful wild story , for there was genuine horror in her eyes . 
 and i recalled that i had fancied human tones in the strange , distant howling i had heard . 
 there was no good reason to believe that i had merely encountered a local superstition . 
 widespread as the legends of lycanthropy may be , i have yet to hear a whispered tale of werewolves related by a west texan . 
 and the agent 's story had been too definite and concrete for me to imagine it an idle fabrication or an ungrounded fear . 
 ` the message from my mothers was very urgent , ' i told connell presently . ' 
 i must get out to the ranch to-night . 
 if the woman you mentioned wo n't take me , i 'll hire a horse and ride . ' 
 ` judson is a damn fool if she 'll git out to-night where them wolves is ! ' 
 the agent said with conviction . 
 ` but there 's nothing to keep ye from askin ' her to go . 
 i reckon she ai n't gone to bed yet . 
 she lives in the white house , jest around the corner behind brice 's store . ' 
 she stepped out upon the platform behind me to point the way . 
 and as soon as the door was opened , we heard again that rhythmic , deep , far-off ululation , that weirdly mournful howling , from far across the moonlit plain of snow . 
 i could not repress a shudder . 
 and connell , after pointing out to me sam judson 's house , among the straggling few that constituted the village of hebron , got very hastily back inside the depot , and shut the door behind her . 
 chapter ii the pack that ran by moonlight sam judson owned and cultivated a farm nearly a mile from hebron , but had moved her house into the village so that her husband could keep the post-office . 
 i hurried toward her house , through the icy streets , very glad that hebron was able to afford the luxury of electric lights . 
 the distant howling of the wolf-pack filled me with a vague and inexplicable dread . 
 but it did not diminish my determination to reach my mother 's ranch as soon as possible , to solve the riddle of the strange and alarming telegram she had sent me . 
 judson came to the door when i knocked . 
 she was a heavy woman , clad in faded , patched blue overalls , and brown flannel shirt . 
 her head was almost completely bald , and her naked scalp was tanned until it resembled brown leather . 
 her wide face was covered with a several weeks ' growth of black locks . 
 nervously , fearfully , she scanned my face . 
 she led me to the kitchen , in the rear of the house -- a small , dingy room , the walls covered with an untidy array of pots and pans . 
 the cook stove was hot ; she had , from appearances , been sitting with her feet in the oven , reading a newspaper , which now lay on the floor . 
 she had me sit down , and , when i took the creaking chair , i told her my name . 
 she said that she knew my mother , dr. mclaurin , who got her mail at the post-office which was in the front room . 
 but it had been three weeks , she said , since anyone had been to town from the ranch . 
 perhaps because the snow made traveling difficult , she said . 
 there were five persons now staying out there , she told me . 
 my mother and dr. jetton , her son , steele , and two hired mechanics from amarillo . 
 i told her about the telegram , which i had received three days before . 
 and she suggested that my mother , if she had sent it , might have come to town at night , and mailed it to the telegraph office with the money necessary to send it . 
 but she thought it strange that she had not spoken to anyone , or been seen . 
 then i told judson that i wanted her to drive me out to the ranch , at once . 
 at the request her manner changed ; she seemed frightened ! 
 ` no hurry about starting to-night , is there , ms. mclaurin ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` we can put you up in the spare room , and i 'll take ye over in the wagon to-morrow . 
 it 's a long drive to make at night . ' 
 * * * * i 'm very anxious to get there , ' i said . 
 ` i 'm worried about my mother . 
 something was wrong when she telegraphed . 
 very much wrong . 
 i 'll pay you enough to make it worth while . ' 
 ` it ai n't the money , ' she told me . 
 ` i 'd be glad to do it for a daughter of doc mclaurin 's . 
 but i reckon you heard -- the wolves ? ' 
 ` yes , i heard them . 
 and connell , at the station , told me something about them . 
 they 've been hunting women ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 for a little time judson was silent , staring at me with strange eyes from her hairy face . 
 then she said , ` and that ai n't all . 
 some of us seen the tracks . 
 and they 's women runnin ' with 'em ! ' 
 ` but i must get out to see my mother , ' i insisted . 
 ` we should be safe enough in a wagon . 
 and i suppose you have a gun ? ' ' 
 i have a gun , all right , ' judson admitted . 
 ` but i ai n't anxious to face them wolves ! ' 
 i insisted , quite ignorant of the peril into which i was dragging her . 
 finally , when i offered her fifty dollars for the trip , she capitulated . 
 but she was going , she said -- and i believed her -- more to oblige a friend than for the money . 
 she went into the bedroom , where her husband was already asleep , roused him , and told his she was going to make the trip . 
 he was rather startled , as i judged from the sound of his voice , but mollified when he learned that there was to be a profit of fifty dollars . 
 he got up , a tall and most singular figure in a purple flannel nightgown , with nightcap to match , and busied himself making us a pot of coffee on the hot stove , and finding blankets for us to wrap about us in the farm wagon , for the night was very cold . 
 judson , meanwhile , lit a kerosene lantern , which was hardly necessary in the brilliant moonlight , and went to the barn behind the house to get ready the vehicle . 
 * * * * half an hour later we were driving out of the little village , in a light wagon , behind two gray horses . 
 their hoofs broke through the crust of the snow at every step , and the wagon wheels cut into it steadily , with a curious crunching sound . 
 our progress was slow , and i anticipated a tedious trip of several hours . 
 we sat together on the spring seat , heavily muffled up , with blankets over our knees . 
 the air was bitterly cold , but there was no wind , and i expected to be comfortable enough . 
 judson had strapped on an ancient revolver , and we had a repeating rifle and a double barrel shotgun leaning against our knees . 
 but despite our arms , i could not quite succeed in quieting the vague fears raised by the wolf-pack , whose quavering , unearthly wail was never still . 
 once outside the village of hebron , we were surrounded on all sides by a white plain of snow , almost as level as a table-top . 
 it was broken only by the insignificant rows of posts which supported wire fences ; these fences seemed to be judson 's only landmarks . 
 the sky was flooded with ghostly opalescence , and a million diamonds of frost glittered on the snow . 
 for perhaps an hour and a half , nothing remarkable happened . 
 the lights of hebron grew pale and faded behind us . 
 we passed no habitation upon the illimitable desert of snow . 
 the eery , heart-stilling ululation of the wolves , however , grew continually louder . 
 and presently the uncanny , wailing sounds changed position . 
 judson quivered beside me , and spoke nervously to the gray horses , plodding on through the snow . 
 then she turned to face me , spoke shortly . ' 
 i figger they 're sweeping in behind us , ms. mclaurin . ' 
 ` well , if they do , you can haul some of them back , to skin tomorrow , ' i told her . 
 i had meant it to sound cheerful . 
 but my voice was curiously dry , and its tones rang false in my ears . 
 * * * * for some minutes more we drove on in silence . 
 suddenly i noticed a change in the cry of the pack . 
 the deep , strange rhythm of it was suddenly quickened . 
 its eery wailing plaintiveness seemed to give place to a quick , eager yelping . 
 but it was still queerly unfamiliar . 
 and there was something weirdly ventriloquial about it , so that we could not tell precisely from which direction it came . 
 the rapid , belling notes seemed to come from a dozen points scattered over the brilliant , moonlit waste behind us . 
 the horses became alarmed . 
 they pricked up their ears , looked back , and went on more eagerly . 
 i saw that they were trembling . 
 one of them snorted suddenly . 
 the abrupt sound jarred my jangled nerves , and i clutched convulsively at the side of the wagon . 
 judson held the reins firmly , with her feet braced against the end of the wagon box . 
 she was speaking softly and soothingly to the quivering grays ; but for that , they might already have been running . 
 she turned to me and muttered : ` i 've heard wolves . 
 and they do n't sound like that . 
 them ai n't ordinary wolves ! ' 
 and as i listened fearfully to the terrible baying of the pack , i knew that she was right . 
 those strange ululations had an unfamiliar , an alien , note . 
 there was a weird , terrible something about the howling that was not of this earth . 
 it is hard to describe it , because it was so utterly foreign . 
 it comes to me that if there are wolves on the ancient , age-dead deserts of mars , they might cry in just that way , as they run some helpless creature to merciless death . 
 malevolent were those belling notes , foul and hateful . 
 rioting with an infernal power of evil alien to this earth . 
 strong with the primal wickedness of the cosmic wastes . 
 ` reckon they are on the trail , ' judson said suddenly , in a low , strained voice . 
 ` look behind us . ' 
 * * * * i turned in the spring seat , peered back over the limitless flat desolation of sparkling , moonlit snow . 
 for a few minutes i strained my eyes in vain , though the terrible belling of the unseen pack grew swiftly louder . 
 then i saw leaping gray specks , far behind us across the snow . 
 by rights , a wolf should have floundered rather slowly through the thick snow , for the crust was not strong enough to hold up so heavy an animal . 
 but the things i saw -- fleet , formless gray shadows -- were coming by great bounds , with astounding speed . ' 
 i see them , ' i told judson tremulously . 
 ` take the lines , ' she said , pushing the reins at me , and snatching up the repeating rifle . 
 she twisted in the seat , and began to fire . 
 the horses were trembling and snorting . 
 despite the cold , sweat was raining from their heaving bodies . 
 abruptly , after judson had begun to shoot , they took the bits in their teeth and bolted , plunging and floundering through the snow , dragging the wagon . 
 tug and jerk at the reins as i would , i could do nothing with them . 
 judson had soon emptied the rifle . 
 i doubt that she had hit any of the howling animals that ran behind us , for accurate shooting from the swaying , jolting wagon would have been impossible . 
 and our wildly bounding pursuers would have been difficult marks , even if the wagon had been still . 
 judson dropped the empty rifle into the wagon box , and turned a white , frightened face toward me . 
 her mouth was open , her eyes protruding with terror . 
 she shouted something incoherent , which i did not grasp , and snatched at the reins . 
 apparently insane with fear , she cursed the leaping grays , and lashed at them , as if thinking to outrun the pack . 
 * * * * for a little time i clung to the side of the rocking wagon . 
 then the snorting horses turned suddenly , almost breaking the wagon tongue . 
 we were nearly upset . 
 the spring seat was dislodged from its position , and fell into the wagon box . 
 i was thrown half over the side of the wagon . 
 for another agonized moment i tried to scramble back . 
 then the grays plunged forward again , and i was flung into the snow . 
 i broke through the thin crust . 
 the thick , soft snow beneath checked the force of my fall . 
 in a few moments i had floundered to my feet , and was clawing madly at my face , to get the white , powdery stuff away from my eyes . 
 the wagon was already a hundred yards away . 
 the fear-maddened horses were still running , with judson standing erect in the wagon , sawing wildly at the reins , but powerless to curb them . 
 they had been turning abruptly when i was thrown out . 
 now they were plunging back toward the weirdly baying pack ! 
 judson , screaming and cursing , crazed with terror , was being carried back toward the dimly seen , gray , leaping shapes whose uncanny howling sobbed so dreadfully through the moonlight . 
 horror came over me , like a great , soul-chilling wave . 
 i felt an insane desire to run across the snow , to run and run until i could not hear the wailing of the strange pack . 
 with an effort i controlled myself , schooled my trembling limbs , swallowed to wet my dry throat . 
 i knew that my poor , floundering run could never distance the amazingly fleet gray shapes that bounded through the silver haze of moonlight toward the wagon . 
 and i reminded myself that i had a weapon , a .25 caliber automatic pistol , slung beneath my shoulder . 
 something about the strange message from my mother had made me fasten on the deadly little weapon , and slip a few extra clips of ammunition into my pockets . 
 with trembling hands , i pulled off a glove and fumbled inside my garments for the little weapon . 
 * * * * at last i drew out the heavy little automatic , gratefully warm with the heat of my body , and snapped back the slide to be sure that a cartridge was in the chamber . 
 then i stood there , in a bank of powdery snow that came nearly to my knees , and waited . 
 the dismal , alien howl of the pack froze me into a queer paralysis of fear . 
 and then i was the horrified spectator of a ghastly tragedy . 
 the wagon must have been four hundred yards from me , across the level , glistening snow , when the dim gray shapes of the baying pack left the trail and ran straight across toward it . 
 i saw little stabs of yellow flame , heard sharp reports of guns , and the thin , whistling screams of bullets . 
 judson , i suppose , had dropped the reins and was trying to defend herself with the rifle and shotgun , and her old-fashioned revolver . 
 the vague gray shapes surrounded the wagon . 
 i heard the scream of an agonized horse -- except for the unearthly howling of that pack , the most terrible , nerve-wracking sound i know . 
 a struggling mass of faintly seen figures seemed to surround the wagon . 
 there were a few more shots , then a shriek , which rang fearfully over the snow , bearing an agony of pain and terror that is inconceivable ... i knew it came from judson . 
 after that , the only sound was the strange , blood-congealing belling of the pack -- an awful outcry that had not been stilled . 
 soon -- fearfully soon -- that alien ululation seemed to be drawing nearer . 
 and i saw gray shapes come bounding down the trail , away from the grim scene of the tragedy -- toward me ! 
 chapter iii the wolf and the woman i can give no conception of the stark , maddened terror that seized me when i knew that the gray animals were running on my trail . 
 my heart seemed to pause , until i thought i would grow dizzy and fall . 
 then it was thumping loudly in my throat . 
 my body was suddenly cold with sweat . 
 my muscles knotted until i was gripping the automatic with painful force . 
 i had determined not to run , for it was madness to try to escape the pack . 
 but my resolution to stand my ground was nothing in the face of the fear that obsessed me . 
 i plunged across the level waste of snow . 
 my feet broke through the thin crust . 
 i floundered along , with laboring lungs . 
 the snow seemed tripping me like a malevolent demon . 
 many times i stumbled , it seemed . 
 and twice i sprawled in the snow , and scrambled desperately to my feet , and struggled on again , sobbing with terror , gasping in the cold air . 
 but my flight was cut short . 
 the things that ran behind me could travel many times faster than i. turning , when i must have gone less than a hundred yards , i saw them drawing near behind me , still vague gray shapes in the moonlight . 
 i now perceived that only two had followed . 
 abruptly i recalled the little automatic in my hand . 
 i raised it , and emptied it , firing as rapidly as i could . 
 but if i hit either of those bounding gray figures , they certainly were invulnerable to my bullets . 
 i had sought in my pocket for another clip , and was trying with quivering fingers to slip it into the gun , when those things came near enough , in a milky haze of moonlight , to be seen distinctly . 
 then my hands closed in rigid paralysis upon the gun -- i was too astounded and unstrung to complete the operation of loading . 
 one of those two gray shapes was a wolf . 
 a gaunt prairie wolf , covered with long , shaggy hair . 
 a huge beast , she must have stood three feet high at the shoulder . 
 she was not standing now , however , but coming toward me with great leaps that covered many yards . 
 her great eyes glowed with a weird , greenish , unnatural light -- terrible and strange and somehow hypnotic . 
 and the others was a boy . 
 * * * * it was incredible . 
 it numbed and staggered my terror-dazed mind . 
 at first i thought it must be a hallucination . 
 but as he came nearer , advancing with long , bounding steps , as rapidly as the gray wolf , i could no longer discredit my eyes . 
 i recalled the weird suggestion of a human voice i had caught in the unearthly cry of the pack ; recalled what connell and judson had told me of human footprints mingled with those of wolves in the trail the pack had left . 
 he was clad very lightly , to be abroad in the bitter cold of the winter night . 
 apparently , he wore only a torn , flimsy slip , of thin white silk , which hung from one shoulder , and came not quite to his knees . 
 his head was bare , and his hair , seeming in the moonlight to be an odd , pale yellow , was short and tangled . 
 his smooth arms and small hands , his legs , and even his flashing feet , were bare . 
 his skin was white , with a cold , leprous , bloodless whiteness . 
 almost as white as the snow . 
 and his eyes shone green . 
 they were like the gray wolf 's eyes , blazing with a terrible emerald flame , with the fire of an alien , unearthly life . 
 they were malevolent , merciless , hideous . 
 they were cold as the cosmic wastes beyond the light of stars . 
 they burned with an evil light , with a malicious intelligence , stronger and more fearful than that of any being on earth . 
 across his lips , and his cheeks of alabaster whiteness , was a darkly red and dripping smear , almost black by moonlight . 
 i stood like a wooden woman , nerveless with incredulous horror . 
 on came the boy and the wolf , springing side by side through the snow . 
 they seemed to have preternatural strength , an agility beyond that of nature . 
 as they came nearer , i received another shock of terror . 
 the man 's face was familiar , for all its dreadful pallor and the infernal evil of the green , luminous eyes , and the red stain on his lips and cheeks . 
 he was a boy whom i had known . 
 a boy whom i had admired , whom i had even dreamed that i might come to love . 
 he was steele jetton ! 
 this boy was the lovely son of dr. blake jetton , whom , as i have said , my mother had brought with her to this texas ranch , to assist with her revolutionary experiments . 
 * * * * it came to me that he had been changed in some fearful way . 
 for this could be no sane , ordinary human boy -- this strange , green-eyed being , half-clad , white-skinned , who ran over the moonlit snow beside a gaunt gray wolf , with dripping red upon his fearfully pallid skin ! 
 ` steele ! ' 
 i cried . 
 more a scream of frightened , anguished unbelief , than a human voice , the name came from my fear-parched throat . 
 i was startled at my own call , hoarse , inchoate , gasping . 
 the huge gray wolf came directly at me , as if it were going to spring at my throat . 
 but it stopped crouching in the snow , watching me with alert and strange intelligence in its dreadful green eyes . 
 and the man came even nearer , before he paused , standing with bare feet in the snow , and stared at me with terrible eyes like those of the wolf -- luminous and green and filled with an evil , alien will . 
 the face , ghastly white , and fearfully red-stained as it was , was the face of steele jetton . 
 but the eyes were not his ! 
 no , the eyes were not steele 's ! 
 they were the eyes of some hideous monstrosity . 
 the eyes of some inconceivable , malevolent entity , from some frozen hell of the far-off , night-black cosmic void ! 
 then he spoke . 
 the voice had some little of its old , familiar ring . 
 but there was a new , strange note in it . 
 a note that bore the foreign , menacing mystery of the eyes and the leprous skin . 
 a note that had a suggestion of the dismal , wailing ululation of the pack that had followed us . 
 ` yes , steele jetton , ' the dreadful voice said . 
 ` what are you called ? 
 are you cloris mclaurin ? 
 did you receive a telegram ? ' 
 he did not know me , apparently . 
 even the wording of his sentences was a little strange , as if he were speaking a language with which he was not very familiar . 
 the delightful , human boy i had known was fearly changed : it was as if his fair body had been seized by some demoniac entity . 
 * * * * it occurred to me that he must be afflicted with some form of insanity , which had given his the almost preternatural strength which he had displayed in running with the wolf-pack . 
 cases of lycanthropy , in which the sufferer imagines herself a wolf -- or sometimes a tiger or some other animal -- and imitates its actions , have been common enough in the annals of the insane . 
 but if this is lycanthropy , i thought , it must indeed be a singular case . 
 ` yes , i 'm cloris mclaurin , ' i said , in a shaken voice . ' 
 i got dad 's telegram three days ago . 
 tell me what 's wrong -- why she worded the message as she did ! ' 
 ` nothing is wrong , my friend , ' this strange man said . 
 ` we merely desired your assistance with certain experiments , of a great strangeness , which we are undertaking to perform . 
 your mother now waits at the ranch , and i came to conduct you to her . ' 
 this singular speech was almost incredible . 
 i could accept it only on the assumption that the speaker suffered from some dreadful derangement of the mind . 
 ` you came to meet me ? ' 
 i exclaimed , fighting the horror that almost overwhelmed me . 
 ` steele , you must n't be out in the cold without more wraps . 
 you must take my coat . ' 
 i began to strip off the garment . 
 but , as i had somehow expected , he refused to accept it . 
 ` no , i do not need it , ' his strange voice told me . 
 ` the cold does not harm this body . 
 and you must come with us , now . 
 your mother waits for us at the house , to perform the great experiment . ' 
 he said us ! 
 it gave me new horror to notice that he thus classed the huge gaunt wolf with himself . 
 then he sprang forward with an incredible agility , leaping through the snow in the direction in which judson and i had been traveling . 
 with a naked , dead-white arm , he beckoned me to follow . 
 and the great , gray wolf sprang behind me . 
 nerved to sudden action , i recalled the half-loaded automatic in my hand . 
 i snapped the fresh clip into position , jerked back the slide mechanism to get a cartridge into the breech , and then emptied the gun into that green-orbed wolf . 
 * * * * a strange composure had come over me . 
 my motions were calm enough , almost deliberate . 
 i know that my hand did not shake . 
 the wolf was standing still , only a few yards away . 
 it is unlikely that i missed her at all , impossible that i missed her with every shot . 
 i know that i hit her several times , for i heard the bullets drive into her gaunt body , saw the animal jerk beneath their impact , and noticed gray hairs float from it in the moonlight . 
 but she did not fall . 
 her terrible green eyes never wavered in their sinister stare of infernal evil . 
 just as the gun was empty -- it had taken me only a few seconds to fire the seven shots -- i heard an angry , wolfish snarl from the man , from the strange monster that steele jetton had become . 
 i had half turned when his white body came hurtling at me like a projectile . 
 i went down beneath him , instinctively raising an arm to guard my throat . 
 it is well that i did , for i felt his teeth sinking into my arm and shoulder , as we fell together into the snow . 
 i am sure that i screamed with the horror of it . 
 i fought at his madly , until i heard his strange , non-human voice again . 
 ` you need not be afraid , ' it said . 
 ` we are not going to kill you . 
 we wish you to aid with a greatly remarkable experiment . 
 for that reason , you must come with us . 
 your mother waits . 
 the wolf is our friend , and will not harm you . 
 and your weapon will not hurt it . ' 
 a curious , half-articulate yelp came from the throat of the great wolf , which had not moved since i shot at it , as if it had understood his words and gave affirmation . 
 the man was still upon me , holding me flat in the snow , his bared , bloody teeth above my face , his fingers sunk claw-like into my body with almost preternatural strength . 
 a low , bestial , growling sound came from his throat , and then he spoke again . 
 ` you will now come with us , to the house where your mother waits , to perform the experiment ? ' 
 he demanded in that terrible voice , with its suggestion of the wolf-pack 's weird cry . 
 ` i 'll come , ' i agreed , relieved somewhat to discover that the strange pair of beasts did not propose to devour me on the spot . 
 the man -- i can not call his steele , for except in body , he was not steele ! 
 -- helped me to my feet . 
 he made no objection when i bent , and picked up the automatic , which lay in the snow , and slipped it into my coat pocket . 
 * * * * he and the gaunt gray wolf , which my bullets had so strangely failed to kill , leaped away together over the moonlit snow . 
 i followed , floundering along as rapidly as i could , my mind filled with confused and terror-numbed conjecture . 
 there was now no doubt remaining in my mind that the man thought himself a member of the wolf-pack , no doubt that he actually was a member . 
 a curious sympathy certainly seemed to exist between his and the great gaunt wolf beside him . 
 it must be some strange form of lunacy , i thought , though i had never read of a lycanthrope whose symptoms were exaggerated to the terrible extent that his appeared to be . 
 it is well known that maniacs have unnatural strength , but his feats of running and leaping across the snow were almost beyond reason . 
 but there was that about his which even the theory of insanity did not explain . 
 the corpse-like pallor of his skin ; the terrible green luminosity of his eyes ; the way he spoke -- as if english were an unfamiliar tongue to him , but half mastered . 
 and there was something even more indefinite : a strangeness that smacked of the alien life of forbidden universes ! 
 the pace set for me by the man and the wolf was mercilessly rapid . 
 stumble along as best i could , i was unable to move as fast as they wished . 
 nor was i allowed to fall behind , for when i lagged , the wolf came back , and snarled at me menacingly . 
 before i had floundered along many miles , my lungs aching , and i was half blind with fatigue . 
 i stumbled and sprawled in the soft snow a last time . 
 my tortured muscles refused to respond when i tried to rise . 
 i lay there , ready to endure whatever the wolf might do , rather than undergo the agony of further effort . 
 but this time the man came back . 
 i was half unconscious , but i realized vaguely that he was lifting me , raising me to his shoulders . 
 after that , my eyes were closed ; i was too weary to watch my surroundings . 
 but i knew dimly , from my sensations of swaying , that i was being carried . 
 presently the toxins of exhaustion overcame my best efforts to keep my senses . 
 i fell into the deep sleep of utter fatigue , forgetting that my limbs were growing very cold , and that i was being borne upon the back of a man endowed with the instincts of a wolf and the strength of a demon ; a man who , when i had last seen him , had been all human and lovable ! 
 chapter iv a strange homecoming never can i forget the sensations of my awakening . 
 i opened my eyes upon gloom relieved but faintly by dim red light . 
 i lay upon a bed or couch , swathed in blankets . 
 hands that even to my chilled body seemed ice-cold were chafing my arms and legs . 
 and terrible greenish orbs were swimming above in the terrible crimson darkness , staring down at me , horribly . 
 alarmed , recalling what had happened in the moonlight as a vague , hideous nightstallion , i collected my scattered senses , and struggled to a sitting position among the blankets . 
 it is odd , but the first definite thing that came to my confused brain was an impression of the ugly green flowers in monotonous rows across the dingy , brown-stained wallpaper . 
 in the red light that filled the room they appeared unpleasantly black , but still they awakened an ancient memory . 
 i knew that i was in the dining room of the old ranch house , where i had come to spend two years with my aunt , toma mclaurin , many years before . 
 the weirdly illuminated chamber was sparsely furnished . 
 the couch upon which i lay stood against one wall . 
 opposite was a long table , with half a dozen chairs pushed under it . 
 near the end of the room was a large heating stove , with a full scuttle of coal and a box of split pine kindling behind it . 
 there was no fire in the stove , and the room was very cold . 
 my breath was a white cloud in that frosty atmosphere . 
 the dim crimson light came from a small electric lantern standing on the long table . 
 it had been fitted with a red bulb , probably for use in a photographer 's dark room . 
 all those impressions i must have gathered almost subconsciously , for my horrified mind was absorbed with the persons in the room . 
 my mothers was bending over me , rubbing my hands . 
 and steele was chafing my feet , which stuck out beneath the blankets . 
 and my mothers was changed as weirdly , as dreadfully , as the boy , steele ! 
 her skin was a cold , bloodless white -- white with the pallor of death . 
 her hands , against my own , felt fearfully cold -- as cold as those of a frozen corpse . 
 and her eyes , watching me with a strange , terrible alertness , shone with a greenish light . 
 her eyes were like steele 's - and like those of the great gray wolf . 
 they were agleam with the fire of cosmic evil , with the light of an alien , hellish intelligence ! 
 * * * * and the woma -- the dread thing that had been lovely steele -- was unchanged . 
 his skin was still fearfully pallid , and his eyes strange and luminously green . 
 the stain was still on his pale face , appearing black in the somber crimson light . 
 there was no fire in the stove . 
 but , despite the bitter cold of the room , the man was still clad as he had been before , in a sheer slip of white silk , half torn from his white body . 
 my mother -- or that which had once been my mother -- wore only a light cotton shirt , with the sleeves torn off , and a pair of ragged trousers . 
 her feet and arms were bare . 
 another fearful thing i noticed . 
 my breath , as i said , condensed in white clouds of frozen crystals , in the frigid air . 
 but no white mists came from steele 's nostrils , or from my mother 's . 
 from outside , i could hear the dismal , uncanny keening of the running pack . 
 and from time to time the two looked uneasily toward the door , as if anxious to go to join them . 
 i had been sitting up , staring confusedly and incredulously about , before my mother spoke . 
 ` we are glad to see you , cloris , ' she said , rather stiffly , and without emotion , not at all in her usual jovial , affectionate manner . 
 ` you seem to be cold . 
 but you will presently be normal again . 
 we have surprising need of you , in the performance of an experiment , which we can not accomplish without your assistance . ' 
 she spoke slowly , uncertainly , as a foreigner might who has attempted to learn english from a dictionary . 
 i was at a loss to understand it , even if i assumed that she and steele both suffered from a mental derangement . 
 and her voice was somehow whining ; it carried a note weirdly suggestive of the howling of the pack . 
 ` you will help us ? ' 
 steele demanded in the same dreadful tones . 
 ` explain it ! 
 please explain everything ! ' 
 i burst out . 
 ` or i 'll go crazy ! 
 why were you running with the wolves ? 
 why are your eyes so bright and green , your skins so deathly white ? 
 why are you both so cold ? 
 why the red light ? 
 why do n't you have a fire ? ' 
 i babbled my questions , while they stood there in the strange room , and silently stared at me with their horrible eyes . 
 * * * * for minutes , perhaps , they were silent . 
 then an expression of crafty intelligence came into my mother 's eyes , and she spoke again in those fearful tones , with their ring of the baying pack . 
 ` cloris , ' she said , ` you know we came here for purposes of studying science . 
 and a great discovery has been ours to make ; a huge discovery relating to the means of life . 
 our bodies , they are changed , as you appear to see . 
 better machines they have become ; stronger they are . 
 cold harms them not , as it does yours . 
 even our sight is better , so bright lights we no longer need . 
 ` but we are yet lacking of perfect success . 
 our minds were changed , so that we do not remember all that once it had been ours to accomplish . 
 and it is you whom we desire to be our assistant in replacing a machine of ours , that has been broken . 
 it is you that we wish to aid us , so that to all humanity we may bring the gift of the new life , that is ever strong , and knows not death . 
 all people we would change with the new science that it has been ours to discover . ' 
 ` you mean you want to make the human race into monsters like yourselves ? ' 
 i cried . 
 my mother snarled ferociously , like a beast of prey . 
 ` all women will receive the gift of life like ours , ' her strange voice said . 
 ` death will be no more . 
 and your aid is required by us -- and it we will have ! ' 
 there was intense , malefic menace in her tones . 
 ` it is yours to be our aid . 
 you will refuse not ! ' 
 she stood before me with bared teeth and with white fingers hooked like talons . 
 ` sure , i 'll help you , ' i contrived to utter , in a shaken voice . 
 ` i 'm not a very brilliant experimenter , however . ' 
 it appeared that to refuse would be a means of committing very unpleasant suicide . 
 * * * * triumphant cunning shone in those menacing green eyes , the evil cunning of the maniac who has just perpetrated a clever trick . 
 but it was even more than that ; it was the crafty look of supreme evil in contemplation of further victory . 
 ` you can come now , in order to see the machine ? ' 
 steele demanded . 
 ` no , ' i said hastily , and sought reasons for delay . ' 
 i am cold . 
 i must light a fire and warm myself . 
 then i am hungry , and very tired . 
 i must eat and sleep . ' 
 all of which was very true . 
 my body had been chilled through , during my hours on the snow . 
 my limbs were trembling with cold . 
 the two looked at each other . 
 unearthly sounds passed between them , incoherent , animal whinings . 
 such , instead of words , seemed to be their natural speech ; the english they spoke seemed only an inaccurately and recently learned tongue . 
 ` true , ' my mother said to me again , in a moment . 
 she looked at the stove . 
 ` start a fire if you must . 
 what you need is there ? ' 
 she pointed inquiringly toward coal and kindling , as if fire were something new and unfamiliar to her . 
 ` we must go without , ' she added . 
 ` light of fire is hurtful to us , as cold is to you . 
 and in other room , called -- ` she hesitated perceptibly , ` kitchen , will be food . 
 there we will wait . ' 
 she and the white boy glided silently from the room . 
 shivering with cold , i hurried to the stove . 
 all the coals in it were dead ; there had been no fire in it for many hours , none , perhaps , for several days . 
 i shook down the ashes , lit a ball of crumpled newspaper with a match i found in my pocket , dropped it on the grate , and filled the stove with pine and coal . 
 in a few minutes i had a roaring fire , before which i crouched gratefully . 
 * * * * in a few minutes the door was opened slowly . 
 steele , first peering carefully , apparently to see if there was light in the room , stepped cautiously inside . 
 the stove was tightly closed , no light escaped from it . 
 the pallid , green-eyed man had his arms full of food , a curious assortment that had evidently been collected in the kitchen in a haphazard manner . 
 there were two loaves of bread , a slab of raw bacon , an unopened can of coffee , a large sack of salt , a carton of oatmeal , a can of baking powder , a dozen tins of canned foods , and even a bottle of stove polish . 
 ` you eat this ? ' 
 he inquired , in his strangely animal voice , dropping the articles on the table . 
 it was almost ludicrous ; and too , it was somehow terrible . 
 he seemed to have no conception of human alimentary needs . 
 comfortably warm again , and feeling very hungry , the table , and examined the odd assortment . 
 i selected a loaf of bread , a tin of salmon , and one of apricots , for my immediate use . 
 ` some of these things are to be eaten as they are , ' i ventured , wondering what his response would be . 
 ` and some of them have to be cooked . ' 
 ` cooked ? ' 
 he demanded quickly . 
 ` what is that ? ' 
 then , while i was silent , dazed with astonishment , he added a terrible question . 
 ` does it convey that they must be hot and bleeding from the animal ? ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 i cried . 
 ` no . 
 to cook a food one heats it . 
 usually adding seasonings , such as salt . 
 a rather complicated process , requiring considerable skill . ' ' 
 i see , ' he said . 
 ` and you must consume such articles , to keep your body whole ? ' 
 i admitted that i did , and then remarked that i needed a can cutter , to get at the food in the tins . 
 first inquiring about the appearance of the implement , he hurried to the kitchen , and soon returned with one . 
 presently my mother came back into the room . 
 both of them watched me with their strange green eyes as i ate . 
 my appetite failed somewhat , but i drew the meal out as long as possible , in order to defer whatever they might intend for me after i had finished . 
 * * * * both of them asked many questions . 
 questions similar to steele 's query about cooking , touching subjects with which an ordinary child is familiar . 
 but they were not stupid questions -- no , indeed ! 
 both of them evinced a cleverness that was almost preternatural . 
 they never forgot , and i was astounded at their skill in piecing together the facts i gave them , to form others . 
 their green eyes watched me very curiously when , unable to drag out the pretense of eating any longer , i produced a cigarette and sought a match to light it . 
 both of them howled , as if in agony , when the feeble yellow flame of the match flared up . 
 they covered their strange green eyes , and leaped back , cowering and trembling . 
 ` kill it ! ' 
 my mother snarled ferociously . 
 i flicked out the tiny flame , startled at its results . 
 they uncovered their terrible green eyes , blinking . 
 it was several minutes before they seemed completely recovered from their amazing fear of the light . 
 ` make light no more when we are near , ' my mother growled at me . 
 ` we will tear your body if you forget ! 
 ` her teeth were bared ; her lips curled like those of a wolf ; she snarled at me frightfully . 
 steele ran to an east window , raised the blind , peered nervously out . 
 i saw that the dawn was coming . 
 he whined strangely at my mother . 
 she seemed uneasy , like an animal at bay . 
 her huge green eyes rolled from side to side . 
 she turned anxiously to me . 
 ` come , ' she said . 
 ` the machine which we with your aid will repair is in the cellar beneath the house . 
 the day comes . 
 we must go . ' ' 
 i ca n't go , ' i said . 
 ` i 'm dog tired ; been up all night . 
 i 've got to rest , before i work on any machine . 
 i 'm so sleepy i ca n't think . ' 
 she whined curiously at steele again , as if she were speaking in some strange wolf-tongue . 
 he replied in kind , then spoke to me . 
 ` if rest is needful to the working of your body , you may sleep till the light is gone . 
 follow . ' 
 * * * * he opened the door at the end of the room , led me into a dark hall , and from it into a small bedroom . 
 it contained a narrow bed , two chairs , a dresser , and wardrobe trunk . 
 ` try not to go , ' he snarled warningly , at the door , ` or we will follow you over the snow ! ' 
 the door closed and i was alone . 
 a key grated ominously in the lock . 
 the little room was cold and dark . 
 i scrambled hastily into the bed , and for a time i lay there , listening . 
 the dreadful howling of the wolf-pack , which had never stilled through all the night , seemed to be growing louder , drawing nearer . 
 presently it ceased , with a few sharp , whining yelps , apparently just outside the window . 
 the pack had come here , with the dawn ! 
 as the increasing light of day filled the little room , i raised myself in the bed to scrutinize its contents again . 
 it was a neat chamber , freshly papered . 
 the dresser was covered with a gay silk scarf , and on it , in orderly array , were articles of the masculine toilet . 
 a few dresses , a vivid beret , and a bright sweater were hanging under a curtain in the corner of the room . 
 on the wall was a picture -- of myself ! 
 it came to me that this must be steele 's room , into which i had been locked to sleep until night had come again . 
 but what weird and horrible thing had happened to the boy since i had seen his last ? 
 presently i examined the windows with a view to escape . 
 there were two of them , facing the east . 
 heavy wooden bars had been fastened across them , on the outside , so close together that i could not hope to squeeze between them . 
 and a survey of the room revealed no object with which they could be easily sawed . 
 but i was too sleepy and exhausted to attempt escape . 
 at thought of the ten weary miles to hebron , through the thick , soft snow , i abandoned the idea . 
 i knew that , tired as i already was , i could never cover the distance in the short winter day . 
 and i shuddered at the thought of being caught on the snow by the pack . 
 i lay down again in steele 's clean bed , about which a slight fragrance of perfume still lingered , and was soon asleep . 
 my slumber , though deep , was troubled . 
 but no nightstallion could be as hideous as the reality from which i had found a few hours ' escape . 
 chapter v the machine in the cellar i slept through most of the short winter day . 
 when i woke it was sunset . 
 gray light fell athwart the illimitable flat desert of snow outside my barred windows , and the pale disk of the moon , near the full , was rising in the darkening eastern sky . 
 no human habitation was in view , in all the stretching miles of that white waste . 
 i felt a sharp sense of utter loneliness . 
 i could look for no outside aid in coping with the strange and alarming situation into which i had stumbled . 
 if i were to escape from these dread monsters who wore the bodies of those dearest to me , it must be by my own efforts . 
 and in my hands alone rested the task of finding from what evil malady they suffered , and how to restore them to their old , dear selves . 
 once more i examined the stout wooden bars across the windows . 
 they seemed strongly nailed to the wall on either side . 
 i found no tool that looked adequate to cutting them . 
 my matches were still in my pocket , however , and it occurred to me that i might burn the bars . 
 but there was no time for such an undertaking before the darkness would bring back my captors , nor did i relish the thought of attempting to escape with the pack on my trail . 
 i was hungry again , and quite thirsty also . 
 darkness fell , as i lay there on the bed , among the intimate belongings of a lovely boy for whom i had owned tender feelings -- waiting for his to come with the night , amid his terrible allies , to drag me to i knew not what dread fate . 
 the gray light of the day faded imperceptibly into pale silvery moonlight . 
 abruptly , without warning , the key turned in the lock . 
 * * * * steele -- or the alien entity that ruled the boy 's fair body -- glided with sinister grace into the room . 
 his green eyes were shining , and his skin was ghastly white . 
 ` immediately you will follow , ' came his wolfish voice . 
 ` the machine below awaits the aid for you to give in the great experiment . 
 quickly come . 
 your weak body , it is rested ? ' 
 ` all right , ' i said . 
 ` i 've slept , of course . 
 but now i 'm hungry and thirsty again . 
 i 've got to have water and something to eat before i tinker with any machine . ' 
 i was determined to postpone whatever ordeal lay before me as long as possible . 
 ` your body you may satisfy again , ' the man said . 
 ` but take not too long ! ' 
 he snarled warningly . 
 i followed his back to the dining room . 
 ` get water , ' he said , and glided out the door . 
 the stove was still faintly warm . 
 i opened it , stirred the coals , dropped in more fuel . 
 soon the fire was roaring again . 
 i turned my attention to the food i had left . 
 the remainder of the salmon and apricots had frozen on the plates , and i set them over the stove to warm . 
 soon steele was back with a water bucket containing a bulging mass of ice . 
 apparently surprised that i could not consume water in a solid form , he allowed me to set it on the stove to thaw . 
 while i waited , standing by the stove , he asked innumerable questions , many of them so simple they would have been laughable under less strange conditions , some of them concerning the latest and most recondite of scientific theories , his mastery of which seemed to exceed my own . 
 my mother appeared suddenly , her corpse-white arms full of books . 
 she spread them on the table , curtly bid me come look with her . 
 she had einstein 's ` the meaning of relativity , ' weyl 's ` gravitation and elektricitaet , ' and two of her own privately printed works . 
 the latter were ` space-time tensors ` and the volume of mathematical speculation entitled ` interlocking universes ` whose bizarre implications created such a sensation among those savants to whom she sent copies . 
 * * * * my mother began opening these books , and bombarding me with questions about them , questions which i was often unable to answer . 
 but the greater part of her queries related merely to grammar , or the meaning of words . 
 the involved thought seemed easy for her to understand ; it was the language which caused her difficulty . 
 her questions were exactly such as might be asked by a super-intellectual being from mars , if she were attempting to read a scientific library without having completely mastered the language in which its books were written . 
 and her own books seemed as unfamiliar to her as those of the other scientists . 
 but she ran through the maids with amazing speed , pausing only to ask an occasional question , and appeared to gain a complete mastery of the volume as she went . 
 when she released me , the food and water were warm . 
 i drank , and then ate bread and salmon and apricots , as deliberately as i dared . 
 i invited the two to share the food with me , but they declined abruptly . 
 the volley of questions continued . 
 then suddenly , evidently concluding that i had eaten enough , they started toward the door , commanding me to follow . 
 i dared not do otherwise . 
 my mother paused at the end of the table and picked up the electric lantern , whose dimly glowing red bulb supplied the only light in the room . 
 again we traversed the dark hall , and went out through a door in the rear of the frame building . 
 as we stepped out upon the moonlit snow , i shuddered to hear once more the distant , wailing ululation of the pack , still with that terrible note which suggested strained human vocal organs . 
 a few feet from us was the door of a cellar . 
 the basement had evidently been considerably enlarged , quite recently , for huge mounds of earth lay about us , filling the back yard . 
 some of them were covered with snow , some of them black and bare . 
 * * * * the two led the way down the steps into the cellar , my mother still carrying the electric lantern , which faintly illuminated the midnight space with its feeble , crimson glow . 
 the cellar was large , neatly plastered . 
 it had not been itself enlarged , but a dark passage sloped down beside the door , to deeper excavations . 
 in the center of the floor stood the wreck of an intricate and unfamiliar mechanism . 
 it had evidently been deliberately smashed -- i saw an ax lying beside it , which must have been the means of the havoc . 
 the concrete floor was littered with the broken glass of shattered electron tubes . 
 the machine itself was a mass of tangled wires and twisted coils and bent magnets , oddly arranged outside a great copper ring , perhaps four feet in diameter . 
 the huge copper ring was mounted on its edge , in a metal frame . 
 before it was a stone step , placed as if to be used by one climbing through the ring . 
 but , i saw , it had been impossible for one actually to climb through , for on the opposite side was a mass of twisted apparatus -- a great parabolic mirror of polished metal , with what appeared to be a broken cathode tube screwed into its center . 
 a most puzzling machine . 
 and it had been very thoroughly wrecked . 
 save for the huge copper ring , and the heavy stone step before it , there was hardly a part that was not twisted or shattered . 
 in the end of the cellar was a small motor-generator -- a little gasoline engine connected to a dynamo -- such as is sometimes used for supplying isolated homes with electric light and power . 
 i saw that it had not been injured . 
 from a bench beside the wall , my mother picked up a brief case , from which she took a roll of blue prints , and a sheaf of papers bound in a manila cover . 
 she spread them on the bench and set the red lantern beside them . 
 ` this machine , as you see , has been , most unfortunately for us , wrecked , ' she said . 
 ` these papers tell the method of construction to be followed in the erection of such machines . 
 your aid we must have in deciphering what they convey . 
 and the new machine will bring such great , strong life as we have to all your world . ' 
 ` you say ` your world ' ! ' 
 i cried . 
 ` then you do n't belong to this earth ? 
 you are a monster , who has stolen the body of my father ! ' 
 * * * * both of them snarled like beasts . 
 they bared their teeth and glowered at me with their terrible green eyes . 
 then a crafty look came again into the woman 's sinister orbs . 
 ` no , my daughter , ' came her whining , animal tones . ' 
 a new secret of life have we discovered . 
 great strength it gives to our bodies . 
 death we fear no longer . 
 but our minds are changed . 
 many things we do not remember . 
 we must require your aid in reading this which we once wrote -- ' ` that 's the bunk ! ' 
 i exclaimed , perhaps not very wisely . ' 
 i do n't believe it . 
 and i 'll be damned if i 'll help repair the infernal machine , to make more human beings into monsters like you ! ' 
 together they sprang toward me . 
 their eyes glowed dreadfully against their pallid skins . 
 their fingers were hooked like claws . 
 saliva drooled from their snarling lips , and naked teeth gleamed in the dim crimson radiance . 
 ` aid us you will ! ' 
 cried my mother . 
 ` or your body will we most painfully destroy . 
 we will eat it slowly , while you live ! ' 
 the horror of it broke down my reason . 
 with a wild , terror-shaken scream , i dashed for the door . 
 it was hopeless , of course , for me to attempt escape from beings possessing such preternatural strength . 
 with startling , soul-blasting howls , they sprang after me together . 
 they swept me to the cellar 's floor , sinking their teeth savagely into my arms and body . 
 for a few moments i struggled desperately , writhing and kicking , guarding my throat with one arm and striking blindly with the other . 
 then they held me helpless . 
 i could only curse , and scream a vain appeal for aid . 
 the man , holding my arms pinioned against my sides , lifted me easily , flung me over him shoulder . 
 his body , where it touched mine , was as cold as ice . 
 i struggled fiercely but uselessly as he started with me down the black , inclined passage , into the recent excavations beneath the cellar 's floor . 
 behind us , my mother picked up the little red lantern , and the blue prints and sheets of specifications , and followed down the dark , slanting passage . 
 chapter vi the temple of crimson gloom helpless in those preternaturally strong , corpse-cold and corpse-white arms , i was carried down narrow steps , to a high , subterranean hall . 
 it was filled with a dim blood-red light , which came from no visible source , its angry , forbidding radiance seeming to spring from the very air . 
 the walls of the underground hall were smooth and black , of some unfamiliar ebon substance . 
 several yards down that black , strangely illuminated passage i was carried . 
 then we came into a larger space . 
 its black roof , many yards above , was groined and vaulted , supported by a double row of massive dead-black pillars . 
 many dark , arched niches were cut into its walls . 
 this greater hall , too , was sullenly illuminated by a ghastly scarlet light , which seemed to come from nowhere . 
 a strange , silent , awful place . 
 a sort of cathedral of darkness , of evil and death . 
 a sinister atmosphere of nameless terror seemed breathed from its very midnight walls , like the stifling fumes of incense offered to some formless god of horror . 
 the dusky red light might have come from unseen tapers burned in forbidden rites of blood and death . 
 the dead silence itself seemed a tangible , evil thing , creeping upon me from ebon walls . 
 i was given little time to speculate upon the questions that it raised . 
 what was the dead-black material of the walls ? 
 whence came the lurid , bloody radiance ? 
 how recently had this strange temple of terror been made ? 
 and to what demoniac god was it consecrated ? 
 no opportunity had i to seek answers to those questions , nor time even to recover from my natural astonishment at finding such a place beneath the soil of a texas ranch . 
 * * * * the emerald-eyed man who bore me dropped me to the black floor , against the side of a jet pillar , which was round and two feet thick . 
 he whined shrilly , like a hungry dog . 
 it was evidently a call , for two women appeared in the broad central aisle of the temple , which i faced . 
 two women -- or , rather , malevolent monstrosities in the bodies of women . 
 their eyes shone with green fires alien to our world , and their bodies , beneath their tattered rags of clothing , were fearfully white . 
 one of them came toward me with a piece of frayed manila rope , which must have been a lasso they had found above . 
 later it came to me that these two must be the mechanics from the city of amarillo , who , judson had told me on the evening of our fatal drive , had been employed here by my mother . 
 i had not yet seen dr. blake jetton , steele 's mother , who had been the chief assistant of my own parent in various scientific investigations -- investigations which , i now began to fear , must have borne dreadful fruit ! 
 while the man held me against the black pillar , the women seized my arms , stretched them behind it , and tied them with the rope . 
 i kicked out , struggled , cursed them , in vain . 
 my body seemed but putty to their fearful strength . 
 when my hands were tied behind the pillar , another length of the rope was dropped about my ankles and drawn tight about the ebon shaft . 
 i was helpless in this weird , subterranean temple , at the mercy of these four creatures who seemed to combine infernal super-intelligence with the strength and the nature of wolves . 
 ` see the instrument which we are to build ! ' 
 came the snarling voice of my mother . 
 standing before me , with the roll of blue prints in her livid hands , she pointed at an object that i had not yet distinguished in the sullen , bloody gloom . 
 * * * * in the center of the lofty , central hall of this red-lit temple , between the twin rows of looming , dead-black pillars , was a long , low platform of ebon stone . 
 from it rose a metal frame -- wrought like the frame of the wrecked machine i had seen in the cellar , above . 
 the frame supported a huge copper ring in a vertical position . 
 it was far huger than the ring in the ruined mechanism ; its diameter was a dozen feet or more . 
 its upper curve reached far toward the black , vaulted roof of the hall , glistening queerly in the ghastly red light . 
 behind the ring , a huge , parabolic mirror of silvery , polished metal had been set up . 
 but the device was obviously unfinished . 
 the complex electron tubes , the delicate helixes and coils , the magnets , and the complicated array of wires , whose smashed and tangled remains i had observed about the wreck of the other machine , had not been installed . 
 ` look at that ! ' 
 cried my mother again . 
 ` the instrument that comes to let upon your earth the great life that is ours . 
 the plan on this paper , we made . 
 from the plan , we made the small machine , and brought to ourselves the life , the strength , the love of blood -- ' ` the love of blood ! ' 
 my startled , anguished outcry must have been a shriek , for i was already nearly overcome with the brooding terror of my strange surroundings . 
 i collapsed against the ropes , shaken and trembling with fear . 
 the light of strange cunning came once more into the glaring green eyes of the thing that had been my mother . 
 ` no , fear not ! ' 
 she whined on . 
 ` your language , it is new to me , and i speak what i do not intend . 
 be not fearing -- if you will do our wish . 
 if you do not , then we will taste your blood . 
 ` but the new life came only to few . 
 then the machine broke because of one woman . 
 and our brains are changed , so that we remember not to read the plans that we made . 
 your aid is ours , to restore a new machine . 
 to you and all your world , then , comes the great new life ! ' 
 * * * * she stepped close to me , her green eyes burning malevolently . 
 before my eyes she unrolled one of the sheets which bore plans and specifications for the strange electron tubes , to be mounted outside the copper ring . 
 from her lips came the curious , wolfish whine with which these monsters communicated with one another . 
 one of the weirdly transformed mechanics stepped up beside her , carrying in dead-white hands the parts of such a tube-filaments , plate , grid , screens , auxiliary electrodes , and the glass tube in which they were to be sealed . 
 the parts evidently had been made to fit the specifications -- as nearly as these entities could comprehend those specifications with their imperfect knowledge of english . 
 ` we make fit plans for these parts , ' my mother whined . 
 ` if wrong , you must say where wrong . 
 describe how to put together . 
 speak quick , or die slowly ! ' 
 she snarled menacingly . 
 though i am by no means a brilliant physicist , i saw easily enough that most of the parts were useless , though they had been made with amazing accuracy . 
 these beings seemed to have no knowledge of the fundamental principles underlying the operation of the machine they were attempting to build , yet , in making these parts , they had accomplished feats that would have been beyond the power of our science . 
 the filament was made of metal , well enough -- but was far too thick to be lit by any current , without that current wrecking the tube in which it were used . 
 the grid was nicely made -- of metallic radium ! 
 it was worth a small fortune , but quite useless in the electron tube . 
 and the plate was evidently of pure fused quartz , shaped with an accuracy that astounded me ; but that , too , was quite useless . 
 ` parts wrong ? ' 
 my mother barked excitedly in wolfish tones , her glowing green eyes evidently having read something in my face . 
 ` indicate how wrong . 
 describe to make correct ! ' 
 * * * * i closed my lips firmly , determined to reveal nothing . 
 i knew that it was through the wrecked machine that my mother and steele had been so dreadfully altered . 
 i resolved that i would not aid in changing other humans into such hellish monsters . 
 i was sure that this strange mechanism , if completed , would be a threat against all humanity -- though , at the time , i was far from conceiving the full , diabolic significance of it . 
 my mother snarled toward the man . 
 he dropped upon all fours , and sprang at me like a wolf , his beastly eyes gleaming green , his bare teeth glistening in the sullen red light , and he was hideously howling ! 
 his teeth caught my trousers , tore them from my leg from the middle of the right thigh downward . 
 then they closed into my flesh , and i could feel his teeth gnawing ... gnawing ... he did not make a deep wound , though blood , black in the terrible red light , trickled from it down my leg toward the shoe -- blood which , from time to time , he ceased the gnawing to lick up appreciatively . 
 the purpose of it was evidently to cause me the maximum amount of agony and horror . 
 for minutes , perhaps , i endured it -- for minutes that seemed ages . 
 the pain itself was agonizing : the steady gnawing of teeth into the flesh of my leg , toward the bone . 
 but that agony was less than the terror of my surroundings . 
 the strange temple of black , with its black floor , black walls , black pillars , vaulted black ceiling . 
 the dim , sourceless , blood-red light that filled it . 
 the dreadful stillness -- broken only by my groans and shrieks , and by the slight sound of the gnawing teeth . 
 the demoniac monster standing before me in the body of my mother , staring at me with shining green eyes , holding the plans and the parts that the mechanic had brought , waiting for me to speak . 
 but the most horrible thing was the fact that the gnawing demon was the body of dear , lovely steele ! 
 he was now digging his teeth in with a crunching sound . 
 i writhed and screamed with agony . 
 sweat rolled from my body . 
 i tugged madly against my bonds , strove to burst the rope that held my tortured leg . 
 fierce , eager growls came wolf-like from the throat of the gnawing man . 
 his leprously pallid face was once more smeared with blood , as it had been when i first saw him . 
 occasionally he stopped the unendurable gnawing , to lick his lips with a dreadful satisfaction . 
 * * * * finally i could stand it no longer . 
 even if the fate of all the earth depended upon me -- as i thought it did -- i could endure it no longer . 
 ` stop ! 
 stop ! ' 
 i screamed . 
 ` i 'll tell you ! ' 
 rather reluctantly , the man rose , licking his crimson lips . 
 my mother -- i find myself continually calling the monster by that name , but it was not my mother -- again held the plans before my face , and displayed upon her palm the tiny parts for the electron tube . 
 it took all my will to draw my mind from the throbbing pain of the fresh wound in my leg . 
 but i explained that the filament wire would have to be drawn much finer , that the radium would not do for the grid , that the plate must be of a conducting metal , instead of quartz . 
 she did not easily understand my scientific terms . 
 the name tungsten , for instance , meant nothing to her until i had explained the qualities and the atomic number of the metal . 
 that identified it for her , and she appeared really to know more about the metal than i did . 
 for long hours i answered her questions , and made explanations . 
 a few times i thought of refusing to answer , again . 
 but the memory of that unendurable gnawing always made me speak . 
 the scientific knowledge and skill displayed in the construction of the machine 's parts , once the specifications were properly understood , astounded me . 
 the monsters that had stolen these human bodies seemed to have remarkable scientific knowledge of their own , particularly in chemistry and certain branches of physics -- though electricity and magnetism , and the modem theories of relativity and equivalence , seemed new to them , probably because they came from a world whose natural phenomena are not the same as ours . 
 * * * * they brought , from one of the chambers opening into the great hall , an odd , glistening device , consisting of connected bulbs and spheres of some bright , transparent crystal . 
 first , a lump of limestone rock , which must have been dug up in the making of this underground temple , was dropped into a large lower globe . 
 slowly it seemed to dissolve , forming a heavy , iridescent , violet-colored gas . 
 then , whenever my mother or one of the others wished to make any object -- a metal plate or grid , a coil of wire , an insulating button , anything needed in building the machine -- a tiny pattern of it was skillfully formed of a white , soft , wax-like substance . 
 the white pattern was placed in one of the crystal bulbs , and the heavy violet gas -- which must have been disassociated protons and electrons from the disrupted limestone -- was allowed to fill the bulb through one of the numerous transparent tubes . 
 the operator watched a little gauge , and at the right instant , removed from the bulb -- not the pattern , but the finished object , formed of any desired element ! 
 the process was not explained to me . 
 but i am sure that it was one of building up atoms from the constituent positive and negative electrons . 
 a process just the reverse of disintegration , by which radium decomposes into lead . 
 first such simple atoms as those of hydrogen and helium . 
 then carbon , or silicon , or iron . 
 then silver , if one desired it , or gold ! 
 finally radium , or uranium , the heaviest of metals . 
 the object was removed whenever the atoms had reached the proper number to form the element required . 
 with this marvelous device , whose accomplishments exceeded the wildest dreams of the alchemist , the construction of the huge machine in the center of the hall proceeded with amazing speed , with a speed that filled me with nothing less than terror . 
 * * * * it occurred to me that i might delay the execution of the monsters ' dreadful plan by a trick of some kind . 
 racking my weary and pain-clouded brain , i sought for some ruse that might mislead my clever opponents . 
 the best idea that came to me was to give a false interpretation of the word ` vacuum . ' 
 if i could keep its true meaning from my mother , she would leave the air in the tubes , and they would burn out when the current was turned on . 
 when she finally asked the meaning of the word , i said that it signified a sealed or enclosed space . 
 but she had been consulting scientific works , as well as my meager knowledge . 
 when the words left my lips , she sprang at me with a hideous snarl . 
 her teeth sought my throat . 
 but for a very hurried pretense of alarmed stupidity , my part in the dreadful adventure might have come to a sudden end . 
 i protested that i had been sincere , that my mind was weary and i could not remember scientific facts , that i must eat and sleep again . 
 then i sagged forward against the ropes , head hanging . 
 i refused to respond , even to threats of further torture . 
 and my exhaustion was scarcely feigned , for i had never undergone a more trying day -- a day in which one horror followed close upon another . 
 finally they cut me loose . 
 the man carried me out of the sullen crimson light of the temple , up the narrow passage , and into the house again ; i was almost too weak to walk alone . 
 as we came out upon the snow , the distant , keening cry of the weird pack broke once more upon my startled ears . 
 the pale disk of the moon was rising , cold and silvery , in the east , over the illimitable plain of snow . 
 it was night again ! 
 i had been in the subterranean temple for more than twenty-four hours . 
 chapter vii when i ran from the pack again i was in the little room that had been steele 's , among his intimate possessions , catching an occasional suggestion of his perfume . 
 it was a small room , clean and chaste , and i had a feeling that i was invading a sacred place . 
 but i had no choice in the matter , for the windows were barred , and the door locked behind me . 
 steele -- or , i should say , the werewoman -- had let me stop in the other room to eat and drink again . 
 he had even let me find the medicine cabinet and get a bottle of antiseptic to use in the wound on my leg . 
 now , sitting on the bed in a shaft of cold , argent moonlight , i applied the stinging liquid , and then bound the place with a bandage torn from a clean sheet . 
 then i got to my feet and went to the window : i was determined to escape if escape were possible , or end my life if it were not . 
 i had no intention of going back alive to the hellish red-lit temple . 
 but the quavering , dismal howling of the pack came faintly to my ears , as i reached the window , setting me trembling with horror . 
 i gazed fearfully across the fantastic desert of silvery snow , bright in the opalescent haze of moonlight . 
 then i glimpsed moving green eyes , and i cried out . 
 below the window was a huge , lean gray wolf , pacing deliberately up and down , across the glistening snow . 
 from time to time she lifted her head , stared straight at my windows with huge , malevolent eyes . 
 a sentinel set to watch me ! 
 with my hopeless despair came a leaden weight of weariness . 
 i felt suddenly exhausted , physically and mentally . 
 i stumbled to the bed , crept under the covers without troubling to remove my clothing , and fell almost instantly asleep . 
 * * * * i awoke upon a gray , cold day . 
 a chill wind was whistling eerily about the old house , and the sky was gloomy with steel-blue clouds . 
 i sprang out of bed , feeling much refreshed by my long sleep . 
 for a moment , despite the dreary day , i was conscious of an extraordinary sense of relief ; it seemed , for the merest instant , as if all that had happened to me was a horrible nightstallion , from which i was waking . 
 then recollection came , with a dull pain in my wounded leg . 
 i wondered why i had not been carried back into the terrible temple of blood-red gloom before the coming of day ; perhaps i must have been sleeping too soundly to be roused . 
 recalling the gray wolf , i looked nervously out at the window . 
 it was gone , of course ; the monsters seemed unable to endure the light of day , or any other save the terrible crimson dusk of the temple . 
 i wrapped a blanket about my shoulders , for it was extremely cold , and i set about at once to escape from the room . 
 i was determined to win my liberty or die in the attempt . 
 first i examined the windows again . 
 the bars outside them , though of wood , were quite strong . 
 my utmost strength failed to break any one of them . 
 i could find nothing in the room with which they might be cut or worn in twain , without hours of labor . 
 finally i turned to the door . 
 my kicks and blows failed to make any impression upon its sturdy panels . 
 the lock seemed strong , and i had neither skill nor tools for picking it . 
 but , while i stood gazing at the lock , an idea came to me . 
 i still had the little automatic , and two extra clips of ammunition . 
 my captors had shown only disdain for the little weapon , and i had rather lost faith in it after its puzzling failure to kill the gray wolf . 
 now i backed to the other side of the room , drew it , and deliberately fired three shots into the lock . 
 when i first tried the door again , it seemed as impassable as ever . 
 i worked upon it , twisting the knob , again and again . 
 there was a sudden snap , and the door swung open . 
 i was free . 
 if only i could reach a place of safety before darkness brought out the weird pack ! 
 * * * * in the old dining room i paused to drink , and to eat scantily . 
 then i left the house by the front door , for i dared not go near the mouth of that hell-burrow behind the house , even by day . 
 in fearful , desperate haste , i set out across the snow . 
 the little town of hebron , i knew , lay ten miles away , directly north . 
 few landmarks were visible above the thick snow , and the gray clouds hid the sun . 
 but i plodded along beside a barbed wire fence , which i knew would guide me . 
 slowly the time-yellowed ranch house , an ugly , rambling structure with a gray shingle roof , dwindled upon the white waste behind me . 
 the outbuildings , resembling the house , though looking smaller , more ancient and more dilapidated , drew toward it to form a single brown speck upon the endless desolation of the snow-covered plain . 
 the crust upon the snow , though frozen harder than upon the ill-fated night of my coming , was still too thin to support my weight . 
 it broke beneath my feet at every step , and i sank ankle-deep in the soft snow beneath . 
 my progress was a grim , heart-breaking struggle . 
 my strength had been drained by the nerve-racking horrors and exhausting exertions of the past few days . 
 soon i was gasping for breath , and my feet felt leaden-heavy . 
 there was a dull , intolerable ache in the wound on my leg . 
 if the snow had been hard enough to support my weight , so that i could run , i might have reached hebron before dark . 
 but , sinking deep into it at every step , it was impossible for me to move rapidly . 
 i must not have covered over half the distance to hebron , when the gloom of the gray , cheerless day seemed to settle upon me . 
 i realized , with a chill of fatal horror , that it had not been early morning when i set out ; my watch had stopped , and since the leaden clouds had obscured the sun , i had no gauge of time . 
 i must have slept through half the day or more , exhausted as i had been by the day and night of torture in the dark temple . 
 night was upon me , when i was still far short of my destination . 
 nearly dead with fatigue , i had more than once been almost on the point of stopping to rest . 
 but terror lent me fresh strength . 
 i plodded on as fast as i could , but forcing myself to keep from running , which would burn up my energy too soon . 
 * * * * another mile , perhaps , i had covered , when i heard the weird , blood-congealing voice of the pack . 
 the darkness , for a time , had been intense , very faintly relieved by the ghostly gleam of the snow . 
 but the clouds had lightened somewhat , and the light of the rising moon shone through them , casting eldritch shadows of silver on the level snow . 
 at first the dreadful baying was very distant , low and moaning and hideous with the human vocal note it carried . 
 but it grew louder . 
 and there was something in it of sharp , eager yelping . 
 i knew that the pack which had run down judson and me had been set upon my trail . 
 the terror , the stark , maddening , soul-searing horror that seized me , is beyond imagination . 
 i shrieked uncontrollably . 
 my hands and body felt alternately hot and fevered , and chilled with a cold sweat . 
 a harsh dryness roughened my throat . 
 i reeled dizzily , and felt the pounding of my pulse in all my body . 
 and i ran . 
 madly , wildly . 
 ran with all my strength . 
 ran through the thick snow faster than i had thought possible . 
 but in a few moments , it seemed i had used up all my strength . 
 i was suddenly sick with fatigue , swaying , almost unable to stand . 
 red mists , shot with white fire , danced in front of my eyes . 
 the vast plain of snow whirled about me fantastically . 
 and on and on i staggered . 
 when each step took all my will . 
 when i felt that i must collapse in the snow , and fought with all my mind for the strength to raise my foot again . 
 all the time , the fearful baying was drawing nearer , until the wailing , throbbing sound of it drummed and rang in my brain . 
 finally , unable to take another step , i turned and looked back . 
 * * * * for a few moments i stood there , swaying , gasping for breath . 
 the weird , nerve-blasting cry of the pack sounded very near , but i could see nothing . 
 then , through the clouds , a broad , ghostly shaft of moonlight fell athwart the snow behind me . 
 and i saw the pack . 
 i saw them ! 
 the pinnacle of horror ! 
 gray wolves , leaping , green-eyed and gaunt . 
 and strange human figures among them , racing with them . 
 chill , soulless emerald orbs staring . 
 bodies ghastly pallid , clad only in tattered rags . 
 steele , bounding at the head of the pack . 
 my mother , following . 
 and other women . 
 all green-orbed , leprously white . 
 some of them frightfully mutilated . 
 some so torn they should have been dead ! 
 judson , the woman who had brought me out from hebron , was among them . 
 her livid flesh hung in ribbons . 
 one eye was gone , and a green fire seemed to sear the empty socket . 
 her breast was fearfully lacerated . 
 and the woman was -- eviscerated ! 
 yet her hideous body leaped beside the wolves . 
 and others were as dreadful . 
 one had no head . 
 a black mist seemed gathered above the jutting , lividly white stump of her neck , and in it glowed malevolently -- two green eyes ! 
 a man ran with them . 
 one arm was torn off , his naked pectorals were in ribbons . 
 he ran with the rest , green eyes glowing , mouth wide open , baying with other members of the pack . 
 and now i saw a horse in that grotesque company . 
 a powerful , gray animal , she was , and she came with tremendous leaps . 
 its eyes , too , were glowing green-glowing with the malignant fire of an evil intelligence not normally of this earth . 
 this was one of judson 's animals , changed as dreadfully as she and all the others had been . 
 its mouth yawned open , with yellow teeth glistening , and it howled madly with the pack . 
 swiftly , hideously , they closed in upon me . 
 the weird host sprang toward me from all directions -- gray wolves , women , and horse . 
 eyes glaring , teeth bared , snarling , the hellish horde came closer . 
 the horror of it was too much for my mind . 
 a merciful wave of darkness overcame me as i felt myself reeling to fall upon the snow . 
 chapter viii through the disk of darkness i awoke within the utter stillness of a tomb . 
 for a little time i lay with eyes closed , analyzing the sensations of my chilled , aching body , conscious of the dull , throbbing pain from my wounded leg . 
 i shuddered at recollection of the fearful experiences of the past few days , endured again the overwhelming horror of the moment when the pack -- wolves and women and horse , frightfully mutilated , eyes demoniacally green -- had closed in upon me on the moonlit snow . 
 for some time i did not dare to open my eyes . 
 at last , nerving myself against the new horrors that might surround me , i raised my lids . 
 i looked into the somber , crimson radiance of the ebon-pillared temple . 
 beside a dull jet wall i lay , upon a pile of rags , with a blanket thrown carelessly over me . 
 beyond the row of massive , black , cylindrical pillars , i saw the great , strange machine , with the huge copper ring glistening queerly in the dim , bloody light . 
 the polished mirror behind it seemed flushed with a living glow of molten rubies , and the many electron tubes , now mounted in their sockets , gleamed redly . 
 the mechanism appeared to be near completion ; livid , green-orbed figures were busy about it , moving with a swift , mechanical efficiency . 
 it struck me abruptly that they moved more like machines than like living beings . 
 my mother , steele , the two mechanics . 
 for many minutes i lay very still , watching them covertly . 
 evidently they had brought me down into this subterranean chamber , so that i would have no chance to repeat my escape . 
 i speculated upon the possibility of creeping along the wall to the ascending passage , dashing through it . 
 but there was little hope that i could do it unseen . 
 and i had no way of knowing whether it might be night or day ; it would be folly to run out into the darkness . 
 i felt the little automatic still under my arm ; they had not troubled to remove a weapon which they did not fear . 
 suddenly , before i had dared to move , i saw my mother coming across the black floor toward me . 
 i could not repress a tremor , at closer sight of her deathly pallid body and sinister , baleful greenish eyes . 
 i lay still , trying to pretend sleep . 
 * * * * i felt her ice-cold fingers close upon my shoulder ; roughly i was drawn to my feet . 
 ` further assistance from you must be ours , ' whined her wolfish voice . 
 ` and not again will you be brought back living , should you be the fool to run ! ' 
 her whine ended with an ugly snarl . 
 she dragged me across toward the fantastic mechanism that glistened in the grim , bloody radiance . 
 i quailed at the thought of being bound to the black pillar again . 
 ` i 'll help ! ' 
 i cried . 
 ` do anything you want . 
 do n't tie me up , for god 's sake ! 
 do n't let his gnaw me ! ' 
 my voice must have become a hysterical scream . 
 i fought to calm it , cudgeled my brain for arguments . 
 ` it would kill me to be tied again , ' i pleaded wildly . 
 ` and if you leave me free , i can help you with my hands ! ' 
 ` be free of bonds , then , ' my mother whined . 
 ` but also remember ! 
 you go , and we bring you back not alive ! ' 
 she led me up beside the great machine . 
 one of the mechanics , at a shrill , wolfish whine from her , unrolled a blue print before me . 
 she began to ask questions regarding the wiring to connect the many electron tubes , the coils and helixes and magnets , all ranged about the huge copper ring . 
 her strange brain seemed to have no conception of the nature of electricity ; i had to explain the fundamentals . 
 but she grasped each new fact with astounding quickness , seemed to see the applications instinctively . 
 it soon developed that the great mechanism was practically finished ; in an hour , perhaps , the wiring was completed . 
 ` now what yet is to be constructed ? ' 
 my mother whined . 
 i realized that no provision had been made for electricity to light the tubes and energize the magnets . 
 these beings apparently did not even know that a source of power was necessary . 
 this , i thought , was another chance to stop the execution of their hellish plan . ' 
 i do n't know , ' i said . 
 ` so far as i can see , the machine now fits the specifications . 
 i know nothing else to do . ' 
 * * * * she snarled something to one of the mechanics , who produced the bloody rope with which i had previously been bound . 
 steele sprang toward me , his lips curled in a leering animal snarl , his white teeth gleaming . 
 uncontrollable terror shook me , weakened my knees until i reeled . 
 ` wait ! 
 stop ! ' 
 i screamed . 
 ` i 'll tell if you wo n't tie me ! ' 
 they halted . 
 ` speak ! ' 
 my mother barked . 
 ` quickly describe ! ' 
 ` the machine must have power . 
 electricity ? ' 
 ` from what place comes electricity . ' 
 ` there is a motor generator up in the cellar , where the other machine is . 
 that might do . ' 
 she and the monster that had been steele hurried me down the black-pillared hall , and up the inclined passage to the old cellar . 
 she carried the red-glowing electric lantern . 
 in the cellar i showed them the generator and attempted a rough explanation of its operation . 
 then she and the man bent and caught the metal base of the unit . 
 with their incredible strength , they lifted it quite easily and carried it toward the passage . 
 they made me walk ahead of them as we returned to the machine in the black hall-blasting another hope for a chance to make a dash for the open . 
 just as they were placing the heavy machine -- gasoline engine and dynamo , which together weighed several hundred pounds -- on the black platform beside the strange , gigantic mechanism , there came an interruption that , to me , was terrifying . 
 from the passage came the rustle of feet , and mingled whining , snarling sounds such as the monsters seemed to use for communication . 
 and in the vague , blood-red light , between the tall rows of great black pillars , appeared the pack ! 
 huge , gaunt wolves there were . 
 frightfully mutilated women -- judson , and the others that i had seen . 
 the gray horse . 
 all their eyes were luminously green -- alight with a dreadful , malevolent fire . 
 human lips were crimsoned . 
 scarlet smeared the gray wolves ' muzzles , and even the long nose and gray jaws of the horse . 
 and they carried -- the catch ! 
 * * * * over judson 's livid , lacerated shoulders was hung the torn , limp , bleeding body of a man -- her wife ! 
 one of the gaunt gray wolves had the hideously mangled body of a woman across her back , holding it in place with jaws turned sidewise . 
 another had the body of a spotted calf . 
 two more carried in red-dripping jaws the lax gray bodies of coyotes . 
 and one of the women bore upon her shoulder the remains of a huge gray wolf . 
 the dead , torn , mutilated specimens were dropped in a horrible heap in the wide central aisle of the jet-pillared temple , near the strange machine , like an altar of death . 
 dark blood flowed from it over the black floor , congealing in thick , viscid clots . 
 ` to these we bring life , ' my mother snarled at me , jerking her head toward the dreadful , mangled heap . 
 shuddering and dazed with horror , i sank on the floor , covering my eyes . 
 i was nauseated , sick . 
 my brain was reeling , fogged , confused . 
 it refused to dwell upon the meaning of this dreadful scene . 
 the mad , fearful , demoniac thing that had been my mother jerked me roughly to my feet , dragged me toward the motor generator , and began plying me with questions about its operation , about how to connect it with the strange mechanism of the copper ring . 
 i struggled to answer her questions , trying vainly to forget my horror in the work . 
 soon the connection was completed . 
 under my mother 's directions , i examined the gasoline engine , saw that it was supplied with fuel and oil . 
 then she attempted to start it , but failed to mistress the technique of choking the carburetor . 
 under constant threat of the blood-darkened rope and the werewoman 's gnawing fangs , i labored with the little motor until it coughed a few times , and fell to firing steadily . 
 then my mother made me close the switch , connecting the small machine with the current from the generator . 
 a faint , shrill humming came from the coils . 
 the electron tubes glowed dimly . 
 and a curtain of darkness seemed suddenly drawn across the copper ring . 
 blackness seemed to flow from the queer tube behind it , to be reflected into it by the polished mirror . 
 a disk of dense , utter darkness filled the ring . 
 * * * * for a few moments i stared at it in puzzled wonder . 
 then , as my eyes became slowly sensitized , i found that i could see through it -- see into a dread , nightstallion world . 
 the ring had become an opening into another world of horror and darkness . 
 the sky of that alien world was unutterably , inconceivably black ; blacker than the darkest midnight . 
 it had no stars , no luminary ; no faintest gleam relieved its terrible , oppressive intensity . 
 a vast reach of that other world 's surface lay in view , beyond the copper ring . 
 low , worn , and desolate hills , that seemed black as the somber sky . 
 between them flowed a broad and stagnant river , whose dull and sullen waters shone with a vague and ghostly luminosity , with a pale glow that was somehow unclean and noisome , like that of decaying foul corruption . 
 and upon those low and ancient hills , that were rounded like the bloated pectorals of corpses , was a loathsome vegetation . 
 hideous , obscene travesties of normal plants , whose leaves were long , narrow , snake-like , with the suggestion of ugly heads . 
 with a dreadful , unnatural life , they seemed to writhe , lying in rotting tangles upon the black hills , and dragging in the foul , lurid waters of the stagnant river . 
 their thin reptilian , tentacular vines and creepers glowed with a pale and ghastly light , lividly greenish . 
 and upon a low black hill , above the evil river , and the rotting , writhing , obscene jungle , was what must have been a city . 
 a sprawled and hideous mass of red corruption . 
 a foul splash of dull crimson pollution . 
 this was no city , perhaps , in our sense of the word . 
 it seemed to be a sort of cloud of foul , blood-hued darkness , trailing repulsive tentacles across the low black hill ; a smear of evil crimson mist . 
 mad and repulsive knobs and warts rose about it , in grotesque mockery of spires and towers . 
 it was motionless . 
 and i knew instinctively that unclean and abominable life , sentience , reigned within its hideous scarlet contamination . 
 my mother mounted to the black stone step between the copper ring , and stood there howling weirdly and hideously , into that world of darkness -- voicing an unclean call ! 
 * * * * in answer , the sprawled , nightstallion city seemed to stir . 
 dark things -- masses of fetid , reeking blackness -- seemed to creep from its ugly protuberances , to swarm toward us through the tainted filth of the writhing , evilly glowing vegetation . 
 the darkness of evil concentrate , creeping from that nightstallion world into ours ! 
 for long moments the utter , insane horror of it held me paralyzed and helpless . 
 then something nerved me with the abrupt , desperate determination to revolt against my mistresses , despite the threat of the bloody rope . 
 i tore my eyes from the dreadful attraction that seemed to draw them toward the foul , sprawled city of bloody darkness , in that hideous world of unthinkable evil . 
 realization came to me that i stood alone , unguarded . 
 the green eyes of the monsters about me were fixed in avid fascination upon the ring through which that nightstallion world was visible . 
 none of them seemed aware of me . 
 if only i could wreck the machine , before those creeping horrors of darkness came through into our world ! 
 i started forward instinctively , then paused , realizing that it might be difficult to do great damage to it with my bare hands , before the monsters saw me and attacked . 
 then i thought of the little automatic in my pocket , which i had been permitted to keep with me . 
 even though its bullets could not harm the monsters , they might do considerable damage to the machine . 
 i snatched it out and began firing deliberately at the dimly glowing electron tubes . 
 as the first one was shattered , the image of that hideous , nightstallion world flickered and vanished . 
 the huge , polished mirror was once more visible beyond the copper ring . 
 for the time being , at least , those rankling shapes of black and utter evil were shut out of our world ! 
 as i continued to fire , shattering the electron tubes and the other most delicate and most complicated parts of the great mechanism , a fearful , soul-chilling cry came from the startled monsters in human and animal bodies . 
 suddenly the creatures sprang toward me , over the black floor , howling hideously . 
 chapter ix the hypnotic revelation it was the yellow , stabbing spurts of flame from the automatic that saved me . 
 at first the fearfully transformed beasts and women had leaped at me , howling with the agony that light seemed to cause them . 
 i kept on firing , determined to do all the damage possible before they bore me down . 
 and abruptly they fell back away from me , wailing dreadfully , hiding their unearthly green eyes , slinking behind the massive black pillars . 
 when the gun was empty , some of them came toward me again . 
 but still they seemed shaken , weakened , uncertain of movement . 
 in nervous haste , i fumbled in my pockets for matches -- i had not realized before how they were crippled by light . 
 i found only three , all , apparently , that i had left . 
 the weird monsters , recovered from the effect of the gun flashes , were leaping across toward me , through the sullen , blood-red gloom , as i struggled desperately to make a light . 
 the first match broke in my fingers . 
 but the second flared into yellow flame . 
 the monsters , almost upon me , sprang back , wailing in agony again . 
 as i held the tiny , feeble flame aloft , they cowered , howling , in the flickering shadows cast by the huge , ebon pillars . 
 my confused , horror-dazed mind was abruptly cleared and sharpened by hope of escape . 
 with the light to hold them back , i might reach the open air . 
 and to my quickened mind it came abruptly that it must be day above . 
 it was morning , and the pack had been driven back to the burrow by the light of the coming sun ! 
 as swiftly as i could , without extinguishing the feeble flame of the match with the wind of my motion , i advanced down the great hall . 
 i kept in the middle of the wide central aisle , afraid that my enemies were slinking along after me in the shadows of the pillars . 
 * * * * before i reached the passage which led to the surface , a stronger breath of air caught the feeble orange flame . 
 it flickered out . 
 dusky crimson gloom fell about me once more , with baleful green eyes moving in it , in the farther end of the temple . 
 the howling rose again , angrily . 
 i heard swiftly padding feet . 
 only one of the three matches was left . 
 i bent , scratched it very carefully on the black floor and held it above my head . 
 a new wailing of pain came from the monsters ; they fell back again . 
 i found the end of the passage , rushed through it , guarding the precious flame in a cupped hand . 
 in the great hall behind me , the blood-chilling wail of the pack rose again . 
 i heard the monsters surging toward the passage . 
 by the time i had reached the old cellar , from whose wall the slanting tunnel had been dug , the match was almost consumed . 
 i turned , let its last dying rays shine down the passage . 
 dreadful cries of agony and terror came again ; i heard the monsters retreating from the tunnel . 
 the match suddenly went out . 
 in mad haste i dashed across the cellar 's floor and blundered heavily into the wall . 
 i found the steps that led to the surface and rushed up them desperately . 
 i heard the howling pack running up the passage , moving far swifter than i was able to do . 
 at last my hand touched the under surface of the wooden door , above the steps . 
 beyond , i knew , was the golden light of day . 
 and at the same instant , corpse-cold fingers closed about my ankle , in a crushing , powerful grasp . 
 convulsively , i thrust upward with my hand . 
 the door flew up , slammed crashingly beside the opening . 
 above was soft , brilliant azure sky . 
 in it the white morning sun blazed blindingly . 
 its hot radiance brought tears to my eyes , accustomed as they were to the dim crimson light of the temple . 
 fearful , agonized animal wailing sounds came again from behind me . 
 the grasp on my ankle tightened convulsively , then relaxed . 
 * * * * looking back , i saw steele on the steps at my feet , cowering , writhing as if in unbearable agony , animal screams of pain coming from his lips . 
 it seemed that the burning sunlight had struck his down , that he had been too much weakened to retreat as those behind his had done . 
 abruptly he seemed to me a lovely , suffering boy -- not a strange demoniac monster . 
 pity for his -- even , perhaps , love came over me in a tender wave . 
 if i could save him , restore his to his true , dear self ! 
 i ran back down the steps , seized his by the shoulders , started to carry his up into the light . 
 deathly cold and deathly white his body still was . 
 and still it had a vestige of that unnatural strength . 
 he writhed in my arms , snarling , slashing at my body with his teeth . 
 for a moment his green eyes smoldered malevolently at me . 
 but as the sunlight struck them he closed them , howling with agony , and tried to shield them with his arm . 
 i carried his up the steps , into the brilliant sunlight . 
 first i thought of closing the cellar door , and trying to fasten it . 
 then i realized that the light of day , shining down the passage , would hold back the monsters more effectually than any locked door . 
 it was still early morning . 
 the sun had been up no more than an hour . 
 the sky was clear , and the sunshine glittered with blinding , prismatic brilliance on the snow . 
 the air , however , was still cold ; there had been no thawing , nor would there be until the temperature had moderated considerably . 
 * * * * as i stood there in the blaze of sunlight , holding steele , a strange change came over him . 
 the fierce snarling and whining sounds that came from his throat slowly died away . 
 his writhing , convulsive struggles weakened , as though a tide of alien life were ebbing from his body . 
 there was a sudden last convulsion . 
 then his body was lax , limp . 
 almost immediately , i noticed a change in color . 
 the fearful , corpse-like pallor slowly gave place to the normal pinkish flush of healthy life . 
 the strange , unearthly chill was gone ; i felt a glow of warmth where his body was against mine . 
 then his breast heaved . 
 he breathed . 
 i felt the slow throbbing of his heart . 
 his eyes were still closed as he lay inert in my arms , like one sleeping . 
 i freed one of my hands and gently lifted a long-lashed lid . 
 the eye was clear and blue -- normal again . 
 the baleful , greenish fire was gone ! 
 in some way , which i did not then understand , the light of day had purified the boy , had driven from his the fierce , unclean life that had possessed his body . 
 ` steele ! 
 dear steele ! 
 wake up ! ' 
 i cried . 
 i shook his a little . 
 but he did not rouse . 
 still he seemed sleeping heavily . 
 realizing that he would soon be chilled , in the cold air , i carried his into the house , into his own room , where i had been imprisoned , and laid his on the bed , covering him with blankets . 
 still he appeared to be sleeping . 
 for an hour , perhaps , i tried to rouse his from the profound syncope or coma in which he lay . 
 i tried everything that experience and the means at hand made available . 
 and still he lay insensible . 
 a most puzzling situation , and a surprising one . 
 it was almostas if steele -- the real steele -- had been dispossessed of his body by some foul , alien being . 
 the alien , evil life had been killed by the light , and still he had not returned . 
 * * * * at last it occurred to me to try hypnotic influence -- i am a fair hypnotist , and have made a deep study of hypnotism and allied mental phenomena . 
 a forlorn hope , perhaps , since his coma appeared so deep . 
 but i was driven to clutch at any straw . 
 exerting all my will to recall his mind , placing my hand upon his smooth brow , or making slow passes over him still , pale , lovely face , i commanded his again and again to open his eyes . 
 and suddenly , when i was almost on the point of new despair , his eyelids flickered , lifted . 
 of course , it may have been a natural awakening , though a most unusual one , instead of the result of my efforts . 
 but his blue eyes opened and stared up at me . 
 but still he was not normally awake . 
 no life or feeling was revealed in the azure depths of his eyes . 
 they were clouded , shadowed with sleep . 
 their opening seemed to have been a mechanical answer to my commands . 
 ` speak . 
 steele , my steele , speak to me ! ' 
 i cried . 
 his pale lips parted . 
 from them came low , sleep-drugged tones . 
 ` cloris . ' 
 he spoke my name in that small , colorless voice . 
 ` steele , what has happened to you and my father ? ' 
 i cried . 
 and here is what he told me , in that tiny , toneless voice . 
 i have condensed it somewhat , for many times his voice wandered wearily , died away , and i had to prompt him , question him , almost force his to continue . 
 ` my mother came here to help dr. mclaurin with her experiment , ' he began , slowly , in a low monotone . ' 
 i did not understand all of it , but they sought for other worlds besides ours . 
 other dimensions , interlocking with our own . 
 dr. mclaurin had been working out her theory for many years , basing her work upon the new mathematics of weyl and einstein . 
 ` not simple is our universe . 
 worlds upon worlds lie side by side , like the maids of a book -- and each world unknown to all the others . 
 strange worlds touching , spinning side by side , yet separated by walls not easily broken down . 
 * * * * ` in vibration is the secret . 
 for all matter , all light , all sound , all our universe , is of vibration . 
 all material things are formed of vibrating particles of electricity -- electrons . 
 and each world , each universe , has its own order of vibration . 
 and through each , all unknown and unseen , are the myriad other worlds and universes vibrating , each with an order of its own . 
 ` dr. mclaurin knew by mathematics that these other worlds must exist . 
 it was her wish to explore them . 
 here she came , to be alone , with none to pry into her secrets . 
 aided by my mother , and other women , she toiled through years to build her machine . ' 
 a machine , if successful , would change the vibration rate of matter and of light . 
 to change it from the order of our dimension , to those of others . 
 with it , she might see into those myriad other worlds in space beside our own , might visit them . 
 ` the machine was finished . 
 and through its great copper ring , we saw another world . 
 a world of darkness , with midnight sky . 
 loathsome , lividly green plants writhed like reptilian monstrosities upon its black hills . 
 evil , alien life teemed upon it . 
 ` dr. mclaurin went through into that dark world . 
 the horror of it broke down her mind . 
 a strange madman , she came back . 
 her eyes were green and shining , and her skin was very white . 
 ` and things she brought back with her -- clinging , creeping things of foul blackness , that stole the bodies of women and beasts . 
 evil , living things , that are the mistresses of the black dimension . 
 one crept into me , and took my body . 
 it ruled me , and i know only like a dim dream what it made my body do . 
 to it , my body was but a machine . 
 ` dim dreams . 
 terrible dreams . 
 dreaming of running over the snow , hunting for wolves . 
 dreams of bringing them back , for the black things to flow into , and make live again . 
 dreams of torturing my mother , whom no black thing took , at first . 
 * * * * ` fathers was tortured , gnawed . 
 my body did it . 
 but i did not do it . 
 i was far away . 
 i saw it only dimly , like a bad dream . 
 one of the black creatures had come into my body , taken it from me . 
 ` new to our world were the black things . 
 light slays them , for it is a force strange to their world , against which they have no armor . 
 and so they dug a deep place , to slink into by day . 
 ` the ways of our world they knew not ; nor the language ; nor the machines . 
 they made father teach them ; teach them to speak ; to read books ; to run the machine through which they came . 
 they plan to bring many of their evil kind through the machine , to conquer our world . 
 they plan to make black clouds to hide the sun forever , so our world will be as dark as their own . 
 they plan to seize the bodies of all women and animals , to use as machines to do that thing . 
 ` when father knew the plan , she would not tell them more . 
 so my body gnawed her -- while i looked on from afar , and could not help . 
 then she pretended to be in accord with them . 
 they let her loose . 
 she smashed the machine with an ax , so no more evil things could come through . 
 then she blew off her head with a gun , so they could not torture her , and make her aid them again . 
 ` the black things could not themselves repair the machine . 
 but in letters they learned of cloris mclaurin , daughter of dr. mclaurin . 
 she , too , knew of machines . 
 they sent for her , to torture her as father had been tortured . 
 again my mind was filled with grief , for she was dear to me . 
 but my body gnawed her , while she aided the black things to build a new machine . 
 ` then she broke it . 
 and then ... then ... ' his tiny , toneless voice died wearily away . 
 his blue eyes , still clouded with shadowed sleep , stared up unseeingly . 
 deep indeed was his strange trance . 
 he had even forgotten that it was i to whom he spoke ! 
 chapter x the creeping darkness as amazing and terrible story , was steele 's . 
 in part , it was almost incredible . 
 yet , much as i wished to doubt it , and much as i wished to discount the horror that it promised our fair earth , i knew that it must be true . 
 prominent scientists have speculated often enough of the possibility of other worlds , other planes , side by side with our own . 
 for there is nothing solid or impenetrable about the matter of our universe . 
 the electron is thought to be only a vibration in the ether . 
 and in all probability , there are vibrating fields of force , forming other electrons , other atoms , other suns and planets , existing beside our world , yet not making their existence known . 
 only a tiny band of the vibrations in the spectrum is visible to our eyes as light . 
 if our eyes were tuned to other bands , above the ultra-violet , or below the infra-red , what new , strange worlds might burst upon our vision ? 
 no , i could not doubt that part of steele 's story . 
 my mother had studied the evidence upon the existence of such worlds invisible to us , more deeply than any other woman , had published her findings , with complete mathematical proof , in her startling work , ` interlocking universes . ' 
 if those parallel worlds were to be discovered , she was the logical woman to make the discovery . 
 and i could not doubt that she had made it -- for i had seen that world of dread nightstallion , beyond the copper ring ! 
 and i had seen , in that dark , alien world , the city of the creeping things of blackness . 
 i could well believe the part of the story about those strangely malignant entities stealing the bodies of women and animals . 
 it offered the first rational solution of all the astounding facts i had observed , since the night of my coming to hebron . 
 and it came to me suddenly that soon the monstrous beings would have the machine repaired ; they could need no further aid from me . 
 then other hordes of the black shapes would come through . 
 come to seize our world , steele had said , to enslave humanity , to aid them in making our world a planet of darkness like the grim sphere they left . 
 it seemed mad , incredible -- yet i knew it was true ! 
 * * * * i must do something against them ! 
 fight them -- fight them with light ! 
 light was the one force that destroyed them . 
 that had freed steele from his dread bondage . 
 but i must obtain better means of making light than a few matches . 
 lamps would do ; a searchlight , perhaps . 
 and i was determined to take steele to hebron , if he were able to go . 
 i must go there to find the supplies i needed , and yet i could not bear the thought of leaving his for the monstrosities to find when night fell again , to seize his fair body again for their foul ends . 
 i found that at my command he would move , stand , and walk , though slowly and stiffly , like a person walking in sleep . 
 it was still early morning , and i thought there might be time for his to walk to hebron , with me to support his steps , before the fall of darkness . 
 i investigated his possessions in the room , found clothing for him : woolen stockings , strong shoes , knickers , sweater , gloves , cap . 
 his efforts to dress himself were slow and clumsy , like those of a weary child , trying to pull off her clothing when half asleep , and i had to aid him . 
 he seemed not to be hungry . 
 but when we stopped in the dining room , where the remainder of the food still lay on the table , i made his drink a tin of milk . 
 he did it mechanically . 
 as for myself , i ate heartily , despite ill-omened recollections of how i had eaten at this table on the eve of my first attempt to escape . 
 we set out across the snow , following along by the wire fence as i had done before . 
 i could distinguish my old footprints and the mingled tracks of wolf , woman , and horse , in the trail the pursuing pack had left . 
 we followed that trail with greater ease now , for the soft snow had been packed by the running feet . 
 i walked with an arm about steele 's waist , sometimes half-carrying him , speaking to his encouragingly . 
 he responded with slow , dull mechanical efforts . 
 his mind seemed far away ; his blue eyes were misty with strange dreams . 
 * * * * as the hours of weary struggle went by , with his warm body against mine , it came to me that i loved his very much , and that i would give my life to save his from the dread fate that menaced us . 
 once i stopped , and drew his unresisting body fiercely to me , and brought my mouth close to his pale lips , that were composed , and a little parted , and perfumed with sleep . 
 his blue eyes stared at me blankly , still clouded with sleep , devoid of feeling or understanding . 
 suddenly i knew that it would be wrong to kiss his so . 
 i pushed his pliant body back , and led his on across the snow . 
 the sun reached the zenith , and began declining slowly westward . 
 as the evening wore on , steele seemed to tire -- or perhaps it was only that his trance-like state became deeper . 
 he responded more slowly to my urgings that we must hurry . 
 when , for a few moments , my encouraging voice was silent , he stood motionless , rigid , as if lost in strange vision . 
 i hurried his on desperately , commanding his steadily to keep up his efforts . 
 my eyes were anxiously on the setting sun . 
 i knew that we would have scant time to reach the village before the fall of night ; haste was imperative . 
 at last , when the sun was still some distance above the white horizon , we came within sight of the town of hebron . 
 a cluster of dark specks , upon the limitless plain of glittering snow . 
 three miles away , they must have been . 
 still the boy seemed to sink deeper into the strange sea of sleep from which only hypnotic influence had lifted him . 
 by the time we had covered another mile , he refused to respond to my words . 
 he was breathing slowly , regularly ; his body was limp , flaccid ; his eyes had closed . 
 i could do nothing to rouse him . 
 * * * * the sun had touched the snow , coloring the western world with pale rose and purple fires . 
 darkness was not far away . 
 desperately , i took the limp , relaxed body of the boy upon my shoulders and staggered on beneath the burden . 
 it was no more than two miles to hebron ; i had hopes of getting there with him before dark . 
 but the snow was so deep as to make the effort of even unburdened walking exhausting . 
 and my body was worn out , after the terrible experiences i had lately undergone . 
 before i had tottered on half a mile , i realized that my effort was hopeless . 
 dusk had fallen . 
 the moon had not yet risen , but the snow gleamed silvery under the ghostly twilight that still flooded the sky . 
 my ears were straining fearfully for the voice of the dreadful pack . 
 but a shroud of utter silence hung about me . 
 i was still plodding wearily along , carrying steele . 
 abruptly i noticed that his body , against my hands , was becoming strangely cold . 
 anxiously , i laid his down upon the snow , to examine his -- trembling with a premonition of the approaching horror . 
 his body was icy cold . 
 and it had again become ghastly , deathly white . 
 white as when i had seen his running over the snow with the gaunt gray wolf ! 
 but his limbs , strangely , did not stiffen ; they were still pliant , relaxed . 
 it was not the chill of death coming over him ; it was the cold of that alien life , which the sunlight had driven from him , returning with the darkness ! 
 i knew that he would soon be a human boy no longer , but a weird wolf-woman , and the knowledge chilled my soul with horror ! 
 for a few moments i crouched beside his inert body , pleading wildly with his to come back to me , crying out to his almost insanely . 
 * * * * then i saw the hopelessness of it , and the danger . 
 the monstrous life would flow into his again . 
 and he would carry me back to hateful captivity in the subterranean temple , to be a slave of the monsters -- or perhaps a member of their malefic society . 
 i must escape ! 
 for his sake . 
 for the world 's . 
 it would be better to abandon his now , and go on alone , than have his carry me back . 
 perhaps i would have another chance to save him . 
 and i must somehow render his helpless , so that he could not pursue me , when the dread life returned to his body . 
 i snatched off my coat , and then my shirt . 
 in anxious haste , i tore the shirt into strips , which i twisted rapidly into cords . 
 i drew his ankles together , passed the improvised bonds about them , knotted them tightly . 
 i turned the frightfully pallid , corpse-cold boy upon his face , crossed the lax arms behind his back , and fastened his wrists together with another rope of twisted cloth . 
 then , by way of extra precaution i slipped my trousers and buckled it firmly about his waist , over the crossed wrists , pinioning them . 
 finally i spread on the snow the coat i had taken off , and laid his upon it , for i wanted his to be as comfortable as possible . 
 then i started off toward hebron , where a little cluster of white lights shone across the snow , through the gray , gathering dusk . 
 i had gone but a few steps when something made me pause , look back , fearfully . 
 the inert , deathly pallid body of the boy still lay upon the coat . 
 beyond it , i glimpsed a strange and dreadful thing , swiftly through the ghostly , gray twilight . 
 incredible and hideous was the thing i gazed upon . 
 i can hardly find words to describe it ; i can give the reader no idea of the weird , icy horror that grasped my heart with dread fingers as i saw it . 
 it was a mass of darkness , flowing over the snow . 
 a creeping cloud of foul _ blackness _ , shapeless and many-tentacled . 
 its form changed continually as it moved . 
 it had no limbs , no features -- only the inky , snake-like , clinging extensions of its blackness , that it thrust out to move itself along . 
 but deep bright green points -- like eyes . 
 green baleful orbs , aflame with fiendish malevolence ! 
 * * * * it was alive , this living darkness . 
 it was unlike any higher form of life . 
 but it has since come to me that it resembled the amoeba -- a single-cell animal , a flowing mass of protoplasmic pseudopods from its mass . 
 and the green eyes of horror , in which its unearthly life appeared to be concentrated , perhaps correspond to the vacuoles or nuclei of the protozoan animals . 
 i realized , with a paralyzing sensation of horror unutterable , that it was one of the monsters from that world of black nightstallion , beyond the copper ring . 
 and that it was coming to claim again steele 's body , to which it was still connected by some tainted bond . 
 though it seemed only to creep or flow , it moved with a terrible swiftness -- far faster , even , than the wolves . 
 in a moment after i saw it , it had reached steele 's body . 
 it paused , hung over him , a thick , viscid , clinging cloud of unclean blackness with those greenish , fearful eyes staring from its foul mass . 
 for a moment it hid his body , with its creeping , sprawling , ink-black and shapeless masses , crawling over him like horrid tentacles . 
 then it _ flowed _ into his body . 
 it seemed to stream through his nostrils , into his mouth . 
 the black cloud hanging over him steadily diminished . 
 the infernal green orbs remained above , in the writhing darkness , until the last . 
 and then they seemed to sink into his eyes . 
 abruptly , his pallid body came to terrible life . 
 he writhed , straining at his bonds with preternatural strength , rolling from the coat into the snow , hideously convulsed . 
 his eyes were open again -- and they shone , not with their own life , but with the dreadful fire of the green , malevolent orbs that had sunk into them . 
 his eyes were the eyes of the creeping blackness . 
 from his throat came the soul-numbing , wolfish baying , that i had already heard under such frightful circumstances . 
 it was an animal cry , yet it had an uncanny human note that was terrifying . 
 he was calling to the pack ! 
 * * * * that sound nerved my paralyzed limbs . 
 for the few moments that it had taken the monstrous thing of blackness to flow into steele 's body , i had stood motionless , transfixed with the horror of it . 
 now i turned and ran madly across the snow toward the dancing lights of hebron . 
 behind me the werewoman still writhed in the snow , trying to break his bonds , howling weirdly -- summoning the pack ! 
 those twinkling lights seemed to mock me . 
 they looked very near across the ghostly , gleaming plain of snow . 
 they seemed to dance away from me as i ran . 
 they seemed to move like fireflies , pausing until i was almost upon them , then retreating , to scintillate far across the snow . 
 i forgot my weariness , forgot the dull , throbbing pain of the unhealed wound in my leg . 
 i ran desperately , as i had never run before . 
 not only was my life at stake , but steele 's and my mother 's . 
 even , i had good reason to fear , the lives of all humanity . 
 before i had covered half the distance , i heard behind me the voice of the pack . 
 a weird , wailing , far-off cry which grew swiftly louder . 
 the werewoman had called , and the pack was coming to free him . 
 * * * * on i ran . 
 my steps seemed so pitifully short , despite my agony of effort , so pitifully slow . 
 my feet sank deep into the snow which seemed to cling to them with maleficent demon-fingers . 
 and the lights that seemed so near appeared to be dancing mockingly away before me . 
 sweat poured from my body . 
 my lungs throbbed with pain . 
 my breath came in quick , agonized gasps . 
 my heart seemed to hammer against the base of my brain . 
 my mind seemed drowning in a sea of pain . 
 and on i ran . 
 the lights of hebron became unreal ghost-fires , false will-o ' - the-wisps . 
 they quivered before me in a blank world of gray darkness . 
 and i labored on toward them , through a dull haze of agony . 
 i saw nothing else . 
 and nothing did i hear , but the moaning of the pack . 
 i was so weary that i could not think . 
 but i suddenly became aware that the pack was very near . 
 i think i turned my head and glanced back for a moment . 
 or it may be that i remember the pack only as i saw it in imagination . 
 but i have a very vivid picture of gaunt gray wolves leaping and baying hideously , and pallid , green-eyed women running with them , howling with them . 
 yet on i ran , fighting the black mists of exhaustion that closed about my brain . 
 heartbreaking inertia seemed to oppose every effort , as if i were swimming against a resisting tide . 
 on and on i ran , with eyes for nothing , thought for nothing , except the lights before me , the dancing , mocking lights of hebron , that seemed very near , and always fled before me . 
 then suddenly i was lying in the soft snow with my eyes closed . 
 the yielding couch was very comfortable to my exhausted body . 
 i lay there , relaxed . 
 i did not even try to rise ; my strength was utterly gone . 
 blackness came upon me -- unconsciousness that even the howling of the pack could not keep away . 
 the weird ululation seemed to grow fainter and i knew no more . 
 chapter xi a battle of light and darkness ` pretty near all in , ai n't you , mister ? ' 
 a rough voice penetrated to my fatigue-drugged mind . 
 strong hands were helping me to my feet . 
 i opened my eyes and stared confusedly about me . 
 two roughly clad women were supporting me . 
 and another , whom i recognized as the station agent , connell , held a gasoline lantern . 
 before me , almost at hand , were the lights of hebron , which had seemed to dance away so mockingly . 
 i saw that i had collapsed in the outskirts of the straggling village -- so near the few street lights that the pack had been unable to approach me . 
 ` that you , mclaurin ? ' 
 connell demanded in surprise , recognizing my face . 
 ` we figgered they got you and judson . ' 
 ` they did , ' i found voice to say . 
 ` but they carried me off alive . 
 i got away . ' 
 i was too nearly dead with exhaustion to answer their questions . 
 only vaguely do i recall how they carried me into a house , and undressed me . 
 i went to sleep while they were examining the wound on my leg , exclaiming with horror at the marks of teeth . 
 after i was sleeping they dressed it again , and then put me to bed . 
 it was noon of the following day when i awoke . 
 a nervous girl of perhaps ten years was sitting by the bed . 
 her name , she said , was mavra potts , daughter of joeyl potts , owner of a general store in hebron . 
 her mother had been one of the women who had found me when their attention was attracted by the howling of the pack . 
 i had been carried into the potts home . 
 the girl called her mother . 
 he , finding that i was hungry , soon brought me coffee , biscuits , bacon , and fried potatoes . 
 i ate with good appetite , though i was far from recovered from my desperate run to escape the pack . 
 while i was eating , still lying in bed , raised on an elbow , my host came in . 
 connell , the station agent , and two other women were with her . 
 * * * * all were anxious to hear my story . 
 i told it to them briefly , or as much of it as i thought they would believe . 
 from them i learned that the weird pack had found several more human victims . 
 a lone ranch house had been raided on the night before and three women carried from it . 
 they told me , too , that judson , frantic with grief over the loss of his wife , had gone out across the snow to seek her and had not come back . 
 how well i recalled now that he had found her ! 
 bitterly i reproached myself for having urged the woman to risk the night trip with me . 
 i inquired if any steps had been made to hunt the wolves . 
 the sheriff , i learned , had organized a posse , which had ventured out from hebron several times . 
 abundant tracks of women and wolves , running side by side , had been found . 
 there had been no difficulty in following the trail . 
 but , i gathered , the hunters had not been very eager for success . 
 the snow was deep ; they could not travel rapidly , and they had owned no intention of meeting the pack by night . 
 the trails had never been followed more than six or seven miles from hebron . 
 the sheriff had returned to the county seat , twelve miles down the railroad , promising to return when the snow had melted enough to make traveling easier . 
 and the few score inhabitants of hebron , though deeply disturbed by the fate of their neighbors who had been taken by the pack , had been too much terrorized to undertake any determined expedition on their own account . 
 when i spoke of getting someone to return with me to the ranch , quick evasions met me . 
 the example of judson 's fate was very strongly in the minds of all present . 
 none cared to risk being caught away from the town by night . 
 i realized that i must act alone , unaided . 
 * * * * most of that day i remained in bed , recuperating . 
 i knew that i would need my full strength for the trial that lay before me . 
 i investigated the available resources , however , and made plans for my mad attempt to strike at the menace that overhung humanity . 
 with the girl , mavra , acting as my agent , i purchased an ancient buggy , with a brown nag and harness , to carry me back to the ranch house ; my efforts to rent a vehicle , or to hire someone to take me back , had proved signal failures . 
 i had her also to arrange to procure for me other equipment . 
 i had her buy a dozen gasoline lanterns , with an abundant supply of mantles , and two five-gallon tins , full of gasoline . 
 find ing that the hebron high school boasted a meager supply of laboratory equipment , i sent the girl in search of magnesium ribbon , and sulphur . 
 she returned with a good bundle of the thin , metallic strips , cut in various lengths . 
 i dipped the ends of each strip in molten sulphur , to facilitate lighting . 
 she bought me two powerful electric flashlights , with a supply of spare bulbs and batteries , extra ammunition for my automatic , and two dozen sticks of dynamite , with caps and fuses . 
 next morning i woke early , feeling much recovered . 
 the shallow , gnawed wound in my leg was fast healing , and had ceased to pain me greatly . 
 as i sat down to a simple breakfast with the potts family , i assured them confidently that , on this day , i was going to return to the den of the strange pack , from which i had escaped , and put an end to it . 
 before we had finished eating , i heard the hail of the woman from whom the buggy had been bought , driving up to deliver it and collect the ample price that mavra potts had agreed that i would pay . 
 the girl went out with me . 
 we took the vehicle , and together made the rounds of hebron 's few stores , collecting the articles she had bought for me on the day before -- the lanterns , the supply of gasoline , the electric searchlights , and the dynamite . 
 * * * * it was still early morning when i left the girl at the end of the street , rewarding her with a bill , and drove alone through the snow , back toward the lonely ranch house where i had experienced such horrors . 
 the day , though bright , was cold . 
 the snow had never begun to thaw ; it was still as thick as ever . 
 my brown nag plodded along slowly , her feet and the buggy 's tires crunching through the crusted snow . 
 as hebron vanished behind me , and i was surrounded only by the vast , glittering sea of unbroken snow , fear and dread came upon me -- a violent longing to hurry to some crowded haunt of women . 
 my imagination pictured the terrors of the night , when the weird pack would run again upon the snow . 
 how easy would it be to return , take the train for new york , and forget the terrors of this place ! 
 no , i knew that i could never forget . 
 i could never forget the threat of that dread , night-black world beyond the copper ring , the fact that its evil spawn planned to seize our world and make it a sphere of rotting gloom like their own . 
 and steele ! 
 never could i forget him . 
 i knew now that i loved him , that i must save his or perish with him . 
 i urged the pony on , across the lonely and illimitable desert of sunlit snow . 
 it was somewhat past noon when i reached the ranch house . 
 but i still had a safe margin of daylight . 
 immediately i set about my preparations . 
 there was much to do : unpacking the boxes piled on the buggy ; filling the dozen gasoline lanterns , pumping them up with air , burning their mantles , and seeing that they operated satisfactorily ; attaching caps and fuses to the sticks of dynamite , testing my powerful flashlights ; loading the little automatic and filling the extra clips ; stowing conveniently in my pockets an abundance of matches , ammunition , extra batteries for the electric torches , the strips of magnesium ribbon . 
 * * * * the sun was still high when the preparations were completed . 
 i took time then to put the pony in the stable behind the old house . 
 i locked the door , and barricaded the building , so that , if any dread change converted the animal into a green-eyed monster , it would find itself imprisoned . 
 then i went through the old house , carrying a lighted lantern . 
 it was silent , deserted . 
 all the monsters were evidently below . 
 the door of the cellar was closed , all crevices chinked against light . 
 i lit my dozen powerful lanterns and arranged them in a circle about it . 
 then i threw back the door . 
 a weird and fearful howl came from the dark passage below it ! 
 i heard the rush of feet , as the howling thing retreated down the tunnel . 
 from below came angry growls , shrill feral whines . 
 a physical wave of nauseating horror broke chillingly over me , at the thought of invading that red-lit temple-burrow , where i had endured such unnameable atrocities of horror . 
 i shrank back , trembling . 
 but at the thought of my own mother and lovely , blue-eyed steele , down in that temple of terror , ruled by foul monsters , i recovered my courage . 
 i stepped back toward the yawning black mouth of the den that these monsters had built . 
 the lanterns i had first intended to leave in a ring about the mouth of the burrow , except one to carry with me . 
 now it occurred to me that they would prevent the escape of the monsters more effectively if scattered along the passage . 
 i gathered up six of them , three in each hand , and started down the steps . 
 their powerful white rays illuminated the old cellar with welcome brilliance . 
 i left one of them there , in the center of the cellar 's floor . 
 and three more of them i set along the slanting passage that led down into the deeper excavation . 
 i intended to set the two that remained on the floor of the temple , and perhaps return to the surface for others . 
 i hoped that the light would drive the alien life from all of the pack , as it had from steele . 
 when they were unconscious , i could carry out steele and my mother , and any of the others that seemed whole enough for normal life . 
 the great machine , and the temple itself , i intended to destroy with the dynamite . 
 * * * * i stepped from the end of the passage , into the vast , black , many-pillared hall . 
 the intense white radiance of the faintly humming lanterns dispelled the terrible , blood-red gloom . 
 i heard an appalling chorus of agonized animal cries ; weird , feral whines and howls of pain . 
 in the farther end of the long hall , beyond the massive ebon pillars , i saw slinking , green-orbed forms , crowding into the shadows . 
 i set the two lanterns down on the black floor and drew one of the powerful flashlights from my pocket . 
 its intense , penetrating beam probed the shadows beyond the huge columns of jet . 
 the cowering , howling shapes of women and wolves shrieked when it touched them , and fell to the black floor . 
 confidently i stepped forward , to search out new corners with the brilliant finger of light . 
 fatal confidence ! 
 i had underestimated the cunning and the science of my enemies . 
 when i first saw the black globe , my foot was already poised above it . 
 a perfect sphere of utter blackness , a foot-thick globe that looked as if it had been turned from midnight crystal . 
 i could not avoid touching it . 
 and it seemed to explode at my touch . 
 there was a dull , ominous plop . 
 and billowing darkness rushed from it . 
 a black gas swirled up about me and shrouded me in smothering gloom . 
 wildly i turned , dashed back toward the passage that led up to open air and daylight . 
 i was utterly blinded . 
 the blazing lanterns were completely invisible . 
 i heard one of them dashed over by my blundering feet . 
 then i stumbled against the cold temple wall . 
 in feverish haste i felt along it . 
 in either direction , as far as i could reach , the wall was smooth . 
 where was the passage ? 
 a dozen feet i blundered along , feeling the wall . 
 no , the passage must be in the other direction . 
 i turned . 
 the triumphant , unearthly baying of the pack reached my ears ; the padding of feet down the length of the temple . 
 i rushed along the wall , stumbled and fell over a hot lantern . 
 and they were upon me ... * * * * the strange , sourceless , blood-hued radiance of the temple was about me once more . 
 the thick , black pillars thrust up beside me , to support the ebon roof . 
 i was bound , helpless , to one of those cold , massive columns , as i had once been before , with the same bloody rope . 
 before me was the strange mechanism that opened the way to that other plane -- the black dimension -- by changing the vibration frequencies of the matter of one world , to those of the other , interlocking universe . 
 the red light gleamed like blood on the copper ring , and the huge mirror behind it . 
 i saw with relief that the electron tubes were dead , the gasoline engine silent , the blackness gone from the ring . 
 and before the ring had been erected a fearful altar , upon which reposed the torn , mangled , and bleeding bodies of women and men , of gaunt gray wolves , and little coyotes , and other animals . 
 the pack had found good hunting , on the two nights that i had been gone ! 
 the corpse-white , green-orbed , monstrous things , the frightfully changed bodies of steele and my mother and the others , were about me . 
 ` your coming back is good , ' the whining , feral tones of the thing in my mother 's body rang dreadfully in my ears . 
 ` the manufacturer of electricity will not run . 
 you return to make it turn again . 
 the way must be opened again , for new life to come to these that wait . ' 
 she pointed a deathly white arm to the pile of weltering bodies on the black floor . 
 ` then the new life to you also we will bring . 
 too many times you run away . 
 you become one with us . 
 and we seek a woman who will act as we say . 
 but first must the way be opened again . 
 ` from our world will the life come . 
 to take the bodies of women as machines . 
 to make gas of darkness like that you found within this hall , to hide all the light of your world , and make it fit for us . ' 
 my mind reeled with horror at thought of the inconceivable , unthinkable menace risen like a dread specter to face humanity . 
 at the thought that soon i , too , would be a mere machine . 
 my body , cold and white as a corpse , doing unnameable deeds at the command of the thing of darkness whose green eyes would blaze in my sockets ! 
 ` quickly tell the method to turn the maker of electricity , ' came the maleficent snarl , menacing , gloating , ` or we gnaw the flesh from your bones , and seek another who will do our will ! ' 
 * * * * chapter xii spawn of the black dimension i agreed to attempt to start the little gasoline engine , hoping for some opportunity to turn the tables again . 
 i was certain that i could do nothing so long as i was bound to the pillar . 
 and the threat to find another normal woman to take my place as teacher of these monsters from that alien world brought realization that i must strike soon . 
 presently they were convinced that they required more than verbal aid in starting the little motor . 
 one of the mechanics unbound me , and led me over to the machine , keeping a painful grip upon my arm with ice-cold fingers . 
 unobtrusively , i dropped a hand to feel my pockets . 
 they were empty ! 
 ` make not light ! ' 
 my mother snarled warningly , having seen the movement . 
 they had awakened to the necessity of searching my person . 
 glancing about the red-lit temple , i saw the articles they had taken from me , in a little pile against the base of a huge black pillar . 
 the automatic , spare clips of ammunition , flashlights , batteries , boxes of matches , strips of magnesium ribbon . 
 the two gasoline lanterns that i had brought into the great hall were there too , having evidently been extinguished by the black gas which had blinded me . 
 two gray wolves stood alertly beside the articles , which must have been taken from me before i recovered consciousness after the onrush of the pack . 
 their strange green eyes stared at me balefully , through the crimson gloom . 
 after fussing with the engine for a few moments , while my mother kept her cold , cruelly firm grip upon my shoulder , and scores of hideous green orbs in the bodies of wolves and women watched my every move , i discovered that it had stopped for lack of fuel . 
 they had let it run on after i wrecked the machine , until the gasoline was exhausted . 
 i explained to my mother that it would not run without more gasoline . 
 ` make it turn to cause electricity , ' she said , repeating her menacing , wolfish snarl , ` or we gnaw the flesh from your bones , and find another woman . ' 
 * * * * at first i insisted that i could not get gasoline without visiting some inhabited place . 
 under the threat of torture however -- when they dragged me back toward the bloody rope -- i confessed that the fuel in the gasoline lanterns might be used . 
 they were suspicious . 
 they searched me again , to be certain that i had upon my person no means of making a light . 
 and the lanterns were examined very carefully for any means of lighting without matches . 
 finally they brought me the lanterns . 
 with my mother grasping my arm , i poured the gasoline from them into the engine 's fuel tank . 
 under any circumstances it would have been difficult to avoid spilling the liquid . 
 i took pains to spill as much as seemed possible without rousing suspicion -- contriving to pour a little pool of it under the exhaust , where a spark might ignite the fumes . 
 then they made me start the engine . 
 coils hummed once more ; the electron tubes lit . 
 blackness seemed to pour from the strange central tube , to be reflected into the great copper ring by the wide , polished mirror . 
 again , i looked through the vast ring into the black dimension ! 
 before me lay a sky of gloom , of darkness unutterable and unbroken , stagnant , lurid waters , dimly aglow with the luminosity of foul decay ; worn black hills , covered with obscene , writhing , reptilian vegetation that glowed vaguely and lividly green . 
 and on one of those hills was the city . 
 a sprawled smear of red evil , it was , a splash of crimson darkness , of red corruption . 
 it spread over the hill like a many-tentacled monster of dark red mist . 
 ugly masses rose from it , wart-like knobs and projections -- ghastly travesties of minarets and towers . 
 it was motionless . 
 and within its reeking , fetid scarlet darkness , lurked things of creeping gloom -- nameless hordes of things like that unthinkable monstrosity that i had seen flow into steele 's body . 
 green-eyed , living horrors of flowing blackness . 
 the monsters about me howled through the ring , into that black world -- calling ! 
 * * * * and soon , through the copper ring , came flowing a river of shapeless , inconceivable horror ! 
 formless monsters of an alien universe . 
 foul beings of the darkness -- spawn of the black dimension ! 
 fearful green eyes were swimming in clotted , creeping masses of evil darkness . 
 they swarmed over the pile of dead things on the floor . 
 and the dead rose to forbidden , nameless life ! 
 mutilated corpses , and the torn bodies of wolves sprang up , whining , snarling . 
 and the eyes of each were the malevolent , glaring green eyes of the things that had flowed into them . 
 i was still beside the rhythmically throbbing little engine . 
 as i shrank back in numbed horror from the fearful spectacle of the dead rising to unhallowed life , my eyes fell despairingly upon the little pool of gasoline i had spilled upon the black floor . 
 it was not yet ignited . 
 i had some fleeting idea of trying to saturate my hand with gasoline and hold it in front of the exhaust , to make of it a living torch . 
 but it was too late for that , and the ruthless , ice-cold fingers still clutched my arm painfully . 
 then my mother whined wolfishly . 
 a creepy , formless , obscene mass of blackness , with twin green orbs in it , glowing with mad , alien fires , left the river of them that poured through the ring and crept across to me . 
 ` now you become one like us ! ' 
 came the whining voice . 
 the thing was coming to flow into my body , to make me its slave , its machine ! 
 i screamed , struggled in the cruel hands that held me . 
 in an insanity of terror , i cursed and pleaded -- promised to give the monsters the world . 
 and the creeping blackness came on . 
 i collapsed , drenched with icy sweat , quivering , nauseated with horror . 
 * * * * then , as i had prayed it would do , the little engine coughed . 
 a stream of pale red sparks shot from the exhaust . 
 there was a sudden , dull , explosive sound of igniting vapor . 
 a yellow flash lit the black-pillared temple . 
 a flickering column of blue and yellow flame rose from the pool of gasoline beside the engine . 
 the things of blackness were consumed by the light -- they vanished ! 
 the temple became a bedlam of shrill , agonized howls , of confused , rushing , panic-stricken bodies . 
 the fierce grasp upon my arm was relaxed . 
 my mother fell upon the floor , writhing across the room toward the shelter of a black pillar , hiding her green eyes with an arm flung across them . 
 i saw that the gray wolves had deserted their post beside the articles of mine they had been guarding , at the foot of the massive black column . 
 i left the flickering pillar of fire and dashed across to them . 
 in a moment my shaking hands had clutched upon one of the powerful electric flashlights . 
 in desperate haste i found the switch and flicked it on . 
 with the intense , dazzling beam , i swept the vast columned hall . 
 the hellish chorus of animal cries of pain rose to a higher pitch . 
 i saw gray wolves and ghastly white women cowering in the shadows of the massive pillars . 
 i snatched up the other searchlight and turned it on . 
 then , hastily gathering up pistol , ammunition , matches , and strips of magnesium ribbon , i retreated to a position beside the flaring gasoline . 
 this time i moved very cautiously , flashing the light before me to avoid stumbling into another bomb of darkness , like that which had been my undoing before . 
 but i think my precaution was useless ; i am sure , from what i afterward saw , that only one had been prepared . 
 * * * * as i got back to the engine , i noticed that it was still running , that the way to the black dimension , through the copper ring , was still open . 
 i cut off the fuel , at the carburetor . 
 the little engine coughed , panted , slowed down . 
 the wall of darkness faded from the copper ring , breaking our connection with that hideous world of another interpenetrating universe . 
 then i hastily laid the flashlights on the floor , laying them so they cast their broad , bright beams in opposite directions . 
 i fumbled for matches , struck one to the end of a strip of magnesium ribbon , to which i had applied sulphur to make it easier to light . 
 it burst into sudden blinding , dazzling , white radiance , bright as a miniature sun . 
 i flung it across the great black hall . 
 it outlined a white parabola . 
 its intense light cut the shadows from behind the ebon pillars . 
 the cowering , hiding things howled in new agony . 
 they lay on the black floor , trembling , writhing , fearfully contorted . 
 low , agonized whinings came from them . 
 again and again i ignited the thin ribbons of metal and flung them flaming toward the corners of the room , to banish all shadow with their brilliant white fire . 
 the howling grew weaker , the whines died away . 
 the wolves and the corpse-white women moved no more . 
 their fierce , twisting struggles of agony were stilled . 
 when the last strip of magnesium was gone , i drew the automatic , put a bullet through the little engine 's gasoline tank , and lit a match to the thin stream of clear liquid that trickled out . 
 as a new flaring pillar of light rushed upward , i hurried toward the passage that led to the surface , watching for another of those black spheres that erupted darkness . 
 i found the gasoline lanterns i had left in the tunnel still burning ; the monsters had evidently found no way of putting them out . 
 * * * * on to the surface i ran . 
 i gathered up the six lanterns i had left there -- still burning brilliantly in the gathering dusk -- and plunged with them back down the passage , into the huge , pillared temple . 
 the monsters were still inert , unconscious . 
 i arranged the powerful lanterns about the floor , so placed that every part of the strange temple was brilliantly illuminated . 
 in the penetrating radiance , the monsters lay motionless . 
 returning to the surface , i brought one of my full cans of gasoline , and two more of the lighted lanterns . 
 i filled , pumped up , and lit the two lanterns from which i had drawn the gasoline . 
 then i went about the black-walled temple , always keeping two lanterns close beside me , and dragged the lax , ice-cold bodies from their crouching postures , turning them so the faces would be toward the light . 
 i found steele , his lovely body still unharmed , except for its deathly pallor and its strange cold . 
 and then i came upon my mother . 
 there was also the mangled thing that had been judson , and the headless body that had been blake jetton , steele 's mother . 
 i gazed at many more lacerated human bodies and at the chill carcasses of wolves , of coyotes , of the gray horse , of a few other animals . 
 in half an hour , perhaps , the change was complete . 
 the unearthly chill of that alien life was gone from the bodies . 
 most of them quickly stiffened -- with belated rigor mortis . 
 even my mothers was quite evidently dead . 
 her body remained stiff and cold-though the strange chill had departed . 
 but steele 's exquisite form grew warm again ; the soft flush of life came to it . 
 he breathed and his heart beat slowly . 
 i carried his up to the old cellar , and laid his on its floor , with two lanterns blazing near him , to prevent any return of that forbidden life , while i finished the ghastly work left for me below . 
 * * * * i need not go into details ... but when i had used half my supply of dynamite , no recognizable fragments were left , either of the accursed machine , or of the dead bodies that had been animated with such monstrous life . 
 i planted the other dozen sticks of dynamite beside the great black pillars , and in the walls of the tunnel ... the subterranean hall that i have called a temple will never be entered again . 
 when that work was done , i carried steele up to his room , and put his very gently to bed . 
 through the night i watched his anxiously , keeping a bright light in the room . 
 but there was no sign of what i feared . 
 he slept deeply , but normally , apparently free from any taint of the monstrous life that had possessed him . 
 dawn came after a weary night , and there was a rosy gleam upon the snow . 
 the sleeping boy stirred . 
 fathomless blue eyes opened , stared into mine . 
 startled eyes , eager , questioning . 
 not clouded with dream as when he had awakened before . 
 ` cloris ! ' 
 steele cried , in his natural , softly golden voice . 
 ` cloris , what are you doing here ? 
 where 's father ? 
 dr. mclaurin ? ' 
 ` you are all right ? ' 
 i demanded eagerly . 
 ` you are well ? ' 
 ` well ? ' 
 he asked , raising his exquisite head in surprise . 
 ` of course i 'm well . 
 what could be the matter with me ? 
 dr. mclaurin is going to try her great experiment to-day . 
 did you come to help ? ' 
 then i knew -- and a great gladness came with the knowledge -- that all memory of the horror had been swept from his mind . 
 he recalled nothing that had happened since the eve of the experiment that had brought such a train of terrors . 
 he looked suddenly past me -- at the picture of myself upon the wall . 
 there was a curious expression on his face ; he flushed a little , looking very beautiful with heightened color . ' 
 i did n't give you that picture , ' i accused him . 
 i wished to avoid answering any questions , for the time being , about his mother or mine , or any experiments . ' 
 i got it from your mother , ' he confessed . 
 * * * * i have written this narrative in the home of dr. friedrichs , the noted new york psychiatrist , who is a close friend of mine . 
 i came to her as soon as steele and i reached new york , and she has since had me stay at her home , under her constant observation . 
 she assures me that , within a few weeks , i shall be completely recovered . 
 but sometimes i doubt that i will ever be entirely sane . 
 the horrors of that invasion from another universe are graven too deeply upon my mind . 
 i can not bear to be alone in darkness , or even in moonlight . 
 and i tremble when i hear the howling of a dog , and hastily seek bright lights and the company of human beings . 
 i have told dr. friedrichs my story , and she believes . 
 it is because of her urging that i have written it down . 
 it is an historical truism , my friend says , that all legend , myth , and folklore has a basis in fact . 
 and no legends are wider spread than those of lycanthropy . 
 it is remarkable that not only wolves are subjects of these legends , but the most ferocious wild animals of each country . 
 in scandinavia , for instance , the legends concern bears ; on the continent of europe , wolves ; in south america , jaguars ; in asia and africa , leopards and tigers . 
 it is also remarkable that belief in possession by evil spirits , and belief in vampires , is associated with the widespread belief in werewolves . 
 dr. friedrichs thinks that through some cosmic accident , these monsters of the black dimension have been let into our world before ; and that those curiously widespread legends and beliefs are folk-memories of horrors visited upon earth when those unthinkable monstrosities stole the bodies of women and of savage beasts , and hunted through the darkness . 
 much might be said in support of the theory , but i shall let my experience speak for itself . 
 steele comes often to see me , and he is more exquisitely lovely than i had ever realized . 
 my friend assures me that his mind is quite normal . 
 his lapse of memory is quite natural , she says , since his mind was sleeping while the alien entity ruled his body . 
 and she says there is no possibility that he will be possessed again . 
 we are planning to be married within a few weeks , as soon as dr. friedrichs says that my horror-seared mind is sufficiently healed . 
 the end artwork by roberto rizzato http://www.flickr.com/photos/rizzato/4097286819/sizes/z/in/photostream/ http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/ coming soon the adventures of bulays and ghaavn the saturn mistress -- tara loughead the gender switch adventures the valley of the flame -- henrietta kuttner 
