 zombie zora by r.g. richards smashwords edition * * * * * published by : r.g. richards on smashwords zombie zora copyright © 2012 by r.g. richards thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with friends . 
 this book may not be copied or reproduced without permission of the author . 
 your support and respect for this author 's work is appreciated . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 any resemblance to people living or dead is coincidental and unintended . 
 this is a production of the author 's imagination . 
 ***** many thanks to all those kind enough to purchase this work . 
 zombies are great and if there were an apocalypse , i would hope to be in this one . 
 if you enjoy this tale , please take a moment to post a review so others may find this work . 
 ***** zombie zora ***** chapter one the stale air surrounding us smelled of filth . 
 not filth exactly , but the constant smell of dead flesh . 
 dead and burning flesh . 
 i looked from the back of our truck as we passed them . 
 our army truck zigzagged across the road , weaving around dead and rotting bodies . 
 they used to be people and it seemed a shame to pass them as if they were road trash . 
 we would get to them later , i told myself . 
 i repeated the words in my head , for my peace of mind and sanity . 
 i looked at my fingers , long and slender with traces of a blue nail polish i used three weeks ago . 
 i hate the way they look . 
 i may be in the army , but i am still a woman . 
 first chance i get , i am going to trim my nails and repaint them . 
 that is , if i am lucky enough to find some nail polish . 
 the truck stopped and i was the first to get out . 
 i hopped over the tail of the truck , landing on the hard road . 
 lifting my rifle , i looked around for zombies , the norm these days . 
 `` clear ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 the rest of the soldiers filed out of the back of the truck , twenty in all . 
 we fanned out on the orders of our leader and took up positions on both sides of the road . 
 we were there to scout for survivors at a mansion-sized house . 
 since the world had changed and zombies had taken over the world , we , the army , had been doing our best to rescue survivors and bring them to a free zone . 
 the general talk around town was the army had created the virus that turns people into zombies , an experiment that got away from them . 
 damn germ warfare . 
 none of it was true , but as a pr campaign , we , the army , began progressively rescuing survivors . 
 the plan was simple ; listen to your radio and if you needed rescuing , gather at a central location , if you could get there , and fly a flag on your roof . 
 we would get there and bring you to safety . 
 for me , this was my fifth rescue this month . 
 i adjusted my helmet and looked down at my camouflaged uniform . 
 the uniform was n't mine . 
 it belonged to private speck and still had her nametag on the pocket . 
 my outer jacket belonged to private trakel , my boots to private browning , and my m16 used to belong to private stahmon . 
 that is the way it is in the new army . 
 when a soldier goes down , we strip them for anything salvageable . 
 we did an extensive survey of the area before sending in a small group of soldiers to rescue the survivors . 
 `` baker , jones , dushell , donovan , mackey , '' said sergeant welch , our squad leader . 
 `` go , go , go ! '' 
 that was us . 
 we ran toward the white house with the huge columns out front . 
 our guns were up and out in front of us as we stopped , to creep forward . 
 `` wait , '' said jones . 
 `` why ? '' 
 we watched a pudgy squirrel run across the front of the porch . 
 i looked at jones . 
 he smiled as if a great weight lifted from his shoulders . 
 i guess he liked squirrels , though that one looked to be a zombie . 
 `` it 's all right , '' said jones , `` let 's go . '' 
 we stepped on the porch and i took point , training my gun at the front door . 
 private jones knocked at the door , then stepped aside . 
 i readied to fire in case a zombie showed its face . 
 the door squeaked open . 
 my hand tightened on my weapon , my trigger finger ready . 
 it is so easy to squeeze , but i have to wait . 
 if its eyes were white i would stand down , if red , i would fire between its beady little eyes with pleasure . 
 i tensed as the door opened wider . 
 `` hold your fire , '' a man shouted . 
 `` come out so i can see you , '' i shouted back . 
 `` okay , okay , okay . 
 we are coming out . 
 there are six of us here . 
 we are coming out . '' 
 `` hands in the air , '' i said . 
 i watched as six people came out of the house with their hands in the air . 
 they were all old and dirty . 
 the youngest was a woman around thirty . 
 i was barely nineteen and fresh out of boot camp , or at least that 's what my squad called it . 
 by now , zombies were everywhere . 
 they had been around for two years . 
 most of the world 's population is zombie . 
 a few areas have power from power plants that had no one left to shut them off . 
 this house is one of the few with electricity ; it must belong to someone important . 
 the people came out and we marched them to the back of the truck . 
 when they settled in , we gave them bottled water and an energy bar to eat . 
 they had all come with a backpack with personal possessions and what food they had . 
 my sergeant told them to save their supplies for leaner times . 
 `` where are we headed ? '' 
 asked the man who came out first . 
 `` camp vix , '' said sergeant welch . 
 `` you will spend the night there and in the morning you will board a truck that will take you to camp brandt . '' 
 `` that 's the free zone , right ? '' 
 the sergeant nodded . 
 camp brandt was one of three strongholds we knew about . 
 another was in wyoming , the third , i ca n't recall its location . 
 i know wyoming has the largest camp and all army divisions from the southwest go there . 
 those remaining divisions in the center of the country made their way to camp brandt . 
 we hear there are over one thousand people at that camp . 
 i ca n't wait to see so many uninfected humans . 
 `` all right , guys . 
 let 's go , '' said sergeant welch . 
 the truck fired up and we started our journey back to our camp . 
 i sat on the end and watched the bodies our truck went around . 
 i hated to admit it and never did , but i am glad i am on the rescue and clean up squad . 
 our job is just that , rescue survivors and take them to safety and clean up the area . 
 clean up involves picking up human and zombie bodies and burning them in a pile away from the public . 
 the cleanup effort was supposed to slow the spread of the virus . 
 the most we knew was that you could burn the bodies and kill the virus . 
 other than that , all we knew was that you could n't let them bite you . 
 half our squad had zombie scratches . 
 for that , you go to isolation for two days . 
 if you have n't died and turned after two days , you would n't . 
 i was careful and fired at zombies before they got close enough to touch me . 
 i had come close a couple of times , but i had fared well so far . 
 well , not so well once , but that 's a story for another time . 
 my team and the survivors sat together . 
 i was glad when we turned in to the camp and got out . 
 i began walking to our barracks when our leader began shouting at us , one by one . 
 i waited for my turn , hoping it would n't go so bad this time . 
 `` baker , '' said sergeant welch . 
 `` front and center ! '' 
 i ran forward and stood in front of him at attention . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i was rigid and my salute perfect , as perfect as my limited experience would allow . 
 `` you made two mistakes , private . 
 you make two more and that 's your ass . 
 you get me , private . '' 
 `` i get you , sir . '' 
 `` fall out . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i waited for his salute and i relaxed . 
 i hustled to my bunk for rest , not knowing what i had done wrong . 
 for me , it was normal . 
 i was not the best soldier in the world . 
 i was nothing the army could be proud of . 
 i was one of their challenges . 
 my family is dead , except me and my brother . 
 we were once part of our own small army . 
 my parents had twelve kids . 
 i was fifth from the bottom ; they had begun to slow down when i came along . 
 my remaining siblings and i were years apart . 
 i guess they were wising up to the burden of having so many children . 
 we were n't catholic , so i ca n't use that as to why our family was so large , it just was and that 's that . 
 i made my way to my rack , slipped off my pants , and fell in it . 
 i was so tired that i immediately fell asleep . 
 a blaring siren woke me . 
 trained to sleep with my rifle , i immediately picked it up and searched the room for targets . 
 people ran around , some in their underwear , others fully clothed . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` infiltration . 
 zombies are in the camp , '' shouted private jones . 
 `` head to the fence , now ! '' 
 i threw on my pants and rushed to the front gate . 
 my squad was already there , firing through the fence . 
 zombies fell everywhere . 
 those hit in the head , fell and never got up , their brains spilling on the ground . 
 those shot elsewhere , shook it off and kept coming . 
 with no time for fear , i put my gun through the fence , aimed , and fired . 
 first , wildly spraying around , then i settled down and aimed at their heads . 
 my team dropped them by the dozens . 
 they came at us in a pack . 
 this is the first time it had happened . 
 the zombies must have been massing outside our perimeter and chose the nighttime as their attack time . 
 i spotted one trying to get to civilians on the back of a truck . 
 the zombie must have just turned . 
 it looked human , except for the horrible moaning sound it made , the slobber hanging out its open mouth , and the fact that it was trying to catch and eat people . 
 i aimed and fired . 
 jackpot . 
 i watched the greenish gook it called blood splash forward with its green spotted brains . 
 with no time to savor the victory , i moved on to the next one . 
 we fired away , but it did no good , too many came at us . 
 as we reloaded , they surged and came through the fence . 
 they literally knocked it down and were on us . 
 we scattered . 
 sergeant welch was in the lead and fell first . 
 i watched in horror as he ran out to fight them . 
 i can only assume he was out of ammo and fell back to hand-to-hand combat . 
 his fight lasted a moment . 
 a large zombie fell on him , they hit the ground . 
 the zombie bit into his neck and he was gone . 
 i chose that moment to space out and just watched . 
 sergeant welch was a badass and he was the one who trained me . 
 private jones fired and killed the zombie . 
 he then aimed and put a bullet in the sergeant 's head . 
 fear overwhelmed me . 
 private dushell , my bunk buddy , shook me . 
 `` get your ass in gear , baker ! '' 
 i sprang into action . 
 i aimed and fired in every direction , determined to hold my ground . 
 my squad and i fired relentlessly into the charging zombies , while others packed into trucks and sped away . 
 with all the screaming , i could n't tell what was going on . 
 i did my job and held my ground . 
 i emptied a clip , popped in a new one , and kept firing . 
 `` fall back , fall back , '' yelled private jones . 
 we walked back while firing . 
 we had no time to register the loss of our commanding officer . 
 we simply walked backward , taking up our secondary positions and allowing our convoys to escape . 
 as i was firing , i saw a crazed zombie running toward the back of a truck full of civilians making their escape . 
 at first , it looked like the same truck and same zombie . 
 i saw men throwing backpacks , bottles of water , anything they could at the chasing zombie . 
 other zombies joined the chase and became targets . 
 they fell , got up , and continued their chase . 
 the one crazed zombie could move out of the way of anything thrown at it . 
 i aimed and fired . 
 it moved . 
 oh my god ! 
 i hit a little girl in the truck . 
 she slumped and a woman stopped throwing and looked at me . 
 i could feel her astonished stare and it hurt . 
 i closed my eyes and saw the little girl 's dead eyes glaring at me . 
 i froze . 
 all i could do was watch . 
 my body refused to move , paralyzed by my actions . 
 i watched the zombie catch and leap into the stopped truck . 
 several men tried fighting it , but it did no good . 
 zombies feel no pain . 
 i wanted the truck to move , it had no driver . 
 i saw three zombies pull him from the truck and eat him . 
 i could n't even fire at them . 
 people kicked and hit the zombie with no effect . 
 the zombie reared and bit one man in his belly . 
 the screams from the man chilled my soul , he fell over . 
 instead of eating him , the zombie bit others in the truck . 
 i can only assume it was to turn them into zombies and increase their numbers . 
 were they that smart ? 
 we thought they were mindless creatures , driven to feed on human flesh . 
 that is not what i was seeing . 
 i tried to get my feet to move , but they would n't budge . 
 with nothing else to do , i helplessly watched people screaming and jumping from the truck . 
 they thought they were getting away from the crazed zombie . 
 they had simply traded one hell for another . 
 on the ground , those fortunate to stay down were bitten and eaten by chasing zombies . 
 those not so lucky , got to their feet and ran , only to fall prey to overpowering zombie hordes . 
 these unfortunates were not always eaten . 
 many passed out from the pain . 
 not the way i want to go , i assure you . 
 can you imagine running for your life ? 
 your heart pounding , your adrenaline pumping , running until you are out of breath and knowing you still ca n't stop or you 're dead ? 
 can you imagine doing all this in a lost cause ? 
 take my word for it , a fate worse than death was these monsters catching and dragging you down . 
 you fight and scream with no hope of salvation . 
 then , are bitten so hard that a chunk of flesh is taken out of you , only to look up and see the monster chewing on your insides as you pass out in pain . 
 you would think that would be bad enough , it is n't . 
 your fate is sealed , you do not die . 
 you stay unconscious for hours or days while they slowly take bite after bite out of your hide . 
 if you are remotely lucky , people like me come along and put a bullet in your head or burn you . 
 if not , and there is enough of you left after death , you wake a murdering , flesh munching monster . 
 i could n't snap my paralysis . 
 to make it worse , i could see a zombie coming straight at me , its red eyes surging with lust . 
 its mouth wide open , showing its crooked and bloodstained teeth . 
 i thought to close my eyes and surrender , i could n't even do that . 
 `` baker ! 
 baker ! '' 
 i heard shouts , then the zombie 's head exploded in my face . 
 its gooey brains and blood stained me . 
 the force of the body hitting me , made me move . 
 when i was falling backward , i sprang to life . 
 i managed to fall at an angle and forced the zombie to my left . 
 i was back . 
 `` baker ! 
 this way ! 
 move it ! '' 
 private jones was calling me . 
 he always knew how to get me going again . 
 i grabbed my gun and took off running . 
 he ran to the back of a truck filled with soldiers , my squad . 
 i jumped over bodies of dead zombies and humans . 
 i moved with lightning speed . 
 i ca n't miss this truck , this was my ride , the last ride . 
 in case of evacuations , we soldiers would lay down fire and take the last train out of dodge . 
 the whistle was blowing and the train was pulling out . 
 i ran for all i was worth and made it . 
 i leaped into a fellow soldier , knocking him down , but made it into the back of the truck . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , out of breath and low , to no one in particular . 
 i looked at private jones and relayed my message of gratitude with my eyes . 
 he tilted his head to me and i felt better . 
 i could sit and look out at the carnage behind us . 
 the truck i had been watching was swarming with zombies . 
 they were feasting and what few shouts i heard , were coming solely from zombies . 
 i turned to jones again to talk with my eyes ; we were close enough that i 'm sure he knew what i wanted to ask . 
 traces of his sandy , brown hair showed beneath his helmet . 
 traces of greenish , zombie blood blended into his uniform . 
 i looked to his lips for my answer . 
 `` he 's up front with the doctor . 
 he is all right . '' 
 private jones nodded his head in reassurance . 
 i collapsed to the bed of the truck in pure joy . 
 i shook for a moment and prayed no one saw . 
 i could breathe better . 
 as our truck sped away , i tossed and turned on the floor , letting the motion rock me to sleep . 
 i had made it , so had my little brother . 
 chapter two i woke to low voices . 
 my squad contained six people . 
 i thought everyone made it , but i was wrong . 
 i counted only three survivors . 
 i slept through the night on the hard truck 's bed and now my back ached . 
 `` hey , sleepyhead , '' said private dushell , the only other female of my group . 
 i sat to look around at everyone . 
 i did n't recognize many faces . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` we thought we lost you last night , '' said jones . 
 `` yeah , '' said donovan . 
 `` great statue of liberty impression . 
 you are going to have to show me that one . '' 
 everyone burst into laughter . 
 `` maybe i will , donovan . 
 how about i shove a torch up your manhole and set it on fire ? '' 
 `` ooh ! '' 
 came the response from the peanut gallery . 
 i smirked . 
 the truck wheels screeched and threw us forward into the truck 's cab . 
 i luckily escaped a beatdown . 
 donovan was about to shame me with his killer comeback , he was the master . 
 `` baker , take point . '' 
 private jones gave the order . 
 without questioning it , i was in army mode . 
 i rose with my weapon and ran to the back . 
 the greatest lesson i learned in boot camp was conquering fear . 
 you dive in with both feet . 
 pushing yourself into the arena of death makes you focus . 
 right now , that is what i needed to do to survive the day . 
 to let my mind wonder to other topics could get me dead in a heartbeat . 
 i stuck my gun out , then my head . 
 i heard nothing . 
 i craned my neck , still nothing . 
 assuming it safe , i hopped out the back of the truck to scan the area . 
 not seeing anything , i yelled , `` clear , '' and my crew joined me . 
 the others stayed put while we canvassed the area . 
 we were alongside a small stream . 
 dushell and i went toward the water while jones and donovan took positions on the road . 
 we completed our scans and found nothing . 
 `` all clear , '' shouted jones . 
 with that , those in the back came out and looked around . 
 i was concentrating on the front door of our truck and watched the passenger door open . 
 an older woman stepped down wearing a white nurse 's uniform . 
 behind her was my brother , simon . 
 i wanted to run to him , but could n't . 
 when i first joined the army , i got into major trouble over simon . 
 every time i saw him , i would stop what i was doing and run to him . 
 many times , like now , i was on guard duty . 
 i would desert my post , as they called it , just to go and give him a hug . 
 why they could n't understand it , was beyond me . 
 he was all i had left out of an extralarge family . 
 i needed him . 
 the army , being the army , beat it out of me . 
 not all the way , but damn near . 
 once , i got the standard treatment of marching in place in full gear while a water-hosed sadist sprayed me all night long . 
 that did n't break me . 
 two days later i did it again . 
 that time , i found myself in the stockades , next to a bitten woman in transition . 
 i learned my lesson . 
 i have n't deserted my post since . 
 i smiled and gave simon a wink as he held the nurse 's hand . 
 my gun stayed high . 
 i did n't move other than that . 
 he was only twelve , but he understood . 
 before he would have run to me , but now he only smiled and kept his distance . 
 we would talk later once everything settled down . 
 my anxiety rose by what i saw next , his doctor , doctor blake . 
 i did n't like the man the first time i met him . 
 it was n't because he was black , i 'm not prejudice . 
 the way he hung around my little brother , the way he petted him , the way he got simon to trust him so easily , it bothers me . 
 we have only been here a couple of months . 
 i went straight to the army and simon went into general population . 
 i saw him a month later , and by then , he was attached to this man . 
 it made my blood boil . 
 i was his family ; he should only be attached to me , not some random stranger . 
 `` baker , '' roared private jones . 
 `` take the west perimeter , dushell , take the east . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' said dushell . 
 she left immediately . 
 i waited , he came toward me . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i said , but stayed put . 
 when he was next to me , i spoke softly . 
 `` why are we stopping here , sir ? '' 
 `` breakfast . 
 you will keep guard while the civilians bathed in the stream , then they will sit down to breakfast . 
 you will rotate out after they have finished . 
 is that good with you , private ? '' 
 he winked . 
 i saluted . 
 `` very good , sir . '' 
 i took my post by a tree and watched the bathers . 
 they needed it , zombie blood covered them . 
 they had n't fought . 
 i imagine it was from running and falling over the bodies . 
 i watched the civilians and some soldiers strip to their underwear and wash as best they could . 
 embarrassment flowed across me , i could barely shower with another girl . 
 they finished their bath and ate . 
 my stomach growled looking at all the tin cans . 
 being so far away from camp , they looked tasty . 
 i always found them slightly repulsive . 
 i had a fear of botulism . 
 it was tough getting over it , but i won the battle . 
 now , anything in a can - even chopped zombie - i looked at with newfound appreciation . 
 i could n't wait until it was our turn to eat . 
 dushell and i were rotated out two hours later . 
 we grabbed our packs from the truck and moved out . 
 i had to use the bathroom , but held it . 
 experience had taught me well . 
 being the only girls in our squad , dushell and i stuck together . 
 zombies were the biggest threat , but it was still a man 's world and we were women . 
 actually , she was a woman , twenty and gorgeous . 
 i could only dream of having her looks and body . 
 tall , with long flowing blond hair that went past her shoulders , she was something . 
 me , i was plain jane in her shadow . 
 i pumped myself up by saying that if surrounded , whether by men or zombies , she would be the star attraction . 
 while they chumped on her , i could get away . 
 it was wrong to think it , but i could be petty when necessary . 
 that , and a warped sense of humor , were my weapons . 
 dushell and i ate our vienna sausages while walking to the stream . 
 we went around the side , away from everyone . 
 with the world destroyed , we were still modest . 
 i could n't blame her , if the guys got a good look ; she would have to fight them and zombies . 
 i guess through osmosis , her fear transferred to me . 
 we were in this together . 
 we found a spot to take off our uniforms and set them on the shore . 
 i gazed at the metal pipe sticking out of her backpack . 
 i smiled . 
 we entered the water in our underwear and swam out to where we could barely stand , only our heads shown . 
 our ritual was to wave , so we did . 
 the distant guard waved back , then turned his back to patrol the area . 
 we had no soap , so we washed as best we could to get the blood off us . 
 we would do our clothes next and change into our only other pair of clothing . 
 for combat , we only take the essentials . 
 that meant one change of clothes , ammo , food and water . 
 dushell directed me to shallower water . 
 she followed swiftly . 
 the beautiful bombshell made a face , i stepped back from her . 
 `` are you peeing next to me ? 
 oh gross ! '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` stop being stupid . '' 
 `` you could have warned me . '' 
 the world was a gross enough place without us reverting to childish antics . 
 `` stop playing and hurry it up , '' dushell said . 
 `` do it now , while no one can see . '' 
 i looked around to make sure no one was looking . 
 i squatted a little and i peed . 
 she looked as if disgusted with me , but i did n't care . 
 there was no need to remove my underwear if that 's all i had to do . 
 giving in to her look , i relented . 
 i reached down and took them off to shake them out better . 
 i would need to wash them anyway . 
 in the distance , we heard a scream . 
 then we saw it at the same time . 
 our guard was in the death grip of a zombie way off behind a big tree . 
 he did n't have time to fire a shot . 
 i can only imagine he went behind the tree to take a leak . 
 he came out screaming with the zombie attached to his back , flailing , trying to get it off . 
 he ran a little then fell . 
 the zombie howled before biting into his back . 
 suddenly , zombies swarmed our camp . 
 shots rang out from every direction . 
 dushell and i fell , trying to run and put on our underwear at the same time . 
 we stopped and got it right before racing for the shoreline . 
 without further thought to our state of dress , we grabbed our guns and slung our packs over our shoulders . 
 we went running around the bend looking for zombies . 
 dushell stopped , aimed , and fired , killing a zombie . 
 she turned to the next and i opened fire on her right . 
 we backed up , back to back , and fired at anything in front of us . 
 she took out six and i downed three . 
 `` get dressed , '' she yelled . 
 `` right . '' 
 i checked for more then dropped my weapon at my feet and threw on some pants and a shirt from my bag . 
 i kept on my wet underwear , it would dry later . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 dushell looked around , `` yeah . '' 
 we went back around to see the full carnage . 
 it was a bloodbath . 
 by the shoreline , zombies made a buffet of our people . 
 nearly all our soldiers were down , the rest were now in hand-to-hand combat with guns and branches . 
 it appeared they had exhausted their ammo , their rifles served as baseball bats . 
 `` the civilians , '' shouted dushell . 
 `` let 's get to them . '' 
 we raced for the truck . 
 it was the first time i had thought of my brother . 
 `` simon ! 
 simon ! '' 
 i shouted like a mad woman . 
 we shot the few zombies near the truck . 
 we were in time to stop them from ripping open the door and pulling away the people in the front . 
 thank god . 
 but the ones in the back were not so lucky . 
 one zombie was inside biting a woman 's leg while another was gnawing on one of the scientist . 
 three civilians hit them with whatever they could , but they had no impact at all . 
 we ran to help . 
 when i shot the zombie on the woman , it had made it to the soft flesh of her belly . 
 green blood splattered all over her . 
 without checking if she was conscious , i shot her in the head . 
 dushell got the other one . 
 like me , she showed no mercy . 
 the man was awake and holding his half-chewed arm and dragging himself to the front , screaming he was okay . 
 dushell aimed and fired . 
 `` have any of you been bitten ? '' 
 she yelled at the terrified people . 
 `` did they bite any of you ? '' 
 six people were left . 
 they screamed , `` no ! '' 
 as many times as they could while she aimed her rifle at them . 
 `` dushell . '' 
 i said , touching her on her shoulder . 
 `` they 're okay . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 `` dushell , baker ! '' 
 we turned to see private jones calling us . 
 `` more of them are coming from over there . '' 
 he had his weapon on his shoulder and he looked a mess . 
 his dried zombie blood from last night had a new coat over it . 
 `` we have to hold them off . 
 they got the driver . 
 donovan is now the new driver and will take them to safety . 
 we will stay and lay down fire while they escape . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 shouted dushell . 
 `` we are not going with them ? '' 
 the words tumbled out of me . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 `` dushell , you ride shotgun , baker and i got the back . '' 
 dushell and i exchanged glances . 
 we were going , thank god . 
 for a minute , i thought we might be sacrifices . 
 `` go , go , go , go , go , '' shouted jones . 
 the truck fired up . 
 dushell tilted her head to me , i took off . 
 i ran to the passenger side with my pack and rifle . 
 i hopped on the metal deck to ride on the truck 's side , gripping the outside mirror for support . 
 i looked inside to confirm simon was there and he was okay . 
 doctor blake was out . 
 simon was holding his hand to comfort him . 
 my blood boiled at the sight . 
 `` what happened to him ? 
 was he bitten ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's just out , '' said donovan . 
 `` he hit his head hopping in the truck . 
 knocked himself out , if you can believe it . '' 
 `` i believe it . '' 
 as the truck took off , i only had time to smile at simon before firing at my first zombie . 
 it stood in the road , blocking our progress . 
 my bullet rifled through its head and it fell . 
 i felt the bump as we drove over it . 
 morbid curiosity made me look back to see its smashed carcass . 
 i had n't planned for seeing bodies thrown from the back of the truck , but i guess there was no choice . 
 we end up doing a lot of things we never thought we would do . 
 i wondered if those bodies were spouses of those who tossed them out . 
 suddenly , i thought of what i had done and immediately found my brother 's eyes . 
 he stared at me after the kill . 
 i felt sick inside and wanted to vomit . 
 he was not meant to see things like that . 
 no one his age was meant to see something that horrific . 
 what could i say to make it better ? 
 i looked into his brown eyes with longing . 
 longing for the good old days when we got on each other 's nerves and wished we were an only child . 
 those days are long gone and are never coming back . 
 i could do nothing . 
 it was best not to say anything , or at least that 's what i thought . 
 i kept quiet and tore my eyes from his . 
 i looked ahead , wishing we were anywhere but here . 
 i took my eyes off the road after a while to look down . 
 i was feeling guilty about the shooting . 
 even guiltier as i realized we just lost our soldiers and most of our civilians while i was doing of all things , taking a piss in the river . 
 holding on to my underwear and my modesty as if i was a prima dona . 
 how could i be so ... the truck slowed . 
 i looked in the cab first . 
 donovan was driving and looked mortified . 
 i looked out to what he saw and it genuinely shocked me . 
 as many as ten children lined the road , all zombies . 
 that must have been it . 
 i could see why he stopped . 
 he could n't run them down , they were helpless children . 
 sure , they had turned to zombies , but they looked like harmless children we swore to protect . 
 shots rang out from the back . 
 i looked back and saw them . 
 they were n't screaming , or were they ? 
 all i know is that zombies charged toward us and dushell and jones were in the back , firing . 
 `` run them down , '' i shouted . 
 `` i ca n't , they 're kids . '' 
 his hands were shaking so bad i knew he could n't do it . 
 i acted for him . 
 i turned and fired . 
 my hand never released from the trigger . 
 they fell . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 donovan hit the gas and we ran over them . 
 this time i played it smart and did n't look at simon . 
 there was no way to explain what i had done . 
 i 'm sure he understood , but i hated it so i know he did , too . 
 i prayed he would one day forgive me and i turned to fire behind me . 
 i could hear them now . 
 the zombies were running and screaming . 
 my comrades fired away , so did i , but there were too many . 
 we would run out of ammo soon . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 donovan yelled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i looked at him and then the road . 
 we were coming to a roadblock - a fallen tree . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 he shouted at me . 
 `` jones ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` yeah , '' his response , through gunfire . 
 `` a tree is blocking the road . 
 we have to stop to move it . '' 
 `` go around it . '' 
 `` go around it , donovan . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 tell him i ca n't , we would tip over . '' 
 donovan shouted at me . 
 `` jones , he says he will tip over . 
 we have to stop . '' 
 `` hurry it up . 
 we will hold them off . '' 
 i heard him yelling and firing like a madman . 
 the truck stopped . 
 `` stay in the truck , simon . 
 we will be right back . 
 you hear me ? '' 
 `` all right , zee . '' 
 `` promise me you wo n't move . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 donovan was already at the tree waiting on me . 
 i ran to him . 
 there was no way we could lift the tree ourselves . 
 donovan ran back and grabbed the winch chain . 
 `` we wrap it around the tree and move the tree as little as possible . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 he gave me the chain and while he lifted with a makeshift lever , i wrapped it around the tree as best i could and hooked it . 
 `` got it ! '' 
 donovan ran back and started working the wench . 
 i looked behind us . 
 jones and dushell were out of the back of the truck . 
 two others had joined them . 
 all were firing . 
 i grabbed my gun and raced around to join them . 
 it would be easier with five of us holding them back . 
 we aimed for the heads , but the scientists aimed for their chests . 
 there was no time to teach them so i kept firing , hitting what they let get up and come at us again . 
 the zombies dropped like flies , but there were too many . 
 our lives were precious , but theirs meant nothing . 
 they kept coming . 
 `` got it ! '' 
 yelled donovan . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 `` let 's go , '' i shouted . 
 we ran back to the truck . 
 i hopped back on the side rail and we moved forward . 
 i heard waning gunfire . 
 i looked back . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 dushell and jones were not in the truck . 
 they were still firing at the zombies , only they were nearly out of ammo . 
 oh my god ! 
 dushell was out . 
 i huffed and puffed . 
 what to do ? 
 what to do ? 
 i made my choice . 
 `` simon , i will find you . 
 promise me you will stay safe . 
 promise me now . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 he must have known . 
 tears streamed down his small face . 
 `` get ` em , zee zee ! '' 
 donovan shouted without looking at me . 
 `` do n't call me that . '' 
 donovan winked . 
 `` i owed you one . '' 
 he glanced at me . 
 `` good luck , zee . '' 
 he knew as well . 
 `` keep him safe . '' 
 i grabbed my pack and jumped . 
 if i had n't done it then , i never would have . 
 i raced back , firing as i went . 
 dushell was already swinging her pipe . 
 zombies ' heads rolled as she screamed and hit . 
 i shot a zombie trying to sneak behind her . 
 `` whoa , thanks . '' 
 `` do n't mention it . '' 
 i was beside her . 
 jones and i were firing . 
 dushell swung her pipe while a middle-aged man in a far corner swung his empty rifle . 
 i saw another man dragged into the trees and fired on those zombies . 
 `` no time , '' said jones . 
 `` run ! '' 
 we followed him and ran . 
 at first we ran down the road after the truck . 
 when it was out of sight , we took off into the trees . 
 we ran until we could no longer hear them or see them . 
 when we stopped to catch our breath , i thought about the ride we left . 
 there was no way we could catch that truck . 
 i prayed for their safe trip to the camp . 
 we would fend for ourselves . 
 i knew in my heart i would see simon again . 
 chapter three had i done the right thing in leaving my brother and the safety of the truck ? 
 i questioned that decision . 
 was it a choice of whom i liked better ? 
 that i ca n't believe . 
 these people are my friends , my new family , but my brother , he is my world . 
 stop it , girl . 
 i needed to psych myself up to face what was in front of me . 
 we were in zombie-infected territory . 
 at the moment , we were in the woods , alone . 
 how long that would last , who knows ? 
 `` all right , guys , '' said jones . 
 `` listen up . 
 we are alone out here . 
 it 's us against them and they do n't stop , not for anything . 
 dushell is out of ammo and i got a couple rounds left . 
 how about you thompson , what you got ? '' 
 the stranger spoke , `` i 'm out . 
 i killed the last zombie by stabbing him in the heart with the butt of my gun . '' 
 he held up his rifle and slime oozed off it . 
 its yellow-green tint was sickening to see . 
 the man grinned . 
 `` baker , how about you ? '' 
 i pulled my clip and counted . 
 `` i got half a clip left . '' 
 i slapped it back in . 
 each bullet had to count . 
 `` well , '' said jones , `` i guess that 's it . 
 from now on , only head shots . 
 we blow their brains out to be sure . 
 if you do n't have bullets then swing for the fences , head shots only people . 
 i have seen too many people go down because they fought these creatures as if they were men . 
 they are not . 
 flesh wounds mean nothing , people . 
 aim for the head . '' 
 `` what happens when we are all out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we go for the heads , twist them and snap their necks . '' 
 `` what about them touching us ? '' 
 dushell asked . 
 `` touching is not the problem , '' said thompson , `` it 's biting without killing we have to worry about . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 dushell looked confused . 
 `` if they kill you , no problem , '' thompson said . 
 `` if they bite you and leave you alive , you have from a few hours to two days tops , then you turn . '' 
 `` is it true what they say about the scratches ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if you heard they are harmless , you are probably right , unless the scratch is deep and they get their goup in you . 
 i have met two men scratched lightly who did n't turn . 
 another , with a deep scratch , was n't so lucky . 
 my guess is that he would have been all right if the guy next to him had n't splattered zombie brains all over him . 
 he saved his life , of course , but only for two more days . 
 unlucky bastard . '' 
 `` who got him ? '' 
 asked dushell . 
 thompson looked somber . 
 he looked up and his eyes were sad . 
 he said softly , `` nobody . '' 
 `` he got them all ? '' 
 dushell gasped . 
 `` yeah , in their sleep , '' said thompson . 
 `` three of them were camping outside the gate . 
 he finished his two buddies and was mowed down running for the gate . '' 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` all right , folks , '' said jones . 
 `` the first thing we have to do is find shelter and with it , hopefully food . 
 if we go across the woods we should run into some houses . 
 you guys ready ? 
 let 's move out . '' 
 and so we began . 
 our small group of four went through the woods next to the road in the direction our truck took . 
 our goal was to follow its route and rendezvous at the campsite with the rest . 
 the plan was simple enough , and we were used to marching , if we could avoid being eaten , we could no doubt make it . 
 the sun was high , so my guess is it was around noon at the start of our trek . 
 we heard nothing and took it as a good sign . 
 i 'm not really a time person , so it was late april or early may . 
 lord knows i do n't know the date . 
 we never gave much thought to it , we had a 24-hour job and friends died daily . 
 calendars went out long ago for most of us . 
 winter had long past and it was hot but not too hot , that is for a missouri day anyway . 
 i was dreading the dog days that were coming in july and august , it would be too hot for walks like this . 
 for our part , at least we were no longer in military gear . 
 dushell and i had left our uniforms along the stream and looked like two normal girls , except for the m16a2 's we clutched . 
 then again , who is to say what normal is these days . 
 before the end , people had started carrying guns strapped to their thighs . 
 bullshit about man 's natural rights and freedom nonsense . 
 maybe we would be normal for this area . 
 well , anyway , we were in central missouri , around the ozarks , making our way to our new campsite . 
 the woods provided shade and safety for hours . 
 up ahead , a small pond with three houses . 
 we stopped at the perimeter . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 asked dushell to jones . 
 `` we take them one at a time , '' said jones . 
 `` safety in numbers . 
 if there is a zombie in there , we can jump it without firing . 
 we need to save our ammo for large packs and desperate times . '' 
 he looked at me ; i was the only other person who had ammo . 
 `` got it , '' i said . 
 we continued to the houses , then stopped again . 
 `` all right , people , '' said jones . 
 `` dushell , you got point , thompson , left flank , baker , you 're six . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said in confusion . 
 `` our backside , jesus . 
 nothing sticks with you does it ? '' 
 he whispered as best he could . 
 though it was n't quite a whisper , it was effective . 
 like thousands of times before , he put me in my place . 
 it was n't my fought i was n't a hard-core soldier like them and up on all the latest jargon . 
 i was new , roughly a little over a year . 
 if i had seen it in a movie or read it in a book , i could relate . 
 but a lot of their jargon went clear over my head . 
 it 's my fault . 
 i signed up for different reasons and did n't associate with hard cores . 
 `` use english , okay . 
 for god 's sake , look around . 
 it 's just us , four people , no army . 
 talk normal , will ya ? '' 
 he glared at me . 
 he probably would have yelled and really reamed me out if we had been on base and not trying to sneak up on a possibly zombie-infested house . 
 dushell touched his shoulder and he looked down . 
 thank god for her . 
 i hated crossing the line like that . 
 `` which one first ? '' 
 dushell asked jones . 
 `` the blue house on the far right , '' jones said it to her while keeping his glare on me . 
 good thing we were friends , we were the only two armed and could n't waste bullets on each other . 
 `` let 's go , '' he sneered . 
 i waited and went last . 
 i was guarding our six , whoopee . 
 without knocking , jones turned the knob and crept in . 
 i followed the others into the darkened house and left the door open for extra light . 
 they had cleared it already so i opened the blinds on a large bay window for more light . 
 this was more of a cottage , a getaway for vacationers . 
 the furniture was covered by white sheets filled with dust . 
 while they searched for food , i sat down my gun and carefully took the sheet off a couch , being careful to keep all the dust within its folds . 
 i did n't want to attract attention so i did n't take it outside . 
 i sat it next to the door , then shut and locked the door . 
 this would be home for the night . 
 i hoped at least . 
 i was exhausted and soon it would be dark . 
 thompson came out of the kitchen and sat on the couch first , which urked me . 
 i did all the hard work and he sits first . 
 with a large family like mine , we always wanted to be the first to do something . 
 whenever we got anything , especially new furniture , we would race to see who would be the first to sit on it . 
 to the victor went the spoils . 
 anytime someone , and with us it meant relatives , would come over , we would proudly say `` i was the first one to sit on it . '' 
 thompson could n't have known what he had done . 
 i 'm nineteen and not a kid , stop it ! 
 `` hey , thompson , did they find anything ? '' 
 `` hey . 
 it 's sam , samuel thompson . '' 
 he held out his hand and i shook it tentatively . 
 `` they found a few cans of green beans and some spinach . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 i put on a happy face and sat across from him . 
 spinach gave me bad gas and tied my stomach in knots . 
 the zombie invasion had succeeded in slimming us all down , not too many fat people were alive today . 
 that 's not a dig at them . 
 it 's just that fat people ca n't run fast , so they were an instant buffet . 
 `` did they find anything else ? '' 
 `` not in the kitchen , jones already has two can openers . 
 when i left they were looking for matches and then they are going to look for blankets . 
 dushell wanted to check for clothes , too . '' 
 just like a woman , a war is on , the world is ending , but a woman has to shop and look good . 
 inwardly , i laughed . 
 dushell was my friend and i did n't think it was nice to say mean things in front of a stranger . 
 if nothing else , life has taught me to hang on to those close , it might not be for too much longer . 
 `` so , sam , where are you from ? '' 
 `` originally , the windy city , i grew up there . 
 i went to college out in california to get away from home . 
 i hated chicago and was looking for independence . 
 i studied to become a doctor and then went into microbiology . '' 
 i cringed . 
 he said the magic words that got many scientists killed . 
 by rights , we shot them without trial . 
 `` you are into germ warfare , '' the words rolled out of my mouth before i could stop them . 
 immediately , i regretted them and it showed on both our faces . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he studied my face to see how i would react to his honesty . 
 `` people say that it is your fault . 
 most people would leave you to the zombies . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 his grin irritated me . 
 thompson sat on the couch with his gun at his side . 
 the gun held no ammo , but still , i saw it as a threat . 
 if he went for it , that would give me a reason to shoot him . 
 i did n't believe scientists created the zombies , but i had lost a lot . 
 someone had to pay . 
 `` i know ? 
 that 's all you have to say ! 
 i know ? '' 
 `` there is nothing more to say . '' 
 he was somber , but i did n't care . 
 my first impulse was to kill him where he sat . 
 i might have , if not for the return of my comrades . 
 dushell came bouncing into the room carrying a handful of blankets . 
 she sat one in my lap and moved to thompson . 
 he gladly accepted his . 
 our eyes stayed fixed on each other . 
 he was n't sure what i would do and neither was i. `` what 's up with you two ? '' 
 dushell saw us . 
 `` nothing , '' said thompson . 
 `` we were chatting about where we came from and how we got here . '' 
 dushell pushed a chair back ; i had managed to uncover most of the living-room furniture . 
 all of which consisted of a couch , a chair , and two large reclining chairs . 
 she sat back in her chair ; she liked space between her and others . 
 she once told me that because of her looks people often invaded her space making her feel trapped . 
 it was n't an admission of beauty or being too good for others , it was that people 's leers made her uncomfortable , and with distance , she could see where their eyes were and by extension , their thoughts . 
 `` oh really . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said thompson . 
 `` how about you , what 's your story ? '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` well , let 's see here , my story . 
 well , i 'm from st. louis and rarely go outside my state . 
 i grew up here and now i 'm united states property . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` there is more to it than that . 
 fill in the blanks . '' 
 thompson pressed . 
 `` was this your goal ? '' 
 `` to be a soldier ? '' 
 dushell asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 dushell 's face saddened and she looked at me , then jones . 
 `` actually , yeah . 
 i 'm a runaway beauty queen . '' 
 my stomach churned . 
 i knew the look she was giving him and it was n't good . 
 `` dushell ! '' 
 she ignored me . 
 `` i was always pretty . 
 i was born that way so i had no control over it . 
 my mother was a beautician and she entered me in pageants . 
 it was good for a while , but then these creeps started pawing me and i resisted . 
 i told my mother and at first she was on my side , but after she lost her job , things changed . '' 
 i tried again , `` dushell . '' 
 she continued . 
 she was on a roll . 
 `` we needed money the first time . 
 this pageant paid the winner $ 5,000 . 
 it was supposed to be savings bonds for college , that 's how they advertise it to the unsuspecting masses . 
 that made it sound good and all . 
 it 's a lie . 
 i won and my mother had it converted . 
 she got $ 2,500 out of it and spent it as fast as she could . '' 
 dushell stopped and pulled her blanket up tight around her . 
 `` dushell . '' 
 i shook my head trying to let her know that now was n't the time . 
 if i could save her from reliving bad memories , i would . 
 and this man had no right to hear her personal business . 
 she only smiled back , i was afraid of that . 
 `` i was on the block for several years . 
 my mother lived for these events and i no longer had a choice . 
 i started at age five , quit for a while , and then was full-time by seven . 
 any contest within two hundred miles , we went . 
 and then shit started . '' 
 she took a deep breath then continued . 
 `` at first , she let guys take pictures of me twirling in my dress and tiara . 
 i always won -- what a surprise . 
 `` did i mention she was an alcoholic and drug user ? '' 
 `` dushell , bri -- '' `` she would pass out , well not really pass out , it was more incapacitated . 
 she would be in the room , but the guys got bolder the drunker she got . 
 one guy had me in my underwear taking pictures before she came to . 
 i still wore my tiara and sash though , i guess that was something at least . '' 
 `` dushell ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` well , it was n't all bad , zee . 
 mostly harmless touching and picture snapping . 
 my whore of a mother would get up and we would leave . 
 if i did n't know better , i would say she passed out on purpose . 
 it did n't hit me till later , but her purse was always filled with money afterward and the men were either judges or connected with the pageants . '' 
 jones had reclined in the other chair . 
 he got up and handed me a beer . 
 he had a six pack . 
 he tore off one and handed it to thompson and then gave one to dushell . 
 he popped open his and sat back down . 
 `` well , me myself , i am from florida , born and raised . 
 hurricanes forever ! '' 
 he took a gulp of beer . 
 i was grateful for him cutting her off . 
 i knew most of the story , but never pushed for it all . 
 i do n't know if jones knew any of it . 
 they talked around camp and were friendly enough , but is it the kind of thing you tell to guys ? 
 jones continued . 
 `` i 'm twenty years old and wanted to fight in the wars . 
 i was n't old enough when they ended , i hated that shit . 
 i grew up a sportsman and hunter . 
 i go deer hunting every year since i was fifteen . 
 i got my driver 's license and hunting license the same year . 
 this one teacher in high school was a real bitch and the guy was n't going to pass me no matter what . 
 i hope to god the zombies are still munching on that motherfucker right now . 
 well , anyway , i pissed off high school and enlisted when i turned eighteen . 
 `` halfway through boot camp we heard about the zombies . 
 we were sent to fort leonard wood after they got infected . 
 from what we were told , the outbreak started here in missouri at some secret installation . '' 
 i flashed a look to thompson . 
 he met my eyes squarely , but never said a word . 
 he did n't even have the balls to look away . 
 he looked through me as if i was n't there . 
 i got that urge again . 
 jones began again , `` it was bad . 
 we were fighting underground in caves and zombies jumped out everywhere . 
 the zombies were wearing our uniforms , can you believe that shit ? 
 fucking army zombies . 
 they were from all over , too . 
 the cave system was huge and i saw army zombies from kentucky , illinois , arkansas , and as far away as california . 
 like us , they had been flown in for containment . 
 `` empty bullet casings and discarded m16 's were everywhere . 
 they had resorted to hand-to-hand combat and they lost . 
 that was our first indication that they were n't mindless like we had been led to believe . '' 
 i flashed another look at thompson . 
 `` they told us it would be like shooting fish in a barrel , well , we were the fish . 
 they tore through us , only knocking us out and biting us . 
 they then moved on to the next poor souls . 
 sergeant welch got the order for us to kill every unconscious bitten soldier we came across and we did . 
 one bullet to the head for each . 
 we must have gone through a hundred or more of our own people before we made it to an opening and saw daylight . 
 `` it was hopeless ; the zombies had escaped and were out infecting and killing everyone they came across . 
 all through the tunnels people lay bitten and unconscious . 
 outside , we came across gruesomeness you would n't believe . 
 i saw bodies ripped open with no insides at all . 
 i saw cracked skulls with no brains left in them . 
 it was madness . '' 
 `` yeah , '' added dushell . 
 `` the same thing was going on all over the country . '' 
 it had never occurred to me to ask before . 
 `` if this is the center , how could that be ? '' 
 thompson finally chimed in . 
 `` planes , trains , and automobiles . '' 
 it was almost a smirk . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` some of those with scratches got out of town trying to flee , '' said thompson . 
 `` they carried the virus with them and it spread like wildfire . 
 it is now in every corner of the world . '' 
 `` what about islands ? '' 
 i offered . 
 `` they got hit the hardest , '' said thompson . 
 `` how is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they had no defenses , '' thompson said . 
 `` a lot of folks got that idea , including the government . 
 they took over cruise ships and other vessels and put people on them trying to save as many as they could . 
 it would have worked , except some had been scratched or bitten and said nothing . 
 denial is the first response of the infected . 
 `` every place they went to was easily overrun . 
 after all , if you 're on an island , there is nowhere to run . 
 you are trapped . '' 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 dushell was coming back from her trip down memory lane . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 thompson went on . 
 `` not even the best swimmer had a chance . '' 
 he laughed . 
 this time i was right , it was something more than a smirk . 
 the others saw what i saw . 
 he was proud . 
 `` what are you grinning for ? '' 
 jones asked . 
 `` i 'm not grinning , '' said the liar . 
 jones looked at me for verification . 
 he picked up his gun next to him and pointed at thompson . 
 `` you fucker ! 
 they were right , it was you ! '' 
 thompson put his hands up and slowly rose . 
 `` hey , hey , kid , watch where you are pointing that thing . 
 i 'm human just like you and you have got your facts wrong . 
 i had nothing to do with this . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' i chimed in . 
 i was with jones and wanted to blast him , but could n't . 
 `` you ca n't shoot him . 
 it 's dark outside and the noise would attract zombies to us . '' 
 jones agreed and lowered his gun . 
 everyone sat back down . 
 in an effort to ease tension , i tried to get jones to talk . 
 i did n't want to talk myself and i figured dushell had only one topic . 
 thompson was not even in my thoughts . 
 `` what happened next , jones ? '' 
 i said . 
 jones finished his beer . 
 `` we lost the battle and were sent here as reinforcements . 
 unlike ours , the camp we are headed to is supposed to be impenetrable . 
 all major scientists are coordinating with each other from similar outposts . 
 the one we are going to is for the midwest survivors . 
 it 's in northern arkansas . 
 there is flat land and we can see them coming from miles away . 
 they have artillery to pick them off so none of them will be able to get close to us there - '' jones stopped talking and before i knew it , he was on his feet with a drawn knife , looking at thompson . 
 i looked over and thompson was staring up at him , unafraid . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he did it again , he smirked . 
 it was almost a laugh , like pride in his children . 
 this time , i got you and there wo n't be a sound for them to hear . '' 
 jones started toward him and both dushell and i interceded . 
 `` stop , jones . '' 
 `` you did n't see what i saw , '' he yelled . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' i countered . 
 `` we are it , we need him . '' 
 i do n't know if i would have won the argument , i did n't get the chance to talk further . 
 chapter four there was a knock at the door . 
 we had let our guard down and had been talking so much we forgot the reality of our situation . 
 instantly , dushell and i armed , we looked at the door . 
 jones held a knife . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 i whispered to them . 
 `` you got me , '' whispered dushell . 
 `` they knocked , '' scoffed thompson . 
 without discussing it with us , he went to the door and before the rest of us could imagine him doing it or taking action to stop him , he opened it . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hello there . '' 
 it was a short man and woman . 
 `` come on in , '' said thompson . 
 they hurried in and thompson closed the door behind them . 
 jones had his rifle now and none of us budged . 
 we held our rifles high as they walked over to greet us . 
 dushell had no ammo , but pretended she did . 
 i have no doubt she would quickly swing it at the first sign of trouble . 
 from where i was standing , i could clearly see the bend in the shaft . 
 that gun would never fire again . 
 `` put those down , ca n't you see these are people ? '' 
 thompson 's hands were on his hips , scolding us as if we were his children . 
 `` stand down , '' said jones . 
 we did . 
 thompson hosted . 
 `` i 'm sam thompson . 
 my traveling companions are all soldiers . 
 this is private jones , private baker , and private dushell . '' 
 one by one , we nodded . 
 the man responded . 
 `` i 'm tom billingsly and this is my wife , sara . 
 we live over the ridge back about three miles . 
 we saw you heading this way and it took us this long to make it to you . 
 are you soldiers meeting with the army ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' said thompson . 
 `` we are heading toward camp brandt in northern arkansas . 
 you 're more than welcome to come along . '' 
 `` thank you , '' said the man . 
 `` thank you , '' responded his wife . 
 the rest of us gave small smiles and glowered at thompson . 
 we did n't know these people and he was n't in charge of anything . 
 i was happy to know i was n't alone in disapproving . 
 `` we have food , '' tom said . 
 each of them carried a cloth sack over their shoulder . 
 i assumed the sacks belonged to children . 
 i saw the high school logo as they unpacked on the living-room table . 
 their meager belongings did n't interest me , i reclaimed my seat . 
 thompson gave jones a scolding look that made him ease up a bit on the suspicious look jones gave them . 
 they proudly presented us with what they carried ; six cans of pork-n-beans , four cans of spam , matches , spoons , two tea cups , and three bottles of water . 
 `` sorry about the silverware , sara did n't do the dishes , so we grabbed the clean stuff and ran . '' 
 `` why did you leave ? '' 
 asked dushell . 
 tom looked upset by the question . 
 `` i mean the zombies , '' said dushell . 
 `` we have n't heard a peep since we came into the area . 
 were you overrun ? '' 
 `` well , '' said tom . 
 `` you can say that . 
 they were getting close and as far as we could tell , they were a few houses down and headed our way . 
 out here in the country , houses are far apart , so we got a jump on our escape and grabbed what we could . '' 
 `` do you have any weapons , any ammo ? '' 
 asked jones . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` you did n't have to fight them ? '' 
 dushell asked , suspiciously . 
 `` sara fell once , a good whack from my shovel saved the day . '' 
 i looked at his agitated wife . 
 her behavior was nothing , we had seen things we would like to forget . 
 `` we could really use the matches , '' said jones . 
 `` you are welcome to them , '' tom said . 
 `` wh-what are your names ? '' 
 asked sara . 
 `` brittany dushell . 
 i 'm from st louis . '' 
 `` michael matthew jones . 
 miami beach . '' 
 `` i 'm zora baker and i 'm from columbia , missouri . '' 
 `` zora ? '' 
 thompson said my name slowly , looking at me rather creepily . 
 i flashed a look and he returned his attention to his guests . 
 `` and i 've told you already , samuel thompson . 
 chicago , illinois . '' 
 `` um , it 's nice to meet all of you . '' 
 her smile was endearing , yet something about her bothered me and i had no idea what it was . 
 `` let 's eat folks , '' jones reasserted himself . 
 `` we found napkins and plastic forks in the kitchen . 
 dushell , hand them out . 
 baker , help open the tins . 
 we have to ration , so tonight , we will have spam for meat and beans or spinach for veggies . 
 there are six of us , we need to ration and have two to a can until we find more supplies . 
 thompson , you and i will team up . 
 dushell , you are with baker and you guys are together . '' 
 he waved at our only married couple . 
 we passed everything out and sat by our partners . 
 i was grateful for jones ' directions , they helped . 
 i sat beside dushell and we shared a can of the spam our new members provided . 
 dushell dumped it out on napkins and cut it down the middle , evenly . 
 i suggested pork-n-beans , though i 'm sure she wanted the spinach . 
 the beans might be gassy for some , but believe me , i was doing her and everyone else a big favor . 
 when jones finished with his torch , he passed it to me . 
 the small butane torch cooked our meat nicely . 
 months ago , the smell made us gag . 
 it took time to learn to adapt and smell the difference between cooked meat and burning flesh . 
 thompson and jones had spinach and spam . 
 the married couple had spam and spinach . 
 we cleaned up when we finished and for the most part , had pleasant conversations with one another . 
 dushell gave blankets to our guests and we turned in . 
 a gunshot woke me , then i heard a zombie scream . 
 i need to stop calling them screams , they are not screams . 
 i just have no better name for them at the moment . 
 dushell and i were side by side in bed , in the house 's only bedroom . 
 we grabbed our guns and ran , neither of us had undressed . 
 in the living room , jones and thompson were fighting tom . 
 we walked into a zombie-human fight . 
 the woman and the man were both zombies . 
 the woman was on the floor with a gunshot wound . 
 she moved and did her zombie scream . 
 i did n't act fast enough , but dushell did . 
 her rifle was up in the air as she ran and whacked the woman across her head . 
 her head cracked , but nothing spilled out and the woman continued her screams . 
 she tried to get up . 
 i aimed between her red eyes with my gun . 
 `` no guns , '' shouted jones . 
 i clicked on safety and went to dushell 's aid . 
 together , we used our rifles like bayonets and stabbed the woman while she twisted and groaned . 
 she would n't die . 
 we were going at her hard , too . 
 i mean green blood was flying all over , it drenched us . 
 i was going to take the chance and just shoot her . 
 finally , i stabbed her in her midsection hard enough to make both her hands go to her stomach and dushell opened up on her . 
 she held her rifle high , she screamed , and when she swung down , i heard the crack . 
 green blood splattered everywhere . 
 the powerful swing finished her , zombie brains stained the floor . 
 i turned to see how the men were doing . 
 jones had lost his rifle somehow . 
 he held up a chair with one hand as if facing a lion . 
 the other hand held the knife that he threatened to use earlier . 
 thompson was throwing objects at the zombie , i imagine as a distraction so jones could move in for the kill . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` shoot him , baker , '' shouted thompson . 
 i turned around my gun and checked for the safety . 
 `` no ! '' 
 screamed jones . 
 `` no noise , baker . 
 hit him . '' 
 `` you got to be kidding . '' 
 i was so tired and drenched in blood , i could n't take on another one . 
 dushell saved the day . 
 she crept behind it and whacked it while it faced the men . 
 her hit was not strong enough to kill it , but it turned to face her . 
 at that instant , jones dropped the chair and lunged . 
 he gripped the zombie 's head and sliced its neck at the same time . 
 he twisted its neck until it snapped . 
 maybe he had momentarily forgotten that ` a cut throat ' was a waste of time . 
 in the end , he got it . 
 the zombie crumbled to the floor and screamed no more . 
 `` well , '' said jones , huffing and puffing . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he wiped green goo from his knife and put it in the holder on his belt . 
 he turned up his nose at the green blood on his clothes and tried to flick it off with little success . 
 `` we got to pack and get the hell out of here . 
 any zombies in the area are going to be coming this way soon . '' 
 `` i 'm on it , '' i said . 
 i put the couples ' belongings in one bag and went to the bedroom for mine . 
 dushell followed and grabbed hers . 
 we met the men back in the living room . 
 i looked for jones . 
 `` where is jones ? '' 
 i asked thompson . 
 thompson looked at us both . 
 `` on the porch with his binoculars , scouting the area . '' 
 jones came back in . 
 `` i do n't see any of them anywhere . 
 we got some time . 
 are we packed ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' my automatic reply . 
 `` it 's nearly light out , at least we got that . '' 
 jones tried sounding optimistic for our benefit . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` they were infected . '' 
 jones scowled at thompson . 
 `` how was i to know that ? '' 
 thompson 's only reply . 
 `` you invited them in ! 
 we did n't know them and you invite them in . '' 
 jones was livid . 
 `` what happened , exactly ? '' 
 asked dushell , as if my asking carried no weight . 
 jones responded . 
 `` we went to sleep and i woke to noises . 
 i thought it was the guy snoring loudly , it was n't . 
 he was munching on his wife , and get this , she was munching on him , too . 
 my guess is that they went to sleep holding each other and turned at the same time . 
 in the darkness , they ate whatever was n't them . 
 `` i was n't sure what it was i saw , so i shined a flashlight on them . 
 they saw each other , then me . 
 all hell broke loose and they charged me . 
 i ran , got my gun , and got off a shot at him before he ripped it out of my hands . 
 i did n't hit him , but i got her . 
 that guy was fast . '' 
 `` i slept in front of the door , '' said thompson . 
 `` i thought of it during the night , you know , as an early warning system ? 
 i was a good deal away from the action . 
 i saw jones fighting the man and the woman on the floor . 
 i tried to get to the rifle , but could n't . 
 `` my only option was to throw and distract the guy so jones could kill him . 
 the woman was having trouble getting up . 
 i guess we learned a little something tonight . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` we can incapacitate them . '' 
 he looked amused . 
 `` do n't you get it ? 
 we discovered something no one else knows . 
 two things actually . 
 first , in total darkness they eat whatever is in front of them . 
 second , they can be hurt . '' 
 thompson looked happy about it . 
 he was a scientist , so i imagine that is what they do . 
 the rest of us had different worries . 
 `` i 'm more concerned they turned so quickly . 
 you have any new information on that ? '' 
 `` soldiers . '' 
 he scoffed . 
 maybe to him we were grunts and nothing more . 
 the way he looked at us made me want to shoot him . 
 `` total darkness , that means they hunt by sight for humans . 
 they make choices on whom to feed off . 
 they choose . '' 
 `` you ca n't know that for sure , '' said dushell . 
 `` maybe not , but it 's something more we now know . 
 of course , they can smell flesh , but this is something different . 
 and the ` being hurt part ' , that has never been documented , as far as i know . 
 the bullet paralyzed her as if she were still human . 
 that is fantastic news . 
 her nerves play apart in what she can do . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` i mean , we tested them for ways to destroy them , but no one ever thought of severing their spinal column to see if they became quadriplegics . 
 this is fantastic news . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` if we ca n't develop a weapon to kill them , perhaps a nervous system virus , one that paralyzes . 
 we swoop in and stack them as firewood . 
 fantastic ! '' 
 he laughed wildly . 
 this man was truly a mad scientist and gave us the creeps . 
 `` let 's go , '' said jones . 
 he had night goggles and led us out . 
 it would be morning soon and with luck , we would be miles from there before more zombies came . 
 we walked in single file to keep from tripping . 
 there were small hills and steep areas we had to go through . 
 jones led us as best he could to avoid bad terrain and we were grateful . 
 if i guessed , i would say we walked three hours in darkness . 
 as the area lighten with the sun 's rays , jones put away his goggles and led us near a small pond . 
 while we admired the scenery , jones ran off . 
 we walked in his direction , hoping he had seen something useful . 
 when we got to him , he was on the ground making a fishing pole . 
 `` with luck , we are about to get some protein . '' 
 jones was excited . 
 being the sportsman of our group , i 'm sure he would catch plenty of fish , if they were there to be caught . 
 `` make me one , '' said dushell . 
 i had no idea she knew how to fish , let alone would be around the slimy things and their bait . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` i did n't know you fished . '' 
 i said , hoping she would n't read anymore into it . 
 `` i 'm more than a beauty queen . '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 i laughed . 
 not from what she said . 
 it was the way she looked . 
 she was covered in zombie goo and smelled worse than she looked . 
 i was no miss america myself . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go get cleaned up while we can . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i closed my mouth and followed . 
 dushell picked up her bag and we went to a low spot to ease into the water . 
 at first , we feared water , thinking it held the virus . 
 scientists figured out the virus could not survive in either fresh or saltwater . 
 it was a small reprieve from the madness . 
 before electricity declined to bare minimums , word had spread around the globe about water . 
 the unfortunate outcome was that people thought water was a safety net and many drowned trying to get away from zombies . 
 yes , they can get you in water . 
 they ca n't swim , but they can float out to you and chump down . 
 one female soldier had to be relieved of duty . 
 she was in another group rescuing those on the water and saw a zombie float to a woman in the gulf of mexico . 
 the woman was one of those triathletes that swim , bike , and run . 
 she thought she could swim out to a buoy and survive . 
 she would have , if not for bad timing . 
 the swimmer took off her clothes , she wore a red bikini underneath . 
 she dove in and swam for the buoy . 
 a zombie rushed in the water behind her . 
 it ran . 
 its head went beneath the water and then it surfaced , it floated . 
 the swimmer kept going and was close to the buoy . 
 a rescue boat came by and when it turned in the water quickly , it produced a wave that drove the zombie into the woman . 
 the zombie came like a shark , grabbing and biting one of her legs . 
 both sunk beneath the water . 
 when they surfaced , the zombie was around the woman 's middle , eating her from the side . 
 the soldier believed the outstretched woman was dead and shot the zombie . 
 it took time to get the woman to shore and then her hand moved . 
 the soldier , thinking it was her fault , tried to save her . 
 the soldier did compressions on her chest . 
 when she bent down to give the woman a breath , the woman opened her red eyes and tried to bite her . 
 the soldier was quick enough to get away and shoot her , but the damage had been done . 
 she snapped . 
 it could have happened to anyone . 
 we are in a war that will kill every man , woman and child on the face of the planet . 
 who would n't snap ? 
 chapter five dushell and i swam to a spot and stood , wearing only underwear . 
 she grinned as she handed me a bar of soap . 
 she had been more fruitful than she let on . 
 or did the grin have more to do with where she retrieved it from ? 
 `` only use it a little , it 's yours . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i scrubbed with it and handed it back to her . 
 i surprised myself , usually i blushed about stuff like that , i 'm improving . 
 dushell used the soap . 
 `` i found three , for us . 
 thompson can go to hell . '' 
 `` i heard that ! 
 i know he has something to do with those zombies . 
 i see it in his eyes . '' 
 dushell handed the bar back to me . 
 `` yeah , i bet he does too . '' 
 i scrubbed more and thought about what we had been through and where we needed to go . 
 i tried my best not to think of simon or what occurred ahead of us . 
 the army had worked its magic beautifully . 
 every time i thought of simon , i would also flashback to that hell with the lady zombie . 
 for now , it was best to focus on the present and survive to reach him . 
 i glanced at dushell , she was taking off her sports bra for a more thorough cleaning . 
 i instinctively turned around . 
 to keep from looking like a total fool , i pretended to wash as a distraction . 
 `` dushell ? 
 why did you go on and on last night ? 
 you know i tried to stop you , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 `` why did you keep going ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 odds are we 're not going to all make it . 
 i guess ... i guess if i do n't make it , i wanted someone to know i was here . 
 i wanted someone to know my story . '' 
 that was deep . 
 all i could think to say was , `` oh . '' 
 `` i mean , look at you , you have somebody waiting for you . 
 you have plenty of reasons to keep going . 
 me , i lost my family . 
 it was n't much of a family to begin with , but i miss them . 
 what i would give to see my mom one last time . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , zee . 
 i think i would turn into a zombie if they promised me i could see her one last time . 
 you do n't know what it is like being alone . 
 sometimes , i want to give up and accept my fate , maybe it would be easier . '' 
 i was grateful she trusted me enough to confide her deepest fears and desires to me . 
 to hear the words made me cringe . 
 my stomach dropped a mile and i 'm sure my heart broke more than once . 
 i searched for encouraging words . 
 `` i need you , dushell , '' that was all i could muster . 
 i 'm pathetic . 
 `` will you stop it with the dushell ! 
 you know my name is brittany . 
 and for the record , i do n't have a death wish . 
 i am a realist and if these are my last days , i want to be called by my name . 
 i want my identity back . '' 
 brittany could afford to be weak , she was right , she had no one . 
 i could n't afford it . 
 simon was waiting for me and if i lost it , i lost him . 
 i kept my back turned and gave her privacy . 
 she needed to cry and get it out . 
 she was badass . 
 life made her that way . 
 but here , in our privacy , she could let her guard down and wail . 
 as her friend , i would let her . 
 `` i want my identity back , damn it ! '' 
 brittany cried harder now . 
 she splashed water and cried . 
 i did my best to keep it together . 
 i thought it was a good idea , now i regretted that decision . 
 my tears pooled and then silently crept down my face . 
 i shut my eyes tight to hold on . 
 needing reinforcement , i put my hand to my face to cover my eyes . 
 `` damn it ! 
 damn you all ! '' 
 i listened and waited for the splashing to die down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , brittany . 
 but you 're wrong , you 're not alone . 
 not at all . 
 you are my family and i am here for you to the bitter end and you and i ... we are getting out of here and finding our brother . 
 somehow , god willing , we will make it . '' 
 with that , i made a move i told myself i would never make . 
 i faced her and we hugged . 
 my tears fell on her shoulder and hers on mine . 
 we did n't have a knife or cut our fingers or anything like that , but we became blood brothers , we bonded for life . 
 our tears were our blood . 
 we got out of the water to grab something to eat . 
 i felt better after our cry and can only imagine that she did as well . 
 we did n't talk at all . 
 we dressed and quietly made our way back to the others . 
 i for one , felt embarrassed . 
 i never made eye contact with her , but i was there for her one hundred percent . 
 `` it 's about time , '' said jones . 
 he was coming toward us . 
 `` i thought maybe you fell in . '' 
 i knew his infamous wink came next . 
 i braced for it , and like clockwork , there it was . 
 `` we obviously have more to clean , '' said brittany . 
 `` judging by your size , i 'll keep a seat warm for ya . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i joined in . 
 `` two and half minutes oughta do it , little soldier . '' 
 we chuckled jones laughed . 
 `` watch your mouth , i 'm still in charge of you dickwads . '' 
 we stood at attention and saluted as he went by . 
 `` aye , aye , captain . '' 
 brittany threw him a bar of soap and then we went to the picnic table they setup for our breakfast . 
 `` hey , thompson , '' i said . 
 i thought i should try to be nicer . 
 maybe i was wrong about his involvement . 
 i was a sucker for second chances . 
 `` hey , baker , dushell . 
 how are you ladies doing on this fine day ? '' 
 his grin was borderline sinister . 
 `` still alive , '' said brittany . 
 `` glad to hear it . '' 
 thompson was something . 
 i could n't quite put my finger on it . 
 he gave me the creeps . 
 not on a sexual basis , the way guys would leer and try to look down your shirt and then pretend they were n't when you caught them in the act . 
 no , it was something else that ate at me . 
 playing the nice card did n't help , not one bit . 
 it would take time , but i would find answers , eventually . 
 brittany and i sat together and ate . 
 we could n't have privacy , thompson leered . 
 i kicked brittany under the table and she kicked me back . 
 i wanted her to ask him to stop it , she was bolder than i. i 've seen her subtlety hit guys like a brick wall . 
 without her backing , i decided to eat quickly . 
 perhaps we could make an early start and get closer to simon . 
 true to form , jones came back in roughly ten minutes . 
 we had finished our breakfast of fried spam and green beans and occupied ourselves with lady tasks . 
 brittany raked through my stringy , wet , brown hair and braided it for me . 
 i looked forward to tackling those beautiful blond locks of hers . 
 i followed the manual and packed the essentials . 
 brittany skimped on them to have room for a hairbrush , comb , and two packs of rubber bands and ties . 
 from here on out , we will coordinate . 
 i doubt if the guys did the same , they were weary of each other . 
 before jones came back , thompson sat and blatantly stared while we groomed ourselves . 
 now that jones was here , he moved off and i saw him watching us less . 
 it gave me a small chill to see him put his hand near his groin and rub . 
 thank god for jones . 
 we took a little longer on our hair , then joined jones to plan our next move . 
 jones held a map . 
 he looked around and then rolled his eyes . 
 `` thompson , '' shouted jones , `` get over here . '' 
 jones had a state map of missouri and had drawn with a red marker our route . 
 `` all right , folks . 
 our destination is a small town in northern arkansas named cherokee village . 
 we wo n't be in the town ; our camp is on the outskirts , to the west . '' 
 `` is that camp brandt ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` that 's where they took my brother , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , baker . 
 that 's where they took him . 
 when we get there , we will be part of a collaborative force . 
 i do n't know if we will stay together after that . 
 my guess is that we will all get new leaders and new assignments . 
 i hate new team members . 
 i will try to keep us together , but i do n't know what is going to happen when we get there . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 brittany asked . 
 jones pointed on the map . 
 `` we are outside mark twain national forest . 
 that 's not saying much , seeing is how i count seven of them on this map . 
 what a crazy state . 
 my best guess , considering the road ... well , i say we are here . '' 
 `` siloam springs ? '' 
 i read the name he pointed to . 
 jones consulted his compass for a moment . 
 `` yeah . 
 we go east to us 60/63 and follow it south . 
 i want to - '' `` wait , '' brittany interrupted . 
 she pointed further down on the map . 
 `` let 's make a major stop here , in west plains . 
 i know the area . 
 they have one of those super walmarts there . 
 a lot of the area should be empty , too . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they evacuated to the west coast , before you joined . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' said thompson . 
 his validation of my friend meant nothing . 
 `` zombies are everywhere , '' i said . 
 `` they could n't have gotten all the people out . 
 i know from experience , when they call for evacuations , not all the people believe it and leave . 
 how many zombies can we expect to find ? '' 
 jones sighed . 
 `` we will stay close to the road , but not on it . 
 if we avoid population centers , we lower our risk . 
 we will stop there if we can and then we cross into arkansas and find our camp . 
 it 's a lot of miles for us to walk . 
 personally , i 'm counting on finding a car with gas . '' 
 `` you and me both , '' i added . 
 i looked at the distance trying to calculate it in my head . 
 `` is that thirty miles ? '' 
 `` no , '' said jones . 
 `` that 's thirty minutes , if we had a car . 
 we are going to veer off and cut across here . 
 by car , it 's around twenty miles . 
 by foot , it may be well over an hour or more , depending on what blocks our path . '' 
 jones folded his map and put it in his pocket . 
 i was wearing jeans and a thick long sleeve shirt . 
 i admired his uniform at that moment . 
 i could use places to put stuff and had very few . 
 my blue jeans only had back pockets . 
 if i found anything useful along the way , i could stuff it in my army boots . 
 they were the only other thing besides my tags , that proved i was us property , that and my m16 . 
 `` let 's move out . '' 
 barked jones . 
 we threw our bags over our shoulders and sat out on our journey . 
 south was the direction of travel for our small party . 
 i had no sense of direction , as far as i could tell , neither did the others . 
 we had n't taken ten steps before stopping and waiting for jones to allow his trusty compass to guide us to the promised land . 
 staying in the trees was not difficult , they were everywhere . 
 we meandered along and only lost sight of the road twice before stopping for a break . 
 we sat in a clearing and polished off the last of the spam . 
 we were gambling that we could make it to town and find more of the tasty treats , perhaps other meats as well . 
 i was longing for salmon or tuna . 
 i had gotten my hopes up that they would catch some fish . 
 the pond was empty . 
 jones said it must have been in the process of being transformed into a hatchery . 
 the plan was to walk until midday . 
 after lunch , we would travel more and rest near west plains . 
 obstacles lay in our path and we adjusted our route three times before making it one third of the way to our destination . 
 we wanted full sunlight to ravage the place when we got there . 
 plus , we needed to be at full strength for the zombies . 
 as we got ready to continue walking , a shot rang out , then another . 
 we moved instantly . 
 someone , a human was in trouble . 
 we left our route and turned west into the direction of the shots . 
 louder and louder the zombie growls became . 
 we ran through an open field with no time to enjoy the feel of the grass beneath us . 
 running barefoot through grass was one of my best idiosyncrasies . 
 but there was no time for it , i ran like the rest , dropping my pack to move faster . 
 through a clearing and then through more trees , we made it . 
 we ran smack into the thing we chased , zombies . 
 they were old and moving slow , circling . 
 it did n't matter because they had the numbers on their side . 
 in the middle were three people . 
 a woman had a metal baseball bat , dripping with green slime . 
 another woman had a hammer in each hand . 
 a man carried the only weapon , a nine millimeter . 
 four dead zombies lay at their feet . 
 we stopped to appraise the situation . 
 the zombies were not charging , something was wrong . 
 they instead went around them in a slow circle . 
 one ventured forward and the woman with the bat ran at it and whacked it . 
 its head went flying and the rest of its body fell . 
 green goo came out of it , some flying and landing on zombies , the rest oozing into the soil where it lay . 
 another zombie attacked . 
 the woman with hammers acted . 
 she went up side its head with both hammers . 
 the exploding head sprayed her with green blood . 
 several advanced . 
 the man aimed and they fell . 
 but what i feared would happen , happened . 
 the man was out of ammunition and somehow they knew it . 
 every zombie advanced . 
 the small group went wild , yelling and hitting . 
 `` thompson , brittany , get in there , '' shouted jones . 
 thompson and brittany ran in . 
 they had no bullets , so they swung empty guns . 
 i took a knee beside jones and we aimed and fired . 
 `` protect our group first , '' shouted jones . 
 `` right , '' i shouted . 
 i looked for brittany . 
 she bashed them left and right . 
 one came behind her and i fired . 
 its brains exploded . 
 she had a second to react before slamming her already bent rifle onto another zombie 's skull . 
 she waved and went back to work . 
 i turned to thompson . 
 he stabbed one in the heart , how stupid can he be ? 
 i shot it in the head , hoping he would get the idea . 
 my god , he is supposed to be a smart scientist . 
 i heard screams from a woman . 
 the one with the two hammers was dragged off . 
 a large gaping wound was on the side of her neck . 
 she was wildly twisting as two of the zombies had a leg each , dragging her to her doom . 
 they stopped and one of the zombies bit into one of her legs . 
 it was too late , her eyes looked toward me with a distant look in them . 
 i shot her between those sad eyes for mercy 's sake . 
 i could only get one of the two dragging her . 
 the last pulled her body behind trees , no doubt feasting . 
 `` aww ! '' 
 shouted jones . 
 he ran into the mix with his weapon over his head as if it were a club . 
 damn , he was out of ammo . 
 i wanted to check my magazine . 
 i decided against it . 
 i would protect my team from imminent threat from my position for as long as i could . 
 i checked my scope . 
 i found brittany , she was giving them hell , good girl . 
 i found thompson . 
 a zombie advanced on him and like an idiot , he tripped backward and fell . 
 i took aim and waited , waited , waited . 
 as the zombie had his mouth open , diving for dinner , i gave it a gaping hole in its head . 
 i bet he did n't see that one coming . 
 i looked at the fool again , he looked at me wearing this big grin plastered across his bloody face . 
 `` get up you fool ! 
 i 'll be damn if i waste another bullet on you ! '' 
 i got a chance to protect my team with two more rounds , then i heard an empty click . 
 i was out . 
 chapter six i did n't hesitate , i did n't think . 
 i ran with a yell loud enough to wake the dead . 
 like jones , my bat was over my head , primed and ready . 
 into the fray i went . 
 i joined brittany and swung as hard as i could . 
 the zombie i hit was young looking , that is , the person it used to be was young looking . 
 its head cracked open with my first blow . 
 it howled at me from the ground , i smashed it again to finish it . 
 brittany protected the lone woman . 
 the man screamed her name , ruth . 
 i went to help clear his way from the three zombies blocking it . 
 i kicked the first as hard as i could in the back of the leg to knock it down , it was tall . 
 i shrieked and let the ax fall , splitting its head open . 
 the man was punching a zombie , so i clubbed the other . 
 i hit it like the last and kicked the remaining one before the man punched his fist all the way through its head . 
 `` oh , gross . '' 
 i was good until that moment . 
 watching the man bring his hand back out of the zombie 's skull was unreal . 
 green slime covered his fist with bits of what looked like tapioca pudding . 
 gross . 
 we got them . 
 i took a moment to look at the busted skull of the zombie . 
 i was n't alone , thompson saddled up beside me . 
 he picked up a twig , poked around in the skull , then grasped it with his hands . 
 `` it 's thinner than it should be . 
 that 's a good sign . '' 
 thompson said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they are dying , not the newly made , but the older zombies that have been around for a while . 
 we thought it was part of a strategy . '' 
 he wiped his hand , then ran it through his thinning hair . 
 `` what strategy . '' 
 i pressed . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm gon na have to think on it . 
 i know it 's important though . '' 
 `` all right , '' said jones . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` wait , '' the woman said . 
 `` don ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah , sorry , ruthie . 
 we led the zombies away from her daughter , katy . 
 she 's back that way , hiding in a tree house . '' 
 he pointed west . 
 `` sorry , '' said jones . 
 `` we were happy to lend a hand , but we are going in the opposite direction . '' 
 `` matt ! '' 
 brittany yelled . 
 i was just as shocked as she . 
 `` we ca n't go off target , dushell . 
 we are out of ammo . '' 
 `` how far is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` baker ! '' 
 jones growled . 
 i ignored him and looked to the stranger . 
 `` how far ? '' 
 he extended a hand to me . 
 `` i 'm don sparkson , by the way . 
 this is my neighbor , ruthie graham . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . 
 how far ? '' 
 `` about a mile from here . 
 we were walking near the road , headed north , when we saw them . 
 we were able to spot the tree house and get katy in it , before they were aware of us . 
 there was n't enough room for us , so we thought we could outrun them and circle back to get her . 
 it did n't work out the way we wanted . '' 
 `` i 'll go , '' i said . 
 jones ' face fell , i knew it would . 
 for the first time in a long while , we were on opposite sides . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 brittany said . 
 i loved her and was grateful she backed me , but it meant she was choosing me over jones . 
 `` go on , '' said jones . 
 it showed in his face , he was ticked off . 
 `` we are not the ` do good society ' we 're the army . 
 you 're going to die for no good reason . '' 
 he was probably right . 
 `` we 're still human , jones . 
 let 's not forget that . '' 
 i countered . 
 brittany and i watched the others turn to leave , namely jones and thompson , while we prepared to do a good deed . 
 don led the way and we followed . 
 `` thank you so much , '' ruthie repeated a number of times . 
 i thought about jones so much that i did n't acknowledge her pleas of gratitude . 
 maybe that 's why she thanked us so many times . 
 brittany walked beside me and brushed her arm against mine . 
 she smiled at me to reassure me . 
 it did n't work . 
 she knew very well what we had done . 
 as we walked , i shook as much zombie blood off my hands as i could . 
 i could never get it all . 
 still , with determination , i shook my hands relentlessly . 
 i would have stopped if brittany had n't been doing the same . 
 we came to a group of trees . 
 several meters into them , don pointed to the small tree house . 
 my god , it was small . 
 there was no way ruthie could have gotten in with her daughter . 
 i know it must have killed her , to leave katy there and run . 
 i have no kids , but i know from personal experience , it has to take a lot of love for a mother to walk away . 
 ruthie walked away and knew she may never see her baby again . 
 it pained me . 
 simon flashed across my mind and i quickly shut him out . 
 not now ! 
 `` katy ! 
 katy ! '' 
 ruthie walked around the tree house , looking up for a response . 
 `` give her the code , '' said don . 
 ruthie stopped marching around the base of the tree . 
 `` cinderella will always twirl . '' 
 she shouted upward . 
 the little door opened . 
 a little head poked out . 
 her hair was long and stringy , like her mother 's hair . 
 red , wild , and unmanageable . 
 she craned her neck down and i saw her dirty face , my heart leaped . 
 it was as if we had a chance to win after all . 
 if we kept in mind what we were fighting for , we could n't lose . 
 `` cinderella does n't twirl , '' the tiny voice said back . 
 ruthie 's face filled with tears and she held out her hands . 
 `` she does in my world . 
 come here , baby . '' 
 the little house had a porch . 
 the girl crawled out onto it and looked down at us . 
 `` they are okay , katy . '' 
 don reassured her . 
 `` we found them up ahead . 
 there are two more of them that we have to catch . '' 
 she looked at us cautiously . 
 `` where 's ann ? '' 
 don held out his hands . 
 `` jump down , i will catch you . '' 
 `` where 's ann ? '' 
 she repeated , growing concerned . 
 `` jump , '' said don . 
 the little girl crawled and kind of fell forward . 
 the tree house looked to be fifteen or more feet off the ground and with no limbs to climb , i can only assume they had used a ladder to get her up there . 
 don caught her and handed her to her mother . 
 she latched around ruthie 's neck immediately . 
 i waved at her from behind ruthie 's back , she half smiled at me . 
 smart girl , do n't trust strangers . 
 `` hi , i 'm zora . 
 my friends call me , zee . 
 who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm katy . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , katy . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , too . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm brittany . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm katy . '' 
 `` well , it 's good to meet you , katy . 
 it 's been a long time since i met someone your age . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` we better catch the others , before jones gets too far ahead . '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` we are ready , '' said don . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 brittany led us back . 
 she was out in front and instinctively i slowed to fall to the rear . 
 directly in front of me was don and ahead of him , ruthie carrying katy . 
 we walked at a quick pace back the way we came . 
 up ahead was the area of fighting , littered with dozens of dead zombies . 
 i stopped . 
 i heard something . 
 a low zombie growl , no , it was much worse . 
 i veered from our path , the others had n't heard it and if i were wrong , there would be no need to alarm them . 
 i decided to check it out on my own . 
 with my gun out in front of me , i crept toward it , while keeping an eye on the others ahead of me . 
 i left the open space while they meandered through the corpses . 
 i noticed katy clinging tighter to her mother 's neck , her face buried in her mother 's hair . 
 i crept toward the outer trees listening to the sound getting louder . 
 if i did n't know better , i would say it was some type of pleasure sound . 
 when i found it , i was right . 
 i saw the zombie who dragged the woman off , the one who had the hammers , ann . 
 it munched on her , loudly , making what sounded like voracious feasting sounds as it tore pieces of her flesh off . 
 the zombie looked up at me and howled . 
 i buried the tip of my gun into its brain , not once , but twice . 
 i graced ann with the same , no sense she waking with a zombie appetite . 
 i came out into the clearing feeling better . 
 brittany ran to me , ready to swing . 
 `` what is it ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` one last zombie , i took care of him . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i wiped the spew off the end of my gun and marched forward . 
 brittany gave me a congratulatory smirk and took her lead position again . 
 i stepped over a dead zombie and something shining caught my eye . 
 i cautiously bent down . 
 i made it a practice not to get close to zombie bodies , dead or otherwise . 
 beneath a zombie 's back lay intrigue , the shiny thing that captured my attention . 
 my fingers were trembling and i could n't stop them . 
 telling myself the creature was dead had little effect on them . 
 still , i could n't stop shaking and i could n't move on without it . 
 i knew what it was . 
 metal . 
 i gingerly lifted the deadweight and pulled it out , one of the dead woman 's hammers . 
 we can use this . 
 i wore a belt with my pants ; i stuck it there and for good measure , kicked the zombie before catching up to the others . 
 minutes later we saw the others moving toward a house . 
 we kept our pace , no need to hurry ; it looked as though this would be our home for the night . 
 jones went in while thompson watched at the door . 
 by the time we reached the house , they were inside scavenging . 
 the fading sunlight told the tale . 
 this was our home tonight . 
 i walked in to see thompson reclining on a couch . 
 i pushed past the others to find jones . 
 searching room to room , i found him in a back bedroom . 
 `` hey . '' 
 jones looked up at me from inside a closet , `` hey . '' 
 `` we got the girl ; she looks maybe five or six . '' 
 i thought that may smooth things over between us . 
 `` what would you like to do next ? '' 
 his words were sweet and softly spoken . 
 they did more damage that way . 
 he stuck me with his knife and twisted for good measure . 
 `` what do you think we should do ? '' 
 `` what do you think we should do ? '' 
 another stab , and that one hurt more . 
 i had to nip it in the bud . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was wrong . 
 you are my commanding officer and i broke rank . '' 
 my shaky words were strong . 
 `` respect my authority , zee zee . '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` we ca n't save the world . '' 
 his words hurt . 
 i deserved them and did n't fight back . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` people are dying out there at this moment . '' 
 his face was bright red as he jabbed his finger in the air . 
 `` we will never be able to save everyone . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it was a little girl , jones . 
 ca n't you understand that ? 
 it was a little girl . 
 if they had died , what was she supposed to do on her own ? 
 i had to help her . '' 
 `` you 're my second , baker . 
 you ca n't do that in front of people . 
 your job is to back me and follow orders . 
 `` i always back you and i do follow orders . '' 
 he gave me a confused look . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i wo n't cross the line again . 
 will you forgive me ? '' 
 `` do n't do it again . '' 
 i felt better . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` check out the kitchen . 
 you and dushell have kitchen duty . 
 dismissed . '' 
 he turned his back to me and went back to searching the closet . 
 i snapped to attention and saluted his back . 
 it felt like old times . 
 i left the room full of energy and in high spirits . 
 dushell stood by a window . 
 she would get a kick out of this one . 
 `` private dushell , kitchen duty . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` aye , aye , captain , '' she shot back . 
 we laughed as we walked to the kitchen . 
 a shadow went across a wall and we snapped into soldier mode . 
 `` they checked the whole house , did n't they ? '' 
 brittany looked apprehensive . 
 `` we better double-check . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i went right , she went left . 
 it was a nice kitchen in a nice house . 
 we fanned out and looked on both sides of the marbled island fixed in the center of the room . 
 we did n't think they could get in them , but we opened all the bottom shelves and looked under the table for hidden zombies . 
 i set my mind to wonder where the shadow came from . 
 it happened again and i saw it . 
 i saw several thin wires wrapped together . 
 the wire was moving the kitchen blind . 
 `` britt ? '' 
 she crept to me , watching the wire and blind move . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 i shook my head . 
 i had no idea what it was . 
 it came from the floor . 
 specifically , it shot up from a larger hole in the floor . 
 i waved brittany closer and whispered . 
 `` is there a basement in this house ? '' 
 she whispered back , `` they did n't say . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 we eased back out of the kitchen . 
 ruthie washed katy 's face in a bowl she found . 
 i noticed my backpack next to her was open . 
 was it my precious bottled water she used ? 
 my stomach dropped . 
 pushing back my anger , i put a finger to my lips to quiet them . 
 now was n't the time to discuss supplies . 
 thompson got to his feet and picked up his rifle . 
 i tiptoed to the couch , got mine , and brittany pulled her pipe from her backpack . 
 looking around , i spotted the door to the basement . 
 `` did you or jones check the basement ? '' 
 i whispered to thompson . 
 his confusion told the story . 
 he sadly shook his head . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 i led us to the door and quietly turned the doorknob and eased the door open . 
 i held my nose , a putrid smell rose from the basement . 
 zombies were in the basement . 
 jones and thompson had n't thoroughly searched . 
 i shot a look at thompson and he shrugged as if it was n't him . 
 how could he not care ? 
 not now , i told myself . 
 i turned back to the basement door and steeled myself for entry . 
 i saw a ceiling light fixture , a long chord dangled from it . 
 from behind me came a light . 
 i looked back and saw it came from brittany 's flashlight . 
 i descended the steps carefully , imagining a zombie grabbing my feet to trip me . 
 i watched too much tv and believe it or not , i loved the scenes of the stupid girls tripping and getting whacked . 
 they deserved it . 
 `` zee ? '' 
 brittany whispered behind me . 
 `` shh , i see something . '' 
 i motioned her forward and directed her to shine her light against a wall . 
 that 's it . 
 i saw a wall of cement that went nearly to the top of the ceiling . 
 about a foot separated it from touching the ceiling . 
 in the middle was a door with a piece of wood across it , slid through holders on either side of the door . 
 up above i saw the wire moving . 
 when brittany shined her light on it , it stopped . 
 someone was inside , moving the wire . 
 `` hey , anybody out there ? '' 
 it was a man 's voice , filled with desperation . 
 he was human . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` wh-who is there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hey , help me . 
 open the door and let me out . '' 
 i moved forward to open the door , brittany grabbed me . 
 `` do n't open that door . 
 he 's back there for a reason . 
 that 's a prison cell . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 the man pounded on the door . 
 `` do n't leave me here . '' 
 `` why are you back there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` open the door and let me out . '' 
 `` why are you back there ? 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 let me out . '' 
 the banging became more of a frantic escape attempt . 
 the man was human and that was good enough for me . 
 i could no more leave him than i could leave katy . 
 instinctively , i held up my m16 . 
 with ambivalence , i took a step forward . 
 thompson grabbed me . 
 `` i would n't do that if i were you . '' 
 i shook loose . 
 `` you 're not me . '' 
 i slid the piece of wood aside . 
 `` zee , '' brittany protested . 
 `` shh . '' 
 i cautiously opened the door . 
 i held up my gun , ready to fire . 
 i expected a charge . 
 what i saw was a man chained at his waist and wrists to a wall . 
 there were clothes strewn about and a few metal clothes hangers were near him . 
 i thought of the wire and it occurred to me that it was a collection of straightened out clothes hangers . 
 the man was standing inside a closet . 
 the smell was strongest here and from the scent , it came from this room . 
 to the left of him lay a body in chains , a dead zombie . 
 the zombie 's head was smashed in and its brains lay seeping into the dirt floor . 
 i looked at the bits of brain and its grossness made my face sour in repulsion . 
 following the gook on the ground , i ended my gaze at the man 's feet , his right cowboy boot had traces of green slime . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` they locked us down here in chains , zombies scratched us . 
 she turned , i did n't . '' 
 i wavered , my rifle did n't . 
 it sounded plausible and the blood on his boot proved it . 
 `` how long have you been locked up . '' 
 the man pointed to something out of my view . 
 i stepped forward and craned my neck to look without having to go further into the hell before me . 
 i saw five jugs of water in plastic gallon containers . 
 three were on their sides , empty . 
 next to the water , i saw sealed and emptied bags of beef jerky . 
 i hate to say it , given where i was and the rancid smell in the air , but my mouth watered . 
 the thought of the jerky overpowered my repulsion . 
 `` explain ? '' 
 `` they left us . 
 it was two days ago . '' 
 thompson was our zombie expert . 
 it killed me to have to turn to him . 
 i had no choice . 
 `` thompson . 
 what do you think ? 
 is his story possible ? '' 
 thompson came forward . 
 his smirk pronounced , curbing the corners of his thin lips upward . 
 he enjoyed himself at my expense . 
 i still want to kill him . 
 chapter seven thompson brushed past me . 
 i know it was his attempt to prove his superiority to me . 
 one day i would get to put him in his place and it would feel good . 
 he briefly eyed the man before going to the dead zombie . 
 he bent down and did something i could n't see . 
 moments later he rose . 
 `` this corpse is at least a day old . 
 his story makes sense . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 he glowered . 
 `` i know ! '' 
 i was n't going to argue with him . 
 i passed my gun to brittany and went to see if i could free the man . 
 remembering my hammer , i took it out . 
 `` no , no ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` hit that chain . '' 
 he pointed to the center chain bolted to the floor . 
 `` whatever , '' i said . 
 even though he was n't in any danger , he turned his head as i slammed the hammer down . 
 i freed the chain and he bolted past me and up the stairs without a word . 
 `` that 's gratitude for ya . '' 
 brittany echoed my sentiments . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 we went back upstairs . 
 with the door shut tight , the smell died . 
 it surprised me to see our guest there . 
 i figured he would n't slow down until he hit the border . 
 `` you have a name ? '' 
 it was n't a bark , at least i did n't think it was . 
 `` charley penwright . '' 
 the gall of these people . 
 like ruthie , he went through my pack and chowed down on one of my cans of pork-n-beans . 
 i looked mortified . 
 then i thought , where 's ruthie and katy ? 
 `` uh-hem , '' said jones . 
 jones was standing in the hallway . 
 to his left was ruthie and behind her , wrapped around her leg was katy . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` i see i missed the party . '' 
 jones ' gaze fixed solely on me . 
 i shuddered , i had done it again . 
 `` i see they found you . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he snarled , `` they did . '' 
 before i could utter my pitiful sorry , he turned to the man on the couch . 
 `` charley penwright , '' he said without looking up . 
 he was nearly through wolfing down my beans . 
 jones looked at him , but directed his words toward me . 
 `` is chow ready ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i nodded to brittany and we both went back to the kitchen . 
 we rifled through the cabinets , they were bare . 
 the only bright spot was that we found a pack of unopened children 's birthday paper plates . 
 i found a rag and wiped down the table . 
 brittany collected our bags from the living room while i opened the blinds to catch the last of the sun 's light . 
 brittany had helped in a way i would later discover had been profound . 
 she carried napkins in her pack ; most of our canned goods were in mine . 
 i opened the remaining beans and counted our growing number of mouths . 
 jones , dushell , thompson , me , tom , ruthie , katy , and don . 
 no wait , i counted again , something felt wrong . 
 i counted eight people and sat up eight plates . 
 we had two cans of green beans , one can of spinach , four cans of pork-n-beans we got from our zombie couple , and in jones ' pack , i found two beers . 
 we would n't need the beers so i left them in his pack and took out a can opener . 
 i was ready , but saw no way to divide the meal . 
 brittany called them to the table . 
 this would have to sustain us until we got to the store in the morning . 
 i was n't optimistic about what we would find . 
 still , there had to be something at the store we could use . 
 everyone gathered around the table and stood next to a plate . 
 it should have just been us -- the guy we rescued had already polished off my can of beans . 
 jones looked at what we had done and scowled . 
 i have no doubt if we were back in camp we would be on latrine duty for a month . 
 the meal looked dismal . 
 it hit me . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 i raced out of the room and with a few hurried breaths , i opened the basement door . 
 i ran to the back cell , gathered my find , and raced back to the kitchen with my bounty . 
 i opened a bag of jerky and put a couple pieces on each plate . 
 it dressed them up better , making me feel better . 
 brittany provided the cups and i poured from a jug of water . 
 `` it 's buffet style . '' 
 i explained . 
 i passed the first can of green beans with a plastic spoon to jones on my left . 
 `` wait , '' said tom , or was it charley . 
 it was definitely the guy from the basement . 
 `` anyone want to say a quick prayer ? '' 
 that impressed me . 
 `` i will , '' said ruthie . 
 they bowed their heads , she said a prayer . 
 i did n't listen to her words . 
 i watched the faces of my new family . 
 the former prisoner had his head bowed , impressive . 
 ruthie finished and jones handed her the can of beans . 
 she put heaping spoonfuls in two plates for her and katy , then passed the can to thompson . 
 the cans rotated in the same fashion in silence . 
 the partials were placed in the center of the table and we dug in . 
 like most , i went first to the beef jerky ; i was dying to take a bite . 
 it felt heavenly . 
 i missed it and ice cream . 
 some stayed at the table and the rest retired to the living room . 
 i saw jones heading to the living room and followed . 
 he detoured to a bedroom and so did i. `` what is it , private baker ? '' 
 `` are we back to formality ? '' 
 `` what do you want , zee zee ? '' 
 that was n't much better . 
 i could feel his hostility even though he was speaking softly . 
 `` do n't call me that . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 jones spoke low , but the words had a bite to them . 
 here goes nothing . 
 `` it happened so fast there was n't time to get you . '' 
 his eyes rolled . 
 `` there was n't , '' i pleaded . 
 `` you want to replace me ? '' 
 he looked at me wildly , that hurt worse than the insult . 
 `` no , i do n't even like the army , you know that . '' 
 `` really , well how come every time i look around i see you in the middle of something you have no business being in ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` do n't play innocent with me . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i strained to keep my voice down . 
 `` whatever , zee zee . '' 
 `` do n't call me that ! '' 
 i roared and then immediately regretted it . 
 jones looked as if he loathed me . 
 his fists were balled and i could see him restraining himself , i prayed it continued . 
 he moved back and forth on the balls of his feet . 
 still , he stayed in his place and did n't advance toward me . 
 `` i 'm going to be ... , '' he said softly , `` may i have some privacy ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i left the room , dejected . 
 i had to find a way to repair our relationship . 
 jones was a great guy . 
 he deserved better . 
 `` zora , '' said little katy . 
 she ran to me and hugged me around my legs ; her head barely came to my waste . 
 i looked down at her and had no idea what to say . 
 `` here , want some ? '' 
 i looked into her little hand , it held a thin piece of jerky . 
 `` no , sweetie . 
 that 's yours . 
 you need to eat it so you can grow up big and strong . '' 
 it sounded stupid saying it , but that 's all i had . 
 `` it 's not mine , it 's charley 's . 
 he did n't want it and gave it to me . 
 i ate mine first . 
 then i had beans , two kinds , and then i -- '' `` wait . 
 charley , that 's the guy from downstairs ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` he gave you his food ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i saw him on the couch looking at us . 
 i left katy and stood in front of him . 
 `` you gave her your food ? 
 why ? '' 
 charley looked whimsical . 
 `` i thought that would have been obvious . '' 
 i bristled . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i ate jerky for two days . 
 every man likes a little variety in his diet . '' 
 he looked me head to toe , grinning . 
 i clenched my fist in anger . 
 i wanted nothing more than to slap him and wipe the smug look from his face . 
 instead , i retreated to the kitchen . 
 `` what 's got your panties in a bunch ? '' 
 brittany asked . 
 i picked up a towel to help her clean . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 my sigh turned into a yawn . 
 `` did jones make out any sleeping arrangements ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` well , do n't you think you need to check ? 
 me , i 'm good . 
 i had a stray thought about the rest . '' 
 `` fine . 
 damn ! '' 
 i left the kitchen in a huff and did n't stop until i was face to face with jones . 
 dushell did that on purpose , some blood brother she turned out to be . 
 `` did you make out sleeping assignments ? '' 
 jones stared out the window into the dark . 
 `` there are two bedrooms . 
 the other is the biggest ; assign it to the mother and daughter . 
 you and dushell will stay with them . 
 i will take this one and the rest have the living room . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i waited for him to dismiss me . 
 jones never turned around to face me , so after a minute , i left . 
 i gathered brittany , ruthie and katy in the large bedroom . 
 they got the bed . 
 brittany and i would rotate guard duty and sleep on the floor . 
 jones did n't command it ; i acted as if he had . 
 i stayed in the room most of the time , then walked throughout the house , except for the basement . 
 i woke brittany during the night , so i could sleep . 
 in the morning , we would descend on the store and i wanted to be fresh . 
 sounds of a scuffle woke me . 
 i slept next to my gun . 
 i grabbed it and ran to the living room , zombies were attacking . 
 no , it was n't zombies . 
 i saw a scuffle between the men and brittany . 
 she was trying to hold jones back . 
 jones kicked thompson . 
 thompson was on the floor , in a ball , holding himself . 
 don and charley were there too . 
 don assisted brittany in restraining jones , while charley was free to kick a covered thompson . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i raced over . 
 with the screaming and shouting , i could n't make heads or tails as to what was going on . 
 we shouted , shoved , and tugged . 
 finally , i took charge and walloped charley . 
 then with a little persuasion , i got the others to stop . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` that fucker , '' jones shouted , red-faced , `` i caught him at your bedroom door , leering . '' 
 the thought of it gave me the chills . 
 i knew i did n't like thompson for a reason . 
 i looked at him , he did n't deny it . 
 thompson 's face was bloody and he lay on the floor with his usual smirk . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thompson grinned and shrugged . 
 `` it 's the end of the world as we know it , '' he tried singing . 
 `` you motherfucker ! '' 
 jones tried to get to him again . 
 it took all of us to hold him back . 
 `` you do n't deny it ? '' 
 the man only shrugged . 
 `` live a little , while you have the chance . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` do not go gentle into that good night . 
 party like it 's 1999 . '' 
 thompson 's laughter chilled me to the bone . 
 the man had lost it . 
 i acted . 
 `` the basement . 
 lock his ass in the basement . '' 
 don and charley released jones . 
 brittany opened the door , releasing the foul stench of death . 
 i looked at thompson , he deserved it . 
 the men grabbed thompson and hauled him to the basement . 
 personally , i hoped they would throw him down the stairs and crack his head wide open . 
 none of us cared about the smell or the darkness , we got him to his new home in record time . 
 charley bolted the door and we left him there to rot . 
 i could hear him banging on the door as we left . 
 he was laughing , maybe he had snapped . 
 `` you ca n't leave me here . 
 you will be back . 
 you need me ! 
 you will be back . 
 you need - '' brittany slammed the door shut , cutting him off . 
 thank god . 
 `` what a creep . '' 
 i turned to jones to question him . 
 `` are you positive ? '' 
 jones looked at me as if i were crazy . 
 he gritted his teeth . 
 `` he was peeking through the door and one of his hands was in his pants . 
 you tell me ! '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i hate to admit it and never would , but i felt better . 
 i had my answer to the elusive thompson . 
 it could n't have been us , brittany and i ; we had been with him all this time . 
 it must be katy . 
 thompson is a pedophile . 
 that was the missing piece . 
 i felt relief , knowing i was n't his target . 
 then i thought of katy . 
 i was a bigger jackass than thompson . 
 how could i put my welfare above a helpless child 's ? 
 i wanted to go back and kick him myself . 
 one thing i will say for thompson , he was right , we did need him . 
 i had a feeling he held back on what he told us . 
 i could n't see us leaving him there in the morning , yet i had no solution . 
 the morning would take care of itself , i thought . 
 jones is the boss ; it 's his job to figure these things out . 
 `` britt ? 
 where were you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 brittany 's face contorted . 
 `` i was on the front porch . 
 well , actually , i went around the back to check our perimeter . 
 while i was there , i had to use the bathroom . 
 he must have gone to the door at that time . '' 
 my friend 's voice was low and full of remorse . 
 i regretted asking the question . 
 `` let 's get some shuteye , '' said jones . 
 `` we got a lot of traveling in the morning . '' 
 `` what about thompson ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are we leaving him here ? '' 
 `` damn straight , '' said charley . 
 `` we do him like they did me . 
 we leave him a jug of water and some jerky . 
 somebody might come along and set him free . '' 
 `` somebody might come along and eat him , too . '' 
 i countered . 
 `` so what , '' charley said , his words venomous . 
 `` do you get what he would have done to you , to that girl ? 
 he deserves no mercy , not one ounce ! '' 
 charley was right , but it infuriated me . 
 `` who made you god ? 
 if i remember correctly , you were the one chained to a wall in need of rescue not ten hours ago . '' 
 `` shh , '' said brittany . 
 `` they maybe sound sleepers , but you two are going to wake the dead . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' said charley . 
 `` me , too , '' i said . 
 i was n't mad at him or thompson . 
 i knew what i was doing . 
 every one sat in the living room . 
 brittany and i did n't go back to our room and neither did jones . 
 for a while , no one spoke . 
 to liven things up a bit , brittany engaged everyone in a game of charades . 
 we were starting to unwind , when we heard this low groaning sound , coming from the bedroom . 
 it grew louder . 
 zombies . 
 `` ruthie ! 
 katy ! '' 
 jones was the closest to the door . 
 he ran to it to save them . 
 when he opened the door , we saw them . 
 they were not being attacked by zombies , they were zombies . 
 they howled and staggered out of the room toward us . 
 jones jumped out of the way of ruthie 's grasp and fell back . 
 ruthie bent down to bite him and he kicked her and knocked her back . 
 i did n't get a chance to see anymore , the little zombie , katy , was on the move . 
 she ran at me . 
 her red eyes fixed with hunger . 
 i had no time to get to my gun and had removed my hammer to sleep . 
 i punched her on the side of her head , knocking her back . 
 she leaped to her feet and came at me again . 
 the surprising thing was that the flesh on one of her legs was missing completely . 
 i had time to register that fact before the next attack . 
 this time , i kicked her in her stomach -- it was hard forgetting she was n't a sweet innocent child . 
 at first i took it easy on her . 
 then i realized it is either her or me and i had plans to live another day . 
 fired up by thoughts of rejoining simon , i looked for a weapon . 
 my quick scan gave me nothing . 
 i ran into the kitchen to grab a chair , i could break it over her back . 
 the chairs were wooden and once broken , i could use the pieces as weapons . 
 katy was quick . 
 she was on me and grabbed me around my waist ready to bite me in my back . 
 i fell forward and swung at her at the same time , knocking her loose . 
 i sprang to my feet and ran around the table . 
 she howled and lunged at me and i whacked her . 
 she fell back and came again . 
 with nothing more to think to do , i held up the chair to give myself more time to think . 
 i needed a strategy fast . 
 before i could think of one , charley came to my rescue . 
 he had my gun and readied to whack her from behind with it . 
 with his strength , it took two strong whacks and she was out . 
 i closed my eyes and waited . 
 i did n't want to see , but i heard the final whack that flew bits of brains all over me . 
 i wiped the goup away and opened my eyes . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 that was all i could manage . 
 if not for charley , i might have lost my life . 
 i was one of our best marksmen . 
 with a gun , i am an all-powerful death machine . 
 without one , i resort to the stupid girl syndrome . 
 i 'm surprised i did n't fall down and twist an ankle . 
 thank god i 'm not blond . 
 chapter eight morbid curiosity made me look down at katy as i went by her . 
 her left eye was open , a tinge red , staring at me . 
 the right side of her face was missing . 
 a trail of blood scattered from the opening and was slowly seeping into the floor . 
 why was she so fast and so hard to kill ? 
 i closed my eyes in prayer and memory of her before going into the living room . 
 there , charley and i saw the aftermath of their encounter . 
 brittany and jones had blood on them , they stood over the bodies of don and ruthie . 
 we had gone through so many zombies , it was a daily thing . 
 we had n't had a chance to change , so we had green blood piled on top of a darker , greenish-black , dried blood . 
 we were alive , but looked a mess . 
 at least we were n't dead . 
 don had a huge chunk torn out of his neck . 
 ruthie 's head lay smashed in pieces . 
 brittany 's once bent rifle , was now in the shape of the letter ` v ' and lay discarded among the bodies . 
 `` we need something hard , '' said jones . 
 he was looking down at the bodies . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 brittany looked up at me . 
 `` don got bit . 
 we lost both guns and need something to finish him off with . '' 
 i must have been in a fog , because i did n't get it . 
 brittany had a pipe in her bag , why was n't she using it . 
 i must be missing something . 
 i looked at them for an answer . 
 brittany and jones looked at me funny , as if something was wrong with me . 
 `` he 's going to turn , zee zee . '' 
 jones gave me a hard look . 
 all right , i will give him that one for free . 
 if he calls me that again , it 's on . 
 i broke the mutual gaze we shared to look at don . 
 he moved . 
 they were correct . 
 i did n't think he was still alive . 
 `` oh , i forgot about that part . '' 
 we looked for something . 
 i remembered my hammer and went back to the bedroom to get it . 
 i stopped when i looked at the window . 
 i went to it , double-checking the locks . 
 it had n't been opened . 
 scanning the room , i saw no zombies . 
 there were no holes in the walls from them breaking in ; we would have heard that at least . 
 how did they get in ? 
 with confusion , i took the hammer and went back to the living room . 
 i gave it to jones , he was our leader and i did n't want to do it myself . 
 it 's time for him to do the parts of the job that make him the boss . 
 i stepped back and turned my head . 
 jones was quick . 
 it only took one blow to remove don 's brain . 
 he was a nice guy . 
 i should have spent more time getting to know him . 
 like katy , i closed my eyes tight and remembered him . 
 `` poor bastard , '' said jones . 
 `` she was damn strong . 
 she knocked me down and was about to rip into dushell when -- '' `` he saved me , zee . '' 
 brittany finished for him . 
 `` he sacrificed himself for me . 
 he said he was sorry . 
 that 's the last thing he said to me , he said he was sorry . '' 
 brittany whimpered . 
 i did n't have to turn around to know it and did n't want to see it anyway . 
 she was tough as nails in a fight , better than half the guys in our squad . 
 still , she was human . 
 `` how did they get in ? '' 
 i wanted to change the subject . 
 `` they must have come through a window . '' 
 jones guessed . 
 `` no , '' i turned around . 
 `` i checked . 
 the window in the bedroom is locked . 
 and we were all in here with the front door locked . '' 
 brittany had the answer . 
 `` they were bitten before they came here , before we met them . 
 i guess that 's what don was sorry about . '' 
 `` let 's check . '' 
 i turned around and went to ruthie 's body . 
 she was covered in blood . 
 i lifted her bloody dress because i saw nothing on her legs . 
 on her right back leg was a bite mark with deep teeth impressions . 
 above that , a huge chunk was missing where the leg meets the hip . 
 i saw bone . 
 `` damn . 
 she could have told us . 
 how could she do that to her own child ? '' 
 `` love is blind , '' said brittany . 
 charley scoffed . 
 `` not for everyone . '' 
 `` let 's cover them with sheets from the beds , '' jones said . 
 `` i doubt if any of us are going back to sleep . '' 
 we covered the bodies and all four of us sat without talking . 
 brittany held my hand and now and then squeezed softly . 
 we sat on the couch with jones and stared at the front door . 
 the sun would come up soon and we would be off . 
 charley sat across from us in a swivel chair . 
 he would turn this way and that and the chair would creak . 
 it provided most of our conversation . 
 it began to get light outside . 
 `` what do we do about thompson ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` leave him , '' charley blurted . 
 talking about thompson made him angry . 
 i can only assume he hated pedophiles . 
 when i thought about the word , it brought up memories of doctor blake touching simon 's shoulder . 
 anger wailed up in me . 
 `` fine , we leave him . '' 
 `` no , we do n't , '' said brittany . 
 she looked appalled at my suggestion . 
 `` we are not leaving him , '' said jones . 
 i was floored . 
 `` you 're the one who wanted to leave him in the first place . 
 were n't you the one kicking him ? '' 
 `` we are taking him , '' said jones . 
 `` end of discussion . 
 we do n't leave our people behind . '' 
 `` whatever , '' i scoffed . 
 charley , brittany , and jones went to the basement to get thompson , i refused . 
 i stayed in the living room , staring at their backs as they descended the stairs . 
 nothing fazed me , not even the smell that inflamed my nostrils . 
 i stood looking at the door , waiting for them to return with thompson . 
 it was just as i imagined it would be . 
 thompson 's smirk greeted me with an unbelievable force . 
 i steeled myself and determined i would not crumble . 
 i met his malicious grin with one of my own . 
 `` zee zee , how are you ? 
 i hope you slept well . '' 
 though he did n't laugh , he was close to it . 
 charley hit thompson in the back and knocked him forward , causing the others to have to catch him . 
 `` oops , sorry . '' 
 charley winked at me . 
 i appreciated it , but showed no reaction . 
 `` i said we do n't leave our people behind and i meant it . '' 
 jones stared at me . 
 `` thompson , you are free to go . 
 if you come with us , you will be on your best behavior . 
 and i will not tolerate mocking my people . 
 if we find some ammo , i will shoot you myself . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 thompson 's eyes were on me . 
 `` of course . '' 
 another smirk . 
 being the closest to the door , i left out first . 
 during the early hours , brittany and i had packed . 
 we marched down the road carrying packs . 
 my stomach rumbled lightly . 
 very soon i will satisfy it . 
 chapter nine they say an army travels on its stomach , i now believe that . 
 being a woman , i have to add that a good pair of boots helps . 
 thank god for all the women of the military who came before me . 
 i thank them for making sure i had comfortable boots . 
 though it helped , if we did n't take a break or reach the city soon , i was sure i would wear the bottom out of my boots . 
 we stayed as close to the trees as we could for most of the journey . 
 when no trees were around us , we moved as fast we could , kind of like playing hide and seek with and unseen friend . 
 in and out , behind whatever we could find until we reached city limits . 
 something unexplainable was in the air . 
 i smelled it as sure as i could see the buildings around us . 
 it reminded me of little katy . 
 i had tried not to think of her , to block all the ugliness from my mind . 
 i had been successful for the most part , but now it hit me and it hit hard . 
 i was in the back as we walked and as hard as i tried , i could n't stop the tears from streaming down my face . 
 damn that smell or whatever it was , it had me . 
 i could n't see our destination ahead , my only hope was that i could cry in silence and nobody would turn around . 
 with my luck , it would n't happen , but i could hope . 
 it took two hours for us to arrive . 
 life had showed me a kindness . 
 no one saw me and i had time to wipe my tears and get strong again . 
 the sun recharged me . 
 i could face the world again . 
 we made it to the store and saw the parking lot was a mess . 
 we sat our bags under a tree ; there was no need to take them inside . 
 `` baker , watch our six . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 we approached the store 's front entrance and were ready to go inside . 
 i was last , i could watch our rear , but with what ? 
 not only did i not have any ammo , i had no rifle if i had the ammo . 
 i looked around to see if anyone saw us , they had n't . 
 i stepped through the broken glass door behind the others to take my first look inside the store . 
 it was a large department store with a food area . 
 inside , bodies lay rotting . 
 the smell was not bad , i ca n't say why . 
 part of it , i know is the army 's doing . 
 we cleared and burned as many bodies as we could find and sprayed others with a thick chemical that masked their decomposition smell . 
 most citizens had evacuated , which helped lower the numbers tremendously . 
 the scattered dead we saw were few and far between . 
 brittany and i had occupied ourselves with a strategy commiserate of the age-old fifteen-minute shop and grab . 
 we had n't won a contest , but we acted as if we had . 
 she had a flashlight and would go to the back of the store with a shopping cart . 
 i would grab a cart and concentrate on the front , without the need for a flashlight . 
 jones got in on the talk and he made requests for him and charley . 
 i told them i could handle the front , leaving the rest of them to tackle the food and weapons situation . 
 knowing the layout of walmart supercenters , i immediately looked up front for batteries . 
 the size did n't matter ; we needed them for radios and flashlights . 
 the store was a wreck . 
 in some areas you could n't pass by because of everything that was in the aisles . 
 i began my search and found only one pair of ` c ' batteries for brittany 's flashlight . 
 that was something . 
 further into the store , i found three packages of penlight flashlights . 
 and then i made my find , beef jerky . 
 my face lit up when i saw a row of jerky still on its hooks . 
 i hoped for just a miracle find . 
 the store had probably been cleaned out dozens of times in the last two years . 
 i would guess that people had come in as small groups , did their damage and left . 
 they must have thought like us and came for the canned goods . 
 one , two , three ... oh my god , eight large bags . 
 thank you , jesus . 
 i threw them in my cart and gave up the search for more goodies . 
 i wanted clothes . 
 brittany was comfortable without a bra , i was n't . 
 somehow i felt cheap and tawdry when i did n't wear one . 
 scavengers like us , would spend all their time in the grocery section , so i knew the clothes would be untouched , for the most part , i was right . 
 half the clothes were on the floor , trampled with bloody shoe prints . 
 the light faded , so i popped open one of my penlight flashlights . 
 normally , i would n't have , but for what i was after , i needed light to read the small printed numbers on the packages . 
 weaving through the mess , i found them . 
 bras were neatly lined up on their hangers . 
 i moved to the c-section and settled for a 36c . 
 if i admitted the truth , i would have grabbed the plentiful 38d . 
 i lie to myself in such matters . 
 brittany would n't have wanted one , instead , i found us both sports bra and then a pack of panties each . 
 i would grab socks on the way out . 
 i needed to find sweats and t-shirts first . 
 jones had given me his and charley 's measurements and i was told to grab a pair of jeans and a pair of sweats for each . 
 neither cared about shirts , however , they were adamant about pants . 
 i gathered everyone 's requests and made a detour . 
 i had time and plenty of room in the basket . 
 i got jeans for us girls and found a belt for what i would put around my waist later . 
 next , i searched for gloves , the long expensive , hard to rip kind . 
 i only saw two pairs and grabbed both . 
 like a maniac , i raced my cart to the back of the store in near darkness . 
 my shining flashlight caught the wheels of bicycles ahead and i knew i was close to my target . 
 i stopped and began my search along a wall past the exercise equipment . 
 that 's when i saw them . 
 a row of large daggers in cloth sleeves . 
 those would be perfect around my waist or boots . 
 i even had delusions of taping them to the bottom of my boots with the tip sticking out . 
 i imagined myself kicking a zombie in the head with one . 
 i would be badass with them . 
 the problem is , they were under glass , in a case . 
 i wrestled with the dilemma of how to get them , for a fleeting moment i considered calling for an employee . 
 what an idiot . 
 i got two ten-pound weights and threw them into the glass , smashing it . 
 before i could retrieve a single knife , i heard them . 
 zombies made a low howling sound that grew . 
 they were getting closer . 
 i scooped up three of the knives and threw them in my cart . 
 i debated going after the rest , then i did . 
 i scooped up a bunch . 
 instead of putting them in the cart and leaving , i unsheathed them . 
 it was time to see if my training paid off . 
 i tried not to shake as i waited for them . 
 when they burst through , i began throwing , one knife in the head to each of them . 
 i got three and missed a fourth . 
 it came at me with fantastic speed , it was a strong zombie . 
 shining my light ahead , i ran for all i was worth . 
 i zigzagged through the maze of overturned carts , discarded clothing , and the like . 
 i was able to open a small lead and went in a circle , back to my cart . 
 at the last instant , i changed plans and went for one of the zombies i dropped earlier . 
 i had enough time to pull the knife from its head , aim , and throw . 
 the zombie howled and fell to the ground dead . 
 i was so tired and out of breath , all i could do was bend and collect myself . 
 the zombie at my feet moved . 
 with a strong swift kick to the head , it moved no more . 
 i grabbed my cart and made my way to the front of the store , vowing never to do that again . 
 halfway there , i thought about the knives i left behind . 
 it was too big of a risk to go back , i would make do with the few in my cart . 
 i had had enough of zombies for the day . 
 at the front of the store , a man had his back to me . 
 i halted my cart and eased one of the daggers out of its sheath . 
 it was hard to see who it was that stood by the registers . 
 i could make out that it was a lone man and that his back was turned away from me . 
 i stopped . 
 i had the advantage of surprise on my side and put it to good use . 
 in my head , i went over everything i had learned about zombies . 
 they had red eyes -- that would n't help me as long as he was turned away from me . 
 neither would the tell-tale drool from its mouth or its crooked teeth . 
 he had n't seen me , so him wanting to eat me as proof that he was a zombie , was of no use at the moment . 
 i saw no cuts , fatal wounds , and he stood still . 
 i had to admit my knowledge was low and proving useless . 
 i took a chance . 
 i carefully pulled out a knife . 
 my marksmanship was my best military asset . 
 back in camp , i scored in the top ten consistently . 
 i got a sense of his distance and judged it to be fifteen yards . 
 i was good with any weapon at up to twenty yards , so he was in my range . 
 with a knife , i can hit a target just outside twenty yards and with a bow and arrow , add another fifty . 
 what i would n't give for a rifle . 
 i never got a chance to see how far away i could be with a scoped-rifle , but my sergeant suggested i try sniper training . 
 our army training began with us watching films of zombies eating and chasing people and techniques to combat them . 
 i had followed the manual to date and had always made it a practice to strike them from a distance away . 
 now , i was near one . 
 i reverted to my training and chose distance . 
 on the floor near me , i saw overturned clothes racks . 
 i bent down and crawled to one and took a shirt out of its hanger . 
 i crawled back to my cart with it . 
 with a hanger in one hand and a knife in the other , i threw the hanger toward the figure 's right . 
 the man turned toward it and then i saw , he was a zombie . 
 it was n't his growl , he made none . 
 it was his eyes . 
 from where i crouched , the sunlight caught them and they were n't normal . 
 besides that , a long bloody scar went down the right side of his face . 
 the scar ran from the top of his head and ended gruesomely at a torn chunk of skin near his neck . 
 i also saw that part of his nose had been eaten . 
 `` turn around , '' i whispered . 
 i could n't take him out the way he faced . 
 my knife was sharp and i knew i could hit him . 
 the problem would be where to hit him . 
 my training led me to believe the perfect spot was between the eyes and it had n't let me down yet . 
 i waited . 
 the zombie mocked me . 
 why would n't it face me and die like a good zombie ? 
 it chose to frustrate me by being slow in its reactions . 
 katy and ruthie had been practically elite athletes compared with his movements . 
 the good news is that his demeanor brought me relief in a curious manner . 
 i did n't fear him as i had my previous encounter . 
 still , i was cautious . 
 this new world had taught me nothing is at it seems and the next moments would bring the lesson home . 
 the zombie looked in the direction i threw the hanger . 
 he moved slowly toward it . 
 he stopped . 
 i heard his low howl as he opened his mouth . 
 it was a sound that rose in volume as his mouth widened . 
 in front of him , three more zombies came out of the shadows . 
 these three moved more fluidly than the other . 
 they approached the hanger and looked curiously at it . 
 a sound was made by one to his nearest companion . 
 that one then turned to the next and looking into his face , made the same brief sound . 
 that last zombie turned to the far-off slow zombie and made the same sound . 
 he then repeated the sound . 
 the three zombies turned and walked back into the shadows . 
 `` oh-my-god ! '' 
 i hoped i had whispered my shock , i had n't . 
 the slow zombie looked at me and opened his mouth wide . 
 without hesitation , i leaped up , took aim , and threw my knife into his skull . 
 i hit him before the sound could come out of his mouth . 
 i bent and breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i killed him before he could warn the others . 
 as i breathed , panic set in . 
 they can communicate . 
 my pulse quickened . 
 i tried drying my sweaty palms on my pants , then reached down into the mess of clothes around me and used some garment as a towel . 
 i washed my face before grabbing my cart and pushing it toward the front doors with caution . 
 this would be a bad time for the wheels on my cart to start squeaking . 
 i listened to them as i slowly made my way to the front . 
 my cart was full and rode evenly on the store 's smooth surface . 
 checking all around me like a paranoid schizophrenic , i made it to the door . 
 the store had no power and the glass doors had been busted out long ago . 
 i stepped out first and then lifted my cart over the door 's bottom edge . 
 i was out of the store and nearly home free . 
 brittany and i had discussed strategy for today 's shopping adventure . 
 when finished , we would take our cart outside away from the front of the store . 
 the zombies did n't eat canned food or care about our undies or clothes , so the cart would be safe in the parking lot . 
 i wheeled it a ways off and performed another check of the area for stray zombies . 
 it was now time to go to work . 
 i grabbed my pack from under the tree and dove into the bottom of the cart . 
 i began my packing with the jerky and penlights first . 
 then the pack of batteries i found for brittany 's flashlight , then the clothes . 
 i put in my things followed by brittany 's and last the others . 
 if i ran out of room , the boys ' clothes would get tossed . 
 i 'm not being mean , i 'm being practical . 
 this is a new world where looking out for number one is more than a choice , it 's a reality . 
 on the off chance brittany is killed , i could wear her clothes , so it made sense to pack them before the others . 
 the last items packed were my knives . 
 i was down to two . 
 i pressed everything in tightly , zipped my pack , and tossed it back under the tree . 
 i wanted to judge the time of day and looked at the sun for help . 
 this was never my strong suit , i stopped . 
 throughout the parking lot , i saw cars beaten in and bloodied with both red and greenish-black blood . 
 they littered the area and most had collided with one another , few were neatly parked . 
 broken glass lay in each car . 
 some had bodies in various degrees of decomposition , though most were empty ; their doors wide open in a possible escape attempt . 
 i had n't noticed it before , but at the edge of the lot was an overturned army truck . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 m16 's , grenades , rocket launchers , and food could all be in the truck . 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 my feet carried me toward the truck . 
 a zombie growled inside the store , followed by a scream , a human scream belonging to brittany . 
 i looked at the storefront and then at the truck . 
 i can only assume it was hyperventilating that happened next , my chest heaved and i felt trapped . 
 a new zombie howl forced my feet into the direction of the store . 
 i ran with reckless abandonment and dived through the broken glass entrance door and rolled along the floor . 
 i was on my feet quickly and scanning . 
 no zombies were near me . 
 the howling and screams were coming deeper back into the shadows of the store . 
 they were in the direction the three zombies took . 
 i ran toward the area . 
 i know i should have stopped at the registers and searched for a penlight , there was no time . 
 i had to get there before my friends died . 
 i ran straight ahead and was in the food section of the store . 
 the floor was slick in places , i imagined it was blood . 
 curiosity got the better of me . 
 i stole a glance at my feet to see the multicolored stickiness . 
 using my limited reasoning skills , i deduced i was in the food section and if it was n't blood , it was water and other crap . 
 probably from freezers going bad that contained my favorite vice , ice cream , chunky monkey to be exact . 
 the thought pained me . 
 i pushed it out of my head and continued my mission . 
 down a long aisle i saw light . 
 the ceiling had partially fallen and the sun shone through . 
 thank god for small favors . 
 past this bright area , i came to a wall . 
 the wall had cut me off from the rest of the food section . 
 i went around looking for a way around it , then i looked up to see if i could get over the top . 
 the wall must have been twenty feet . 
 there was no way i could get over that wall . 
 i continued , frantically looking and then ahead saw shopping carts . 
 they were on each side of an opening . 
 before fear could stop me , i went between the carts , telling myself my team needed me . 
 past the carts , i saw shelves with canned goods on them . 
 they must have a shitload of supplies . 
 after another scream , i ran farther in and saw nothing of my friends . 
 listening to the sounds of their fighting , i went deeper toward the very back of the store . 
 there i saw my friends , all alive and fighting . 
 thompson held zombies off with what i imagine were his signature move . 
 thompson threw cans at two slow zombies , they took a step toward him , then were pushed back by a large can of something . 
 these cans were so big you needed two hands to lift and throw them . 
 like cannonballs , they flew at their targets . 
 i left him to it and joined my friends who were in hand-to-hand combat with a team of zombies . 
 brittany 's screams were not from fear or yelling for help , they were battle screams . 
 she made them as she launched into zombies with her metal pipe . 
 pride wailed up in me as i watched . 
 my other team member , jones , was more of a grunter . 
 his grunts were low as he poked and jabbed with broken broomstick handles . 
 when i came alongside them , jones winked at me , before jabbing a zombie in its eye . 
 he pushed and then pulled his stick back . 
 `` catch , '' said jones . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i caught the stick . 
 `` welcome to the party . '' 
 with my new weapon , i began my charge . 
 the stick was long enough for me to grab it in the center and twirl it . 
 i could hit zombies on my left and right and hold my ground . 
 i moved away from the others for more room . 
 my friends had killed many of the creatures and more poured in . 
 `` hey , '' shouted charley . 
 `` over here . '' 
 i did n't see him at first . 
 i went up a little ways and around the corner i heard the zombie screams . 
 i ran up around the corner and there was charley and more zombies . 
 thinking he needed my help , i moved to where he fought two zombies . 
 i took my first whack and got it , but broke my stick . 
 `` oh crap ! '' 
 i now understood why jones jabbed and poked , instead of all-out swinging . 
 the zombie moved at my feet . 
 i gathered my strength and with a powerful kick , i put my combat boot through its skull , finishing him . 
 `` get another one over there . '' 
 charley yelled . 
 i looked where he pointed and saw the container holding the brooms . 
 i ran for it . 
 i made it , but not before punching a zombie in my path , there was no time to kick it . 
 i went for the brooms . 
 immediately , i saw them packed in the same box , metal sticks , and wooden sticks . 
 i touched a metal stick and it felt like it was too cheap and thin for the job . 
 i quickly touched a wooden and was satisfied . 
 i grabbed one and untwisted the end while looking up for zombies . 
 i figured i had enough time . 
 i grabbed a second and a third . 
 i carried them all back and lay two at my feet just as more zombies attacked . 
 my plan was to give jones back the one i had so recklessly destroyed and used the other as a spare . 
 i looked foolish twirling one broom handle while two others lay between my feet . 
 it did n't matter , i was on a mission . 
 i shook the nonsense out of my head and went to work . 
 i discovered i could swing carefully and then use the jab method . 
 i did both . 
 whatever it took to get them to fall , i did . 
 once on the floor , i jabbed with all my might , directly into their eye sockets . 
 for some , i used a good swift kick . 
 charley led me forward toward a set of metal double doors . 
 `` if we close those doors , we stop them . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` let 's get them . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 we battled and laid waste to all zombies in our path . 
 we made it to the doors and together shut them . 
 next to the doors was a metal chain . 
 charley wrapped the chain around the door handles and i slid my broomstick through them to seal the deal . 
 we hurried back to help the others . 
 they did n't need us ; they stood victorious with dead zombies at their feet . 
 i was in time to see thompson finish off the last zombie . 
 he stood over the fallen zombie and smashed its head with one of his giant cans of vegetables . 
 `` did you get it ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` i always do , '' said thompson . 
 his smile was sickening as usual . 
 `` hey , zee , '' said brittany , flicking goo off her boots . 
 she walked over to me . 
 `` we wondered what happened to you . '' 
 `` what happened to me ? 
 i finished a year ago . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 jones turned to me . 
 `` you saw it on the way back here , the shopping carts and the wall . 
 this must have been a hideout for people . '' 
 `` i do n't see any bodies , '' added thompson . 
 `` i guess they 're zombies . '' 
 `` well , what did you guys find ? '' 
 `` we got a shopping cart full of stuff back there . '' 
 brittany answered with pride . 
 `` you ladies get the cart , '' said jones . 
 `` we are going to take a look in automotive and check firearms . '' 
 `` have fun . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said brittany . 
 we left to get the cart and get out of the zombie-filled store . 
 chapter ten brittany and i began the task of navigating the full cart out the store . 
 the cart was so heavy , it almost tipped over twice . 
 i strained to keep it upright . 
 the last test for us would be to get the cart over the door . 
 `` wait , '' i said as we made it to the last register by the door . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i went back to the slow-moving zombie and pulled my knife out of its head . 
 i found something to wipe it down with and stuck it in my back pocket . 
 my knife total climbed back to three . 
 though we had no room for them , i saw a plentiful treat , so i grabbed them and put them in my other back pocket . 
 the world was ending and i wanted a delicacy , what could it hurt ? 
 we struggled to get the cart over the door . 
 in the end , we kicked the bottom out of our way and wheeled our cart out . 
 under the tree , we went . 
 brittany grabbed and opened her backpack and handed it to me . 
 she then went back and got jones ' pack and opened it . 
 `` get the small canned food first , zee . 
 start with the potted meat and then the vienna sausages . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i went to work . 
 `` i 'll get the sardines and a couple cans of salmon for jones . 
 i 'll put it in his pack so he will be the one carrying it . 
 i 'm not carrying them , they are too heavy and i can live without them . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 we worked in silence for a minute . 
 they had found a whole case of potted meat and another of vienna . 
 i debated how much of each to put in her bag . 
 my bag was full , but i knew its weight . 
 i could carry more . 
 i went and got my bag and put ten of the potted meat in its folds . 
 after that , i could semi-stack the rest in her pack in a way that would n't look so bulky . 
 i lifted it to fill the weight . 
 it was heavy , but manageable . 
 `` put more in there , '' said brittany . 
 she saw my test and did n't approve . 
 her look was one i had seen many times at camp . 
 everyone misjudged her and called her everything from a wallflower to a paper princess . 
 she was beautiful ; there is no denying it , even on her ugliest day i could n't hold a candle to her beauty . 
 she was , however , much more and had to constantly prove it . 
 she was n't a weak female that needed coddling . 
 often , she would be the first into the fray . 
 i could only assume hitting things gave her power and comforted her . 
 we loaded our bags and picked up new ones , thompson 's and charley 's bags . 
 not knowing and not wanting to ask what they preferred , i began putting random cans in their packs . 
 charley had a cloth sack he threw over his shoulder , it could n't hold as much as ours . 
 he looked as if he liked vegetables , i put a lot of them in his sack . 
 brittany opened thompson 's pack and carefully stacked cans into it . 
 the pack was n't as big as ours , but it held a lot . 
 she put in flip-top soups and others that required no can opener for access . 
 most of the cart went into our five bags . 
 the few remaining items we could carry or eat as we marched on toward camp brandt . 
 `` here , '' said brittany . 
 she handed me a can of vienna sausages and a box of animal crackers . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` hurry , before they come out . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i started eating . 
 i wished i had something to wash it down with and that was the first time i thought about water . 
 i knew we might not find it here , it 's been two years . 
 i hoped for juices . 
 they can survive in cans like the food . 
 `` aww ! 
 that sucks . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 brittany threw it to the ground . 
 i looked at the small container ; it had a straw in it . 
 i could n't read the writing , but i knew it was a children 's drink . 
 i wanted to pick it up and check the other side , maybe the writing was clearer . 
 i never got the chance . 
 thompson stepped through the door carrying a bloody duffel bag , followed by jones , then charley . 
 they walked toward us . 
 i remembered brittany 's words and shoved a sausage in my mouth . 
 for some reason , i reverted to a little child and thought they might take it from me . 
 i managed to stuff another in my mouth before they were next to us . 
 thompson laughed at me . 
 i felt even smaller . 
 he looked at the discarded container and at both of us . 
 brittany wiped her mouth , wearing an unpleasant frown . 
 he judged her to be the drinker of the foul beverage . 
 `` i told you , did n't i ? '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` it 's not whatever . 
 it 's common sense , something you are evidently lacking . '' 
 `` hey , '' i managed to say with a mouthful of sausages . 
 he turned his gaze on me . 
 `` any liquid in a paper container is no good . '' 
 his voice boomed at me . 
 as if i was an idiot , who could n't hear or understand basic english . 
 `` besides that , it 's been a long time since you have had that stuff . 
 it will tie your stomach in knots and god knows what else . '' 
 `` you could have just said that , '' i said in brittany 's defense , making sure not to spit out my meal . 
 thompson glared , `` i did . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i said it fast and went back to eating . 
 `` what did you guys find ? '' 
 brittany asked . 
 jones set his bag down and unzipped it . 
 `` i did n't get anything , except this bag and a couple bottles of whiskey . 
 i picked up a shirt we can cut and stuff into them . '' 
 when he stopped talking , i looked at him . 
 his face widened into his evil grin . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` molotov cocktails . 
 that is , if i do n't drink them first . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 thompson was the only one i had seen with a bag . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i thought we needed something more to carry the food . '' 
 `` why is it so bloody ? '' 
 `` i pulled it from under a rotting zombie . '' 
 i thought he said the last part for my benefit . 
 i was the only one eating . 
 i tried to think happy thoughts , like gutting him with one of my knives . 
 i could draw a smiley face around his belly button . 
 i dismissed the thought , focusing on the good . 
 he did a good thing . 
 i guess i can give him an ounce of credit , as long as he does n't grin . 
 it would n't happen too many times , but i had misjudged him , he could be a team player . 
 `` do n't let him fool you , '' said charley . 
 he grinned . 
 `` we found batons . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 jerk ! 
 i did n't misjudge him . 
 charley turned his attention to brittany . 
 `` i thought maybe we might eat these on the way , '' said brittany . 
 `` i heard that , '' said charley . 
 he reached into the cart and popped open a can of the sausages . 
 i offered him some of my crackers . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 the others picked a can from the cart and i packed the leftovers in thompson 's duffel bag . 
 we started on our journey , weighted down with our haul . 
 if not for jones going toward the overturned army truck , i would n't have given it another thought . 
 `` i saw that truck earlier . 
 it may have weapons we can use . '' 
 jones debated . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` let 's take a chance , '' said brittany . 
 `` all right , people , let 's be careful . '' 
 jones led the way , we followed . 
 i took my rear position and looked everywhere . 
 no zombies appeared in the parking lot . 
 we had to zigzag around wrecked cars , glancing inside them as we went . 
 i feverishly searched for the walking dead . 
 it took the longest time to do the simplest things . 
 zombies could jump out at you from anywhere . 
 even though the distance between the parking lot and overturned truck was short , it took forever to get there . 
 we moved slowly because of our bags , but made steady progress toward our goal . 
 charley broke off . 
 it took a couple of minutes , for me to notice him missing . 
 i looked around for him , it would be better for me to find him than to make a commotion . 
 after all , i was watching our six and he disappeared right in front of me . 
 i dropped back a little and looking to my left , i found him . 
 charley sat inside an abandoned car with no front windshield . 
 i was lucky to catch a glimpse of him , his head bobbed up for a split second , then was gone again . 
 i looked up at the others continuing to walk to the truck before sprinting to charley . 
 `` hey , what is going on ? '' 
 `` i can get this to run . '' 
 i looked at him , bent over the car , working on some wires . 
 i looked around and then back at him , he had a piece of wire between his teeth , stripping the plastic cover off it . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he gave me a confused look . 
 `` the battery is still good . 
 if i can -- '' he touched two of the wires and the inside dash lit up . 
 i ca n't tell whose grin was bigger , his or mine . 
 `` this might be our lucky day . '' 
 i looked at the dash and found the gas gauge , it read half a tank . 
 i did n't know how far we had to go , but this was a small four cylinder and it could surely take us a hundred miles or more . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 if you can get this to work . 
 we can be at the camp in a heartbeat . '' 
 `` my thoughts exactly . '' 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 confusion spread across his face . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i guessed the thickest red wire was hot and i touched it to ground and it sparked . 
 that let me know the battery had juice . 
 with what i can remember , i think it is best to avoid black , brown , and gray wires . 
 i 'm going to touch the others one by one and see what happens , but first , i have to raise the hood and disconnect the horn . '' 
 `` why ? 
 ca n't you do everything from down there ? '' 
 `` the last thing i need is to activate the horn and send a thousand zombies down on us . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` well , good luck . 
 i will catch up to the others and let them know . 
 if you get it going , you know where we 'll be . '' 
 i have no idea why i whispered . 
 it may have been to hide my anxiety . 
 charley smiled up at me and then he was back down low , under the dash . 
 i zigzagged through the mess and caught my people as they made it to the truck . 
 i crept up , `` anything good ? '' 
 jones looked at me as if he wanted to kill me . 
 i guess i was supposed to really guard our six . 
 i 'm sure he thought i slipped back into my old habits , only they took a new form . 
 `` check the cab , baker . 
 we got this . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i was wrong , i ca n't deny it . 
 i was n't going to waste time arguing . 
 i went around the front to search the cab for something useful . 
 i was n't choosy , anything would do : a map , a compass from the glove compartment , a nine millimeter , or a good-sized stick . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 i knew it could n't last . 
 zombies saw us and came in mass numbers . 
 at first they moved slowly as if they had all the time in the world , a pack of them . 
 when i took a step backward to run , that 's when one on the end howled and they all came at us , howling and running . 
 `` jones ! 
 jones ! '' 
 i screamed , racing to the back . 
 `` brittany ! '' 
 they must have heard them . 
 when i got to them , none of them searched the wreckage like before , all watched the approaching zombies . 
 `` run ! '' 
 jones shouted and we did . 
 we ran back the way we came . 
 though we clutched our prized possessions , we or at least i , was ready to drop them and run even faster . 
 beep , beep , beep . 
 a horn blasted . 
 we ran in its direction , charley barreled down the road . 
 he screeched to a halt and we jumped in . 
 charley hit the gas , not to mention many of the cars , as he peeled out of the lot . 
 for pure pleasure , i looked from the back seat at the chasing zombies . 
 they howled and kept running , but they would never catch us . 
 charley navigated the maze of streets and got us away . 
 we gave him high praise and he ate it up , with a grin to end all grins . 
 chapter eleven charley barreled down the road at a healthy speed . 
 i sat swished in the back , between jones and brittany . 
 `` everyone okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , we 're fine . '' 
 charley looked through the rearview mirror to verify what i had said . 
 his eyes went from brittany to me to jones . 
 his forehead wrinkled , giving me pause . 
 i wondered if something might be wrong that we did n't know about , perhaps something with the car . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i saw him looking directly at me . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure . 
 how about you , you okay ? '' 
 `` better than you , '' his eyes went to jones . 
 `` how far is it ? '' 
 jones leaned forward to look out the absent windshield . 
 it looked strange , to be in a moving car with no windshield . 
 somehow we were lucky and there were no small pieces of glass to fly at us . 
 all looked normal except for the windshield wipers that stood straight up , impairing the view . 
 twice charley knocked them out of his way and they came back . 
 jones did n't consult his map . 
 he looked out the window and read a road sign . 
 `` about forty-two miles straight ahead . 
 do we have enough gas to get there ? '' 
 `` she 'll get us there with plenty to spare . '' 
 charley talked about his love with pride . 
 i only hoped he was right . 
 jones sat back and closed his eyes . 
 the rushing wind felt good . 
 i followed his lead and leaned back . 
 we were nearly there and for the most part in great shape . 
 the ones we lost flashed across my mind and i allowed it . 
 it was n't sad like i thought it would be , it was joyous . 
 i can see all of them clapping for us because we made it . 
 who would n't want someone else to make it if they could n't ? 
 i closed my eyes tighter and listened to the wind and the car . 
 sometime later , i fell asleep . 
 movement jolted me awake . 
 my body flew forward into the headrest of the seat in front of me . 
 the sudden jarring sent me into a tailspin . 
 i had no idea where i was other than in the car . 
 i could n't tell up from down and was in the most unusual position i had ever been in . 
 the chaotic voices around me came roaring into my head and made no sense at all . 
 i put my hands to my head and did my best to drown out the noise and focus . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 brittany was saying . 
 `` i do n't know ? '' 
 jones replied . 
 `` i hope to hell he is , '' shouted charley . 
 his voice had a quality i could n't place . 
 `` did you see that bastard 's eyes ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i managed , struggling to right myself . 
 `` i ca n't believe it , '' said brittany . 
 `` i 've never seen them like that before . 
 what do you suppose made it happen ? '' 
 `` did he leave your sight in the store ? '' 
 jones demanded . 
 `` either of you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i tried focusing again . 
 the cobwebs were clearing and i was seeing better now . 
 we were all in the car . 
 i sat up , i was on jones , and he was bracing me . 
 brittany 's face looked horror stricken and charley was up front . 
 thompson was missing . 
 i straightened to look over his seat and he was not on the floor or hiding . 
 thompson was not in the car with us . 
 that is when the full picture came into view . 
 brittany was trying to open her door while talking but could n't . 
 she pounded , pushed , and lifted but the door would n't open . 
 in the front , i saw where we were , or more precisely , where we were n't -- the road was gone . 
 we were off the road and directly in front of us , through the missing windshield , i saw steam rising from our smashed hood . 
 the next thing i saw was a piece of bark hanging off a giant tree that we had somehow wrapped ourselves around . 
 charley turned to me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` are you okay ? 
 can you even hear me ? '' 
 charley waved his hand in front of my face as if i were a blind person . 
 `` i hear you , '' that much was true . 
 now that my hearing was back , i heard them all , i just had no clue what was happening and no one was explaining it to my satisfaction . 
 `` what the fuck happened ? '' 
 `` your buddy , thompson , '' said charley , `` he 's a fucking zombie . 
 the motherfucker tried biting me . 
 i lost control of the car and we crashed . '' 
 `` charley ? '' 
 brittany shouted . 
 `` i saw you clear as day . '' 
 charley put his head down . 
 whenever simon got in trouble , that was always his first response . 
 in the beginning it was shame , but as he got older i came to realize it was a secret weapon and he was working me . 
 charley lifted his head and looked back at me . 
 `` sorry . 
 i kind of steered us into the tree , hoping to take him out . 
 i did n't have time for anything else . '' 
 before i could respond to this new information , jones leaned into me and then kicked our door open . 
 we got out of the car and waited for charley to hop over the seat and join us . 
 that gave me time to gather my wits and look around . 
 we were in a field or maybe it was part of a park system . 
 our wrecked car lay a thousand feet away from the road . 
 i walked to the front to have a better look at the damage , the front left wheel lay flat on the ground . 
 it was n't alone , part of the car and i ca n't say which parts were lying with it , clearly snapped off at a jagged edge . 
 `` my god , will somebody please explain this and make it make sense . '' 
 charley pointed in the distance . 
 i looked and saw a crumpled body . 
 it was thompson . 
 i looked at charley for verification , he nodded his head . 
 `` that 's him . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` you and jones were asleep . '' 
 he looked at brittany , wanting to include her in the number . 
 her look said she would call him out if he tried . 
 `` we were going along all right and then thompson turned and looked at me . 
 well , first i saw his hand was twitching . 
 i thought maybe he was having a nightmare or he was reliving what we went through . 
 then he looked at me and his eyes , they were red . 
 `` he reached for me and i hit him in the head . 
 i lost control and the car went off the road . 
 i do n't know what he was doing . 
 he was grabbing at the steering wheel . 
 we came in this direction and i saw the tree . 
 i thought if i hit it , he would fly into it and the impact would kill him . 
 it was the only weapon i had . 
 `` i hit the tree and he flew out of the car and landed there . 
 that 's it , the whole story . '' 
 he wiped his hands on his jeans . 
 i began walking to thompson . 
 `` zee ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 `` i want to see for myself . '' 
 jones shouted , `` what ? '' 
 `` i need to see for myself . '' 
 i continued walking . 
 i never liked thompson and if he were a zombie , good riddance . 
 still , i hated losing anyone to them . 
 there were so few of us , he was one of our original members . 
 the others followed in silence . 
 i guess they figured trying to talk me out of it was a waste of time , it was . 
 i had to see him for myself . 
 i have questions that i want answers to and this man held those answers . 
 when i reached him , he was lying face down . 
 my hand slightly shook as i reached for him and gently touched him , he felt human . 
 i gently turned him over and looked into his face . 
 there were scars and gashes and bright-red blood was gently flowing from his wounds . 
 i convinced myself charley dreamed it all . 
 thompson 's blood was red , not greenish-black . 
 if not for the blood , he might be sleeping . 
 brittany came around the other side and knelt behind me . 
 i wondered if she was thinking as i was . 
 i turned to her warm smile , moral support . 
 it gave me the courage i needed to open his eyes for the proof i needed . 
 i faced the man , reached toward his eyes , and them sensing me , opened on their own . 
 thompson 's eyes locked on mine and neither of us moved . 
 his eyes transfixed me and i could n't break the stare . 
 i tried , oh god how i tried , it was n't happening and never would . 
 his eyes held me and i became his servant . 
 if he had asked it , i have no doubt i would have done it . 
 i knew it was n't right and something was horribly wrong . 
 i tried again and the same result occurred . 
 giving up on escaping , i tried something new , i moved my eyes from the blackness of his eyes to look at the white portion and see if it was red like charley thought . 
 when i did , i saw only white . 
 charley was wrong . 
 i could n't stand this man , and if i could choose one of our number to fall , it would be him . 
 he was human . 
 `` zee ? '' 
 brittany pushed me . 
 it did the trick , i was back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you did n't hear me talking to you just now ? '' 
 brittany 's face was a puddle of worry . 
 `` i thought i might have to slap you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 of course , i was . 
 thompson was okay . 
 if he were a zombie , he would have eaten me by now . 
 i stood and faced jones and charley . 
 `` you were wrong ; he is as human as we are . '' 
 `` bullshit ! '' 
 charley went around me and looked for himself . 
 `` i saw them , damn it , i saw them . 
 this fucker had red eyes . 
 why else would i crash the car ? '' 
 `` you tell me , '' thompson 's reply was low . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 brittany said . 
 she ran for the car and jumped into the back seat . 
 jones was behind her and then charley . 
 my reactions were slow . 
 it took time before i saw what they saw . 
 i rubbed my head out of curiosity and there was a lump there . 
 that explains it . 
 they grabbed our bags . 
 zombies were coming from the road toward us in large numbers . 
 i scanned the trees and saw a house and a pond . 
 i sprang into action . 
 i got behind thompson and lifted him . 
 throwing his arm over my shoulders , i propped him up and we moved toward the house . 
 the others caught up and ran past us to the house . 
 somehow i was in this alone . 
 thompson was fine , i knew it . 
 the others took charley 's side . 
 they were all wrong and would regret it . 
 i hobbled along as fast as i could . 
 it quickly became crystal clear that we were n't going to make it to the house . 
 these zombies were fast . 
 there were a lot of them and the ones in the front were like athletes running a race and we were the prize . 
 `` go to the back , '' shouted jones . 
 i headed that way , but it was only me , the others stayed . 
 jones opened his bag and with weapons at the ready , they stood their ground . 
 i kept going with thompson . 
 we could make it to the back of the house . 
 i stole one last look at my team battling the zombies . 
 so good so far , they were all on their feet . 
 we made it to the rear of the house when thompson fell . 
 i dragged him toward the back door . 
 when i got to it , the door burst open and a zombie came out . 
 while thompson lay on the ground , i had no choice but to fight . 
 the zombie was one of the slower moving ones , making me feel better . 
 i kicked it back into the door and it fell backward . 
 the zombie came at me again and with a swift kick , it was on the ground . 
 my boot went through its soft head to finish it . 
 withdrawing my boot from its skull was more than gross . 
 the greenish slime covered my boot and made it fill heavier . 
 i began shaking it off when a new zombie came at me from the doorway . 
 clearly , zombies occupied the house . 
 i launched into the zombie with my bare fists . 
 i was angry and treated it like a human and smacked it several times . 
 it kept coming so i went for the kill . 
 i knocked it down and struck it squarely in its head with my slime covered boot . 
 i was n't waiting around for another zombie . 
 no way could we stay there . 
 i looked for a new house and to my right was the pond . 
 out in the center was a floating deck . 
 it was perfect , so long as the water was deep . 
 instead of going into the house , i went behind thompson , lifted him up , and headed for the deck . 
 when i came out farther , i saw my team and they were battling several zombies . 
 i was grateful none had fallen . 
 with renewed strength , a dragged thompson to the edge of the pond and gently laid him in the water . 
 i put my arm around him and gently floated him on his back out to the floating deck . 
 once there , i lifted him up onto the deck and then left . 
 i wanted to check the pond 's depth . 
 three feet from the deck i stopped and went vertical , trying to touch the bottom with my feet . 
 i was nearly six feet and my feet did n't hit anything . 
 thank god . 
 i swam back and hopped on the deck . 
 i was a soldier first , and being at war , i searched my surroundings for weapons . 
 the deck was clear except for a small tackle box . 
 inside the box i found hooks , strings , and the like , nothing useful . 
 i sat down to collect my thoughts and form a plan . 
 my team was fighting without me . 
 thompson was safe and rather tame . 
 i stood up to go back to help . 
 i saw them coming as i readied to dive into the water . 
 `` brittany ! 
 jones ! 
 charley ! 
 over here ! 
 do n't go into the house , come over here ! '' 
 they heard me and were coming . 
 from where i was standing , i could see they looked a mess . 
 zombie brains , slime , and blood covered them . 
 one by one they dived into the water and swam to me with their bags in tow . 
 i was n't worried about my team , we trained together . 
 i worried about the new guy , we knew little about him and had no idea if he could swim or not . 
 relief swept over me when he dived into the man-made pond without hesitation and swam to us . 
 i helped each of them up onto the ladder and our platform . 
 `` did you get them all ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' said jones . 
 `` but more are coming . 
 there must be as many as were at the store . '' 
 brittany was huffing and puffing as she sat , then lay on the deck . 
 `` maybe they 're the same ones . '' 
 `` you okay , charley ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm okay . 
 we lost a bag in the fight . 
 maybe if they keep going we will have a chance to get it back . '' 
 `` we can use it , '' said jones . 
 `` we seem to have enough . '' 
 i looked around at all the bags we had , there was plenty of food . 
 `` i would like to take as much as we can back to the camp . '' 
 jones said . 
 `` we have no idea what shape they are in and no matter what , i think what we have will be delicacies compared to what they have . '' 
 `` i thought they were self-sufficient , i mean was n't that the point of setting these places up and moving people into them in the first place ? '' 
 `` you know that , zee . 
 i mean they have gardens , but who knows what they are able to grow and in what quantity ? 
 those crackers you were eating this morning would be a luxury . 
 if we can get stuff like that back to the camp , it could lift a lot of spirits . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 no wonder jones was our leader ; he saw the big picture clearer than i ever would . 
 i was about to praise him when we heard their roar and saw them coming . 
 zombies were coming at us like an army charging over a hill into a valley . 
 i saw the ones up front , the fast and most deadly of the group . 
 behind them , most of the zombies fanned out . 
 in the rear , the slow zombies lumbered forward . 
 parts of them were missing and they howled . 
 there was no time to panic . 
 we were surrounded and every one of our group was in fight position , except for thompson , who lie motionless on the floating deck . 
 chapter twelve everyone prepared to do battle when they showed up . 
 the first of the zombies were screaming and running toward us . 
 i braced for battle , standing on the floating deck in a come-and-get-me pose . 
 i clenched my fists and my boots were ready . 
 we separated taking different positions on the deck to defend all entry areas . 
 my job was our right flank . 
 i stood at the edge of the deck in the middle prepared to do battle on both sides of the platform . 
 the first zombies entered the water . 
 they walked into the water and kept walking toward us until their heads went under the water . 
 they then disappeared beneath its murky depths , only to rise at a weird angle , unable to control their bodies . 
 they floated on the surface , howling and thrashing , trying to reach us . 
 unable to move forward , they sort of stopped and moaned lightly . 
 the moaning stopped the others . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' said brittany . 
 `` me either , '' said jones . 
 `` stay alert , people . 
 whatever is going on , it wo n't last long . 
 be ready for anything . '' 
 charley came to my side . 
 `` have you ever seen that before ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i lied . 
 i should have told them about the store zombie incident . 
 it nagged me . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 charley ran a hand through his hair , looking out at the water . 
 `` no , this is a first . 
 i wonder what it means . '' 
 i thought of thompson . 
 he was in the center of the deck , lying on his back . 
 being a scientist , he would know . 
 i ran to him and knelt beside him . 
 he was out . 
 i shook him and he looked at me . 
 `` thompson , thompson , the zombies have us surrounded , what can we do ? '' 
 he could n't see them from his position , but like us , he heard them . 
 he lifted his head and turned to see them . 
 `` do n't go into the water . 
 if it is deep enough they ca n't get to you . '' 
 `` it 's more than six feet . '' 
 `` that 's deep enough . 
 stay here and wait them out . 
 they will move on to fresh game . '' 
 his voice was low and weak ; i strained to hear every word . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` until some poor soul comes along . '' 
 normally he would be wearing his familiar smirk at this point , perhaps flying from a moving car tempered him . 
 `` anything else we can do while we wait ? '' 
 `` no . 
 wait them out . '' 
 he lowered his head and drifted off . 
 i got up and huddled with the others . 
 `` he says to wait them out , they will eventually leave . '' 
 jones scowled . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 `` what do you expect from a zombie ? '' 
 charley 's words were as venomous as his expression . 
 the new look did n't suit him . 
 `` he 's normal . 
 zombies ca n't talk and his eyes are normal . '' 
 `` i know what i saw ! '' 
 charley 's face flushed with anger . 
 he pointed to brittany , `` she saw it , too . '' 
 `` britt ? '' 
 `` look , zee , '' brittany sighed , `` charley may be right . 
 why is he out anyway ? '' 
 i fumed . 
 `` he flew through the windshield of a moving car . 
 who would n't be out of it ? '' 
 my words shocked both myself and my leader . 
 i caught him staring at me in disbelief . 
 i can only assume it was my defense of thompson that made him react that way . 
 `` maybe because he is slowly turning into a zombie . '' 
 charley said to me . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` because i saw him with my own eyes . 
 maybe he ca n't get up because he 's in the middle of changing . '' 
 charley stepped toward thompson and i jumped between him and his target . 
 `` i wish you would . '' 
 charley had what looked like a policeman 's baton in his left hand , covered with zombie brain and blood that dripped onto the deck . 
 `` move ! '' 
 `` jones . 
 i could you some help here . '' 
 jones stood next to me , facing charley . 
 i looked at brittany . 
 she disappointed me when she did n't join us . 
 i felt betrayed by her , so much for our blood bond . 
 `` i 'm sorry , zee . 
 i 'm not sure , '' brittany said . 
 i did n't look at her after that , i could n't stand her betrayal . 
 i focused on charley . 
 we could n't have a moment 's peace . 
 if the zombies could n't get to us , he had to be the hero and step up and ruin my day . 
 i stood my ground , jones and i. `` move ! '' 
 charley held up his baton . 
 `` you intend to hit me with that ? '' 
 `` i will do whatever i have to do to survive . '' 
 `` i 'm not moving , so you are going to have to go through me . '' 
 `` me , too , '' said jones . 
 i felt proud of jones though i did n't deserve it . 
 i was the one who had challenged his authority and took liberties worthy of a prison stay . 
 through it all , he was on my side and like charley ; he had a bloody baton in his hand and would no doubt use it on a fellow human being . 
 i had no weapon to speak of . 
 my fists and my boots could take out a zombie , but against a human , what good would they be . 
 i thought of my knives , locked away in my pack . 
 then i remembered i had a knife in my back pocket , if it were still there . 
 i checked and it was . 
 i pulled it out . 
 jones and i eyed charley with an intensity that would alarm any foe . 
 charley responded with an icy glare of his own . 
 he had his weapon , jones had his , and i prepared to stab , hit , kick , scratch , and bite , if necessary . 
 brittany , sensing our mood , stepped between us . 
 it was n't a step , we were too close together for that . 
 it was more of a tight squeeze . 
 a squeeze so tight , she rubbed against all three of us . 
 `` stop it . 
 they are the enemy . '' 
 brittany pushed charley back and pointed to the howling zombies waiting to devour us as soon as we came to them . 
 `` this is ridiculous and it will stop this instant . 
 i do n't know his condition and neither do any of you . 
 for the time being , we are going to sit down and rest . 
 we will have a bite to eat to stay strong and plan our strategy . 
 if thompson is a zombie , we will find out and take care of him . 
 that is a promise from all of us . '' 
 brittany turned to jones and me for confirmation . 
 we nodded . 
 `` i 'll watch him . 
 if he turns i will take care of him myself . '' 
 charley nodded and cautiously sat down . 
 he sat more to the end than to the center , keeping his sight on both the zombies waiting on us and the potential zombie he knew thompson to be . 
 i cautiously sat down next to thompson and met charley 's gaze . 
 thompson had information we needed . 
 this is what i told myself . 
 i was not protecting the man , i was protecting the information . 
 brittany sat down by jones . 
 i was glad she did , i was n't sure if i wanted her next to me . 
 she opened her pack and handed a towel to jones . 
 after whispering something in his ear , jones got up and came to me . 
 he tore the towel in half and gave me a piece of it . 
 `` i 'll watch him , go clean up . '' 
 `` is that an order ? '' 
 `` you better believe it . '' 
 `` do n't trust , charley . 
 he is n't one of us . '' 
 `` i do n't trust anyone , not even you . '' 
 the gook on his face half covered his mischievous grin . 
 for once , i did n't laugh or argue . 
 i shot another glance at charley and then i got up . 
 i waited for jones to take my spot and then i reached into my bag for my soap . 
 at the edge of the deck , away from the ever howling zombies , i knelt down . 
 those few zombies who entered the water had somehow gotten to land and stood , drenched and howling with the others . 
 i leaned over and washed my hands . 
 for the briefest of moments , i imagined a zombie beneath me , reaching up to grab me and pull me beneath the murky water . 
 i really hate all the scary movies i watched . 
 they were n't doing me any favors . 
 i carefully washed my hands with the soap and got all traces of zombie off them . 
 i dried my hands on the towel , then dipped it into the water . 
 making lather with my soap , i washed my face and then rinsed it . 
 if i were talking to brittany , i would have suggested we go into the water together . 
 we could have undressed , i 'm sure the boys would have been well-mannered and turned their heads while we washed and changed . 
 i could use new clothes . 
 i looked at the drying blood on my clothes ; my earlier swim washed a lot of the blood off them . 
 i decided the rest would n't be a problem and i would wait until we made it to camp brandt . 
 i could wait that long , it would only be until tonight or tomorrow at the latest . 
 so , i washed my face and hands and called it a day . 
 before getting up , i took off my boots and washed them . 
 the water that flowed out of them shocked me . 
 the whole time on the floating deck , i never imagined i had water in my boots . 
 i did n't feel the water or hear it sloshing around . 
 my last task was to wash my towel and let it dry before putting it away . 
 odds are we were going to be here awhile , so it would have time to dry . 
 i finished and went back to relieve jones . 
 i shot a glance at brittany and did n't feel one ounce better about her betrayal . 
 she needed to suffer and learn her lesson . 
 you do n't betray friends . 
 we are family and she has no clue who this guy is . 
 `` i 'm back . 
 go ahead and get cleaned up . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 jones rose and went to brittany . 
 i sat down with my back to both and resumed my hostile gaze at charley . 
 i wished he would try something . 
 my knife was beside me and he was closer than the zombies . 
 i heard a splash behind me and figured it was brittany jumping into the water . 
 i would have turned to see , but i did n't want to take my eye off charley or give her the satisfaction . 
 she was braver than me and not as modest either . 
 brittany was something special , she most likely took off all her clothes and jumped in butt naked . 
 it might have been for shock value , but i would n't turn to validate it . 
 i was winning my battle with charley -- his head lowered , he fiddled with his fingers . 
 thompson opened his eyes , giving me hope . 
 `` thompson ? '' 
 `` missing me ? '' 
 his wry smile was back , along with his voice . 
 the others were busy so if we were quiet , we could carry on a conversation . 
 i knew he had information and if i were going to protect him , he was going to give me something for my trouble . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 thompson changed from adversary to gloating asshole in seconds . 
 `` what 's in it for me , zee zee ? '' 
 `` do n't call me that ? '' 
 i said it so fast there was no stopping it . 
 i needed a new tactic and thought of the accident . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 thompson laughed softly . 
 he knew what i was doing . 
 `` it 's not my biggest problem right now , zee -- '' in a flash , my knife was in my hand and in his face , an inch from his nose . 
 his eyes turned inward to see the tip . 
 no more words escaped his lips . 
 i smiled , put the knife away , and winked . 
 he knew i meant business , my point was made , though i felt bad about the move . 
 life lessons and training , each hardened me . 
 i had no time for his games . 
 i decided to lay my cards on the table and pray for mercy . 
 `` we are surrounded and you are the only one who can help us . 
 help me , please . '' 
 if i had n't seen it with my own eyes , i never would have believed it . 
 thompson looked remorseful . 
 he turned his head to the side and looked at the zombies surrounding us and then he turned back to me . 
 `` there is still a chance that you will make it out of here alive . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` do you know sign language ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` my mother was deaf . 
 we developed our own language . '' 
 he held up his right hand . 
 i did n't see the point , but indulged him . 
 he bent his thumb down , holding up four fingers on his right hand . 
 `` this means mercy or please , as in ` please help me or show me mercy . ' 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` make the sign for me . '' 
 `` help us survive , thompson . 
 you owe us that , damn it . '' 
 `` make the sign . '' 
 `` fine ! '' 
 i made the sign . 
 `` good , very good . 
 that will come in handy real soon . 
 as for your dilemma , the zombies are dying . 
 it is happening at a slower rate than expected . 
 they will eventually die out , but not before killing every man , woman , and child they can get their hands on . 
 `` i 'm glad you found the water , it is a good deterrent , either fresh or saltwater will help you . 
 they decay faster in the water , especially saltwater and you obviously know they ca n't swim , so keep track of water areas . 
 never go in water that you can stand in , it has to be deep . 
 `` the stronger zombies are right here in the country and isolated areas , because they infect people slower . 
 in the cities , infection is rampant and everyone left is converted by now . 
 that 's good for you . 
 those zombies will be older and slower with weak skulls . 
 with them , you only have to punch them in the head and destroy them . 
 the danger is the new zombies ; their scratch is deadliest . 
 you can tell them by their eyes . 
 at first turning , there is a light-red ring at the outer edge of the eye . 
 overtime it travels inward to the center and the whole eye turns red . 
 the new ones are strong and have some intelligence . 
 for a time , they speak and direct the others . 
 they are fast and take longer to take down . 
 they are the ones that require several whacks to defeat . 
 `` but not for you , my angel . 
 i will help you out and tell you a secret . 
 hit them in the back of the head , about an inch from the center , it 's the softest point . '' 
 `` you could have told us that before . '' 
 `` you would n't have brought me with you if i did . '' 
 `` yes , we would have , we do n't leave our people behind . '' 
 `` is that right , zee zee ? '' 
 `` do n't call me that . '' 
 i reached for my knife again . 
 `` i 'm only teasing . 
 i like you , i thought you knew that . '' 
 `` i think i 'm a little too old for you . '' 
 `` you are so stupid . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it was always you , zora . 
 i went to the bedroom to steal a look at you . 
 i wanted to watch you sleep . 
 you looked so beautiful . '' 
 i wanted to say something , but with his confession , i felt like the biggest jerk in the world . 
 this man sat and told me his secrets and i could n't find the words , i could n't say anything . 
 `` brittany is undeniably beautiful , but you , you outshine her by a mile . 
 if i had to pick one of you to save and one to leave behind , i would save you . '' 
 `` stop . '' 
 i could n't take much more of his honesty . 
 `` is there anything more you can tell me about them ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` do n't get bit . 
 it 's a killer . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 my blushing hit me hard . 
 i laughed to play it down . 
 `` live , zee z -- '' i pointed at him and gave him a do n't - you-dare look . 
 `` could you tell an old man the problem ? '' 
 i looked at him , debating whether to bare my soul . 
 i thought it would n't matter , he would be dead soon . 
 `` zz stands for zombie zora . 
 i hate it . 
 some of the guys in my squad think it 's funny , i do n't . '' 
 his eyes told me he wanted to speak , but he remained silent . 
 `` i have a problem that causes me to freeze for a few seconds . 
 it 's a hesitation i ca n't control . 
 they think i become a glazed-out zombie and tease me . 
 i do n't think it 's funny , not one bit . '' 
 `` i 'll be the first to apologize to you . 
 you are the bravest soldier i have ever met . 
 do me one favor , promise me you will live . '' 
 with saddened eyes , he looked at me and the look touched me to my core . 
 i ca n't explain it other than to say we connected . 
 `` i remember watching a tv program and this guy said , ` live every day as though it was your last , someday you 'll be right . ' 
 zora , these are our last days and before you die , i want you to live and experience what is around you . 
 there is still beauty and passion . 
 i see it when i look at you . 
 i hope you can forgive an old man a foolish fantasy . 
 i wanted to touch your soft skin while you slept . 
 run my hand through your hair . 
 one last touch before i die . '' 
 with that , he closed his eyes again . 
 i felt bad for every bad thought i had about this man . 
 and with god as my witness , if he had n't fallen asleep , i would have granted him his wish . 
 chapter thirteen thoughts of my conversation with thompson played continuously in my head . 
 how could i have been so wrong about him ? 
 should i tell the others what he told me ? 
 they needed to know our situation . 
 i told myself to relax and think of good things , my usual method of calming . 
 it failed me this time and no matter what i did , i thought of thompson and his words to me . 
 when he was stronger , i would tell them and shame them all . 
 i got up to walk around , pacing helped me focus . 
 jones and brittany were sleeping and thompson was still out . 
 i did n't care to check on charley , he was a monster . 
 it was late in the evening when our break came . 
 my heart fluttered when i scanned the area and saw our break . 
 it was not the break i wanted and i wished i were not a witness to the carnage that would follow . 
 the sun was nearly down , its orange aurora low in the sky . 
 i could n't see the distant road we needed to travel ; houses blocked my view . 
 however , i could see the nearby street and people , humans . 
 they were running down the street as fast as they could . 
 running away from us . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i stood so i could shout again and charley tackled me . 
 he put his hand over my mouth and pressed down hard . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 i struggled and managed to pull his hand away from my mouth . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` you ca n't bring them here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your buddy , '' charley was livid . 
 his face twisted into one of loathing . 
 he jabbed his finger next to me at thompson . 
 `` your zombie friend was right about that . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` let them do their job . 
 you call them this way and they will bring more zombies with them . 
 we are trying to get rid of them , not attract them . '' 
 `` we can help them . '' 
 i snarled and twisted , trying to get to my feet . 
 `` let them go . 
 with any luck , they will run far away and make it . 
 but if they do n't , at least they will take every zombie with them and we can get the hell out of here . '' 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 i could n't believe he would be willing to sacrifice helpless people . 
 this is the same man who had been so nice in the past . 
 how could he have changed so quickly ? 
 `` zee , '' brittany 's sad eyes came beside me . 
 `` he 's right and so is thompson . 
 they are no different from any group of people . 
 i 'm sure there have been people who have seen us , but did n't help . 
 we were taking zombies away from them so they could survive . 
 they are doing the same for us . '' 
 `` it 's not the same thing and you know it . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i 'm surviving , zee , and so are they . 
 we are alive . 
 maybe at the end of the day , they will be alive , too . '' 
 `` that is bullshit and you know it . '' 
 `` people probably thought that about us and we are still here , zee . '' 
 charley released me and i stood , defeated . 
 i watched as six people ran down the street . 
 it saddened me when one fell . 
 i was hoping one of the others would go back and help her , but they did n't . 
 they continued and i know they heard her screams . 
 zombies launched themselves down at the woman and though they were barely audible , i placed my hands over my ears to block out the screams . 
 we watched a pack of zombies eat the woman . 
 i was thankful when she finally went silent and succumbed to her fate . 
 many of the zombies continued to chase the others . 
 those left , tore the dead woman in pieces . 
 there was no way she was going to turn into one of them ; there would n't be enough of her left for the transformation . 
 zombies came in and bit off a piece , one after the other . 
 a leg came off and several munched on it together . 
 some sat down to feast on their findings like it was lunchtime at a day at the park . 
 when they finally finished , they had forgotten all about us , trapped on a floating deck only a few feet from their grasp . 
 they left , taking the same route the other zombies took . 
 a few of them went into various houses in search of food , but most scattered . 
 by now , thompson was up and looking . 
 if he could help us , now was the time . 
 `` baker , over here . '' 
 jones called me . 
 i walked over to him . 
 he and brittany were lining up bottles . 
 charley was ripping up a shirt . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` give me a hand . '' 
 i knelt next to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's time to get the hell out of here . 
 we are going to make molotov cocktails and throw them at some of the houses . 
 with any luck , we will get the zombies inside . 
 while the others are confused by the fire , we will make our escape . 
 you ready ? '' 
 jones handed me a couple of bottles . 
 i was n't exactly sure how to make the cocktails . 
 it could n't be that hard . 
 i took the tops off two bottles and copied jones ' moves . 
 i stuffed a rag in each , leaving enough room to light the fuse . 
 in all , we made six . 
 we had more bottles , but on second thought , jones thought six would be enough . 
 looking at me , jones said , `` your job is to get thompson . 
 dushell , charley , and i will light and throw the bottles . 
 you need to be at edge of the water ready to go . '' 
 i wanted to throw the cocktails , it would be thrilling . 
 i loved setting fires and this one , would be setting an entire house on fire . 
 i would control where it started and when , what a thrill it would be . 
 i would also get the added pleasure of watching burning , screaming zombies . 
 you could n't beat the thrill of it . 
 i wanted to argue with the plan . 
 i had a better one . 
 jones and i got along and i did n't want to risk that , so i nodded my head , agreeing with his plan . 
 jones helped me ease thompson to the edge of the deck . 
 thompson had done an excellent job of floating on his back and surely he would be able to do it again . 
 like me , he agreed to the plan and put up no fight . 
 i put my pack around me and eased us both into the water . 
 we held onto the edge of the deck and waited for the others . 
 thompson 's eyes were kind . 
 i could see them pleading with me to live these last days with gusto . 
 i would , just as soon as i made it to camp brandt and saw my brother . 
 he and i would live . 
 then , i would dance . 
 being on the opposite side , we were able to see the others as they went and i so much wanted to be with my team . 
 i focused on jones . 
 i have no idea why i resisted looking at the others . 
 well . 
 that is not exactly true , i knew why . 
 for brittany , i was being petty and needed to cut it out . 
 charley was a different matter altogether . 
 i tried remembering his last name and could n't , i did n't even know that about our new ally . 
 oh well , it 's not important . 
 jones held his bottles high , between his teeth , he carried matches . 
 he had floated on his back , lightly kicking with the bottles in the air . 
 when he felt he was safe enough , he lowered his feet to stand , keeping the wicks dry . 
 i could do that maneuver if i had the chance , i know i could . 
 i watched jones creep to the back of a blue house . 
 he opened the back door , lit his wick , and threw in his bottle . 
 the house flamed up and burning zombies came out screaming . 
 they dropped to the ground and burned . 
 the others chose similar targets . 
 at that point , i took off with thompson in tow . 
 i swam us to the end and pulled him out of the water . 
 jones ran back with the others to get their packs . 
 thompson was weak and managed to help as best he could . 
 i felt his arm squeeze around me playfully as we walked out onto dry land to get ready for our next run . 
 i gave him words of encouragement and he leaned on me as we readied to leave . 
 it was the accident , i knew it . 
 who would n't have trouble after a high-speed toss ? 
 it was a miracle he was with us . 
 with a second wind , we headed for the trees and away from the burning houses , arm in arm . 
 `` baker ! 
 baker ! '' 
 i stopped and turned around . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 jones was on the ground and brittany was with him . 
 what was going on ? 
 had he been attacked ? 
 how ? 
 jones stood and there was nothing wrong with him . 
 brittany lit the fuse to the bottle he carried and he ran in my direction . 
 `` get down ! 
 get down ! '' 
 i looked in front of me . 
 i heard their screams before my head had whipped around to see what the problem was . 
 zombies . 
 they were coming from the other direction , our escape route . 
 i went low , pulling thompson down with me . 
 thompson did n't lie , he was living life to its fullest and with all the gusto he could muster . 
 here we were in a life-and-death situation , maybe even dying tonight , and he was lying next to me on the ground , being handsy . 
 i could have stopped him , the thin white top i wore provided no protection from the events . 
 i thought , what to do , but his words rang true , live ! 
 do n't forget you are alive . 
 so i relaxed and went with it . 
 after we dropped , jones stopped and threw his cocktail . 
 he hit a zombie and it caught fire like an instant torch . 
 the zombie bumped into another and they burned . 
 jones chose a route and we ran . 
 zombies were behind us , cutting us off from the floating deck . 
 up ahead were many houses . 
 i stayed with thompson and we followed jones . 
 down the street we went in search of safety . 
 we zigzagged through houses and yards and eventually lost the slow-moving creatures . 
 we wound up at a two-story house and took refuge there . 
 furniture packed the house . 
 it took time , but we got everything moved and blocked both doors . 
 brittany strung cans together and tied them across the bottom of the stairs as an early warning device . 
 i unpacked and gave out penlight flashlights to both brittany and jones . 
 i claimed we were out , but charley was next to me and the others were staring . 
 i reluctantly gave him mine , hoping it would go out soon . 
 we sat out on a mission to search the house for more supplies . 
 jones found a bell we could use . 
 he tied it to the top of the stairs . 
 charley raided the closets for dry clothes . 
 he brought back something for each of us , except thompson . 
 i brought back heavy pans ; they would make good weapons to swing . 
 brittany found a case of mason jars . 
 she told jones we could pour whiskey in them and throw them at zombies . 
 we learned from the fires that they burned easily and quickly . 
 the only thing left to do was to settle in for the night . 
 i unpacked my backpack and we went off to change . 
 i must say , i did n't want to . 
 i wore a thin low-cut top with jeans . 
 my clothes were clinging to me , normally it would terrify me , but i saw thompson staring at me with his evil grin . 
 it made me feel warm inside , knowing i was attractive and wanted . 
 my body tingled and i felt heat where his eyes roamed . 
 why not enjoy the moment ? 
 i gave a small show and waited until last to change . 
 i was shivering by that time , but i felt good . 
 i thought of thompson and went to talk to him . 
 i told him i was sorry that i forgot to get him new clothes and offered him clothing from the boys ' packs . 
 he politely accepted and made sure to caress my hand as i handed him his new clothes . 
 i smiled and then went off to change . 
 the upstairs held a large master bedroom . 
 the bed would not be slept on . 
 like the others we found , it was placed against windows on the ground floor . 
 we gathered blankets from the huge walk-in closet and made pallets on the floor . 
 safety in numbers . 
 no one wanted to be next to thompson , he was on the end and i became the divider between him and my team . 
 jones would take the first watch , followed by brittany , and then charley . 
 i wanted to object to the order , but did n't . 
 jones was in charge and if he trusted charley more than he trusted me , so be it . 
 i kept my boots on and as a last safety measure ; i put my hammer in my belt and knife in my back pocket . 
 at the first sign of danger , i would have weapons to swing . 
 i miss my rifle . 
 i lie down and shut my eyes , hoping nothing more would happen before morning . 
 i comforted myself with the knowledge that we were close to the promised land and now was not the time to give up . 
 i would stay strong for me , for simon . 
 thompson sidled next to me in the darkness and let his hands roam . 
 i allowed it for a moment . 
 i would not take the next natural step , too many bodies were present . 
 if we were alone , maybe , maybe not . 
 i moved his hand and scooted closer to the others . 
 he was a gentleman and went to sleep . 
 it was during the late night that my bubble burst . 
 i should have known . 
 a lot of shaking occurred next to me and woke me . 
 i found my light and shined it on thompson . 
 oh my god , his eyes were red and he was sweating profusely . 
 i jumped up . 
 `` i told you ! 
 i told you ! '' 
 charley was screaming . 
 it was a mixture of happiness , relief that he was right , and fear . 
 thompson was shaking and staring at me . 
 something was strange about it . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i had no idea what it was . 
 something was definitely off . 
 rather than panic like i should have , i looked at him and shined my light in his eyes again . 
 he was shaking and his eyes reacted to the light . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 i kept looking at him and thinking , racking my brain for an explanation . 
 he did n't utter a word , instead , he managed to lift his right hand and he lowered his thumb . 
 it did n't hit me right away , then it registered . 
 it was the mercy sign . 
 he knew he was infected . 
 all that time on the deck , his trying to teach me sign language , he was preparing me for what i would have to do . 
 he had chosen me to end his life . 
 i closed my eyes and fought back tears . 
 why would i have them anyway ? 
 this man meant nothing to me . 
 from my belt , i pulled out my hammer . 
 while the others watched in silence , i walked around to thompson 's head to find the spot he was talking about . 
 i found it and i swung down , hard . 
 i stepped away from the dead body . 
 i felt like throwing up and i did n't want to lose it in front of everyone . 
 brittany came over to comfort me . 
 i should have accepted her offer , but i refused . 
 the bond we made meant something to me and try as i might , i could n't get past the idea of her throwing it away so easily . 
 brittany was gracious , she did n't push at all . 
 she was much better than i could ever be , which , made me dislike her even more . 
 i was the only one who cared about thompson and now that he was gone , i 'm sure the others would party . 
 `` what do you suppose did it ? '' 
 charley asked jones . 
 `` i do n't know , '' said jones , `` damn peculiar . 
 come on , help me with him . '' 
 they went to move him and fire burned in me . 
 i felt it spreading throughout my feet and an instant later , it shot all the way to the top of my head . 
 i moved as if on fire . 
 `` let him go ! 
 let him go ! 
 leave him alone , damn it ! '' 
 i pushed jones back and swung at charley with my bloody hammer . 
 i wanted to knock his head off . 
 if not for him , we would n't be in this mess . 
 `` zee , '' shouted brittany . 
 she rushed to my side and wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` let me go ! 
 let me go ! '' 
 i protested and tried to break free . 
 tears began streaming down my face as i fought to gain my freedom . 
 charley was smirking at me . 
 the others could n't see it , but i saw it clear as day . 
 `` he did it ! 
 it was him . 
 he did something to thompson when we were n't looking . '' 
 `` zee ! 
 stop it . '' 
 brittany yelled . 
 `` we do n't know him . 
 how do we know he is n't working for the government and infected him as some kind of test ? 
 what about us ? 
 he could have infected us , too . '' 
 `` zee , stop it . 
 you do n't know what you are saying . 
 stop it . '' 
 charley glared at me as if i had lost my mine . 
 i had n't . 
 it was reasonable , if you think about it . 
 we did n't know him from the man on the moon . 
 could the others be so blind ? 
 i kept trying to break loose . 
 after a while , i stopped . 
 i was sweating . 
 brittany was singing to me . 
 i did n't know when she had begun and do n't know the song , but it was soothing and i was tired of struggling . 
 i collapsed against a wall and listened to her sing . 
 `` they need to check him , zee . 
 maybe he has a bite . 
 you remember ruthie ? 
 she had a bite on her upper leg that none of us saw . 
 relax and let them check thompson . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` check him , '' said brittany . 
 i stayed still while charley and jones went to the body . 
 they turned him over . 
 jones took off his shirt and put it over thompson 's head . 
 he was kind to my friend , i appreciated that . 
 fearing i might try something , jones told charley to stay back and let him check . 
 his words were comforting and i needed to hear them . 
 jones began with the shirt . 
 thompson wore a blue long sleeve shirt . 
 jones unbuttoned the shirt and took it off . 
 they saw no bites or scratches . 
 they turned him over and saw nothing on his back . 
 after removing his pants , they found what they were looking for . 
 thompson had a bite mark on his left leg above his ankle . 
 brittany helped me to my feet and we came closer to have a look for ourselves . 
 i can only guess that he was in a fight with a zombie and the zombie grabbed his ankle , maybe knocking him down and then biting him . 
 thompson was our expert . 
 if it had been one of us , he could have told us how long ago the bite was , to give us an estimate of when it occurred . 
 without him , we were lost . 
 `` could you put his pants back on , please ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 jones turned the pants upside down and pieces of glass fell out of one of the pockets . 
 the pieces were thin and had traces of a blue liquid on some of them . 
 he turned the pocket inside out and it was stained blue . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 `` you got me , '' said jones . 
 he picked up a piece and sniffed it . 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` i bet it 's a serum . 
 this whole time he has been with us , he kept the truth from us . 
 he got infected before we left the camp . 
 that son of a bitch . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 `` zee ! 
 look at this . '' 
 the piece of paper had medical writing on it . 
 jones could be right . 
 thompson was a scientist and if a cure existed , he would have it . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 it 's true . '' 
 jones said . 
 `` back at the house , when i caught him peeking at little katy , i kicked him . 
 i thought i heard something shatter , but i was n't sure and i was mad as hell . 
 i just kept kicking him . 
 it must have been his serum . 
 i broke it when i kicked him . '' 
 `` then he knew he did n't have much time left . '' 
 `` yeah , zee , i guess so , '' said jones . 
 jones looked sad . 
 it was n't his fault . 
 he was protecting us from what he thought was a pervert . 
 turns out , we were both wrong . 
 `` could you cover him up , please ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 chapter fourteen though i killed him at his request , i could n't bring myself to look at thompson 's body . 
 the war was starting to get to me . 
 i kept my back to them as they carried the body to a window and threw it out like garbage . 
 i prayed i would n't hear the sound it would make hitting the ground . 
 thank god it was a soft thud . 
 `` we had to do it , '' said jones . 
 `` he would start to smell and we might be here longer than we expect to be . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i stayed against the wall . 
 i was not going back to sleep . 
 to occupy myself , i took everything out of my bag and counted it several times . 
 jones patrolled the area silently . 
 each time i counted he would appear and give me a painful look . 
 he would then turn and go downstairs to check out the area before returning to catch me doing the same thing . 
 i would then fold all the clothes before packing them back into my pack as neatly as possible . 
 there was nothing to say . 
 jones felt guilty and thought he responsible for thompson 's turning . 
 i did my best to tell him it was n't true and i no more believed my words than he . 
 to a lesser degree , he was guilty . 
 if he had n't smashed the vial of serum , thompson would be with us today . 
 then again , thompson was a zombie long before i or my team met him . 
 i call him a zombie because one bit him . 
 he was in effect , a dead man walking . 
 that serum he was taking was delaying the unavoidable , it was n't a cure . 
 when jones came into the room , this time i was ready for him . 
 `` hey , you need to rest . '' 
 `` you up to it ? '' 
 asked jones . 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 my humor was more deadpan than i intended . 
 jones gazed at me with an intensity i had n't seen before . 
 `` yes , i 'm up to it . '' 
 `` stay alert and wake me if anything happens . 
 do n't try to be a hero , baker . '' 
 `` i wo n't , captain . '' 
 i checked my back pocket for my knife and my belt for my hammer . 
 after confirmation , i left the room to check the rest of the house . 
 the house was quiet . 
 charley was lightly snoring ; it echoed down to me as i walked to a window and slid behind a mattress to look out . 
 it was dark outside , pitch-black . 
 there were no street lamps in this residential neighborhood to light the area . 
 i let my eyes adjust and focused . 
 with the aid of the moonlight , i saw movement in the distance . 
 i tried to raise the window to listen . 
 the window was locked and without looking , i ran my hand along its top for conformation . 
 it was indeed locked . 
 i slipped back out and pushed the mattress tighter to the window and readjusted the metal bedframe against it to hold the mattress in place . 
 we did n't think the zombies had enough intelligence to break a window and force a mattress out of the way . 
 our thinking was they would smell us and come in through the front door . 
 if i were n't a part of this new world , i would think we would cringe at the sight of a dead body or instantly throw up at the smell of rotting flesh , i would be wrong . 
 in this new world the smell was routine , it was normal and everyone adjusted to it . 
 how could we not ? 
 dead bodies were everywhere ; you could n't get away from them . 
 have n't you ridden in a car with the window down and passed by roadkill ? 
 that 's the natural smell of the world today . 
 if it is constant , you get used to it and block it out . 
 any new smell will get your attention and for zombies , the smell of human flesh was that new smell . 
 zombies found people wherever they hid . 
 like a bloodhound , they followed the scent and feasted . 
 i went to the back door to double-check it . 
 it was a solid wooden door with two deadbolt locks and a chain door lock . 
 i undid the lock and turned both deadbolts . 
 twisting the doorknob , it would n't open . 
 i pulled and shook the doorknob , trying to get the door opened . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i turned and saw jones . 
 he had his hands on his hips and was standing erect , looking at me angrily . 
 `` trying to open the door . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i was going to go out and take a look around our perimeter . '' 
 jones waved his hand , `` this is our perimeter , baker . 
 are you inviting zombies into our perimeter ? 
 is that your idea of guarding us while we sleep ? 
 are you offering our enemies a feast ? '' 
 i said nothing . 
 the confusion of his words was making me dizzy . 
 `` answer me , private . '' 
 that did the trick . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 no , sir . 
 i was not inviting the enemy to a feast , sir . '' 
 `` explain yourself , private . '' 
 i was back at camp and rigid as i could possibly be . 
 `` i was inspecting our perimeter for enemy intrusion , sir . '' 
 `` at ease , private . '' 
 i relaxed . 
 my heart beat faster but i slowed my breathing . 
 jones had a way with me that others did n't . 
 i always wanted him on my side and felt secure whenever he was near me . 
 `` could you tell me why i ca n't open the door , when i unbolted it ? '' 
 i spoke as softly as i could to make sure it did n't sound remotely antagonizing . 
 `` i nailed it shut with your hammer while you were upstairs with thompson . '' 
 `` you nailed it shut ? '' 
 `` me and charley . 
 during the time you were getting thompson situated we did a sweep of the house and nailed it shut . '' 
 `` what if we need to escape ? 
 how will we be able to get out with the door nailed shut ? 
 i mean they ca n't get in , but we ca n't get out either . '' 
 i was not saying it the way i was thinking it in my head . 
 i hoped my words were not as offensive as they sounded . 
 `` if you step out that door , you will be tripping over the body of a decaying zombie we found in the dining room . 
 charley and i moved him to the back steps and nailed the door shut . 
 that way , zombies will smell him and think no one is in this house and leave us alone . 
 it might be the reason we are safe . '' 
 `` i understand that , but what if we had to get out quickly ? '' 
 jones put his hands back on his hips and arched his back . 
 he looked me squarely in my eyes . 
 `` in that case , you simply jump through a window or head out the front door . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 jones , being our military leader and hero , came up with the perfect way to hide us . 
 he was correct about the smell . 
 the scent would throw off any marauding zombies and keep us safe . 
 still , i had qualms about the idea . 
 the idea did n't please me . 
 i hoped it never came to that . 
 jones was in charge , the idea man , at least he had a plan . 
 it would be good enough for me . 
 i smiled a reassuring smile at him and walked from the door toward the entrance to the living room . 
 at that moment , something new occurred to me . 
 why was jones here ? 
 i turned to face him and he must have read the puzzlement on my face . 
 his expression changed and he lowered his head . 
 `` why are you here , jones ? '' 
 with regret , he faced me . 
 `` i was checking on you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you know why , zee . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` i know that now , i had to be sure . '' 
 i looked into his eyes to see if it was true . 
 jones was usually readable . 
 this time i was n't comfortable in my appraisal of him . 
 he was a tactician and loved both chess and poker . 
 i never beat him at either . 
 `` i am fine , '' i said firmly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i am ! '' 
 i got louder in my affirmation and regretted it immediately . 
 jones nodded and gave me a comforting smile . 
 we walked out of the kitchen together and he went back upstairs and left me on guard duty . 
 pretending i carried my m16 , i marched back and forth and concentrated on my early days of guard duty . 
 i spent the remainder of my guard duty patrolling the lower floor and thinking . 
 it would n't be long until the sun rose . 
 i went back upstairs to end my shift . 
 i was dead on my feet and took a position against the upstairs ' bedroom door . 
 i sat next to it for a while and then decided it would be better if i had my back against it . 
 if someone opened the door , i would be ready . 
 from here , i could see the front room door and handle any zombie attack . 
 my eyes got heavy and the soft snoring of charley became a song to me . 
 before long , i was asleep . 
 the door opened and i fell backward . 
 the jolt woke me and i looked into the whimsical eyes of jones . 
 clearly , he had n't gone to sleep like the others . 
 `` get some sleep , baker . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i said it softly , not in anger or as a snide remark . 
 jones was my friend and i was grateful for his kindness . 
 i committed a prison-worthy offense and he let it slide . 
 i was already on the floor , so i crawled to the others and climbed into our makeshift bed . 
 it would be morning soon and we would be on our way to see simon . 
 i hope camp brandt meets all our expectations . 
 with thoughts of simon on my mind , i closed my eyes and went to sleep , dreaming of our reunion . 
 `` zee ? 
 zee ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's morning , '' said brittany , `` get up . '' 
 she shook me harder and i reluctantly opened my eyes . 
 brittany was correct , it was morning . 
 i could barely see a few short minutes ago and now everything was bright . 
 i pulled the cover off me , stood and stretched . 
 after several yawns , i surveyed the room . 
 nothing had changed , we were all there and alive , except for thompson . 
 the thought of him saddened me so i pushed him out of my mind . 
 brittany waved me downstairs with a warm smile . 
 hating her was a chore , i gave it up . 
 i can tell it pleased her , she seemed brighter today . 
 yesterday had not been a good day . 
 thompson died and i lashed out at her . 
 so many emotions ran through me , i could n't control them all and my blood brother suffered because of it . 
 i gladly followed her to the door and turned to invite jones down as well . 
 he was standing , looking out the window . 
 i saw his hand on his hip and that meant he was thinking , plotting . 
 my stomach sank . 
 i changed my mind about going downstairs and went to the window . 
 `` zee ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 brittany protested , a little too much . 
 i went to see what was so interesting out the window . 
 i saw jones ' face before i looked . 
 his face was stoic , chiseled in despair . 
 i looked down and saw them . 
 zombies were in the street and they were slowly walking lackadaisically toward our house . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jones shook his head . 
 there was something more , but he would n't say . 
 `` come on , let 's get some grub . '' 
 he pulled me away from the window and we walked out behind brittany . 
 someone had removed the string of cans and laid them to the side . 
 our early warning system lay disabled at the top and bottom of the stairs . 
 it was a relief not to have to duck under them as i had done all night . 
 in the kitchen , charley sat in front of a plate made of napkins . 
 he stood when we came in . 
 i looked at him with a blank stare . 
 i remembered what i said last night and should apologize . 
 i refused to give him the satisfaction . 
 i would n't accuse him of anything , but i would n't fully trust him either . 
 charley smiled and nodded . 
 i half-smiled . 
 `` who wants to say a quick morning prayer ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 `` i will , '' said charley . 
 with a bowed head , charley took brittany 's left hand . 
 brittany gave her right to jones and he gave his right to me . 
 i looked at charley , waiting for me to reach across the table and give him my hand . 
 i thought about everything he had done to thompson , i refused . 
 i just looked at him for an instant -- giving him an evil eye -- then bowed my head . 
 charley cleared his throat . 
 `` lord , thank you for letting us live to see another day . 
 help us to safely travel to our destination . 
 give us courage and strength , amen . '' 
 `` amen , '' said brittany . 
 `` amen , '' said jones . 
 `` amen , '' i said . 
 everyone sat down and brittany played hostess . 
 she was happy and had smiles for everyone . 
 jones was quiet and in deep thought . 
 i did my best to avoid looking at charley . 
 i focused on brittany and watched as she passed out potted meat tins and animal crackers to us . 
 she had opened the cans for us and had napkin plates at each of our positions . 
 i thought of my mother and how she loved being a hostess . 
 our breakfast table would dwarf this little thing we called a table . 
 this was no more than a decorated playing card 's table . 
 ours was huge and at one of our last breakfast 's mornings , we were all proud because for the first time ever , we sat in matching chairs . 
 for a family of fourteen , that was huge . 
 that 's the drawback of having so many children , most people never know . 
 the ideal family is four to six and most items only come in that number . 
 for us , we needed multiples of everything and hardly ever found them in matching sets . 
 we would have to special order and that would cost a fortune . 
 something we lacked . 
 each of us would rock back and forth in our new chairs , angering our parents . 
 after we settled down , my mother would pass bowl after bowl around the table . 
 dad would lead us in prayer as we held hands and then we feasted . 
 breakfasts were huge and easily the biggest meal of the day . 
 lunches were skimpy , so we ate quickly and left the table to play . 
 we were n't required to all sit together during dinner , unless it was a holiday . 
 often , we arrived for dinner at different times and ate in groups . 
 breakfast was the meal i remembered most and the one i loved . 
 that is , before the many marriages and step-relatives . 
 i watched brittany sit and begin eating . 
 she was n't a mother figure to me , but i revered her as such . 
 i drank the half bottle of water she gave me before eating . 
 my thoughts went to the missing , to thompson . 
 he was right ; there was still beauty in the world . 
 though our world has ended , we are still here and life is good . 
 i let brittany 's laughter raise my spirits . 
 chapter fifteen after breakfast , my hopes dashed . 
 i felt my mood shifting to a dark place . 
 jones told us we could n't leave . 
 he and charley had their heads together earlier and his look from the upstairs window should have told me something was up . 
 i should have questioned the decision , but i did n't want to upset jones . 
 he was our leader and so far we had survived . 
 i put my faith in him and did my best to relax . 
 it went against my nature and i strained to conform . 
 in the end , i trusted him and like the bolted door , put it out of my head . 
 charley pulled out a deck of cards as a diversion . 
 brittany suggested spades and we partnered up . 
 we were getting into the spirit of the game and just to look at the four us , betrayed our circumstances . 
 we were all young people sitting around a card table in the kitchen playing cards , with no hint of danger or death . 
 no traces of the world we resided in . 
 we were kids and the world was our oyster . 
 our innocence shattered , moans filtered in from outside . 
 the zombies found us . 
 we froze for an instant . 
 that gave us time to listen and judge how close they were to the back door . 
 jones ushered us out of the room and we crept upstairs . 
 each of us went to our packs for our weapons . 
 i had both , my hammer and my knives . 
 brittany had a baton in one hand and a metal pipe in the other . 
 i passed her a knife . 
 she wrapped the sheath around her right leg and put the knife in it . 
 for the present , her intention was to fight by swinging and bashing . 
 i agreed and looked for something in the room to hit with . 
 i could always throw my knives , i would have to recover them to use them a second time . 
 bashing seemed better . 
 charley and jones held batons and for backup , they had molotov cocktails . 
 they went back down to the living room with brittany while i looked for a weapon to bash zombies . 
 there was nothing in the room useful , not even the rod used to hold the hangers in the closet . 
 it was entirely too weak and already bent . 
 i searched the rest of the floor and then went downstairs to continue my search . 
 i thought about the house 's plumbing and hoped to find a metal pipe i could rip out . 
 we knew there was no basement ; it was one of the first searches performed . 
 there had to be something , someplace where i could get at pipes . 
 i began my assault on the downstairs . 
 i went room to room and found nothing useful . 
 there was always the metal from the bed frames , but they braced the mattresses at the windows and we needed them there more . 
 `` zee . '' 
 brittany interrupted my feverish search . 
 i was in the downstairs closet rummaging through the junk on the floor . 
 i stopped . 
 my heart dropped from her soft tone alone . 
 something was up . 
 why us ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you better come upstairs . '' 
 `` tell me , britt , what is it ? '' 
 `` come with me . '' 
 she turned and i followed . 
 i walked behind her through the living room to the stairs . 
 i looked around for the boys and neither was there . 
 the zombies were howling outside and through a crack between a mattress and window , i saw dozens . 
 they were n't coming into the house . 
 they were nevertheless massing around the house . 
 i followed with trepidation . 
 for her not to tell me meant it was bad and she did n't have the words . 
 my mind reeled with possibilities and i was happy to reach the door to end the suspense . 
 we went inside and both boys were at the window . 
 they turned and the look on their faces was telling . 
 it was definitely bad news . 
 like the man on his way to the electric chair , i recoiled . 
 brittany caught a hold of me and saved me from further embarrassment . 
 i walked to the window with a heavy heart . 
 jones moved aside and when i looked into his eyes , i can only guess it was pain in them . 
 i can say for certain i saw no fear . 
 if his eyes could talk , they would perform some sort of apology to me . 
 breaking my gaze , i looked out at the zombies ; they were everywhere and steady coming . 
 my heart sank even lower . 
 we were in a hopeless predicament and it would be a matter of time before the zombie hordes overran us . 
 `` i 'm sorry , zee . '' 
 jones spoke softly . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i did n't want to go out like this , but it 's not my choice . '' 
 `` zee ? '' 
 brittany 's voice shook . 
 `` leave her alone , '' said jones , shaking off brittany . 
 i turned from the window and went back to our pallet in the center of the room . 
 there was nothing to do but wait . 
 i would never see simon again . 
 nothing brittany or anyone said could make it easier for me . 
 i had to accept the inevitable . 
 i crawled under my blanket and buried myself under the covers . 
 i could hear the others walking around and i wanted so badly to cry and feel sorry for myself . 
 i could n't . 
 these were my last hours . 
 i would go out like the kickass soldier i was , fighting tooth and nail to survive . 
 to cry would mean defeat and sour the others , i would n't do it . 
 not for me , not for anything . 
 i stayed under the covers and waited . 
 after a while , i began to get worried and then impatient . 
 why were n't they breaking down the door and killing us ? 
 i threw off the covers and looked for my team . 
 brittany had come and sat next to me . 
 jones and charley were at the window . 
 i looked at brittany . 
 she said nothing , but it was in her face . 
 something was wrong . 
 they knew something that i did n't . 
 i brought my face in closer to brittany 's and she blinked , it was true , something was wrong . 
 `` you tell me right now ! '' 
 my voice shook like i could n't believe . 
 my threat was not veiled ; it shone in my voice as clear as day . 
 brittany teared up and closed her eyes . 
 i turned to jones , he stared at me . 
 he probably had been staring at me the whole time . 
 i got to my feet and our eyes never left each other 's . 
 i walked to him as fast as i could . 
 before i could say a word and deliver my threat , he stopped me . 
 `` look down . '' 
 i pressed my face to the window and looked down by the side of the house . 
 i did n't hear them before , but now , i heard them as if they were in the room with me . 
 as if someone had turned the radio up , loudly . 
 zombies were screaming and howling and feasting ; feasting on a body , feasting on thompson . 
 i collapsed and passed out . 
 i woke to louder noise . 
 i did n't need to be at the window to know their number grew . 
 i could hear them and feel them all around me . 
 i lay on the pallet . 
 i got up and went back to the window for another look . 
 jones watched me in silence . 
 i felt him watching and as long as he did n't speak , i was perfectly fine with the staring . 
 i looked down at the masses of zombies and found thompson 's body . 
 the creatures pulled him apart and many feasted on him . 
 i left the window and started pacing . 
 back and forth , faster and faster i went . 
 jones watched me the whole time . 
 i kept throwing distractions up in my mind , trying to drown the sound of the zombies and make peace with reality . 
 try as i might , i failed . 
 i stood against a wall and shut my eyes tightly , rocking . 
 with clenched fists that dug into my palms , i tried to hold on . 
 i told myself it would be over soon and i could hold on and make it . 
 tighter and tighter i dug into my palms , maybe the pain would distract and outweigh the screams and howls that echoed in my head . 
 visions of thompson 's body flying from one zombie to the next , like frisbees , crept into my thoughts . 
 i opened my eyes to find everyone staring at me . 
 jones and charley from the window , brittany from by the door . 
 only brittany moved . 
 the door was wide open . 
 she looked downstairs toward the living-room door and then back at me . 
 my guess is that she was on guard duty . 
 rather than speak , i closed my eyes again and concentrated on breathing . 
 in and out , slower and slower i breathed . 
 there was nothing to say , nothing to do . 
 i would wait with the others and in time they would leave . 
 again , i went to the window to check their progress . 
 why should thompson affect me this way ? 
 i did n't even like the guy . 
 and why was my team keeping things from me ? 
 did they expect i would go off the rails once i saw thompson ? 
 i was stronger than that . 
 i have seen dozens of people eaten by zombies . 
 i have seen dozens more , turn into zombies , some i knew . 
 i looked at jones and his eyes darted back and forth , evaluating me . 
 i thought of what he did last night , his checking up on me , and i wondered how i fared under his gaze . 
 i was his second and needed to prove it . 
 i steeled myself and boldly gazed out the window like it was n't there . 
 zombies did n't bother me one bit . 
 i thought of home and my family and glared out at them in defiance . 
 their chewing noises meant nothing . 
 i was home free until i made the mistake of looking down . 
 i saw thompson 's head roll out into the open . 
 his eyes looked up at me and they were judging me . 
 i collapsed , again . 
 i woke in the center of the room on the pallet . 
 stirring awake , i felt a hand on me , rubbing up and down . 
 i opened my eyes to find brittany comforting me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , zee . '' 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 `` we did . 
 i hoped you would n't see it . '' 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , i imagine -- '' `` no , not that . 
 how long have i been out ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 a few hours . '' 
 `` look , zee -- '' `` it 's okay , britt . 
 i should have known it would happen . '' 
 `` how are you , zee ? '' 
 jones came over and asked . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you better be . 
 we 're getting out of here in a little while and i need you fired up and ready to go . '' 
 `` are they leaving ? '' 
 `` most of them have left already , '' said jones . 
 `` look . 
 i did n't think that would happen when we tossed the body . 
 i should have thought of all the possibilities . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i know he was your friend and that was not the way for anybody to go . 
 i would n't wish that on my worst enemy . '' 
 jones gave his famous smile to calm me . 
 his brown eyes met mine and i settled inside . 
 `` thanks , but i 'm fine . 
 how soon can we leave ? '' 
 `` i 'm hoping for soon , however , the reality is that we may be here until nightfall . '' 
 jones looked sad . 
 charley came over and handed me a bottle of water . 
 `` we had lunch already . '' 
 i still did n't like him . 
 i needed somebody to blame and he was it . 
 brittany was at my side and poking me in the back , so i politely smiled at the man and took the bottle . 
 i ca n't lie and say that it was n't refreshing , it was fantastic . 
 i ignored the smile he gave me and stood . 
 i did n't hear the zombies anymore , their number must be down tremendously . 
 `` zee , what are you doing ? '' 
 i ignored brittany 's question and walked to the window . 
 this window had proven to be the death of me . 
 i wanted to conquer it . 
 jones and charley came swiftly to my sides and brittany stood behind me , ready to catch me if i fell . 
 i ignored them all and looked out into zombie world . 
 the zombies were scattering . 
 where thompson once laid , there was nothing but a red stain . 
 every piece of him devoured . 
 i quickly looked away and focused on the distant zombies , trying to figure out where they were going . 
 it would be dark soon and contrary to my wishes , this road trip had taken a serious detour . 
 we were within walking distance of salvation and had been stopped at the pearly gates . 
 we would make it , i was sure of that . 
 it was a matter of time and opportunity and we had both . 
 chapter sixteen later that evening , we gathered our bags and we readied to leave . 
 i put my pack on my back and held a knife as jones opened the front door . 
 one by one we crept out into the evening air . 
 the route we took led us to the side of the house where thompson 's body had lain . 
 i hated he chose that route and with each step i cringed . 
 decency and common sense would tell me not to look as i pass , but i had to look . 
 it would only take a second to glance over and though i fought the urge not to look , i looked . 
 thompson was gone , not one trace of him remained other than the blood smeared sidewalk on which they tossed him . 
 i looked and kept moving , watching our rear for zombies . 
 though we heard them , we did n't see them . 
 we made our way up the road and followed it . 
 charley tried to get an abandoned car to run ; the dead battery dashed our hopes . 
 ahead , a truck with a half-eaten body hanging out the passenger 's side door . 
 i could n't tell by looking at him if the poor soul drove the truck . 
 we stood guard during charley 's hopeless attempt at starting the truck . 
 another dead battery and to make matters worse , it sat on its rim , missing the left rear tire . 
 i can only imagine the poor soul making his getaway in the truck and the back tire blowing out on him . 
 it seems his luck ran like ours . 
 hopefully we would fare better than he . 
 we wasted enough time on cars and decided not to make another attempt . 
 we needed to get away from the area . 
 the camp was close and if we hoofed it , we could get there before it got too late . 
 i kept my position in the rear and kept searching for stray zombies . 
 all it would take is for one zombie to see us and alert the rest . 
 like i had done in the store , my knife was ready to fly into the skull of our would-be betrayer . 
 further up the road we stopped . 
 i caught up to them to see what everyone stared at , a building not far from us , a police station . 
 two cars were out front and both looked drivable , meaning no visible damage . 
 `` are we going to go down and take a look ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' said jones . 
 he looked around the area for zombies . 
 `` i do n't know how much time we are going to get but we should take a look . '' 
 brittany , jones , and i were soldiers . 
 charley was our wild card . 
 he could handle himself in a fight , but he was the unknown factor we had to work with . 
 i eyed him to see how nervous he was . 
 his iron jaw made me angry . 
 `` all right , '' said jones . 
 `` baker , dushell , flank out and stand guard . 
 charley and i will go in . 
 if it 's clear , we 'll signal and then you come in . 
 clear ? '' 
 `` clear . '' 
 `` clear . '' 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 brittany and i left together . 
 we went first and split up halfway to the building . 
 she went left and i went right . 
 i hid behind a tree and watched the guys creep toward the station house . 
 charley checked the first car while jones checked the other . 
 jones looked over at charley and then to us . 
 jones held his finger to his throat and motioned like he was slicing his throat , no hope of using the cars . 
 carefully they approached the door to the station and crept inside . 
 i checked all around for zombies and then checked on brittany . 
 she waved , the coast was clear . 
 with that , i resumed watching the door and waiting . 
 occasionally i checked the area , for the most part my attention focused on the door in front of me . 
 after what seemed like hours , jones came to the door and waved us in . 
 with a last look behind me , i ran after brittany . 
 as i passed the car nearest the door , i saw the remains of a severed finger looped around a key ring . 
 the finger was skeletal and the key was in the ignition , turned to the run position . 
 it does n't take a genius to figure out the rest , with the dried blood all over the car ; obviously someone had tried to make their getaway and was pulled from the car . 
 no doubt kicking and screaming . 
 i dismissed the images forming in my head and went to the police station 's door . 
 i entered last . 
 blood smeared the walls and i would be hard pressed to say that they were only blood stains . 
 overturned desks , stray papers , and objects littered the floor . 
 jones held a sawed-off shotgun and pointed it at me . 
 `` bang . '' 
 `` funny , ha ha . '' 
 `` relax , baker , the room 's cleared . 
 you look like you are walking on eggshells . '' 
 `` it pays to be cautious , is n't that what they beat into us ? '' 
 `` yeah , you are right about that . 
 catch . '' 
 jones threw me the rifle . 
 i caught it and examined it . 
 it had slimy goo on the barrel . 
 other than that , perfection . 
 `` i pulled it out of the hands of a copper . 
 both his legs are missing and the rest ... let 's just say i hope he was dead when it all started . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 any bullets ? '' 
 it had been missing for a while , but it was back . 
 that evil mischievous grin i had come to expect from him . 
 he always held something back . 
 he held up a policeman 's belt . 
 green slime covered the belt . 
 it dripped and reeked . 
 that belt was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen . 
 i smiled ear to ear and grabbed it before he changed his mind . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , that 's what they all say . 
 you can thank me properly later . '' 
 jones winked and turned around . 
 i do n't know if he turned so fast to keep me from responding or if for another reason , i know gratitude welled up in me for his kindness . 
 that `` thank me later joke '' is big all over the world and most people take it with ease . 
 i 'm the type of person who responds to statements like that when i should laugh and go about my business . 
 jones was saving me more embarrassment and with me , there was plenty . 
 i checked to make sure my gun loaded properly and followed him , throwing the policeman 's belt over my shoulder . 
 it reeked to high heaven . 
 it was my protection and for that , i would ignore the smell . 
 i walked behind jones , guarding his six . 
 the rifle felt good in my hands and with it , i had renewed hope for our survival . 
 jones went to the desk and with him on one side and i on the other , we rifled it for anything useful . 
 nothing was there . 
 the room had several desks . 
 we divided up and searched them all . 
 while jones left them were they lay , i turned them upright to make searching easier . 
 an upright desk felt better somehow . 
 i found a box of ammo in one desk . 
 i shoved it into my pack . 
 it was n't the ammo for the shotgun . 
 i was hoping one of the others found a weapon for it . 
 i continued my search by going into a conference room to search there . 
 the room held nothing useful . 
 on a side table were radios . 
 i turned one on and heard a hissing sound from it . 
 though it thrilled me to know that it worked , i left it , believing it useless . 
 brittany carried a small radio , it took a nine-volt battery and we never came across one . 
 these had batteries that would n't fit her radio . 
 jones met me with an evil grin again , when i came out . 
 he held up his treasure . 
 he found two more batons so he and charley could now swing two of the sticks each during our next zombie encounter . 
 jones put them in his pack and we both left to go check on the others in the back of the station . 
 we descended stairs into semi-darkness . 
 light shone through several small square windows . 
 the area we were in was the jail section . 
 i read the words on the overhead sign . 
 before us were several cells . 
 we could n't see the front of them because of the wall we faced . 
 my heart skipped a beat thinking someone was in the cells , left trapped after the zombie attack . 
 i raced around to the front of the cells and saw they were all open . 
 various body parts were scattered among them , prisoners . 
 brittany was there . 
 she stared absentmindedly at the cells . 
 i saw a gun in her hand and it excited me . 
 thank god we found weapons . 
 `` britt ? '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 brittany turned and smiled at me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i was trying to figure out how they got them . '' 
 `` the cells are open , britt . 
 they walked in and got them . '' 
 my friend scared me . 
 brittany turned to me with a confused look . 
 her forehead riddled with tension . 
 `` zee . '' 
 she held up keys on a giant key ring . 
 `` i unlocked the cells . 
 they were locked when we came down here . 
 unless they were zombies and smashed themselves trying to get out , how did the zombies get in to get them ? '' 
 the look of confusion she held spread to me . 
 i wondered how long she had been staring at the cell contemplating her riddle . 
 was she finally cracking ? 
 what did it matter ? 
 i put an arm around her and turned her away from the cells . 
 her face lacked color and plain white was not a good color on her . 
 i walked her away while jones looked at the cells . 
 around the corner we stopped . 
 charley tried desperately to pry open a metal gun cabinet . 
 he saw us and took a deep breath . 
 and then he took out his baton and started hitting at the lock on the cabinet . 
 the horrible sound it made echoed . 
 charley threw his weight into every blow and eventually the cabinet tired of the assault and revealed its treasures . 
 everyone gasped as we saw the bounty in the cabinet . 
 inside its steel doors stood rifles . 
 they were nowhere as good as army issue , but they were rifles , semi-automatics . 
 charley picked up a rifle with a long clip attached to it , obviously his choice of weapon . 
 at the bottom of the cabinet were more clips . 
 he scooped up the clips and put them in his bag . 
 jones chose a dillinger and a rifle . 
 there were only a few bullets for the dillinger . 
 i knew from our talks around camp he loved that gun and as soon as i saw it , i predicted it would find its way to his pocket . 
 brittany grabbed a rifle and tossed it to me . 
 i barely had time to position myself to catch it and not drop the one i carried . 
 she chose an identical one for herself and found two spare clips . 
 i read the writing on the inside panel of the closet and discovered we possessed confiscated drug artillery . 
 we checked our weapons , proud to find them . 
 we did n't get a chance to celebrate our find , we heard a zombie howl . 
 we flew into army mode . 
 while the others double-checked their weapons , i managed to halfway shove the rifle into my duffel bag and fastened the belt around my waist . 
 we secured our packs and ran toward the door . 
 if zombies were on the move , this dungeon was the last place we wanted to be , it was a death trap . 
 racing up the stairs , we met our first zombie . 
 jones was in the lead and shot it . 
 `` we got to get out of here , now ! '' 
 jones led and we followed . 
 i let the others go first and guarded our rear . 
 i had no idea why i had done it , this was survival time and i was in survival mode . 
 i told myself not to do it again and continued behind the others . 
 into the fading light we went . 
 zombies were coming from the south , the direction we wanted to travel . 
 jones began running in the opposite direction , away from the camp , away from simon . 
 it was n't that many of them . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jones asked after stopping . 
 `` there is only a handful , we can take them out . '' 
 jones assessed the situation . 
 he looked at us all , we were more than willing . 
 `` all right , let 's do this . '' 
 i did n't have time to count zombies . 
 my best guess would put their number at forty . 
 taking them out and continuing made perfect sense and would get us to the camp tonight . 
 we dropped our bags and loaded up . 
 `` no guns , '' said jones . 
 `` that will only attract more of them . 
 let 's go hand to hand . 
 we take out the fast ones first and the rest will be a snap . '' 
 jones passed me one of his batons . 
 brittany already had her pipe up and charley followed jones with his batons . 
 the first of the zombies came screaming at us . 
 i was ready for battle . 
 since we would be swinging , i stepped away from the others to get more maneuvering room . 
 i intended to swing wildly . 
 a tall almost human zombie was the first to come at me . 
 i leaped into the air and with a baseball swing , i cracked its head open . 
 it fell to the ground and i whacked it again to finish it . 
 the next , a rounder short zombie came low at me . 
 i stood up , kicked it , and knocked it down . 
 it took three whacks to silence it . 
 not waiting for the next to attack me , i attacked it . 
 i launched myself into the approaching zombie with a battle scream . 
 my baton high over my head , i brought it down with a crushing blow . 
 after it , i moved to the next and slipped like those crazy girls in the movies chased by the killer monster . 
 how ridiculous could i be ? 
 i rose and stood my ground . 
 i thought it best to wait and let them come to me . 
 we cleared the way in no time and were ready to proceed forward . 
 none of us had fallen and dead zombies with splattered brains lay at our feet . 
 no one cared about the green splatter on our clothing . 
 our reluctant imprisonment made us stronger and angrier . 
 did i mention our nickname was the screaming eagles ? 
 maybe we should call ourselves the angry eagles . 
 anyway , we were successful and another step closer to the camp . 
 we marched forward over a rise and saw the road . 
 my heart sank . 
 it seemed we would never complete our ill-fated trip . 
 ahead of us on the road were zombies , dozens and dozens of killer zombies . 
 one of them in front saw us . 
 it stopped , and like the scene out of invasion of the body snatchers , it pointed at us , opened its big mouth , and let out the most god-awful sound imaginable . 
 the chase was on . 
 they ran at us with vigor , howling . 
 `` we can shoot them , '' brittany suggested . 
 `` we do n't have enough ammo for that . 
 they would get us while we changed clips . '' 
 jones made his decision . 
 he hollered , `` run ! '' 
 we turned around and ran as fast as we could . 
 i was carrying a heavy backpack , a duffel , a rifle in one hand and had just shoved a bloody baton in the duffel of the other . 
 it was a marathon run and at first i had no idea where we were going , but then it looked familiar . 
 we were going back to the safety of our two-story house . 
 we went through a back alley and then between two houses . 
 jones stopped and took a knee . 
 he opened his pack and lit a molotov cocktail 's wick . 
 he threw it at a house to his left and then another at the house on his right . 
 flames roared . 
 we kept moving and when i looked back , a zombie was going into one of the burning houses . 
 it lit up like a torch . 
 it turned and stumbled into several others and lit them . 
 the rest halted and howled as we continued to safety . 
 as we neared the house , zombies were in the doorway , i had left the door open , not thinking we would come back . 
 jones was in the lead and he stopped , dropped to a knee and took out one of two zombies in view . 
 he aimed and got the other . 
 they ran for the door and stopped at the threshold . 
 i was bringing up the rear and had put considerable distance between myself and the zombies . 
 i made it to the door and we entered together . 
 like we thought , zombies invaded our home . 
 i counted six , all tall and human looking . 
 i looked into the eyes of one of them and barely saw red , he was new and strong . 
 he might have been one of the runners we saw earlier . 
 if he was , he would hold a grudge . 
 the zombie i saw came at me . 
 i shot him . 
 before i could aim at another , several gunshots went off and they all lay dead at our feet . 
 `` lock the door . '' 
 jones ordered . 
 brittany locked it and like before , jones and charley pushed the couch in front of the door . 
 `` we have to check the rest of the house . '' 
 jones glared at me when i said it , perhaps he was about to give that order . 
 `` you two go that way and we will take this way . '' 
 brittany and i went toward the kitchen and left the rest of the house to them . 
 i did n't care who searched what as long as we searched . 
 we did n't find anything and went upstairs to search . 
 from my new belt , i had a penlight flashlight . 
 i used it on the hall , it had no light . 
 i shined it ahead of us . 
 brittany and i were a team and searched two of the upstairs bedrooms . 
 we heard a commotion and raced to another . 
 passing our large bedroom , we saw no one and continued to the last small bedroom . 
 a zombie lay on the floor of the small room , charley and jones were smashing its head in with their batons . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` it snuck up on us , '' said jones . 
 charley added , `` it was in the closet . 
 we went to the window to check on the zombies and it came at us . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said jones . 
 `` it knocked him down and he came at me . '' 
 `` where are your guns ? '' 
 brittany said . 
 `` we left them in our room . '' 
 jones ' face turned red . 
 `` we thought if we found one we could clobber it and keep the noise down . '' 
 `` i guess it showed you , huh ? '' 
 `` watch it , baker . '' 
 i stood at attention and saluted . 
 `` aye , aye , captain . '' 
 chapter seventeen i looked out into the darkness of the night . 
 we failed again and wound back at our original starting point . 
 zombies are massing outside . 
 it is good that our house sets away from others , because several houses are now on fire from the bombs they threw . 
 brittany and i waited for the boys to return from their mission to remove the dead zombie from our presence . 
 they would open the window and climb on the roof with the zombie and carefully tie him to the chimney to hold him in place . 
 it was a hard job and i 'm glad i took no part in it . 
 brittany and i had kitchen duty and prepared our evening dinner . 
 the zombie screams no longer bothered us or i should say more precisely no longer shook us with fear . 
 they were more of an early warning system to let us know danger was coming and if we did n't spring into action , we would die . 
 we listened to their noise from the kitchen table while waiting on the boys to join us . 
 the mood was somber and there was n't much that needed saying . 
 i enjoyed the silence , after a while , brittany did n't . 
 `` zee ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` i mean about thompson . '' 
 `` why are you guys so fixated on thompson ? 
 he was a jerk and i feel fine about it . '' 
 `` jones told me that he spied on us while we washed in the river . 
 maybe he did it every time . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` how do you feel about it ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 thompson was a jerk , he is dead , good riddance . '' 
 the look she gave me let me know she was n't going to drop it and did n't like my answers . 
 what was there to say that had n't been said ? 
 his watching us should creep me out , especially her , i mean she was practically naked . 
 at least i kept my top on . 
 for some reason , i ca n't get worked up about it . 
 i keep coming back to it 's the end of the world and everything has changed . 
 it is ridiculous to have the same hang-ups i had as when the world was normal . 
 everything has changed . 
 i have changed . 
 i 'm nineteen years old in a zombie-infested world . 
 every day i wake has the potential of being the last day of my life . 
 i accept that in my head , but have trouble putting it into words . 
 stated simply , to survive the change in life , i have to change or get left behind . 
 i am doing my best to make that change , it is difficult . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` zee . 
 i know there is something or there was something between the two of you . 
 i think you should recognize it . 
 it will help you to get past it and get stronger . '' 
 `` i 'm strong enough . '' 
 `` zee ! '' 
 `` what do you want from me , brittany ? '' 
 `` talk to me , zee . 
 just talk to me . 
 tell me how you feel about the man . '' 
 i took a deep breath and slowly let it out . 
 closing my eyes always helped me focus . 
 this time it let me down . 
 `` thompson was a jerk , end of discussion . '' 
 `` zee ! '' 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i know i let her down and i could n't help it . 
 i could n't talk about it , not even to her , my blood brother . 
 she could never understand my feelings for thompson and i could n't explain them in a way to make her understand . 
 it was n't love , i doubt that seriously . 
 it was a connection that we made . 
 someway , somehow , he got to me , pass my defenses to my inner core . 
 he was in before i could shut the gate and keep him out . 
 i ca n't describe how it happened . 
 it would make absolutely no sense unless it happened to her , too . 
 brittany looked at me with sad puppy dog eyes . 
 i so desperately wanted to let her in and tell her , i just could n't . 
 i bowed my head and racked my brain for something to cheer her up and bring peace between us . 
 fortunately , the boys returned . 
 `` we did it , '' said jones . 
 `` we hoisted him up like a flag and tied him to the chimney . 
 he 'll be there until he rots and falls to pieces . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said charley . 
 `` can you picture a zombie standing on the sidewalk and suddenly manna falls from heaven ? 
 outrageous ! '' 
 `` i can picture that , '' said brittany . 
 `` they will probably think it 's a big gumball machine in the sky . '' 
 they chuckled . 
 i pleasantly smiled . 
 `` can you guys take the table and everything upstairs ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 `` i 'll lock up and meet you in our room . '' 
 `` fine by me , '' replied charley . 
 he got on one end of the table and strained to lift it . 
 `` whoa ! 
 i guess i 'm gon na need a hand with this load . '' 
 jones came to his rescue . 
 `` back up ladies and watch a man work . 
 one , two , three , up ! '' 
 the boys made groaning noises as they carried the card table out of the room and up to ours . 
 i helped brittany gather our bags . 
 every time i looked at her , her head was down , avoiding me . 
 i had hurt her feelings by not talking about mine . 
 i 'm a girl , is n't talking about our feelings part of the job description ? 
 maybe they forgot to give me the `` share-your-feelings '' manual in the nursery . 
 my mother always claimed i was left on her doorstep by aliens . 
 i 'm the kind of person whose sense of humor changes with the wind . 
 usually when she said those words to me , i cringed and took them the wrong way , though she smiled the whole time . 
 maybe i needed to discover myself . 
 i was definitely something . 
 brittany and i made two trips up the stairs : the first was to carry our bags . 
 the second was to lock up . 
 i trusted her to do it , i wanted to stay with her and if i could n't express my feelings , maybe by being with her she would get the message . 
 yes , guilt reared its ugly head . 
 back in our room , setting up was a snap . 
 it consisted of throwing a cover over the table and placing napkin plates in each position . 
 when done , i went to the window to check on our zombie friends , leaving the rest to chef brittany . 
 zombies wandered below us aimlessly . 
 they were gathering in numbers like before . 
 thompson was right about their low intelligence . 
 if it were me , i would be going house to house searching for food . 
 not these zombies , they wandered aimlessly , stopping and howling at one another and possibly the air itself . 
 until we stepped out of our sanctuary , we were invisible . 
 i stopped to think of all the souls around the world in similar hiding places . 
 how long would they wait ? 
 we had plenty of food and water and could remain here until they disbursed , possibly weeks if necessary . 
 were others as fortunate ? 
 my thoughts wondered back to my brother and the people at the camp . 
 i wondered if they were waiting on us or if they had given up ever seeing us alive again . 
 we were only a few short miles away . 
 why would these last few miles be so difficult ? 
 roadblock after roadblock after roadblock , it was n't fair . 
 comforting myself with the knowledge that i was alive and safe was n't enough . 
 i left the window to see if brittany needed any help . 
 `` have a seat guys , dinner is served . '' 
 brittany was all smiles . 
 tonight would be a treat from the boys ' packs . 
 first , she forced a prayer out of charley and glowered at me until i took his hand in our little circle . 
 i guess she was getting back at me for not sharing . 
 after the prayer , we sat . 
 brittany presented the meal and dared any of us to alter it . 
 she had her mojo back . 
 jones and charley shared a can of peaches . 
 brittany and i chose pineapples , the juice would be heavenly . 
 jones set up his butane torch to fire up two cans of armour treets . 
 before he got started , brittany carved ours in the shape of a turkey and theirs in the shape of a duck . 
 the carved away pieces became their nests . 
 brittany screamed as if her bird was on fire every time jones brought the torch near it . 
 she yelled , `` run for your life little birdie , '' and made her bird gallop across the table like he was in fact running for his life . 
 she was so funny , so animated ; i loosened a bit and laughed sparingly with the others . 
 i know she did it all for my benefit , i just could n't get as deeply into it as they could . 
 they sat around the table laughing and joking while jones roasted our birds . 
 when finished , brittany returned to her chef duties and carved the birds . 
 we toasted bottles of water and feasted . 
 i looked at them and their laughter was infectious , but not on me , only with one another . 
 the burning flesh brought up memories of the flaming zombies jones torched earlier . 
 they were once people . 
 i also thought of thompson being pulled apart and feasted on , brittany 's carving turned my stomach . 
 to keep from embarrassing myself and throwing water on their party , i got up and went to the window to check on the zombies . 
 they were doing nothing new . 
 i went to the door , opened it , and looked downstairs , it was quiet and the alarms were in place . 
 relax , zee . 
 go and have fun like the others . 
 if only it were that easy . 
 i closed the door and returned to the window . 
 the others finished their dinner and sat at the table playing charades . 
 jones was up acting like a monkey . 
 the others made several guesses and it never occurred to them to say , planet of the apes . 
 after a while , we turned in . 
 i shut the curtains , killing the moonlight and darkening the room . 
 one small candle burned as a light source and we took extra care to make sure it did n't give us away to the zombies . 
 before leaving the window , i looked out at the burning city and the roaming zombies with dread . 
 death could sneak up on us and snuff us out at any moment . 
 charley was first on guard duty . 
 he put his rifle over his shoulder and marched like a toy soldier . 
 i could hear giggles from brittany and jones beneath the covers . 
 i watched the shadows produced by the candles and lost myself in thoughts of home and family . 
 during the night , as i watched charley , his left hand shook . 
 he was standing against a wall with his gun over his right shoulder . 
 i watched and it shook again . 
 warning bells went off in my head and i knew what was wrong . 
 all night my body had been telling me not to relax and have fun because something was wrong , danger was near me . 
 this was what i was being warned about . 
 my rifle was next to me . 
 i eased my hand to it and unlatched the safety . 
 only my head showed above the covers so i was safe , charley could n't see what i was doing . 
 with care , i eased the gun up to my head and aimed at him . 
 he was turning into a zombie and i was going to take him out . 
 always trust your instincts ; they will never let you down . 
 brittany must have seen me , she screamed my name . 
 before charley could react , i was on him . 
 i raced to him with my gun up in his face . 
 likewise , he aimed at me with perfect timing . 
 we were having a mexican standoff . 
 `` zee ! '' 
 brittany got to her feet and ran next to me . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` he 's a zombie , britt . 
 i saw him turning . '' 
 `` zee , put the gun down . 
 he is not a zombie , it is only charley . 
 you were dreaming . '' 
 her calmness was n't working on me . 
 `` i saw it , he is a zombie and i am going to blow his fucking head off ! '' 
 charley was not afraid , i saw no fear in his eyes and that angered me more . 
 `` you better back off or you will be the one with a hole in your head . '' 
 `` you try it , just try it . '' 
 `` baker ! '' 
 jones shouted . 
 he was late to the party , but i could use his support . 
 `` he is a zombie , jones . 
 i saw him shaking like thompson did right before he turned . 
 that son of a bitch has been bitten and did n't tell any of us . '' 
 i held my gun higher . 
 `` baker , you back off , soldier . 
 you read me ? '' 
 `` he 's a zombie , jones . 
 do you hear me ? 
 he 's a zombie ! '' 
 `` maybe you 're the zombie , '' charley said as politely as he could . 
 he was trying to infuriate me and he was damn close . 
 `` you 're the one who has been off in her own little world tonight . 
 if anybody is changing it 's you . 
 how about it , jones ? 
 has n't she been the weird one tonight ? '' 
 jones looked at me and wavered , i saw it in his eyes . 
 `` i trust baker with my life . 
 she is part of my team until the day she dies . '' 
 `` thanks , jones . 
 britt ? '' 
 `` nobody is getting shot tonight . 
 do you both understand me ? 
 nobody is getting shot tonight . 
 now put the guns down and talk like reasonable people . '' 
 neither charley nor i eased our positions , it was a stalemate . 
 i was right and would not let another zombie get past me . 
 brittany went to charley and got him to lower his weapon -- i trained mine between his beady little eyes . 
 i longed for them to turn red so i could blast him . 
 she turned to me and tried to ease mine down . 
 i resisted and stepped back . 
 `` take your clothes off . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me , prove you are not a zombie . '' 
 i said to the wide-eyed , potential zombie . 
 `` no , '' said charley . 
 `` i 'm not going through this again . 
 people lie all the time . 
 you are not getting me killed . 
 prove you have not been bitten or scratched . '' 
 the words did come from me , as alien as they were . 
 i was asking a fully grown man to strip at gunpoint . 
 would the others ever do something so crazy ? 
 `` do it ! '' 
 jones barked . 
 `` let 's end this now . '' 
 he jerked the curtains open and let the moonlight filter into the room and shine its light of purity on all inside . 
 `` fine ! '' 
 charley handed his gun to brittany . 
 he looked at me with hatred , i did n't care , i had the truth on my side and was about to prove it . 
 he took off his shirt , kicked off his cowboy boots , removed his socks , and then his pants . 
 he stood before me in his underwear , white boxers . 
 he held up his hands to allow us to examine him . 
 jones , brittany , and i scanned every inch of his flesh for traces of scratches and bites . 
 brittany , in an effort to appease me , briefly left and came back with the cloth she used to wipe down our kitchen table . 
 she whispered an apology to charley and wiped areas of his body covered in dried zombie blood . 
 i kept my gun on him and watched with anticipation . 
 she cleaned a few areas and when no traces were found , he turned around to show his back . 
 again , brittany saw two places that needed wiping and performed her service . 
 no marks of any kind shone on the man . 
 she looked at me . 
 `` he 's clean , zee . '' 
 charley turned around , gloating . 
 it sent me into a frenzy . 
 i boiled with rage . 
 `` drop the underwear . '' 
 charley 's face contorted , but only for a second . 
 he smirked and dropped them . 
 he then turned around and back , before pulling them up . 
 `` satisfied ? '' 
 he started putting his clothes back on . 
 i was n't satisfied , not in the least , but he was clean . 
 something told me not to let it go . 
 `` i saw your hand shaking . '' 
 `` it 's from hitting the gun cabinet at the police station . 
 it tingles every once in a while . 
 you could have asked . '' 
 i lowered my gun . 
 `` oh , it 's just me that 's in question ? '' 
 his arrogance annoyed me . 
 we looked at one another . 
 then , all eyes turned to me , confusion on every face . 
 `` all right , '' said jones . 
 `` from now on , safety is number one . 
 we drop trou after every hand-to-hand fight . 
 dushell , you 're next . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said a shocked brittany . 
 `` you heard me , '' said jones , looking sorrowful . 
 `` strip . '' 
 brittany cast a look at me that would have burned me alive , if possible . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she said it more to me than to the others . 
 her teeth were together , face red with anger . 
 with that , she handed her towel to charley and glaring at me and me alone , she reached down and unlaced her boots . 
 she kicked them off and took off her socks . 
 glaring again at me , she took off her pants and threw them on the floor . 
 she then pulled her shirt over her head and threw it in my face . 
 i should have known -- she wore no bra . 
 she raised her hands above her head and shot me the dirtiest look she could muster . 
 charley got his reward for my mistake . 
 as brittany held her pose , he and jones , he in particular , took great pleasure examining every inch of her beautiful skin . 
 she turned around and they began again . 
 she then turned back and fixed her gaze on me . 
 `` do you want my panties , too ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i hope i had n't lost her as a friend , this was not what i intended . 
 to ease my guilt , i did the unexpected , `` i 'm next . '' 
 i gave jones my rifle and while brittany gathered her tossed items and dressed , i took center stage . 
 like brittany , i thought it best to start at my feet and work my way up , thinking it would be less of a peep show that way . 
 i bent over and unlaced and pulled off my boots and socks . 
 my feet had n't been free of boots in so long , it felt good . 
 i quickly undid and removed my pants and then my shirt . 
 unlike my friend , i had made use of our haul from the store and now stood before them in a blue , matching bra and panties set . 
 i held up my hands and after confirmation , turned to show my back . 
 jones told me to turn again and then i dressed . 
 he was the last to be examined and i was happy , none of us were bitten or scratched . 
 brittany glared . 
 jones looked solemn . 
 and charley smirked like the asshole he was . 
 one day i 'm going to kill him . 
 chapter eighteen sleep was impossible after that . 
 charley and jones went to check our perimeter , truth be told , they wanted to get away from me . 
 i was left with my friend and my stomach churned . 
 brittany and i sat with our backs against a wall with our knees to our chests . 
 i needed to apologize to my friend . 
 i searched my heart for words , they never came . 
 `` zee ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` you 're my friend and i love you , but you are a head case . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` god , zee . 
 how could you do that ? '' 
 `` i thought he was a zombie . '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 `` i did , britt ! '' 
 `` maybe you should examine your hatred . 
 you know , find out what is at the bottom of it . '' 
 i stayed silent , arguing would do no good . 
 `` are you going to say anything ? '' 
 `` what can i say ? '' 
 `` zee . 
 why did you do it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` why did you freak out when thompson died ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` did you sleep with thompson ? '' 
 `` god , no ! '' 
 `` it 's about feelings , zee . 
 you have feelings that you hide and when you do , they still come out , it just happens in a crazy kind of way that hurts everyone . 
 get a grip , zee , lighten up . 
 i mean ... what was up with you ? 
 we were laughing and blowing off steam and you were just ... i do n't know , zee . 
 it 's not normal . '' 
 `` the world is ending and you think i 'm not normal because i have priorities and do n't want to waste my time playing charades ? 
 i 'm the weird one , when you were playing with food , chasing it around the table instead of eating it ? '' 
 `` zee ! 
 stop it ! 
 stop trying to turn things around . 
 what you did was crazy . 
 if i had n't stopped you , you would have shot and killed an innocent man . 
 we 're a team , all of us . 
 yes , we are surrounded by danger and can die any minute , but that is no excuse to not live . 
 that is no excuse to not be happy and laugh . 
 no excuse to isolate yourself and pretend we have no priorities or feelings or common sense . 
 you have to do something to stay sane , we are doing that . 
 why ca n't you ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying , '' i uttered . 
 `` try harder . '' 
 brittany was not letting me get away with anything , she should n't . 
 i almost killed an innocent human being , one of the few left in the world . 
 i had no defense and every argument i wanted to use was flat and weak . 
 the boys came back , their laughter filtered through the door . 
 i would apologize as soon as he came in and do my best to act normal . 
 they rumbled the cans as they crossed them and laughed to themselves . 
 the door opened and they were all smiles . 
 immediately , i got to my feet . 
 `` i 'm sorry , guys . 
 i 'm especially sorry to you , charley . 
 i hope one day you can forgive me . '' 
 i waited . 
 the silence was killing me . 
 brittany took my hand . 
 `` hey , guys . 
 i want you both to meet my friend , zora . 
 if you become her friend , like me , you can call her zee . '' 
 my face reddened . 
 i lowered my head to hide my face , i wanted to die . 
 brittany enjoyed her torture . 
 the look on her face said she would n't stop . 
 `` zee is from a large family , her mother pushed out a dozen puppies . 
 and do n't forget mommy number two , she pushed out six . 
 yay , zee ! 
 now , i want you both to look at these hips and believe me when i say it -- she is a chip off the old block . 
 you ca n't go wrong with this one . '' 
 if i could have hung my head lower , i would have . 
 she reamed me out good . 
 i had it coming and kept telling myself not to freak out and act crazy . 
 i could do this , i could be fun . 
 the two people i trusted most had told me to relax and live for the day . 
 to enjoy life before it ended . 
 i needed to enjoy life . 
 `` now , we do n't want this young , buxom filly going to the glue factory all depressed and a sourpuss . 
 no ! 
 if we die tomorrow , this stallion is going to ride tonight . 
 can i get an amen ? '' 
 `` amen , '' said jones . 
 `` amen to the fillies , '' roared charley . 
 `` we 're all young , '' shouted brittany . 
 `` we 're all single ! 
 the world is burning ! 
 and we 're all going to hell ! 
 whoo ! '' 
 `` whoo ! '' 
 echoed the boys . 
 i stood laughing , red faced . 
 brittany continued , `` if we were near a club , i 'd be rocking tonight . 
 anybody got any music ? '' 
 `` no , '' said jones . 
 `` i got a substitute . '' 
 jones gave his famous grin and went for his pack . 
 we set the table up and patiently waited with our cups for him to pour us a drink . 
 `` to the brave men and women of the 59th , '' said jones . 
 we downed our first shot . 
 `` to friends who can whack the hell out of zombies , '' said charley . 
 we downed another shot . 
 `` to me , '' said brittany . 
 `` what ? 
 it 's my party . '' 
 we downed another shot . 
 `` make it good , girl , '' said brittany . 
 she gave me a wink . 
 `` to ... to the last man standing . 
 hooah ! '' 
 `` hooah ! '' 
 said brittany . 
 `` hooah ! '' 
 said jones . 
 `` hooah ! '' 
 shouted charley . 
 we downed another . 
 i gasped , my throat burned . 
 i was not the drinker my friends were . 
 tears filled my eyes and i coughed . 
 `` i do n't have any music , but i have an exciting game we can play , '' charley said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` truth or dare , the drinking version . '' 
 `` no , pick something else . 
 i hate that game . '' 
 charley gave it some thought . 
 he did n't get a chance to say anything , brittany answered . 
 `` strip poker , we have the cards , the table , and the bodies . '' 
 everyone immediately turned to gaze at me . 
 as if i had a problem with it . 
 i did . 
 i looked at their drunken faces , waiting for my timid response , hoping i would not be a wet blanket for yet another asinine suggestion . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'm game . '' 
 `` all right , '' said brittany . 
 the boys grinned at each other , afraid to reply , in case i had a change of heart . 
 jones poured another round and i could n't wait to wrap my hands around my teacup and gain some liquid courage . 
 only one of us ever played the game , so in a drunken stupor that took several minutes to complete , we agreed to basic rules . 
 jones nearly fell as he rose to emphatically state that only the winner kept their clothes on , the losers would each remove an article of clothing after each round . 
 charley suggested that for bets , we did a round of truth or dare ; he was determined to play his favorite game and would n't let it go . 
 we agreed to get play underway . 
 brittany and i excused ourselves and went to the bathroom . 
 when we came back , each of us had fashioned a hair scarf , wore an extra shirt , and proclaimed our weapons are jewelry and therefore clothing -- i had a knife in each back pocket and in each sock . 
 the boys moaned and groaned before adding their own changes to the aforementioned rules to even out the odds . 
 throughout the game , whenever brittany dealt the cards , i usually won . 
 i figured she was cheating for my benefit . 
 as the game progressed , i had the most clothes on , followed by brittany . 
 i should have spoken up and confronted her for cheating , the boys were too drunk to make a challenge . 
 on the one hand , a rigged game in my favor bothered me , but on the other , it 's nice to have a friend look out for you . 
 brittany knew me well . 
 she knew i was pushing the envelope and at any minute , would reach my limit . 
 thank god for brittany . 
 toward the end of our play , brittany had on a white tank top and red panties and had lost her hairnet , scarf , boots , socks , pants , shirt , and weapons . 
 i , likewise , was down to a blue shirt , blue bra , and matching panties . 
 since i was sitting , i surrendered my pants to keep my shirt . 
 though she cheated , i assume the boys were master cheaters and turned the tables . 
 they plied us with drinks and stories . 
 we could n't tell if they were lying or telling the truth , a perfect distraction for their hidden agenda . 
 charley was at the table in white underwear and jones was on top of the world wearing blue socks and shorts . 
 jones dealt and the betting began . 
 brittany took an easy dare and flashed jones . 
 on charley 's turn , his eyes found mine and his grin , insatiable . 
 `` truth or dare , zora ? '' 
 i eyed him up and down , knowing little about him . 
 i thought it best not to test the waters . 
 i had a winning hand and this would end it all . 
 `` truth . '' 
 `` if you came over and passionately kissed us both , i mean with tongue and all , who do you think would be the better kisser , jones or me ? '' 
 `` that 's not a truth , that 's a dare . '' 
 `` no , it 's not , i 'm not daring you to do anything , except tell the truth like you 've been wanting to . '' 
 `` i do n't want to do anything . '' 
 smug bastard . 
 `` zee , '' said brittany . 
 she was n't so drunk that she could n't slap me . 
 `` it 's a simple question , just answer it . '' 
 `` that 's not a question , it 's a dare and i wo n't . 
 i said truth and i meant truth . '' 
 `` zee ! 
 my god , girl . 
 it 's not earth-shattering news . 
 i mean for real ! '' 
 `` fine , '' i fumed . 
 `` jones would be the better kisser . 
 he has a heart . '' 
 i wanted my words to sting and make him feel as uneasy as i felt . 
 more than likely i flubbed my attack . 
 he smiled and leaned back in his chair . 
 `` all right , zee , '' said jones . 
 `` you 're up . '' 
 i racked my brain deciding who to go after . 
 of course , it had to be charley . 
 he only had his boxers and if he failed the challenge , i win . 
 if he succeeds , we show our cards , again , i win . 
 `` truth or dare , charley ? '' 
 a coy smile , `` dare . '' 
 asshole . 
 now , i had to rack my brain to come up with something good , something he would never do . 
 `` i dare you ... to kiss , jones . '' 
 i had him , victory was mine . 
 brittany and jones busted out laughing . 
 i will admit , i joined in . 
 to see the smug look wiped off his face thrilled me . 
 charley winked at jones . 
 he tried to hide it by putting his hand to his face , faking embarrassment , but i saw it . 
 he gave me another smile , one of those like thompson used to give me . 
 charley boldly rose and went to jones . 
 oh my god ! 
 no ! 
 he smiled at me , bent down , took jones ' hand , and looking at me , kissed it . 
 `` task completed , i win . 
 now , let me see , panties or shirt , a tough choice , indeed . 
 i think i better play it safe and choose the panties . 
 i would n't want you catching a chest cold , you know , pneumonia and all . '' 
 with every word he spoke , i boiled . 
 did he think he had me ? 
 `` i won , you did n't do it right . '' 
 `` no , '' thundered charley , `` i won ! 
 you said kiss him and i kissed him . '' 
 `` that was his hand ! '' 
 i shot back with all the boisterous anger i could muster . 
 `` well , '' he feigned surprise , `` i know he is your friend and you want to give him a treat , but where exactly did you want me to kiss him ? '' 
 he put his hand to his mouth in shock . 
 jones and brittany were at it again . 
 their laughter was loud and annoying , i wanted to knock them both out . 
 they were rolling , at my expense . 
 `` you bastard ! 
 you know i did n't mean it that way . 
 that 's not even the point , you cheated and you lost . 
 i won ! '' 
 i pointed , spit , and everything else , as i lost all traces of decorum . 
 the thing that infuriated me most was his calmness , the smug bastard . 
 `` no , i won , miss goody two-shoes . '' 
 i threw the cards i was holding in his face . 
 i picked up the ones near me and threw them as well . 
 charley lunged at me , and i at him . 
 we hit the floor and rolled around . 
 when we settled in one spot , my hands were wrapped around his throat and his around mine . 
 the intensity of the moment added energy to my grip and i wanted to kill him . 
 flashes of what he had done to thompson danced across my mind and i gripped tighter . 
 jones and brittany hollered , screamed , and tugged at us both . 
 none of it mattered to me , i was right and he was wrong and he was going to pay for it all . 
 finally . 
 in the end , they resorted to the most unusual tactic imaginable . 
 jones hit charley in the back with a baton at the same moment brittany struck me . 
 we both let go and groaned in pain . 
 brittany grabbed me and jones grabbed charley . 
 jones pulled him backward and dragged him into the large walk-in closet . 
 brittany held me tightly , squeezing the air out of my lungs , i nearly passed out . 
 `` britt ! '' 
 she let go . 
 `` sorry , you left me no choice . '' 
 common sense set in . 
 i took a deep breath and it hurt like hell . 
 i felt to see if i had a cracked rib , i did n't though it felt like i did . 
 `` my god , zee . 
 how could you ? 
 you are a head case . '' 
 heavy breathing was all i could manage . 
 it took all my focus to get my breathing under control so i could relax and think rationally . 
 when i did , i hated myself . 
 the full extent of what i had done hit me and i felt remorse . 
 `` i do n't know why i did that , it just happened . '' 
 i pulled myself up to the wall . 
 `` you know , zee . 
 hell , anybody looking could see it . '' 
 she was talking about thompson again . 
 i hate to admit it , she was right . 
 i blame charley for thompson 's death , i always will . 
 `` i 'll apologize in the morning . 
 it was the alcohol . 
 you know how it intensifies things ? 
 i got a little crazy . 
 from now on , no more alcohol , problem solved . '' 
 `` stick your head in the sand , '' said brittany . 
 the look on her face was of anger , not confusion , as if she meant it as a question . 
 `` that 's your answer ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sticking my head in the sand . 
 i get a little out of control when i have too much to drink . 
 it 's easy to fix , stop drinking . 
 problem solved . '' 
 `` look , zee . 
 we are living in hell for who knows how much longer . 
 you have a choice between living before you die , really living , zee , experiencing all that life has to offer . 
 or you can stick your head in the sand and be gloomy until death takes you . 
 i have made my choice , you make yours . '' 
 jones came out of the closet , picked up the table we knocked over , and sat down . 
 he dare not look at me , i felt awful . 
 brittany went to the table and sat next to him . 
 they lowered their voices and leaned in to talk to each other . 
 i could n't hear , but whilst they talked , brittany giggled . 
 even in these difficult times , brittany found something to laugh about , something to be happy about . 
 she and jones laughed quietly . 
 the fiasco the night turned into did n't bother them one bit . 
 i wish i could brush it off and began anew . 
 it 's a much happier world they live in than i. i looked toward the closet door , it remained open and no sound came from within . 
 i briefly wondered what he was doing and briefly allowed myself to wonder if he was in pain or asleep . 
 brittany and jones recaptured my attention with their giggles . 
 afterward , jones got up and closed the curtains , darkening the room again . 
 by candle light , i sat against the wall and watched him and brittany move the table against a far wall . 
 he then took her hand and led her to the pallet on the floor and they disappeared beneath the covers . 
 i heard the same giggling from the previous night and it dawned on me , this was n't a first for them . 
 they hid it so well and she never said a word to me , her blood brother . 
 i thought on what brittany had said earlier about living life with reckless abandon . 
 perhaps , she chose tonight to let me know and fully commit . 
 perhaps , she chose long ago . 
 i sat and zoned out . 
 i thought of thompson and how i felt about him and then i took an honest look at charley . 
 i tried to be scientific and stack the good and the bad and admit to painful truths . 
 i liked thompson and i liked how i felt when he touched me . 
 he made me feel special and i liked it . 
 i think i fought for his memory for those reasons . 
 taking a rational look at charley , i will admit he is attractive and tall . 
 his chest was a sculpture , a dream come true , and his blue eyes were dazzling . 
 i did n't know if feelings for him betrayed feelings for thompson . 
 i refused to consider or delve deeper into my psyche . 
 i was content to only skim the surface and admit i liked the man . 
 the last thing to do was to think about tomorrow and what if we died making our way to the camp . 
 how did i want to die ? 
 what did i want to be my last thought ? 
 what would be my last perfect memory before dying ? 
 i had already come up with the answer . 
 brittany 's soft sigh reinforced it for me . 
 for the rest of the night , zora was dead . 
 it was the only way i could think of to make the change . 
 tonight , i will live in the moment and tomorrow would take care of itself . 
 i got to my feet and walked to the closet . 
 inside , i found charley lying on the floor on a pile of clothes . 
 the closet was big and spacious , the size of the smallest bedroom in the house . 
 he turned and looked at me . 
 i read his apology in his face and smiled . 
 charley returned my smile . 
 i pulled my shirt over my head and closed the door . 
 to my surprise , the door creaked open a bit and candlelight flickered in the room . 
 i gazed into his eyes and found something there i had n't expected to find . 
 i lay on top of him and i kissed him . 
 i shut out the world , forgot all my hang-ups , and i lived in the moment . 
 thompson , i 'm dancing . 
 chapter nineteen someone kicked my foot . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i opened my eyes to bright sunlight . 
 i lie at the bottom of a pile of clothes on charley , i slept on his chest . 
 when my eyes focused , brittany and jones were standing in the door with wide grins plastered beneath their lying faces . 
 `` we do n't talk about the night , '' said jones . 
 `` get up for breakfast , '' beamed brittany , `` we leave in an hour , so do n't waste our precious time . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jones reached down and grabbed charley . 
 `` come on buddy , we have to check our perimeter and make plans . '' 
 jones pulled charley away from me and they left the room together . 
 i lie on the floor , looking at brittany 's smirk-filled face . 
 was she delighted to have seen a naked charley go by ? 
 had jones been delighted at seeing my unvarnished backside ? 
 i looked at her again . 
 was she delighted her scheme had worked ? 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 `` it 's almost noon . 
 we are going to eat and hit the road . 
 i told jones to get charley so there would n't be any awkward small talk . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 brittany looked disappointed with me . 
 she reached down and held up my bag . 
 tossing it to me , she said , `` get dressed , today is the day . '' 
 with that , she turned and left . 
 zora was back and brittany did n't like her . 
 i quickly dressed and ran to the window for a look . 
 zombies left during the night and only a handful remained , aimlessly walking up and down the street . 
 at the table , brittany had our meal ready to go . 
 she watched me come to the table and i read her expression easily enough . 
 i ignored it . 
 `` what 's for breakfast ? '' 
 first a look , then a head shaking , her only retort . 
 `` sardines and crackers for the journey . '' 
 brittany had n't opened any of the tins and chewed on a cracker while she stared out into space . 
 i needed to kill time so i took a moment to read the label on my can of sardines , checking its caloric chart . 
 it amused me and made me think of when it was that i last performed such a check . 
 if nothing else , zombies were women 's natural diet partner . 
 no woman in her right mind wonders how fat she is anymore , except in terms of how fast she can run away from flesh-eating monsters . 
 body image issues are a thing of the past , good riddance . 
 jones and charley came back from their perimeter check and joined us at the table . 
 naturally , charley sat next to me and jones next to brittany . 
 charley said a quick prayer for our safety and we began to eat . 
 i cautiously observed them all while trying to figure out my place in charley 's life . 
 i do n't mean to say i was planning on a white house with picket fence and the standard two kids with dogs . 
 it was more like : what do i say to him ? 
 do i thank him ? 
 do i pretend it never happened ? 
 do i not talk about it ? 
 does he want me to ? 
 he sat next to me , is that significant ? 
 i never read men my whole short life and other than charley , i had a boyfriend for approximately three days -- -- long enough for him to get the goods and get out of dodge . 
 yes , that 's me , no-experience zora . 
 before the end came , i had met a nice guy . 
 we dated off and on for three months without a deep commitment . 
 he never made a move on me and i liked him for it , however it did make me wonder if he maybe had a little sugar in his tank . 
 that 's my mom 's way of putting it ; she hated saying the words , gay or homosexual . 
 it does n't matter now . 
 zombies ate him as he came through the door to rescue me . 
 he was simple and expressed his feelings . 
 charley , on the other hand , said very little . 
 perhaps his being next to me , it could be his words , could n't it ? 
 i decided i would not push it and keep silent . 
 we kept silent and ate . 
 after breakfast , jones placed a map on the table . 
 `` we 're here and this is where we need to go . '' 
 `` are we going by road ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jones pointed away from the road . 
 `` we have encountered zombies near the road at every turn . 
 we will cut across the fields and travel away from them . 
 it will take longer , but may be a safer route . 
 look guys , if one of us does n't make it , the rest have to continue and make it to safety . 
 if we run into zombies and one of us is surrounded , the rest do not help , we keep moving . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 we looked at one another . 
 we understood , but did n't want to say it or promise it . 
 `` if i 'm surrounded and ca n't get away , '' said brittany , `` i do n't want to be eaten or turned . 
 i want all of you to promise me right now you wo n't let it happen . 
 promise me you will shoot me and spare me the horror . '' 
 `` britt ? '' 
 `` promise me , zee . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` and you , charley . '' 
 charley looked sad , but reluctantly agreed . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 brittany turned to the man beside her , saving him for last . '' 
 jones ? '' 
 jones grinned . 
 `` you do n't have to ask , i 'll gladly put a hole in your head . '' 
 `` make it count , '' she smirked , `` right between the eyes . '' 
 `` no doubt , '' said jones . 
 he looked longingly into her eyes and caressed the back of her hand for a brief second . 
 `` are you expecting zombies ? '' 
 i asked more to break up the uncomfortable moment than for a reply . 
 they were making me sick . 
 i could throw caution to the wind for a moment only ; embarrassment embedded itself into my core being and would require an exorcism for removal . 
 `` don and ruthie were not on the road , '' said jones . 
 remembering thompson 's words , i blurted , `` the zombies we find in the country will be stronger and take longer to take down . 
 that will increase our chances of someone getting hurt . 
 would n't it be better to stick closer to the roads ? '' 
 `` how is that better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the city zombies will be easier to kill than the country zombies . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked brittany , unaware of the new term i coined . 
 `` the newest zombies will be in the country . 
 they will be stronger and take longer to kill because they have recently turned . 
 i would rather fight a dozen weak ones than one strong one . 
 there is a greater chance of us getting killed with the country zombies and i do n't know about you , but i got somewhere i need to be . '' 
 jones ' face soured . 
 i saw the blood rushing to his face , once again regret filled me . 
 i had a bad habit of challenging my commanding officer . 
 back at camp , it was cute , here in the real world , it was n't . 
 his fist clenched , closing around the map . 
 i hoped the others were looking elsewhere and did n't see what i saw . 
 when he spoke , i knew it would be sharp and edgy . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` baker , follow orders and let me worry about our route . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 that 's the army , follow orders , good or bad . 
 i wish i can remember how that story went about the soldiers who marched to their death , that 's how i feel . 
 we packed and gathered by the front door to make our escape . 
 we discarded the contents of one of the duffel bags and jones stuffed it with small pillows from around the house . 
 it was odd . 
 i wanted to ask about them , i could n't , i had reached my daily allotment for challenges . 
 i told myself he is our leader and he knows best . 
 jones was good and so far , our lives were safe in his hands . 
 now was not the time for a mutiny . 
 besides , the one lesson i learned from him was to look at the big picture , he always did . 
 jones left first , followed by brittany , charley , and once again i guarded our rear . 
 this time i would be sure to shut the door in case we needed to retreat . 
 i kicked myself . 
 zombies are n't intelligent and ca n't read . 
 if i had been thinking , i would have left a note on the door alerting anyone who passed by that the house was a safe zone . 
 literally a safe zone , i had never felt safer than in this place . 
 instead of a note , i shut the door , checked it , and then blew it a kiss as i hurried to catch my team . 
 jones led us along a similar route as the last and i glanced at the burned houses , their embers still aglow . 
 over the rise we went . 
 so far , the stray zombies we saw were moving opposite us and we stayed behind buildings until they passed . 
 we came to a small hill and at the top , saw a small shack in the distance . 
 the others made their way to it while i defended our six . 
 jones whistled to me . 
 i journeyed to the shack . 
 they had n't gone in , they lay flat on the ground , looking ahead . 
 below us , zombies were rummaging around an overturned truck , i counted six of them . 
 i checked our left and right , no other zombies were present . 
 i lay on the ground and low crawled to my team . 
 charley looked at them through jones ' binoculars . 
 something delighted him , he chuckled lightly to himself . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that truck might run , '' said charley . 
 `` there is no lower carriage damage . 
 maybe zombies flipped it over to get at the people . '' 
 `` batons only , '' said jones . 
 `` we take them out and take a look . 
 it 's worth it if we can get the truck running . 
 baker , you stay with our bags and watch our six . '' 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` follow orders and watch our six . '' 
 venom filled his words . 
 the sweet lovable friend left with the morning meal . 
 i should have known . 
 it was my fault as usual . 
 i needed to learn the core lesson , the number one lesson a soldier must learn : never question your superior . 
 i lay the fault at the army 's feet , they knew what they were getting when i signed up . 
 jones did n't have to be mean about it . 
 i watched them perform a move i had seen many times . 
 with batons high , they began their descent to the truck . 
 brittany was last to leave . 
 she turned and without words , smiled at me . 
 her magical smile was like the sun falling on a darkened land , it warmed me throughout . 
 a second look at my crawling friend revealed a curiosity ; she did n't crawl with a baton . 
 instead , she moved along the ground with her zombie crushing lead pipe . 
 the truck was half a mile away , tilted on its side in what looked like a ravine . 
 together they crept to the truck and in a furry , beat the zombies to death . 
 i saw charley go around the front and fear welled in me . 
 i was concerned with his safety . 
 the emotion took me by surprise and i could only connect it with last night 's activities . 
 i could n't be concerned about this man , i had plans and he was n't part of them . 
 i kicked myself for getting involved in the first place . 
 why did i ever listen to brittany and thompson ? 
 i was the only person who had my best interests at heart . 
 i could n't afford distractions and would never call it by any other name than that . 
 distractions were dangerous and if not nipped in the bud , could get you killed . 
 then it came . 
 from behind me a soft groaning sound filtered down to me . 
 there was no time to cringe , no time for fear . 
 i turned as a zombie was bending toward me , mouth fully open and salivating . 
 i kicked up as hard as i could , knocking the zombie back . 
 a quick check of its eyes revealed a small red ring around the outer edge of his eyeball . 
 he was new , a country zombie . 
 i had been right all along . 
 jones should have listened to me . 
 for a split second , i was distracted by my gloating . 
 i had already planned the victory speech i would deliver to jones , face to face . 
 the zombie came at me again and i scrambled to get to my feet . 
 fighting was n't what i wanted to do . 
 i preferred a bullet through the head from a distance away . 
 i stood defenseless , unable to get to my pack and a weapon . 
 unable to get to any of the packs standing behind the zombie . 
 i lunged at it . 
 the strategy had worked in the past , why change now ? 
 careful not to fall into its clutches , i pushed it backward while gripping its arms . 
 as it howled and fell backward , i managed to stay upright and readied for my next assault . 
 with the zombie on the ground , i reared back and kicked as hard as i could . 
 my boot went through its skull in one try . 
 the difficult part was extricating my foot from the mess of its head . 
 i should have turned my head and not looked , i did n't . 
 green slime covered my boot . 
 more tapioca styled , green-tinted , zombie brains made my boot a heavy , stinky mess . 
 it smelled like a cesspool . 
 i shook it off as fast as i could . 
 the sight and smell equally made me sick to my stomach . 
 if not for my friends being in mortal danger , i would have fallen to the ground , vomiting . 
 there was no time to think about poor little me . 
 i scanned the area for more zombies , i saw none . 
 he must have been a stray . 
 i hurried to my bag and pulled out my sawed-off shotgun . 
 i cocked it . 
 i would be ready for the next one and blow its head clean off its shoulders . 
 any part of it that remained would get my steel-toed combat boots . 
 a whistle let me know jones was calling . 
 i looked to him and he waved me down . 
 brittany was coming toward me , i waited for her . 
 `` i 'll help you take the bags down , '' she said . 
 `` what are we , a butler service ? '' 
 `` you and me both , it 's the army . '' 
 `` yeah , more like this man 's army . '' 
 we chuckled and moved toward the others . 
 before i could stop them , strange words flew out of my mouth . 
 `` how 's charley ? '' 
 brittany waited a moment to answer . 
 did she know she was torturing me ? 
 `` he went to check the battery . 
 if it 's good , we will turn the truck back over . '' 
 i wanted to thank her for not teasing me . 
 i was having trouble defining what charley and i were . 
 brittany stopped and gave me a surprised look . 
 `` what 's on your boot ? '' 
 she looked behind us and searched for a moment . 
 in her face i saw recognition . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 it took a moment for her to pose the next question . 
 `` did it bite or scratch you ? '' 
 `` no , and i will be happy to submit to a test . 
 we are going to have to do it by nightfall anyway . '' 
 without another word , brittany marched on . 
 she tried to stay a step ahead of me . 
 i met her challenge and stayed with her . 
 then i saw it , i saw her expression from the side of her face . 
 she was worried about me . 
 it was more than worry , the lines running across her forehead were thought lines . 
 i wondered if she was planning my funeral , or better yet , was she planning my execution . 
 we made the pledge to take out one another , would she stick to the pack ? 
 `` britt ? '' 
 brittany stopped . 
 she would n't turn and face me so i walked in front of her to meet her face to face . 
 `` i 'm fine , i swear . 
 the zombie never laid a hand on me and i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 `` do n't tell them . 
 it 's hurting you and i do n't want them hurt as well . 
 promise me you want say anything . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 brittany sped up this time and reached the truck before i could say another word . 
 she carried three bags and managed a sprint athletes would find envious . 
 `` charley , does it work ? '' 
 brittany blurted . 
 he and jones had been in deep conversation . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` looks like we are going to have to hoof-it , '' said jones . 
 `` what about the inside ? 
 did anyone check for anything useful ? '' 
 `` nothing worth taking , '' said jones . 
 `` not here or in the shack . 
 let 's move out . '' 
 we began walking again . 
 we were moving away from the road , keeping an eye on it to our left . 
 our way remained clear for the next hour . 
 we were going deeper and deeper into the country and fears crept up in me . 
 this was dangerous . 
 these country zombies would be strong and the goal was to kill them without weapons . 
 it made me question why we went to the police station in the first place . 
 guns were our friend , not the enemy . 
 my m16 was my best friend , faithful for life . 
 up ahead , trouble . 
 we saw a small camper rv with a small truck next to it . 
 i would have preferred we kept going ; they made a b-line toward it . 
 they stopped behind trees and waited for me to catch up . 
 four zombies acted as a guard for the property . 
 they moved as a unit back and forth in front of the camper . 
 something seemed odd about the little group , their different sizes and heights , and their movements sent up a red flag . 
 i could n't put my finger on it . 
 i needed to get closer to them to figure it out . 
 `` baker ? '' 
 i hid behind a tree i felt large enough to hide me . 
 the others had done the same and now my leader called . 
 i stuck my head out ; thank god zombies did n't shoot guns . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 he waved me to him . 
 it must have been a universal signal because we came as a group to him . 
 `` baker , '' whispered jones . 
 `` let 's test your skill . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 my response , automatic , beaten into me by my comrades . 
 i watched as he opened the duffel he packed the pillows inside . 
 he held up a small one with the picture of the sun on it . 
 the pillow was light green and showed a fiery sun radiating out to the world . 
 i looked at him with confusion . 
 he smiled . 
 `` it 's a muffler for your rifle , dummy . 
 take it out and set up . '' 
 brittany helped me . 
 i pulled out my gun and set it next to the base of the tree . 
 i did n't have a stand and instead used loose bricks to approximate one . 
 brittany told me she had a surprise and after checking everyone 's bags , she returned with a delightful grin on her angelic face . 
 `` guess . '' 
 `` britt ! '' 
 `` sour puss . '' 
 brittany handed me jones ' binoculars and held up tape . 
 i thought she had to pee from the movements she displayed . 
 she held a roll of tape and did a little celebration jig . 
 i wo n't call it dancing , not unless she meant it as a joke . 
 `` get down here , you nut . '' 
 she taped the makeshift scope to my barrel and i chose a target to test it on . 
 jones put the pillow to my barrel and held it while i fired , off by two inches . 
 i nodded my head , indicating i was ready and took aim at the aimless . 
 back and forth the zombies went as if former soldiers still fixated on a long-lost mission . 
 they could n't have been soldiers , they were various sizes and one was short and round . 
 through my scope , i took aim . 
 jones placed a second pillow over the muzzle and i was ready . 
 i squeezed the trigger and hit a tall zombie in the head . 
 my adjustments were perfect . 
 i watched the bullet go through its skull and he fell in silence . 
 the remaining zombies stopped for a minute , then continued their pacing . 
 jones held up another pillow and i took aim at the next . 
 a zombie fell . 
 feathers flew out from the pillow and we took cover . 
 though the bullet made no noise , the rising feathers would surely give us away , marking us for death or a juicy meal . 
 fear surged in me and adrenaline boosted my heart rate . 
 i could n't see in front of me and watched the feathers as they began their descent . 
 i prayed they would be quick about it and they complied . 
 with no noise or zombies heading our way , we breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i shot jones a look and he shrugged . 
 moments later , he grinned ear to ear and held up three fingers . 
 round three . 
 my gun had fallen over . 
 after placing it back in its stand , i readied for the next target . 
 i had taken out the tallest two zombies , one of which was portly . 
 i fixed my sight on the tallest of the two dwarf zombies . 
 i waited for jones , readjusted for his tension , and fired . 
 before i could aim at the next , gunshots rang out . 
 `` down ! 
 down ! 
 down ! 
 down ! '' 
 jones did n't have to scream it from the top of his lungs . 
 we were down with our heads covered . 
 `` where is it coming from ? '' 
 `` the camper , '' said brittany . 
 jones looked at her , `` go ! '' 
 i shuddered . 
 brittany moved quickly . 
 like a snake , she slithered around the side of the tree and was out of my sight . 
 i did n't have time to wish her well or look into her eyes , in case it was for the last time . 
 fear took me , followed by anger . 
 i looked at jones beside me with his head in the dirt and hands over his head , protecting himself so he could survive , while my friend marched into harm 's way . 
 i wanted so badly to say something or stab him with one of my many knives i had n't had a chance to use as of late . 
 i looked at the back of his neck , it would be so easy to take him out and claim gunfire . 
 he must have sensed my staring , he turned his head and looked up at me . 
 `` baker ! 
 soldier ! 
 get down ! '' 
 he yanked me to the ground -- i had rose , searching for brittany . 
 he threw me further behind the tree and lay on top of me , pressing me into the warm dirt . 
 i felt his warm body above mine and listened to the sweet sound of his heart . 
 it somehow filtered down to me and took residence in my ears , drowning the gunfire . 
 the gunfire stopped . 
 jones got off me and pulled me up beside him . 
 we heard a whistle , brittany . 
 we came from behind the trees and walked toward the camper . 
 i thought of the last zombie and then i saw it . 
 directly in front of us it lay . 
 looking up , i saw brittany standing over a man 's body and charley was right beside her . 
 i had forgotten about charley . 
 we walked down to take a closer look . 
 `` this was the asshole firing at us . '' 
 brittany kicked the dead man , hard . 
 `` why was he firing at us ? 
 you would think he would be grateful for us removing the zombies so he could get away from here . '' 
 `` he was n't going anywhere , '' said charley . 
 `` why ? '' 
 charley 's face contorted as he pointed to the four dead zombies around us . 
 `` they 're his family . 
 the guy was crazy . 
 he was protecting them from us . 
 i could n't slit his throat fast enough . '' 
 i was shocked by the revelation . 
 that was a first . 
 the small zombies were n't dwarfs after all , they were children . 
 so many times i have tried to protect myself by whispering inside my head , `` do n't do it , '' like all those times before , i did n't listen . 
 i went to the nearest body , knelt beside it , and turned it over . 
 i could n't tell from the face , but from the long stringy hair , it was a young girl . 
 `` oh god , not again . '' 
 my first instinct was to look for a bullet hole in her head . 
 it was n't necessary , her skull had a hole in it and next to me was a boot with green goo on it . 
 `` you missed one . 
 do n't worry , i got her . '' 
 brittany touched me on my shoulder . 
 i hope she felt my gratitude . 
 chapter twenty charley was at the truck with jones . 
 they had the hood up and were busy . 
 `` they were his family ? '' 
 i said absently . 
 brittany shook her head . 
 `` yes , it 's what he was screaming . 
 i got the kid while he was firing in the trees and when he came out to get me , charley was right behind him . 
 the guy came out hollering about his family . 
 can you believe it ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 the guy had lost it , that 's for sure . 
 i did n't linger on it . 
 i looked at charley working on the truck with newfound appreciation . 
 i had forgotten about him , but he came through for my friend , and for me . 
 any awkwardness i felt about last night vanished . 
 he was more than a hero . 
 i daresay he was my champion and lover . 
 `` baker , '' shouted jones , `` get our packs and throw them in the back of the truck . '' 
 `` you got it going ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 neither of us heard it running . 
 i stayed an extra second to hear his response . 
 `` the battery is good and it has gas . 
 the problem is the connection . 
 charley is taking a cable from the camper . 
 once done , we will be ready to go . 
 i need the two of you on alert , i 'm sure the zombies heard all the noise . 
 why do n't you two go scout at the edge of the perimeter ? '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 we turned to leave . 
 i had a thought and turned back . 
 i looked at the camper 's wheels , they were all flat . 
 i turned back to carry out my task . 
 `` hey , do n't forget the bags . '' 
 `` we got it , '' said brittany . 
 she winked at him and we were off . 
 it took a minute for us to throw all our bags in the back of the truck , even now , we could hear distant howling and zombie screams . 
 brittany and i traveled toward the screams . 
 we went up a rise and to the top of a hill and lay flat on the ground watching them . 
 zombies were coming our way and if charley did n't get that truck running in the next few minutes , we were all dead . 
 i should n't say dead , that 's an exaggeration on my part . 
 more than likely , we could be turned to increase the numbers of their growing hordes . 
 we could wage a successful battle and get away with modest scratches and bites , only to turn days later . 
 or if they were really hungry , they could eat us , i 'm sure we would make a tasty treat . 
 i looked at the masses coming toward us like ants scurrying up a hill in large numbers . 
 the faster zombies ran and screamed while the slower ones walked at a hurried pace , howling . 
 i wondered if their howl was to tell the faster ones to slow down and wait for them . 
 i tightened my grip on my rifle , taking a moment to weigh my options . 
 charging into them would be a waste of time and our lives . 
 i did n't need to ask brittany 's permission , she would gladly take the risk . 
 no plan leading to our death would be worth following , i needed something that might work , if only we had artillery . 
 `` let 's get back , '' said brittany , `` there is nothing we can do here . '' 
 she must have read my mind . 
 `` all right . '' 
 we hurried back in time to hear the roar of the truck 's engine . 
 the joy that sprung up in me is indescribable . 
 we were going to camp brandt , i was going to simon . 
 brittany broke out in a run ahead of me . 
 with a quick sprint , i caught her and the race was on . 
 side by side we ran , laughing , seeing a brighter future for us both . 
 the horn blew . 
 we gave a burst of speed and we were there . 
 winded and out of breath , i struggled to make sense . 
 `` th-the-they 're coming , in mass numbers . '' 
 jones grim look echoed charley 's . 
 `` get in the back , you 're our six . '' 
 `` right , '' said brittany . 
 she hopped into the bed of the small pickup . 
 `` i 'm right behind you . '' 
 i hopped in and as the truck sped away , we rifled through all the packs , searching for weapons and ammo . 
 brittany and i loaded the guns , put spare clips next to us , and arranged our order for firing the weapons . 
 charley drove fast and rough . 
 we tossed from side to side and braced best we could . 
 he tore across the area , away from the zombies and toward the road . 
 as jones had predicted , zombies were near the road , using it for marauding purposes . 
 brittany 's look was stern . 
 she was something : her chin stood high , nose crinkled , lips in a sneer , and blond hair tied in a ponytail with stray curls from her sides blowing in the breeze . 
 brittany yelled and mowed down dozens of zombies chasing us as we made our getaway . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 jones stuck his head out from the passengers ' side window , raising his voice . 
 `` we need that ammo . 
 take out the ones that get close to us , screw the rest . '' 
 brittany did n't look pleased , but she followed orders . 
 laying off would not be easy , we were going to have to work at it . 
 i took aim and shot zombies close enough to get into the truck . 
 the farther we went ; it became clear brittany had the rear covered . 
 i got the bright idea of turning around and leaning against the cab , the wind was brutal , almost blinding me . 
 how dogs did it , i have n't a clue . 
 i squinted best i could , i determined to make it work , it was a good idea . 
 i put my rifle on the hood , waited to adjust to my new position , and picked off any zombies ahead of us . 
 it was working . 
 we were dropping zombies all over the place . 
 i looked back and saw brittany picking off the fastest of the zombies . 
 they came from the sides and tried leaping into the truck . 
 she took aim with a steady hand , waited until the time was perfect , and fired . 
 i shook my head , brittany enjoyed herself . 
 i turned back around to scan ahead . 
 i hit a zombie , then charley drove over it . 
 the bump sent me flying backward into the bed of the truck . 
 i braced , but hit the bed hard . 
 i groaned afterward and tried to get to my feet . 
 a flying zombie stopped me and knocked me back down . 
 like a mad woman , i screamed and started thrashing about . 
 not like a typical ditzy girl , like a veteran soldier : i screamed , punched , and kicked all at the same time . 
 i hit the zombie with purpose and force . 
 my training took over . 
 if they could see me now , they 'd give me a commendation medal for heroism . 
 brittany stopped firing . 
 she stood over me with this insane look of confusion , no it was bewilderment , or maybe disgust , i do n't know , perhaps a combination of all three . 
 i broke off my attack . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` defending myself . 
 hell ! 
 what does it look like ? '' 
 `` it looks like you 're an idiot . '' 
 the zombie did n't put up a fight ; most of it was off me . 
 it was n't trying to bite me or eat me . 
 brittany kicked the rest of the zombie off me . 
 i looked at it . 
 it had a bullet hole between its beady , little , red eyes . 
 something i should have noticed , perhaps i was being a ditsy little girl after all . 
 how was i going to live this one down ? 
 crazy girl fights dead zombie . 
 the truck screeched to a halt . 
 brittany flew backward , almost falling from the back . 
 i got to my feet to see what the matter was . 
 i saw hordes of zombies ahead of us . 
 they were n't moving -- they were blocking the road . 
 they numbered in the hundreds . 
 the zombies were in the road and on both sides for what looked to be one or more city blocks on each side . 
 i quickly turned to our rear and saw no zombies . 
 brittany had done an excellent job , the road filled with rotting carcasses . 
 inside the cab , charley gripped the steering will , unsure of how to proceed . 
 his hands were sweaty and when he wiped his brow , i saw a slight quiver in the hand . 
 jones gulped . 
 i looked to his chest to see if his heart beat as fast as mine . 
 jones breathed deeply , his chest heaved . 
 jones got out of the truck . 
 how insane was he ? 
 how insane was i ? 
 i made sure no zombies were sneaking up on us from the rear , then hopped out , landing next to him . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 jones put his hand to his chin . 
 `` it 's a trap , '' his voice low and edgy . 
 `` can you be sure ? '' 
 `` they herded us this way on purpose , '' said jones . 
 `` i thought they had no intelligence . '' 
 brittany stood next to me , looking at the massive number of killers in front of us . 
 charley saddled up next . 
 `` it does n't take much intelligence to want dinner . 
 well , boss . 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 jones pondered for a moment . 
 `` they 're not moving toward us . 
 they know we have nowhere else to go , that takes intelligence . '' 
 `` i do n't care how smart they are , what do we do ? '' 
 panic set in . 
 i did my best to resist and for a while , it worked . 
 `` we go back , '' said jones . 
 `` back ? 
 are you kidding me ? '' 
 brittany aided me . 
 `` why would we go back ? '' 
 jones reddened . 
 `` we ca n't go forward . 
 look at them ! 
 go back is all we can do . '' 
 i thought of simon . 
 my one last chance to see him , to be with him , was evaporating . 
 `` no , i 'm not going back . 
 i 'm fighting my way through or by god , i will die trying ! '' 
 `` baker ! '' 
 `` do n't baker me ! 
 i 'm not going back . 
 we 're too close . 
 i say we mow them down . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me , mow them down . '' 
 jones pointed to something on the side of the road , something i could n't see . 
 `` stand on the back of the truck and look by that far-off tree . '' 
 i did as he suggested and when i looked , i saw zombies around four scattered cars . 
 the overturned cars had their doors ripped off . 
 the windshields were all shattered and blood stains splattered the cars and nearby grass . 
 zombies were feasting on something or someone and my heart sank . 
 it dawned on me what had happened . 
 others had tried running over the zombies and sheer numbers stopped them . 
 the zombies overturned the cars , smashed the windshields , broke down the doors , whatever it took to get at the scrumptious meal inside . 
 i felt dejected . 
 simon would have to go on without me . 
 if we left now and had enough gas , we could possibly make it back to our safe house . 
 life there was n't so bad . 
 i had charley and brittany had jones . 
 we could make it work . 
 the local zombies did n't bother us and if thompson was right , and i know he was , we could wait out the virus and eventually all the zombies would die . 
 making the occasional raid on the store would keep us in supplies . 
 it could work . 
 i could talk myself into a good life here , i could . 
 i did n't have to . 
 i looked at the zombies and hope sprang in my soul . 
 i saw a way to victory , i saw a way ahead . 
 `` jones ! 
 come here ! '' 
 jones climbed into the back of the truck and stood next to me . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` look in the right center of the road . 
 see how thin they are there ? 
 we can punch through , i know we can . '' 
 `` that 's what all those people thought too , '' he pointed to the cars for emphases . 
 i would not be deterred and argued my point . 
 `` they did n't have what we have . 
 we are soldiers and we have a plan of attack . 
 brittany and i shoot a path through them and charley drives over them . 
 we drop them like flies and if we muzzle the sound , the others wo n't move , just like at the camper . 
 we make a road and ride over it . '' 
 i sounded convincing , i would buy it . 
 anxiousness overtook me waiting for his response . 
 `` well ? '' 
 jones ran his hand through his hair . 
 `` if they agree , so will i. '' my heart fluttered . 
 `` brittany ! 
 charley ! 
 get back here ! '' 
 they climbed in and looked out at our enemy to make sure they were n't advancing , they were n't , and soon we would be advancing on them . 
 `` what ? '' 
 they asked together . 
 `` i have a plan . '' 
 i pointed to the weakness i saw and made sure they saw it as well . 
 `` we back up and get a running start toward that hole . 
 we shoot the zombies with silencers and they fall , the rest will keep their place waiting for us to come to them . 
 when we make it to them , we will have cleared a path and made a road we can drive on . 
 it will be too late for them to get at us . 
 and if you look past them , you do n't see anything but clear road . 
 it can work . '' 
 the skeptical look on brittany 's face gave me pause , especially when she looked to jones for confirmation . 
 i ca n't say whether she trusted him because she slept with him , or the fact that he was our leader , neither satisfied me . 
 `` it 's up to you guys , '' said jones . 
 `` it may work , it may also get us stuck and killed . '' 
 why did he have to add that last part ? 
 `` it will work , '' my confidence soared . 
 charley read it in my face . 
 `` what the hell , i 'll do it . '' 
 brittany 's eyes met mine . 
 `` drop trou . '' 
 the idea floored me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 echoed charley . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 jones looked at her worse than i did . 
 `` i think she 's infected and may be leading us to our deaths . 
 a zombie attacked her at the camper . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 asked jones . 
 the rage on his face sent my heart into panic mode . 
 `` why did n't you tell us ? '' 
 asked charley . 
 he too , displayed that face of mistrust . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 if you do n't want to go , you do n't have to . 
 i am going to camp brandt to be with my brother and i am not letting a pile of zombies or you stop me . 
 you want to go back , be my guest . 
 i 'm going forward , alone if necessary . '' 
 my impassioned speech had no effect on brittany . 
 she quickly raised her rifle , centering the barrel between my eyes . 
 great , another standoff . 
 `` britt ! '' 
 `` you want us to follow you ? 
 you prove you have no infection and will not lead us into a trap . 
 they can communicate and they are organized . 
 how do we know you are not in contact with them ? 
 prove it and i will follow you . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not doing anything . 
 you do n't have to come with me . 
 you can all go back and live safely in the safe house until hell freezes over . 
 i 'm going forward . '' 
 `` jones , '' said brittany . 
 `` did we or did we not make a pledge to strip after hand-to-hand combat ? '' 
 jones turned his brown eyes on me . 
 `` we did . '' 
 i huffed . 
 `` fine , damn it ! '' 
 do n't ask me why , but i checked to verify the zombies could n't see me . 
 then i began , this will teach me not to question others . 
 i went fast and twirled once . 
 they shook their heads in agreement and accepted my ambitious plan . 
 our stockpile of ammo ran low . 
 charley drove and this time , jones joined us , he stood in the middle and held pillows at an odd angle to both our barrels . 
 brittany and i took aim and fired silently into the pack of zombies . 
 two zombies fell , their brains gushing out onto the pavement . 
 the rest stayed in place or walked around them , never advancing . 
 perfect . 
 jones readjusted the pillows and we took down two more . 
 to our surprise , it worked flawlessly and then toward the end , our shots could be heard , the pillows were no more . 
 `` hang on to something , '' said charley . 
 charley gunned the truck at the zombies . 
 jones joined us and we fired away . 
 the zombies were breaking up , howling and coming our way . 
 we kept firing and charley kept driving . 
 at the last instant , he jerked hard right and we were up on top of the zombies . 
 our new roadway was lumpy and we clung to the sides as the truck tilted left then right . 
 the plan went better than i expected it would . 
 we had cleared a path and the approaching zombies were tripping and falling over the ones we shot . 
 from time to time , we kicked a stray zombie that managed to get too close . 
 those that got a hand on the truck got it slammed for their trouble . 
 though we kept firing , each of us had a baton , except brittany with her ever-loving pipe of death . 
 those closes , we whacked and those with beady eyes got a bullet between them -- for good luck . 
 near the end , our path was clear ahead . 
 we had cleared out the immediate zombie threat and breathed a welcome sigh of relief . 
 then it happened , the truck spun and spun , smoke pluming from the rear left tire . 
 jones went to investigate . 
 jones yelled back , `` we 're stuck between two swished zombies . 
 you 're making peanut butter man . '' 
 `` hold up , charley . 
 cover me , britt . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i got you . '' 
 i went to have a look with jones . 
 he had gotten out of the truck and was trying to move a zombie from the tire . 
 i helped . 
 occasionally i heard a shot , brittany was on her job and i felt better . 
 together , we tried to move the mess made by the wheel with no success . 
 of all the things to happen , who would have thought this would do us in ? 
 i never counted on swished zombies , it was like road sludge or being in a mud hole . 
 zombie goo covered our hands as we worked with the mess . 
 `` send charley back here and drive the truck . '' 
 jones ordered . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i ran to the front to relay the message , wiping the disgusting stuff off my hands as i went . 
 i waited until they said ready and then i stepped on the pedal . 
 the truck 's wheel squealed and smoke shot in the air . 
 brittany 's rifle shot into the crowd and we were rocking . 
 an instant later , we were moving . 
 the truck sped over the remaining zombie roadway and then we were back on normal road surface . 
 i drove a little farther , then screeched to a halt . 
 my outside mirror told the tale . 
 my team battled zombies . 
 they were surrounded and soon would be invisible to me . 
 my stomach dropped , not from the sight , from my thoughts . 
 my fingers wrapped around the steering wheel , it would be so easy to keep going . 
 i won , i made it through and simon was ahead , waiting for me . 
 i heard them , screaming zombies closing in . 
 i hesitated . 
 i did n't want to go back . 
 they needed me and i could n't abandon them . 
 i put the truck in reverse and backed up , full speed . 
 i do n't know how many i ran over , it was quite a few . 
 i blew the horn and my team leaped in the back . 
 i put the truck in drive and floored it . 
 i 'll be damn if i get stuck now . 
 we tossed and turned as i went over the bodies , this time it was n't so bad , i had smashed them the first go round . 
 as soon as we were back on solid ground , the ride smoothed out and we barreled down the road as fast as the little old truck would take us . 
 a few stray zombies wondered across the road , i hit as many as i could without putting us in danger . 
 i erratically drove and ca n't say for certain where i was or what state i was in . 
 had we crossed the border from missouri to arkansas ? 
 i could n't tell . 
 i was jumbled up and zoned out , not reading signs or paying attention to landmarks . 
 my tunnel vision allowed me to see the center of the road in front of me and any stray zombie that wondered in my field of vision . 
 i snapped out of it somewhere around cherokee village , to its west , that was the direction jones said the camp was in . 
 i went down the road and saw a huge building with a big gate . 
 overhead , our flag blew in a light breeze . 
 chapter twenty-one we made it to the gate . 
 i had never been so happy to see the military in my life . 
 pulling up to the big gate and reading the sign welcoming us to camp brandt were awesome . 
 my hands were shaking so bad i was losing my grip on the steering wheel . 
 i brought the truck to a stop at the outer gate and a guard waved me forward . 
 the gate opened , they had electricity , outstanding . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 the guard asked me . 
 i was put off by the guards in front of him , the ones aiming the m16 's at us . 
 `` four . '' 
 `` go inside and stay to the right , a guard will guide you to quarantine . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he motioned me forward and past him . 
 i approached the guards with trepidation ; none of them returned my friendly wave or smile . 
 instead , they trained their weapons on me and watched as i slowly went forward and turned to the right . 
 fear gripped me . 
 i could not make mistakes with this lot . 
 i tightened my grip on the wheel and followed the path laid out for me . 
 i made it to the area and parked . 
 i stepped out of the truck to check on my team . 
 they were awfully quiet and i admit i had forgotten about them . 
 i longed to see my brother and kept his image in my head as i drove . 
 everything else disappeared as i remembered every joke , every story , every laugh i was a party to with him . 
 it would be good being with him . 
 charley , brittany , and jones had their hands up and were standing in the center of the truck bed . 
 four guards pointed rifles at them . 
 `` zee ! '' 
 brittany 's expression worried me . 
 she was afraid they would kill them and so was i. two guards came behind me . 
 i felt a barrel in the center of my back . 
 it nudged me and i immediately put my hands in the air . 
 the soldier with the gun in my back shoved it forward . 
 `` move , that way . '' 
 `` zee , i have to tell you -- '' brittany began . 
 `` hey ! 
 get down and march , slowly , no talking . 
 move ! '' 
 `` it 's okay , britt -- '' the soldier behind me shoved the barrel deeper into my back , `` shut up and march . '' 
 since they would n't allow me to talk , i tried to calm brittany with a smile . 
 there was nothing for her to worry about , we made it and we were alive . 
 still , fright covered her face and that was unusual for her . 
 i glimpsed the others and they too worried . 
 maybe it was the truck , it was covered in green blood and guts , possibly body parts , maybe that is why they treated us so badly . 
 it will be all right , zee . 
 you made it and simon is waiting . 
 i walked at gunpoint to a cell between the inner and outer gates . 
 it is reasonable for them to quarantine us . 
 i had no problem with it . 
 the thought then occurred to me that my friends had no one waiting on them as i did . 
 though it was the army , it is a new world for them and some fear is in order . 
 i hoped they would get over it soon . 
 good times were ahead . 
 my guard led me to a door and made me open it . 
 i did and went inside . 
 i found it was not the one-room cell i believed . 
 it was a small room with a metal table and two doors at the far end . 
 an overhead light shined on the table . 
 now , i was worrying . 
 images of mad scientists ran through my head . 
 i stood by the door , not wanting to venture forward to find what awaited me . 
 after a while , a speaker buzzed from the ceiling and i shook . 
 in a split second , camp vix appeared in my head and i found myself in the basement cell struggling to keep the wall from moving and throwing me into the clutches of a female zombie . 
 words came from the speaker , i did n't understand any of them . 
 fear held me . 
 maybe brittany was right to be afraid . 
 maybe she knew they would do this to us . 
 `` move forward to the head of the table , '' the calmer i became the clearer the voice became . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` move forward to the head of the table , '' said the voice , `` please . '' 
 the added incentive made me move . 
 i moved as slow as possible , a zombie could jump out at me at any moment . 
 i reached to my back as casually as i could , my knife felt hard as i ran my hand against its handle . 
 i walked forward a bit faster with more confidence . 
 if a zombie or a maniac jumped out at me , it would be their last jump . 
 `` a doctor will be in to examine you shortly , '' said a softer female voice . 
 i suppose its purpose is to put me at ease , it did n't . 
 i looked for hidden cameras in the ceiling . 
 `` underneath the table are drawers . 
 the top drawer contains bath towels . 
 you will undress and take a shower . 
 the door ahead of you on your left is a shower . 
 when you have finished , the middle drawer contains shirts and the bottom , pants . 
 a doctor will then see you . 
 please move forward and get a towel . '' 
 `` who is talking ? '' 
 `` please move forward and get a towel . '' 
 sorry , i 'm going to be difficult . 
 `` i 'm not doing anything until you answer me . 
 who is talking ? '' 
 dead silence . 
 i worried , but i did n't budge . 
 the door to the right opened . 
 two people in what looked like decontamination getups came into the room . 
 they moved slowly in big bulky suits that carried their own oxygen supply in a small tank on their back . 
 from between them , two soldiers in camouflaged fatigues appeared . 
 the first , an older soldier with jet-black hair , held a metal nozzle . 
 i traced its end to a long metal tube that turned into a thick white hose , a fire hose . 
 the other held a rifle he pointed directly at me , unflinching . 
 `` you can voluntarily take your shower or these gentlemen will assist you , '' said the first man in the contamination suit . 
 i eyed them all . 
 what i was doing made no sense . 
 simon was on the other side of the door and i was arguing about taking a shower , something i had n't done in who knows when . 
 brittany 's face came to me and the scared look she had on her face as she left . 
 something told me to be wary of these people and it would n't let me relax . 
 immediately , my knife made an appearance . 
 eyes went wide . 
 `` private jolly , hit her . '' 
 the soldier with the hose aimed it at me . 
 the last thing i saw was his evil smile and crooked teeth as water shot at me with a force that knocked me back against a wall and to the floor . 
 i lost consciousness . 
 i woke on a metal table . 
 i did n't have to see it . 
 i felt the distinctive cold metal surface . 
 i raised my head to look at my body , fear pumped through my veins , someone had dressed me . 
 i was in a white long sleeve shirt , green pants , and i wore no shoes . 
 if i could move , i would kick myself all over the room for being stupid . 
 who knows what they did to me while i was out . 
 did they touch me ? 
 i could barely move and managed to tilt my head in a way where i could see down my shirt . 
 i saw a bra , thank god for that . 
 i looked further for marks and did n't find any . 
 i shut my eyes tight and tried to go over my body for signs of something , anything . 
 i pictured myself having an out-of-body experience where i floated over my body to examine myself for unusual marks . 
 try as i may , i felt nothing unusual . 
 i was n't sore , so that ruled out them performing an unwilling surgery and implanting me with god knows what . 
 why did i resist ? 
 now , i 'm unarmed . 
 maybe i could have kept my knife if i had cooperated . 
 i struggled to free myself and could n't . 
 strapped to the table with large bands around my waste and legs , i could barely move . 
 two smaller bands held my arms in two places . 
 `` hey ! 
 hello ! '' 
 i twisted more and then prepared to shout more , i would scream my head off until i went hoarse if necessary . 
 the door opened . 
 a man in white doctors ' clothing came in carrying a chart on a clipboard . 
 he pulled up a chair and then looked over my body before sitting in his chair . 
 `` my name is doctor flitall , i need to ask you a few questions and then we can place you . '' 
 `` place me ? '' 
 `` one of the others said you were a soldier , is that correct ? '' 
 `` untie me . '' 
 after a brief stare down , he undid my arms so i could sit . 
 `` i 'll do the rest when we finish . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you were armed with a knife and reached for it during your decontamination . 
 we have to protect a whole society , so if you are crazy , we have to restrain you . '' 
 `` i 'm sane . '' 
 `` name ? '' 
 `` zora baker . 
 i have a brother , simon . 
 he should be here , have you seen him ? '' 
 he ignored my inquiry and wrote on his clipboard . 
 `` rank ? '' 
 `` private , first class , member of the 59th strike team out of camp vix , the screaming eagles . 
 simon baker , have you seen him ? '' 
 again he ignored me . 
 `` any bites or scratches ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you should already have the answer to that one . '' 
 he glanced up at my body before writing a new paragraph . 
 i tried to look to see what he wrote , my restraints made it impossible . 
 `` are you going to untie me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the man looked me over and then left . 
 i struggled to free myself and then the man i did n't want to see came into the room , dr. blake . 
 `` miss baker , '' he said , `` let me tell you a key rule at this facility . 
 if you harm any human , execution is automatic for the crime . 
 there is no prison and no defense lawyer . 
 we are all that remains of our society and like our gardens , we root out the weeds . 
 if you cause trouble , we will kill you or throw you out , those are the facts of our new world . 
 do you understand what i have said to you ? '' 
 this man seemed as if he were reading me my rights , as if arrested ; only these were new rights for a new world . 
 he glared at me waiting for my response . 
 i thought how easy it would be to remove his glasses and use a piece of it as a weapon to stab him with . 
 i saw it in a movie once . 
 i ca n't think of the name of the movie , but it thrilled me . 
 `` do you understand , miss baker ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 you will work the gardens during the day and guard duty on the south wall at night . 
 your supervisor 's name is glessman , sandra glessman . '' 
 he wrote on his clipboard and left the room . 
 seconds later , a soldier came in and released me . 
 his crooked smile told me i had met him before : the same evil leer , the same yellowed teeth , the man with the fire hose . 
 as he loosened my straps , my first inclination was to kick him . 
 i thought of the rules and resisted . 
 he had to hurry and leave me , my willpower was fading fast . 
 i gripped the sides of the table tighter than i should have and swung around to sit up . 
 a surprise visitor saved the day . 
 `` zee ! '' 
 simon ran toward me . 
 i hopped off the table , gave a shove to the man , and ran for my brother -- i 'll claim it was the excitement of simon and apologize , if i got into trouble for it . 
 i owed him one and i like to pay up . 
 `` simon ! 
 my god , simon ! '' 
 i knelt down and hugged him too tightly . 
 he gasped for air . 
 he 'll get over it . 
 i needed to hug him a little while longer . 
 i broke my hug and looked at him . 
 my hands flew all over him checking for injuries , checking for growth , just checking . 
 he was with me again and i needed to make sure he was real . 
 `` hey , zee . 
 i 'm glad you made it , i knew you would . 
 they kept saying you were dead , i knew better and told them so . '' 
 `` yes , you did . '' 
 i hugged him again . 
 `` uh-hem , '' the soldier cleared his throat . 
 i looked up and gave him my death look . 
 how dare he interrupt us ? 
 who did he think he was ? 
 `` i have to take you to the gardens , and you young man , i believe you have a class to attend . '' 
 simon reddened , he had always been bashful . 
 `` yes , jolly , i remember . '' 
 simon smiled at him . 
 `` hurry along , they are waiting for you . '' 
 this soldier had kind words for my brother . 
 it enraged me more . 
 from what he did to me , he was not one of the good guys and had tricked my brother into thinking he was . 
 i wanted to attack him . 
 if not for simon , i would have . 
 simon volunteered a hug , it caught me off guard . 
 my death match with this stranger had taken my focus off him . 
 `` i 'll see you later , zee . '' 
 he hugged me again and then he left . 
 i felt empty . 
 the emptiness had to be filled with something , and this soldier ; the one who had hosed me with pleasure , which had probably undressed and dressed me with pleasure , he filled the void nicely . 
 i got to my feet , ready to challenge him . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he held up a hand to me , anticipating my attack . 
 `` simon has missed you and it would be a shame if you died moments after your reunion . 
 do n't forget doctor blake 's warning , they are true and we follow them to the letter . 
 this way , '' he handed me a pair of boots . 
 `` no more freebies . '' 
 his look was strong . 
 he caught the move i had made and was giving me a pass . 
 i smiled and took my boots . 
 my choices were to follow him or to attack him for unknown crimes . 
 i played it smart and followed . 
 he led me out through several buildings to a big house , the garden . 
 as we approached the structure there was no mistaking it for anything other than a greenhouse . 
 the walls had windows of various sizes and shapes throughout . 
 no doubt collected from abandoned houses . 
 a layer of plastic covered the rest and once inside , i would be able to see if the roof was glass or plastic . 
 the soldier held the door open for me . 
 why do they always have that sick smile and grubby teeth ? 
 his taunts would n't win today . 
 i had my brother and we would never separate again . 
 i gave my best sarcastic smile and went inside . 
 sure enough , a collection of windows formed the roof . 
 the design , charming and inspirational . 
 i could see myself working here , it would be peaceful . 
 `` you must be zora . '' 
 i turned in time to greet the approaching hand of a small woman . 
 she wore a blue pantsuit with black flats . 
 grey hair fell around her shoulders , framing an oval face . 
 i shook her soft hand . 
 `` yes , i 'm zora baker from camp vix . '' 
 `` it is so nice to meet you . 
 may i call you , zora ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm sandra glessman . 
 call me sandy . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` you can go now , jolly , '' by her tone , she liked him as much as i did . 
 we could be friends . 
 `` come , zora , let me show you my world . '' 
 sandy led me around and gave names for everything she pointed to . 
 it all sounded technical so i assume she was a botanist . 
 the garden resembled a football field in size . 
 most of it tilled into neat rows , though i saw no tiller . 
 she explained how they grew hardy vegetables and told me which grew best and why , i paid no attention . 
 it was good enough being there . 
 i did n't need to learn how it all worked . 
 simon was my focus , being with him and keeping him safe . 
 we went to a new section holding herbs and others for medical purposes . 
 i would be working in the other section , but if i proved myself , this is the advancement that awaited me . 
 thrilling . 
 `` excuse me , sandy , '' i interrupted her spiel . 
 `` do you know my brother simon , simon baker ? '' 
 `` i do n't believe so . '' 
 `` i need to find him . 
 he mentioned something about studies or a class he had to attend . 
 do you know anything about that ? '' 
 she crinkled her small face in deep thought . 
 `` he might be in a safety class . 
 they teach the older children how to fight and when they 're old enough , they join the army . '' 
 that did n't set well with me . 
 i was all in favor of him learning how to protect himself , but not forced to join the military . 
 `` what 's wrong , dear ? 
 everyone has a part to play . 
 survival comes at a price and those that do n't contribute are a drain on us all . '' 
 sandy must have been reading my mind . 
 it was eerie . 
 `` i plan to teach him how to defend himself . 
 forcing him into service is n't right . '' 
 her look of shock told me that neither she nor their system had ever been questioned before . 
 her mouth hung open and her eyes were saucers . 
 she blinked and they went back to normal . 
 then she smiled and i had seen enough of those smiles to be on guard . 
 now , i will watch what i say and keep a lookout for anything suspicious . 
 her look told me something was wrong . 
 i would get to the bottom of it . 
 `` i 'll walk you to lunch . 
 perhaps your brother will be there and you can confirm he has n't been drafted into slavery . '' 
 sandy was good . 
 it takes someone of her maturity to throw poisoned darts while facing you with a happy smile . 
 sandy led the way and i followed . 
 my mother was quite the expert , like a stepford wife with a blowgun . 
 i knew to be wary of her and it transferred to this fiftyish small woman with gray hair . 
 this time , i looked around to gauge my surroundings . 
 the fort was impressive . 
 camp brandt had a high wall surrounding it with guards who walked its top , armed with m16 's . 
 a central tower , three stories high , was the main attraction . 
 surrounding it were campers , tents , makeshift houses , and others . 
 the greenhouse garden was against one of the far walls and at the base of the other , an outdoor garden . 
 we went into a large tent that once inside , transformed into a long cafeteria style room of brick and wood . 
 at least a hundred people were present , talking over one another . 
 the odd thing : over half of them were people of color . 
 and for the first time in ages , i saw human children . 
 they were playing , running around their table instead of eating . 
 several adults were shouting and demanding they sit , but the children laughed and ran . 
 what a great sight . 
 this was home . 
 i can be a farmer by day and a guard by night , i can do it , i know i can . 
 `` zee ! '' 
 i whirled around and saw him and like before , my heart raced . 
 simon was waving at me . 
 he shouted my name several times . 
 i left sandy and went to him . 
 we hugged in front of his table and then he introduced me to his friends . 
 simon sat at a table of early teens , those aged ten to fourteen . 
 i shook hands with six girls and two boys . 
 i was so happy to see them that i could n't remember any of their names . 
 simon was about to explain something when sandy came behind me and tapped me . 
 `` we only have a few minutes for lunch , let the children eat . 
 i have more to explain to you . '' 
 `` i 'll see you tonight , '' said simon . 
 `` we stay on the east side , in the central tower , miss sandy will show you . '' 
 `` all right , you be good . '' 
 i do n't know why i said it , it felt right to me . 
 `` i will . '' 
 simon looked bashful . 
 i might have gone too far with the parental thing . 
 the girls had grins plastered across their faces . 
 i left with miss sandy . 
 i thought she told me she did n't know my brother , liar . 
 we are no longer friends . 
 she led me to a table and she talked the whole time , explaining rules and regulations and the proper way to do things . 
 i tuned it out as best i could . 
 my goal was to get through the day and see simon tonight . 
 lunch blows when the food is crap . 
 my metal tray contained mashed potatoes or its equivalent , a mystery meat that smelled vaguely like chicken , and a piece of cornbread . 
 i should say that the bread was the most appetizing and the smallest item on the tray . 
 i ate part of the meal and returned with her to the garden . 
 she gave me a break later in the day . 
 she told me to take five -- her mistake . 
 in the real world that can mean anything . 
 i took it to mean i had all day . 
 i dropped the hoe and high tailed it out of the garden . 
 i was going to see simon . 
 my soul purpose in coming to this place was to get him and they think that a short visit would do the trick ? 
 no way in hell . 
 i sprinted from the gardens toward the center building . 
 i stopped when i saw children going into a side door toward the back of the facility . 
 with guards out in front , it was better to go to the rear . 
 i ran after the children . 
 i made it to the side door , it would n't open . 
 i shook the stubborn doorknob with both hands and shook as hard as i could , nothing . 
 i looked for a new way inside ; i was n't going to be denied access . 
 i found a window at ground level . 
 it was small but if i squeezed hard , i could fit through . 
 i laid flat on the ground and slid toward the window . 
 three quick breaths and i exhaled and shoved myself through . 
 i rolled on top of a crate and landed on the floor with a thud . 
 i got up and went to the door . 
 i did n't feel good , there was a twitching on my right side , no time to worry about it now . 
 i moved forward . 
 i peeked through the door and saw the children . 
 simon was with them . 
 i opened the door more and it creaked loudly so i stopped . 
 i would view them from here . 
 i had a feeling something sinister was going on and i was going to get to the bottom of it . 
 i was lied to and that did n't set well with me . 
 i watched as a row of children , boys and girls , stood in a line . 
 to their right was a table with instruments on it . 
 i studied the faces of the children to figure out what was happening . 
 they looked relatively happy and contented , some of them were a bit antsy like they were waiting for christmas presents and could n't stand still . 
 at the top of the room were two soldiers and then i saw him , doctor blake . 
 something within me burned , he was evil incarnate . 
 it had nothing to do with him being black . 
 i knew evil when i saw it . 
 he called the first child forward , a boy . 
 simon was behind him and stepped in front of him . 
 he yelled he was first . 
 the younger boy gave him his position . 
 doctor blake smiled . 
 the old man was like a proud parent and i again questioned his relationship with my brother . 
 why on earth would my brother want to make this man proud of him ? 
 one of the guards opened the door between him and his comrade by pushing a button . 
 the door opened and a zombie came out of it . 
 my heart dropped . 
 zombies , here in the complex ? 
 zombies in the heart of the securest building here . 
 my knuckles turned white , gripping the door . 
 normally , i would run into the room and save my brother , i did n't , i needed to know what was going on . 
 my breathing picked up and i kept watching . 
 unless simon was in immediate danger , i would stand down . 
 railings were on either side of the door . 
 the zombie could n't get to the machine gun-toting guards . 
 they did n't even look worried , if anything , they looked disgusted . 
 maybe they knew that person previously . 
 the zombie howled and moved forward . 
 it ran toward simon with its arms outstretched , drool running down its chin . 
 before i could move , simon did . 
 my brother grabbed a machete off the table and with a deadly howl of his own , charged the running zombie . 
 simon leaped in the air and with one whack , the zombies head rolled across the floor . 
 simon stood proud as he faced blake . 
 he held up his weapon and blake nodded . 
 at the same time , the children screamed and jumped for joy . 
 simon went over and picked up the head and threw it in a metal bin and stepped to the side . 
 i looked at his face . 
 i could n't move . 
 i could n't go to him and hug him and tell him it would be all right . 
 i stood glued to the door watching while my mind raced . 
 a growl brought me out of it . 
 another zombie came through the door . 
 the boy who gave simon his turn was running low at the zombie . 
 he was n't as tall as simon and chose a tactic of taking out the enemy 's height . 
 his machete sliced the zombie 's leg and it fell forward , groaning . 
 the boy came back around and stood over the zombie and with another whack , he beheaded his enemy . 
 more roars went up from the crowd . 
 the doctor calmed them down and then my hand moved . 
 the door creaked and they heard it . 
 i ran for the exit . 
 as i reached the exit i heard gunfire behind me . 
 i leaped on the crate and pushed myself through and took off running . 
 more gunfire sounded behind me , but i was long gone . 
 i did n't stop running until i made it back to the garden 's door . 
 at the door , i came to a screeching halt and lightly turned the doorknob . 
 sandy stood glaring at me . 
 `` i had to use the bathroom . '' 
 i had no idea how long i had been gone and used the best excuse i could think of . 
 my chest heaved and sweat ran down the side of my face . 
 sandy looked at me , not buying one word of what i was selling . 
 `` next time , go to the back of the garden , the bathrooms there work nicely . '' 
 `` i will . 
 thank you . '' 
 she scoffed and walked off . 
 i went back to where i had been working and picked up my hoe . 
 i spotted blood on my hand and wiped it off . 
 i assume it came from the window . 
 i worked hard while thinking of the children . 
 once in a while , sandy would come by and disappear again . 
 she would not find me missing again . 
 i greeted her with a warm smile on each occasion . 
 the day went faster than i thought it would and then sandy led me to my living quarters . 
 sandy opened the door to a camper and motioned for me to enter . 
 inside , i found a couch and table , nothing more . 
 `` does it meet with your approval ? '' 
 sandy 's condescending tone was to remind me of my earlier transgression . 
 `` where will simon sleep ? '' 
 `` the children 's center . 
 it 's on the bottom floor of the castle . 
 oh , that 's what we call the central tower . 
 the children live there . 
 you can see him from now until when you go on guard duty tonight . '' 
 `` i want him here with me . '' 
 i squared my shoulders and looked as menacing as i could . 
 sandy grinned and then chuckled . 
 `` i 'm scared . 
 the children stay there . '' 
 i looked harsher at her . 
 `` even if you cut my throat , he stays where he is . 
 you are only a sister . 
 there are mothers and fathers who have no choice but to accept the arrangement . 
 the children are our future and must be protected . 
 if we fall , they have a chance to survive . 
 do n't you want to give your brother those extra minutes of precious life ? 
 or would you rather he be exposed in here ? '' 
 sandy was on a roll and she knew it . 
 she stepped closer to me , to twist the knife . 
 `` do you really love him , enough to let him live , if you should die ? '' 
 she had me . 
 `` of course , i do . '' 
 she won and her grin reflected the victory . 
 round one to miss sandy . 
 `` may i see him , now ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 on the south wall is a giant clock , you have two hours until guard duty . 
 spend it well . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 sandy turned and left . 
 i walked through my little home to look it over and then i was out the door . 
 this is a big place and i was anxious , so i broke into a light sprint to get there faster . 
 i did n't need help finding the castle , it stood in front of me , a beacon for humanity 's safety . 
 i stopped when i came near people , did n't want them to think an insane person ran amok within their walls or something worse . 
 while walking , i happened to look at the high wall and saw the clock sandy referred to . 
 according to the clock , the time was 4:30 . 
 i have two hours for my visit . 
 that would make my guard duty start around six or seven tonight . 
 i could live with that . 
 chapter twenty-two i stopped in front of the tower , two guards stood at the entry double doors . 
 calling it a castle was no joke , it was . 
 true , i had never been inside an actual castle , but the feel of it seemed right . 
 the building was solid brick on the outside with huge double entry doors made of steel , standing ten feet tall . 
 the outside guards wore exquisite uniforms with bright colors and fancy hats , an honored position . 
 i glanced at the side before advancing to the main doors . 
 two soldiers stood guard by the window i had used . 
 they do n't know it was me , if they did , i would be arrested by now . 
 my mind flashed to simon and then to the stupid thing i had done . 
 they can throw me out . 
 there was no time to linger on it . 
 i had to get to simon . 
 i moved forward to go inside and the first guard blocked my path , stepping in front of me . 
 his height and weight dwarfed mine , so fighting my way through would not work . 
 charm might . 
 `` hello , i 'm zora baker . 
 i 'm here to visit my brother , simon baker . '' 
 i smiled my best seductive smile . 
 he looked me up and down carefully . 
 if i could read his mind , i might cringe , but i began the game so it was n't his fault . 
 `` are you armed ? '' 
 `` no , '' a bigger smile this time . 
 `` the children are our future and must be protected . 
 submit to a search and you may pass . '' 
 i did n't like the sound of that , if it got me to simon , i would submit . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i held my arms out to my sides and looked him squarely in the eyes . 
 if my look said anything , it said , no funny business , mister . 
 the second guard came behind me and carefully searched while the other held eye contact with me . 
 i stared into hazel eyes and remained as rigid as possible . 
 this is nothing , i 've been through worse . 
 when satisfied , the first guard stepped aside and i entered the building . 
 inside , light filtered in through small high windows . 
 i stood in a wide hallway with three doors twenty feet in front of me . 
 it was quiet and i felt as if i were in a library as i slowly walked forward to the tall doors ahead of me . 
 i stopped and read the writing . 
 the center door 's sign warned of no entry by unauthorized persons , i assumed that meant me . 
 to my left , the girls ' dormitory and to my right , the boys ' , i excitedly turned the boys ' doorknob , doing my best to stop the shaking in my hand . 
 a jumble of emotions soared through me . 
 i entered into another hallway and all joy squelched from inside me . 
 in the center of the hallway hung a body , a zombie corpse strung up from the ceiling rafters . 
 someone had placed a pan below it to catch its drippings . 
 i instinctively put my hand to my nose to keep away the smell . 
 how could this be ? 
 the door at the end of the room opened and sound filtered to me , happy sounds of children laughing , screaming , and playing . 
 i looked to the door with my hand over my nose and saw a young girl waving at me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i walked around the zombie and went to her . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` remember me , hannah mutton ? '' 
 how could she stand there like that ? 
 all smiles without her hand over her nose . 
 her bewildered look gave way to ridicule as she glanced behind me at the hanging zombie . 
 she shook her head and opened the door wider , motioning me forward . 
 i went through the door . 
 i stopped her . 
 `` hannah ? '' 
 i ca n't say i smelled the corpse ; i did n't want to give myself that thrill . 
 now with the door shut , i breathed in the surrounding air with exuberance . 
 `` is n't this the boys ' dormitory ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said hannah , giving me a strange look . 
 `` should n't you be next door ? '' 
 `` yes , but we can come over during the day . 
 dorm curfew is n't for another hour . 
 do you remember me ? '' 
 hannah wore a simple blue dress with pants . 
 she had on a pair of black boots that had a silver tip on them . 
 i can only assume she wore steel-toed boots . 
 her hair was dark brown and pulled back behind her with a white scrunchy . 
 her small round face beamed at me , wanting recognition . 
 `` you sat with simon during lunch . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i searched my mind , wondering if she had been one of the children in the room with the zombies . 
 i believe she was , but i could n't question her about it or i would give myself away . 
 they might be looking for me . 
 `` hannah ? 
 why is there a zombie hanging in the hallway ? '' 
 `` that 's peter kelly . '' 
 `` you know it , i mean him ? '' 
 hannah 's expression altered to wide-eyed amazement . 
 `` he was bad . 
 they warned him not to be out after curfew and he left . '' 
 `` he left ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 he sneaked out to meet with his fiancee rhonda hillson . 
 they were lovers . '' 
 her cavalier attitude took me by surprise . 
 i appraised her and believed her to be roughly twelve years old . 
 what did she know about lovers ? 
 maybe they were stealing kisses . 
 hannah continued with both dread and excitement etched into her face . 
 `` it happened last week . 
 they did n't like it here and rhonda 's mom was leaving and taking her away . 
 peter sneaked out to go with them . 
 they were hiding in this old house surrounded by zombies . 
 when the guards found them a day later , silvia , that 's rhonda 's mother , she had bitten this huge chunk out of peter and was eating rhonda 's leg . 
 poor thing , they had to shoot her in the head . '' 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 `` it 's all true . 
 they killed four zombies in the basement of the house . 
 peter turned the next day and they killed him . '' 
 `` wh-wh-why would they hang him in the hall like that ? '' 
 hannah 's shocked face was for me , not peter . 
 `` you ca n't leave here , zombies will get you . 
 this is our home now , not out there with zombies . '' 
 `` you 're children , hannah , how could they do that to children ? '' 
 she puffed up her chest and stared at me . 
 `` i 'm not a child . 
 i 'm the world 's future . '' 
 this was n't going anywhere . 
 she may not be old enough to understand the concept of a dead zombie hanging in a boys ' dormitory , dripping into a pan . 
 how could they pass by that every day ? 
 `` that is not a good lesson to teach children . 
 zombies are everywhere . 
 they could have just said that . '' 
 the little girl puffed up again . 
 `` we 're not children , we 're the future . 
 i killed a zombie , more than one . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my brother , he was a zombie . 
 i killed him . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 i knew my voice went high and cracked , i could n't help it . 
 her words floored me . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she tried comforting me . 
 `` he was n't my brother anymore . 
 he was trying to eat me . '' 
 hannah said it with attitude , like i had no sense of why she would kill her own brother . 
 there was also a mixture of pride in her tale . 
 she had accomplished something extraordinary in her short life . 
 her face made it clear she was gearing up for another tale of horror . 
 i sprang into action . 
 i could n't tell if she truly was one of the children i had seen earlier and frankly did n't want to know . 
 `` where can i find simon ? '' 
 `` follow me . '' 
 `` okey dokey . '' 
 she ogled me . 
 i thought i might lighten the mood , i was wrong . 
 her small hazel eyes flicked back and forth , scanning my face . 
 she turned back around and continued walking without further comment . 
 it was strange , this place was strange . 
 she led me and never dropped the confused expression she held . 
 we went around a corner , down a hall , and around another corner before coming to a door . 
 hannah knocked in rhythmic fashion . 
 the door flew open and simon came into view . 
 `` hey , zee . '' 
 `` hey , simon . 
 you up for a visit ? '' 
 `` yeah , come on in . '' 
 `` i 'll see you later , simon . '' 
 `` see you , hannah . 
 thanks for bringing zee . '' 
 `` un-huh , '' she waved bye to simon and gawked at me before leaving . 
 `` nice girl . '' 
 `` yeah , she is . '' 
 now that we were alone , i hugged him again . 
 `` sorry , i ca n't help it . 
 i missed you . '' 
 `` i missed you , too . '' 
 simon 's room was small , matchbook small . 
 the room held a tiny bed , a desk and chair , and a basket . 
 nothing hung on the walls . 
 a candle burned on the desk and an overturned book lie on the unmade bed . 
 i sat on the bed and looked around again , in case i missed something the first time . 
 `` well , '' said simon , `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` nice . 
 what gives about the zombie in the hallway ? '' 
 i had not meant to say that , the words tumbled out before i could stop them . 
 i 'm still trying to correct that bad habit . 
 i could n't very well ask him what he was doing with a machete and why he had bloodlust in his eyes . 
 `` hannah did n't tell you ? '' 
 he knew me too well . 
 `` yes , but i want to hear it from you . '' 
 `` that 's peter . 
 he was fifteen and a fool . 
 he got himself killed for no-good reason . 
 now the rest of us know to be careful and not be a fool like peter . '' 
 `` love does n't make you a fool . '' 
 i do n't know why i was arguing with him . 
 my guess is that i did n't want him to lose his humanity . 
 to pass by something like that daily would desensitize him to zombies and reinforce love is for fools . 
 not only that , but to have a training class where zombies are brought in for children to kill , how barbaric . 
 simon surveyed me like hannah . 
 i obviously did n't get it . 
 they had adjusted to their new world while i was out fighting zombies . 
 together , they had grown up and i had missed it . 
 `` how are you , zee ? '' 
 oh god , here comes the shrink talk . 
 `` i 'm fine , doctor spock . 
 how about yourself ? '' 
 simon chuckled . 
 `` zee , it 's not bad here . 
 these are good people and we are the future . 
 one day zombies will be gone and we will start again , you know , like adam and eve . 
 all of us . 
 we will go forth and multiply . 
 i want florida , how about you ? '' 
 i laughed harder than i had laughed in a long time . 
 i hugged him again . 
 he knew how to make me laugh , the smarter of the two of us . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think i 'll go for louisiana . 
 i 've always liked the word ` bayou ' and i would have the gulf of mexico all to myself . '' 
 simon burst into laughter . 
 hearing his laughter made my heart somersault . 
 `` that 's a big backyard . '' 
 `` yeah , if bored , i could get in my little rowboat and pop over to mexico to one of those fancy resorts and live it up . '' 
 we talked for ages and finally , a loud bell sounded . 
 simon stopped laughing at my latest silliness and grew stern . 
 `` it 's curfew , zee . 
 you have to get going . 
 come on , i will walk you out . '' 
 i hated for our time to end . 
 i got off the bed and followed him out . 
 i made a mental note of the path so i could find his room without help for my next visit . 
 i intended to be a frequent visitor . 
 we made our way back to the hallway and i l looked at peter , ahead of us . 
 we stopped . 
 i saw simon giving him the evil eye and my stomach lurched and then dropped . 
 something was seriously wrong with this place . 
 i felt it in my bones . 
 the feeling reaffirmed itself when three boys came in . 
 the first swung the corpse and ran past . 
 the other two made a game of it , trying to time their run to get past it without it touching them . 
 they yelped with delight . 
 i felt my scalp tightening in the front of my head . 
 it was as if a hand was squeezing on my temples , trying to crush my skull . 
 i peeked at my brother , his grin egged them on . 
 this must be a nightly occurrence , another reason for me to hate this place . 
 i got to get us out of here . 
 the thought rang in my head louder than the curfew bell . 
 after they made it through , unscathed , they politely spoke to me and left . 
 i told simon not to come any further . 
 i hugged him and said goodnight , promising to see him in the morning . 
 the truth , i did n't want him near the zombie . 
 i did n't like what this new home was doing to these children and what it was turning my brother into . 
 i passed by the zombie and went out the door . 
 it took seconds to reach the front and i left the building . 
 it was dark outside . 
 i glanced at the clock and discovered it was 6pm . 
 `` excuse me , where do you go for guard duty ? '' 
 `` that way , ma’am , '' he pointed . 
 on my way there , i thought about what had happened during the day before and after i got here . 
 not paying attention to where i was going , i walked into a railing and almost fell . 
 i kicked myself for my stupidity and sought evidence that i was safe . 
 no one laughed or gawked at me , i was fine . 
 i went around the barrier and kept marching to a little building near the back garden . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i turned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jolly ? 
 the fire hose soldier , whatever his name was , called me . 
 `` over here , baker . '' 
 i walked to him , stepped past him and into the small room . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i smiled at two guys seated in the room around a small table . 
 they were smoking and the air was choking me . 
 i tried not to cough and to look friendly . 
 `` girls to the left , '' boomed the bigger man at the table . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i turned the doorknob and went into the room . 
 `` zee ! 
 hey , how are you ? '' 
 `` britt ? 
 oh my god , britt ! '' 
 i ran to her as fast as my legs would carry me . 
 i hit her with a force that sent us both backward , almost falling . 
 we straightened to look each other over . 
 `` zee . '' 
 `` oh my god , britt . 
 i forgot all about you , oh my god . 
 how could i forget you ? '' 
 `` i guess i 'm not that memorable after all . '' 
 brittany said it jokingly , but i hurt her feelings . 
 the one thing she wanted most was to make a difference and to not be forgotten and i , her best friend and blood brother had forgotten her in the space of a day . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 i thought of something worthwhile to say to make it all better . 
 `` yes , you are and do n't you ever forget it . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` where 's jones and charley ? 
 are they here ? '' 
 i looked around , forgetting the man told me this side is for women only . 
 brittany soured . 
 she held her head down and my stomach dropped for the millionth time . 
 `` they did n't tell you ? '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 i held her arms so she could n't get away from me and frantically searched her face for some clue , some inkling of what was to come . 
 what had happened to my team ? 
 `` zee . '' 
 `` what , tell me , '' my impatience boiled over . 
 `` zee , '' she struggled to get the words out . 
 i gripped her tighter . 
 my eyes darted from her left to right eye for something i could grab on to . 
 `` jones is fine . 
 he will be on guard duty with us tonight . '' 
 `` and charley ? '' 
 `` oh , zee . '' 
 i shook her . 
 `` tell me , damn it . 
 what happened to charley ? '' 
 brittany 's eyes pooled with large tears that would fall at any moment . 
 `` he did n't make it , zee . 
 the zombies bit him during our fight . 
 he died yesterday . '' 
 i released her and fell back . 
 charley was dead . 
 like a ton of bricks it hit me and i hit the wall , thank god for the wall , otherwise i 'd be on the floor . 
 i covered my eyes to keep from crying for charley . 
 through my hands i said , `` i did n't get a chance to say goodbye . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 her sorry did n't help . 
 i was a mess . 
 brittany came beside me and touched my shoulder . 
 i turned to her and rested my head on her . 
 she was there for me and she understood . 
 we did n't need words , she held me while i made sense of charley 's death and his place in my heart . 
 i knew i had to get a hold of myself . 
 they were waiting for us . 
 brittany wore an army uniform and when i looked down at her feet , i saw her partially laced boots . 
 she must have been putting them on when i came in . 
 i must have a similar uniform as well . 
 then it hit me . 
 i pushed myself from her to gaze into her blue eyes . 
 `` wait ! 
 you said he died yesterday ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how is that possible , we just arrived ? '' 
 brittany gave me the same confused look the young girl had given me . 
 was i crazy ? 
 why did everyone give me the same damn look ? 
 what was i missing ? 
 `` zee ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we 've been here three days . '' 
 `` what ! 
 three days , how is that possible ? '' 
 brittany took a hold of me . 
 i thought she was calming me down , she was n't . 
 she pulled up the sleeve on my left arm . 
 there i saw it , a band-aid , and beneath it , a wad of cotton . 
 i pulled up the band-aid and cotton and saw a yellow stained area with a small puncture wound in the center , an iv drip line . 
 i focused on my friend and commanded her to speak , without saying a word . 
 `` they have a new form of quarantine here , '' her voice shook . 
 i knew she did n't want to tell me the truth . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` they knock you out for two days , it does n't affect the virus . 
 if you turn , you turn in your sleep and never wake up , '' she added , `` they shoot you in the head . '' 
 `` oh god , no ! '' 
 i wailed . 
 a knock came from the door . 
 `` we 're okay , be out in a minute , '' shouted brittany . 
 she rubbed my back . 
 i pulled myself together , time to behave like a proper soldier . 
 many had died and i would grieve for them all , once i was off duty . 
 brittany showed me where everything was and i changed . 
 it was difficult and i did n't mind her helping me . 
 i equate it with a mother helping a child into their clothes after a bath . 
 i checked my look in a small mirror and we exited the room to join the others . 
 we were soldiers , armed and ready . 
 no tears , no pain . 
 chapter twenty-three the walk to the wall was short . 
 we slung our rifles over our shoulders and climbed a ladder to the top of a four-foot wide platform that extended around the entire four outer walls . 
 we would march up and down this platform , keeping watch while the others slept . 
 `` zee zee ! '' 
 a wave of anger struck me . 
 i focused and it subsided . 
 i readied myself to meet his gaze and like always , his evil grin stared back at me . 
 `` jones . '' 
 `` is that how we talk to our commanding officer ? '' 
 he smiled sadistically . 
 i stood at attention and saluted . 
 `` aye , aye , captain ! '' 
 brittany burst out laughing , drawing us into her web of laughter . 
 jones slapped me on the arm -- an army hug . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you . '' 
 i could see brittany 's head moving and saw jones ' eyes look her way . 
 `` glad to see you too . '' 
 `` well , this is our job , as grand as it is . 
 all night long , we have the awesome task of staring out into the night , looking for zombies . 
 by the way , a gift . '' 
 jones dropped the smirk and reached into his pockets . 
 he held both hands behind his back and grinned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` guess , idiot . '' 
 `` oh , um , '' i stared down at the arms behind his back . 
 i decided to get smart . 
 `` i 'll take the left one , alex , for $ 250 , please . '' 
 jones brought the hand around , turned it over and opened it . 
 he held a nice shiny silencer . 
 `` just for you , my precious . '' 
 brittany cleared her throat . 
 jones brought around the other hand and opened it , another silencer . 
 `` for the light of the world . '' 
 brittany blushed as she took it from him . 
 `` thank you , kind sir . '' 
 jones led us to the far end of the wall , at the same time brittany and i put our silencers on our rifles . 
 i looked across and saw guards on each of the other walls . 
 it was nice to know we were n't tasked with the entire job ourselves . 
 jones huddled us low against the wall . 
 he looked to make sure we were alone . 
 `` one of the guys gave me those last night . 
 the front guards do n't like it , but we do it anyway . 
 when a stray zombie comes into view , shoot it with your silencer on your rifle , until then , take it off and keep it in your pocket . 
 we got the west wall tonight , over on the south wall , zombies are dead all over the place . 
 everybody thinks they are coming from the city . 
 we try to shoot them so they fall in a straight line . 
 we are making a wall of zombies . 
 how 's that for a barrier ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` not bad . '' 
 `` any chance of us taking out some zombies tonight ? '' 
 asked brittany . 
 `` yeah , '' said jones , `` when those two knuckleheads leave the wall in two hours to make their interior sweeps . '' 
 our huddle broke . 
 i took the left , brittany the right , and jones patrolled the center of our wall . 
 we walked back and forth in our areas , watching the horizon . 
 i liked the distance between us . 
 it allowed me to think without someone constantly chattering in my ear . 
 they were n't like that , but others were and it was annoying . 
 my thoughts drifted to charley and my not getting a chance to say goodbye to him . 
 i wondered if he went peacefully , he slept through the change . 
 well , i get it is n't so peaceful when you are dreaming and bam , a bullet slices through your head . 
 i shook off the image and concentrated on the good , simon . 
 i wondered if i could get him to move in with me . 
 miss sandy had already knocked the idea out of my head , or so she thought . 
 it was back with a vengeance . 
 no one could protect my brother better than i. i was a soldier after all , trained to kill and to protect . 
 later that night , we gathered in a corner and saw zombies approaching , eight of them . 
 i went first and took one out , followed by brittany , and then jones . 
 the zombies fell one by one as if knocked down by the unseen wind . 
 the others went around or stumbled over them . 
 one went down and took a bite out of a fallen zombie , gross . 
 we began a new round and this time , i thought of the wall idea and waited until a zombie was over another fallen zombie . 
 i took aim at its head and with pinpoint accuracy , shattered his skull . 
 brains flew out of its head as it fell over perfectly on top of its fallen comrade . 
 brittany squealed and held up her rifle , `` my turn . '' 
 `` wait , '' i took aim again , `` this one 's for charley . '' 
 i squeezed the trigger slowly . 
 bang , another fell on top of the other two . 
 my wall was rising . 
 in time , we could build a wall as high as the sun ; there were enough zombie bodies in the world to get it done . 
 my friends were happy . 
 they kicked up their heels and screamed into the night , reveling in their marksmanship while i remained calm and occasionally smiled . 
 i was wet-blanket zora again . 
 it 's hard to relax and be loosey-goosey when everything has changed and everyone dies . 
 i looked at them . 
 i was honestly happy for them , but jealousy came to the party , forcing me to come up with my plan . 
 i justified it by saying this place was no better than the wasteland the world had become . 
 zombies had turned them all , not into zombies , but into something worse : liars , deceivers , sadists , and worse of all , inhumane . 
 my friends found their safety , their paradise . 
 i questioned whether it was for me and simon . 
 this is a good place . 
 i had fought to get here to its safety to be with my brother . 
 we could live here forever . 
 they had two gardens and plenty of people . 
 i had a job , my brother and good friends , but one thing entered my mind , one burning question . 
 i kept pushing it down , but it kept coming back throughout the night . 
 i had done everything in my power to stay alive and get here and before the end of my first night , i was planning our escape . 
 my question : how do i get the hell out of here ? 
 # # # thank you for your purchase . 
 zora 's journey is not at an end . 
 enjoy this brief excerpt from zombie invasion -lrb- book 2 of the zora baker series -rrb- . 
 a dense , green cloud descended from the top of the mountain . 
 it covered all in its path . 
 it passed through a group of sightseers , all clutched their throats . 
 they immediately fell to the ground , writhing in pain . 
 seconds later , they succumbed to death 's waiting arms . 
 another group , soldiers patrolling the side of the mountain , was engulfed by the green ominous cloud . 
 only shrieks could be heard emerging from its center . 
 when it passed , all sound had ceased from within . 
 bodies curled in agony lay about in various poses . 
 all wore a torturous look on their sunken faces . 
 this fog , cloud , or bringer of death , was now thinning , moving faster . 
 like an ocean breeze rolling over the land and swaying through tree branches , it rolled . 
 everything it touched , took on a greenish tinge . 
 another group of soldiers , standing in shock , gaping at what happened to their counterparts , were marred with the same greenish tinge , as a look of utter shock was etched into their thinning frames . 
 not a single man moved . 
 all became grotesque statues -- those plastic , green , toy soldiers on a make-believe battlefield , clutching their weapons . 
 the cloud moved through them with little resistance and rolled down the hillside to the news crews and press affiliates waiting for a sweet embrace . 
 the cloud failed none , not even those able to shake free of their horror and run . 
 too late . 
 one cameraman ran for his life , screaming as he went . 
 with a clear green field ahead of him , he ran for dear life . 
 if only he could make it to the waiting trees . 
 too late . 
 as he ran , he felt a cold hand wrap around the back of his feet . 
 he moved faster to break the grip . 
 another cold hand caressed his back . 
 harder he pushed . 
 a cold hand curled around the tip of his tossing ponytail . 
 he shook his head and pushed harder . 
 in an instant , tired of his resistance , cold hands pushed up his leg , back , and went through the base of his neck . 
 the man stumbled and fell as he went down an incline . 
 he rolled to a stop . 
 as he did , his hand stretched out toward the waiting trees and safety . 
 in an instant , coldness swept over him and his vision dimmed to nothingness . 
 the last picture his eyes would register would be his dear trees , attempting to run from the green horror . 
 not even they were spared . 
 as the cloud moved past the trees it went through the soil , contacting a body . 
 it then moved on to search for more in a nearby cemetery . 
 a disturbance took place in the ground the cloud had moved across . 
 the soil moved . 
 a finger peeked through to the sunlight . 
 first one skeletal finger , then another and another . 
 then , a heap of dirt moved as a head appeared . 
 it shook dirt from its head , then howled . 
 while alive , it had been known as janey , a nineteen-year-old college student from the university of north carolina . 
 janey had made the mistake of excessive celebration of her newfound freedom . 
 parents that restrict their child 's freedom , often must wait out a child 's rebellion as they taste the world before them . 
 her parents would never get that opportunity . 
 janey had met a potential husband and father to her future children . 
 of course it was late at night and she was viewing him through beer goggles , still , he was a dreamboat . 
 she thought nothing of stumbling into his van for frantic sex on a soiled mattress . 
 those are the breaks . 
 janey never saw the blow that knocked her to the mattress , and was too intoxicated to know how well her body responded to a madman 's touch . 
 she never fully regained consciousness while being buried alive . 
 zombie janey shook her head again . 
 her eyes were red , skin tinged green and clinging to bone . 
 after a second howl , she leaped from the ground to stand before her grave . 
 she sniffed the air in three directions . 
 satisfied with the third , she howled and ran . 
 a meal was waiting . 
 # # # zombie invasion - book 2 in the series is now available . 
 keep a look out for it and thank you for reading this book . 
 about the author : r.g. richards is a lifelong missourian who writes fantasy/paranormal/romance novels . 
 he was an enthusiastic reader of tales of foreign lands -lrb- china , japan , hong kong -rrb- , most of which were `` borrowed '' from his father 's private collection -- a big james clavell fan -lrb- noble house , shogun -rrb- . 
 these faraway tales provided the fertile ground which produced a rich imagination capable of spinning strange and unique stories of distant lands and people . 
 outside of reading and writing , he is a beginning swimmer , a gym hater , an avid gardener of sugar baby melons , a lover of jokes , and a planner for the great zombie apocalypse -lrb- it is coming , people ! -rrb- . 
 special note : feedback is essential to an author . 
 i look forward to hearing from you . 
 tell me what you liked as well as what you hated . 
 with your help , i can make the next book much better . 
 again , thank you for reading . 
 books by this author : romance series the flame -- book 1 singed hearts -- concluding book 2 vampire series vampires are real cavers # 1 caveena - cavers # 2 gatekeeper -- cavers # 3 -lrb- spring 2015 -rrb- zombie series -lrb- zora baker series -rrb- zombie zora - zora baker # 1 zombie invasion - zora baker # 2 kill happy - zora baker # 3 zombie eden - zora baker # 4 zombie jokes - companion book of jokes told by the children . 
 death series the demon warrior 's light you can find him online at : mail : rgrichards2012@gmail.com website : http://rg-richards.com/ twitter : http://twitter.com/robertgrichards/ goodreads : http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5823275.r_g_richards facebook : http://www.facebook.com/authorrgrichards 
