 gehenna west of hell # 1 jason brant gehenna by jason brant copyright © 2012 jason brant smashwords edition this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are either products of the author 's imagination or used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , without permission in writing from jason brant chapter 1 `` you need to control your whores ! '' 
 the filthy cowboy said , shoving his way through the saloon doors . 
 ellis let out a heavy sigh as he watched another patron , who would likely never return , storm out of his saloon because of karen . 
 that made three this month . 
 shaking his head , he turned around and glared at her . 
 `` how is someone so smart so stupid ? 
 you ca n't make money if you always insult my customers . 
 you got to be the worst hooker i ever had . '' 
 `` he smelled like shit . 
 even more than the rest of them , '' karen said . 
 she stood at the top of the stairs , looking down at ellis . 
 she considered him her closest friend , which she found odd because she considered herself little more than his slave . 
 he treated her well , and he never hit his women . 
 that was rare for a man who ran a brothel . 
 `` they all smell like shit . 
 that 's why they need to pay for it . 
 if you would just drink some of this rotgut like the rest of the girls , you would n't care so much . '' 
 the room grew silent as he finished . 
 he looked back at everyone else drinking at the bar . 
 most of them were from other towns -- just passing through as they headed further west . 
 anthony and dave , the owner of the general store next door and his employee , stared back at him . 
 `` not you guys . 
 you smell like a bunch of roses , '' ellis said . 
 `` hell , i know we stink . 
 but you serve us rotgut ? '' 
 anthony asked . 
 karen could n't help but laugh while she descended the stairs , lifting her frilly skirt to keep from tripping . 
 she blew absentmindedly at the long strands of auburn hair that fell across her brow . 
 leave it to anthony and dave to worry more about the quality of their whiskey than their stench . 
 `` of course i do n't ; you get nothing but the best . 
 i give the rotgut to everyone that comes in on the train , '' ellis said , looking everywhere but their eyes . 
 dave , the short and jovial stock boy , did n't seem to believe him and kept inspecting the booze in his dirty glass . 
 anthony watched him for a few seconds before cuffing him on the back of the head . 
 `` what 're you looking at , dummy ? 
 like you could tell if that was all whiskey . '' 
 `` do n't hit me , boss ! '' 
 dave said . 
 ellis used the distraction to get away . 
 as usual , he struggled , squeezing his heavy frame through the opening on the side of the bar . 
 `` i knew i should have taken those books away from you . 
 women got no place learnin ' from those things . 
 nothin ' good comes from it . '' 
 `` if it was n't for those books , i could n't have helped you with your books . '' 
 ellis glanced over his shoulder , ensuring no one heard her . 
 `` you know i ca n't thank you enough for helpin ' me out around here . 
 i know you 're the smartest person in this whole town , but you ca n't keep makin ' fun at everyone . 
 people do n't like their women learnt , especially not their whores . '' 
 karen let out a long sigh . 
 she hated peddling herself to the stupid men who got off the train , but she refused to do what was expected of women in this godforsaken town . 
 she would never marry a local man because she viewed it as the equivalent of indentured servitude . 
 cooking , cleaning , sewing , and worshipping at the feet of a man was n't something that interested her . 
 being paid to perform the fun parts of a marriage could be tolerated . 
 no man would marry a woman who was more intelligent than him anyway . 
 `` i 'll try and behave , but do your best to send me men who have at least heard of soap . 
 give the dirty ones to barbara . '' 
 `` i heard that ! '' 
 barbara said from the balcony at the top of the stairs . 
 karen did n't have to look up at her to tell that she had been drinking again . 
 `` you do n't care who ellis sends to you . '' 
 `` yeah , but you do n't have to say it , '' barbara said . 
 she leaned over the railing and waved at a man sitting at a table , cradling a mug of beer . 
 when he flashed a sheepish grin back , she broke into her patented routine of twirling red hair and fluttering eyelashes . 
 karen liked barbara , but she was always drunk and had no self worth . 
 men wanted dumb women who were willing do anything , and barbara fit that mold . 
 still , she treated karen nicer than any of the other girls that worked at the ellis saloon . 
 karen often had long , semi-drunken conversations with barbara about escaping on the railroad and taking it to the end of the line . 
 while they both dreamt of that , karen planned on following through . 
 gehenna not only served as a way station for railroad passengers preparing to continue west , but also for people 's lives . 
 it was the place where dreams and passions died . 
 karen saved most of her earnings , hiding them under a floorboard in her room , and would soon have enough to live on for several years . 
 barbara was content with her lot in life . 
 ellis looked at her for several moments , appearing to consider what she said . 
 `` could you at least try the rotgut ? '' 
 karen rubbed her hands on his balding head and laughed . 
 `` you know bett − '' shouting from the street interrupted her . 
 the first scream came from a woman , with several groans coming a few seconds later . 
 dave hopped off his bar stool and shuffled to the door , peering over the saloon doors . 
 `` jesus help us ! 
 he bit her face ! '' 
 everyone jumped from their seats and rushed to the door and windows , squeezing against each other . 
 karen climbed onto the bar , giving herself a better angle to look out the door . 
 what she saw made her stomach lurch . 
 she did n't dare turn her eyes away from the horror as she fought against rising bile . 
 two men kneeled over a middle-aged woman in the dirt street , blood pooling underneath them , creating a reddish-brown mud . 
 three arrows jutted out of the back of the nearest man , two more from his accomplice . 
 they were eating the woman alive . 
 chapter 2 `` what the hell is going on out there ? '' 
 sherriff stanley asked . 
 he was trying to peer out the window without getting out of his chair . 
 it did n't seem to be working . 
 `` maybe you should go take a look , '' mccall said from inside the jail cell . 
 `` shut up . 
 aaron , go see what the hell that noise is about , '' stanley said to his deputy . 
 aaron , who was admiring mccall 's colt peacemaker , did n't seem to hear his boss . 
 he turned and gave mccall a sheepish look . 
 `` what are these notches on the grip ? 
 you really should take better care of her . '' 
 `` deputy , '' the sheriff said . 
 mccall looked back at him with dead eyes , ignoring sherriff stanley . 
 he figured aaron to be twenty years old , maybe less . 
 his tight clothing suggested he was n't done growing yet . 
 `` one notch for every heeled hard case that wanted a fight . '' 
 `` deputy aaron . '' 
 `` you killed that many men ? '' 
 aaron asked in awe . 
 `` more . 
 no room left on the grip . '' 
 `` deputy aaron ! '' 
 aaron dropped the gun as he spun around , surprised at the anger in stanley 's voice . 
 `` yeah , uncle ? '' 
 `` go see what all that yelling is about . 
 and you 'll call me sheriff when you 're on duty . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' aaron said . 
 he bent down , his fingers fumbling around , trying to pick up the gun . 
 `` aaron , forget the damned gun and get out there ! '' 
 hesitating for a second , aaron looked back and forth from the sheriff to the prisoner , before putting on his brown derby and heading to the door . 
 `` i thought you 'd be younger , '' he said to mccall before stepping outside . 
 `` if that boy were n't my sister 's kid ... '' stanley got out of the chair and walked over to the pistol , lifting it to inspect the handle . 
 `` there must be fifty marks here . 
 the flyers around town say you killed a couple of men , but nothing like this . '' 
 mccall said nothing . 
 he 'd made up the story about the marks on the handle just to scare the kid . 
 he even changed the way he spoke to add to his outlaw aura . 
 `` if you read the sign coming into town you would have known you ca n't carry in gehenna . 
 no one would have said nothing to you if you did n't have this big boy on your hip . '' 
 he did know of gehenna 's gun laws but did n't bother abiding by them . 
 that could be dangerous for a man like him . 
 judging from the hundreds of guns strewn around the sheriff 's office , most people did obey them . 
 before stanley could react , mccall sprang out of his cot and stood at the bars , barely more than an arm 's length away . 
 `` i do n't follow no bullshit laws and i expect to get that pistol back . '' 
 he 'd acquired the colt years ago , and viewed it as a good luck charm . 
 though he was armed and out of mccall 's reach , stanley took a hesitant step back . 
 even seasoned lawmen like the sheriff were terrified of mccall 's reputation . 
 he tried to shield his fear by turning away from the cell . 
 `` the rail comes through tomorrow , so let 's try and stay polite until then . 
 once the federal marshals get here you can take that up with them . '' 
 stanley walked back to his desk and dropped the colt on it . 
 `` why 'd you let deputy aaron take you anyway ? 
 they say you 're real fast ; you could have taken him no problem . '' 
 mccall went back to his cot and tipped his hat over his eyes . 
 `` did n't see no point in killing a kid . 
 i only shoot those who have it coming to them . '' 
 that was n't to say that mccall did n't think about it when that kid came up behind him . 
 he had a feeling that he should n't stop in this damned town , but his horse had started to froth at the mouth and wobble at the knees . 
 the kid had spotted him while he was buying some food from those fools in the general store . 
 all these railroad towns had his picture up on every corner , but he still thought he could go unnoticed for a few hours . 
 mccall probably would have made a play for his pistol if he had n't seen the barrel of the kid 's gun trembling as it was pointed at him . 
 he appreciated the young deputy 's bravery , even though he 'd been shaking in his boots . 
 getting a peaceful night 's sleep in jail did n't seem all that bad to him either . 
 it was n't until he woke up this morning that the sheriff told him that some federal marshals were due in the next night . 
 if it were n't for bad luck , he 'd have no luck at all . 
 they 'd been after him for awhile now , and if they caught him he 'd be strung up in short time . 
 he killed one of them back in san antonio a few months before and they 'd been riled up ever since . 
 mccall did n't plan on being around when they got here . 
 `` been awhile since your boy went out there . '' 
 `` it has , but i 'm not dumb enough to leave mad dog mccall alone in here , '' stanley said as he squinted through the soiled window . 
 a hint of a smile touched mccall 's lips at the mention of his mad dog title . 
 it had a certain resonation that he liked . 
 `` i 'm getting out of here , whether you release me or i shoot my way out . '' 
 the loud crack of a gunshot rang through the street . 
 several seconds of silence preceded two more . 
 sheriff stanley walked across the room and grabbed his beige hat , which hung from a nail by the door . 
 mccall noticed its flat top crown , sun faded color , and rusting badge , indicating the sheriff had been a law and order man for a long time . 
 `` for the love of god , aaron , '' he mumbled under his breath . 
 `` i got ta see what that damn kid is shooting at . 
 do n't try nothing funny , '' stanley said , looking back at mccall from the doorway . 
 cries and screams erupted from the street . 
 chapter 3 karen could n't believe what she had just witnessed . 
 even with arrows sticking from their backs , the men kept gnawing on the woman as if nothing was wrong . 
 one of them peeled flesh away from her cheek , exposing too many of her teeth , as she tried to push him away with her free hand . 
 the bigger of the two men held her other arm , chewing on a chunk of muscle and skin he 'd bitten from her forearm . 
 her frilly taupe dress was soaked through with blood . 
 the haunting screams coming from her made karen queasy . 
 she 'd never heard a sound like that . 
 everyone in the saloon stood still , rooted in place from shock . 
 ellis was the first to react , pushing dave and anthony to either side as he stalked outside . 
 `` get off of her ! '' 
 his bellow jolted everyone else into motion . 
 anthony grabbed dave by the collar and hauled him through the doors . 
 three other men that karen did n't recognize followed them into the street . 
 the women , and most of the other men , did n't move , too horrified to do anything but watch . 
 karen hopped off the bar and moved out to the porch , making sure to keep the railing between her and the violence . 
 ellis grabbed the closest attacker 's shoulder and spun him around . 
 a tomahawk stuck out of his chest . 
 a long , watery groan escaped from his mouth as he staggered forward , reaching his hands toward ellis ' neck . 
 both of his lips were missing , revealing his red-tinged teeth . 
 `` lord in heaven − '' ellis said when he saw the man 's mangled face . 
 as fast as his bulky body would allow , he shoved the man back , knocking him over the woman he was eating seconds before . 
 rushing past ellis , the three men karen did n't know grabbed the second attacker by the arms . 
 their similar appearances gave the impression that one was the father of the other two men . 
 they were all large and had varied receding hairlines . 
 the oldest was completely bald , while the younger son still had half of his left . 
 as they pulled the madman away from his victim , he gnashed out with tobacco yellowed teeth and bit the hand of the father . 
 when he jerked his hand away , a jet of blood erupted from the wound and splattered across the shirt of the probable son to his left . 
 the man exploded with unexpected ferocity at the sight of the blood . 
 his mouth opened and closed , his teeth clacking over and over as he strained against their grip . 
 dave , anthony , and ellis moved in on the first man while he clambered to his feet . 
 they kicked and stomped on him , trying to keep him from standing up . 
 the skin on his head split open from someone 's spur , and karen could hear ribs cracking from the repeated kicks . 
 `` stay down , damn you ! '' 
 ellis yelled . 
 the man managed to get a hold of one of dave 's legs and bit into the tan pants covering his shin . 
 dave howled in pain as he tried to shake his leg free . 
 `` he bit me , boss ! 
 he bit me ! '' 
 anthony stomped on the man 's head , forcing his maw from dave 's leg . 
 a piece of crimson soaked cloth hung from his teeth . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 deputy aaron said from behind them . 
 he had to yell to be heard over the moans of the attackers and dave 's whimpering . 
 karen pointed at the two men , who were severely wounded at this point . 
 `` they were eating that poor woman ! '' 
 the woman was n't moving anymore . 
 she just laid there , bleeding out in the dirt . 
 karen could n't see if she was breathing or not . 
 `` stop kicking him ! 
 he 's had enough , '' aaron said as he tried to pull ellis away . 
 ellis shrugged him off and placed his boot on the man 's face , pushing it against the ground . 
 `` stay back , boy . 
 it do n't matter what we do to him , he just keeps coming . 
 look at them ; they got arrows sticking out of their backs ! '' 
 the other crazed man kept trying to get at the blood splashed across the shirt of the shorter son . 
 from karen 's position on the porch , she could see into his eyes . 
 they were overly black , like those of a wild animal . 
 a shiver ran through her body despite the overwhelming summer heat . 
 `` do n't call me boy . 
 i said that 's enough . 
 let him up ! '' 
 aaron said . 
 `` he 's biting everyone in sight . 
 i ai n't letting him up , '' ellis said without moving . 
 aaron pulled his revolver from its holster and held it out in front of him . 
 `` if he goes after anyone , i 'll put him down . 
 now step away from him . '' 
 karen knew that aaron 's toughness was an act . 
 she could see his gun hand shaking even though she stood more than fifteen feet away . 
 he was a good kid , but still wet behind the ears . 
 ellis considered the situation for a moment before lifting his foot and hopping backward . 
 the man staggered to his feet while more moans escaped his mouth . 
 a flap of skin , cut loose by a boot spur , partially covered his left eye . 
 dust and dirt filled part of the gash , but not enough to cover the exposed bone inside . 
 his good eye never left ellis as he stood and took a shuffling step toward him . 
 `` mister , i need you to come with me , '' aaron said . 
 at the sound of aaron 's voice , the man 's head turned , tendons creaking , and took in the deputy . 
 his uncovered eye widened as he hissed and moved in aaron 's direction on unsteady legs . 
 `` stop right there . '' 
 the wounded man did n't listen . 
 `` stop or i 'll have to put you down . '' 
 aaron pulled the hammer back and pointed the wavering gun at the man 's chest . 
 the threat did n't faze him at all as he teetered forward . 
 with the flesh eater only two feet away , aaron fired a round into his chest . 
 other than a slight hesitation as it pitched him backward , the shot did nothing . 
 the bullet punctured his filthy skin and exited his back , coming within inches of dave 's torso . 
 bits of bone and gore splattered the street behind him . 
 he did n't seem to notice . 
 karen looked at ellis , who stood motionless , his jaw slacked . 
 looking around at everyone else , she saw similar expressions . 
 no one could believe what they were seeing . 
 deputy aaron was the only person who kept moving , much to karen 's surprise . 
 he put two more bullets into the man 's chest , his expression growing more harried with each failed shot . 
 the width of the street was dotted with splatters of blood . 
 even with the distance between them , karen could hear the man 's teeth clattering together as he tried to bite aaron . 
 their arms locked around each other 's as they stumbled around , one trying to push away and the other pulling back . 
 aaron 's feet tangled as he backed up , causing both of them to topple over with the lipless man falling on top of him , chomping at his face . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 aaron put both of his hands under his attacker 's chin and pushed his head up and away from his own . 
 dribbles of saliva oozed between the man 's teeth and dripped onto aaron 's face . 
 drops of spittle fell into his mouth as he cried out , causing him to gag . 
 `` get him away from me ! '' 
 ellis and anthony sprang into action , grabbing the man by his upper arms and lifting him away . 
 `` i told you he was crazy , '' ellis said . 
 `` where 's your gallows ? '' 
 the old man asked . 
 `` we 'll string these bastards up right now . '' 
 sherriff stanley came running up the road , kicking puffs of dust up with each heavy step . 
 `` the hell you will , '' he said . 
 `` we follow the law here in gehenna . 
 no one is getting killed without a trial first . '' 
 he glared at deputy aaron . 
 `` i sent you up here to see why people were yelling , not to shoot at someone . '' 
 `` these men have gone mad ! 
 they 're trying to eat everyone ! '' 
 aaron said . 
 he tried to spit out the other man 's saliva between sentences . 
 `` look at his chest ! 
 i shot him three times and he kept coming at me ! 
 they do n't feel pain and they wo n't die . '' 
 stanley looked unbelievingly at everyone standing around , taking in the entire scene . 
 `` he 's not making any sense . 
 what happened here ? '' 
 he said to ellis . 
 `` we were inside , talking about my fine whiskey when we heard this woman screaming , '' ellis said , cocking his head at the motionless woman . 
 `` when we came out , they were eatin ' her alive . 
 a couple of us got bit tryin ' to get them away from her . '' 
 `` he bit my leg ! '' 
 dave said in between whimpers . 
 `` stop being such a damn baby , '' anthony said . 
 it looked like he wanted to give dave another good cuff , but could n't because of his grip on the man with no lips . 
 the man kept trying to bite at ellis , but his disgusting mouth could n't reach ellis ' hands . 
 some of the kicks and stomps must have damaged something in his neck because it kept leaning to one side . 
 the bend in it was unnatural , just like everything else happening . 
 `` he ai n't lying ; these men wo n't stay down . 
 that one over there has a damned tomahawk stickin ' out of chest , '' ellis said . 
 sheriff stanley 's eyes opened wide at the site of the axe buried in the man 's chest . 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 `` apparently it ai n't . 
 that axe is all the way to the hilt , but he still got a good chunk out of my hand , '' the older man said . 
 he had a gruff , whiskey aged voice . 
 `` they ai n't natural and we oughta take care of it right now . 
 `` and who are you ? 
 do you know these men ? '' 
 stanley asked . 
 `` they call me zed . 
 these are my two boys , robert and john , '' he said while nodding at his sons . 
 they tightened their grip on the crazed man , but did n't make any acknowledgements otherwise . 
 the sheriff looked around in disbelief . 
 `` this shit is n't funny . 
 discharging firearms is against the law , even for a deputy , '' he said to aaron . 
 karen was n't sure if he could n't believe what he was seeing , or if he would n't . 
 the older man with the raspy voiced strode over to the sheriff and stuck his wounded hand in his face . 
 `` does this look like a joke , son ? '' 
 `` i understand that something happened here , but what you 're describing is n't possible , '' stanley said . 
 he shook his head , unable to comprehend the situation . 
 `` aaron , go down and open up the other cell in the jailhouse . 
 we 're going to throw these two in there until we can figure out what 's going on . '' 
 without saying anything , aaron turned and trotted down the road to the jailhouse that stood a hundred yards away . 
 `` karen , go down and get doc randy . 
 tell him we need his services at the saloon right now , '' he said . 
 the look in his eyes suggested that he was n't in the mood for a smarmy remark from her . 
 karen could think of a thousand things she 'd rather do than go see the doctor . 
 she considered him an asshole of the highest order . 
 he was probably drunk anyway . 
 `` dave , carry this woman inside . 
 it does n't look like she made it , but we 'll have the doc take a look at her anyway , '' stanley said . 
 `` but my leg − '' `` to hell with your leg . 
 carry her inside , now ! '' 
 stanley said , marching toward the jail . 
 `` bring those two on down here and let 's see if we can sort this mess out . '' 
 karen watched them carry the two mangled men down the street before turning on her heels and heading in the opposite direction . 
 chapter 4 mccall sat on his cot , inspecting the sheriff 's office . 
 there were shotguns , revolvers , lever-action rifles , and muzzle loaders stacked and leaning everywhere . 
 a veritable gold mine of firearms sat just outside of his reach . 
 the entrance was directly in front of his cell , and a back door sat off to his left . 
 neither looked too sturdy . 
 along the wall , opposite of the sheriff 's desk , sat half a dozen kegs of gunpowder . 
 apparently the local gun ordinance pertained to explosives as well . 
 mccall eyed the kegs for a few seconds before turning and glancing back at his gun , which sat upon the desk . 
 no matter how he got out of this , he had to take that peacemaker with him . 
 leaning back against the cold , stone wall , he cracked a smile while thinking about the deputy he 'd put the fear of god into . 
 every time someone asked him about the markings on his pistol he came up with a more outlandish story . 
 he used those tales to fuel his infamy . 
 the more people feared him , the less he had to worry about them getting into his business . 
 even mad dog was just a stupid name he spread around to help build his legend . 
 truth was , he had n't killed that many men . 
 he 'd only shot down four , and all of those were in self-defense . 
 killing changed a man , and not for the better . 
 unfortunately , when people think of you as a fighter , they want to challenge you . 
 when they think of you as a stone cold , rampaging beast , they tend to leave you alone . 
 now he had to relax and wait for an opportunity to present itself . 
 if he was going down , he 'd be damned if it would be in a shithole town like this . 
 it had only been a few minutes since the sheriff had gone to check on the situation when mccall heard arguing voices coming down the street . 
 deputy aaron burst through the front door . 
 his face had drained of all its color , except for some darkening under his eyes . 
 he hesitated for a moment when he looked at mccall , as if he 'd forgotten about the prisoner . 
 dropping his gaze , he hustled over to the empty cell to mccall 's right , fumbling for his keys . 
 `` what 's going on out there , boy ? 
 you do n't look so good . '' 
 the deputy did n't have a chance to answer before sheriff stanley strode through the door and pulled aaron away from the cell by the collar of his shirt . 
 taking the keys from his nephew , the sheriff opened the cell door before stepping clear . 
 coming in behind him were two men and what looked like a person who had been stampeded to death -- except he somehow was n't dead . 
 mccall did n't understand how the man could still be alive , let alone struggling with such ferocity , in his condition . 
 part of his skull was exposed , and a hanging flap of skin covered one of his eyes . 
 he did n't have any lips . 
 `` hold him over by the door , but do n't let go of him yet , '' stanley said . 
 two more , and much larger , men dragged in yet another crazed man , this one with an axe buried in his chest . 
 he fought against their hold despite what should have been a mortal wound . 
 `` throw both of them in at the same time and i 'll get it secured , '' stanley said , taking a position behind the open cell door . 
 the first group to come in the jailhouse threw their butchered prisoner in the cell and quickly stepped aside . 
 the second group did the same and the sheriff slammed the door as fast as he could . 
 mccall watched the mangled prisoners as they stumbled over one another , slowly getting back to their feet . 
 they pushed to the front of the cell , their arms extending through the bars , and tried to grab their captors . 
 broken arrow shafts protruded from their backs . 
 a putrid smell permeated from them , like a dead animal that had been in the sun all day . 
 `` you boys go on back to ellis ' place ; deputy aaron and i will take it from here . '' 
 `` what 're you going to do with them ? '' 
 the large , balding man asked . 
 stanley considered the new prisoners for a few seconds before responding . 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 we still need to figure out what the hell is going on with them . 
 we 're going to do a quick search around the town to see if anyone knows who they are . 
 we 'll check on you at the saloon as soon as we 're done . '' 
 not wanting to take their eyes off the strangers , the four men backed out of the front door , leaving it open behind them . 
 walking back to his desk , stanley opened the top drawer and took out a bottle of some dark booze . 
 after taking a long pull from it , he handed it over to the deputy . 
 `` you are n't looking so good . 
 take a swig of this , it 'll clear you up . '' 
 to mccall 's surprise , deputy aaron looked even worse than he had when they entered the jailhouse only two minutes before . 
 his skin was taking on a sallow , thin appearance . 
 grabbing the bottle , aaron started to drink from it only to spit it back out , covering the sheriff 's desk . 
 `` that tastes like kerosene ! '' 
 `` i made it myself . '' 
 `` with what ? 
 kerosene ? '' 
 `` only a little . '' 
 `` anyone care to explain what 's going on here ? '' 
 mccall asked from his cot . 
 `` how is a man with an axe in his chest still walking around ? '' 
 the sound of mccall 's voice grabbed the attention of the lipless man , who turned and tried to reach through the bars to mccall . 
 he was short a good two feet so mccall did n't bother moving . 
 stanley walked around his desk and stood in front of the second cell , out of reach of the moaning men . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 they did n't acknowledge the question , just kept trying to grab onto him . 
 `` where did you come from ? 
 why were you attacking that woman ? '' 
 no response except more moans . 
 `` aaron , you 're telling me that you shot this guy three times ? '' 
 wiping the alcohol and spit from his lips , aaron turned around . 
 `` yes , sir , three times at less than five feet . 
 he just kept coming forward , trying to take a bite out of me . '' 
 when the deputy had arrested mccall at the general store yesterday , he 'd been frightened . 
 now he seemed petrified . 
 `` no man could live through that . 
 it just ai n't possible . '' 
 `` look at the front of his shirt ; three bullet holes , and three more arrows sticking out of the back . 
 the other one looks like someone mistook him for a tree and tried to chop him down . '' 
 `` he ai n't no man . 
 neither of them are , '' mccall said . 
 `` at least not anymore . 
 no one can live through that . '' 
 a startled look swept across their faces . 
 stanley recovered after a few seconds and laughed it off . 
 aaron did n't . 
 `` what are they then ? 
 demons ? 
 why do n't you leave the investigating to those of us who are still men of the law ? 
 we do n't need advice from an outlaw in a jail cell , '' stanley said . 
 the sheriff knew the one part of mccall 's criminal history that was n't fabricated − he had once been sheriff mccall before mad dog . 
 he 'd presided over a sleepy hamlet back east , spending most of his days at one of the few pubs in the area . 
 a caravan , passing through on their way to philadelphia , was held up on the outskirts of town . 
 hearing the gunshots from his perch at the bar , mccall had been able to catch up to the bandits before they could escape . 
 the gunfight was short , with sherriff mccall putting two men down before three others escaped . 
 though he lived in a small town , he 'd always been an incredible marksman . 
 the marshals arrived the next day with a warrant for his arrest . 
 he was charged with robbing the caravan , killing its occupants , and the murder of two federal officers . 
 as soon as they walked through the door , he recognized three of them as the men who 'd escaped him the day before . 
 the corruption of the marshal service had caught mccall completely off guard . 
 though he pled his case , they were intent on having his head . 
 after gunning down another agent , he fled , abandoning the life he 'd built . 
 it was n't a week later that his face began appearing on wanted fliers up and down the east coast . 
 `` it does n't look like he 's going to be capable of standing soon , let alone investigating anything , '' mccall said , nodding at the deputy . 
 aaron was sitting against the edge of the desk , his hands placed on his knees to support his weight . 
 his body began trembling , shaking the entire desk supporting him . 
 `` aaron ? '' 
 stanley asked . 
 abruptly falling to his knees , he pitched forward , cracking his head against the wood floor . 
 he never raised his hands to protect himself from the fall . 
 stanley dropped to his haunches beside aaron , placing a hand on his back . 
 mccall stayed in his cot , reclining against the wall , watching . 
 he 'd seen even the biggest of men fall apart after a gunfight , but had never heard of someone having such a visceral reaction . 
 `` come on , son . 
 we need to get you over to ellis ' saloon and have the doc take a look at you . '' 
 the trembling stopped . 
 aaron lay motionless on the floor , his uncle kneeling over him . 
 `` aaron ? '' 
 a moan escaped aaron as he slowly leaned backward , his black eyes looking over his uncle . 
 `` aaron ? 
 what 's wrong wi − '' the young deputy lunged at his uncle , chomping down on stanley 's right ear . 
 the sheriff howled as he fell backward , pushing his nephew away . 
 the combination of his weight falling back , and violently shoving aaron in the opposite direction , tore his ear free . 
 stanley scampered away until his back bumped against the kegs of black powder . 
 his shocked face was ashen gray as he pressed a hand to the gaping hole on the side of his head . 
 streams of blood seeped through his fingers , coursing down his forearm . 
 aaron chewed on the ear with slow , deliberate bites . 
 mccall could hear the cartilage crunching . 
 after a large and pronounced swallow , he crawled forward , eager to get another piece of his uncle . 
 chapter 5 `` asshole ? '' 
 karen called into the vestibule of the church . 
 the only thing she hated more than being around doc randy was being with him in his church . 
 she avoided it at all costs . 
 `` doc , the sheriff needs your help . 
 several people are hurt back at the bar . '' 
 no answer . 
 bastard was probably drunk , as usual . 
 for a doctor and reverend , he did n't seem to mind partaking ; even though he had constantly railed against the sins of ellis ' saloon and its workers over the years . 
 never mind that she knew for a fact that the good doctor had purchased the services of at least two of the women who worked there . 
 or that he had an illegitimate child of his own . 
 or that he drank and smoked himself stupid every day . 
 karen may have been a prostitute , but at least she accepted her faults . 
 doctor randy had convinced himself that he lived without sin , despite all of his vices . 
 how he managed to have a congregation , as small as it was , remained a mystery to karen . 
 stepping into the dark entrance , she let her eyes adjust before walking down the middle of the nave . 
 because gehenna was a relatively small town , the church did n't have an abundance of pews -- only six on either side of her . 
 beyond the front bench , sitting on the floor with his back against the podium , sat the doc . 
 his eternally red cheeks stood out in stark contrast to his otherwise pale skin and bulbous nose . 
 a bottle of some kind lay beside him , tipped over , with most of its dark contents drying on the stone flooring . 
 `` jesus christ , '' karen said . 
 she knelt down in front of him , unconcerned with her blasphemy . 
 `` wake up , you drunken dolt . '' 
 with no response forthcoming , she tapped on his cheeks . 
 after a second she recognized the golden opportunity and cocked her arm back . 
 with a grin that felt like it spread from ear to ear , she slapped him in the face as hard as she could . 
 the crack echoed through the room , making it all the more fun for her . 
 the impact sent his body off to the side , landing on top of the bottle . 
 the booze soaked through his black robes and hair . 
 karen hoped it might make him smell a little better . 
 `` i 'm awake ! '' 
 he rubbed his cheek , which was turning a brighter shade of red . 
 `` what 'd you have to hit me for ? '' 
 pushing himself back into a seated position , he glared at karen with a deep-seated disdain . 
 `` how dare you enter this holy place , whore . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` trying my best not to catch on fire , '' she said . 
 `` though it does n't look like i 'm any more sacrilegious than you are . '' 
 sneering at her , he reached around for his bottle . 
 his shoulders slumped with he noticed that most of it had spilled on the floor . 
 karen wondered if she could get away with slapping him again . 
 `` get out of here and leave me in peace , whore . '' 
 `` the last place i want to be is here with you . 
 the sheriff sent me down to collect your sorry ass . 
 some people are hurt back down the street and they need you to look at them . '' 
 judging from his appearance , karen was n't sure that he was capable of taking care of a dog right now . 
 `` if you think i 'm going somewhere with a filthy -- '' `` yes , we know i 'm a whore , but your services are needed , as sad and pathetic as they may be . '' 
 the doc looked like he was formulating a retort , so karen decided to appeal to his needs rather than his heart . 
 `` the injured are waiting for you at the saloon . 
 ellis will most likely be obliged to take care of you while you tend to the wounded . '' 
 randy perked up at that , his eyes alight with anticipation . 
 `` well , if people are in need , the lord demands i offer my services . '' 
 karen really wanted to slap him again . 
 `` you said ` people ' . 
 how many are we talking ? '' 
 `` at least five , maybe more though . '' 
 `` five ? 
 what happened to them ? '' 
 `` two of them were bit , one was eaten alive , and the others were attacked with arrows , guns , and a tomahawk . '' 
 the doc , who was still struggling to get to his feet , stopped and gave her a disbelieving look . 
 `` do n't toy with me , heathen . 
 i have n't time to play games . '' 
 karen sighed and looked to the ceiling of the chapel , as if looking for guidance . 
 `` knowing that i ca n't stand the sight of you , why would i lie , as that would only prolong the agony of your company ? '' 
 the doctor smirked as he straightened out his black clothing . 
 `` what you 're saying does n't make sense . 
 two people were bit and one was eaten alive ? 
 by what , wolves ? '' 
 turning , karen started walking back to the entrance . 
 `` by two strange men that no one recognized . 
 they were the ones that were shot and axed . '' 
 she could hear randy plodding down the aisle behind her . 
 `` two men are running around eating people ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your whoredom has rotted your mind . '' 
 `` no more than booze and stupidity has rotted yours . '' 
 while doctor randy retrieved his medical supplies , karen decided to wait outside . 
 standing in the dusty street , she looked in the direction of the railroad tracks . 
 the rail sat about two hundred yards away , at the end of the town . 
 squinting against the setting sun , she could see four people walking out of the front door of a brown home . 
 staggering was more like it though ; they seemed to meander around the street aimlessly . 
 a scream burst through the silence , forcing her nerves back on edge . 
 the voice had come from a home much closer . 
 the wandering people turned in a slow , jerky manner and plodded in the direction of the scream . 
 two doors down , a child and an elderly woman emerged from a faded house and teetered in her direction . 
 the entire scene gave karen an uneasy feeling . 
 `` let 's go , hooker , '' doc said from behind her . 
 she jumped at his voice , not realizing how entranced she 'd been by the bizarre situation . 
 `` did you hear that scream ? 
 it sounded like a child . '' 
 `` i did n't hear anything . 
 let 's get going , i need a dri ... i mean , people need my help . '' 
 turning around , karen walked toward the saloon at a brisk pace . 
 another scream , much closer , gave both of them pause . 
 `` do n't tell me your holy ass did n't hear that ? '' 
 `` i wo n't stand for back talk from whores , '' he said , his voice brimming with indignation . 
 `` i heard it , but there are other people that need me first . 
 i 'll come back when i 've finished at the bar . '' 
 when you 've finished drinking at the bar , that is , karen thought . 
 as they walked back to the saloon , karen kept looking back over her shoulder , trying to keep an eye on the people behind them . 
 by the time they arrived , she 'd seen more than twenty people crowding into the street . 
 she had a feeling things were about to go from bad to worse . 
 chapter 6 mccall had witnessed some horrible things in his life , but watching a nephew eat his uncle topped the list . 
 the viciousness with which the boy killed his own kin shocked mccall to his core . 
 the sheriff had n't died easy or quick . 
 after several minutes , his screams began quieting as he choked on his own blood . 
 when the boy first went to work on his uncle , mccall had yelled and banged on the bars , trying to get the attention away from the sheriff . 
 no man deserved to die like that . 
 as it became clear that nothing would distract the deputy , mccall sat on his cot and watched the scene play out while he tried to deduce a means of escape . 
 blood and gore covered the surroundings . 
 the young deputy did n't seem to believe in dining room etiquette while he ate people . 
 he 'd dug into the sheriff 's stomach , pulling out his innards , which now decorated the walls , floor , and weaponry . 
 shortly after the last of stanley 's dying gurgles , his nephew abruptly stopped . 
 slowly turning , he looked at mccall with his black , soulless eyes . 
 mccall did n't flinch , and returned the intense look . 
 during their brief stare down , mccall wondered if fear and intimidation would work on the boy , or whatever it was he had become , the way it did on animals and people . 
 it did n't . 
 the deputy rose and staggered toward the cell , his outstretched arms reaching through the bars like the two men to the right . 
 a loop of intestines hung from his left shoulder , sprinkling its foul contents with every jarring step . 
 the entire room smelled of copper and shit . 
 looking back at the boy , mccall felt he had been right to say these were no longer men . 
 something had changed them , and it did n't look like they would ever be the same again . 
 over the deputy 's shoulder , through the door to the jailhouse , mccall spotted a few people meandering by the door . 
 though the jail was filled with the moans of the three monsters surrounding him , he could hear similar sounds coming from the street . 
 if there were more people like this outside , then mccall was n't so sure that escape was his best option . 
 maybe he should ride this out until someone came and took care of deputy aaron , and whoever else was wandering the streets . 
 his cell , which seemed like a death trap only moments before , could be his salvation . 
 all things considered , he was relatively safe in here . 
 when he 'd first been locked up , he 'd checked every bar , shaking them vigorously as he looked for any weakness . 
 he did n't find any . 
 what if no one came before the marshals arrived tomorrow afternoon ? 
 what good would the protection of his cell do if he 'd be hanging in the gallows tomorrow anyway ? 
 besides , who was going to save him from these things in an unarmed town ? 
 without guns , he was n't sure anyone could defend themselves , let alone mount a rescue to save a jailed outlaw . 
 mccall rose from his cot , coming within a few inches of aaron 's reach . 
 moving to his left , he kept a close eye on the kid , studying the boy 's reaction . 
 instead of retracting his arms and moving closer , the deputy tried to stretch through the gaps in the bars even further . 
 he was acting like an animal and did n't seem to have any kind of problem solving capabilities . 
 spotting the gun sitting against aaron 's hip , mccall squared off in front of him , just out of his reach . 
 if he moved fast enough , he could remove the gun from its holster and shoot the deputy down . 
 that would solve one problem . 
 unfortunately , mccall had watched sheriff stanley put the cell 's key into his pocket . 
 the lawman 's body was a good ten feet away -- there was no chance of reaching him . 
 the setting sun had begun casting long , dark shadows across the floor and walls . 
 the angle of the light made it difficult to see the other side of the room for mccall . 
 when a woman stepped into the doorway , mccall could n't make out any of her features . 
 she stood in the door in silence . 
 her silhouette did n't betray any information as to her mental state . 
 `` lady , i suggest you run on out of here just as fast as you can , '' mccall said . 
 she did n't respond . 
 mccall drew in breath to yell more warnings , when the moan escaped her . 
 damn . 
 her body pitched forward , propelling her through the door and into the office area . 
 paying no attention to the sheriff 's body , she crossed the room and stumbled into the back of the deputy . 
 the force of the collision slammed his head against the iron bars on either side of his face . 
 mccall watched closely , looking for any sign of anger or pain ; anything that would come close to an emotion other than the empty , yet somehow ravenous , look that stuck there . 
 nothing registered on his face . 
 the woman managed her way around the deputy with a dearth of grace , settling in beside him . 
 a massive hunk of flesh was missing from her neck . 
 the front of her yellow dress was adorned with what had once been white daisies . 
 now that they were caked with blood and dirt , the flowers resembled something from an artist 's nightmare . 
 large patches of blonde hair were absent from her scalp , some of which now stuck to her gore soaked clothing . 
 with two of these things in front of his cell , mccall decided that if he was going to get out of this mess , it would have to be soon . 
 there was no telling how many more stalked the streets . 
 thrusting his right forearm up , he slammed it against both of the deputy 's arms , pushing them high and away . 
 dropping to a knee , he reached through the bars with his left hand and grabbed the pistol that hung from aaron 's hip . 
 as he pulled back on the butt of the gun , the hammer caught against the holster . 
 mccall yanked on the gun , jamming the deputy against the bars , but did n't free the pistol . 
 lifting up instead of back , mccall managed pull the gun clear . 
 as he did a pair of hands grabbed the collar of his shirt , reeling him forward . 
 the brim of his hat struck the bars and toppled from his head . 
 the gaping mouthed woman pulled him closer . 
 mccall grabbed onto her wrist , trying to wrench her hand free of his clothing . 
 separating them on his second attempt , he shoved her arm away just as aaron got both of his hands around the back of mccall 's neck . 
 dropping the gun behind him , mccall put his left hand against the nearest bar and pushed himself away from aaron 's bloody mouth . 
 the woman , seeing his hand on the bar , bobbed her head down , missing his fingers by inches . 
 her crooked teeth clanged against the bar , shattering several of them . 
 jerking his hand away from the bar , mccall barely got it out of the way of her second attempt . 
 her mouth hit the bar again and her jagged teeth tore into her lower lip . 
 without the ability to place his hands on the bars , mccall was slowly being pulled into aaron 's waiting maw . 
 struggling against his hands , mccall tried to pull them away from his neck , but could n't break aaron 's grip . 
 the only thing preventing his impending doom was one of the other men in the neighboring cell . 
 he 'd managed to grab onto mccall 's shoulder and was pulling him in the opposite direction . 
 swinging his head around in wide , frantic arcs , mccall looked for anything that could help him . 
 a shaft of light glinted off a barely visible piece of the axe blade that was buried in the man 's chest . 
 reaching out with his right hand , mccall grabbed the handle of the axe and tore it from his chest . 
 the blade scraped against the man 's ribs as it pulled free , sending bits of white bone and red tissue falling to the floor . 
 lifting the tomahawk above his head , mccall brought it down on the left elbow of the deputy . 
 the blade was dull and did n't do the damage that the outlaw hoped for , but it was enough to loosen aaron 's grip a bit . 
 mccall rained another blow down on the joint , cutting through most of the tissue . 
 the grip strength in that hand evaporated and mccall was able to force himself away . 
 the other man 's hand remained on his shirt , but mccall was able to extract himself from it with a quick jerk of his shoulder . 
 falling back on his cot , he took long , deep breaths . 
 in front of him stood aaron , pressing against the cell , with outstretched arms . 
 the one mccall had taken the axe to hung at the elbow . 
 a patch of skin and muscle were all that held his arm intact with only a small amount of blood pattering the floor . 
 no pain or concern registered on aaron 's face . 
 mad dog mccall had never imagined , let alone witnessed , anything like this . 
 he was n't sure anyone had . 
 a moan from yet another source wafted into the cell . 
 movement caught mccall 's eyes from behind aaron 's legs . 
 the sheriff , lying on the floor , covered in his own blood and organs , turned his head and looked at mccall with black eyes . 
 chapter 7 `` if you are n't going to be of use and fetch me a drink , then get away from me , you shitty haired whore , '' doctor randy said , glowering at karen . 
 `` shitty haired − '' ellis said , before cutting himself off . 
 `` are you drunk , doc ? '' 
 the doctor looked up from dave 's wounded leg and gave ellis a reproachful look . 
 `` just because i partake in the occasional spirit does not mean that i am drunk . '' 
 `` well , you look worse than dave does and it seems like the reaper 's tapping on his shoulder . '' 
 dave was lying on the bar ; grimacing every time randy touched his leg . 
 he popped his head up at the mention of his name . 
 `` am i going to die ? '' 
 he asked the doctor , his voice wavering with fear . 
 anthony stood beside randy , watching the work being done . 
 `` nobody 's dying . 
 especially not from a leg bite , '' he said as he cuffed dave on the crown of his head . 
 `` do n't hit me , boss ! 
 i 'm not feeling so good . '' 
 zed , the older man with the injured hand , took a shot of whiskey and stood from the table he sat at with his two sons . 
 dark bags colored the undersides of his eyes . 
 karen could n't remember if they had been there before or not . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that in all my years . 
 no man can take bullets like that . 
 never seen anyone take an axe to the chest either . '' 
 doctor randy poured some clear alcohol over dave 's leg , causing him to scream out in pained shock . 
 anthony slapped the side of his face . 
 `` do n't hit me , boss ! '' 
 `` what you 're saying is n't possible , '' randy said . 
 he patted dave on the thigh as he rose from his chair . 
 `` just lie here for awhile and rest . '' 
 `` he ai n't lyin ' . 
 we kicked the livin ' hell out of one of them , and he just kept gettin ' up . 
 we all saw it , '' ellis said . 
 walking over to zed 's table , randy grabbed the bottle and took a long swig from it . 
 too long to please karen , but she did n't want to start more bickering . 
 `` you have to be over exaggerating how much damage the man took . '' 
 holding the bottle in one hand , randy reached out for zed 's hand . 
 `` did the same man bite you ? '' 
 `` no , it was the other one . 
 they were both acting like rabid dogs , trying to bite everything in sight , '' zed said . 
 after a few seconds of inspecting the wound on zed 's hand , the doctor poured some of the whiskey over it . 
 `` that should take care of it for you , '' randy said before drinking from the bottle again . 
 karen could n't take it anymore . 
 `` is that all you 're going to do ? 
 we could have done that ourselves and spared us the displeasure of your company . '' 
 `` watch your mouth with me , whore . '' 
 barbara had been sitting at a table in the far corner of the room , batting her eyes at john , one of zed 's boys . 
 lauren sat beside her , sipping at a glass . 
 she was the only other girl working that night . 
 `` do n't act all holy around us . 
 just last week you came in the back door of this place and we had us some fun , '' she said . 
 apparently barbara had enough of the doctor as well . 
 the doc 's rosy cheeks turned a deep red as he looked around at everyone . 
 he started to speak , but only managed a few sputters . 
 ellis walked to the middle of the room and took charge . 
 `` now look , i do n't want to hear any more of -- '' he said before stopping . 
 cocking his ear in the direction of the front door , he stood in silence for several seconds . 
 rob , the bigger of zed 's sons , rose from his chair . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 ellis said . 
 everyone froze in place , listening . 
 then karen heard them . 
 moans coming from the street . 
 lauren walked over to where ellis stood , her knee high skirt pulling every man 's eye in the place to her . 
 she liked to call that skirt her ` money maker ' , because it always guaranteed someone would throw money her way . 
 karen was n't too surprised to see that it drew men 's gazes even in a situation like this . 
 `` what is that ? 
 is someone sick ? '' 
 she said . 
 ellis took a few tentative steps toward the door . 
 `` that sounds an awful lot like those two men the sheriff just took away . '' 
 no one else moved a muscle . 
 karen felt her body tensing and forced her muscles to relax . 
 peering over the top of the saloon doors , he stood there for several seconds , looking down the street to his left . 
 the moans continued to grow louder . 
 `` there are a whole lot of people walking around that look just like those men . 
 i see mrs. armstrong walking this way . 
 her − '' his voice caught in his throat . 
 `` oh jesus ! 
 her eye is out ! 
 it 's hanging on her cheek ! '' 
 karen ran to the window and looked in the same direction as ellis . 
 people littered the street . 
 they moved about in a jerky fashion , as if their knees were n't bending properly . 
 most of them had blood caked to their clothing . 
 some were missing limbs . 
 `` they 're everywhere , '' karen said , more to herself than anyone else . 
 `` i recognize most of them ; they live in town . 
 what 's going on out there ? '' 
 doctor randy walked over to the door and stood beside ellis . 
 `` what are you two going on about ? '' 
 he must have seen mrs. armstrong because his tone changed from condescension to horror . 
 `` oh my god . 
 ma'am , you need help ! 
 come over here and let me help you ! '' 
 he yelled through the door . 
 `` no , you fool ! '' 
 ellis grabbed at his shoulder , trying to keep him from leaving the saloon . 
 a raspy , wheezing sound came from the other side of the door , grabbing everyone 's attention . 
 the man that stumbled into the saloon had been burned beyond recognition . 
 his entire body was blackened , with bits of charred clothing stuck to oozing skin and muscle . 
 the smell of burned hair and flesh emanating from him made karen nauseous . 
 smoke rose from his head and shoulders . 
 he grabbed at the black , alcohol soaked robes randy wore , but his fingers were too damaged to grip anything . 
 tripping over his own feet , the doctor fell to the ground and landed on his ass . 
 he held his hands out in front of him , trying to ward off the monstrosity . 
 ellis shoved the man in the chest , throwing him through the double doors . 
 from the window , karen watched as his charred body fell off the porch , rolling into the street head over heels . 
 `` bring some tables over here , now ! '' 
 ellis said from the doorway . 
 `` impossible , '' randy said from the floor . 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 rob and john jumped from the chairs , knocking them over behind them . 
 each grabbed an edge of their square table and tipped it sideways , sending its bottle and glasses crashing to the floor . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 ellis said . 
 `` more of them are headed this way ! '' 
 zed 's sons dropped the table on its side at the base of the door and pushed it flush against the frame . 
 `` we need another table and more weight , '' rob said . 
 karen grabbed lauren by the elbow , pulling her from her chair . 
 `` grab the other end of this table . '' 
 `` i do n't underst − '' `` just do it , '' karen said . 
 lauren seemed like she wanted to continue to protest , but a quick glance at karen 's face took the fight out of her . 
 as they lifted the table to put it on top of the other one , karen could see mrs. armstrong on the other side of the door . 
 blood and pus ran down her cheek from the empty socket where her right eye had once been . 
 the eye swayed back and forth with every step , smacking against her nose and cheekbone with a watery softness . 
 a groan escaped her throat when she saw karen and lauren . 
 known as the finest seamstress in gehenna , mrs. armstrong had personally made several of karen 's favorite dresses . 
 she specialized in working with fine stitching due to her dexterous hands and sharp eyesight . 
 when lauren spotted mrs. armstrong , she dropped her end of the table and ran to the stairs , taking them two at a time , screeching the entire way . 
 the weight of the falling table dragged karen forward , pulling her within reaching distance of mrs. armstrong . 
 karen could feel bony , jagged fingers snagging her hair and tugging at her scalp . 
 strong hands grabbed her shoulders and ripped her back through the doorway , sending her pinwheeling into the bar . 
 ellis punched the elderly woman in the face , mashing her dangling eyeball and knocking her out of the door . 
 as she fell backward from the force of the blow , ellis took hold of both sides of the table and jammed it on top of the first , closing off the door . 
 anthony came up behind him with several chairs under each arm . 
 `` those ai n't heavy enough ; we need − '' the tables pitched forward , falling against ellis ' back . 
 planting his feet against the floor , ellis pushed back against the tables . 
 strands bulged from his neck as he struggled to block the door again . 
 on the other side of the table , mrs. armstrong and the burned man fought against his momentum , trying to force their way inside the saloon . 
 `` help me , damn it ! '' 
 john came up beside them and put his considerable weight against the tables , giving the extra push needed to put them flush with the door . 
 `` anthony , take my place . 
 i 've got a hammer and nails behind the bar , '' ellis said . 
 the tables budged a few inches as they changed positions . 
 though anthony was n't a small man , he weighed much less than the rotund ellis , and he struggled to hold the barricade in place . 
 barbara stood by one of the windows , peering through a dirty pane . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 is everyone sick ? '' 
 in the distance , more screams could be heard above the faint moans and groans . 
 `` we 'll figure that out later . 
 get some tables against those windows ! '' 
 ellis said to rob . 
 squeezing his plump body around the bar , he started rooting around the shelving under the counter . 
 the thunder of gunshots filled the streets . 
 `` that must have come from the sheriff 's office , '' karen said . 
 dave lifted his head from the bar and looked at anthony . 
 `` you think sheriff stanley is having trouble with those guys that bit us ? '' 
 `` if i was n't busy right now , i 'd smack the hell out of you , '' anthony said as he struggled against the table . 
 zed watched the growing throng of people in the street as he worked at barricading the other window . 
 `` more of them are coming every second ... '' rob and barbara were busy placing tables by the windows while ellis came back to the front door with a hammer and canning jar filled with nails . 
 he had to step over the doctor who was sprawled on the floor , watching the action with hysteria in his eyes . 
 `` hold it steady , '' ellis said . 
 as he started on the first nail , zed started teetering on his feet as if he 'd lost his balance . 
 karen slid a chair over and placed it behind his knees . 
 `` what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 his skin seemed to have thinned , like it had been stretched too far , and his eyes looked like they were bugging out of his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i feel sick as a − '' he said , before vomiting on the floor . 
 standing with his hands on his knees , he tried to straighten his back before crumpling down . 
 his body landed in a disturbing seated position with his head hanging down . 
 `` pa ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` pa ! '' 
 he stepped away from the table , intent on seeing to his ailing father . 
 the moment he did , the table buckled in before john threw his back into it again . 
 another shot barked from down the street . 
 chapter 8 mccall watched in disbelief as the sheriff tried to sit up . 
 most of his midsection was gone , strewn around the room in every direction . 
 sheriff stanley struggled for several moments to get to a seated position , as he did n't have any abdominal muscles . 
 eventually he rolled to his side and pushed himself to his feet . 
 his torso wobbled as he walked to the front of mccall 's cell . 
 with every step it seemed like his body might break in half . 
 a trail of intestines dragged behind him , cutting a bloody swath through the dust on the floor . 
 everything mccall had witnessed so far today seemed impossible , but watching a dead man rise and walk was more than he could take . 
 it felt as if the very foundation of his sanity was being eroded away by one event after another . 
 looking at the massive hole in the middle of the sheriff 's body , mccall could see the man 's ribs and the column of his spine . 
 as he watched , a chunk of one of his organs fell from the cavity and landed at his feet with a sickening plop . 
 he needed to escape before it was too late . 
 marshals or no , he could n't stay in here , surrounded by walking corpses . 
 picking up the deputy 's pistol from the floor , he stood and faced the sheriff . 
 fanning the hammer with his left hand , he put two rapid-fire shots into stanley 's chest , aiming for his heart . 
 the impacts sent the sheriff back a half step , his upper body bobbing precariously at its tipping point . 
 but he pressed against the cage moments later , resuming his unsuccessful attempts at reaching mccall . 
 wisps of smoke emerged from the two holes in his chest , just above the gaping chasm that used to be his stomach . 
 mccall knew that these were n't men anymore , and at that moment he did n't care to know what exactly they had become either . 
 the only information he wanted now was how to kill them . 
 he knew , from the two men to his right , that arrows and axes to the heart did n't do anything . 
 the deputy 's nearly severed arm told him that they did n't feel any pain . 
 and the three holes in the sheriff 's body told him that bullets and disembowelment had no effect . 
 picking up the tomahawk , he looked at the dull , gore covered blade . 
 if they could n't be killed , perhaps he could dismember them , disabling their ability to attack him . 
 too messy and tiring . 
 he 'd be exhausted before he could finish the job . 
 and he did n't know how many more of these things roamed the streets . 
 then he thought of hunting . 
 what do you do with a wounded animal ? 
 you cut its throat if you have a sharp knife , which he did n't . 
 or you shoot in the head if you could afford using the extra bullet . 
 dropping the axe , he switched the pistol to his right hand and cocked the hammer back with his thumb . 
 lifting the gun , he aimed at the sheriff 's forehead and fired . 
 the back of stanley 's head exploded , showering his desk and the window beside it with skull fragments and brain tissue . 
 his limbs stiffened as he fell back , crashing into the desk and crumpling to the floor . 
 mccall watched the corpse closely , looking for any signs of movement . 
 there were none . 
 content with the result , he turned to the woman , pointed the pistol at her head , and pulled the trigger . 
 nothing happened . 
 after opening the cylinder , mccall tipped the bullets into his palm . 
 only casings remained , all of the rounds spent . 
 mccall tried to remember how many shots he heard the deputy shoot in the street , and the number he used on the sheriff just now . 
 throwing the pistol to the ground in frustration , he grabbed the tomahawk and stood in front of the woman and the deputy . 
 knowing what he had to do did n't make it any easier . 
 shooting someone was one thing , but hacking at them with an axe seemed more personal . 
 drawing a deep breath , he grasped at reassurance by telling himself they were n't people anymore . 
 they were no more than mindless beasts . 
 if the boy could eat his uncle alive , then there could n't have been any part of who he used to be inside the shell of his body . 
 using his left forearm , he battered the woman 's outstretched arms down , giving him a clear path to her head . 
 with all his strength , he brought the tomahawk down in a shallow arc , embedding it in her skull . 
 strands of long blond hair , sliced by the axe , drifted to the floor , catching rays of light along the way . 
 the woman slumped down , landing on her ass and pulling the axe with her . 
 mccall kept a tight grip on the handle , afraid of losing his last weapon . 
 the weight of the body drifted away from the cell , pulling mccall shoulder deep between the bars . 
 realizing how exposed his outstretched arm was , he heaved on the tomahawk , trying to wrench it free . 
 what used to be deputy aaron looked down at the tantalizing limb and dropped his chomping mouth for it without pulling his arms free of the bars first . 
 mccall gave one last tug on the axe , felt it give slightly , before releasing it as the deputy 's teeth snagged his sleeve . 
 a shred of his clothing tore away as he retracted his arm , flapping loosely from aaron 's bloody teeth . 
 the woman 's body fell over , landing on its back . 
 the axe sat two feet past mccall 's reach . 
 `` shit . '' 
 mccall slumped against the wall , cursing himself for not anticipating the turn of events . 
 his eyes darted over the room again , searching for anything that could help him . 
 nothing sat within his reach . 
 looking at the two men to his right , mccall remembered the broken arrows sticking from their backs . 
 his movement was a blur as he grabbed the nearest man 's extended arm and pulled him tight against the bars . 
 moving to his right , he reached his arm into the other cell . 
 careful of the man 's gnashing jaw ; he grabbed one of the arrows and tore it free . 
 fortunately , it was n't buried deep in the muscle , making it possible to liberate without much force . 
 releasing the man 's arm , mccall jumped back to the middle of his cell . 
 he flipped the shaft in his hand , angling the spade shaped arrowhead out of the bottom of his fist . 
 aaron had resumed his mindless reaching by the door . 
 mccall threw his body into the deputy 's arms , driving the arrow into his eye . 
 the puncture produced a distinct pop as the shaft drove forward until mccall 's hand rested against aaron 's cheek . 
 the deputy 's hands , which had encircled mad dog 's neck , clenched tighter before slumping to his sides . 
 mccall let the arrow slip from his hand as deputy aaron 's body collapsed on top of the woman in the flowered dress . 
 crashing into his cot , he closed his eyes and tried to ignore the sounds coming from the cell next to him . 
 he was beginning to question what was more important to him ; escaping the damned moaning , or saving his own life . 
 dropping to his hands and knees , he reached through the bars , trying to grab a hold of the pant leg of the sheriff . 
 the key sitting in his front pocket was mccall 's only hope . 
 extending his shoulder as far into the gap as possible allowed him to just reach the bottom cuff . 
 wrapping his fingers around it , he pulled gently , fearful of tearing the fabric . 
 if sheriff stanley 's body had been intact , it would have been impossible to slide him across the floor using the cuff of his pants . 
 but because his nephew had an early lunch , he weighed significantly less . 
 even at its new , smaller size , mccall 's muscles strained under the weight of the corpse . 
 the process proved slow and agonizing as the body inched closer . 
 mccall paused several times , switching arms due to cramps in his hands . 
 after what seemed an eternity , the leg was close enough to get both of his hands around it . 
 sliding the legs through until the crotch jammed against the bars allowed mccall to reach into the pocket and fetch his salvation . 
 the click as the lock opened was the greatest sound he 'd ever heard . 
 not even the sight of the bodies blocking the door could take away his elation . 
 throwing his shoulder against it , he pushed with all of his strength . 
 the men in the other cell continued their never ending groans as the door gradually eked open . 
 after snagging his hat , he slid through the small opening and stuffed it on his head . 
 straightening his legs , he took the first steps of his renewed freedom . 
 standing in the center of the jailhouse , in a pool of the sheriff 's blood , mccall looked at the guns strewn around the room and smiled . 
 chapter 9 by the time ellis had finished nailing the table to the door frame his clothes were drenched with sweat . 
 now he was working on the windows with anthony , but his pace had slowed considerably . 
 rob and john were tending to their collapsed father , stretching him out on the floor . 
 `` he ai n't breathing ! '' 
 rob said with a panic strewn voice . 
 he kept caressing the old man 's head , petting the bald area like someone might do to their pet . 
 the doctor had partially regained his wits , what was left of them , and switched to his reverend manner . 
 `` what kind of devilry is this ? '' 
 he asked over and over again . 
 thumps surrounded them , as the people outside beat against the walls , windows , and tables . 
 their intensity increased with every passing second , forcing everyone to question the safety provided by their makeshift fortifications . 
 karen tried her best to keep calm as she stacked bags of flour and barrels of beer against the tables securing the door . 
 anything that had weight to it was thrown on the pile . 
 she 'd been attempting to analyze the situation for the past few minutes , but could n't make any sense of what was happening . 
 her friends and neighbors were walking the streets with missing limbs and bite marks on their skin , oblivious to their wounds . 
 only they were n't her friends anymore ; they attacked anyone they encountered that did n't suffer the same ailment . 
 what could turn common people into such ruthless murderers ? 
 `` do n't start preaching , doc . 
 we need to figure out what 's going on , not get a sermon , '' she said . 
 `` this is satan 's work , i 'm sure of it ! '' 
 karen ignored him and looked at ellis . 
 `` could it be some kind of disease ? '' 
 ellis stopped hammering the nails for a moment and considered her . 
 `` you 're the one who reads all the books . 
 you ever hear of a disease that makes people eat each other ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said , her shoulders slumping . 
 `` that 's because there 's only one book that explains evil , '' randy said . 
 `` they had arrows sticking out of their backs . 
 maybe they 're injuns , '' anthony said , ignoring the doctor . 
 `` they were white men , not red . 
 maybe it 's an injun curse ? '' 
 ellis asked . 
 `` it 's a curse , but it 's not injun , '' doc randy said . 
 `` curses are n't real , '' karen said . 
 `` but those arrows do point to them coming from the reservation . 
 maybe the sioux are suffering from the same thing . '' 
 everyone stood in silence , contemplating the situation . 
 `` rabies ! '' 
 karen shouted . 
 `` what the hell do babies have to do with anything ? '' 
 anthony asked . 
 `` not babies , rabies . 
 with an r. have you ever seen a dog go mad ? 
 frothing at the mouth and biting anything in its way ? 
 that 's rabies . 
 maybe this is some kind of variation . '' 
 she could see that nobody was following her . 
 `` did anyone recognize the woman they were eating ? 
 was she a local or did she come with them ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 no one spoke up . 
 `` dave , where did you put her ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 the woman had slipped her mind during the chaos . 
 dave 's head lolled to the side . 
 he looked worse with each passing minute . 
 `` i carried her upstairs and put her in one of the girls ' rooms . 
 she was so eaten up ; i could n't bear having her down here where i 'd have to see her . 
 hurt my leg getting her up there too . '' 
 `` we should take a look at her . 
 maybe there 's some kind of − '' a scream from the second floor cut karen off . 
 `` that was lauren ! '' 
 ellis said . 
 he dropped his jar of nails , scattering its contents , and started across the room to the stairs . 
 `` he 's getting up , '' john said from behind karen . 
 `` i knew he was going to be okay . '' 
 zed sat up with a groan , as if the movement took a great effort . 
 he pivoted his head in a slow , fitful manner and looked at karen . 
 his appearance resembled the people outside trying to force their way into the saloon ; black , dead eyes and translucent skin . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 karen looked around for a weapon and saw nothing . 
 `` ellis , wait ! 
 we need you over here ! '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 he 's my father , '' rob said . 
 `` come on , pa. . 
 let 's get you a drink . '' 
 swaying around , zed turned his lifeless gaze at his son . 
 in that instant , recognition spread across rob 's face . 
 he was struck by the realization that his father was n't right , but that moment of clarity came too late . 
 zed pounced on his son , sinking his rotting teeth into the unshaven tissue of rob 's neck . 
 blood arced through the air , spurting out of the wound as zed pulled his head back , shaking the flesh hanging from his teeth like a dog with a toy . 
 john grabbed his father by the shoulders and pulled him away from his marred brother . 
 when zed bit at his hand , john shoved him away , sending him to the ground , and turned back to his sibling . 
 `` robbie ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he had an odd confusion in his mannerisms , as if he did n't understand what was happening . 
 rob had managed to crawl a few feet away , but was now lying motionless on the floor as blood squirted rhythmically from his gashed throat . 
 karen sidestepped across the room , standing between zed and barbara , protective instinct guiding her . 
 `` watch out ! '' 
 ellis said , stomping past them . 
 zed had stumbled back to his feet and was advancing at his boys again . 
 ellis dropped his shoulder into john , throwing him aside , before falling on zed with the hammer . 
 ellis ' momentum and heft bowled the older man over , sending him to the floor once again . 
 the sun flashed from the head of the hammer as it rose and fell , over and over on zed 's chest . 
 the reports of splintering bones filled the room . 
 john , recovered from his shove , grappled with ellis , trying to pull him away from his father . 
 the massive men looked like two bears wrestling on their hind legs . 
 `` get off me ! 
 he ai n't your old man anymore ! 
 look at him ! '' 
 ellis pointed at zed , who was struggling to a standing position . 
 his chest had caved in from the hammer blows , his ribcage bowing inward . 
 karen could n't understand how he could still be alive . 
 none of his organs could have been functioning properly , yet he continued to move about . 
 ceasing his struggle , john gaped in horror as his father approached them with his mouth nipping at the air . 
 `` he killed your brother ! 
 that ai n't your father ! '' 
 ellis descended upon the elderly man again , this time sinking the claw end of the hammer in the top of zed 's head . 
 one last groan escaped him before his body fell to the side and lay silent on the floor . 
 `` pa ! '' 
 john said , fumbling at the hammer . 
 `` you killed him ! '' 
 ellis looked down at the man whose entire family had been killed in the past thirty seconds . 
 `` he 's not getting back up ... '' karen watched zed 's body , waiting for it to stir . 
 `` what 's keeping him down this time ? '' 
 ellis asked . 
 `` you hit him in the head instead of the body . 
 is that it ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 `` what kind of devilry is this ? '' 
 randy screamed from the back of the room . 
 his voice would soon hit notes that humans could n't hear . 
 `` shut up , you damned fool ! '' 
 karen said . 
 there was enough going on without having to deal with that idiot . 
 `` you killed my father , '' john said again , defeat in his voice . 
 karen stared at zed , unable to fathom what could turn a man feral in a matter of moments . 
 and why only him ? 
 if it was a disease , how did that translate into surviving his chest being caved in ? 
 anthony had edged to the bar by dave , giving a wide berth to the decimated family . 
 `` get up . 
 there 's too much going on for you to keep lying around . '' 
 dave did n't move . 
 `` get up , damn it , '' anthony said , cuffing dave on the side of his head . 
 even though karen was on the other side of the room , she could see that something was n't right . 
 `` anthony , i do n't think i 'd − '' dave 's eyes flashed open . 
 turning his head , he settled his inanimate gaze on anthony . 
 `` dave ? '' 
 anthony took a tentative step back . 
 lifting his arms in anthony 's direction caused him to roll from the bar , bouncing off the stools that sat beside it , and land on the floor . 
 the raspy , wheezing sounds coming from him made karen 's heart drop . 
 dave plodded toward anthony , his black eyes devoid of anything human . 
 ellis reached for the hammer embedded in zed 's head , but john fought against him . 
 `` you do n't touch him ! '' 
 john wailed as he pushed ellis ' arms away . 
 anthony moved backward , trying to distance himself from dave , but tripped over a chair and fell on the shattered glass of a bottle . 
 excruciating cries escaped him as he tried to roll away from the jagged pile . 
 the fresh blood sent dave into a frenzy . 
 he seized his boss , gnawing at the front of his shirt , forcing anthony further into the alcohol covered glass . 
 `` dave ! 
 no ! '' 
 his cries turned to whimpers as the pain in his back sapped his strength . 
 dave would overpower him within seconds . 
 karen felt a surge of energy flow through her as she moved across the room . 
 the sounds of turmoil surrounding her were drowned by the thunder of her racing heart . 
 she grabbed the back of dave 's shirt , attempting to yank him away from anthony . 
 dave 's derangement proved stronger as he continued crawling forward . 
 `` dave , stop ! 
 please ! '' 
 she kicked at his arms and back , frantically trying to get anthony free . 
 dave ignored her as he might a fly buzzing past him . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 anthony was losing the battle ; dave was inches from his throat . 
 spotting the leg of a broken table , karen snatched it from the floor and noticed a long , bent nail protruding from the top . 
 lifting it above her head , she took a position by anthony 's shoulder . 
 she hesitated . 
 even though he was n't the smartest man in the world , she had a soft spot for dave . 
 he 'd spent most of his life being pushed around and looked down upon , but never let it sour his spirit . 
 if anyone in gehenna did n't deserve this fate , it was him . 
 `` dave , please ! '' 
 `` do it ! '' 
 anthony cried . 
 `` i 'm sorry , david . '' 
 karen heard herself speaking , as if the words came from someone else . 
 she swung the table leg with both hands like she was splitting a log . 
 the nail punctured the back of dave 's head ; a thunk reverberated in the saloon as wood connected with skull . 
 barbara was screaming somewhere behind her , but the sound was dull and distant . 
 looking down at dave , a man that was her friend only minutes before , caused bile to rise once again . 
 this time she could n't stop it . 
 her midsection contracted so hard she thought she 'd never breathe again . 
 tears streamed down her cheeks as she continued to dry heave long after her stomach was empty . 
 ellis and john stopped fighting . 
 their shocked faces followed karen as she stumbled around . 
 the knots entangling her insides loosened enough for her to take a seat at the bottom of the stairs . 
 she watched through watery eyes as ellis dragged dave 's body away from his boss . 
 anthony whimpered as he tried to roll away from the glass . 
 judging from the amount of blood soaking his shirt , the cuts must have covered most of his back . 
 ellis carefully led him over to where doctor randy sat against the wall , babbling scripture to himself . 
 `` barbara , '' ellis said over his shoulder . 
 the sound of his voice cut through the fog that was descending on karen . 
 `` get some sheets from the closet and cover these poor bastards . '' 
 john stood in the center of room , gazing stupidly at the increasing amount of bodies . 
 while barbara busied herself with that task , heavy sobs still racking her body , ellis ripped the back of anthony 's shirt open to expose his lacerations . 
 fortunately , the doc stopped blathering long enough to inspect them . 
 `` bring me my bag ; i need my instruments , '' he said . 
 `` and bring another bottle of your finest . '' 
 ellis walked across the room , but did n't get the doctor 's bag . 
 instead he grabbed a stool and carried it behind the bar . 
 `` get it yourself . 
 i got business to take care of . '' 
 standing on the stool , he reached above the mirror mounted on the wall opposite the bar and grabbed the two civil war swords mounted on a plaque . 
 they would have been of great use a few minutes ago , but there had been no time to fetch them . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 `` lauren has n't come downstairs since she screamed . 
 we 're going to check on her . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` you 're coming with me . 
 everyone else is hurt or lost their mind , '' he said , stepping from the stool with a sword in each hand . 
 `` these are older than dirt , but they 're still sharp as hell . '' 
 `` and what good do you think i 'll do ? '' 
 `` you 're handling this madness better than any of us . 
 i 'll take care of anything we come across , but i need someone watching my back . '' 
 karen looked back at barbara . 
 she had resumed huddling in the corner , her sobs devolved to quiet weeping . 
 `` she 'll be okay . 
 we wo n't be long , '' ellis said . 
 karen took one of the swords from him , surprised at how light it was , and started for the stairs , uncertain of what lay ahead . 
 the continuous pounding of the infected surrounding the building did n't help her confidence . 
 chapter 10 mad dog mccall was loaded for bear . 
 two gun belts crisscrossed his waist , each holding a six shooter . 
 a lever action winchester rifle sat against his back , held in place by its leather sling . 
 he held a beat up double barrel shotgun in his left hand . 
 the tomahawk , which he 'd wrenched from the woman 's head , was secured in a hoop hanging just below the pistol on his right . 
 two ammo belts , one over each shoulder , overlapped in the center of his chest . 
 one held shotgun shells , with bullets for his pistols resting in the other . 
 he 'd stuffed his pockets full of rifle rounds . 
 his peacemaker , tucked inside the front of the pants , felt as reassuring as always . 
 he 'd need all the luck he could get to flee this town , and his colt had always brought him the best of it . 
 after freeing himself from the cell , he 'd closed the front door as quietly as possible . 
 he 'd snuck a peak outside first and did n't like what he 'd seen . 
 hundreds of people staggered around the town in the aimless , drunken stupor that he 'd come to recognize . 
 even with all this firepower his chance of survival in the street was slim . 
 checking the situation at the back door yielded the same result ; monsters everywhere . 
 while stocking up on guns and ammunition , he 'd spotted a trap door above the sheriff 's desk that led to the roof . 
 it did n't have any steps , but was only seven feet above the desk . 
 taking the tomahawk from its loop , mccall walked over to the barrels of black powder and started hacking at the closest one . 
 three or four swipes opened a hole several inches wide . 
 dropping the axe back into its place , he kicked the barrel over , spilling gunpowder on the floor . 
 walking to the other side of the jailhouse , he grabbed a lantern that he 'd already lit and jumped onto the desk . 
 reaching through the open door in the ceiling , he placed the lantern on the roof , followed by his shotgun . 
 hopping to the floor , he grabbed the open barrel of gunpowder and led a trail from the other kegs to the desk . 
 throwing the barrel back with the others , he grabbed boxes of ammunition and dumped them all over the floor and the powder kegs . 
 after emptying everything in sight he gave the room one more cursory glance , confirming he had everything he 'd need . 
 satisfied , he lifted the tomahawk from its loop and proceeded to the front door . 
 easing it open , he peeked out , ensuring nothing stood too close . 
 only one , of what he now thought of as ` moaners ' , walked within a dozen feet . 
 throwing the door open , he stepped through and brought the axe down on the crown of the nearest man . 
 the corpse dropped to the ground , kicking up billows of dust that mccall could barely make out in the darkening street . 
 `` who 's hungry ? '' 
 he shouted into the coming night . 
 every moaner in sight turned at the sound of his voice . 
 `` come and get it ! '' 
 hundreds of men , women , and children teetered in his direction , intent on doing just that . 
 mccall struck down the first two that arrived in quick succession , waiting as long as possible to spring his trap . 
 as more closed in , he turned and marched back into the jailhouse . 
 jumping onto the desk , he grabbed the door 's frame and began hoisting himself through the opening . 
 the wood under his hands felt spongy ; it suffered from severe rot and immediately crumbled under his weight . 
 his legs swung out from under him as he fell to the sheriff 's desk , the rifle slung across his back digging into muscle and bone . 
 air whooshed from his lungs upon impact , sending bursts of light across his field of vision . 
 three moaners ambled through the front door , one after the other , as mad dog writhed on the desk , sipping in air . 
 forcing himself to his feet , he grabbed another section of the roof and felt it break off in his hands . 
 he tried to curse , but he did n't have enough of a breath to form the word . 
 clutching at the other side of the door 's frame proved more successful . 
 his strength had n't recovered though , and he struggled to pull himself up . 
 the moaners clawed at his pants , their nails snagging on the seams . 
 a young boy , no more than twelve , tried to take a bite out of his calf . 
 he could n't get a grip on mad dog 's legs because one of his arms was missing . 
 it appeared to have been chewed off . 
 mccall kicked him the face and pulled himself up with what little strength he could muster , succeeding on willpower . 
 rolling to his back , he stared at the star filled sky , trying to remember how to breathe . 
 a light breeze blew across his face that he normally would have found refreshing , but today it brought the smell of death . 
 finally able to take a few breaths , mccall rolled to his side and looked through the hole in the roof . 
 the jailhouse was stuffed with moaners . 
 they were wall to wall , tripping over one another and sliding on the bloody floor . 
 a few shambling feet kicked at mad dog 's custom black powder fuse , alarming him as it rapidly thinned . 
 grabbing the shotgun and lantern , he stood over the trapdoor . 
 sneering at the monstrosities below , he raised the kerosene lamp . 
 `` see you in hell . '' 
 hurling it at the desk , he watched the smashed lantern send fire three feet in every direction . 
 a dozen of the closest people were set ablaze . 
 turning on his heels , mccall sprinted across the roof , vaulting onto the adjacent building . 
 the explosion was larger than he anticipated . 
 the concussion from the blast propelled him through the air , crashing him against the chimney on the far side of the next building . 
 what remained of the jailhouse burned like wildfire . 
 flaming debris flew in every direction , landing on the neighboring homes and shops . 
 the buildings on either side of the jail , and the one across the street , were already afire with plumes of smoke clouding the night sky . 
 the deafening roar of thousands of firing rounds of ammunition shook the town like an earthquake . 
 bullet riddled wood collapsed in on itself , causing a porch across the street to crumble in burning ruin . 
 the flames illuminated the entire area , displaying the chaos in the street . 
 many of the moaners careened around as fire devoured them . 
 streaks of blood and unrecognizable piles of tissue were scattered in every direction , shredded by the munitions . 
 despite severed limbs and dismembered bodies , several of the man-eaters continued to drag themselves along . 
 beyond the spreading fire , mccall could see even more approaching , attracted by the explosion and the flames . 
 he 'd wiped out a large group of them but attracted a giant horde in the process . 
 getting to his feet , he checked the mobility of his shoulder , unsure of the damage the chimney had done . 
 everything seemed to work properly , but he could already feel stiffness in the joint . 
 typically the streets would be dimly lit with lanterns , but tonight was an exception as everyone was preoccupied with eating one another . 
 the massive fire mccall started had the fortunate , if unintended , consequence of illuminating much of the town . 
 continuing across the rooftops , he worked his way down the street . 
 he did his best to avoid detection by sticking to the shadows and keeping his footsteps as light as possible . 
 the weight of the armory strapped to his body made the process difficult , but he refused to relinquish any of his weapons . 
 reaching the end of the block , he stopped at the edge of the last building and sat on the peak of the sloped roof . 
 escaping the cell bought him some time , but the situation in this town had gone to hell . 
 the moaners moved in a slow , jagged style , making it possible to outrun them . 
 but there were just too many ; he would n't get more than a few hundred feet before the sheer number of them overwhelmed him . 
 damage to their head seemed to be the only viable attack , making it much more difficult to shoot his way out . 
 the scattergun would be devastating at close range , but it only handled two shells at a time , rendering it ineffective in a group of them . 
 the rifle would be great at a distance , but lousy up close . 
 the pistols were his best bet if he got surrounded , but he would n't hit anything beyond twenty feet . 
 mccall did n't like his chances . 
 even if he could get clear of the town , without a horse he would n't make it far . 
 when the sun rose he 'd be no better than meat roasting on a spit . 
 then he heard the woman 's screams . 
 they were coming from across the street , in the saloon . 
 chapter 11 shadows flicked across every surface , playing tricks on karen 's eyes . 
 the candle in her hand shook uncontrollably as she inched down the hallway . 
 she tried to calm herself by taking deep breaths , but her hand quivered away , and the shadows continued their horrible dance . 
 the second floor consisted of two hallways that were connected by another that ran perpendicular to them . 
 the stairs joined that third hall in the middle , where karen now stood , trying to block out thoughts of what she had done to dave . 
 there were six bedrooms upstairs , three to the left and three to the right . 
 ellis had insisted that she stand at the intersection of the hallways , watching to the right , as he checked the rooms to the left . 
 he had proceeded down the hall and around the corner before she could argue that they could n't help each other if they were n't together . 
 she was still standing there , waiting for his return , when she heard it ; a clicking sound , like someone biting their nails . 
 karen angled her ear forward , listening , trying to ignore the perverse shadows . 
 silence . 
 the sound had been so quick and unexpected that she could n't tell where it came from . 
 she looked toward the corner ellis had gone around , hoping he would return soon . 
 `` ellis ? '' 
 click . 
 it came from the hallway to the right . 
 was that lauren ? 
 the bloodcurdling scream from earlier did n't suggest all was well with her . 
 what if she died while karen stood here , waiting for a man to come and take care of a friend in need ? 
 hating her pigheadedness , she moved to the end of the hall , peeking around the corner . 
 even with the flame of her candle , she could n't see more than a few feet in front of her . 
 edging into the next hallway , she slowly moved toward the closest door . 
 click . 
 she tried to control her breathing , which came in short , loud bursts . 
 there would n't be much point in sneaking around if she sounded like a snorting bull . 
 slinking the last few feet , she arrived at the first bedroom . 
 the door was pulled most of the way closed , but not far enough to latch in place . 
 holding the candle as close to the opening as possible , she tried to see inside . 
 only a slice of light made it through , shining across the top of a bed . 
 using her foot , karen eased the door open . 
 the line of light expanded , showing the rest of the bed and a battered dresser in the far corner . 
 her legs stiffened as she tried to step into the room , refusing to go further . 
 her nerves were shot , and her body was reacting to the stress . 
 she cursed her weakness . 
 playing the helpless woman always pissed her off . 
 lifting the sword in her right hand , she stepped across the threshold . 
 the room used to belong to another working girl , charlotte , but no one had seen her in months . 
 one morning everyone woke up and she was gone . 
 she 'd packed up all of her things and skipped town sometime during the night . 
 the room had been empty ever since . 
 dust covered the dresser and bedding . 
 a dank , moldy smell seemed to permeate everything . 
 lifting the candle around the room , she inspected all the corners and behind the door . 
 then she spotted the footprints on the dusty floor . 
 she 'd partially obscured some of them as she searched the room , but could still follow their course . 
 they stopped beside the bed . 
 a path cut through the dust , with one foot appearing to drag slightly with every step . 
 click . 
 her hand shook so violently that hot wax spilled across her wrist . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 this time she could tell it came from further down the hall . 
 she turned to leave the room before deciding to examine under the bed anyway . 
 the creak of the floorboards made her jump even though she was the one that made them do so . 
 `` stop being a coward , karen , '' she whispered to herself . 
 she knelt beside the bed and threw the blankets from the side , cringing at what she might find . 
 nothing . 
 click . 
 several of them . 
 closing the door behind her , karen crept down the hall to the second room . 
 this was lauren 's . 
 a couple of months earlier , a client offered to whisk karen away from gehenna and take care of her on his ranch . 
 he was a good man with a lot of land and a decent business . 
 it would have been a good life . 
 as usual , her stubbornness kept her from making a smart decision . 
 she refused because she could n't bear the thought of relying on a man to take care of her . 
 everyone in the saloon , shocked by his proposal , admonished her for weeks over the decision . 
 now , instead of drinking sweet tea on a beautiful ranch , she was wielding a sword and trying not to piss herself . 
 the door to lauren 's room stood ajar . 
 karen caught a whiff of something rancid . 
 the stench smelled like a combination of blood , perfume , and shit . 
 an explosion rocked the building , vibrating through the floor and into her legs . 
 the shock of it nearly caused her to drop the candle . 
 `` what in god 's name was that ? '' 
 something landed on the roof above her with a thud . 
 she instinctively ducked her head , bracing for more . 
 a couple of smaller bangs hit a few seconds later , before the eerie silence returned . 
 karen could hear barbara shrieking downstairs . 
 regaining what little composure she had left , karen pushed on . 
 as she approached the doorway , she gagged from the putrid odor . 
 she could see thick blood covering the bed from the hallway . 
 not wanting to go any further , she looked down the hallway in the direction she 'd come from . 
 `` ellis ? '' 
 she tried to keep her voice low , not wanting to disturb whatever had caused the bloodshed . 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` damn . '' 
 gathering her remaining courage , karen stepped into the room . 
 she was squeezing the handle of the sword with such force that her fingers ached . 
 advancing to the bed , she could see the unkempt blankets were soaked through . 
 rivulets of blood ran down the side of the bed , pooling on the floor , and running with the cracks in the boards . 
 on the far side of the room , barely visible above the bedding , karen saw a piece of fabric the same color as lauren 's skirt . 
 rounding the bed , she gasped at the sight of lauren 's disfigured body . 
 the throat had n't just been ripped apart ; it was gone entirely . 
 her head did n't appear to be attached by much more than her spinal cord and some skin . 
 click . 
 much closer this time . 
 inside the room . 
 karen spun wildly in the direction of the sound , extinguishing her candle in the process . 
 as the light blinked out , she caught a glimpse of the woman they 'd saved in the street , lurching through the door . 
 dropping the candle , karen held the saber with both hands , swinging it back and forth to ward off the monster . 
 `` ellis ! '' 
 she screamed , her voice cracking from the force . 
 clicking , drawing closer . 
 `` ellis ! '' 
 closer . 
 `` get your fat ass in here ! '' 
 her last swing struck meat , the tip of the sword slicing through and exiting the other side . 
 karen kept swinging . 
 click . 
 right in front of her face . 
 the sword sunk in , lodged in what karen assumed was the woman 's torso . 
 hands clawed at her throat as she tried to pull the saber free . 
 `` karen ? '' 
 ellis ' voice came from down the hall . 
 trying to retreat , karen stumbled over lauren 's legs and fell onto her body . 
 her fingers plunged into the depth that had been lauren 's throat , touching a viscous substance . 
 crying out in revulsion , she withdrew further until her back landed against the wall . 
 light flickered from the doorway , dim at first , but rapidly growing brighter . 
 click . 
 by her feet . 
 `` karen ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` in lauren 's room ! '' 
 enough light seeped through to reveal the woman 's silhouette . 
 she was almost on top of karen . 
 pulling her legs to her chest , she thrust them at the barely visible head . 
 her right foot connected with the woman 's face , knocking her back . 
 ellis appeared in the doorway , the flame of his candle dangerously close to going out . 
 his chest heaved from running through the halls . 
 his eyes nearly bugged from their sockets when he saw the woman attacking karen . 
 `` how can this be ? '' 
 as the candle flame lengthened , karen saw the source of the clicking . 
 she had seen one of the men tearing away at the woman 's left cheek , revealing her teeth . 
 without the muffling effect of that skin , her teeth produced a loud click as she hungrily chomped at the air . 
 `` do n't ask questions , help me ! '' 
 ellis crossed the room in two strides , his ample belly jiggling as he went , and swung the sword . 
 the top of her head flew across the room , sliced away by the powerful blow . 
 the crown bounced off the wall above karen and landed on the floor beside her . 
 the woman 's body fell forward , straddling lauren 's . 
 `` oh , lauren , '' ellis said , noticing her for the first time . 
 karen sat against the wall , shaking uncontrollably . 
 tears poured down her cheeks , leaving clean streaks on her dirty face . 
 ellis stepped across the corpses , set the candle on the bed , and held his free hand out to karen . 
 `` come on ; let 's get you out of here . 
 do n't look at them . '' 
 karen tried to speak but could n't find the words . 
 hooking her arm around his , she stood on unstable legs , eyes everywhere but her butchered friend . 
 after moving her away from the mess , ellis grabbed the candle from the bed and handed it to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry it took me so long . 
 every time i tried to run the candle almost went out . '' 
 the shakes had n't left karen yet and she was having trouble keeping a grip on the small candle holder . 
 `` stay right here . 
 do n't run off again . '' 
 he turned back to the room . 
 karen grabbed his arm . 
 `` do n't leave me out here ! '' 
 `` i need to cover lauren . 
 she deserves better , but that 's the best we can do for now . '' 
 karen stood in the hall , watching the shadows waltz over the walls . 
 she felt numb all over . 
 ellis emerged from the room a few moments later with both sabers . 
 the realization of what had just happened seemed to be settling in ; his face was drained of its rosy color . 
 `` dave must have been wrong . 
 she could n't have been dead . 
 he was n't the smar − '' he stopped himself mid-sentence , not wanting to speak ill of the dead . 
 `` she looked deader than a door nail to all of us , '' karen said . 
 `` the dead do n't rise and walk . 
 it just ca n't be . '' 
 karen was n't sure that could be taken off the table at this point . 
 after what she 'd seen today , anything seemed possible . 
 chapter 12 the spreading fire was working on the building next to the one mccall sat upon . 
 before long he 'd be sitting on the roof of an inferno . 
 at the pace the blaze was growing , the entire town would be a cinder by tomorrow . 
 mccall studied the saloon across the street . 
 the front door and windows were boarded up . 
 someone in there had a head on their shoulders at least . 
 maybe he could hole up there until sunrise . 
 the scream gave him pause though . 
 had the moaners breached the place ? 
 a backdoor maybe ? 
 even if they were inside , what other choice did he have ? 
 every other business and home he could see were infested with mutilated , yet still walking , people . 
 and the building he was on would soon be in flames . 
 the boarded up saloon gave him a chance . 
 he hoped . 
 leaning as far over the side of the roof as possible , mccall looked down the side street that ran the length of the saloon , trying to find a way in that would n't get him eaten alive . 
 there were a few windows on the second level , but none on the first . 
 a ladder stood against the building on the other side of the alley . 
 it looked to be high enough to reach the windows . 
 leaning back against the roof , mccall eased down the slope . 
 he moved his feet carefully , trying not to make any sound or disturb the shingles . 
 as he approached the edge , he turned sideways , placing his right foot on the edge of the last shingle . 
 peering down the front , he was disheartened to see the roof of the porch was at least ten feet away . 
 and it sat at an angle steeper than the one he was on now . 
 there was no way he could stick the landing , even if he dangled his feet over the edge to lessen the distance . 
 deciding to find another way down , he turned away from the edge and started climbing back to the peak . 
 the shingle under his right foot dislodged and flew over the side . 
 thrown off balance , mccall did n't have time to react before his chest bounced off the roof and he started sliding down . 
 his free hand frantically searched the roof for any kind of purchase . 
 not finding one , he flattened his body as much as possible ; stretching his four limbs out like a giant x , hoping the friction would stop his descent . 
 clearing the edge , his legs dangled in the air , kicking as he tried to clamber back up . 
 then he was falling . 
 his feet hit the roof of the porch first , but the angle of it threw him off balance and he fell backward . 
 pain shot up his back as his tailbone struck the hard wood shingles . 
 the impact loosened his grip on the shotgun , sending it flying to the street below . 
 mccall 's muscles constricted as he tumbled head over feet off the porch . 
 a moaner shambled in the direction of the fires , oblivious of the man free falling in the air above him . 
 all of mccall 's weight landed on the monster , sending them both crashing to the ground . 
 mad dog 's head slammed against the hard , cracked earth . 
 flashes of light swam across his spinning vision as he fought to get his bearings . 
 the man that broke his fall was squirming beneath him , trying to get a mouthful of mccall 's leg . 
 rolling away with the elegance of a drunk , mccall stopped in a seated position , facing the moaner . 
 its vacant eyes bore into his own , surveying its next meal . 
 slithering forward , it lunged at his foot . 
 lifting his leg up , mccall brought his heel down on the back of its head , embedding his boot spur in its skull . 
 it dropped face first to the ground , its limbs racked with spasms . 
 kicking his leg away , he tore the spur loose . 
 a circle of gore flew away as it spun on the back of his boot . 
 mccall stood on wobbly legs , shaking his head to clear the cobwebs . 
 several of the closest moaners moved in on him , chomping their teeth in anticipation . 
 others , further away , had n't seen or heard him and continued toward the blaze . 
 the shotgun had landed close to the middle of the street , less than ten feet away . 
 the nearest moaner stepped over it , his nonfunctioning right leg trailing behind , pulling the scattergun along . 
 not wanting the racket of a gunshot to attract everything in the town , mccall pulled the tomahawk free of its loop and advanced on the beast . 
 as he drew near it became obvious why its leg was n't working : most of its thigh had been eaten away . 
 the man 's arms were outstretched , partially protecting his head . 
 ducking down , mccall swung the axe at the chewed leg , connecting with bone and what was left of the meat . 
 the tomahawk went all the way through , creating a sickening sound like the snapping of a celery stick , as the leg cut away . 
 grabbing the shotgun , mccall hustled across the street without looking back . 
 as he approached the side of the saloon , two more moaners , a man and a woman , noticed him and shifted in his direction . 
 dropping his axe back into its cradle , he lifted the shotgun with both hands and brought the butt down in the face of the man without breaking stride . 
 the woman , who did n't have any outward signs of physical damage , fell back , landing on the porch of the saloon . 
 if it was n't for her black , soulless eyes and stiff-legged gait , mccall would have thought she was another survivor . 
 the second person grabbed at him , missing completely , and fell forward into the street . 
 mccall ran into the alley , brushing past more people . 
 the ladder , sitting against the building on the other side of the street , looked much heavier than it had from the roof . 
 grabbing one end of it with his free hand , he realized it was n't going to be an option . 
 he dropped it back to the ground and continued around the side of the building , looking for another way in . 
 the rear of the saloon was much darker than the front . 
 just enough light bounced from the neighboring buildings for him to see . 
 the back door was boarded up in the same manner as the front , and was swarming with moaners anyway . 
 using the shotgun , he pushed a bulbous fat man away and spotted a stack of firewood on the side of the rear porch . 
 five people , each with grievous wounds , stood between the wood pile and mccall . 
 twenty more bumbled around in the general vicinity . 
 there were too many to use the axe ; they would over take him before he could fight his way through . 
 marching forward , mad dog raised the shotgun to his shoulder and aimed at head height , pointing toward the middle of the crowd . 
 the deafening blast knocked the three men in the center to the ground , brain matter splattering the wood and porch behind them . 
 the gun 's roar echoed throughout the alley , alerting everything west of the mississippi of his presence . 
 stepping through the tangled limbs of the dead , mccall accelerated at the stack , intent on launching from it to the roof of the porch . 
 bounding from the lower logs , he pushed off the upmost piece , which stood only five or six feet from the first shingle . 
 the wood shifted under his weight , halting his momentum . 
 his stomach landed flush against the edge , sending stabs of pain through his ribcage . 
 the shingles on this building were less faded and newer , not giving under his weight . 
 tossing the shotgun ahead of him , he used both hands to pull his way up . 
 a few more inches and he could swing one of his dangling legs over and roll up . 
 beneath him , dozens of moaners gathered around , stumbling around the knocked over logs . 
 one of them had managed to get close enough to grab mccall 's leg . 
 without a solid handhold , his progress was eroded as he slid back down . 
 he kicked his feet wildly , trying to dislodge his leg from the cannibal 's grip . 
 another couple of inches and his weight would carry him the rest of the way down . 
 the creature 's fingers sliced on his spur but continued to pull . 
 more people gathered around , reaching for mccall 's other leg . 
 above him , the double barrel shifted , skidding against the shingles . 
 it stopped a few feet away . 
 lifting his right hand , mccall hoped it would fall to him , praying it would arrive before he became someone 's early breakfast . 
 his body slid two more inches , balancing precariously on the brink of no return . 
 looking down , he saw too many rows of chomping teeth to count . 
 he always assumed he 'd be gunned down by a drunk , or shot in the back by the marshals that pursued him . 
 never had he imagined he 'd be eaten to death by the common townsfolk of a shithouse like gehenna . 
 closing his eyes , he waited for the inevitable . 
 as he mentally prepared for the agony that what was about to come , the shotgun bumped against his fingers . 
 his hand shot open as if spring-loaded . 
 grabbing the double barrel , he pointed it blindly behind him , aiming in what he hoped was the general direction of the moaner pulling at his leg . 
 the firearm 's massive kick sent reverberations up his arm , nearly breaking his grip . 
 the hands clawing at his leg fell away , giving him precious seconds before a new set could latch on . 
 he tossed the shotgun onto the roof and scampered up , swinging his legs to gain momentum . 
 throwing his leg over the side , he rolled onto his back . 
 short , ragged breaths shook his body as he lay there trying to regain his composure . 
 the shotgun skidded to a stop against his arm . 
 getting to his feet , mccall looked over the swarm of moaners below him , arms raised in the air , swaying and stretching like a bizarre prayer . 
 more packed in behind them . 
 picking up the shotgun , he broke the action open , pulled the shells from the barrels , and stuffed two more in from one of the ammo belts across his chest . 
 turning away from the growing horde , he scaled the small roof and peeked in the window . 
 the darkness was too thick to see much of anything . 
 using the butt of the gun , he smashed the window , sending glass into the black room . 
 ever since he was a boy he 'd kept matches in his back packet , a habit his father had taught him . 
 he pulled one free and struck it against the shingles . 
 the brief flair exposed a horrific bedroom . 
 the sheets strewn across the bed were saturated with blood and chucks of flesh . 
 one of those things had been to work , but did n't appear to be in the room anymore . 
 dropping the match , he broke away a couple of jagged pieces of glass with the stock of the shotgun and stepped through . 
 his foot landed on a soft , wet surface which shifted under his weight . 
 poking the toe of his boot around , he found the hard surface of the floor and entered the bedroom . 
 striking another match , he looked at his feet and saw the body of a woman . 
 or at least what used to pass for one . 
 entire sections of her face were missing and the top of her head had been cut off . 
 mccall spotted her scalp against the wall to his right . 
 a bloody sheet was discarded by the open door . 
 the match singed his fingers , causing him to drop it to the floor with an obscenity . 
 striking another , he proceeded across the room and into the hallway . 
 chapter 13 `` what the hell was that explosion ? '' 
 ellis asked , taking another shot of whiskey . 
 karen had put down a few herself , trying to rid herself of the shakes . 
 anthony stood on a chair by one of the windows , looking over the table nailed to it . 
 his back was hunched over , his deep lacerations visible through his shredded shirt . 
 `` that was the jailhouse . 
 it 's just ... gone . 
 hell , the whole street is burning like kindling , '' he said . 
 `` what do you mean it 's gone ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 `` i mean it 's gone . 
 nothing there but a crater full of burning wood . 
 guess the sheriff and deputy did n't make it . '' 
 he coughed a few times , wincing at the pain in his back . 
 `` my store is starting to go up now too . '' 
 ellis walked to the door and peered over the barricade . 
 `` the entire street is lit up like it 's noon out there . '' 
 he gasped as he looked from right to left . 
 `` we ai n't gettin ' out of here , '' he whispered . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 karen was unsure if she could handle any more bad news . 
 she 'd already lost most of her friends . 
 `` the entire town is out there . '' 
 `` are they ... like them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 like them . 
 all of them . '' 
 he turned back to karen . 
 `` how many people live in gehenna ? '' 
 `` over two thousand . '' 
 `` that makes it official then . 
 we 're fucked . '' 
 `` we 're reaping what we 've sown ! '' 
 randy sat in a chair behind anthony , drinking himself stupid from a bottle of ellis ' rotgut . 
 `` the whoredom and sins of this town have brought the lord 's wrath upon us . '' 
 karen rolled her eyes , wishing she could break that bottle over his head . 
 she believed in god , like everyone else , but did n't see him as the vindictive son of a bitch that randy thought he was . 
 `` do n't roll your eyes at me , wench ! 
 your disregard of god 's will has wrought this hell . '' 
 ellis lifted a hand to quiet the doctor to no avail . 
 `` you shall not silence me ! 
 god warned us , in leviticus 26:28 , and we did n't listen . 
 ` then i will walk contrary unto you also in fury ; and i , even i , will chastise you seven times for your sins . 
 and ye shall eat the flesh of your sons , and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat . 
 and i will destroy your high places , and cut down your images , and cast your carcasses upon the carcasses of your idols , and my soul shall abhor you . 
 and i will make your cities waste , and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation , and i will not smell the savor of your sweet odors . ' '' 
 the room grew silent as everyone contemplated the implications of the passage . 
 anthony and ellis stared at him with astonishment . 
 even barbara had stopped sobbing and looked up from the corner . 
 john was a major concern for karen . 
 he had n't said a word since they came downstairs . 
 he merely sat beside randy , soaking in everything he said . 
 `` the bible says that ? '' 
 anthony asked . 
 karen did n't like the direction this was taking . 
 they had more important things to consider than bible scripture . 
 when she was a child , her father always told her that god would protect his faithful and punish the wicked . 
 she 'd believed it whole heartedly until the day that he did n't come back from a visit to town . 
 a bandit had shot him dead while he stood in line at the bank . 
 he 'd taken the bullet in the back , never even having a chance to surrender himself . 
 her faith in the protection and punishment of god disappeared and never came back . 
 since that day , she 'd sworn to live her life in the manner she saw fit . 
 she and god would even up when they met one day . 
 `` oh yes . 
 this has all been foretold , and now it 's coming to pass . '' 
 not wanting to get involved in a religious debate , karen walked across the room and sat beside barbara . 
 `` barb , '' karen started , swallowing the lump forming in her throat . 
 `` lauren 's dead . '' 
 barbara 's face scrunched inward as she began to bawl again , cradling her head in her arms . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked between sobs . 
 `` the woman from the street , '' karen said , glancing at doc randy , `` was infected by whatever this is , and ... got her . '' 
 randy stopped his sermon in midsentence and cocked his head at karen . 
 `` the woman that was eaten in the street ? 
 you said she was dead . '' 
 `` we thought she was , but apparently not . '' 
 randy turned his eyes to ellis . 
 `` was she alive or not ? '' 
 ellis looked back and forth from karen to randy , struggling with what he should say . 
 `` she was dead , '' he said , his shoulders slumping . 
 randy jumped from his seat , knocking the chair over . 
 `` the dead are rising ! 
 zechariah 14:12 ! 
 ` and this shall be the plague wherewith the lord will smite all the people that have fought against jerusalem . 
 their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet , and their eyes shall consume away in their holes , and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth . 
 and it shall come to pass in that day , that a great tumult from the lord shall be among them ; and they shall lay hold everyone on the hand of his neighbor , and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbor . ' '' 
 barbara was visibly shaken by this . 
 karen had to admit that she was spooked by the similarities between the scripture and the situation outside . 
 `` it 's a coincidence . 
 it has to be , '' karen said , not believing the words coming out of her mouth . 
 `` it 's the end days . 
 prepare your souls , '' randy said . 
 ellis gave karen a pleading look . 
 he wanted her to provide an explanation that she did n't have . 
 `` if the dead are rising by the power of god , why is that we can kill them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the blast of a gun on the other side of the wall startled everyone , interrupting randy before he could retort . 
 anthony hobbled over , wincing with each step , and stood by ellis . 
 `` was that a gun ? '' 
 `` sounded like a shotgun . 
 sheriff stanley must be alive ! 
 no one else has any guns , '' ellis said . 
 `` maybe he blew up the jailhouse on purpose , trying to kill some of those things . '' 
 then rob sat up . 
 the stained white sheet that ellis ' laid on him remained , covering his head and body . 
 large red spots seeped through from the pool of blood around his body . 
 a groan escaped from beneath the shrine , sending a chill down karen 's back . 
 the sheet pulled free as he stood , revealing the thinned , jaundice skin . 
 john stood up , his back sliding against the wall , where he watched with wide-eyed madness . 
 `` rob ? 
 you 're alive ! '' 
 he said . 
 karen 's suspicions were confirmed : he 'd lost his mind . 
 no sane person would think something that looks like that could be a member of the living . 
 ellis did n't hesitate . 
 in three large steps he stood in front of the reanimated brother , intent on skewering him with the sword . 
 `` no ! '' 
 john charged forward , tackling ellis from behind and sending the saber sliding across the floor . 
 karen cursed herself for leaving her sword on the bar . 
 though it was only twenty feet away , it might as well have been on the other side of town . 
 john and ellis tussled on the floor , throwing punches and kicks like wild men . 
 `` you already killed my pa ! 
 i ai n't letting you kill my brother too ! '' 
 `` he 's already dead ! 
 you saw it with your own eyes , '' ellis said between labored breaths . 
 they rolled into the bottom step of the stairs leading to the second floor , still throwing blows at one another . 
 another gunshot barked from the back of the building . 
 rob pivoted around in a slow motion , as if he was moving through mud . 
 karen could n't understand why he did n't attack the helpless people against the wall instead of going after the two biggest men in the room . 
 was it some kind of memory of his brother driving him in that direction ? 
 was it the sounds of the fight attracting him ? 
 `` help him , '' she said , looking from randy to anthony . 
 `` john is out of his mind ! '' 
 `` i will not fight the will of god , '' randy said . 
 he reclaimed his chair and stared at the floor , refusing to make eye contact with karen . 
 anthony gave karen a sad , hopeless look before averting his gaze . 
 rob 's walking corpse was in the middle of the room , blocking karen 's path to either sword . 
 her eyes frantically swept the room , trying to find the table leg she 'd used earlier . 
 she finally spotted it sitting on the floor a few feet from where john and ellis were trading fisticuffs . 
 `` rob ! 
 over here ! '' 
 she jumped up in the air and waved her arms , trying to get his attention . 
 his course did n't change . 
 only a few steps stood between ellis , john and the cannibal . 
 she eased her way forward , wary of getting too close . 
 `` robert ! 
 turn around , damn you ! '' 
 no response outside of the expected moans . 
 he was on top of them now and leaned down to take a bite from ellis ' back . 
 karen surged forward , throwing her small mass against rob 's knees . 
 his legs buckled and he toppled over her , landing on his side . 
 his large legs draped across her body , pinning her to the floor . 
 she pushed against his boots , trying to lift his massive lower body away , but did n't have the strength . 
 rob sat up and grabbed her wrist , preventing her from sliding away . 
 as he tried to turn toward her , his legs tumbled away , giving her room to stand . 
 leaning back at a steep incline , she tried to pull her trapped arm from his grasp . 
 he was still clambering around on the floor , trying to get to his feet . 
 unable to shake his grip , she turned and stretched to her full length , trying to reach the saber sitting atop the bar . 
 the sword was two feet beyond her reach , teasing her . 
 jerking her arm , stretching her body , and screaming in fear , karen dragged rob toward the bar , fighting like a caged animal . 
 her fingers were inches from the sword when her progress halted . 
 rob had regained his footing and was reeling in her arm while ducking his head to feast on her hand . 
 from the corner of her eye she spotted lauren , standing on the bottom stair . 
 her head wobbled from side to side , like grass in a high wind . 
 she whipped her hand from side to side , trying to wrench it away from rob 's eager mouth . 
 ellis had gained a dominant position against john , using his heavy mass to pin him to the floor . 
 lauren 's head bobbed forward , her chin resting against her chest at an unnatural angle . 
 she bent down and lowered her swaying head at ellis . 
 `` lauren , no ! '' 
 if she heard karen 's plea she did n't acknowledge it , and bit through ellis ' shirt and into his wide back . 
 blood oozed from the sides of her mouth as she clamped down . 
 ellis roared in pain . 
 he tried to stand up , but his arms were tangled with john 's , who either did n't understand the situation or was too far gone to care . 
 lauren gnawed at his back , tearing chunks away as he struggled helplessly under her . 
 `` ellis ! '' 
 karen cried . 
 both of rob 's hands now held her forearm , immobilizing her limb . 
 she felt his balmy breath against her skin as he opened his mouth to take a bite . 
 a boom echoed through the room and the side of his head exploded , spraying its contents across the bar and her dress . 
 she felt drops of blood splatter over her cheek and into her hair . 
 another crack and lauren 's body fell forward , slumping over ellis ' back . 
 grey matter drained from a hole where her temple had been . 
 karen froze in shock , staring down at the bodies laying across the floor . 
 she wiped at her face , staring at the red smears in her palm . 
 creaks came from her neck as she turned her head and looked toward the stairs . 
 at the top of the steps stood a man who looked like he had just crawled from a nightmare . 
 he wore all black and was armed from head to toe , with gun and ammo belts hanging from every nook and cranny . 
 he held a pistol in his right hand with smoke trailing from the barrel . 
 all fighting , screaming , and crying ceased as everyone watched the man in black descend the stairs . 
 chapter 14 after stepping through the window , he had n't gone two steps into the hallway when he heard the fight downstairs . 
 knowing better than to run headlong into danger , he crept down the hall , using more matches to light the way . 
 as he rounded the corner , he had enough light to see a banister leading to the lower floor . 
 stopping at the top of the stairs , he studied the area below . 
 he spotted two moaners from his vantage point ; one eating a large man 's back , and another about to snack on a woman 's arm . 
 not wanting to blast everyone in the area with pellets , he switched the shotgun to his left hand and drew his pistol . 
 the man with teeth buried in him was already a dead man , he just did n't know it yet , so mccall aimed for the moaner holding the woman . 
 her skin appeared to be intact , so there was a chance to save her . 
 cocking the hammer back with his thumb , he put a bullet through the moaner 's forehead , emptying its skull on the floor . 
 he quickly changed targets and gunned down the woman . 
 silence filled the saloon . 
 everyone stared at him as if he were an apparition . 
 the metallic smell of gunpowder burned his nostrils as he glared back at them . 
 mccall holstered the pistol and gripped the double barrel with both hands , aiming in the general direction of the people by the bar . 
 descending the steps , he scanned the room , looking for more moaners . 
 at the bottom of the stairs , two men remained in fighting positions , but were now in a temporary truce as they watched him approach . 
 `` get up , '' he said . 
 neither moved . 
 `` i wo n't ask again . '' 
 the man on the bottom released his grip from the massive , bleeding opponent on top of him . 
 the man with chunks missing from his back strained against the dead woman lying on him as he straightened out . 
 her body slid to the floor and he stood up , eyeing mccall cautiously . 
 the other fighter stayed low to the floor and slithered backward to the other side of the room . 
 mad dog did n't like the way his eyes twitched . 
 `` i guess we owe you our thanks , '' the heavy set man said . 
 `` i 'm ellis . 
 this is my saloon . '' 
 mccall walked around him , keeping the shotgun aimed in his general direction , and sat at the bar . 
 a woman stood close , with a sword a few feet from her . 
 `` both of you move over there with your friends . '' 
 he motioned to the other end of the room with the barrel of his gun . 
 for a moment it looked like the blood covered woman was going to make a move for the sword . 
 she looked directly into mccall 's eyes , examining them , and then seemed to think better of it . 
 taking in everyone against the far wall , he began to regret his decision to come here . 
 everyone in this room looked drunk , crazy , or wounded . 
 except maybe the woman who thought about going for the sword -- he did n't know what to make of her yet . 
 `` you 're mad dog mccall , '' she said . 
 `` i thought you 'd be younger . '' 
 `` i 'll do the talking . 
 who 's been bit ? '' 
 `` just me , '' ellis said , wincing at the pain in his back . 
 `` move against the wall by the windows , '' mccall said . 
 the man did as he was told and sat in a chair , being careful not to rest against the back . 
 `` ellis , your time is short , '' mccall said . 
 a solemn nod told mad dog that ellis already knew his fate was sealed . 
 `` now what the hell is going on in this shit town ? '' 
 `` it 's the end of days . 
 god is striking down the unworthy , '' the drunk man said . 
 he took another swig from a dark colored bottle . 
 mccall never had much use for religion , but that did n't mean he was n't a god fearing man . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` do n't listen to him . 
 he 's a fool and a liar , '' the strong willed woman said . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 mccall asked her . 
 `` karen . 
 how did you escape from your cell ? 
 did you kill sheriff stanley ? 
 what happened to aaron ? '' 
 `` i said i 'll do the − '' `` did you blow up the jailhouse ? '' 
 mccall had never met a woman quite like this before . 
 typically they shied away from him , weary of his false reputation . 
 `` yes , i did . 
 and no , i did n't kill the deputy or sheriff . 
 at least , not the first time . '' 
 `` do n't fight the will of god . 
 his ways will always remain a mystery to us , '' the drunk said , waving his arms through the air like he was giving a sermon . 
 hopping from his stool , mccall walked over to the dead man he 'd shot down minutes before . 
 `` this is the work of god ? 
 mindless corpses stumbling around , trying to eat those of us who are still alive ? 
 if that 's god 's work , then you can keep him . '' 
 `` blasphemer ! '' 
 `` he 's been going on about this for quite awhile now , '' karen said . 
 `` randy is the doctor and reverend of the town , as you can probably tell . '' 
 `` shut your mouth , whore . 
 he speaks the word of god ! '' 
 the crazy man said . 
 `` i think he 's right , karen . 
 what else explains what 's going on ? '' 
 asked a young woman in the corner . 
 she was curled into a ball , as if that would somehow protect her . 
 `` barbara , no ! 
 you ca n't believe this ! 
 just a few hours ago you thought he was an idiot , '' karen said . 
 `` even if it is god , you ca n't think this asshole is his messenger . '' 
 `` and you 'll refer to me as doctor or reverend , '' randy said . 
 `` i only use titles on those who are to be respected . '' 
 mccall wished he had taken his chances in the desert . 
 at least out there he would n't have to deal with the bickering . 
 ignoring them , he walked to the front door and inspected the barrier they 'd constructed . 
 the nerve-racking moans and shuffles coming from the other side of the table added to the increasingly tense atmosphere . 
 shooting his guns around and inside of the building had attracted a massive amount of them . 
 now they pressed against the walls , windows , and door , slowly weakening them until they would eventually give way . 
 the nails were already pulling free . 
 `` these are n't going to hold much longer , '' he said . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 barbara asked . 
 `` accept jesus christ as your lord and savior . 
 god will not harm his faithful . '' 
 `` when they come piling in here , you hold up your bible and i 'll hold up my guns . 
 we 'll see who lasts longer , '' mccall said . 
 `` you killed my brother , '' the crazy man said . 
 `` and now you 're mocking a servant of god . '' 
 he climbed to his feet and took an aggressive stance in front of mccall . 
 mad dog reclaimed his seat by the bar and looked at his would-be attacker without a hint of concern on his face . 
 `` which one is your brother ? 
 the one whose brains are all over the place ? '' 
 growling in rage , john took a step forward . 
 `` john , do n't ! '' 
 karen said . 
 `` john ? 
 listen to the woman . 
 after what i 've gone through today , killing you is n't going to be a concern to me . '' 
 he leveled the shotgun at john 's chest . 
 `` faith or no , you ai n't bulletproof . '' 
 karen stepped forward , temporarily defusing the situation . 
 `` i think it 's some kind of disease . 
 maybe a form of rabies . '' 
 `` can rabies raise the dead ? '' 
 mccall asked . 
 he 'd seen plenty of rabid dogs in his day , but none that could live through disembowelment . 
 `` i did n't say it was rabies exactly . 
 some of the symptoms are similar though . '' 
 `` only god − '' `` yeah , we get it ; god is trying to kill all of us . 
 shut the hell up already , '' mccall said . 
 he expected the reverend to recommend human sacrifice soon . 
 the table covering the door partially dislodged , the nails popping out a full inch . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 karen said , running to mccall 's side of the room . 
 he did n't try to keep her away . 
 jumping off the stool , he walked backward to the stairs . 
 `` you seem to be the only one in here that has her head on straight , '' he said , never taking his eyes from the door . 
 `` you know how to shoot ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 but ellis is n't a part of whatever they 're becoming over there , '' she said , pointing to the saloon owner . 
 `` he 's bit . 
 it 's only a matter of time before he turns against us . '' 
 `` he can help us until then ! '' 
 mccall considered the situation for a moment . 
 `` fine , but he 's on you . 
 fall behind and you 're on your own . '' 
 randy pointed at ellis . 
 `` stay with us and be saved . 
 the lord shall protect us . '' 
 ellis lifted his hefty frame from the chair and looked back at the doctor . 
 `` i believe he is . 
 he sent us an outlaw with a bunch of guns . '' 
 then he joined karen and mccall by the stairs . 
 mad dog tossed him the shotgun , which he caught with his right hand before checking it for shells . 
 `` you 'll need this too , '' mccall said . 
 he took off one of the belts of ammo around his body and handed it to ellis . 
 `` barbara , come with us , it 's our only chance ! '' 
 karen said , pleading . 
 in the corner , barbara looked over her folded arms from karen to randy . 
 `` god will protect me . '' 
 `` be rational . 
 he 's leading you to your death , '' karen said . 
 she started across the room , presumably to drag her along . 
 the top of the table cracked , revealing a partial set of decayed teeth . 
 most of them were missing . 
 karen backpedaled to the stairs , still pleading with barbara . 
 `` and he will damn you for turning your back on his servant ! '' 
 randy said . 
 he was beyond hysterical . 
 `` what 's in those barrels ? 
 whiskey ? '' 
 mccall asked , eying three kegs beside the stairs . 
 `` two of them are rotgut , but that one is pure whiskey , '' ellis said , pointing to the one in front . 
 mccall pulled his tomahawk free and punctured several holes near the bottom of the barrel , spilling its contents across the floor . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 ellis asked . 
 `` taking out as many of these bastards as we can . '' 
 setting fire had helped him escape the jailhouse and he hoped it would do the same here . 
 the left side of the table popped free of the door frame , exposing an elderly man trying to squeeze through the small opening . 
 he was shirtless and most of the right side of his chest had been chewed away . 
 only the pile of chairs and other objects kept the door blocked . 
 but that would n't last long . 
 `` barbara , please ! '' 
 karen yelled . 
 then the horde broke through . 
 they flooded the room like water from a broken dam . 
 dozens shambled toward the group of fools who thought they would be guarded from harm . 
 `` we are believers . 
 you may not touch us ! '' 
 randy said . 
 just before they set upon him , mccall saw his smile waver as he realized his folly . 
 his piercing screams attracted more moaners , crowding the floor of the saloon in seconds . 
 `` no ! 
 karen ! 
 karen ! '' 
 barbara 's shrieks were brief , but tore at mccall 's conscience as he heard her being eaten alive . 
 several of the walking corpses moved toward the stairs , outstretched arms in their ever present grabbing motion . 
 mccall shoved karen and ellis , getting them moving up the steps . 
 with his axe , he smashed the lantern that hung on the wall above the whiskey , sending balls of liquid fire in every direction . 
 spinning on his heels , he swung the burning tomahawk at the nearest moaner . 
 flames trailed behind as it sunk into the creature 's temple , setting its hair ablaze . 
 the axe ripped from his hands as the body collapsed to the floor . 
 wanting to pull it free , mccall took a step forward before three more men trampled over the body and through the pools of fire as they closed in on him . 
 their tattered clothing went up like kindling as they tripped over the woman mccall shot , temporarily blocking others from following . 
 angry at losing the axe , mccall turned and took the stairs two a time . 
 randy 's screams finally stopped as he cleared the top where ellis and karen stood , waiting for him . 
 karen wept openly at the loss of her friends . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 she asked , choking back sobs . 
 `` i have no idea , '' mccall said . 
 `` are you telling me your entire plan was to go upstairs ? '' 
 `` i was n't expecting the moaners to break the door down as soon as i got here . '' 
 `` and you just set the building on fire . '' 
 `` whatever you 're going to do , you better make it fast . 
 i 'm not feeling so good , '' ellis said . 
 chapter 15 karen looked at ellis through watery eyes , trying to keep her emotions in check . 
 `` is there an attic ? '' 
 mccall asked . 
 he was watching the burning men stumble around on the stairs . 
 `` no , '' ellis said . 
 `` what would we do in an attic ? 
 wait until we burned to death ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 she had no idea how he 'd stayed on the run from the law with decision making like this . 
 `` i came in through a window down the hall . 
 i did n't expect to leave the same way , but i do n't see much of a choice . '' 
 with that , mccall walked into the darkness of the hallway and disappeared . 
 `` ok , what do we do after we climb out a window ? 
 no wonder you 're a criminal ; you 're an idiot , '' karen said , calling after him . 
 she could n't believe that she was following an incompetent outlaw . 
 `` could be , but he 's still alive and he has guns . 
 gold ai n't worth as much as these guns right about now , '' ellis said . 
 he followed mccall down the hall . 
 `` damn , '' karen said to herself . 
 moments later she was crawling through the window and looking at thirty mangled people , all wanting to tear her apart . 
 ellis stood to her left , swaying slightly on his feet . 
 she could see the transformation in him already . 
 even his smell had changed ; it was similar to soured milk . 
 a train whistle pierced through the night , catching all of them off guard . 
 karen figured it was still miles away , but would cover that distance in a matter of minutes . 
 mccall was on the other side of her , loading two bullets into one of his pistols . 
 `` that train stop in gehenna ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , that 's a cargo train . 
 only a handful of compartments for people and they 're usually for big wigs heading to the mines out west , '' ellis said . 
 `` maybe they 'll slow down when they see the entire town is burning down , '' karen said . 
 `` when they see the fires , they might even stop and let us on . '' 
 she 'd wanted out of this town for years and now she may get her chance . 
 all it took was the deaths of her friends , the destruction of an entire town , and an incredibly contagious plague . 
 and all of the money she 'd been saving was about to burn in its ` safe ' place under a floorboard in her room . 
 `` maybe , '' ellis said , not meeting her eyes . 
 `` the two of you at least . 
 i do n't think i 'm going to be followin ' along much further . '' 
 `` there 's a whole lot of moaners standing between us and the rail , '' mccall said , spitting off the roof . 
 the spittle landed in the hair of what used to be a little girl , no more than ten years old . 
 karen studied him for a moment , trying to see if his attitude was a façade or if he just had a terrible personality . 
 she could n't tell . 
 `` you keep calling them ` moaners ' . '' 
 `` well , they moan . 
 a lot . '' 
 `` but the best you could come up with was ` moaners ' ? 
 what about ` the living dead ' , or ` the eternal hungry . ' '' 
 `` i 'm shooting them in face , not writing a book . '' 
 `` i hate to interrupt , but we 're standin ' on a burnin ' building and surrounded by ` the livin ' dead ' , whatever that means . 
 any ideas on how we can get to the track ? 
 it 's about three hundred yards west , at the end of town , '' ellis said . 
 `` i guess we 're gon na have to shoot our way out of here . 
 do n't think we have enough ammo though , '' mccall said . 
 he was eerily calm , as if he were discussing the weather . 
 karen did n't know if that was good or bad . 
 another whistle , much closer this time , signified their need to get moving . 
 `` i 'll hop down first , since i 'm already bit , '' ellis said . 
 he coughed into his mitt of a hand . 
 karen saw some blood on his palm as he wiped it across the front of his shirt . 
 `` ellis , there has to be some kind of − '' `` we both know that getting bit is a one way ticket to a dirt nap , '' he said as he hunched down at the edge of the roof . 
 `` i 'm goin ' to drop down and clear a spot out . 
 you jump down behind me , '' he said . 
 `` ellis , do n't − '' `` damn it , karen ! 
 listen to me for once in your life . '' 
 tears stung her eyes yet again . 
 she 'd cried more today than she had in her entire life . 
 the distance from the porch roof to the ground was about ten feet . 
 the problem was the throng of people that stood all around it . 
 karen felt something bump against her shoulder . 
 looking down , she saw the butt of the rifle that had been slung over mccall 's back . 
 she took it from him without either saying a word . 
 mad dog pulled his other pistol from its holster . 
 ellis shot first , unloading both barrels of his shotgun into the crowd . 
 two of the creatures ' heads exploded like a melon hit with a hammer . 
 he immediately fished two more shells from his ammo belt and reloaded . 
 karen sighted a woman in the front . 
 both of her eyes were gone ; only empty , pus-filled sockets remained . 
 karen shot her between them and worked the action on her rifle before aiming at a man missing most of his left hand . 
 his stump pointed at her as she dropped him . 
 mccall was shooting with alternating hands , firing one bullet from his left then shooting with his right . 
 he dropped three or four times as many of the monsters as karen did , though she tried to keep up . 
 because his shotgun only held two rounds , ellis had to reload constantly . 
 the devastating effects from each shell made up for the lack of quantity . 
 the bodies piled on top of one another , covering the earth with blood , tissue , and bone fragments . 
 karen anticipated the next kick from the rifle as she squeezed the trigger , but received only a click . 
 `` ammo ! '' 
 she said to mccall , yelling above the thundering gunfire . 
 `` left pocket , '' he said . 
 he kept shooting as she fished the bullets out . 
 she marveled at the dexterity of mccall 's hands as reloaded his pistols . 
 it took him seconds to drop six rounds into each cylinder before a flick of his wrist snapped them into place . 
 ellis fired two more shells and then stopped , peering through the smoke . 
 karen could n't see anything yet , but apparently ellis could because he dropped from the roof and out of sight . 
 in the brief interlude between shots , the squealing brakes of the train cut through the night . 
 they were stopping , or at least slowing down . 
 `` come on down . 
 i 'll catch you , but you better hurry , '' ellis said . 
 moving carefully , she perched on the edge , squinting through the haze . 
 she could barely make him out , standing in the middle of a sea of bodies . 
 closing her eyes , she hopped from the ledge , falling into his open arms . 
 a grunt escaped him as her weight pulled against his wounded back . 
 karen felt the strength drain from him as he lowered her to a small section of ground that was n't covered with the deceased . 
 mccall dropped down beside her , his boot crushing a hand that protruded from the pile of bodies . 
 without hesitation , he turned away from them and shot down more of the approaching dead . 
 he marched forward , mowing them down like a scythe through wheat . 
 karen pulled more bullets from his pocket and jammed them into her rifle . 
 ellis maintained their rear , blasting anything that came within five feet of them . 
 as they moved through the alley , karen 's heart sank at the incredible number of them . 
 it was clear that the entire population had been infected . 
 emerging from the alley , the devastation played out in front of them . 
 not only had mccall blown the jailhouse to smoldering pieces , but he 'd managed to set every building in the area on fire . 
 thick smoke hung in the air , billowing from the inferno . 
 through the front door of the saloon , she watched in horror as her former friends stumbled around in the burning bar area , oblivious to their fate . 
 chancing a few glances between shots , she saw the entire town in flames . 
 mccall had burned all of gehenna to the ground − infected people and all . 
 she hoped there were n't any other survivors left in the blazing homes . 
 ellis gave her a rough shove from behind , jolting her back to the moment . 
 `` keep moving ! '' 
 her rifle had run dry again . 
 `` ammo . '' 
 she did n't have to yell this time , as mad dog was reloading . 
 after clicking his cylinders closed , he patted his pocket . 
 `` you 're out , '' he said and started shooting again . 
 `` what about your other pistol ? '' 
 `` no one uses that gun but me . '' 
 `` what do you mean no one − '' `` it 's my good luck charm . 
 just stay close . '' 
 `` we 're going to die because you 're superstitious ? '' 
 `` you 're still alive , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i 've only got six shells left ! '' 
 ellis said from behind her . 
 karen examined the ammo belt draped across mccall 's shoulder and did n't like what she saw . 
 all of the loops on the back were empty − she hoped the front was n't as sparse . 
 their pace was just above a slow jog as they sliced their way down the street . 
 karen could see small reflections on the tracks another two hundred feet in front of them . 
 she did n't think they had enough ammo to make it . 
 to her left , down another alley and through the sea of bloody , mangled faces , karen saw the train approaching the edge of the town . 
 it was going too fast to stop at the station , and would probably still be moving if they could meet it at the track . 
 a gust of wind blew the hair up on the back of her head while the boom of ellis ' shotgun threatened to deafen her . 
 she turned to chastise him , but stopped herself when she saw how much his condition had worsened . 
 judging from her limited experience with everyone else , he had only minutes left . 
 `` ellis − '' his yellowed face pinched in anger at the concern on karen 's . 
 `` run , damn you ! 
 you got ta get on that train . 
 and do n't let them stop , or it 's all over ! '' 
 turning around , she saw that mccall had pulled away from them , not slowing for anything . 
 the street was clearing ahead of him as he neared the end of the road . 
 fewer houses meant fewer cannibals . 
 karen flipped the rifle around , holding the barrel in both hands , and swung at everything that drew near . 
 she connected with the shoulder of a large , burly man . 
 the impact sent shockwaves up her arm and nearly jarred the gun from her grip . 
 he did n't budge . 
 he stood a full foot taller than her , his massive frame blocking most of the light coming from the fires behind him . 
 the silhouette of his body scared her more than the disfigured skin it hid . 
 as she turned to run , his hands curled into her hair , jerking her head back . 
 the smell of death emanating from him made her nauseous all over again . 
 at the edge of her vision , karen saw his large jowls quiver as he bent forward to tear at her forehead . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 ellis came up behind the gigantic monster and thrust the double barrel in his puffy face . 
 the metal pushed against his nose , bending it up like a snout . 
 karen closed her eyes , bracing for the blast of shotgun . 
 all she heard was the anticlimactic click of a misfire . 
 they 'd been shooting round after round since they left the saloon and the only misfire came when she was inches from becoming a late night snack . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 ellis stared in disbelief at the weapon in his hands . 
 the giant , seemingly oblivious to ellis ' presence , brushed the gun away and bit at karen 's face again . 
 ellis swung the shotgun , throwing his weight behind it , and smashed it against the man 's mouth . 
 teeth exploded from his mouth , flying in every direction . 
 karen felt his fingers loosen and she spun away . 
 more people swarmed her , cutting off any hope of escape . 
 she searched for mccall but could n't see past the closing crowd . 
 `` mccall , help us ! '' 
 ellis battered the man with the gun , connecting with powerful blows that would have killed a normal human being . 
 this thing , as big as it was , absorbed the damage , staggering a half a step back from each strike . 
 a woman with tiny strips of skin still remaining on her arms grabbed onto ellis and bit into his neck . 
 stopping his assault on the mountainous man , ellis fought to free himself from the woman 's clenched teeth . 
 the momentary lapse allowed the giant to recover . 
 he clawed at ellis face and chest , tearing deep , ragged gouges in his flesh . 
 ellis howled , the pain forcing him to his knees , finally succumbing to the accumulating damage . 
 more people piled on , partially cutting off karen 's view of the massacre , biting and tearing at her friend . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she started forward , intent on killing them all , when a bony hand grabbed her ankle . 
 looking down as she kicked her leg , she saw the hand belonged to a naked man . 
 his legs were missing . 
 intestines covered in filth trailed behind him . 
 shrieking in fear and rage , karen lashed out with a ferocity that shocked her . 
 she struck the back of his head with the butt of her rifle over and over , finally stopping after his skull caved in . 
 the still intact half of his body lay motionless in the dirt , oozing things karen never wanted to see . 
 the area around her grew brighter , shortening her shadow . 
 snapping around , she was confronted with the burning , scuffing corpse of doctor randy . 
 his skin had blackened and split , revealing the red muscle beneath . 
 pieces sloughed off , leaving gobs of burning meat trailing behind him . 
 she set upon him like a feral beast . 
 swinging the rifle over her head , she struck him dozens of times , cutting him to his knees . 
 the stock of her gun cracked after the third strike , but her fury would n't allow her to stop . 
 the last burning remnants of his black robe , dislodged from her attack , landed on her skirt . 
 when he finally stopped moving , karen backed away , her chest heaving . 
 she swatted at her smoldering clothing , smearing bloody hand prints across it . 
 a hand latched onto her shoulder , pulling her backward and off balance . 
 she jammed the butt of the rifle against the ground , attempting to break her fall but the crack in the wood split open , sending her sprawling in the dirt . 
 from her back , karen watched as they closed in around her . 
 she caught a glimpse of the starry sky in a small break in the tower of smoke . 
 as hands descended upon her , she closed her eyes and visualized the beautiful stars . 
 chapter 16 mccall could see the tracks just ahead of him as he cut through the last of the moaners . 
 his ammo belt had a handful of rounds left in it and he was n't sure that it would be enough to stand his ground until the train arrived . 
 reloading his pistols emptied the belt , which he took off and threw at the nearest walking dead man . 
 looking down the tracks , he saw the train approaching . 
 only a few hundred feet stood between him and his freedom . 
 then he heard the woman screaming . 
 she did n't sound all that close . 
 spinning around , he looked for ellis and karen , but could n't see anything through the maze of moaners . 
 he 'd been concentrating on pushing through to the tracks with such intensity that he never noticed them fall behind . 
 ellis loosed a death cry in the distance . 
 looking down at the pistols in his hands , mccall weighed his options . 
 he had twelve rounds left , plus his colt . 
 he hoped that would be enough to defend himself until the train arrived , but doubted it was enough to help them . 
 the smart move was to stand his ground and wait by the tracks . 
 too bad no one had ever accused him of being an intelligent man . 
 jumping back into the fray , mccall waded through the moaners , carefully picking his shots . 
 only those who were close enough to endanger him were put down . 
 heading into the growing crowd in the middle of the street , mccall watched as karen fought against the swarm of the dead around her . 
 she swung the rifle he 'd given her with a fury that surprised him . 
 admiring her spirit , he thought once again that he 'd never met a woman like her before . 
 as he approached , a moaner got a hand on her shoulder and pulled her over . 
 four others closed in , tearing at her clothing and hair . 
 she 'd stopped struggling , seemingly accepting her fate . 
 mccall shot the closest man in the back of the head , sending his body crashing into a woman ripping away pieces of karen 's skirt . 
 karen 's head snapped around at the shot , her eyes locking on mccall 's . 
 he saw the fire reignite in her . 
 she kicked an elderly moaner in the chest , lifting him away from her . 
 mccall shot away his jaw . 
 pistol whipping another man away , he reached down and heaved karen to her feet . 
 the shrill train whistle came again , catching the attention of many of the creatures in the street . 
 mccall used the distraction to their advantage , cutting through the expanding crowd . 
 `` i thought you 'd left me , '' she said , panting as she tried to keep up . 
 `` i almost did . 
 damn conscience got the better of me . '' 
 squeezing the trigger of his pistol produced a dry click . 
 raising his other arm , he aimed the second gun and got the same result . 
 throwing the six shooters to ground , he pulled the peacemaker from the waist of his pants and shot through the eye of a naked man blocking their path . 
 the man , hobbling on a stump where his foot used to be , showered the area with a red mist as his head exploded . 
 the train emerged from behind the last house on the street . 
 it was still moving too fast to stop , but had slowed enough that mccall hoped they could hop aboard . 
 grabbing karen 's hand , he sprinted forward , throwing his shoulder against a man wearing an expensive looking suit . 
 firing his remaining bullets , he blasted through the last of the moaners , leaving nothing but space before the train . 
 four passenger cars were pulled behind the engine car , with the freight in the rear . 
 shoving the colt into an empty holster , mccall turned and ran along the tracks in the same direction as the train . 
 the engine car pulled past them as they raced forward with most of gehenna 's citizens chasing them . 
 the brakes squealed as the locomotive continued to slow down . 
 mccall looked into the first window of the passenger car as it pulled beside them . 
 a young man stared at him with wide-eyed bewilderment . 
 apparently the sight of two people being chased by thousands of mutilated townsfolk was n't a common occurrence for him . 
 `` open the door , asshole ! '' 
 karen said between huffs . 
 the young man looked at them for another second before running down the length of the car to the door . 
 mccall slowed his pace slightly , watching the man pass the windows . 
 the door opened and the teenager stuck his head out , the perplexed look still in full display . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 it looks like the entire town is burning ! '' 
 instead of answering , mccall grabbed the back of karen 's dress and threw her into the doorway . 
 she landed on the stairs before scrambling to the top of them . 
 mccall looked over his shoulder at the shambling mass of cannibals trailing behind . 
 a few of them wandered into the side of the train only to be knocked to the ground , their limbs severed under the mighty locomotive . 
 jumping onto the bottom step , mccall boarded the train as it continued to slow down . 
 soon it would reach a full stop , their hope of escape with it . 
 karen was two steps ahead of him as they marched through the car . 
 many of the passengers gasped at the sight of their bloody , torn clothing , and shrank into their seats . 
 others fixed on the anarchy out the windows , watching gehenna and its citizens burn . 
 opening the door to the engine car , karen burst in with an intensity that made the conductor wilt . 
 he was a small man of advancing years . 
 a tiny , perfectly knotted bowtie sat against his neck , and thinly framed glasses hung from the end of his nose . 
 `` do n't stop the train ! '' 
 karen had to shout to be heard over the rumble of the engine . 
 `` you ca n't be in here ! '' 
 the conductor said , gaping at her . 
 `` do you have a ticket ? '' 
 mccall freed his peacemaker from its holster and jammed the end of the barrel into the conductor 's crotch , forcing him to bend at the waist . 
 `` speed up , '' karen said . 
 `` but − '' `` listen to the lady , or become one , '' mccall said . 
 the man backed away from the gun , staring at mccall 's face . 
 `` you 're mad dog mccall ! 
 i thought you 'd be y − '' `` do n't even say it . '' 
 the conductor did n't like what he saw in mccall 's eyes . 
 `` yes , sir , '' he said as he turned to the boiler . 
 shouting behind them caused mccall and karen to look back into the passenger car . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 mccall was n't entirely sure he wanted to know . 
 he had had enough excitement for the day . 
 maybe he 'd already died and this was his eternal torment in hell ? 
 no matter what he did , he fell into one never ending chaotic event after another . 
 the weight of the train shifted , signaling their acceleration . 
 opening the cylinder on his peacemaker , he checked his ammunition . 
 nothing . 
 at least he still had the gun . 
 `` empty ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 mccall gave her a slight nod before holstering the gun . 
 `` so much for your good luck charm . '' 
 `` that gun is empty ? '' 
 the conductor asked . 
 mccall turned back to him . 
 `` i do n't need bullets to put a hurt on you . '' 
 `` we 're going to see what the shouting is about . 
 if i feel this train slowing down , you 'll answer to my friend here , '' karen said , bobbing her head at mccall . 
 the conductor held her gaze for a moment before lowering his eyes in submission . 
 mccall went into the passenger car , leery of the next turn of events . 
 a boy of no more than fifteen charged up the center aisle with blood smeared all over his shirt . 
 he held his left hand tight against his chest . 
 `` what the hell is the shouting about ? '' 
 mccall asked the kid was nearing hysterics . 
 `` he bit me ! '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 karen asked . 
 mccall could tell from the tone of her voice that she was thinking the same thing he was . 
 `` the man we let onto the train ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 who did you let on ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he was stumbling around , just outside the door to the car behind this one . 
 we opened the door and tried to pull him in , but he bit my hand ! 
 the guy is shithouse crazy ! 
 he was injured real bad ! 
 his nose is gone ! 
 it 's just gone ! '' 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 mccall asked . 
 `` they 've got him tied up back there , but he bit eight or ten of us before we got the ropes around him . '' 
 mccall and karen looked at each other , their shoulders slumping simultaneously . 
 `` goddamn it ... '' karen said . 
 ***** connect with me at : http://www.facebook.com/jmbrant @jason_brant http://jasonbrant.blogspot.com i love interacting with readers , so feel free to contact me ! 
 if you enjoyed this book then please consider leaving me a review where you purchased it . 
 excerpt from echoes a bestselling action/thriller from jason brant three hard knocks at the door jarred us out of the moment . 
 `` the landlord must have sprouted wings to get here this fast , '' i said . 
 pushing away from the table , i walked to the door . 
 it was n't the super waiting in the hallway . 
 three men stood there , all wearing suits in various stages of disarray . 
 it looked like they had slept in them . 
 when someone in a suit comes looking for you , it 's never a good thing . 
 when three of them show up you probably need a lawyer . 
 the man in front wore a black suit and was clearly the head honcho . 
 he was n't particularly tall , maybe 5 ' 10 '' , and had a strong , wiry build . 
 his face could have been chiseled out of granite . 
 a long , thin scar ran down his left cheek that looked like it could have been caused by a knife . 
 his graying cropped hair implied he had been , or still was , some kind of military . 
 i 'd seen guys like him while stationed in iraq . 
 you could always tell who the major players were : they wore suits in the middle of a warzone . 
 he was one of those . 
 two very serious looking hombres flanked him on either side . 
 judging by their beards and thousand yard stares they were definitely special forces . 
 the white guy on scarface 's left stood taller than the others , close to my height , with dirty blonde hair . 
 he looked through me more than at me . 
 the other one was significantly shorter and of asian descent . 
 his eyes scanned the apartment behind me . 
 these guys were n't here for pizza and pop tarts . 
 `` i do n't really need any more magazine subscriptions , '' i said . 
 i live on the fourth floor of a building with no elevator . 
 those four flights of stairs are a good way to measure if someone is in decent shape or not . 
 even a gym rat starts to perspire a little by the top . 
 they must have floated up here because they were n't even breathing hard . 
 `` asher benson , my name is smith , '' scarface said . 
 `` smith ? 
 how original . '' 
 `` mr. benson , we need you to come with us immediately , '' smith said . 
 his voice and expression were flat as a pancake . 
 `` oh , you are n't selling magazine subscriptions ? 
 what are you peddling then ? 
 vacuum cleaners ? 
 religion ? '' 
 i snapped my fingers . 
 `` i got it ! 
 girl scout cookies . 
 i probably could probably swing a few boxes of thin mints . '' 
 `` we believe your life is in danger . '' 
 he looked past me and saw samantha sitting at the table . 
 `` who 's the woman ? '' 
 `` the ` woman ' is none of your business . 
 who the hell are you guys ? 
 why would my life be in danger ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , we do n't have time to discuss this here . 
 you 'll be briefed when we 're on the road . 
 this is n't a negotiation . '' 
 even his diction was plain . 
 i looked at all three of them , trying to gauge the situation . 
 `` so that 's why you brought chuck norris and jackie chan -- extra muscle to drag me out of here if i did n't cooperate . 
 i appreciate you being concerned about my wellbeing , but there 's a rerun of cheers on tonight that i really want to watch , so -- '' `` please escort the young woman outside , '' smith said over his shoulder to the chuck norris lookalike . 
 `` we need to leave now . '' 
 `` do n't even think about -- '' jackie grabbed my arm , pulled me into the hallway , and twisted it behind my back before i even saw him move . 
 his grip was like iron . 
 i never had a chance . 
 i tried pushing away from the wall , failing miserably . 
 since they had me completely immobilized , i started concentrating on smith . 
 wrapping my mind around his , i grasped at the edges of his thoughts . 
 jackie pulled my arm up even higher , sending bolts of pain shooting through my shoulder . 
 the joint made a nasty creaking sound . 
 i lost my mental grip . 
 inside the apartment sammy yelled something that i could n't make out . 
 smith pulled a syringe out of his inside jacket pocket , took the cap off the end , and jabbed it in my neck . 
 `` what the hell ! '' 
 i yelled as i tried to pull my neck away . 
 warmth spread throughout my head . 
 `` relax , mr. benson , it 's just an opiate . 
 we do n't need you probing into areas that are n't meant for you . '' 
 `` how can you possibly know -- '' `` all of your questions will be answered in due time . '' 
 `` get off me ! 
 someone help ! 
 we 're being abducted ! '' 
 sammy screamed . 
 chuck carried her out of my apartment and brought her over to where we were standing . 
 he handed her purse to smith . 
 `` ash , what 's going on ? '' 
 my mind felt like it was turning into mush . 
 concentration was becoming impossible . 
 `` i have no idea , but it seems like we 're being kidnapped by the expendables , '' i said . 
 that earned me a cuff to the back of the head from jackie . 
 smith fished her i.d. out of her purse and glanced at it . 
 `` ms. moore , i suggest you calm down . 
 we 're doing this for your own safety . 
 please remain silent as we leave the building . '' 
 `` leave the building ? 
 kiss my ass ! 
 put me down , you oaf . 
 where 's your warrant ? 
 wait until the ncaa hears about this ! '' 
 `` ncaa ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you mean the aclu ? '' 
 `` yeah ! 
 i 'm going to sue the crap out of these guys ! '' 
 smith threw her purse back into the apartment before heading to the stairwell . 
 `` hey ! 
 i need that ! '' 
 chuck put his hand over her mouth , grabbed her around the waist and started carrying her down the stairs . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i struggled in jackie 's grip , but my strength had evaporated . 
 `` there 's no need to handle her like that . '' 
 my entire body felt loose and disconnected . 
 despite all that was happening , i started to feel blissful . 
 they were n't giving me any options , at least not any that i could capitalize on anymore , so i let them lead us down the stairwell . 
 sammy never stopped yelling into chuck 's hand . 
 she put up one hell of a struggle . 
 watching him try to carry her down four flights of stairs as she squirmed in his arms must have struck me as hilarious , because i began to giggle . 
 whatever they gave me had quite a kick . 
 as we walked out the front door of the building , they steered us toward a large white van that sat at the curb . 
 chuck opened the back door and threw sammy in . 
 jackie pushed me beside her . 
 the three of them climbed in , jackie taking the wheel , and we peeled away from the curb . 
 `` i ca n't believe this ! 
 ash , please tell me who these men are ! '' 
 samantha saw the dumbass smile on my face and turned her anger on me . 
 `` how can you smile at a time like this ? 
 these men abducted us ! '' 
 `` you have the cutest dimples when you 're mad , '' i said . 
 she looked at me as if i had gone completely insane , which was n't a stretch at that point . 
 leaning close to my face , she examined my eyes . 
 `` what did you do to him ? 
 his pupils are the size of a needle . '' 
 `` the extent of his abilities remains a mystery to us . 
 we had to utilize a high dosage . 
 he 'll be fine in a few hours , '' smith said . 
 his tone was so matter-of-fact he could have been reading baseball statistics . 
 `` i apologize for using such extreme measures , but certain safety protocols had to be maintained . 
 you were n't our objective , but your proximity to mr. benson has endangered you . '' 
 `` abilities , dosage , objective ? 
 speak english , asshole ! '' 
 `` here they come , '' chuck said as he peered out the rear window . 
 the rest of us turned and looked out the window , seeing a white van slide to a stop in front of our building . 
 a trapdoor opened on the top and a man rose out of it , waist high . 
 he lifted a rocket launcher onto his shoulder and fired it through the window of my apartment . 
 the front wall of the building exploded outward , showering the street with bricks , wood , and what was left of my burning belongings . 
 most of sammy 's place burned as well . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 sammy screeched . 
 two more men dressed in black climbed out of the van and ran into the building . 
 they were armed from head to toe . 
 `` i do n't think they spotted us , '' jackie said . 
 he watched the action in the van 's large mirror to his left . 
 my vision went in and out like a light bulb on a dimmer switch . 
 `` that looked awesome , '' i said , my words slurring as the world swam before my eyes . 
