 glitch amir ahmed copyright © 2012 by amir ahmed smashwords edition thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form , with the exception of quotes used in reviews . 
 your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated . 
 the cover for this book uses a skull drawing originally by tim piper of the noun project , and licensed under the creative commons cc by 3.0 this book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons , living or dead , or places , events or locales is purely coincidental . 
 the characters are productions of the author 's imagination and used fictitiously . 
 prologue on april 20 , 2011 , professor david thornton of the university of toronto disappeared . 
 at first , it looked like he had taken an unannounced sick day . 
 but by the end of may , thornton was still missing . 
 he did n't come in to his classes . 
 he did n't contact his colleagues . 
 his customary parking spot in the park near innis college remained empty . 
 he had vanished . 
 when no one else reacted , the university stepped in . 
 they called his home , his cell , his bank . 
 they looked for family but could n't find any . 
 the university eventually called the police , who had no idea what to do . 
 professor thornton was declared missing one day later , and removed from payroll in july , the start of the summer semester . 
 dr. thornton had no wife , no children , and very few friends . 
 but he did have me -- his old student . 
 professor thornton taught me everything i know about writing , research , and stories . 
 he 'd also helped me with a few personal problems that came to a head three years ago in my second year of graduate school . 
 i figured the least i could do , considering all that professor thornton had done for me , was to find out what had happened to him . 
 so , as he had taught me to do , i searched . 
 i dove into dumpsters for trashed faculty minutes , cold-called phones that had their service cut decades ago , and boiled my eyes on the internet reading every scrap of information related to thornton and his work . 
 my search eventually threw up some names . 
 not a lot . 
 when i tried contacting these leads i usually hit a dead end . 
 it even turned out one of the people on my list had also gone missing . 
 this person 's name was lena romanuik . 
 the police had not connected the two missing people . 
 perhaps they did n't try that hard : it was a busy season for violent crimes , and the relationship between them was so tenuous that my findings could have been a mistake . 
 i 'd already racked up a few of those . 
 a month after beginning my search , i got lucky . 
 i work for a consulting firm on wellington street , a quick subway ride away from u of t. on a friday before lunch , i was sitting at my desk playing flash games when i received an email from professor guy allen , the head of the communications department at u of t 's mississauga campus . 
 dr. allen had known thornton and had collected some of the papers at his mississauga office -lrb- u of t has three campuses , toronto , scarborough , and mississauga ; professors typically shuttle between campuses to teach -rrb- . 
 allen told me that he did n't know what to do with them -- would i like to see them ? 
 i said i would . 
 very much . 
 i left work early and drove over to utm . 
 i met professor allen in utm 's communications building , a big modern glass and steel structure in the centre of the campus . 
 he led me up a grand flight of sterile black stairs and down a long , narrow white hallway . 
 we spoke the whole time about thornton , and my attempts to find him . 
 when we reached thornton 's office , dr. allen showed me a pile of papers he 'd cleaned and stacked neatly on a blacktop desk . 
 he said i could come and look through them as long as i wanted , as often as i wanted , until he figured out what to do with them . 
 i sat down and began to read . 
 it was four o’clock . 
 i finished the stack at midnight . 
 i had not taken any breaks . 
 dr. allen had left at seven . 
 thornton 's stack was interesting . 
 disturbing . 
 some of the notebooks dated back to the eighties , and one was marked april 2011 , when he 'd gone missing . 
 thornton wrote the last entry in red pen at the back of a spiral notebook with a green cover . 
 the entry was written in clear capital letters instead of his normal slanted script . 
 it was as if he wanted someone to read and understand this message , if nothing else . 
 i am going to the house . 
 if sam flautt is there , i will have to kill him . 
 level zero , the stalker men . 
 blue eyed jack . 
 we are in danger . 
 gary , i let you down if i fail today . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 please god do n't let me die . 
 okay , i 'm going . 
 this was a shocking find . 
 for all i knew , this was the last printed message thornton had left before he disappeared . 
 it was incredible . 
 and completely strange . 
 it read half as a message to the reader , and half as a stream of thornton 's own thoughts . 
 the papers gave me a clear idea of what was happening , or what thornton thought was happening . 
 and they gave me a new lead : sam flautt . 
 i did some research on sam flautt . 
 he had also gone missing -- at around the same time as thornton . 
 i questioned his parents , his coworkers , tracked down his old roommate -lrb- still living in their old apartment -rrb- , and was given permission to look at sam 's stuff . 
 sam was a journalist at heart , even though he worked at the hr department of a group called teb financial . 
 he kept a blog and even wrote a diary , accompanied by an sd card filled with voice-recorded notes . 
 with the permission of sam 's roommate , i carefully took each bit of information , transcribed it , and correlated it with thornton 's notes when i could . 
 it revealed a story . 
 a very frightening one , with disturbing consequences . 
 in memory of david thornton , i have chosen to narrate the following story using the skills he taught me . 
 i have attempted my best to assume the voice of samuel flautt , because his notes and entries are the most prominent , and because i have gathered a lot about his personality from his parents and roommate , greg koo . 
 but mostly , i 've assumed flautt 's voice because he is the main character , the catalyst of all of these strange events . 
 there will inevitably be errors and guesswork . 
 there will be times when i fail to capture the proper tone , and insult these men and their memories . 
 but i will continue because we understand the world through stories , because we act on stories . 
 the following story goes beyond the normal . 
 it goes beyond what i personally want to believe . 
 i hold no opinion upon its truth . 
 instead i narrate the events as sam saw them , or believed he saw them . 
 i have found similar , corroborating stories of the stalker men , also called blue-eyed jack , on the internet , but have no desire to research them any further . 
 thornton believed in them . 
 sam believed in them . 
 that 's enough for me . 
 if this story is true , some very scary things might start very , very soon . 
 -- amir ahmed chapter one : the santa `` over there ! '' 
 greg shouted . 
 i followed greg 's pointing finger to the santa . 
 the shirtless santa reared at the base of the subway stairs , crouching like an animal next to an ad for global tv . 
 he stood six feet tall , bulging with muscle . 
 a shock of curly black hair spilled onto his shoulders from beneath a dirty red cap . 
 the santa scowled beneath his fake beard . 
 his six-pack abs rippled beneath his skin . 
 i thought he 'd charge . 
 instead , he raised his middle finger and ran up the flight . 
 `` bastard , '' i whispered . 
 my name is sam flautt . 
 mondays to fridays i work as an hr rep at teb financial . 
 today is sunday . 
 greg and i ran to the stairs leading out of the ossington subway station . 
 our feet pounded the tiles and clapped over the traffic announcements buzzing out the intercom . 
 i jumped up the first step . 
 a flash of red hat vanished at the top . 
 on the weekends , i write for my blog `` stranger danger '' , documenting the weird parts of toronto . 
 greg does the photos . 
 you should check out the blog ; once , we got mentioned on 102.1 the edge . 
 `` he 's too fast , '' greg shouted . 
 i gritted my teeth and leapt up the steps three at a time . 
 `` get the camera ready ! '' 
 i yelled back . 
 the air roared past my ears . 
 afternoon light blazed off the steel railings . 
 i cleared the final step . 
 bloor and ossington was where toronto 's downtown sank into residential streets and lots of small , pointless shops . 
 the neighborhood lived like the family car : old , comfortable , and worn smooth by use . 
 the graffiti leaned towards the artistic more than the criminally utilitarian , and hipsters with nothing better to do pasted stickers of 8-bit video game characters on the trash cans . 
 the restaurant signs were in equal parts left-to-right english and right-to-left arabic . 
 the calm pedestrians , the gentle breeze , and the warm sunlight disoriented me as i came out of the subway . 
 it was one o’clock , the end of the lunch hour . 
 toronto 's new spring sun burned high and hot today , blazing white in traffic signs and passing cars . 
 crickets and cicadas buzzed in the brown , ragged grass . 
 i scanned the street . 
 this intersection was home to a td bank , a lebanese restaurant called mayt el heshla , a 24/7 convenience store , and grandmaster kong 's karate academy . 
 there were a lot of people on the sidewalk , moving slowly and enjoying the first few days of spring . 
 i forced myself to ignore the peace and quiet . 
 it looked like a normal sunday afternoon , but the santa was nearby . 
 i could smell his crazy . 
 greg came up panting behind me . 
 he clutched his nokia in both hands . 
 his fingers left sweaty , rippled marks on the camera 's black plastic . 
 `` we 'll split up , '' i said , surveying the calm street . 
 i 'd tracked the shirtless santa for two days . 
 i was n't going to let him get away . 
 `` i 'm done , '' greg wheezed . 
 `` i ca n't do it , man . '' 
 i did n't waste time arguing . 
 i turned right on bloor , stalking between the crowds and small , gnarled trees budding green in the new spring . 
 i scanned the streets . 
 at every storefront and in every mob of pedestrians , i observed the same monotone normalcy . 
 just people relaxing and having fun . 
 the front steps of a sex shop had nothing , the long and mcquaide music store had nothing , a place called the comedy bar had only a slim brunette woman sweeping dead leaves away . 
 fucking routine everywhere . 
 wait . 
 at an intersection a few meters down i saw an old woman in a pink windbreaker . 
 her face was pulled into a horrified grimace and her hands were reaching to her widening mouth like she was about to scream . 
 i sprinted across the street , leaving greg behind me . 
 a yellow mustang squealed to a halt as i crossed . 
 its horn blared at me . 
 i pounded onto the sidewalk , cleared a squat green bench , and chased the old lady 's affronted gaze down an empty side street . 
 the side street was a single lane , stretching through a row of low office buildings . 
 to my right , a pit dug two stories deep marked the birthing ground for a new parking garage . 
 there were no pedestrians here . 
 the wall of buildings even pushed back most of the noise from bloor . 
 the buildings were all squat business buildings , half small brick buildings and half fancy wooden ones with ornate fronts and curved gothic windows from when the city was still under british rule . 
 i stood in the middle of the empty street . 
 i listened for screams , swears , or the santa 's supposed catchphrase , `` i need a ho ho hooooo ! '' 
 nothing . 
 i 'd heard about the santa for months , but had only just seen confirmed eyewitnesses testify on twitter . 
 he 'd become a legend in the city ; no one knew if he was a buff homeless person or a juice-monkey with a surreal spin to his free time . 
 he appeared on the subway to do pull-ups on the hand-bars and hit on girls . 
 he sported a perpetually gigantic hard-on that he called his festivus pole . 
 but despite his obvious insanity , the santa was remarkably savvy . 
 he refused to talk to cameras and left at the first sign of police or media . 
 so far reports of him had been confined to interviews with victims and the girls who 'd given him their numbers . 
 i needed footage of this man . 
 a voice down the road screamed , `` what the hell !? '' 
 gotcha . 
 i ran in the direction of the shout . 
 it came from a brown brick office building next to the construction pit . 
 the building had small , deep-set windows , and a massive hedge-lined entrance . 
 behind a pair of silver-etched plate glass doors , the santa screamed at a security guard . 
 the guard screamed back . 
 i pulled out my black samsung phone , found the camera function , and hit on . 
 the camera flickered on . 
 the quality was crap , but my screen caught the santa and the guard , locked in their screaming match . 
 the santa paused . 
 in the screen of my phone , the santa flickered , suddenly moving too fast for my samsung to capture . 
 he raised his arms , lifted his leg , and spun . 
 he drew his foot up . 
 his hips locked like a pistol cocking . 
 a white adidas hung in the air . 
 and kicked the doors . 
 the doors blasted open , driven by the elemental fury of a crazy but very buff man . 
 i was standing way too close . 
 the stainless steel handlebar whacked my hand across the knuckles and sent my samsung flying . 
 i grabbed at my airborne phone . 
 i missed . 
 the phone sailed through the air and crashed onto the sidewalk . 
 that phone cost three hundred dollars . 
 `` bastard , '' i muttered . 
 i clutched my aching hand . 
 i smelled the santa as he sprinted past me . 
 he smelled of sweat and mildewed beard . 
 `` you ass ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 but the santa was gone . 
 i inspected my hand . 
 pain . 
 lots of pain . 
 red and white blotches swam across my knuckles . 
 a bunch of small bones shifted and i could see them like bubbles beneath my skin . 
 i choked a bit . 
 steady , sam . 
 men do n't cry . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 the security guard stepped out and stared down the street . 
 `` you know that guy ? '' 
 `` no , '' i groaned . 
 i tried to move my fingers . 
 they did -- barely -- with a pain like broken glass . 
 `` just some asshole . '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 but i had turned away from him . 
 i tottered over to my fallen phone , picked it up with my good hand , and slipped it into my pocket . 
 `` just -- peachy , '' i grunted . 
 i stumbled towards bloor . 
 if he was back on the main road , the santa could get anywhere . 
 even if i found him , i could n't film him with my broken samsung . 
 my injured hand hung at my side . 
 i shuffled forward ; my hand flopped -- dead meat . 
 i pulled out my phone with the other hand . 
 i inspected my phone . 
 a long white fracture ran down the black plastic casing . 
 the phone 's touchscreen rioted blue , green , and red shards . 
 garbage . 
 i gripped the phone and the plastic creaked . 
 no way my warranty covered shirtless santas . 
 i shoved the phone back and took a jog , trying to force the pain out my hand . 
 my entire right arm hurt now . 
 shirtless bastard . 
 my phone buzzed again . 
 maybe its insides still worked . 
 not that it mattered ; the trashed screen would n't let me do anything . 
 i pushed the phone 's power button , but it kept buzzing . 
 i gave up and slipped it back into my pocket . 
 busted hand . 
 busted phone . 
 no footage . 
 all in all , not the best sunday . 
 chapter two : the invisible floor no place like toronto . 
 i loved this city for its schizophrenia , and because i 'd never gone outside ontario . 
 under the cn tower , toronto mixed skyscrapers , mom and pop stores , and raver clubs into a crazy chutney . 
 it was also the only real city in ontario ; nearby mississauga , oakville , and brampton all had massive populations , but the mindsets of suburban towns . 
 maybe that 's why when people describe toronto they always come up short . 
 it 's just toronto -- one of a kind . 
 the only alternative in canada is vancouver or montreal . 
 and i hear vancouver smells bad . 
 there 's an old , unfunny joke about this city . 
 it goes , `` toronto has two seasons : winter and construction . '' 
 now , in late march , winter had ended and construction had begun . 
 the smell of tar rolled through the streets , and orange pylons clustered around every imperfection in the road . 
 the wind blew a lot because of lake ontario , and if you went high enough you could see the lake , a blue horizon at the city limits . 
 the wind blew now on the side street on bloor . 
 smelling of fresh tar , lebanese food , and cigarette smoke , this breeze shook the naked trees and flapped the traffic signs . 
 it kicked up eddies of dust and twirled the pounded fragments of dead leaves , sand , and bark chips . 
 i watched , clutching my aching hand . 
 the santa had fled . 
 he probably would n't let himself get caught again . 
 i 'd have to come up with a blog post for tonight : either admit my failure to the harsh judges of the internet , or come up with an entirely new story . 
 as i thought , a fat brown paper bag flew over a roof , landed on the street , and scuttled across the pavement . 
 the wind picked up , and the bag skidded over the sidewalk , scurrying past my feet . 
 a bit of good karma could n't hurt . 
 i bent over to pick it up . 
 the wind roared and the bag tumbled away . 
 it flew towards the construction pit at the head of the street . 
 normally i 'd have given up , but i really needed that karma . 
 i chased the bag . 
 the construction pit probably marked the future home of a parking garage or multilevel office building . 
 right now it was just a pit dug into ruddy clay . 
 steel railings and cardboard panels blocked most of it from view . 
 the railings swung off the sidewalk and created a temporary path along the road . 
 the panels showed bright , full-colour photos of pretty buildings in someplace sunny and snowless . 
 the paper bag careened through the air . 
 it smacked against a cardboard panel , whacking a larger-than-life couple across the jaw . 
 the wind pinned the bag to the panel , crackling it at the edges . 
 i jumped at the bag and swiped it down . 
 the buddha would be pleased . 
 i tried to hold the bag in my injured hand . 
 pain . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i grunted . 
 there went my good karma . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 the voice murmured out the construction zone . 
 my ears pricked . 
 men 's voices , speaking low . 
 `` no . 
 now come and spot me . '' 
 `` we ca n't use this route , '' the first man said . 
 `` it 's too public . '' 
 a break in the panels further down revealed part of the pit 's insides . 
 i edged closer to it and felt a fear ball in my stomach . 
 i dealt with weird stuff all the time : artists painting with placenta , homeless people twittering their days out , muscled santas accosting subway patrons . 
 but those people all worked in public . 
 this sounded like something secret . 
 `` it 'll save thirty seconds , though . 
 haze is planning on using the church route . '' 
 they did n't speak with the easy , expansive volume of construction workers , and they did n't sound like what television told me criminals sounded like . 
 they sounded young -- maybe graffiti artists ? 
 `` haze always talks big . 
 he wo n't do it . '' 
 i crept closer to the gap in the signs . 
 i went slowly , but i did n't have to bother . 
 there was more than enough background noise coming from bloor . 
 `` but if he does do it , we 'll be ready , '' one voice said . 
 `` the path here goes fifteen meters . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 the voice said something else but the wind drowned it out . 
 i crouched and planted my good hand on the cool asphalt . 
 i peeked inside the pit . 
 it was a normal construction pit , the kind dotted all over the city . 
 everyone needed to turn parks into buildings and strip malls into high-rises . 
 so yellow tonka toys rolled in to dig up the dried-blood earth and dump in concrete , iron , and colour-coded string . 
 the pit here was no different : a scaffold hung in the far end and a pile of pvc pipes lay at the bottom . 
 red and grey striations ran across the crumbling walls . 
 two men stood on the pit . 
 and i do n't mean in , i mean on . 
 they were floating . 
 two guys stood about twenty feet above the pit 's bottom . 
 i looked for a sheet of glass , wires , or stilts . 
 i did n't see anything . 
 they were floating . 
 one of the guys wore a scruffy beard and one of those sack-hats that hipsters like . 
 he sported thick glasses that i suspect he did n't actually need , and held a spool of yellow measuring tape . 
 the measuring tape dangled just to his feet , where it stopped with his shoes . 
 this had to be a trick . 
 `` check the seal , '' the other guy said . 
 other guy was dressed in jeans and a grey hoodie three sizes too large . 
 a blackberry case hung on the waistband of his jeans , and a dark blue satchel bag swung from his shoulder . 
 `` fuck you , '' other guy answered . 
 he looked at the sky and wrinkled his forehead like it bothered him . 
 just to reiterate , he was floating . 
 a pile of rocks lay piled below him , spoil from the clay . 
 the rocks jagged in a series of sharp , pointy directions . 
 if either of these men fell , they would die . 
 but they did n't . 
 they stood on a plane of their own choice . 
 tape measure guy sighed . 
 he wound up the tape measure and jogged near the wall of the pit to the left of me . 
 his feet rang silent on the air . 
 somehow i 'd expected them to clap like solid ground . 
 tape measure guy ran a hand over he ran a hand over the wall . 
 a line of blue light welled up against the wall . 
 the light looked like an led or a strip from a neon sign . 
 my stomach , so much smarter than my brain if only i would listen to it , turned heavy and queasy . 
 to my brain , the light looked like an accessory to a mystery . 
 to my stomach , it looked like bad news . 
 tape measure guy pinched the tape and fed it into the wall . 
 i did n't see a hole but the tape unravelled through it . 
 tape measure guy pulled out the tape and inspected it . 
 `` clean anyway , '' he said . 
 `` for now . '' 
 `` a place like here is always clean , '' said satchel bag . 
 `` no fucking point . '' 
 `` it takes three seconds , '' tape measure said . 
 `` also i 'm still pissed you said that to lena . '' 
 satchel bag sauntered over to tape measure . 
 tape measure braced both hands against the wall , like he was stretching . 
 `` maybe it was a dick move , '' satchel bag said as he turned away , back to looking at the sky . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the voice came from behind me . 
 i spun and lost my balance . 
 my back fell against the cardboard panel and rattled the railings above the pit . 
 a dark figure stood in front of me , outlined by the sunlight streaming in from the construction project 's makeshift corridor . 
 it was the security guard from before , the one who had done his duty protecting his building from the shirtless santa . 
 the guard was a stocky man with a straw-coloured beard running down his cheeks and neck and a dark green lanyard running down his neck . 
 he did n't look happy . 
 what did he want with me ? 
 could n't he tell i was spying on wizards ? 
 the guard 's eyes were grey and steely , deep-set in his head , wrinkles running from them like cracks from an impact crater . 
 was he with the people floating in the pit ? 
 was he going to kill me ? 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 the guard pointed to my throbbing hand . 
 `` that guy whacked you pretty hard . '' 
 `` i 'm -- i 'm fine , '' i said . 
 `` i saw you kneeling there ... '' the guard continued , raising his hand at me . 
 he had a disarmingly friendly canadian accent -- soft and friendly . 
 `` and your hand . '' 
 `` i was just getting something off my shoe , haha . '' 
 i grinned manically . 
 i could n't see into the pit anymore . 
 fuck fuck fuck . 
 the security guard was staring at me like i was weird . 
 `` haha ? '' 
 i tried . 
 for a long time the guard did n't respond . 
 he seemed to be wondering if i was worth dealing with . 
 finally , he put his hands behind his back . 
 `` i called the police . 
 if you want to give any evidence for that guy , you should stick around . '' 
 i told the guard i needed to leave . 
 he waited , seemingly for me to actually get up and go . 
 i stayed there . 
 the guard shrugged , turned , and left . 
 he whistled as he headed back to the building . 
 the tune went out of sync with a set of silver keys clinking in his back pocket . 
 when he was gone , i bent back down and stared into the pit . 
 the men were gone . 
 once again , the pit looked like every construction project ever . 
 just a hole . 
 a hole that would become a building . 
 the guys were gone . 
 my story was gone . 
 fuck . 
 fucking fuck . 
 i stared at the suddenly normal pit in this suddenly normal world . 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 i had two options . 
 i could pretend this never happened . 
 i could go home and acknowledge my defeat to the internet . 
 next week i 'd do something easier for my blog , like making toffee . 
 that was option one . 
 option two involved me being crazy . 
 my stomach liked option one . 
 my stomach was a pussy . 
 i shot my head up to the cardboard panels . 
 the steel railings blocking the pit made a pattern of metal diamonds . 
 easy to climb . 
 my awareness of my surroundings goes up when i do stupid stuff . 
 at a glance , i could listen for the footsteps of witnesses , find the high-tech shine of security cameras , and take in the intangible , psychic lure of the other side . 
 the last bit was important . 
 it was what helped me remember the one important fact in my life : i 'd never had fun acting normal . 
 the railing rose about three feet above my head . 
 i tested my injured hand ; i could close it with only a little pain . 
 i planted a foot on the railing and grabbed a bar overhead . 
 i pushed myself up and grabbed another . 
 the top of the railing came closer and closer . 
 i came eye to eye with a cardboard ad displaying oversized well-dressed rich people . 
 the rich people were hugging each other and laughing . 
 i hooked my elbow around the top of the railing . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 i turned my head . 
 it was greg , running towards me . 
 his heavy black camera swung with his stride . 
 his thin wireframe glasses bounced up and down his nose . 
 `` hey , greg , '' i said . 
 `` what -- are you doing -- up there ? '' 
 greg panted . 
 his feet stuttered to a halt . 
 he clutched his side and gasped out : `` i got -- the santa ! '' 
 i pushed against my foothold and rose higher above the railing . 
 i took out my good hand and wrapped it on the top rung . 
 the metal felt cold in my palm . 
 i pulled myself up so my chin came over the top , and i peered into the other side . 
 a construction pit looks small when you pass it on the street . 
 that 's because they 're usually next to the skyscrapers or the gigantic yellow diggers or the red and white cranes . 
 even if a construction pit is deserted , it looks small because of context : one day it 's going to be another boring office building neatly set with normal-sized rooms and normal-sized lives . 
 climbing on top of the guard railing , the construction pit was not normal-sized . 
 it yawned , larger than life , like a predatory mouth , like a monster breaking out of the earth to feed . 
 i felt wind on my face and could imagine that the pit was breathing , sucking me in . 
 the pit was huge . 
 i was small . 
 it was dark . 
 i needed light . 
 if i was n't careful i would break my skull on the bottom , and the pit would not be harmed . 
 i put my other hand on the top rung . 
 `` sam ? 
 sam ? '' 
 greg shouted . 
 `` what the hell , man ? 
 get down -- i got the santa . '' 
 `` this is n't about the santa , '' i said . 
 i pulled my chest above the top of the railing . 
 my arms shook with the effort . 
 pain burned in my bad hand . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 greg seethed . 
 `` what if someone comes ? '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 greg 's preoccupation with societal backlash was endearing , but sometimes it made him hard to work with . 
 i planted a foot on the top of the railing and my balance wavered back and forth . 
 the pit grew deeper and darker . 
 it stretched to fill my vision . 
 i clutched the cold metal . 
 i could n't feel my fingers . 
 carefully , i brought my foot down to the other side . 
 i hooked it into the diamond railing notches and began my descent `` you 're gon na fall , '' greg said . 
 i grunted , and took another step down . 
 `` hey , '' i said as i drew level with greg . 
 i swallowed . 
 climbing down , fighting the lure of gravity and a horrible , horrible death , was much harder than climbing up . 
 `` think you can bust me out of here ? '' 
 i grunted . 
 greg did n't laugh . 
 i took one more step down the railing . 
 i felt gravity pulling me down -- could n't let it . 
 if i fell i 'd die . 
 if i fell i 'd die . 
 so i would n't fall . 
 i took another step down . 
 i 'd used up the last of the railing . 
 there was just a sheer wall of clay beneath me now . 
 i could n't climb down that . 
 `` what the hell , sam !? '' 
 greg asked me through the steel bars . 
 he was pacing , hilariously unhinged . 
 i looked down : about thirty feet of nothing . 
 nothing down there but a bad , bad fall . 
 but two men had walked on it . 
 i lowered my foot . 
 it swept through empty air . 
 `` sam ? 
 sam ! '' 
 greg shouted . 
 the muscles in my arms groaned . 
 the invisible floor must be a bit lower . 
 those men walked on air -- just a bit further down . 
 pain built in my injured hand like gas before an explosion . 
 i could hold it . 
 i just needed two more inches . 
 crick . 
 something snapped along my wrist . 
 i screamed my eyes shut . 
 wind whined in my ear and now i was swinging in the air . 
 i felt my feet skating on nothing . 
 a bar smacked my kidney . 
 my body lurched away from the railing , toward the pit . 
 towards the fall . 
 my good hand began to slip on the cold metal beams . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 greg screamed . 
 i felt a hand grab my arm . 
 `` sam , get up ! '' 
 i threw my injured hand up . 
 greg caught it by the wrist . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` you 're too fat , '' greg grunted . 
 `` i 'm gon na lose you . '' 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i scraped the clay wall with my feet and sent scraps of mud flying . 
 i was going to die . 
 i was finally going to die and i had n't even made a hundred hits on stranger danger . 
 somehow i got more purchase on the clay . 
 i kicked up and hooked a foot on the bottom rung of the railing . 
 i hugged the fence with my chest . 
 my head went dizzy . 
 i felt like i was falling back , like the entire world was falling back into that pit and its mystery . 
 out the corner of my eye , i imagined i saw a line of blue light -- thin and hard like the line on a razor . 
 `` i wo n't let go , '' greg said . 
 `` just come up . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i wo n't let go , so stop whispering ` do n't let go ' . '' 
 greg gritted his teeth and pulled my arm harder . 
 `` i 'm not whispering that , '' i said . 
 `` fine . 
 just climb . '' 
 i did as i was told . 
 i shambled up the rungs . 
 this was n't fun anymore . 
 solid ground was fun . 
 i came over the railing a second time . 
 i tried to make a slow , careful descent onto the sidewalk , but i got tangled halfway down and fell a few feet . 
 i skinned my elbows against the concrete . 
 `` what the hell , man !? '' 
 greg shouted above me . 
 `` wanted to test something , '' i murmured . 
 i felt the ground beneath me . 
 i gripped it in my good hand . 
 i loved ground so much . 
 `` test what ? 
 you could 've died . '' 
 `` i saw something . '' 
 i flopped my hand over to the pit . 
 `` invisible floor . 
 invisible floor there . '' 
 greg raised his eyebrow . 
 he looked around , grabbed the paper bag i 'd rescued , and tossed it through the steel railing bars . 
 the paper bag sailed down the pit . 
 it landed in a puddle at the bottom . 
 now why did n't i think of that ? 
 greg kicked me lightly in the ribs . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got the footage . 
 we have to write the post . '' 
 i rolled over . 
 the asphalt beneath me felt so stable , so wonderfully stable . 
 i wiped a gritty sleeve against my face . 
 the sleeve came back wet and salty . 
 how strange . 
 `` fine , '' i said . 
 i got up and pain lanced up my arm . 
 i winced . 
 `` first though , where 's a hospital ? '' 
 # we found a hospital willing to take us in a few blocks away . 
 it was an old clinic named lady of fatima . 
 it operated in a building with an aged victorian veranda outside but a modern , yellow-tiled office inside . 
 the waiting room was small , cramped , and on the brink of being overcrowded . 
 a patient filled every green-padded seat . 
 a slim filipino woman in dark purple scrubs sat at the reception desk , working between several massive monitors . 
 `` what do you think of this sentence ? '' 
 greg asked me as we waited in the green-padded waiting-room chairs . 
 he adjusted a pair of thin blue reading glasses and read off the netbook balancing on his knees . 
 `` there are few mysteries left in the world : human adventurers have scaled the heights of everest -- '' `` let me read it , '' i said . 
 i pulled the laptop over to me . 
 we have cracked the atom , we have cracked the human soul . 
 with all of that under our belts , we should be able to find santa . 
 but , ladies and gentleman , in the toronto subway systems ... `` i do n't like ` ladies and gentleman ' ; it 's too long to read , '' i said . 
 i pushed the computer back to greg . 
 `` do you think they 'll give me painkillers ? '' 
 greg elbowed me in the head . 
 `` tell me about the invisible floor , '' he said . 
 i did n't . 
 `` fine , '' greg muttered . 
 he clacked a few more words out on the computer . 
 `` i 'm nearly done . 
 give me your phone . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 greg held out his palm . 
 i pulled my phone out . 
 greg twirled the samsung in his thick fingers . 
 for a short , stubby man , he always treated machines with a delicate flair . 
 `` your sd card might have gotten video footage before it broke . 
 i wan na see if i can retrieve it . '' 
 i closed my eyes and leaned back into my seat 's green foam padding . 
 i groaned ; my entire arm throbbed with low , feverish pain . 
 i did n't want to be here . 
 the waiting room was too hot . 
 and the horrible silence of the other patients jagged my nerves . 
 i wanted to be back at the pit . 
 i wanted my hand whole and healed , not aching hot and burning with shifting , squealing pain . 
 i wanted to know what had let those guys walk on air . 
 if it was n't an invisible floor , it was a magic trick . 
 if it was n't a trick , it was some sort of hologram . 
 but for what ? 
 `` haha , we have something . '' 
 greg turned the phone over to me . 
 he clicked a button and a video played on the computer . 
 the vid showed the shirtless santa turning , walking , raising his foot at the camera . 
 i winced when i saw the door fly open and strike my hand . 
 the image shifted up as the phone sailed through the sky . 
 what the -- greg thumbed the track pad . 
 `` that 's weird , '' he said . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 the camera showed a sky full of stars . 
 at noon . 
 the video ended with a crunch . 
 we saw a flash of sidewalk , and then black . 
 `` maybe ... '' greg opened up the video file 's info to look at the details . 
 greg shook his head slowly . 
 `` i have no clue why it 's doing that . '' 
 there were definitely no stars when i took the footage , but the other parts of the video -- the santa , the security guard , the swinging doors -- played exactly as i had shot it . 
 the nurse at the front called my name . 
 `` the doctor can see you now , '' she said . 
 the doctor , a big indian guy with two thick gold rings on his right hand , poked my wrist a couple of times . 
 he held my arm in an uncomfortable way , and then gingerly tried to twist it . 
 i screamed . 
 after that he put his thumb down on my wrist and knuckle . 
 his fingers felt warm and dry , like leather , on my sweaty skin . 
 he prodded up and down my arm . 
 `` it 's a sprain , '' he announced . 
 `` several sprains . 
 pretty bad . '' 
 the doctor said i should put ice on it and take an aspirin . 
 if i could n't move it in three days it was probably a fracture . 
 thanks , doc . 
 `` think of it as a battle wound , '' greg suggested as we descended into the ossington subway to head home . 
 `` and the five readers will love the photos . '' 
 i 'd seen greg 's photos . 
 they were good . 
 after encountering me , the santa had run down bloor street . 
 greg was recuperating on the sidewalk when the santa came by . 
 he took the shot as the santa sprinted across the street . 
 maybe being a lazy ass was n't so bad after all . 
 the photo was saturated with bright noon colours , looking down onto the street . 
 greg said he 'd jumped on top of a bench to get the angle . 
 the picture mostly showed street , with a focus on the red figure in the centre . 
 the shirtless santa , frozen in a leap , pom-pom hat swinging , fake beard and chiseled abs gleaming with sweat . 
 the picture did n't show much sky , but when i looked closer at the top edge of the photo ... i noticed something . 
 the sky was black . 
 just like in my video . 
 strange . 
 # that monday , i walked into work in my standard getup of khakis and my uncle 's dress shirt . 
 the clothes clashed and hung way too loose on my frame . 
 but they clearly conveyed my feelings regarding corporate culture and hr 's clothing policy . 
 the dress shirt 's white sleeve hung unbuttoned around my right hand -- the good one . 
 i could n't button it with my wrecked left hand . 
 i work as an hr slave at the teb financial internship program . 
 it 's my job to hire applicants for the program and grill them hard when they come in . 
 i took the job because it seemed stable and i did n't have to take my work home with me . 
 the only downside was the dress code : no casual fridays for hr reps. we always have to dress up for interviews . 
 it may have been my imagination , but as i walked through the hallway to the hr office , it felt like people were staring . 
 at first i thought it was my arm -- it had turned pale and veiny overnight -- but i calmed myself by telling myself the injury was n't noticeable . 
 it was n't like i 'd ruined my arm and would drag it around my waist forever , a crippled wad of crumpled bone and mangled flesh that would scare children and eventually inspire a teen slasher film . 
 no , it was n't like that at all . 
 the arm was fine . 
 i ignored the not-staring and entered the hr office . 
 `` sam . 
 your arm , '' sarah said as i came in through the door . 
 coincidence . 
 the hr department takes up two offices and a cubicle hub on the fourth floor of the teb financial building in downtown mississauga . 
 i work in the smaller office with three other hr people . 
 the office has a water cooler in it , and a whiteboard with inspiring quotes on it . 
 sarah hu , a western grad with a tendency for floral print dresses , had already clocked in . 
 she was sitting at her desk , her organized , clean desk , waiting obediently for some email from management . 
 the model of corporate affectation . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 sarah asked as i set my backpack down at my desk . 
 right across from sarah 's , my desk painted a different picture of office life . 
 lots of junk . 
 lots of pencil stains from scribbling and erasing ideas for stranger danger stuff . 
 i also had a much less sophisticated filing system than sarah -- i do n't file . 
 `` just an accident , '' i said . 
 i bent down and turned on my computer . 
 `` it looks purplish , '' she said , leaning over to look . 
 she brushed a hair from her eyes and squinted . 
 `` and it 's twitching . '' 
 on second inspection , i could admit that my hand did have a sort of purple hue to it . 
 a perfectly healthy purple . 
 `` can you move it ? '' 
 sarah asked . 
 `` i think . '' 
 i held out my hand and moved the fingers . 
 sarah choked a bit . 
 `` you need a doctor , '' she said . 
 `` i saw one . 
 he said i 'll be fine . '' 
 on my computer , my desktop picture flashed on -- a picture of mario jumping over a koopa troopa . 
 i ignored sarah 's staring and pulled up my schedule for today . 
 an interview in the morning and a policy development meeting in the afternoon . 
 `` at least put on a sling or something , '' sarah said . 
 i nodded and mumbled something . 
 i put away the calendar on my computer and called up the stranger danger website . 
 the shirtless santa article stood at the top of the page . 
 my name and greg 's ran in the byline . 
 sweetness . 
 i skimmed through the article . 
 it looked good . 
 i 'd edited and formatted it last night . 
 the style changes looked okay . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' sarah said . 
 she got up and left with her purple lunch bag . 
 i scrolled down the blog post . 
 even the pull quote looked good . 
 and at the bottom of the article greg had included the video retrieved from my phone . 
 i clicked the video . 
 it went as normal . 
 the santa , the screaming , the door kick . 
 except ... on my screen , the santa kicked the doors , and froze . 
 the video stopped there . 
 greg had cut out the bit with the stars . 
 i rolled over to greg 's photo of the santa . 
 i do n't know if greg had done it by accident or on purpose , but the photo was cropped to hide the black sky . 
 interesting . 
 sara came back in with a tube of saran wrap . 
 # when i went to interview applicants that morning , i wore a saran wrap sling across my arm and chest . 
 sarah had pinned my arm to my chest and wrapped the plastic around my shoulder and back . 
 `` it wo n't hold , '' i 'd said . 
 `` it will , '' she 'd replied , and made another loop past my chest and around my shoulder . 
 after two loops she cut the plastic and stuffed the frayed end into the crook of my arm . 
 i told sarah i could n't move my hand . 
 she told me that was the point . 
 for the next hour , my arm turned a variety of colors . 
 a low pain burned through my wrist , tunneling through my bicep , and terminating in an unpleasant tingle at my shoulder . 
 the pain followed me throughout the day . 
 by eleven , i was waiting to interview a new intern in the teb interview rooms , and seriously pondering investing in mechanical limbs . 
 the interview rooms at teb financial are small and motivational . 
 the one i had to interview in was about the size of a washroom . 
 there was one desk and two flimsy office chairs at either side of it . 
 i sat at the chair closest to the door . 
 a stack of papers rested on the desk for me to leaf through . 
 most of the pages were blanks i brought in to look important . 
 across from me , a large poster showed a group of young men and women in business wear jumping . 
 the yellow and black teb logo ran across the bottom of the poster , along with the legend : teb can take you places . 
 to distract myself from the steady , digging ache in my arm , i leafed through today 's applicant 's résumé and cover letter . 
 the guy 's name was gary geare . 
 swim captain , fourth-year commerce grad , lots of club experience . 
 under the `` education '' heading of his resume , he 'd written in st. joseph 's academy under his york university degree . 
 i 'd researched st. joseph 's , and found out it was the name of a fancy private elementary school . 
 this interview was not going to be fun . 
 someone knocked at the door . 
 `` yep ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's rohit . '' 
 rohit was the most senior , non-supervisor member of the hr office . 
 he stood five foot seven , a 40-year-old man who followed world cricket and how i met your mother . 
 he perpetually wore a red sweater vest that made him look like someone 's father from the fifties . 
 `` hey , rohit , '' i said . 
 `` what do you have ? '' 
 `` one gary geare . '' 
 rohit opened the door wider and revealed a tall , chiseled dolce and gabbana model with no obvious indications of a soul . 
 the thing named gary smiled . 
 he wore a black suit and red tie and had his brown hair gelled and swept up . 
 `` nice to meet you , sir , '' he said . 
 `` likewise , '' i smiled back and offered my good hand . 
 gary took it and gave a weak handshake . 
 his eyes fell across the sling pinning my arm to my chest . 
 he ignored it . 
 good man . 
 i sat gary down . 
 policy said rohit and i had to tell a joke to each other to make the potential intern feel at home . 
 neither rohit or i were good at jokes , so he just nodded and headed out the door . 
 the door clicked shut behind him in time with the ticking clock behind me . 
 i leafed through the stack of papers on the desk and pulled out the page with the interview questions on it . 
 we were n't allowed to ask interviewees questions of our own devising . 
 `` so , what can you tell us about yourself ? '' 
 i asked gary , reading verbatim from the script . 
 gary folded his hands in front of him . 
 he lowered his head like he was praying , or deep in thought . 
 more likely he was trying to remember the answer his girlfriend had written for him the night before . 
 `` well , '' gary began . 
 `` i guess my story starts back in high school . '' 
 gary went on . 
 i clicked my blue teb pen , pulled out a blank page from my stack , and began to doodle . 
 gary continued his story , tying his high school lacrosse team into a meaningful picture of perseverance in the face of hardship . 
 i 'd heard his story fifteen hundred times already from the identical jock-accountants teb loved so much . 
 after i died , gary and his twins ' stories would be the soundtrack to my personalized hell . 
 i drew a cow , a turkey , and another cow on my paper . 
 `` but i really realized that , you know , having a dream is fine , but you need stability to back it up , '' gary continued . 
 `` amen , '' i agreed , not listening . 
 i was n't supposed to say `` amen '' . 
 we were a secular workplace . 
 gary went on talking , and i began to draw a starry sky . 
 i 've never been good at drawing , but even if i was , i do n't think i could have captured how the sky appeared in my phone 's video , and in greg 's photograph . 
 the sky in those recordings looked ... eerie . 
 the perspective was off in a way i could n't even remember . 
 the most accurate way to describe it would be like how sky appeared in a video game : flat , like a painting , without the depth or sense of space . 
 the sky in the video was more like a wall , pressing down on the world . 
 i drew a ripped santa claus below the night sky . 
 i sketched out a speech bubble and had him say , `` ho ho ho i 'm a douchebag . '' 
 gary was staring at me . 
 i realized he 'd stopped talking about a minute ago . 
 `` uhhh ... '' i flipped back to the question sheet . 
 `` it says on your résumé that you were chair of the commerce society ? '' 
 when i finished the interview , rohit came by again to give gary another tour of the place . 
 alone again , with only the ticking clock for company , i loosened my tie and scribbled `` 2nd interview '' on top of gary 's résumé . 
 i picked up my page of doodles , stared at it for a while , and crumpled it up . 
 i threw the ball at the recycling box . 
 it rebounded off the wall and bounced in . 
 i put my forehead on the desk . 
 seven hours until i would get to leave . 
 the door opened . 
 `` sam ! 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 i looked up . 
 a short man in dress pants , a shirt , and a blue hoodie flashing the teb logo came in like he owned the room . 
 he did . 
 this was henry , the exec in charge of the internship program , my boss . 
 henry bit his lips and shook his head at the papers fanned across the desk . 
 he sat down in the chair opposite me . 
 i did n't do anything to straighten my posture . 
 henry frowned . 
 wrinkles blossomed on his forehead under greying brown hair . 
 i did n't straighten up . 
 `` what 's this about your arm ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 he pointed to my sling . 
 `` well , what 's that then ? 
 it is n't business attire . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 he had a point . 
 i stuck my thumb into the saran wrap and tugged it off my shoulder . 
 the sling came loose . 
 my arm flopped to my side . 
 oh my god . 
 `` oh my god , '' henry said . 
 i looked away . 
 `` my doctor said it was just a sprain , '' i said . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` how does it feel ? '' 
 henry asked . 
 i tried moving my arm . 
 it did n't . 
 `` i -- i think i lost feeling in it , '' i said . 
 # teb financial had n't had a nurse since 2003 ; henry clocked me out to find a doctor . 
 if my arm exploded , it would n't explode on company property . 
 but by the time i rode the elevator down and entered the parking garage , my arm had improved . 
 it still looked monstrous , but the feeling had come back . 
 by the time i got in my car i could move it again . 
 and when i drove into the bright afternoon sunshine , it just looked bruised . 
 the saran wrap sling had probably cut off my circulation . 
 now , the wrist and arm hurt bad -- when i moved my wrist , it felt like nine different tendons were tearing -- but i could move it . 
 in fact , it looked a lot more like a simple sprain now . 
 i 'd banged up my ankle when i was a kid , and this wound looked comparable . 
 an injury like this needed frozen peas and advil . 
 not a doctor . 
 a normal person with normal thoughts would have gone home and watched daytime television . 
 my head was not filled with normal thoughts . 
 it was filled with starry skies , projected at strange angles . 
 i gunned my car , raced away from the teb building , navigated onto mavis road . 
 i turned on to the highway , heading west -- to toronto . 
 # the construction pit looked the same when i got there . 
 i did n't see any workers nearby , but the foot traffic on the side street had increased since yesterday . 
 a lot more men and women in frumpy business suits passed by with briefcases with gold locks and shined leather shoes . 
 losers ; i 'd changed out of my leather shoes when i swung by my apartment . 
 cars rolled by . 
 people came and people went . 
 no one stopped to notice me , a crazy man in runners with a bruised arm and an orange backpack . 
 the pit was as i 'd left it : no construction workers , no added supplies , no progress toward whatever was supposed to fill this hole . 
 the piles of pipes and the pools of water had n't changed . 
 the paper bag still sulked at the bottom , where greg had thrown it . 
 the only thing that looked different was the darkness : this morning , clouds had fanned across the city , bringing back a cold fall bite to the air . 
 the clouds made the shadows come out ; they made the darkness drift out of its corners and stretch out its long , thin fingers . 
 i unslung my backpack and laid it gently on the ground . 
 electronics thunked inside of it . 
 i eyed the paper bag at the bottom of the pit . 
 i pulled out my blue teb pen . 
 i flipped it around my hand a couple of times , testing the weight . 
 i tossed it in . 
 the thin plastic tumbled , incomparably small against the hugeness of the pit . 
 the pen dipped , pointed down ... i held my breath . 
 it hit the ground . 
 i did n't hear the impact . 
 no invisible floor . 
 fuck . 
 i jammed my hands into my pockets and let out a long , seething breath . 
 i looked up to see if anyone was staring . 
 when i looked back at the pit , the pen was still at the bottom . 
 it was so small i could hardly see it in the dirt and clay . 
 time for plan b. i unzipped the front pocket of my bag and pulled out my camcorder . 
 my phone had caught a starry sky at noon . 
 greg 's photo had found the same . 
 if some mysterious force fooled with recording equipment here , maybe that was my story . 
 even if the invisible floor was gone , even if physics was still depressing and boring and fucking conformist , a starry sky at noon was pretty cool . 
 stranger danger would be up to ten hits in no time . 
 i powered on the camera . 
 for a second , i was worried . 
 the video and photo from yesterday had weirded me out , but it was possible it would go the same way as the pen at the bottom of the pit . 
 the video could have come from the damaged phone , and the photo could have been my own imagination . 
 it could be that the strangeness was a one-time deal . 
 an adventure i 'd missed out on . 
 the muscles in my jaw twitched . 
 a cold , hard ball palpitated in my throat . 
 the camera hummed on . 
 i flipped out the recording screen . 
 the kodak logo blinked on . 
 leds fired up . 
 please please please let there be stars . 
 the screen flickered on . 
 it showed the street . 
 a normal street . 
 there was light . 
 there were people . 
 there were trees . 
 there was light on the ground and shining in the street signs . 
 but the sky was black and filled with stares . 
 `` thank you , god , '' i whispered . 
 i moved the camera around ; the image held . 
 despite what my eyes told me , the camera showed a starry sky . 
 i forced myself not to be surprised . 
 i was a journalist . 
 i needed to document the facts before i went into a joy fugue . 
 `` the time is twelve-thirty p.m. , '' i said into the camera mic . 
 `` and the date is march thirteenth . 
 my name is sam flautt , reporting for stranger danger . '' 
 i spun the camera around and the stars wheeled . 
 `` my location is bloor and ossington , where an unknown effect seems to be tampering with recording equipment , '' i said . 
 a teenage couple that should have been in school walked past me , staring . 
 `` the source of the effect remains unknown . '' 
 my guess was holograms now , or some kind of super-advanced digital media thing . 
 it tied together the people walking on thin air , their creepy disappearance , and the bugged-out footage . 
 i panned to the ground and gave a good long view of the regular landscape interposed with the strange darkness . 
 `` the interference does n't prevent light from appearing on the ground , '' i added . 
 `` just the sky . 
 this is not cgi , and i invite anyone with a camera to come down and try for themselves . '' 
 i might edit that bit out later . 
 i did n't want more people on my story just yet . 
 i headed down bloor with my camera tilted up . 
 it had to be just a local anomaly . 
 if every camera across the world , or even just the city , had gone haywire , someone would 've noticed by now . 
 if it was local , i had to find out how far this field spread . 
 after about five minutes of walking , the camera screen flashed white . 
 i froze . 
 the camera 's recording screen showed overcast clouds now . 
 i backed up two steps . 
 the screen flashed white again . 
 black sky now . 
 i looked around . 
 i stood at an intersection next to domino 's pizza . 
 a green park bench knelt against the domino 's and a beaten parking meter stood at the edge of the sidewalk . 
 the street across had a music store and a tree . 
 no sign of a top-secret holographic projector . 
 and yet ... i stepped forward . 
 flash . 
 grey , normal sky . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 i looked down . 
 a little girl with black pigtails and a pink dora jacket looked up at me . 
 she clutched her mom 's hand . 
 the mom pulled the girl behind her . 
 i tested out the change a few more times . 
 every time i took a step back , the clouds vanished and the sky turned black . 
 every time i stepped forward , the clouds reappeared , and the normal day reasserted itself on my camera . 
 the domino 's manager came out and shouted at me to go away . 
 i headed back to the construction pit . 
 nothing had changed , and when i pointed my camera up , the sky was still black . 
 i set off in a different direction from last time , once again holding the camera above my head . 
 i noticed something interesting as i walked : the stars in the camera were n't normal stars . 
 they ran in straight lines across the sky , like grid lines . 
 i was n't an expert , but i knew that the little dipper should 've been somewhere . 
 about five minutes from the construction pit , the sky flashed white in my camera . 
 the false night vanished and the clouds returned . 
 i returned to the pit again . 
 nothing had changed there , but i had a hunch . 
 once more , i walked in a different direction . 
 after six minutes , the sky flashed white , and turned normal . 
 my camera only showed a night sky about five minutes away from the construction pit . 
 the pit lay at the centre of the anomaly . 
 very interesting . 
 the ticker at the bottom of my camera screen said i had twenty-three minutes of battery life remaining . 
 i turned off the camera and headed back to the pit . 
 i popped out my sd card and pushed in a second one . 
 i wanted to upload the footage as fast as possible . 
 i returned again to the construction pit . 
 the clouds had deepened and the shadows inside the pit had sprawled even farther , swallowing the bottom . 
 i could barely see anything down there -- just the tops of pipes and rocks jutting out like trees emerging from a dark fog . 
 i pulled out my camera and laptop . 
 i set the camera carefully against the railing so that it faced the pit . 
 i sat cross-legged next to the camera with my back to the railing where i 'd nearly died yesterday . 
 i set my laptop down and booted it up . 
 my wind internet stick flashed red in the usb port . 
 i started typing notes into my computer . 
 note 1 : the anomaly affects digital cameras and camcorders . 
 should test with chemically developed film . 
 note 2 : the anomaly only affects digital equipment within a certain range of bloor and ossington . 
 leaving the area negates the anomaly . 
 note 3 : the `` stars '' that appear in tapes do not appear to be normal stars . 
 they look like grid lines , squares . 
 as i hit the enter key to write out note 4 , my camera beeped . 
 at the same time , my computer made a grinding , stuttering sound . 
 my laptop has a row of leds at the top of the keyboard . 
 as i watched , they winked off one by one . 
 the screen flashed , and went dark . 
 i played with the keys . 
 it did n't come back on . 
 cold air pricked the back of my neck . 
 the wind became a whisper . 
 i realized i was alone on the street . 
 knowing i should n't , i checked my watch . 
 blank screen . 
 what the hell was this ? 
 i stowed away my stuff and zipped up my bag . 
 i started to hear a sound -- a quiet , high whine , like a dog whistle . 
 the sound was so high i could hardly hear it . 
 it struck a frequency that made my head feel full and dizzy . 
 i held my hands to my head . 
 the sound faded and my vision blurred . 
 i leaned against the railing and shut my eyes . 
 my gut turned . 
 i was going to vomit . 
 i was going to vomit . 
 i did n't , but god it hurt . 
 after a few deep breaths , the sensation passed . 
 i felt my fingers shake without telling them to . 
 my knees trembled against the railing . 
 the queasiness came back , but i did n't pay attention to it . 
 slowly , i withdrew another pen from my pocket . 
 i grabbed the railing , leaned against it , and threw the pen inside the pit . 
 the pen dropped . 
 and stopped . 
 it sat floating on the air . 
 yes . 
 my stomach twisted , but whatever warning it had for me came too late . 
 i grabbed the railing with my good hand and hoisted myself up . 
 overhead , the sky darkened . 
 chapter three : level zero the railing felt cold and dusty on my palm . 
 i tightened my grip , and pulled myself up . 
 i did n't stop to look for witnesses . 
 i did n't wonder what the drivers on the street would think of me . 
 i did n't even worry the police would come and arrest me for general strangeness . 
 i just climbed . 
 i hugged my injured hand under my armpit and let my legs do the bulk of the climb . 
 i hooked my feet one at a time into the steel diamonds , pushed myself up , and slotted my free foot into the next diamond . 
 my good hand kept me stable . 
 i moved it up one diamond at a time -- quickly so i did n't lose balance . 
 the climb felt easy . 
 i 'm not an exercise junkie but stranger danger lent me some cursory athletics . 
 i also knew the proper technique . 
 i climbed fences in elementary school , and there were tricks : how to swing up and ease the impact on your feet , how to tense your legs at the right angle to propel you upward . 
 my pen still hung in the air where i 'd thrown it . 
 it lay horizontal , just a few feet out from the edge of the pit . 
 the drop loomed beneath it , but the pen did n't give in to gravity . 
 i watched it , willing it to stay . 
 if the strangeness vanished , if the pen disappeared like those two men , that was fine . 
 just take me with you first . 
 just please let me come along . 
 i still could n't believe it was real . 
 my camera and laptop lay bundled and tucked into the railing below me . 
 the equipment was useless without batteries , and if they got stolen i did n't care . 
 all that mattered now was the pen , floating in the air . 
 i reached the top of the railing . 
 i gripped the top rung and looked below me . 
 the street was suddenly empty . 
 a fat man in a suit was talking on a cell on the other side of the street . 
 the distance and elevation made him look small , like a windup toy . 
 funny how a little perspective changed things . 
 i brought my foot up and the railing rubbed dust against my jeans . 
 down the street , i heard the pock-pock-pock of a crosswalk , the murmur and babble of footsteps , the quiet sounds of quiet lives . 
 i reached the top of the railing and balanced both feet on the edge . 
 i pulled myself to the railing hard to keep from slipping . 
 my armpit squashed my injured hand . 
 my hand was frigid on my chest . 
 below , my pen floated in darkness . 
 flecks of dust sketched out the invisible barrier like dirt on glass . 
 i breathed . 
 my heart beat a drumroll in my throat . 
 goosebumps scrunched my skin . 
 i swallowed . 
 and jumped . 
 only as i pushed off , only as i felt my stomach lurch and the wind roar in my ears , only as i felt my momentum turn irreversibly away from the railing and from safety , did i wonder if i 'd done something stupid . 
 time slowed down . 
 i felt the fall in slow detail . 
 the feeling of the railing vanishing from my feet as i jumped above it , the feeling of gravity wrapping around my navel , the feeling of wind , building building building . 
 i did n't know anything about how the floor worked . 
 my velocity could cancel out whatever sci-fi mechanism held up my pen . 
 i could fall right through the barrier , smashing my knees to pulp , twisting my pelvis and snapping my rips like twigs . 
 death would occur . 
 and if the barrier held , i just jumped from four metres . 
 if the barrier held , i 'd still break everything below my waist . 
 the pit hung like a dream below me , a dream becoming real . 
 the pen did n't move below me . 
 i was hurtling to it . 
 the darkness of the pit expanded . 
 it bubbled up like dark water on cracked ice . 
 and just like cracking ice , the darkness gave a brief but true glance of an unknowable , unforgiving depth . 
 i was probably going to die . 
 fucking finally . 
 faster now . 
 i abandoned myself to the momentum . 
 faster to the dark . 
 wind streamed past my face . 
 the world blurred . 
 i closed my tearing eyes . 
 i stopped . 
 i did n't feel impact . 
 i did n't feel anything . 
 speed cancelled out . 
 force cancelled out . 
 physics turned my brain accepted it . 
 i did n't even feel dizzy . 
 i expected a crack , s crunch of splintering bones , or of rupturing blood vessels . 
 instead there was silence , and it was total . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 a pen floated in the air , right next to my feet . 
 darkness , forgotten pvc pipe , and a long way down lay below me . 
 proving that i have no survival instincts , i pushed my weight down hard onto the suddenly solid air . 
 my feet did n't budge . 
 i kneeled and pressed my hand down . 
 my hand did n't budge . 
 i did n't feel resistance . 
 i just did n't feel anything . 
 physics just did n't extend below my feet . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 i said . 
 this was like the glass floor at the cn tower -- except it was n't . 
 i jumped up and down and every time i came down my acceleration just stopped . 
 amazing . 
 i looked up . 
 the sky was full of stars . 
 # `` oh my goodness . '' 
 my breath billowed in white clouds , and i noticed it was cold -- like a winter night . 
 the old sky was gone . 
 instead of clouds i saw an inky void , chequered with small , blinking stars . 
 the stars shone in neat lines , like god strung them there . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 i said again . 
 i was laughing . 
 i whooped . 
 my voice echoed in the pit . 
 i had to call greg . 
 the sidewalk rose to the height of my shoulder ; the fence rose a million miles above it . 
 i ran over to it . 
 the streets had turned dark , and empty . 
 my stuff was gone . 
 i looked down . 
 it had gotten dark ; i could n't see anything below me . 
 i stood above a black hole . 
 it had gotten very quiet . 
 maybe this was n't a good idea . 
 i took a long look at the fence . 
 i gingerly reached up -- -- and whipped my hand back . 
 it was cold , like ice . 
 i took a long look up the railing -- black diamonds drawn on a dark sky . 
 impossibly high and impossibly cold . 
 i would n't be able to climb back up . 
 i looked around . 
 sheer clay walls rose around me . 
 opposite the railing rose a brick wall . 
 no way could i climb it with my hand . 
 i had a bad feeling about this . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid . '' 
 the low , calm voice came from all around me . 
 it resonated from the brushed steel railings , the popcorn-textured clay , the empty sky . 
 i breathed in sharply . 
 the cold air felt thick in my lungs . 
 i coughed it out and thick , noxious clouds drifted around my head like cigarette smoke . 
 that was jonathan 's voice . 
 it was colder now . 
 kkkkch . 
 a sound like breaking rocks rumbled in the darkness beneath me . 
 i had a sudden , crazy memory of the garbage masher scene from star wars . 
 i instinctively checked the walls . 
 they were n't moving . 
 kkkkch . 
 my feet tensed , ready to run , but nothing happened . 
 i smeared my palms on my pants and they still came up clammy . 
 pins and needles prickled the back of my throat . 
 the sound of breaking rocks continued . 
 kkkkch . 
 maybe not rocks breaking , maybe bones crunching . 
 maybe a giant grinding his teeth . 
 `` it 'll be okay . '' 
 jonathan 's voice again . 
 jonathan died seven years ago . 
 i breathed out . 
 fuck . 
 fuck . 
 i waited in the darkness . 
 the sound kept coming up from the depths below . 
 my breath billowed around me in a smoky halo . 
 sweat cooled off my neck and back . 
 the cold had hardened . 
 it bit my fingers and drew them into fists . 
 my cheeks stung . 
 i blinked . 
 the fabric of my jeans stiffened in the cold . 
 `` it 'll be okay . '' 
 jon 's voice said again . 
 except the voice came from beneath me . 
 it sounded deeper than before , with reverb like a twanging string . 
 except that was n't jon 's voice . 
 human voices did n't echo have that harsh , static buzz . 
 there was a blue line on the wall . 
 i did n't notice it before . 
 but it looked as if it had always been there . 
 it hung on the clay wall , a neon blue strip running from where the barrier began , up to about my height . 
 it made no sound , it made no change . 
 it had just appeared . 
 the crunching noise crackled below . 
 it sounded louder . 
 closer . 
 my legs shook . 
 i breathed in cold air and shivered . 
 the line glowed bright . 
 so bright i wondered if one of those strange , geometrically-arranged stars had fallen into this pit . 
 the light blazed through me , eclipsing the stars . 
 it cast the world in an electric , alien blue . 
 `` it 'll be okay . '' 
 jon 's voice said , just like he said before everything went wrong . 
 the temperature dropped . 
 i felt the cold curl around my body and squeeze inward , driving the heat from me . 
 i could n't see anymore . 
 and the blue line glowed brighter . 
 brighter ... # it was dark . 
 and quiet . 
 this was not the pit at ossington . 
 this was someplace new . 
 i could n't hear my breathing , just ringing in my ears . 
 i could n't see anything but a rioting afterimage of the light -- crazy colours looping across my eyes , morphing into half-shapes , sizzling and panning out in a wonky kaleidoscope . 
 the air tasted warm and fried , like it came from a radiator . 
 my muscles twitched and i realized i was cold . 
 i breathed and the heat filled me . 
 delicious heat . 
 i 'd never leave you again . 
 i did n't know where i was , but i felt safer here . 
 silence was better than noise . 
 and warmth was better than cold . 
 i refused to think about jonathan . 
 i stood for a long time waiting for the afterimages to clear . 
 after a while , i could see a shining blue line . 
 i 'd begun to secretly hope this would all turn out to be a dream sequence . 
 no such luck . 
 i bent down to feel the floor . 
 it felt like plastic . 
 it felt warm . 
 behind me the line of blue light glowed just enough for me to see it . 
 on my hands and knees , i crawled towards the line . 
 i reached out and felt a wall . 
 the wall felt the same as the floor . 
 same material , same temperature . 
 i crawled along the wall , trailing my hands on the floor . 
 at a few metres , i felt a corner . 
 i crawled around some more , and felt an opening into somewhere else . 
 i circled the room for another minute . 
 i scanned as much as the meagre light allowed , and passed my hands everywhere for any sign of where i was . 
 the room was about ten metres across -- the size of my kitchen , and enough to do a cartwheel in . 
 the afterimage cleared from my eyes . 
 my eyes adjusted to the darkness , and i could see the outlines of the room sketched by the blue light . 
 the room had four walls . 
 one of the walls -- the one behind me -- housed the blue line . 
 the other three had doorways out . 
 i felt around the doorways . 
 they were made of the same smooth , warm material as everything else , and they fused perfectly with the floor . 
 starting on the wall with the blue line , i hugged the wall , afraid of everything , and gently entered the doorway on the right . 
 the light from the first room filtered in , but only barely . 
 the rest was darkness . 
 this room was made of the same material and same dimensions as the first one . 
 it had an exit on every wall , leading into pitch blackness . 
 i edged ahead . 
 the dark fell around me . 
 i held out my hands and felt myself pass across another doorway . 
 for a long time , i clutched the doorway 's arch . 
 my knees shook . 
 my breath came quick and shallow . 
 i did n't want to go back . 
 i did n't want to go forward . 
 i wanted someone to lift me by helicopter and take me home . 
 i loosed my grip , and ventured into the new , dark room . 
 i felt around tentatively . 
 this room was the same dimensions as the others . 
 it also had four doorways in each of its walls . 
 how many identical rooms were down here ? 
 i backtracked to the blue line , stumbling in the dark . 
 when i found the original room , i bent down , and sat cross-legged on the ground for a bit . 
 i calmed my breathing , and wondered what to do . 
 i wanted to believe this was a nightmare , but with my luck it probably was n't . 
 `` stupid . '' 
 i put my face in my hands . 
 `` stupid stupid . '' 
 i 'd jumped into an open pit . 
 i did n't tell anyone where i was going . 
 and now i sat trapped in some sort of weird dungeon thing . 
 except this dungeon-thing did n't feel dangerous . 
 it felt more like a supply cabinet , or maybe a furnace room . 
 it felt somehow useful . 
 i did n't understand it , but i did n't understand furnace rooms either . 
 the pit had n't felt useful . 
 the pit just felt scary . 
 i shivered as i breathed out the last scraps of cold , absorbing the warm , toasted air . 
 i got up . 
 my shoes squeaked on the strange , alien floor . 
 the blue line behind me did n't react to my rising . 
 i leaned towards it , and it did n't react to that . 
 i reached to touch it , but i left my fingertips hovering just a foot away ; i was trying to psyche it out . 
 panic had rattled my reasoning skills , but i reached a conclusion about the line , and this dungeon . 
 the blue line had appeared in the pit , then i appeared here . 
 yesterday the line had also appeared , when those two guys vanished . 
 presumably , the two guys had wound up here . 
 they did n't seem afraid at the time , so this place was probably harmless . 
 if i wandered around enough , i might find those guys . 
 i might find another blue line . 
 maybe blue lines marked the entrances and exits to this place . 
 if i wandered around enough , i might find a way out . 
 then i could go to my bed and freak out . 
 yes , freaking out sounded like a very good idea . 
 i swallowed . 
 i really did n't want to return to the pit , where jon 's voice spoke with dark , static edges . 
 so i turned away from the light of the blue line and rested my head against the smooth , warm wall . 
 i closed my eyes and started really thinking . 
 each room seemed to lead into another , identical room . 
 if that was true , they 'd look like a grid . 
 i pressed the image of a grid into my head . 
 if i wanted to find an exit , i 'd have to explore as much as possible . 
 to explore as much as possible , i 'd make rings around this room -- the one with the line -- as a starting point , and as the central axis of the rings i made . 
 i 'd complete larger and larger concentric rings around the blue-line until i found something . 
 the blue line would keep me anchored , and if i got confused i 'd just have to find it again by counting the number of rings i 'd made . 
 to my rattled logic , this idea beat einstein . 
 i started from the room to the right of the blue line . 
 inside that room , i used the dimmed light to find the left doorway . 
 i entered that new room , felt around again , and once again found a doorway on the left . 
 i went through it . 
 i moved slowly . 
 i did n't know if anything lived here . 
 if something did , i did n't want to meet it . 
 i made careful steps through the dark . 
 i counted every doorway knowing that if i lost my bearings i 'd drown in a sea of identical rooms . 
 sometimes , i stopped to pass my hands over the walls . 
 i tried to feel for any changes in the rooms . 
 they never grew larger , and they always housed four doorways cut in the exact middle of the wall . 
 i kept on counting , and i kept on moving . 
 i did n't move blind : the blue line glowed bright when the only alternative was darkness . 
 if i was in a room with doorways that aligned with the blue line 's light , i could see it , even thirty rooms down . 
 the blue line was my new sun -- rising and falling as i orbited it . 
 as i passed carefully through the darkness , i practised my counting . 
 i counted the number of rings i travelled . 
 i counted each room i crossed . 
 when the counting got boring , i worked out a calculation for how many rooms i crossed as i wound every ring around the blue line . 
 then i dug out my calculus and figured out my time and rate of progress . 
 i counted a lot of numbers . 
 and every time i passed the centre line of a ring , i saw the blue light glimmering down the endless halls . 
 i went from room 110 to 111 to 112 . 
 i traversed room 130 , 140 , and 150 , travelling along my orbit , the blue light always punctuating the long stretch of darkness every time i passed it . 
 after an eternity of marching , i reached room 210 . 
 room 210 was like every other room , differentiated only by the room that came after it : room 211 was the centre-line of ring eleven . 
 i entered room 211 , and looked to my left , expecting to see the blue light glimmering down the hall . 
 instead , there was nothing . 
 the blue light was gone . 
 # maybe i 'd counted wrong . 
 but i had n't counted wrong . 
 panic bubbling up , i turned around . 
 i had to backtrack . 
 maybe i 'd missed something . 
 i ran into a wall . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 i clutched my forehead . 
 it stung . 
 i stumbled back . 
 the floor turned beneath me . 
 my mental compass spun left-right-up-down in what now was total darkness . 
 no sun , not even that brief blue mote of light . 
 i stretched out and probed for the wall . 
 i misjudged the distance , and stumbled on my knees , reaching blind until i found it -- the wall , safe and secure and unmoving . 
 i drew myself into the wall , breathing hard . 
 my ass wedged into the corner . 
 i swung my head , as if trying to shake the darkness off . 
 but the darkness stayed . 
 i clung to the wall , not knowing where i was . 
 i forgot the door i 'd come from . 
 i forgot the door i 'd planned to enter . 
 i forgot my plan . 
 the darkness unmoored me . 
 in my head the neat grids and numbers i 'd devised to help me turned grey and brittle and fell apart , sinking into that endless dark . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i opened them . 
 it made no difference . 
 close . 
 ... open . 
 close . 
 ... open . 
 blue light . 
 close . 
 open . 
 blue light again . 
 what the hell ? 
 my hands patted for the wall behind me . 
 i got a grip , and slowly pushed myself up . 
 the blue light flickered down the row of rooms in front of me . 
 i leaned in against the doorway and watched it . 
 it looked like a blue star from here . 
 it looked beautiful . 
 then the light flickered . 
 it sputtered , almost like candle flame . 
 the blue line had n't flickered when i 'd been there . 
 was it -- powering down or something ? 
 no , that did n't sound right . 
 when i 'd seen it , that light looked like it could glow forever . 
 unless something was blocking the light . 
 unless someone was standing in front of it . 
 i froze . 
 the light in the distance flickered a final time , and finally glowed normally . 
 if something was there , it had moved to the next room . 
 i spun away from the light . 
 an infinity of dark rooms stretched ahead of me . 
 the reappearance of the light had re-established my compass . 
 the light was south . 
 i went towards my imaginary north . 
 when i went to the next room i veered right on an imaginary west . 
 i cut a zigzag through the maze of rooms . 
 i counted every iteration of north and west . 
 i was n't going to get lost again . 
 my head did n't know why i ran . 
 if something or someone was back there , he or she or it might be able to help me out . 
 maybe those two guys had discovered me . 
 maybe whoever was in charge here had discovered me . 
 maybe they just wanted to help . 
 but to my gut , that sounded too good . 
 something had followed me down here , the thing from the construction pit . 
 the thing that stole jonathan 's voice . 
 i had n't heard jon 's voice in years . 
 i did n't even look at the family videos anymore for fear of seeing him . 
 after ten north-west zig-zags i broke into a trot . 
 i could n't hear anything , but despite the movement , i began to feel cold . 
 at fifteen zig-zags my stride lengthened to jog . 
 at seventeen i was sprinting , and if i could see i 'd swear my breath was fogging . 
 i hit my shoulder on the edge of a doorway . 
 i winced , swore , and hissed the pain out . 
 on reflex , i looked back for the room with the blue light . 
 but i 'd lost it about fifty zig-zags ago . 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 a bead of sweat dripped off my nose and cooled . 
 why was it so cold now ? 
 `` it felt cold . '' 
 i heard a muffled voice say . 
 `` we 'll call them off , '' said another . 
 my breath caught . 
 the pounding in my ears had distorted the voices , but i recognized them anyway . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 `` this is wrong man . 
 we obviously miscalculated . 
 let 's call it off before we lose someone . '' 
 i knew those voices . 
 they belonged to satchel bag and tape measure guy . 
 in the room ahead of me , a beam of light wavered on the ground . 
 after so long in the dark it burned my eyes . 
 it was a flashlight . 
 i bolted to it . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 my voice echoed around me . 
 the flashlight stammered back and forth . 
 `` hear that ? '' 
 `` shit ! '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 i yelled again . 
 `` holy shit what is that !? '' 
 i chased the flashlight beam . 
 it led me to two silhouettes . 
 i threw my arms up . 
 one of them screamed , and slapped me across the face . 
 i hardly felt it -- adrenaline burned out the pain . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 the screamer shouted . 
 `` get me out of here ! '' 
 i screamed back . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 the guy with the flashlight -- i think he was tape measure , even though the two men now lacked their defining tools -- brought the light up to my face . 
 my eyes burned with the sweet , holy , manmade light . 
 `` who is this guy ? '' 
 the screamer shouted . 
 i think he was satchel bag . 
 `` get me out of here . '' 
 i said . 
 `` please please please . 
 i wo n't tell anyone about your hologram or whatever . '' 
 `` shit . 
 how 'd he get down here ? '' 
 tape measure asked satchel bag . 
 satchel bag did n't answer . 
 `` look over there . '' 
 satchel bag 's shadowed hands rose . 
 a finger pointed behind me . 
 i turned around . 
 there was something about ten rooms down . 
 two tiny lights , the same colour as the blue line , almost like eyes . 
 the lights blinked . 
 `` crap . '' 
 tape measure whispered . 
 the two guys bolted . 
 i ran after them . 
 someone screamed and it might have been any one of us . 
 i did n't get it . 
 maybe the relief of finding people in the lightless dungeon had confused my emotions . 
 i did n't understand why the lights scared them , or why they ran down the doors that they did . 
 if there was an order to the rooms they chose to go down , i did n't see it . 
 the two guys ran fast . 
 they did n't tire and they screamed a lot . 
 it was even colder now . 
 the fringe of my hair crinkled with frozen sweat . 
 it hurt to breath . 
 my feet dragged on the ground . 
 i forced them to move . 
 i forced my arms to swing and my body to keep close to these two guys . 
 but i began to fall behind . 
 after a while , i looked over my shoulder . 
 the twin dots were n't there . 
 i stopped . 
 `` come on retard ! '' 
 tape measure shouted . 
 we ended up in another room with a blue line . 
 tape measure 's flashlight bobbed , wavered , and vanished . 
 the blue line grew brighter . 
 it cut across my vision and turned everything to blue , then to white . 
 `` it 'll be okay . '' 
 jon 's voice said behind me . 
 i felt warmth . 
 carpet underneath my palms . 
 blurry light . 
 `` what the -- '' a female voice said . 
 `` who 's this guy ? 
 hey , why 're you crying ? '' 
 chapter four : blue light so much light after so much dark . 
 so much noise after so much silence . 
 so many people after so long alone . 
 and jon . 
 oh god , jon . 
 i was in a basement . 
 it was a nice basement though : the kind of smoky , dusty , comfortable place where families put old furniture before renting a u-haul for the final dump , the kind of place you could spill a beer and not have to mop it up , where teenagers could have sex on the sofas and not worry about getting caught . 
 the walls here were wood-panelled . 
 the ceiling was done in papery tiles with flower patterning . 
 some of the tiles were missing . 
 the gaps revealed pink fibreglass stuffing and rusty iron pipes . 
 the tv was on ; a wii hummed in front of it , next to an inactive xbox 360 and a pile of fluorescent green game boxes . 
 it was disorienting . 
 my memory of the long dark , of the dungeon beneath the pit , of blue lights in endless rooms , crawled in the back of my head now , infecting my sight . 
 the memory cast a shadow on my perceptions . 
 it gave an unreal tinge to the room , and its occupants . 
 i did n't know if i should be scared . 
 there were two sofas -- smelling slightly of cat piss -- next to a coffee-table with one leg superglued on at a wrong angle . 
 tape measure and satchel bag sat me in one of the sofas . 
 they sat on the other . 
 without their implements tape measure became laurent and satchel bag became josh . 
 it was definitely them : the men from the pit . 
 and they looked just like i remembered . 
 laurent was still a hipster in plaid , tight pants , and generic smugness . 
 and i think josh was wearing the very same stormy grey hoodie i saw him in yesterday . 
 there were two others here -- a sikh guy with a patchy beard named amrith , and a girl named lena . 
 lena had gone upstairs two minutes ago , and still was n't back . 
 laurent and josh kept quiet . 
 they may have been trying to scare me , but that was hard with amrith playing mario galaxy 2 on the wii . 
 josh broke the silence first . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` who are -- '' `` how 'd you get here ? '' 
 laurent cut in . 
 `` jesus guys , '' amrith sighed . 
 he lazily swung the wiimote up , causing mario to pound a koopa troopa . 
 he looked over at me . 
 `` hey , are you any good at mario kart ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` got them ! '' 
 the girl named lena came back down the stairs , cradling five misty bottles of mountain dew red . 
 she sidestepped the sofas and laid the mountain dew down on the coffee table . 
 lena had four gold earrings on her right ear -- the only remarkable feature on her otherwise plain face . 
 the earrings were all identical : solid , golden rings . 
 for no reason , they reminded me of the rings i 'd seen punched in the back of an old chinese sword at the royal ontario museum . 
 the rings on that sword were iron , but they had the same thickness , the same utilitarian plainness . 
 lena got up and grabbed a wiimote from the fireplace mantle . 
 `` did you find the star ? '' 
 she asked . 
 amrith clucked and shook his head . 
 `` oh you suck . '' 
 `` love you too . '' 
 amrith replied , flicking the wiimote . 
 `` let me , i know where it is . '' 
 lena said . 
 she started to say something to me , but stopped . 
 for a second , her eyes flickered like she was scared of something . 
 but the look vanished , and was replaced by bland disinterest . 
 `` there 's enough dew for everyone . '' 
 she said . 
 `` you take over , '' amrith said to lena . 
 he unstrapped his wiimote and laid it on top of the tv . 
 lena took control of the plumber onscreen . 
 `` we should pretend we 're gon na kill him or something . '' 
 lena suggested as she navigated mario through a new level . 
 amrith picked two mountain dews from the coffee table . 
 he passed one to me . 
 i took the bottle and cleared my throat . 
 `` i -- '' amrith sat next to me . 
 as he did , he caught my eye and something on his face shifted from polite curiosity to hard fear . 
 but , like lena , this expression faded . 
 `` do you know what level zero is ? '' 
 amrith asked softly . 
 josh and laurent stared . 
 lena turned to stare . 
 the volume of the room dropped . 
 `` do you know what that was back there ? '' 
 laurent said , even quieter . 
 he sat up and leaned forward with his elbows on his knees . 
 `` have you ever been there before ? '' 
 `` the dungeon ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , how 'd you get down there ? '' 
 amrith asked . 
 i told them about the invisible floor on bloor and ossington , the sky full of stars , and my jump into oblivion . 
 i told them about the dungeon , the blue line , and how i 'd lost it . 
 i did n't tell them about jonathan 's voice . 
 they did n't need to know that . 
 `` you jumped into the pit ? '' 
 laurent asked me when i finished . 
 `` that 's sort of ... crazy . '' 
 amrith added . 
 i did not refute this claim . 
 no more questions came . 
 lena kept playing mario . 
 the others sat back . 
 i sipped the mountain dew . 
 it tasted like cherries , having freaky sex on my tongue . 
 josh clapped his hands together . 
 `` so we gon na blank him now or what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` look at his eyes . '' 
 lena said to the tv . 
 she paused the game , unstrapped the wiimote , and placed it next to amrith 's on top of the tv . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 lena turned off the wii with her big toe . 
 she trotted past us and vanished up the stairs leading out the basement . 
 `` we ca n't blank him , '' amrith agreed . 
 laurent pushed himself up from the sofa , planted a hand on the coffee table between us and bent forward like a man inspecting a dead animal . 
 he frowned . 
 deep cut wrinkles spread on his forehead , tickling the tops of his thick , black glasses `` ah crap . '' 
 he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 josh got up too , he stepped on top of the table and came down with one foot still on it . 
 he leaned in close . 
 he smelled like unwashed hair . 
 `` what colour are your eyes ? '' 
 amrith asked . 
 a clomp-clomp-clomp came down the stairs . 
 lena emerged with a green hand-mirror . 
 `` my eyes are brown . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 amrith said . 
 `` i bet . '' 
 lena shouldered past amrith and laurent . 
 she handed me the mirror . 
 i took it . 
 my eyes in the mirror were a bright , electric blue . 
 `` you 've been marked fucko , '' josh said . 
 # it was dark outside , and cold . 
 but it was normal dark and normal cold , the kind i could deal with . 
 luckily , the sky was black with clouds . 
 i did n't want to see stars for a while . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 amrith gently pushed me forward . 
 they had taken me outside the house , into the driveway . 
 funny . 
 i 'd started at bloor and ossington , but i 'd come out in a tiny suburb . 
 it was quiet out here , not like my apartment in etobicoke , or downtown : just chirping crickets , buzzing lights , and the sound of kids playing basketball a few houses down . 
 the driveway held a white pontiac and a bright blue yaris . 
 flower beds lined both sides of the driveway ; the soil looked neatly tilled for spring . 
 lena opened the door to the pontiac 's shotgun sear . 
 i got in . 
 she shut the door behind me . 
 in the rearview mirror , my eyes shone bright blue . 
 bright cyan leds plugged into a confused , frightened face . 
 they were glowing now . 
 i looked away . 
 where was the hospital ceiling ? 
 where was the wake-up call ? 
 this had to be a bad dream , or a coma from when i jumped into the pit . 
 so where was the crappy `` it was all a dream '' ending ? 
 where was my family , waiting by my bedside ? 
 amrith took the wheel and lena took the seat behind him . 
 laurent and josh got into the yaris . 
 i leaned my head on the window . 
 the glass felt cold on my forehead . 
 too real for a dream . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` to ossington , '' amrith said . '' 
 you found something dangerous , and we have to take care of it . '' 
 amrith pulled a set of keys from his pocket . 
 his keychain was the companion cube from portal . '' 
 seat belts . '' 
 he said . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i did n't wake up . 
 there was just an onslaught of clear and healthy sensory perception . 
 the way the heating blew lukewarm air in my face , the way amrith 's keys jingled against the companion cube , the feel of the car seat on my ass . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 still here . 
 `` we also want to look at your camera , '' lena added . 
 `` your footage could help us understand a lot more about level zero -- what you called the dungeon . '' 
 i took a shaky breath , and swallowed . 
 `` i understand , i guess . '' 
 i said . '' 
 but why ` d you handcuff me ? '' 
 lena and amrith both shrugged . 
 i tried for the third time to pull the handcuffs apart and release my hands from my back . 
 the bindings held . 
 amrith and lena did n't try to stop me from struggling . 
 lena scooched behind me and pulled my seatbelt on . 
 it clicked into place , and she went back behind amrith . 
 beside us , the yaris started up . 
 laurent and josh pulled out of the driveway and headed down the street . 
 amrith started the car . 
 lena pulled on her own seatbelt . 
 i gave up trying to break free . 
 `` where do you even get handcuffs ? '' 
 i panted . 
 `` sex shops , '' lena said . 
 `` they 're surprisingly strong . '' 
 i pulled at the cuffs again . 
 the metal dug into my wrists . 
 the chain links creaked , but did n't give . 
 `` do n't worry , '' amrith said . 
 he checked his blind spot and backed us out of the driveway . 
 `` we 'll let you go as soon as we take a look at your camera . 
 then you 'll never have to see us again . '' 
 lena pursed her lips at amrith . 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 there was another conversation there , one i was n't getting . 
 amrith took us down the street . 
 the headlights passed over the dark streets . 
 it was garbage day tomorrow -- raccoon-proof garbage cans , bundled eco-waste , and one sofa lined the driveways . 
 `` what happened to my eyes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 no answer . 
 the car rolled forward . 
 far ahead , i saw a copse of shadows crouched like a wild dog ready to leap . 
 as we got closer , it turned out to be a bush . 
 lena took out a blackberry , one of the new ones with a touch screen . 
 she slid behind me again and held it out in front of my eyes . 
 `` here , '' she said . 
 `` imagine the world is like this mario game here . '' 
 two points of blue light glowed in the blackberry screen . 
 a scream caught in my throat when i realized the lights were from me . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with my eyes ? '' 
 i asked louder than i wanted . 
 i pulled at the handcuffs again . 
 they held . 
 i pulled harder . 
 `` oh for god 's sake . '' 
 lena reached into her pocket and withdrew a pewter key with a pink plastic heart at the end . 
 `` i 'll take the cuffs off . 
 we did n't mean anything by it -- we just have n't used them in a while . '' 
 `` i chased a half-naked santa yesterday but there is something wrong with you guys ! '' 
 `` i get that you 're scared now sam , '' amrith said calmly . 
 `` but believe it or not so are we . 
 you nearly died . 
 and if you did , it would 've been our fault . '' 
 `` and now you 're in danger , '' lena added . 
 she reached behind me and i felt her hands probe for the handcuffs . 
 she found the keyhole , slid in the key , and twisted . 
 the cuffs popped off my wrists . 
 `` so , for the next little while , please just hear us out . 
 then you can decide what to do . 
 we wo n't bother you , and you wo n't bother us . '' 
 amrith said . 
 it sounded like a plan . 
 and since amrith had sped up to sixty , it would n't be safe to karate chop his throat and steal the car . 
 `` what 's wrong with my -- '' i began . 
 `` you 've been marked by a stalker man . '' 
 lena said . 
 she took away the handcuffs and slid them both onto her right hand . 
 they clicked smartly over her wrist . 
 `` they 're like -- ghosts . 
 they live in level zero . '' 
 `` on ends of cycles , usually the stalker men are quiet , and level zero becomes this blank place . '' 
 amrith said . 
 he turned into a new street . 
 `` but tonight it looked like one was still running around . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i did not understand any of that . 
 `` so what 's level zero ? '' 
 lena brought up her blackberry again . 
 `` imagine , '' she said repeated , `` that the world works like mario . '' 
 she pressed clicked on a mushroom-shaped app . 
 the mario bros theme song exploded out the speakers ; the title screen for the arcade version of super mario sprang up on the blackberry . 
 lena held the blackberry out to me so i could watch her play . 
 she cleared the first level in thirty seconds . 
 i wanted to scream but i kept my mouth shut . 
 `` level zero is like , junk data . '' 
 she said , over the mario song . 
 she entered the second level , the one that goes underground . 
 she sent her mario forward , and then jumped into a black space . 
 for a second , i thought she 'd just jumped into a game over , but as the screen moved forward i saw a sliver of green ; there was a platform there , hidden just at the edge of the screen . 
 i 'd played a lot of mario but never noticed that platform before . 
 `` here , you ever see this glitch ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 lena continued on the hidden platform . 
 on screen , mario started vibrating up and down . 
 a green pipe appeared , and lena walked into it . 
 the screen went black . 
 the music cut . 
 `` this is a hidden level . '' 
 lena said . 
 `` the designers never programmed it in here -- it 's just a bunch of random data and programs that somehow formed a world . '' 
 the screen flashed back to colour . 
 lena 's mario stood in an overworld . 
 the colour was off -- mixed purples and pinks overlaid on the usual colour-scheme . 
 and for some reason the fish enemies were flying through the air . 
 the music was back , but it sounded deeper , and slightly off-key . 
 i did n't like it . 
 `` cool huh ? '' 
 lena sent mario forward , jumping over the flying fish monsters . 
 the music bugged me but its atonality did n't register on lena 's face . 
 `` later on you see princess peach just floating in the air . 
 it 's creepy . 
 cracked.com said it was one of the creepiest video game glitches ever . '' 
 `` anyway , '' amrith cut in . 
 `` level zero is like this hidden level we think . '' 
 lena turned off her blackberry and tucked it into her jeans . 
 `` the stalker men live inside level zero . 
 we think they 're junk data too -- '' `` junk data ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we think the world is like a computer program . '' 
 lena said . 
 amrith grunted . 
 `` josh and laurent and me think the world is a lot like a computer program . '' 
 lena said . 
 amrith nodded . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i felt unmoored again -- like a man who looks up to the stars and finds they 've all changed . 
 no more little dipper , no more orion -- just grid lines across a camera feed . 
 somehow i was mario now . 
 amrith turned onto a bigger road . 
 streetlamps flew by the dark windows . 
 flecks of rain dotted the windows . 
 `` turn the heat up , '' lena murmured . 
 amrith swung a few dials on the dashboard . 
 `` we can explain more when we get to ossington . '' 
 amrith said to me . 
 he looked like he wanted to pat my shoulder , but thought better of it . 
 `` when i first saw level zero , i nearly crapped myself . '' 
 amrith said . 
 `` got it . '' 
 i put my head between my knees . 
 warm air spilled on the back of my neck . 
 i swallowed . 
 my stomach felt sick . 
 the car shuddered , and my head bounced lightly against the glove compartment . 
 these people . 
 these disorienting people . 
 they 'd called that dungeon thing level zero . 
 they 'd casually wrecked conventional reality using super mario . 
 the car rumbled ahead . 
 streetlights drifted by , pouring strips of light across my feet . 
 the rain picked up . 
 i heard it patter on the glass like gravel shifting . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i had to be dreaming . 
 but , a voice in my head said , crystal clear , you 're not . 
 if amrith and lena were right , i 'd discovered a glitch in the universe . 
 this was the discovery of the millennium . 
 a breakthrough in how we understood everything . 
 and the only people who knew about it were a bunch of nerds . 
 # by the time we entered downtown , the last bands of orange twilight had sunk with the sun under lake ontario . 
 cars crammed the streets and headlights shone through rainy darkness . 
 the clouds hung low , and the skyscrapers we passed to get to ossington rose into a fog . 
 i still had n't woken up . 
 amrith and lena kept talking about level zero . 
 it was ridiculous . 
 suspecting it was true made me want to throw up . 
 `` we think level zero works like a computer program because of laurent and josh . 
 they 're both physics masters . '' 
 lena said . 
 `` you know quantum mechanics ? 
 how that cat is alive and dead inside a box ? 
 that trippy shit ? '' 
 i had never heard of schroedinger 's cat referred to as `` trippy shit '' before , but i nodded . 
 my stomach shifted , squeezed and swallowed . 
 i had n't eaten since breakfast . 
 terror had kicked back the grand , heaving hunger that would have made me miserable , but that hunger had been replaced with a cold , draining sense of emptiness . 
 `` well they say that level zero is like , an inevitability of that stuff . '' 
 lena `` there 's this -- '' lena kept talking . 
 i leaned my head against the window . 
 my breath brushed fog against the cold glass . 
 one of my eyes reflected bright blue in the fog . 
 i closed my eyes and warm tears welled behind my eyes . 
 i pushed them back . 
 i did n't have to believe this . 
 `` and then there 's the stalker men . '' 
 lena said quietly . 
 amrith looked over at me . 
 at my glowing eyes . 
 he blinked and turned away . 
 `` uh , the stalker men are also like junk data . '' 
 lena murmured to her lap . 
 `` i wanted to call them grudgers '' amrith said . 
 `` you know , like those monsters from the grudge ? '' 
 `` love that movie . '' 
 i said absently . 
 fog danced to my words on the glass . 
 `` original japanese right ? '' 
 amrith asked . 
 `` american remake sucked so bad . '' 
 i agreed . 
 `` bit where that little kid is in the elevator ? '' 
 lena added . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 i said . 
 i waited for someone to tell me what the stalker men did . 
 no one volunteered , so i extrapolated from the name that they stalked stuff . 
 somewhere far away , an ambulance wailed . 
 we were near the ossington-bloor intersection now . 
 i could see the familiar shops and landmarks . 
 the pizza pizza that marked the border of the anomaly was coming up . 
 its green and orange sign glowed pure and bright in the gritty , rainy night . 
 despite my unease , the image of a hyper-real , steaming pizza burst into my mind . 
 to my empty stomach , the image was good enough to set off a pang in my gut , like a prisoner rattling the bars of his cell . 
 oh man , the crust would be all greasy , and the cheese would still be slightly melted , and there 'd be broccoli because broccoli tasted great on pizza and anyone who disagreed was stupid . 
 pizza was fucking awesome . 
 `` what you caught laurent and josh doing was a speed run , '' lena said . 
 the neon green-orange pizza pizza sign drifted behind her head and disappeared down the street . 
 `` that 's like , a competition we have . 
 we link gates in level zero and race through -- '' `` you should call haze , '' amrith interrupted . 
 `` tell him we called it off . '' 
 `` i messaged him . '' 
 lena said . 
 amrith raised his eyebrows and tilted his head just slightly at me . 
 lena shook her head . 
 we reached bloor and ossington in silence . 
 the rain tap-tapped the car roof and wound rivers down the windows . 
 the rain hammered the streets , and pounded up a fog . 
 i could n't see to the next block . 
 `` turn left , '' i instructed amrith . 
 amrith turned . 
 the headlights of the car flashed down the side street i was now so familiar with . 
 the street was dead . 
 a few metres away the bloor traffic honked and stopped and splashed the sidewalks with rainwater , but no one needed to go to this tiny road now . 
 wet leaves and scraps of flyers lined the street . 
 laurent 's blue yaris sat pulled to the side beside the pit , just after where the corridor made by the construction railing went back up to the sidewalk . 
 two shadows that looked like laurent and josh stood in the corridor , out of the rain . 
 amrith pulled up behind them . 
 we got out of the car . 
 the moon was n't out . 
 the asphalt glared with the streetlamp 's reflected light . 
 the road 's imperfections -- the patchwork pavement , the shrubs and weeds poking through the sidewalk stones , all loomed bolder and bigger in the half-dark . 
 i winced . 
 the rain fell cold on the back of my neck . 
 droplets pooled around my eyes and dripped down my nose like tears . 
 behind me , lena slammed the car door shut . 
 a car roared past us and splashed cold , gritty water on my ankles . 
 the rain fell back as we entered the corridor . 
 a sheet of cardboard above us , framed in yellow light , blocked most of it . 
 nevertheless , a thin mist poured off the sheet and fell down us like a waterfall . 
 josh stepped towards us as we neared . 
 his hood was pulled up . 
 his face was hidden by the dark . 
 `` the backpack was gutted , '' josh shouted as we approached . 
 he held out a black plastic case . 
 `` and we found this near the railing . '' 
 rain beaded off the casing . 
 i looked at josh . 
 `` it was already soaking , '' josh said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 my backpack lay near the railing where i left it . 
 it lay on its side empty and waterlogged . 
 all the zippers yawned open ; my laptop was gone . 
 i bent down and hoisted up the backpack . 
 water splashed out of it . 
 disgusted , i dropped it and kicked it to the railing , where it flopped against the metal beams . 
 `` so you jumped in there ? '' 
 amrith asked , pointing to the pit . 
 the rain muted his voice . 
 `` after all my stuff powered off , '' i said . 
 i wrapped my arms around me and shivered . 
 the pit . 
 i glanced sideways at it , resenting its presence , half afraid of what i might see . 
 but it looked normal now : empty , and mundane . 
 i spun on my heels to face the pit . 
 laurent and josh parted for me . 
 i rubbed the wet metal railing with my palms . 
 i 'd been here only a few hours ago ; i 'd been awake then . 
 now i was drifting in some uneasy nightmare . 
 water glimmered at the bottom of the pit , pinpricked with rain . 
 the cardboard signs rattled in the wind . 
 i put my sprained hand on them and tried to gather the cold into it to kill the pain . 
 josh peeked over the top . 
 he rolled his shoulders like a fighter entering the ring . 
 `` i 'm going in . '' 
 he said . 
 josh grabbed the railing bars and yanked himself up . 
 the wind and rain billowed his baggy hoodie . 
 he scrambled up the fence without pause and mounted the top . 
 from down here , the climb looked small . 
 josh planted his feet one by one with a casual laboriousness , like he was on round three of a stairmaster workout . 
 it looked easy . 
 but i do n't think i 'd ever climb up that railing again : i knew how high it felt when you were up there . 
 and i knew what was on the other side . 
 josh planted a foot on the top of the railing . 
 then he jumped . 
 dropped . 
 stopped in mid-air . 
 fuck . 
 i groaned . 
 during the card ride , i 'd hoped . 
 i 'd really hoped , that these people were just crazies . 
 even that i was crazy . 
 it was a better explanation than the one lena had explained back in the car , and therapy was cheap in toronto . 
 but now , josh walked on air . 
 and i realized with a sinking feeling that the others had n't flinched . 
 this was normal for them . 
 in the pit , josh lifted his head side to side , angling his head away from the rain . 
 now , i noticed a glassy surface beneath his feet . 
 it was rainwater . 
 now that josh stood inside the pit , the rainwater streaming from above stopped just at his feet , sketching the invisible barrier that held him up . 
 josh noticed the water slowly rising to skirt his shoelaces . 
 he lifted his feet . 
 i could n't see a sneer on josh 's hidden face , but he could look disgusted with his entire body . 
 josh looked around some more . 
 he inspected the walls , ran his hands over the clay , and i think swore to himself a couple of times . 
 finally , he ran over to us . 
 `` you said there was a barrier here ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 i nodded . 
 josh hugged his arms and looked around . 
 he jogged over to where the blue line had been . 
 josh reached into his pocket . 
 the darkness did n't let me see much . 
 he put a shadowed arm to the wall and tapped it . 
 josh ran back to us . 
 the rain was piling up . 
 wide puddles were forming on the surface , but they moved strangely ; drifting into strange shapes , forming and dispersing by themselves to no apparent force . 
 and it could have been my imagination , but the water seemed to vibrate -- almost imperceptibly , like a hummingbird 's wing . 
 i remembered how force had cancelled out when i landed on the barrier . 
 maybe the water 's behaviour was somehow affected . 
 `` gate 's gone ! '' 
 josh shouted . 
 `` need a blank ! '' 
 laurent turned away from the railing . 
 he flexed his jaw and shook his head like he 'd just heard some bad news . 
 lena reached to her face . 
 her hands spun around her ear , and came back with one of her plain , golden earrings . 
 she slipped her arm between the railings . 
 `` heads up ! '' 
 lena shouted . 
 she flicked the earring like a coin , and it flipped up to josh 's face . 
 josh snatched it out of the air . 
 he jogged back to the wall , and held the earring against it . 
 amrith patted my shoulder and leaned in to my ear . 
 `` the stalker man must have put in a fake barrier . 
 we always thought it was possible but it 's never been done before . '' 
 i did n't know what that meant for me ; i stared at josh , still holding the earring against the wall . 
 `` he 's getting a vibration now , '' amrith said . 
 `` hopefully we 'll be able to track the stalker man based on what we find . 
 then we can keep you safe . '' 
 `` keep me safe from what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 amrith bit his lip . 
 inside the pit , josh pocketed the ring and trotted over . 
 he grabbed the railing , pulled himself up , and made a quick climb over . 
 he gripped the top of the fence and slowly climbed down the other side , returning to us . 
 by the time i remembered to look , the barrier was gone . 
 i do n't know what happened to the water . 
 `` it 's a fake program , '' josh announced as he came down . 
 the wind roared as he spoke , and threw the rain sideways . 
 `` my gate 's gone . '' 
 `` what do stalker men do ? '' 
 i asked amrith . 
 `` christ , '' laurent muttered . 
 he kicked the fence . 
 `` what do stalker men -- '' i began . 
 `` how smart do you think this one is ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 josh dug around in his pocket , retrieved the gold earring , and thrust it at me . 
 i took it on reflex . 
 `` smarter than this fucker . '' 
 josh sneered . 
 i punched josh . 
 the blow came fast , before i knew i 'd thrown it . 
 my fist hurtled from my hip , shot out , and sank into josh 's ribs . 
 impact shook my arm . 
 it was stupid . 
 but so was he . 
 i did n't hear much after that . 
 the scene went slow and fast at the same time . 
 laurent went to josh and amrith held up a hand and shouted something mediating . 
 i shouted something back and jammed the earring into my pocket . 
 i backed away . 
 laurent and amrith stepped towards me but i balled my fists and they backed off . 
 they grew smaller and smaller as i retreated : josh kneeling on the ground clutching his side . 
 laurent swearing . 
 lena hiding her face in her hands and amrith watching me go . 
 # my car was in the parking lot i left it in . 
 i 'd paid for all-day parking , so i did n't even have a ticket . 
 i drove home and did n't think about anything . 
 i live on the second floor of horizon apartment complex , room 217 . 
 the building sits a few blocks away from lakeshore , right next to an empty field that 'll probably be a new apartment building soon . 
 the apartment is in etobicoke , hovering between toronto proper and mississauga 's port credit . 
 the lights were off when i came in . 
 greg was n't in either . 
 good . 
 i 'd rode the elevator to get up , and my eyes were still blue . 
 i did n't want to explain why . 
 i was n't sure i could explain . 
 i 'd noticed something about my eyes : they only glowed in the dark . 
 in lighted areas , they just looked dark blue , like i 'd put on contact lenses . 
 i do n't have a lot of girls over to my apartment , but when i do they called it ` unique . ' 
 i 'm not sure what that meant . 
 we are n't allowed to paint the off-white walls , but greg had put up a lot of paintings -- some reprints , most originals from toronto artists . 
 the furniture is a little schizophrenic since most of it we got from garage sales or ikea . 
 but it 's clean , quiet , and most of our neighbours are old people who do n't bother us . 
 it 's also a distance from my parents in brampton . 
 i closed the door behind me and turned the lock . 
 it thudded into place and i felt a bit better . 
 the earring felt cold in my pocket . 
 might have been my imagination . 
 i took it out and left it on the table in my hallway . 
 the lights were off in my apartment . 
 i edged forward , navigated my way to the kitchen , and found the fridge . 
 i pulled out a pack of coors . 
 on the way to my sofa , i caught my eyes in the tv . 
 in the black screen , my eyes glowed blue . 
 two lights in the darkness . 
 chapter five : the stalker men the snow fell thick and heavy from a black sky , from clouds that choked the moon and the ambient , glowing light of refracting stars . 
 the snowflakes fell fat and heavy like marshmallows , caking the streets . 
 the snow clogged the gutters . 
 it buried cars . 
 it massed in crooks of naked trees and turned the night into a black and white photo . 
 i shifted on my feet , letting the snow pile up on the shoulders of my jacket . 
 i stood on the sidewalk outside utm 's davis building , the gigantic slab of concrete that held the oldest lecture halls on campus . 
 the lights were still on inside , but the davis building was empty now . 
 the last bus left ten minutes ago . 
 my phone buzzed in my palm . 
 i flipped it open . 
 `` talk to me jon . '' 
 i said . 
 my words made clouds in the air . 
 flakes of snow dusted my bare knuckles , then melted away with a feathery feeling . 
 jon 's voice came muffled through the phone . 
 `` yeah . 
 sorry i 'm late . 
 you 'll see me in a minute . '' 
 `` got it , '' i folded the phone and dropped it in my jacket pocket . 
 i took a deep breath and blew a column of mist into the air . 
 when i was a kid , we 'd use the cold air to pretend we were smoking . 
 i was nineteen now , and i 'd tried smoking . 
 it made my mouth taste like ass . 
 davis was only accessible by a narrow , single-lane road . 
 the road was the best way into campus : it cut through the woodlot , wound through the hills and ponds dotting the parks , and made a clear , clean path around the davis building and up to mississauga road . 
 i watched the road , and waited for jon . 
 a muffled , comfortable silence had settled with the snow . 
 the birds were quiet or gone , the crickets long burrowed beneath the ground . 
 just the buzzing streetlights at the side of the road , and the sound of snow settling . 
 stillness followed the silence . 
 outside , with no people and no traffic , it was easy for me to think time had stopped . 
 the only exception was the snow , drifting from the sky in thick , white sheets . 
 a pair of headlights lanced the woodlot . 
 the twin lights mounted the hill beyond the circle road , and glimmered through the dark trees . 
 they passed across the road , and turned the snow to sparks . 
 the headlights belonged to a blue honda . 
 as i watched , the honda rounded the turn of the circle road . 
 the engine roared . 
 the driver honked . 
 a white hand waved in the window . 
 i hitched my backpack and headed to the street . 
 the car skidded to a stop , ploughing snow up around the tires . 
 in the window , jonathan reached behind his seat and popped the back seat open . 
 i yanked the door and threw my backpack into the seat . 
 snowflakes scattered on the black fabric . 
 `` exam went okay ? '' 
 jon asked . 
 i shut the passenger door and went around to the shotgun seat . 
 jon opened that one for me too . 
 `` i 'm guessing no . '' 
 he said as i sat down . 
 `` it went fine . '' 
 i pulled the door shut . 
 the thump of the door gave a verbal period . 
 jon revved the engine . 
 the car squealed . 
 the wheels spun , spun , and finally kicked us over the piled snow . 
 i shrugged off my coat and threw it in the back seat . 
 i did n't like snow , and i did n't like being wet . 
 i pried off my boots and tucked them in the back too . 
 finally i peeled off my wet , dirty socks , and tossed the damp woolen balls behind me . 
 i dialed the heater up to its highest setting . 
 jonathan raised an eyebrow . 
 `` comfortable enough ? '' 
 i dialed the radio to 97.3 rock . 
 finger eleven blasted out paralyser . 
 i grunted to indicate i was now comfortable . 
 `` cool . '' 
 he said . 
 the headlights cast the circle road in stark light , like a polaroid with too much flash . 
 the road stretched white and clear ahead of us , while the woods around us loomed dark and murky . 
 the streetlights came rarely . 
 long stretches of bare tree trunks flashed in the headlights as we passed . 
 they reminded me of tiger stripes . 
 the wipers squeaked across the glass . 
 the heating whooshed on and off as the car rumbled through the snow . 
 finger eleven 's paralyser cried out tinny and ragged on the ancient speakers . 
 i shuddered . 
 jon glanced over at me . 
 `` so cheri facebooked me . 
 she said you have n't spoken to nicole in a while . '' 
 i grunted . 
 i was n't getting along with nicole at the moment . 
 the headlights hit a stop sign . 
 jon passed by without stopping . 
 i shot him a dirty look . 
 `` that 's two demerit points . '' 
 `` no one 's here . '' 
 jon said . 
 `` does n't make a difference . '' 
 the sign grew smaller and smaller in the window . 
 `` it was under a light and everything . '' 
 `` rules only apply if someone 's watching . '' 
 jon said . 
 we entered a stretch of road bordered by trees on both sides . 
 `` also do n't tell mom i said that , '' jon added . 
 i grunted . 
 we completed the turn around circle road and came to the lights on mississauga road . 
 jon took a right without checking for traffic or pedestrians . 
 the car skidded . 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jon puffed out his cheeks and stuck out his tongue , like one of those girls on the animes he watched . 
 the face looked displaced on my tall , muscled , five-o’clock-shadowed brother . 
 `` tell me about the exam or about nicole , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not going to listen to your crap music for the next hour . '' 
 it was half an hour back to brampton . 
 `` test was okay , '' i said . 
 `` except i had to say a bunch of stuff about kublai khan . '' 
 `` that poem you hate ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` so you slammed it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` there are , rules and stuff , '' i said . 
 the snow on mississauga road glowed orange in the streetlamps . 
 jon pushed the car through it . 
 if it kept snowing like this , the tracks we left would be covered by morning . 
 we did n't usually get heavy , soft snow like this . 
 usually it came hard and windy , with icy teeth that burned cheeks and shook the dead leaves out of trees . 
 this snow fell like a blanket . 
 `` you know i read that thing after you were complaining about it , '' jon said . 
 `` i do n't get it . '' 
 `` it 's just a stupid opium dream , '' i said . 
 `` some guy gets high and writes about it . '' 
 `` you do n't have to say it 's good if you think it 's stupid . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 kublai khan was more than stupid . 
 `` there are rules though , '' i said . 
 `` my prof has this fu -- stupid idea that art is this spontaneous thing you ca n't control . '' 
 i bit the rest of my opinions down , because if i let them out i 'd never stop . 
 if art was truly spontaneous , something truly uncontrollable , studying art was pointless . 
 if it could n't be controlled , it could n't be understood . 
 professor simon 's idea of the poem shat on the money i paid her to teach me . 
 `` so write that out , '' jon said , like it was easy . 
 `` it 's not just the profs , '' i said . 
 `` it 's the fucking -- sorry -- stupid people in the classes who fawn over them and enable this sort of sycophantic clusterfu -- orgy . 
 thing . '' 
 `` there 's no meaning in any of it , '' i said . 
 i looked out the window , at the dark streets racing by . 
 there was n't meaning there either , just cold snow and wind . 
 `` and it 's so boring , '' i finished . 
 `` really , really boring . 
 we 're not learning methods or theories , just interpretations . '' 
 `` and you have n't asked your prof about this ? '' 
 jon asked . 
 `` there are rules , '' i repeated . 
 jon was silent for a while . 
 after a bit , he turned the radio to 91.1 and soft jazz mumbled through the speakers . 
 jon thought about whatever jon thought about . 
 i thought about rules . 
 after jon died , i forgot about rules . 
 # `` sam ? 
 you up ? '' 
 horrible brightness shocked the living room . 
 `` aaaah , '' i held a hand up to shield my eyes . 
 my vision blurred . 
 i blinked and felt stinging tears pour through my crusted eyes . 
 `` what the hell man ? '' 
 the living room looked worse now ; that was my fault . 
 i felt a lot worse too ; that was on me as well . 
 i 'd made a camp on the sofa in front of our tv . 
 aside from pillows , blankets , and two flashlights , i 'd also stockpiled beer and food . 
 the overall presentation did not look good . 
 it did n't even look sane . 
 the food was on the other end of the couch : a sandwich made of bologna , cheese , and tomato . 
 it was teetering on the sofa arm , dangerously close to falling . 
 the beer was even closer : an empty pack of coors lay on the floor , neatly squared against the sofa . 
 the pack 's handle was ripped , and the tear broke apart the pack 's printed mountain scenery to show corrugated cardboard . 
 more importantly , the tear made two bottles roll out under the sofa when i opened them . 
 i 'd spent a good five minutes last night trying vainly to retrieve the bottles without getting off the couch . 
 greg , standing at the entrance of the hallway in suit-jacketed sternness , did not look impressed . 
 i motioned for him to turn off the light . 
 he shook his head . 
 he wormed out of his jacket and folded it across his arm . 
 `` sorry man . '' 
 `` i was sleeping . '' 
 i lied . 
 i had n't really slept all night . 
 i 'd dozed . 
 every ten minutes my head had nodded off , and i 'd entered a zone of grey thoughtblurs and semi-restfullness . 
 but every time , i 'd jerked awake , checked my mirror , and saw the blue eyes staring back at me . 
 i shifted my ass and bottles clinked around me . 
 my back hurt from sitting too long . 
 `` how 's the arm ? '' 
 greg draped his jacket lightly over the tv . 
 i looked at my arm . 
 purple bruises swam across the wrist and knuckles . 
 a lukewarm coors bottle nestled under it . 
 it radiated sickly warmth . 
 `` needs more cold . '' 
 i coughed , then groaned . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` eight o’clock . '' 
 greg said . 
 he raised an eyebrow at the bottles . 
 `` you realize it 's a work day . '' 
 eight o’clock . 
 i scrunched my face and hoped sleep would come . 
 it did n't . 
 i just felt nervous , sick , miserable . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i felt around and realized i still had pants on . 
 point one for sam . 
 `` late night at work , '' greg said as he walked over to his room . 
 he vanished into the hallway and shouted : `` decided to stay at carrie 's . 
 you should 've seen it -- there was this gis report due because of some new software . 
 everyone was going crazy . '' 
 `` that does sound crazy , '' i said . 
 i eyed the light switch on the other side of the room . 
 i wished greg would turn it off . 
 greg came back into the living room . 
 he 'd changed into a new pair of khakis and a starched , daffodil dress shirt . 
 he buttoned the cuffs and asked me without looking up , `` so are you going to work today or what ? '' 
 `` not feeling good , '' i said . 
 i curled my clammy toes against the sofa . 
 `` wonder why , '' greg said . 
 he got both cuffs buttoned and patted the shirt down . 
 `` by the way , turns out the shirtless santa 's had a facebook page all along . 
 i think he manages it himself . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i said . 
 i lurched upright and planted both feet on the ground . 
 i clumsily grabbed at the table and heave myself up . 
 the blood rushed out of my head . 
 stars exploded in my eyes . 
 my legs gave way and i crashed back into the sofa . 
 bottles clinked and the sofa springs creaked to welcome me back . 
 looked like i was staying put . 
 `` anyway , we 'll do something simple next week , '' greg said . 
 he retrieved his suit jacket from the tv and put it back on . 
 he pulled the lapels and the fabric fwumped like a sail in high wind . 
 `` i guess i 'll see you tonight ? '' 
 i had hardly heard him . 
 i just nodded . 
 my eyes closed . 
 my head spun . 
 colours danced behind my eyelids . 
 `` cool . 
 uh , feel better . '' 
 greg 's disembodied voice said . 
 i heard footsteps , and the sound of an opening door . 
 `` wait , '' i groaned . 
 `` wait -- about that photo you took -- '' the door clicked shut . 
 greg was gone . 
 i was alone . 
 well , not quite alone . 
 i waited for the stars to pass . 
 they did . 
 the dizziness cleared and i felt the machinery in my head slowly choke , rattle , and finally jerk to life like an old engine with a few kilometers left in it . 
 i slowly patted myself to get an idea of where all my body parts were . 
 i found my hips , found my jeans , and then felt a tiny , hard circle inside my front pocket . 
 fuck . 
 i reached into the pocket . 
 my hand came out with a simple gold earring looped around my index finger . 
 after so long in my pocket , it matched my body heat perfectly . 
 greasy whorls smudged the metal where i 'd touched it . 
 so , it was still here . 
 i thought of getting up again , but my head was still reeling from my last attempt . 
 instead , i threw off the blanket . 
 i leaned over the sofa and looked down . 
 the floor stared back at me . 
 i had to get down . 
 but how would i -- i leaned too far . 
 my balance vanished . 
 i whipped my hands out but they struck empty air . 
 i twisted . 
 the blanket tangled my legs . 
 i was dropping . 
 down down do -- i was on the floor now . 
 mission accomplished . 
 i raised my head . 
 the dark green blanket tugged my feet as i shifted . 
 i kicked it off and got to my knees . 
 okay . 
 so far so good . 
 i crawled on the floor to the windows . 
 the entire north wall of our living room is windows , looking out to the other apartment building across from us . 
 greg said it looked like money . 
 i said i did n't want people staring at my junk . 
 greg 's inevitable response to this was the assurance no one wanted to stare at my junk . 
 touché , greg . 
 the thin , blue blinds were the only barrier between the world and my obvious inebriation . 
 i crawled over to them now , stumbling over the cold , bare floor . 
 i reached the little blind-control stick at the end of the last window , and spun it . 
 the blinds slanted open , and revealed the apartment complex . 
 a small , orange sun was rising in the east , and it cast pumpkin-coloured light on the manicured lawns and asphalt byways below . 
 the light was too much . 
 i closed the blinds . 
 i coughed again , and gagged on my own breath . 
 i thought of how i must look : a sweat-stained , unclean , alcohol-ghost . 
 wrinkled clothes , messed hair , breath smelling like rancid sick . 
 slats of light striping my hands and back . 
 clinging to the floor . 
 baffled by gravity . 
 disgusting . 
 it was the earring 's fault . 
 the earring . 
 i 'd dropped it at the foot of the sofa leg . 
 it was still there , half-hidden under a drift of green blanket . 
 i stumbled on all fours away from the windows . 
 the curved gold caught the faint light in the room and concentrated it to a point -- a single , unblinking eye . 
 the earring ruined everything . 
 i could ignore my eyes -- still blue , still glow-in-the-dark -- by avoiding mirrors . 
 hell , i could pretend i always had blue eyes . 
 but the earring was something incontrovertibly real . 
 i tripped . 
 my knees skidded on the floor . 
 i sprawled forward on the ground , right in front of the earring . 
 not so small anymore : it towered , a wall of inscrutable gold with its single point of light , watching me . 
 i hated it . 
 especially because hating the earring was easier than the vague sense at the back of my head that , somehow , i had landed in something terrifying , and then fucked it up . 
 i grabbed it . 
 i squeezed it in my palm and felt the edge dig into my skin . 
 `` fucking thing . '' 
 i grumbled . 
 my eyes shut and this time i thought sleep would come . 
 i thought i 'd fall asleep , and wake up safe and warm and normal . 
 but no sleep came . 
 `` fucking thing . '' 
 i whispered . 
 then i groaned , and tossed the thing away . 
 i really needed a shower . 
 # it was such a stupid thing . 
 i slouched against the shower wall , pinching the earring in my thumb and index , observing it for any imperfections or hidden letters that would only appear in warm soapy water . 
 i found none . 
 it was just a goldish circle , broken only by a tiny lever to separate it . 
 i knew three different places where i could get better-looking jewelry than this . 
 but last night , amrith said this earring could find the thing that had changed my eyes . 
 the water drummed my head . 
 the hot water had sweated out most of the remaining alcohol , and cleaned off whatever gunk had been oiling my skin . 
 but my mind still felt full of fog , and though i was still too nervous to sleep , actual thinking came hard . 
 i tried a few mental exercises . 
 i failed them . 
 i could n't recall any speeches from faust , nor could i remember any squared number series . 
 that meant i currently had the working iq of a rabbit ; today i 'd be useless for anything that did n't involve the internet . 
 the internet it was then . 
 i got out of the shower and toweled off . 
 i was n't in any shape to work , so i grabbed the phone and called my supervisor while i searched for undies in the clothes-dunes of my bedroom . 
 my supervisor , tanya , was mad . 
 she did n't say it , because we were a calm and considerate workplace , but i knew that my absence today would add another entry on the `` improvements '' section . 
 whatever -- i was n't trying to climb the corporate ladder . 
 i just wanted to pay my rent . 
 after i finished with tanya and found a cleanish outfit , i remembered my laptop was missing -- stolen from last night . 
 so to balance karma , i stole greg 's laptop . 
 he kept it under his bed , in the dark blue box it came in from best buy . 
 i dragged it out , set it down on our kitchen table , and booted it as i turned the power on for our ancient , black plastic coffee machine . 
 while the machine gurgled to life , i guessed the password by running down a list of greg 's favorite things . 
 i went through `` carrie , '' `` watermelon , '' `` daft punk '' and `` p90x '' until correctly guessing `` 123456 `` . 
 as i typed , the red light on the coffee machine 's rear flickered on to let me know it was heated up . 
 i ignored it , went to google and typed in `` level zero . '' 
 the results were a movie trailer and a swedish electo-rock band . 
 i idly looked for a mug in the cupboard and pulled out one with a rooster on it because i liked roosters . 
 i set the mug under the coffee maker and pushed the button for a large cup . 
 the machine made noises like a thousand cats in a grain thresher . 
 i went back to the computer . 
 i tried google again with `` blue glowing eyes . '' 
 horror movie links and unscary pictures came up . 
 web md had nothing with blue eyes as a symptom . 
 a thin column of coffee poured from the machine 's spout into my mug , spilling fresh-roast smell into the air . 
 i set the mug down next to the laptop . 
 i stared at the google logo some more . 
 slowly , i typed in `` stalker man . '' 
 just a bunch of articles on stalkers . 
 i thought a bit more . 
 `` stalker man glowing eyes . '' 
 two results came up . 
 they were all from the same site : something called creepy pasta wiki . 
 each of the google items came from a conversation about one article , called `` the slender man . '' 
 i clicked it . 
 creepy pasta wiki was a standard wikipedia-model . 
 the site seemed to be dedicated to internet horror stories . 
 the site had a blood-red background , and a lot of ... interesting images . 
 i saw a german sheppard , grinning at me with a healthy set of human teeth . 
 the article i 'd clicked was about something called the slender man -- a fictional monster reportedly created as part of a contest on the somethingawful forums . 
 the slender man appeared as a freakishly tall man in a black suit and tie . 
 there were pictures : black and white images of children playing in playgrounds and parks where , in the background , a tall silhouette stood and watched . 
 according to the article , the slender man hunted children . 
 i clicked the article history , and found the reference to the stalker man . 
 5 months ago -lrb- nov 06 -rrb- mrsparkle -lrb- contributor -rrb- edits : added alternate names for slender man : man in black , stalker man , the rake 5 months ago -lrb- nov 08 -rrb- jerjer -lrb- admin -rrb- edits : deleted alternate names : men in black is for alien stories and stalker man are from the labyrinth mythos . 
 just because they 're similar does n't mean it 's an alias . 
 stalker men have glowing eyes , no suits . 
 and the rake is dog-like . 
 and that was it . 
 i googled just `` stalker men '' again . 
 i scrolled through about twenty pages about relationships and psychos . 
 my coffee was lukewarm now . 
 i chugged half the mug and spilled the rest in the sink . 
 i went back to the creepy pasta discussion . 
 i googled `` labyrinth mythos stalker men . '' 
 the first result was a tvtropes article called the adjectival man i knew about tv tropes ; another wiki-style website , it was dedicated to documenting recurring themes and tropes in movies and literature . 
 it had taught me more about fiction than four years studying english at utm . 
 this article described the naming formula `` the + adjective + man '' to come up with a generic scary name . 
 i scanned down the article to a list of works that used it . 
 pan 's labyrinth 's pale man uses this trope . 
 the slender man mythos , featuring the slender man ! 
 the stalker men from the labyrinth stories . 
 i went into a google freefall for another hour . 
 i bit my lip . 
 i made another cup of coffee and drank it while i checked my email . 
 there was one from tanya and one from rohit . 
 i did n't open either of them . 
 it was eight o’clock now . 
 my eyes felt sore and my brain was flickering on and off . 
 i created an account on the creepy pasta wiki , found the forums , and started a topic . 
 flautist i 'm looking for information on the labyrinth mythos and stalker men . 
 anyone have any links ? 
 i hit the enter key and looked at the floor . 
 the off-white tiles looked sort of comfortable . 
 # `` he 's moving . '' 
 `` we still have time . 
 block the gate . '' 
 i woke up , cold and stiff . 
 my neck hurt . 
 i saw nothing but white blurs . 
 the blurs became kitchen appliances . 
 had they finally rebelled from their human masters ? 
 what did they want from me ? 
 then i remembered i 'd fallen asleep on the kitchen tiles . 
 then again , that 's what the appliances would want me to believe . 
 i rolled over . 
 my nose left a shiny , oily blot on the tiles . 
 afternoon light pierced through the blinds and filled the room . 
 the little clock on the stove read 3:04 . 
 i blinked from the light , and tasted stale coffee on my tongue . 
 but my mind was clearer now . 
 i remembered that the square root of 164 was 14 , and that christopher marlowe wrote the tragical historie of doctor faustus around 1592 . 
 i planted both hands on the shiny white tiles and pushed up . 
 my balance was back . 
 i shook my head around a bit . 
 my headache was gone . 
 greg 's computer sat where i 'd left it on the kitchen table . 
 the screen was black , covered with a thin skein of dust . 
 i 'd clean it carefully before i put it away ; greg got weird about his computer . 
 i patted my shoulders and found a hard , painful ball of muscle between my shoulder and neck . 
 i massaged the knot with my good hand , sat down at the table , and went back online . 
 the message i 'd left in the creepypasta forum had gotten some comments . 
 yorik : yeah good luck with that anon101 : the labyrinth mythos is closed . 
 it had a little buzz about a year ago but all the links and stories vanished . 
 mr. sparkle : i heard that it was a viral campaign for a website or a shoe or something . 
 most of the posts and stories have been deleted -lrb- legal trouble or something -rrb- . 
 but the original is still lurking around . 
 i copypastad it on my hard disk . 
 i 'll pm you . 
 i checked the wiki 's message system , there was indeed a message from mr. sparkle . 
 there were no greetings , no personal comments , just a wall of text . 
 i scanned the text . 
 i saw the words `` stalker man , '' i saw `` glowing eyes . '' 
 this might be it . 
 this might teach me exactly what the fuck was happening . 
 so i started at the top , carefully reading every word . 
 but as i read , my chest grew cold . 
 my stomach tightened . 
 my breath ran cold and shallow . 
 this story was obviously written by a moron . 
 i write of the labyrinth not to encourage the foolish to conduct this ritual . 
 i write this not to make fame or fortune for myself . 
 i write this as a warning : because the labyrinth is real . 
 and if you discover it , you 'd better know what to do instead of running in blind . 
 so pay attention . 
 in a city , you will find a small cave . 
 maybe it 'll be inside the earth , maybe it 'll be on the edge of a cliff , and maybe it 'll be on the rocks by a lake . 
 you 'll know this is the cave because , even though it 'll be shallow and small , once you step into it the sky will darken outside , even at the hight of noon . 
 there will be a stone in the cave . 
 it will be standing upright , and will look completely normal . 
 now , do n't stare at the stone . 
 if you do , you 'll be calling the labyrinth open . 
 if you do stare at the stone , you 'll start to feel odd . 
 the air will turn warm and toasty , and the colors in the room will go haywire . 
 your vision will blur and your eyes will feel weird , like when you 're staring at an optical illusion . 
 if you break eye contact with the stone , everything will go back to normal . 
 but if you stare into the stone long enough , it 'll turn black . 
 the stone has become an entrance to the labyrinth now . 
 if you do n't break eye contact with the stone , and if you move slowly into it , you will enter the labyrinth . 
 but if you do , you will be unable to get out unless you have someone on the other end to help you . 
 if you see two blue lights in the stone , you should run . 
 that means a stalker man has found you . 
 the stalker man ca n't hurt you as long as you do n't step into the stone . 
 if you do however , you 'll be in danger . 
 your eyes will turn bright blue , and then ... it 'll be too late . 
 there was a note from mrsparkle at the bottom of the message . 
 -- yeah i know it 's sort of sucky compared to the really good pastas out there . 
 the spinoffs were great though . 
 too bad no one can find them now . 
 anyway hope this helps . 
 look into the theta-pi series if you like the idea of this one , or this book called arena , it 's sorta a similar concept . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i calmly and quickly wrote a reply to mrsparkle thanking him for the story . 
 i assured him it had been helpful . 
 i shut off the laptop , unplugged it , and looped the power cord around my elbow . 
 i closed the laptop and put it and the cord back in the box under greg 's bed . 
 then , i slowly entered my room , locked the door , and screamed at the wall for a few minutes . 
 the story was real . 
 the writing was crap but it was real . 
 the glowing eyes , the air , the darkened sky , i 'd seen all of those . 
 but that story made the whole thing sound like fucking bloody mary . 
 my throat got sore so i stopped screaming . 
 screaming was useless anyway . 
 i was n't some horror-movie chick . 
 i collapsed onto a pile of clothes next to the bed . 
 the door to my closet has a mirror on it . 
 i looked sideways at it . 
 my eyes were still blue . 
 fuck it . 
 i got up and slid the closet door open . 
 unlike the rest of my room , the inside was bare of junk . 
 the entire thing was empty , except for a blue toolbox at the bottom . 
 the toolbox was a heavy , craftsman model , built like a small tank . 
 it was the same kind my dad owned back home . 
 he bought me the toolbox when i moved out , and presented it to me as a gift of one man to another . 
 it was a thoughtful gesture from a person i loved , but dad forgot i did n't even know how to use a screwdriver . 
 that was why i 'd stuck a label on the box with the heading `` emergency journalism equipment . '' 
 i thumbed the latches off and opened up the box . 
 a set of compartments fanned open with oiled , mechanical silence . 
 i lifted the compartments out . 
 most of them held bolts , screws , and tools . 
 but at the very bottom ... i lifted out six containers of small , rattly stuff , and two trays of screwdrivers , wrenches and ratchets . 
 when the last tray was lifted out , it revealed the bottom of the box : all the tools of my trade as a blogger . 
 okay , most of it was crap : fake moustaches , hair dye , a broken voice-recorder for interviews . 
 but there was something i could use : an ancient , silver motorolla flip phone . 
 the phone was banged up , the plastic scuffed grey . 
 the sd card was gone . 
 but when i powered it on , the battery was full -- and there was a camera in it . 
 i also found four ttc tokens , a roll of quarters , a flashlight , and a red spiral notebook with half the pages ripped out . 
 i grabbed a blue hoodie draped across my desk and tucked all the equipment in various pouches . 
 last of all , i tore a scrap of paper from my notebook and scratched out a note . 
 greg -- off to find monsters . 
 not back by midnight call 911 . 
 for serious . 
 -- sam i left the note on the kitchen table . 
 outside , the afternoon waned . 
 by the time i reached my destination , it 'd be near dusk . 
 that did n't bother me ; i was n't afraid of night . 
 just stars that ran in perfect lines . 
 # `` it 's getting worse . 
 we ca n't save him . '' 
 the sun set on lake ontario . 
 wind blew through my hair and ruffled the sleeves of my dark red hoodie . 
 i held my phone up to the sky , and the departing clouds . 
 i clicked the camera . 
 no stars . 
 i snapped the phone shut . 
 i wanted to toss it . 
 i wanted to give up and go home . 
 instead , i looked around the park to see if i 'd missed something . 
 the park was one of those small , no-name ones . 
 it stretched about half a kilometer -- starting at some tennis cages and going up to a parking lot north of here . 
 on one side of the park , traffic surged over the aging , high-flying gardiner . 
 on the other , dirty water quietly lapped at dirty sand . 
 the park was mostly just flat turf , with brown grass turning green . 
 there were picnic-benches on one side , gouged with names and swear-words , and a swingset with two of the four swings falling off their rusted chains . 
 it was aggravating . 
 i stood in thought . 
 the wind blew harder . 
 the swings creaked in their rusty chains . 
 on the shore , a flock of seagulls screeched . 
 their white wings flapped . 
 yellow stick-legs stepped out a quick , complicated dance for food . 
 it was so aggravating . 
 i pocketed the phone in my hoodie , and my fingers hit the earring i brought with me . 
 i rubbed the metal absently . 
 my legs ached and i 'd gone too long without advil for my hand . 
 i 'd do one more kilometre . 
 along the shore , a man in bright red running shorts sprinted down the waves . 
 his feet made wet slaps on the sand . 
 my hunch for searching the lakeshore had come from the labyrinth story . 
 the story mentioned cliffs , underground , and caves near lakes . 
 not counting the subway system , the gta only had the shore of a lake . 
 but for eight kilometres , i 'd walked along the shore . 
 at every kilometre , i raised my phone to the sky . 
 i never saw stars . 
 i walked north , keeping a distance from the lake . 
 the seagulls followed me a few meters away . 
 i could n't search the entire lakeshore , i realized . 
 not in a human lifetime at least . 
 i had to go back to work tomorrow . 
 i smirked . 
 my eyes had changed colour with no explanation . 
 and i had to go to work tomorrow . 
 i laughed . 
 there was a little too much crazy in it ; the seagulls shrieked . 
 they pumped their wings and coasted the wind back to the swing sets . 
 i 'd landed in some sort of interdimensional conspiracy involving monsters and computer geeks . 
 and i had to go to work tomorrow . 
 `` oh boy ! '' 
 i cackled . 
 `` oh man ! '' 
 maybe the monsters would wait for me . 
 maybe i could negotiate a weekend-only plan with them . 
 maybe i could get a doctor 's note exempting me from supernatural activities . 
 it worked for swim class in junior high . 
 i wiped my eyes and kept walking . 
 as i walked , i checked the phone . 
 every time i 'd hold it up , squint in the light of the setting sun , and hold the camera button until it made the chick-chock shutter sound . 
 every time the photo showed a normal , pixelated sky . 
 maybe using two-year old internet legends as a guide was n't the practical idea i needed . 
 i snapped the pictures anyway . 
 i passed the parking lot marking the end of the no-name park . 
 i continued on unowned , untamed lakefront . 
 near the end of the kilometre , i found a ream of rocks . 
 the rocks included all sizes from thumb-sized pebbles to boulders bigger than my oven . 
 they cut across my path , rising to about the height of my waist . 
 they came from a small cliff about thirty meters up . 
 the cliff was artificial , probably raised to accommodate the small street passing across it . 
 it looked like the city had tried to keep the cliff stable by putting up some concrete barriers and wrapping black mesh around it to prevent erosion . 
 but the mesh had torn . 
 i saw frayed black strands where the flow of rocks began . 
 from there , the stones spilled across my path , and into the lake . 
 `` he 's not coming around . '' 
 something silver glinted at the head of the rocks . 
 i squinted . 
 the object was square , but it did n't look like paper or a poster . 
 it looked solid . 
 i took a few steps forward . 
 `` give him another . '' 
 i planted a foot on the rocks and pushed myself onto them . 
 they shifted beneath my weight . 
 my legs shook as i rose . 
 i took another good look at the square thing . 
 it looked a lot like a laptop . 
 my laptop . 
 i wobbled closer and closer . 
 the stones creaked . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i looked at the sky . 
 it seemed normal . 
 i held up my phone and took a picture -- still normal sky . 
 i took a few steps further . 
 it was definitely my laptop . 
 i saw the crappy type r sticker i 'd pasted to the front -- joking that it made the computer go faster . 
 strange . 
 almost like a trap . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 's coming . 
 we have to go . 
 now . '' 
 it was a beautiful thing . 
 a divine coincidence . 
 i wandered over the rocks . 
 i do n't know why but i was grinning . 
 i took a big breath of fresh spring air . 
 the pain bled out my legs . 
 even my hand felt fine . 
 `` we 're not leaving . '' 
 i chuckled a bit . 
 i felt good . 
 i turned around and gave a long , sweeping gaze at the world that seemed so beautiful . 
 `` he 's right . 
 we have to go . '' 
 but why was the sky like that ? 
 `` try again . '' 
 the sky was black . 
 completely black . 
 except ... i looked up . 
 no moon , no stars , but there were two glowing lights , glimmering like candle flames . 
 they were bright blue . 
 `` fine . 
 here goes . '' 
 # i screamed . 
 my throat stretched , strained , tore . 
 `` hit it again . '' 
 lena said . 
 laurent smashed an aluminum baseball bat on the cold , concrete floor . 
 blue sparks flew up . 
 they fell , fizzling on dark asphalt . 
 the floor shook beneath me . 
 a cry like tortured whale-song sang from the stone ceiling . 
 pain . 
 pain like my bones would burst . 
 pain like drilled teeth . 
 pain like injections , muscles swelling tissues bloating gon na die gon na tear gon na burst . 
 `` get the knife , '' she said . 
 her hands pinned my chest . 
 could n't take it . 
 `` no ! '' 
 josh shouted . 
 thunder rolled over his voice . 
 `` separation will kill him . '' 
 my back arched . 
 eyes prickled , went warm . 
 saw red in the long fluorescent lights . 
 fuck fuck fuck . 
 `` get the knife ! '' 
 lena screamed . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 amrith shouted . 
 the noise of thunder , rolling metal , screaming stone , reached a crescendo . 
 the thunder subsided . 
 the pain yanked itself out my body . 
 i gasped . 
 coughed out vomit . 
 silence . 
 `` it 's already here , '' he whispered . 
 # the lights flickered . 
 my consciousness blurred . 
 an empty parking garage , a cold one . 
 `` he 's coming to . '' 
 laurent said . 
 he sported a bright yellow sack hat on his head . 
 did he really think that looked cool ? 
 `` josh , get a gate ready , '' lena said . 
 `` already working on it , '' josh said from the wall . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it came out as a muffled whimper . 
 i shifted . 
 my clothes hung heavy with sweat . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tried to say . 
 except what came out was just a wail . 
 spit gurgled in my throat . 
 i coughed . 
 pain . 
 still so much pain echoing in my limbs . 
 and so much cold . 
 `` can you move ? '' 
 amrith asked . 
 my fingers curled like a dead man 's . 
 i had n't told them to . 
 my breath sped up and spots burst in my eyes . 
 heartbeat rose . 
 my jugular throbbed against my neck . 
 i tasted blood . 
 lena said . 
 `` he 's going back under . '' 
 # i picked up my laptop . 
 the sun-toasted plastic warmed my palms . 
 i chuckled , sat down on the rocks , and watched the waves on the shore of lake ontario . 
 the sun glowed a deep orange over the water . 
 it reminded me of orange juice . 
 warm orange juice . 
 i leaned back . 
 the rocks felt warm beneath me , and strangely comfortable . 
 stray bits of stone clung to my shirt . 
 `` we have to leave him . '' 
 did warm orange juice taste good ? 
 probably not . 
 mango juice then . 
 `` we ca n't . '' 
 yes , mango juice was tasty , i decided . 
 `` hit it again . '' 
 # i saw white , just white . 
 white turned grey . 
 grey turned to dingy parking garage . 
 `` finally . '' 
 lena breathed . 
 she stood up and kicked the floor with a brown leather boot . 
 `` keep him up this time . '' 
 i coughed . 
 my mouth felt full of sour-tasting fluff . 
 `` okay , we 've got him . '' 
 amrith said . 
 he looked over his shoulder to josh . 
 `` how 's the gate ? '' 
 `` let . 
 me . 
 work , '' josh seethed from the wall . 
 he held an earring -- lena 's earring -- in one hand . 
 the other hand pushed against a salt-stained concrete wall . 
 beside him , laurent crouched with an aluminum baseball bat , held up like he was ready to hit a home run . 
 here again ? 
 i did n't want to be here . 
 `` crap . '' 
 amrith looked down at me . 
 he started going fuzzy . 
 `` nonono ! '' 
 # the wipers squeaked on the glass . 
 the tires stuttered as it traversed the drifts of snow . 
 the entire car shuddered as we hit a bump in the asphalt . 
 we 'd just entered the narrow bridge on hurontario . 
 the snow quietly intensified . 
 the bridge was long , utilitarian concrete . 
 one of about four on this street that spanned the credit river . 
 the river ran south from orangeville and emptied in lake ontario . 
 approaching this part of mississauga , the river broke up into three , later converging back into a single stream . 
 over the centuries , the river had carved deep valleys where it ran . 
 it was pretty , but damn inconvenient . 
 in the daylight , i could have seen the trees waving beneath the bridge . 
 i could have seen the river , and the deer that sometimes crossed it . 
 but tonight was dark : the concrete railings showed darkness , and snow . 
 nothing else . 
 `` it was n't your fault , '' jon said . 
 jonathan looked ... normal . 
 but then , what did i expect ? 
 of course he looked normal , like dad , except with lighter hair and four scars on his ear from his rebel teen earring phase . 
 for some reason , i could n't see his eyes ; the shadows cut them off . 
 i stared too long . 
 jon noticed . 
 he waggled his ears and crossed his eyes at me until i looked away . 
 i felt better though . 
 it was just the lighting after all : as soon as he 'd lowered his head to mock me , i saw his face just fine . 
 `` it feels like my fault , '' i muttered . 
 i looked down for my laptop , but it was n't there . 
 i did n't own a laptop . 
 jon scratched his chin . 
 his stubble scritch-scritched against his thumb . 
 the passing streetlights drew closer and closer together as we entered brampton . 
 neon signs flashed in the windows -- a jack astor 's , a boston pizza , a bright green chili pepper for thai excite . 
 `` whew , '' jon said . 
 `` i thought we 'd never get home . '' 
 his breath fogged as he spoke . 
 mine did too . 
 but the heater was on , full blast . 
 we passed through the downtown and swung into the suburbs . 
 it got darker again : no cars out this late , and in this weather . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid . '' 
 jon said . 
 i nodded , even though i did n't understand him . 
 jon entered our neighborhood . 
 he turned down squire street and took a left on jackdaw . 
 i rarely saw our block covered in this much snow ; it caked everything , leaving only slivers of black beneath the eaves of houses and the boughs of trees . 
 our house appeared at the end of orion street -- a white-brick bungalow with spanish arches . 
 a tasteless plastic angel stood next to the maple tree on our lawn . 
 the angel , an easter bunny , and a frankenstein 's monster all shared the same spot in a choreographed holiday timeshare . 
 jonathan pulled into the narrow driveway and stopped only when the car almost touched the garage door . 
 jon turned off the car . 
 the headlights died . 
 the dashboard died . 
 the quiet sounds of the engine and the motor died . 
 `` come on , '' jon said . 
 his breath steamed around him . 
 `` let 's get inside . '' 
 i hugged my backpack to my chest . 
 the house looked odd ; the lights were out inside . 
 something else was off : the exhaust from the furnace should have been steaming in this cold . 
 it was n't right . 
 the house did n't just look empty . 
 it looked dead . 
 where mom and dad at a party ? 
 that might explain it . 
 but then why did jonathan have the only car ? 
 jon undid his seatbelt , kicked his door open , and got out . 
 he bent back in to look at me . 
 `` coming ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his eyes glowed bright blue . 
 jon frowned . 
 `` something wrong bud ? '' 
 `` last time or we leave . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` jon ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ... did n't you die ? '' 
 `` hit it ! '' 
 # i gasped . 
 my eyes flew open . 
 cold stone beneath my hands . 
 i saw lena and amrith sitting above me . 
 lena slapped me . 
 `` ow , '' i shouted , more from shock than anything . 
 `` do n't do that again , '' lena said . 
 she massaged the back of her hand and looked over to amrith . 
 she nodded . 
 amrith nodded back . 
 he slapped me again . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i clutched my jaw . 
 that one did hurt . 
 `` you nearly died . '' 
 amrith said . 
 `` a couple of times . 
 you ca n't go back to sleep . '' 
 `` i was n't sleeping , '' i muttered into my hand . 
 `` come on , we 're still in trouble , '' lena said . 
 she and amrith grabbed my arms and pulled me to my feet . 
 i tripped . 
 they steadied me . 
 `` we have to go ! '' 
 josh shouted . 
 next to him , a blue line glowed on the wall . 
 the room tilted left . 
 my feet slipped . 
 amrith and lena held me up . 
 `` what 's wrong with this room ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 a thousand tiny pains screamed at me from the small corners of my body . 
 the junctures in my spine , the hollow of my back . 
 i tasted vomit on my mouth . 
 amrith and lena pulled me down . 
 i resisted . 
 a sound like splitting rocks crashed from the ceiling . 
 the ground snapped beneath me and i flew a foot into the air . 
 i collided with the ground and they pulled me back to my feet . 
 `` you 've got to trust us ! '' 
 amrith shouted . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' amrith shouted in my ear . 
 he whipped around . 
 `` josh ?! '' 
 `` done ! '' 
 josh said . 
 a blue line of light stood in the wall in front of him . 
 he stuffed something in the pocket of his hoody . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 and then we were running . 
 lena and amrith charged me at the line . 
 it was glowing , brighter and brighter and ... chapter six : escape dark , like cave mouths and bad dreams . 
 warm , like a dead campfire . 
 the air smelled burnt , and greasy . 
 i groaned . 
 a feeling of revulsion gurgled up from my stomach and made me shudder . 
 i felt amrith 's and lena 's hands on my shoulders and waist , but could not see them in the sudden darkness . 
 i swatted them away . 
 my balance lurched . 
 my knees knocked together . 
 i groped for something to hold on to . 
 i could n't hear -- just murmurs beneath the squeal of tinnitus . 
 i caught my breath , steadied myself , and let the lingering disgust pass through me . 
 i swallowed . 
 my ears popped , and i could hear again . 
 `` -- is n't going to -- '' `` shut up . '' 
 `` you shut up . '' 
 a flashlight clicked on and the voices stopped . 
 a circle of light wavered on a black floor . 
 it shot up to a blue line glowing on a close , black wall . 
 laurent passed through the beam , dragging his aluminum bat . 
 he set up beside the blue line . 
 he hitched the bat up to his shoulders , grabbed it both hands , and curled his fingers around the handle wrapped in fraying black tape . 
 he swung . 
 the bat smashed the wall with a home run tink . 
 blue sparks flew out from the line . 
 the blue line shuttered , stuttered , and blacked out . 
 another layer of darkness fell on top of the room . 
 it was just the flashlight now . 
 i felt a hand grab my shoulder . 
 i could tell it was lena 's . 
 `` do n't relax , '' her voice sounded off . 
 without visual markers , it seemed to come from far away . 
 `` do n't fall asleep . 
 if you feel strange tell us . '' 
 `` also just so we 're clear we might perhaps have to kill you , '' amrith 's disembodied voice said . 
 i think he was joking . 
 `` jesus amrith . '' 
 josh whispered . 
 the joke got a lot less funny . 
 from the sound , i could tell he held the flashlight . 
 a hiss filled the room . 
 red sparks and thick , viscous smoke flew up and cast the room in blood-tones . 
 a road flare . 
 laurent held the flare in his other hand . 
 his eyes creased and he looked away from it . 
 his mouth puckered like he 'd eaten something spicy . 
 he tossed the flare into the corner . 
 our shadows reeled around it . 
 i could see everyone now , standing in the bloody light . 
 we stood in a room , about ten metres by ten . 
 the walls , floor , and ceiling were black plastic , and each wall -- aside from the one where the blue light had stood -- had a doorway carved into it . 
 i had a feeling that these doorways led to similar , identical rooms . 
 back in the dungeon . 
 back in level zero . 
 i whimpered . 
 i tried to rein it in , but failed . 
 josh dropped to his knees , digging in his pockets . 
 it could have been a dream . 
 it really could have . 
 but here i was again ... `` one sec , '' josh grunted . 
 he put the flashlight down . 
 light rolled across the floor . 
 his hands patted his back pockets , his front , and finally reached into his hoodie and pulled out a pocket knife . 
 the others stood calmly as if this was all normal . 
 josh pried the blade open with his thumb and forefinger , steadied the knife blade down , and scraped it along the floor . 
 the blade left blue light shining behind it , like black-lite paint . 
 i patted my pockets . 
 `` where 's my phone ? '' 
 i slurred . 
 `` i had a phone . '' 
 josh drew away from the glowing mark . 
 laurent ambled up , raised the bat , and brought it down . 
 the blue light flickered out . 
 josh scraped the knife against the floor again . 
 again , a line of light welled up where he 'd cut . 
 the light sharpened the lines of his face . 
 when the subtle blue combined with the dull glow of the flare , his eyes turned into black pools . 
 josh backed off . 
 laurent hit the glowing mark again . 
 sparks flew , and sizzled out . 
 the two looked like blacksmiths forging metal . 
 `` what 're they doing ? '' 
 i asked , pointing dumbly at them `` where 's my cell phone ? '' 
 `` it 's just a bug , '' amrith said . 
 he looked away from josh and laurent as they scraped and smashed the floor . 
 `` level zero has them just like the real world . 
 this is a simple one . '' 
 josh and laurent did their thing five more times . 
 the fifth time laurent 's bat struck the glowing brand , it did n't go out . 
 josh took out his knife , held it over the mark , and stabbed it down . 
 the mark blipped , and vanished . 
 just plain floor again now . 
 somehow , the interplay of light made me a bit sick . 
 and i had an uneasy feeling if i looked where josh had made the marks , i would n't even see a scratch on the floor . 
 `` now all the gates will shine brighter , '' amrith whispered . 
 `` we need to find gates because we just destroyed the old one . '' 
 `` what 's a gate ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i had a cell phone , a moto . '' 
 josh grabbed his flashlight and spun it up . 
 `` where 'd i put the pack ? '' 
 he muttered to himself . 
 he threw the light around until it hit a backpack tucked into the corner of the room . 
 the backpack was a black swiss gear , with a tiny red swiss cross glinting on the front . 
 laurent grabbed the bag by the straps , and unzipped the top . 
 he turned it over and shook the contents out onto the floor . 
 everyone bent down to pick the stuff up . 
 it looked like more road flares and some flashlights . 
 `` where 'd my cell phone go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` and my laptop ? '' 
 `` you did n't come with any of that stuff . '' 
 josh muttered . 
 something clicked in his hands . 
 another flashlight lit up in his hands . 
 he brought both under his face and showed a darkened smile . 
 `` welcome to level zero . '' 
 josh spun the flashlight around and handed it to me . 
 `` i had a cell phone , '' i muttered as i took the flashlight . 
 it felt heavy , with a thick rubber casing that absorbed the sweat on my palms . 
 i backed up and felt the wall on my back . 
 `` i had my journalism equipment . 
 my cell phone . '' 
 `` you left your apartment at one o’clock , '' lena said , looking down as she got her own flashlight working . 
 it flicked on , and she turned the beam to the floor . 
 `` you did n't even have shoes on . '' 
 she continued . 
 `` you walked about ten-k down to the parking garage of the etobicoke library . 
 then you waited there while a stalker man opened a gate . '' 
 why was lena lying ? 
 `` i went to the beach . '' 
 i said . 
 flashlights lit up in laurent and amrith 's hands . 
 `` you opened a gate and nearly got us all killed , '' laurent said . 
 `` look at your feet , '' amrith whispered . 
 i swung my flashlight down . 
 my shoes were gone . 
 on my feet , i wore only white gym socks . 
 dirt and dust had discolored the soles . 
 dark red and yellow flakes caked the line of my left foot . 
 blood and blisters . 
 but ... `` i went . 
 to . 
 the . 
 beach . '' 
 i nearly wailed . 
 `` stay calm , '' josh said . 
 i was calm . 
 i was so fucking calm right now i nearly screamed it at him . 
 i backed against the wall , shaking . 
 `` hey ? 
 hey ! '' 
 laurent shouted . 
 i did n't look up at him . 
 he grabbed my chin and pointed me at his face . 
 `` we 'll talk about this later , '' laurent said . 
 `` for now we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 i swallowed , screwed my eyes shut , and nodded . 
 getting out of here sounded like a very good idea . 
 laurent let go of my face . 
 `` we 'll go one hundred rooms out , then meet back here , '' lena said . 
 everyone nodded . 
 `` laurent stays here with this guy . '' 
 `` name 's sam , '' i mumbled . 
 `` stays here with sam , '' lena corrected . 
 `` i 'll bring you up to speed , '' laurent sighed . 
 lena , amrith and josh each headed through a different doorway . 
 their footsteps quickly faded out . 
 my feet hurt . 
 i crouched , stumbled , and sat down against the wall . 
 i clicked off my flashlight and buried my face in my good hand . 
 laurent sighed . 
 he paced around a bit until placing his flashlight so it stood up on the ground . 
 then he sat down as well . 
 he folded the bat across his knees like a samurai with his sword . 
 `` we 've been looking for you since last night , '' laurent said . 
 `` i 'm sorry i punched josh , '' i said . 
 laurent shrugged . 
 `` he was a dick . '' 
 `` he feels bad though . '' 
 laurent continued , looking around the room with a casual vigilance . 
 `` so do i . 
 if we 'd checked the seal then the stalker man could n't have set that trap for you . '' 
 more crazy lingo for more crazy things . 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` i think we 're even now , '' laurent said . 
 the road flare in the corner made little gasping noises . 
 the red light flickered , leaped , and finally fizzled out to a glowing red dot . 
 soon , it was just an afterimage . 
 we sat in the dark . 
 laurent 's flashlight gave the only light . 
 black walls on black shadows -- it confused my eyes , made the walls do funny things . 
 it almost looked like they were breathing . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` a stalker man marked you , '' laurent said . 
 he shifted his position . 
 his bat lost balance on his knees , and dipped toward the ground . 
 laurent snatched the bat . 
 his hands flew so fast you 'd think the thing was made of dynamite . 
 carefully , he settled it back on his knees and continued . 
 `` and now he wants to finish the job . 
 he can control you to an extent , but we have ways of countering that control . '' 
 `` what is a stalker man ? '' 
 i asked . 
 laurent told me . 
 the stalker men were a manifestation of level zero . 
 like level zero , they were junk data : random bits of physical laws that formed a rudimentary consciousness by intersecting at just the right place . 
 the stalker men were different from anything on earth . 
 no cells , no thought , no emotion we could grasp . 
 they experienced reality on a different level . 
 creatures of information , they had no discernible language , no writing , and no contact with anything except themselves and the insides of level zero . 
 they were , fundamentally , alien . 
 they could alter level zero : turn the temperature down , stretch the walls to vistas exceeding the known universe , bend space , or delete it quietly out of existence . 
 they were all-powerful inside this world . 
 no one knew what powers they held in the real world . 
 as long as they had access to an unsealed gate , they could technically do anything . 
 but usually , they did not enter the real world , they did n't bother humans . 
 probably did n't even know we existed . 
 but sometimes ... sometimes , the stalker men marked people . 
 no one knew why , but the people who did get marked always behaved the same way . 
 the stalker men lured them into level zero for short spells , and their human victims slowly suffered the inevitable symptoms : delusions , altered consciousness , and eventually , complete disappearance inside the black , lightless halls of level zero . 
 most people did n't reappear after a stalker man had marked them . 
 `` but , '' laurent assured me . 
 `` we are n't most people . 
 we can fight them . '' 
 `` with baseball bats ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 i wrapped my arms around my stomach and shivered . 
 my stomach panged . 
 i 'd probably get diarrhea tonight -- standard response to stress . 
 `` we know how to use bugs . '' 
 laurent said , oblivious to my intestinal distress . 
 `` and we discover more all the time . 
 the stalker men ca n't learn -- we do n't think . 
 so that gives us an advantage . '' 
 `` bugs ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they 're like these glitches in physics -- in the rules , '' laurent said . 
 `` we 'll have to show you later . 
 see , when we discovered level zero we also discovered that we could -- '' `` walk on air ? '' 
 i interrupted . 
 i heard a grin in laurent 's answer . 
 `` we can do a bunch of stuff . 
 like , superpower shit . 
 it 's thanks to this one guy , haze . 
 he knows everything . '' 
 i half-listened . 
 i put a hand down on the floor and tried to lie down . 
 but it felt too uncomfortable -- the floor was too warm , like a toilet seat just after someone leaves it . 
 so i got back up and played with my flashlight , clicking it on and off . 
 `` you 'll probably meet haze one day , '' laurent trailed off . 
 he rapped his fingers on the walls . 
 i did n't think laurent was lying -- at least , i did n't think he was knowingly lying . 
 but even after seeing him suspended in the air , i still did n't want to believe he could do superhuman shit . 
 it was n't my concern anyway . 
 i did n't want to be superman . 
 i wanted to blog . 
 that was it . 
 `` so , you believe leafs and sens last week ? '' 
 laurent asked . 
 `` i ca n't watch leafs hockey anymore , '' i said . 
 `` it pains me . '' 
 laurent clucked his tongue at me . 
 we sat in the dark . 
 sometimes , far off , i heard a sound like groaning metal . 
 sometimes -- closer -- i heard a sound like creaking wood . 
 laurent was n't bothered , so i did n't worry either . 
 `` are n't they taking long ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` dunno , '' laurent said . 
 he reached for his flashlight and flashed it onto his wrist . 
 the light shone off an expensive leather watch . 
 `` dunno . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i saw things , '' i said . 
 `` back there . 
 it was like a dream . '' 
 laurent was silent . 
 he flipped the flashlight beam up again , and placed it back on the ground . 
 the light stood a little farther from him now , so i could only see the edge of his knee . 
 then he spoke . 
 `` haze thinks they can read your mind . 
 they try to lull it into a false sense of security so you 'll go along with them . 
 what did you see ? '' 
 i ignored the question . 
 i put my palm on the warm floor . 
 i could n't feel anything -- no rush of underground water , no vibrations of passing traffic . 
 as far as i knew , there was nothing beneath this ground . 
 and josh 's knife had n't left any marks on the ground . 
 i was sure of that . 
 so sure i did n't even bother checking . 
 this place was immune to us . 
 but then what lay beneath the ground here ? 
 and how high did the ceiling go until breaching a surface ? 
 was there even an up or down here ? 
 when you got right down to it -- what was this place ? 
 `` the thing is though , '' laurent began , '' stalker men do n't get human emotions , so they 'll put weird combinations in . 
 like , a vagina with lasagna in it . 
 that 's a good way to tell a stalker man is messing with you . '' 
 `` the stuff i saw was stuff i wanted . '' 
 i said . 
 no emotion in what i said . 
 `` it 's probably a smart one then , '' laurent commented . 
 `` shit luck . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` they 've been gone a long time , '' laurent said to himself . 
 his fingers drummed the bat , making a hollow , silvery thrumming . 
 hhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . 
 a distant roar like clashing glaciers howled through the endless halls . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i grabbed my flashlight and turned it on and winced ; the light stung my eyes . 
 i stumbled to my feet . 
 `` relax , '' laurent said . 
 i swung the beam at him . 
 it spilled over his face and retarded yellow sack-hat . 
 he hissed . 
 `` ah man what the fuck ? '' 
 `` just checking that you 're not a stalker man , '' i said . 
 the light in my hands shook . 
 my stomach cramped . 
 `` hey we 're safe . '' 
 laurent 's eyes screwed up and i lowered the light . 
 i did n't believe him . 
 i paced across the room , holding the flashlight to the ground like cops hold guns in movies . 
 `` we broke the gate in time to seal if off . '' 
 lauren said . 
 `` it 'll take ages for it to get back into level zero , and unless it has a gate to anchor itself to , it 's powerless . '' 
 laurent mumbled something . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 laurent 's clothes rustled and he stood up . 
 `` nothing , '' laurent said . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 `` and that ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i backed into the wall . 
 `` what 's what ? '' 
 laurent asked . 
 `` that sound . '' 
 i said . 
 i reached across the wall . 
 my fingers found the beginning of a doorway -- a sharp angle cut into the wall . 
 `` it 's nothing , '' laurent replied . 
 i edged over to the doorway , and peered into the next room . 
 darkness . 
 even with laurent 's flashlight behind me , i could n't see . 
 i raised my own light into the doorway . 
 the beam disappeared with the dark . 
 i shivered . 
 light traveled about 300 000 kilometers per second . 
 if i could n't see it reflected back , then level zero stretched very , very far . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 a sound like homemade wind chimes rang down the rooms . 
 `` how do you not hear that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i hear it but i told you it 's nothing , '' laurent grunted . 
 he was still standing . 
 i could tell by where his voice came from . 
 `` put the light off . 
 the others will be back soon . '' 
 i lowered the light but kept it on . 
 i tossed it around the room , checking the doorways . 
 i strained to remember who went down the door beside me . 
 amrith , lena , or josh ? 
 why could n't i see them ? 
 a hundred rooms was n't that much , was it ? 
 `` please turn if off , '' laurent said . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 `` i do n't see anyone down here , '' i said . 
 `` do n't worry about it , just turn the light off . '' 
 laurent said . 
 i pointed the flashlight to him and he shielded his eyes . 
 laurent was holding his bat across his shoulder . 
 `` why do you have that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` protection , '' laurent said . 
 he spun the bat and held it down so the head hovered just above the floor . 
 `` i call it the circuit breaker . 
 although really it does nothing like that . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 i said . 
 the air grew thicker . 
 the room seemed smaller now ; i was noticing how the ceilings cut too low , and how the walls seemed to press in , not like a mindless thing , but like a creature trying to test its boundaries . 
 laurent felt too close as well . 
 i widened my feet . 
 my centre of gravity settled . 
 i tested the weight of the flashlight in my hand and the shaft of light jiggled . 
 `` please turn off the light , '' laurent said . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 i replied . 
 tap-tap-tap-tap . 
 `` guys ! '' 
 lena 's voice came muffled down the hall . 
 `` guys ! '' 
 laurent 's head perked . 
 my hand tightened around the flashlight . 
 tap-tap-tap-tap the sound of tapping feet came louder and louder . 
 i pressed myself against the wall next to the doorway . 
 i listened to the rising volume and made a guess . 
 my guess was : three seconds . 
 tap-tap-tap-tap . 
 two . 
 tap-tap-tap-tap . 
 one . 
 lena burst in breathless . 
 she did n't look dangerous ; i did n't jam the flashlight in her throat . 
 `` found one , '' lena gasped . 
 she put her hands on her knees . 
 `` forty-three down , twelve left , three right and thirteen left . '' 
 `` forty-three , '' laurent muttered . 
 `` hey sam , on second thought bring the light over here . '' 
 i relaxed , but i did n't let go of the light -- and i stayed behind them . 
 laurent and lena crouched over the emptied backpack and pulled out a notebook with a blue bic pen stuck through the spiral rings . 
 they wrote down lena 's numbers under the shine of my flashlight . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 the sound kept chiming in , but neither laurent or lena seemed to care about it . 
 after a few minutes josh and amrith came back . 
 lena told them about the gate , and they quietly packed their things into josh 's backpack . 
 `` come on , between us , '' josh said as we lined up . 
 `` you wo n't know how to look out for stalker men . '' 
 i said i 'd stay in the back . 
 in slow , single file , we trouped silently through level zero . 
 the dark was total . 
 laurent and josh each picked up the unused road flares . 
 but they did n't light them until we counted forty-three rooms . 
 then , josh lit his and threw it down . 
 lena led us down a new direction . 
 no one ever spoke . 
 and once josh had tossed the flare , one looked back to savor the light . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 the wind chimes grew louder as we walked . 
 i still did n't know what they were . 
 then , near the end of our route , i saw a cloud of dark purple lights glinting on the wall the cloud hung against a wall , waving faintly . 
 `` what are those ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they 're violets . '' 
 josh said . 
 he corrected himself . 
 `` at least we call them that . '' 
 `` they 're starting to grow again . 
 level zero becomes interesting other parts of the month , '' lena said . 
 `` you just caught it in its boring phase . '' 
 i approached the lights . 
 they hung impossibly in the air , about an arm 's length from the ground . 
 the individual lights looked fuzzy , like a lens flare in a photograph . 
 but as i got closer , i noticed the lights were flat planes . 
 or , like origami made of light . 
 the flat planes of light made little cups , like flowers , drifting back and forth to a wind i could n't see . 
 inside each cup was a spark . 
 the spark was the yellow , violent brightness of a lighting match , contained within a single point . 
 the sparks bounced inside the cups , and when it hit the light , it rang like a tin bell . 
 clink-clink-clink . 
 about twenty flowers hung on the wall , chiming their eerie music . 
 `` do you not realize , '' i said quietly . 
 `` how beautiful these are ? '' 
 the bells waved beneath my gaze . 
 behind me , someone coughed . 
 `` uuuhhh , '' josh said . 
 `` we 're physics majors , '' laurent said . 
 amrith patted my shoulder . 
 we continued down the halls . 
 finally we came to a set of rooms that burned with light . 
 lena took us around them and finally entered a room with a shining line in it -- a gate to the real world . 
 except this gate blazed brighter than anything i 'd seen before . 
 light like this would swallow the violets . 
 i shielded my eyes . 
 this line meant escape : it meant home . 
 my world might not be normal anymore , but i could at least eat a sandwich and watch tv before facing the otherworldly horrors . 
 `` we do n't know where this gate leads , but you ca n't run away from us when we get to the other side , '' lena said from my left . 
 `` you have to agree to work with us , '' amrith agreed . 
 `` and it 's in your best interest to do so , '' laurent added . 
 `` also please do n't punch me , '' josh said . 
 i nodded . 
 just ten minutes ago i 'd suspected laurent wanted to bash my brains in . 
 i still did , a little bit . 
 but the gate was here , and if they 'd wanted me dead , they could have done it . 
 frankly , i had no other option than to deal with them . 
 it was the only way i could work with my world changed . 
 i could n't do it alone certainly -- that had taken me to a parking garage , and to a memory i did n't want to relive . 
 it looked like i had some new friends . 
 we walked into the light . 
 # wind surged over us , driving into my chest and sucking out my breath . 
 it tore away my voice , knocked away my sense of balance , and roared inside my ears , making me deaf . 
 laurent shouted something next to me . 
 it sounded like ` shit . ' 
 i blinked my eyes open . 
 the sky flashed in my sight : dark blue sky , clouds crashing into each other like waves in a storm . 
 we stood on a square of light grey concrete spotted with a few metal boxes . 
 the boxes looked like air vents , communications equipment . 
 where was the horizon ? 
 buildings towered around us . 
 buildings with no bottom in sight . 
 no traffic , no pedestrians . 
 `` shit , '' i said . 
 i did n't hear myself . 
 we 'd landed on top of a skyscraper . 
 the evening sun slashed orange fire on the buildings around us -- a forest of glass and steel needles , encircled lazily by hawks , reaching -- shooting -- up to the crashing , churning clouds . 
 directly behind us , the cn tower loomed -- larger than anything . 
 it looked strange from such a high angle , almost alien . 
 a blue line at the top hub signaled the construction of the new tower walk i read about in the news . 
 over the lake , an orange sun blazed on the water . 
 i turned away but still felt the faint heat on my cheek . 
 my fingers curled up , pale and bloodless . 
 the wind was faster here . 
 it was colder too . 
 my body temperature was unravelling like a thread . 
 amrith hugged himself and bounced up and down . 
 josh tugged his hoodie tighter . 
 only lena seemed unbothered by the cold . 
 she surveyed the roof , and pointed to a concrete outcrop -- a door . 
 the door was industrial green , set in a concrete box at the corner of the rooftop . 
 it looked so safe . 
 so warm . 
 i took a careful step towards the door . 
 the wind snaked beneath my feet . 
 my feet wavered on the ground and i struggled to keep balance . 
 walking here was like walking on the ocean floor -- filled with currents and pressure . 
 this 'd make a good post for stranger danger -- i could call it `` as the hawk flies . '' 
 write about the urban jungle . 
 greg would get to use his camera . 
 someone shouted . 
 i did n't make out the words . 
 just kept on taking crude , clumsy steps towards the box . 
 the sinking sun cast long , thin shadows on the ground . 
 as we neared the box i saw a hint of traffic in the streets below . 
 i could n't see the people or cars in the light-blur , but i saw shadows -- small and distinct -- trailing after their owners . 
 the streets lay deep , deep down . 
 my mouth tasted sour . 
 lena got to the box first . 
 she grabbed the nickel-plated door knob . 
 she turned , pulled , rattled it , but the door did n't move . 
 this was not the brilliant escape i had in mind . 
 i edged closer to the box and the wind slackened . 
 the release swung my balance off . 
 i felt like a swimmer out of the ocean . 
 i fought not to fall on my ass . 
 `` no go , '' lena shouted . 
 she looked over at josh . 
 josh nodded and left the group . 
 he walked absurdly normal -- hands shoved into his hoodie pocket , head bowed like a dog smelling out tracks . 
 `` no picks ? '' 
 amrith asked . 
 laurent patted his pockets and shook his head . 
 the edge of the building was ten meters away , glowing in the light . 
 it pulled . 
 i felt the tug in my navel , and in my ear a sick little voice spoke . 
 it spoke so quiet i could hear it even in the deafening wind . 
 it asked , are n't you gon na do it ? 
 no . 
 no i was not . 
 you 're not even a little curious ? 
 i was not going to jeopardize my mental state -- not now . 
 you know you 're gon na look eventually . 
 fat fucking chance . 
 lena waved at me . 
 i looked away from the edge . 
 `` we 're gon na -- '' lena shouted . 
 the wind cut off the last of her sentence . 
 her dark brown hair whipped across her face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 amrith pointed to josh . 
 josh was waving from the other side of the building , away from the sun . 
 `` we 're -- '' lena began again but the wind cut her off again . 
 `` i ca n't hear you ! '' 
 i said . 
 i did n't hear myself . 
 lena scrunched her face . 
 she patted amrith 's shoulder and amrith shouldered past me . 
 laurent and lena followed him . 
 i looked at the sun-bleached edge again , and turned away . 
 i was smarter than that . 
 if i looked , i 'd panic . 
 if i panicked , i 'd be useless . 
 and i could n't be useless , not after waking up in that parking garage . 
 josh stood on the ledge on the other side , legs splayed and arms wrapped around his chest . 
 he turned slowly in the wind , observing something . 
 i caught up with lena , amrith and laurent . 
 laurent 's yellow hipster hat flapped out his back pocket . 
 his ironic beard and curled moustache had stayed though : i 'd half-expected them to blow away . 
 josh held out a hand and leaned over the empty space . 
 the wind blew his hoodie into a parachute . 
 his glasses shook against his forehead and he held them steady with the other hand . 
 he lowered his hips . 
 tensed his legs . 
 oh no . 
 josh jumped . 
 and landed on air . 
 we meet again , the voice announced . 
 shut up shut up shut up . 
 `` i 'm not going ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 the others did n't even turn back . 
 could n't hear me . 
 i ran after them and stumbled in the wind . 
 lena , laurent and amrith mounted the edge like it was a sidewalk curb , and casually walked onto the air . 
 they hung there , unmoving except for the wind tossing up their hair . 
 lena turned her head . 
 she waved me over . 
 `` i 'm not doing it ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 lena cupped her hand to her ear . 
 `` i said ! '' 
 i walked closer , `` i 'm not doing it ! '' 
 still nothing . 
 i walked closer . 
 `` i said ! '' 
 i screamed , `` i 'm not -- holy shit ! '' 
 deep drop . 
 sheer drop . 
 why was i so close ? 
 welcome back fuckwad . 
 the wall of the building loomed great , flat , and impossibly wide . 
 below , toy cars weaved the streets and tiny tops of hair trickled like sand in an hourglass down the sidewalks . 
 it played with my senses . 
 it made me feel it was right-side up and i was hanging off of it like a little kid . 
 and then , when i got used to that , it switched again . 
 now the wall loomed in front of me . 
 i was an ant standing in front of something larger than i 'd ever seen . 
 and the height . 
 the yawning sensation of physics wanting you dead . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 lena shouted . 
 josh looked side to side , like a dog sniffing out a dead thing . 
 he looked down , tensed his legs again . 
 jumped . 
 josh landed a meter below the edge , safe and still on the air . 
 `` i 'm finding the bugs , '' he shouted at me . 
 `` listen to lena ! '' 
 `` come on ! '' 
 lena rolled her fingers . 
 the invisible plane of non-gravity continued to hold her up . 
 i closed my eyes and raised my foot to the ledge . 
 fuck it . 
 i jumped . 
 i hung in the air for an impossibly long second . 
 i worried the wind would sweep me away , blast me into the streets and a pile of mashed organs . 
 but then i felt the tug of gravity . 
 and as my feet drew level with lena 's , it stopped . 
 i did n't feel a landing , or any hint of a surface -- i just stopped moving . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 lena smiled . 
 amrith bit his lip and nodded . 
 `` we call this type of glitch a platform ! '' 
 lena shouted . 
 `` easier to say than invisible floor ! '' 
 i looked down . 
 i wish i did n't . 
 amrith and laurent jumped down to josh 's level . 
 josh bent down and pulled something from his hoodie -- the pocketknife he 'd used back in level zero . 
 he flipped it open . 
 the sun flashed in the steel . 
 josh held it down . 
 `` and this -- '' lena grabbed my hand and pulled me down to the lower platform . 
 i felt a bit dizzy -- like i had two bodies moving at different speeds -- but when my feet planted down i felt better . 
 josh ran the knife along the air . 
 a blue line glowed where it went . 
 he curved the line and made it pierce itself . 
 the sigil flashed , and turned a deep , dark red . 
 josh put his hand on the mark . 
 `` what does -- '' i began , and stopped because i was screaming too hard to think . 
 colors flashed and i realized they were buildings blurring in our speed . 
 i could n't hear myself . 
 i could n't hear anything . 
 i thought my eardrums burst . 
 the landscape drifted with sickening speed . 
 we passed the sun and its superheated shine blazed all the vision out my eyes . 
 all i saw was the shadows of the others -- crouched in place . 
 only laurent moved . 
 he gripped his aluminum bat , held it ready , and looked at josh . 
 josh nodded . 
 he took away his hand . 
 the symbol he 'd carved glowed in the air like a sickness . 
 laurent brought the bat down . 
 the sign turned blue . 
 and vanished . 
 my vision blackened . 
 i saw blue skies . 
 then green trees . 
 then silver light . 
 sound came back . 
 i heard the roar of wind in my ears . 
 i could n't breath . 
 the trees were getting closer . 
 # `` we call that glitch ` dropping '' ' lena said . 
 the forest around us hummed with buzzing insects . 
 tiny green bugs spiraled up and corkscrewed down . 
 birds tweeted , squirrels rustled , and a deer ran very , very quickly from us . 
 in the distance , freeway traffic rumbled . 
 i looked at the tree we 'd crashed into . 
 the poor thing bent onto the ground -- the trunk a pulp of splinters and ruined wood . 
 a deep score marked the earth where we 'd kept going until grinding to a halt . 
 josh said we 'd fallen about half a kilometer out of the sky , with the accumulated speed far exceeding normal terminal velocity of a hundred miles per second . 
 and yet , when we 'd pried ourselves out of our landing-hole , my clothes were n't even ripped . 
 my soft white t-shirt still held its immaculate color , and my dark blue track pants still smelled slightly of clean laundry . 
 my socks were the only part of me that had suffered . 
 they 'd turned muddy and twiggy on the forest floor . 
 i looked at them disgusted . 
 they squelched in the dirt . 
 my feet hurt . 
 i looked around and found a thin white log scoured with yellow-brown fungus . 
 i hopped over and sat down on it . 
 `` see , '' lena began . 
 `` laurent says that there 're these things called gluons . 
 they do n't exist in level zero , so when you twist a gate you can sort of make the world forget about them for a while . 
 then when we turn physics back on we remain sorta immune to kinetic damage until our external force is equalized . '' 
 `` you 're so good at sounding smart lena , '' laurent said from the ruined tree . 
 he dangled from a tree branch that now stuck vertically in the air , a foot above the ground . 
 he dropped , and thunked onto the dirt . 
 lena gave laurent the finger . 
 amrith was throwing up in a bush a little way away . 
 for the past five minutes he 'd done it in quick , business-like hurks . 
 when he finished , he came out of the bushes and spat the last of it against a tree . 
 `` so anyway we 're a bit boned , '' laurent told me . 
 `` i think we landed somewhere near newmarket . 
 normally we 'd open up a gate and get back by walking through level zero , but i do n't think there 's enough action here to do that . '' 
 my socks would be ruined after this , i concluded . 
 when i got home , i was going to buy a big bag of socks . 
 fresh socks , ripped right out from the packaging with the scent of polymers still clinging to the fabric . 
 that was just excellent stuff . 
 `` uh , i saw josh on the phone . 
 we might be able to get a cab . '' 
 amrith mumbled , wiping his mouth . '' 
 i 'd go with grey socks . 
 the fancy ones with the padding at the heels for extra odor absorption . 
 not that i had an odor problem . 
 laurent shook his head . 
 `` man you do those crazy backflip things but you ca n't take a little drop . '' 
 `` it 's different , '' amrith said , coughing . 
 `` very different . '' 
 `` amrith and lena do this crazy parcour stuff , '' laurent mentioned to me . 
 `` that was actually how we got them . 
 see we needed some fit people to run some tests in level zero while josh and i -- '' `` i 'd like new track pants too , '' i murmured to myself . 
 `` roots has good ones . '' 
 lena , amrith and laurent looked at each other . 
 `` you okay man ? '' 
 laurent asked . 
 `` i 'd like new socks , '' i said to the ground . 
 `` when we get back to toronto . '' 
 `` ... cool . '' 
 laurent said . 
 he looked at lena and shrugged . 
 `` socks are cool . '' 
 `` oh man , '' amrith clutched his stomach . 
 he turned and stumbled back to the vomit-bush . 
 far away , josh railed on a cell phone . 
 `` we 're right on off-ramp . 
 you ca n't miss it . 
 no . 
 no . 
 we were just -- no . 
 come on ! '' 
 i took a big breath of woody , loamy air . 
 the air had flavor out here , with a bitter edge from the highway exhaust . 
 it was getting dark . 
 the rim of the sky blazed orange , but the dome was darkening . 
 an impossibly thin crescent moon hung small and distant above us . 
 the woods hid the setting sun . 
 i could almost see the stars . 
 `` um , '' lena said . 
 `` so , your stalker man -- '' my stalker man ? 
 `` we probably confused it when we broke the gate . 
 i 'd guess you have about a month , maybe more time depending on how smart it is . '' 
 laurent sat down in the leaves . 
 twigs snapped under his ass . 
 in the distance , josh swore himself hoarse . 
 he finished the call with a reedy , `` fuck you ! '' 
 and almost threw the phone away . 
 josh stalked towards us wordlessly . 
 `` so before that we 're gon na have to meet haze , '' lena told me . 
 she held her hands clasped like a doctor delivering bad news . 
 behind her , josh sat down and glowered at the dirt . 
 `` we 'll explain everything , and then he 'll tell you how to undo the mark . '' 
 `` we just fell . 
 from half the height of the cn tower . 
 my socks are dirty , '' i said . 
 i lifted a leg for emphasis . 
 `` you 've got ta cut that out soon , '' josh said . 
 `` it 's only gon na get weirder . 
 a drop is nothing . '' 
 `` fuck ! 
 youuu ! '' 
 amrith called from the bushes . 
 `` anyway i managed to get a cab , '' josh said . 
 `` two of them . '' 
 `` we 'll be in touch , '' lena said . 
 `` we 'll bring you to haze on saturday . 
 before that you 'll have to get some things . '' 
 `` socks . '' 
 i said . 
 `` alright , i 'm not riding with this guy , '' josh said . 
 # i thought about level zero on the ride back . 
 it beat amrith and lena , talking alternately about parcour , internet memes , and the release of mass effect 3 . 
 `` you know the best name ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` german . 
 german shepard ! '' 
 amrith laughed . 
 he slapped his thighs which i thought was a bit overboard . 
 but then again , he 'd carefully positioned himself next to lena on the way over , inviting me to take the cab 's shotgun seat . 
 the cab driver snorted at me as i entered the car . 
 my dirty socks and overall glazed expression did n't invite much respect i guess . 
 i ignored him , and did my best not to let the dirt scrape off into the car . 
 level zero -- laurent said -- was an alien world . 
 dark and different . 
 it had its own rules , and developed by its own laws . 
 its creatures were strange -- more thoughts than matter . 
 humans were not exactly welcome , and neither were our physics . 
 and now , according to laurent , the stalker man that had marked me was wandering the real world . 
 it had no power . 
 it could n't see , hear , or move anything without access to a gate . 
 it would wander the city blind , deaf , and dumb , until it found a gate to enter until then , i could prepare . 
 i could wander level zero in relative safety , i could learn from lena , laurent , and the others . 
 `` urdnot just has style though , '' amrith said from the back . 
 `` urdnot shepard kicks ass , '' lena agreed . 
 we came closer and closer to toronto . 
 the highway stretched awesomely flat , like god 's kitchen table , in front of us . 
 a row of power-stations followed us . 
 the stars were out , bigger and brighter than anyone saw in the city . 
 dollars and cents added in orange light on the cab 's dashboard . 
 `` commander shepard never retreats , he just attacks in the opposite direction . '' 
 the city loomed ahead of us . 
 i could see the cn tower already . 
 the cab 's clock read 11 : 03 pm . 
 i 'd have to take the last go bus back to my place at long branch . 
 level zero and the stalker men were becoming a task in my mind -- another check on a to-do list . 
 that felt good . 
 it felt normal . 
 it felt like i could end this wierdness and go back to blogging . 
 and i had people to help me now . 
 i just wished they were a little cooler . 
 it was easy to place confidence in james bond . 
 a set of gamer athletes not so much . 
 `` when commander shepard does his taxes -- '' lena began . 
 `` commander shepard does n't do taxes . '' 
 amrith cut in . 
 `` he 's a spectre . '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 this one 's funny . '' 
 it 'd be a long ride back home . 
 i closed my eyes and thought about stalker men . 
 and about violets made of light . 
 chapter seven : alpha gate `` this knife , '' i said to the woman at the booth . 
 `` is it sharp ? '' 
 the woman at the engraving booth wrinkled her nose and adjusted her gold , bottlecap lenses . 
 an open nicholas sparks novel lay face down on the glass counter . 
 the woman took a long look at it , like an alcoholic looks at a misty bottle . 
 then she looked back at me . 
 `` i think i need a sharp knife . '' 
 i said . 
 `` they sell swords in chinatown , '' the woman said . 
 i nodded , dimly aware that this woman had just zinged me . 
 around me , square one shoppers bustled . 
 mall sounds replayed on an endless track : crying babies , clapping feet , and peppy store music . 
 square one was the largest mall in ontario . 
 about seven years ago , it exploded onto mississauga like a gigantic capitalist boil grown out of stucco . 
 i did n't like it ; most of the stores sold clothing , and you could find that at wal-mart . 
 but i 'd stepped the teb financial building overlooked the mall , and going downtown would take too much time . 
 i clocked out of work early this friday to pick up a pocket knife . 
 josh told me to . 
 more specifically , he 'd messaged me on facebook . 
 we meet haze at eight . 
 were going to lakeshore first to show you something . 
 get a knife for your lesbian self . 
 do n't make it one of the stupid red swiss ones . 
 i did n't know how to buy knives . 
 i did n't know where to buy knives . 
 for an hour i 'd trekked through the consumerist maze before finding the booth called things engraved , an engraving booth that engraved stuff from their stock of picture frames , pocket watches , water bottles , pens , toy cars , statuettes and , yes , pocket knives . 
 the knife i pointed to was not a stupid red one . 
 it was translucent blue plastic , like my first usb stick . 
 a single silver blade cut through the plastic . 
 a white swiss cross stamped one end of the handle . 
 the price tag said $ 15.99 . 
 not bad . 
 `` i think i 'll take this knife . '' 
 i concluded . 
 i took a twenty from my wallet and brandished it at the engraver lady . 
 the lady blinked slowly . 
 `` what do you want engraved ? '' . 
 `` i need it engraved ? '' 
 the woman pointed to the sign that read `` things engraved . '' 
 i realized i had been zinged yet again . 
 `` ... alright , i know exactly what to do , '' i said . 
 the woman raised her eyebrows and i gave her the inscription . 
 while i was supposed to be working , i 'd instead searched the internet , googling bugs , glitches , and quantum physics . 
 i wanted to grasp level zero . 
 i wanted to know what it did -- or what my new friends thought it did . 
 but while i blazed through cyperspace , i 'd also found something else : ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → b a the konami code : the grandfather of video game glitches . 
 in an ancient sci-fi shooter called contra , it turned the player 's 2d spaceship into god . 
 the game was impossible to finish without the code . 
 i figured the level zero crowd would dig it . 
 the lady handed me the knife in a blue polyester bag . 
 i did n't take out the blade to check the inscription because something told me normal people did n't open knives in public . 
 i pocketed the bag instead . 
 i left through the mall 's west entrance . 
 it was a cold out . 
 for the past week we 'd sweltered under sudden humidity with an unseasonal twenty-five degree heat wave . 
 now , the thermometer had swung down just in time to fuck everyone 's weekend plans . 
 i heard on ctv that sunday would have a low of seven degrees . 
 complete bullshit . 
 my white pontiac waited for me in the middle of a deserted lot outside the zellers . 
 no one used the lot , since it sat fifty metres farther from the mall . 
 i beeped the car open as i approached , and noticed that my walk had more confidence in it . 
 was this the joy of knife ownership ? 
 i yanked the car door shut , swore , and rubbed my white hands together . 
 the dashboard still had some residual warmth left , and i pressed my palms against it . 
 when my hands had warmed , i pulled the blue bag out of my pocket and upended its contents on the passenger seat . 
 the knife dropped out . 
 i picked it up . 
 it felt lighter than a knife should . 
 i flipped it around in my hand . 
 the knife was just a bit shorter than a pen . 
 it felt like a toy . 
 i pulled the blade out with my thumb . 
 a smooth , stainless-steel paddle emerged from the handle . 
 the konami code shone along its side . 
 i folded the knife and slid it into my back pocket . 
 i flung the blue bag into the well of the passenger seat and started the car . 
 the engine hummed under the dashboard and hot air blasted out the air vents . 
 my eyes shone in the rearview mirror : cold , hard , icy blue . 
 i looked away , and gunned the engine . 
 # i spotted josh and lena outside the parking garage at my building . 
 josh sat on one side , lena stood , stretching her calves against a wall , on the other . 
 i 'd never told them where i live . 
 josh spotted me first . 
 he raised a hand , and called to lena . 
 lena spun around , waved , and hopped onto the street . 
 i rolled down the windows . 
 josh passed me without a word and pulled the passenger door to my car open . 
 lena took the shotgun seat . 
 `` took you long enough , '' she said . 
 `` did you get the knife ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember telling you to meet me here , '' i said . 
 i clicked the transponder clipped to my rearview . 
 the door to the parking garage rose . 
 `` knife , '' josh said . 
 he held out his hand . 
 i took out the pocket knife and slapped it into his palm . 
 josh drew it to eye level . 
 `` you got a swiss one , '' he announced dourly . 
 `` so you 're gay ? '' 
 `` i got a single-blade like you asked . '' 
 i said . 
 i rolled into the parking garage . 
 it was mostly empty this early in the afternoon : just claustrophobic concrete pillars and orange lights . 
 i turned through the narrow lane -- my space was at the end of the garage , near the elevators . 
 `` not that it 's bad to be gay , '' josh continued . 
 he pulled open the knife . 
 `` ten percent of the world is -- the fuck ? 
 what 's this shit on the knife ? '' 
 `` the -- the konami code . '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 've heard of it ? 
 right ? 
 lena ? '' 
 josh held out the knife to lena . 
 she looked at it and shrugged . 
 `` you people , '' i breathed . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` drop your stuff and get back down here . 
 we 're going to a park , '' josh said . 
 # i followed josh and lena 's directions down the queensway and onto lakeshore . 
 they were leading me to a place called bay park . 
 i google mapped the place before i left . 
 bay park was a tendril of land , shaped a bit like a runny inkblot . 
 it jutted out of the city , splashed across the water , and quickly fell into the deep , dark blue of lake ontario . 
 we took lakeshore to get there . 
 after a long drive , the neighborhoods dropped away . 
 and we had a clear view of the lake shooting across the horizon . 
 just about the time we entered the outskirts of toronto , josh pointed out the park . 
 `` go up there . '' 
 i glanced over . 
 it always bothered me that any suitably large area of grass can be called a park . 
 bay park was no exception -- a peninsula of turf bordered by a thick copse of trees and lots of rocks to prevent erosion . 
 a thin bridge of wooded turf connected the park to land . 
 i turned onto the bridge and the road became gravel . 
 it curved gently towards the main body of the park . 
 pebbles pinged the underside of my car . 
 bay park 's parking lot was a gravel square spray painted with yellow parking lines . 
 it could hold about four cars . 
 luckily , it was empty except for a green garbage drum in the middle of the painted lines . 
 i stopped the car . 
 the tires skidded on the gravel . 
 lena said . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 i got out . 
 the cold lakefront air bit through my jacket . 
 the sound of water lapping rocks came loud and clear here . 
 it was cold so close to the lake , and the air smelled rancid . 
 there were trees . 
 water . 
 squirrels probably having sex in the distance . 
 `` it 's nice ? '' 
 i tried . 
 i tucked my hands in my armpits . 
 `` very ... flat . '' 
 i took another whiff of lakefront air . 
 the smell . 
 granted , lake ontario was so polluted that if you tried to swim in it you 'd come out with a third mutant arm , but there was something beneath this lake-stench that twisted my stomach the wrong way . 
 lena and josh got out as well and led me through the flatness towards the water . 
 as we stepped onto the turf , my feet squelched in the grass . 
 the mud tugged at my heels like it wanted me to stay . 
 we neared the edge of the turf . 
 a thin strip of land , bordered by trees and a single-lane road , extended farther out into the lake . 
 the strip arched back after few hundred metres , back towards land . 
 `` before we meet haze we 've got to show you something , '' lena said . 
 we walked on the roadside . 
 the wind howled across the water . 
 seagulls shrieked , and squirrels rustled in the trees . 
 but beneath those tiny sounds , it was just the water and the stone . 
 lena , josh , the trees and i seemed transitory -- newcomers in a conversation that had gone on for a long , long time . 
 josh announced to me . 
 `` you ever wonder how we got into level zero in the first place ? '' 
 i still had n't fully acknowledged that level zero existed . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i thought you just entered using the line things -- the gates . '' 
 josh turned to me . 
 the wind ruffled his close-cropped hair and dangled the string from his hoodie . 
 `` we enter through the gates . 
 we open the gates , but the reason we 're able to do that is because of this place . '' 
 i nodded just to keep him quiet . 
 josh went on . 
 `` haze found this place . 
 then he found us . '' 
 josh kicked a pebble on the road . 
 it skittered across the other side . 
 he stopped , eyed another pebble , and lined himself up with it . 
 he kicked the pebble with everything he had , a perfect , fluid moment of rage against the tiny rock . 
 it flew across the road and into the narrow strip of grass beyond it . 
 it stuttered to a halt near some plastic nets keeping a mound of dirt from falling into the water . 
 `` haze is responsible for everything we do , '' lena said . 
 she looked straight at josh . 
 `` i also hate the guy , '' josh announced to the lake . 
 `` you hate everyone . '' 
 `` why do you guys keep calling him haze ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` does n't sound like a name a parent gives their kid . '' 
 josh smirked . 
 he tilted his head . 
 lena flared her nostrils . 
 he walked ahead of us . 
 lena sneered . 
 the expression came and went so fast i hardly saw it . 
 `` it 's a code-name . 
 we all have them . 
 mine 's bbq . '' 
 `` bbq ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they do n't have to make sense . '' 
 lena said . 
 the cold and the smell mounted as we neared the lake . 
 my chest felt sore . 
 maybe it was the view . 
 the land stood high enough for me to look down into the water . 
 about a hundred metres off , the light blue of the shallows suddenly plunged into a deep , dark grey . 
 lake ontario went about two hundred and fifty metres deep at its lowest point . 
 it looked a lot deeper from here . 
 `` you bought a change of clothes right ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did n't josh mention it ? '' 
 josh 's shoulders hunched . 
 the road entered a blotch of land with more grass , three trees , a weather-beaten park bench and a dark green garbage can with pink spray-paint scrawling a stylized ` p ' on the side . 
 even though we 'd been walking for only a few minutes , i already felt tired . 
 i looked at the bench as josh and lena trudged up the road . 
 the next bit of road lifted us higher and higher into the wind . 
 in the distance , waves sloshed against the rocks . 
 it may have been my imagination , but the sky seemed darker the longer we walked . 
 why did it smell so bad here ? 
 like rotting fish . 
 we reached the utmost extension of the land strip . 
 from here the road curved on , bending back to the main body of the park . 
 looking back , i could almost see the park entrance from here . 
 josh and lena walked to the very edge of the road . 
 below the road , a cliff plunged into the water . 
 rocks spilled against it to protect it from erosion . 
 there was something odd about the shape of the rocks at the very bottom , near the water . 
 the rocks sort of fell apart from each other , and they curved in a strange way , almost as if -- `` a cave ? '' 
 i asked . 
 lena nodded . 
 josh sat himself on the ground , and slowly removed his shoes . 
 he placed them side by side on the side of the road . 
 lena kicked off her sandals . 
 `` we 're going in ? '' 
 i asked , meaning `` you 're not getting me in there '' . 
 `` you 'll dry off inside , '' lena said . 
 `` it 's warm . '' 
 `` ... oh , '' i said . 
 `` cool then . '' 
 i pried off my own shoes . 
 josh raised an eyebrow . 
 i tossed my shoes off , shrugged off my jacket , and rolled my jean cuffs up to my knees . 
 this was just spelunking . 
 odd , but the type of oddness i breathed for stranger danger . 
 the cliff was made of flaky limestone . 
 worn grey rocks piled up around it . 
 the rocks did n't look sharp , but their skeins of slime looked slippery . 
 i grabbed the top of the cliff and tested my foot on the rocks . 
 they stayed . 
 i saw a clear path of rocks i could walk down to get to the cave . 
 i descended . 
 `` hey -- what , wait ! '' 
 lena said . 
 josh swore . 
 they followed after me . 
 i was already halfway down the cliff face by the time they positioned themselves properly for climbing . 
 a wave crashed against the rocks . 
 white foam slurred the shallow cave mouth . 
 a spray of water dotted the back of my shirt and soaked through to my skin . 
 josh and lena were having some trouble on an unstable outcrop . 
 lena was trying to leverage her weight against a crag in the limestone beneath the rocks . 
 the rocks smelled like dirt and bloody tin . 
 a thin green slime rubbed off of them and onto my hands . 
 out of nowhere , i remembered that caribou lived on slime up north . 
 i paused to bring a gooey hand to my nose . 
 i sniffed . 
 disgusting . 
 `` slow down ! '' 
 lena shouted . 
 `` it 's slippery ! '' 
 i snuck my foot between two rocks and lowered myself further towards the water . 
 i was almost level with the cave mouth . 
 during none of this did i remember the stalker man 's delusion . 
 and i 'd completely forgotten my worries about coincidentally going to a beach again -- the same place mentioned in that stupid labyrinth story . 
 i came down a few more feet . 
 my feet planted down on the rocks just above the water . 
 from here , the cave mouth looked large enough to admit a person if they crawled in on their knees . 
 the mouth was half-filled with water , so that person would need to get pretty wet . 
 it was darker now . 
 the clouds were a thick , dark grey that did n't make sense for the afternoon . 
 i edged closer to the cave . 
 ice-water swelled up and licked my heels . 
 i winced . 
 the lake burned cold . 
 when the water receded i could n't feel the soles of my feet . 
 my teeth chattered . 
 i clamped my mouth shut and the tremors spread down my back . 
 `` are we going in ? '' 
 i shouted up at lena . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lena answered . 
 she came down to my height . 
 `` i 'll meet you inside ! '' 
 josh yelled from above . 
 his feet stuttered on the rocks . 
 a free hand pawed for a new handhold . 
 lena sighed . 
 `` if my boobs get wet you 're not allowed to stare . '' 
 `` understood , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll kick your ass . '' 
 `` lena , i can get all the boobs i want on the internet , '' i said . 
 i was going to stare so much . 
 `` why do n't you go in first ? '' 
 i looked at the cave entrance . 
 it was n't so much a cave as a hole . 
 an ugly hole . 
 the rocks around it were draped with seaweed , plastic scraps , and flotillas of pine needles . 
 the waves poured in and out of it , like steady breaths . 
 when the water swelled in , i 'd have just enough air to keep my head dry . 
 `` the cold sucks , '' lena said . 
 `` but it 's not so bad once you get in . '' 
 `` i can see your nipples , '' i said . 
 lena 's foot rose . 
 she was in a perfect position to kick my kidneys out . 
 i hopped into the water . 
 cold . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 cold . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 cold . 
 `` fucking hell ! '' 
 i screwed my eyes shut . 
 think of boobs . 
 think of boobs . 
 just think of boobs . 
 the water knocked all the warmth out of me . 
 it pierced my clothes and turned my skin into numb , rubbery latex . 
 i flexed my fingers ; my tendons groaned like taught cables . 
 my knuckles hurt like drilled teeth . 
 boobs boobs boobs . 
 what were some good words for boobs ? 
 ta-tas , that was a good one . 
 `` into the cave ! '' 
 lena shouted . 
 in india they were mangoes . 
 i forced my eyes open and saw the cave . 
 i was right outside of it , and the cavern mouth gaped over my head like a monster ready to bite down . 
 tits , it had a nice , vernacular aspiration to it . 
 i grabbed at the entrance and slipped . 
 i tumbled farther into the water , up to my neck . 
 i thrashed my arms to stay up but i could n't feel them moving . 
 mandarin chinese had bo-bo , pronounced like bwoh-bwoh . 
 also man tou -- meaning bread buns . 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 i kicked myself forward . 
 i grabbed at the hole and stuck this time . 
 the water ebbed out and grimy , gritty crap washed across my neck . 
 it stank like blood and vomit . 
 i pulled myself further into the entrance . 
 my knees knocked against the rocks . 
 the ceiling snagged strands of my hair . 
 the walls of the hole hugged all sides of me . 
 i breathed in and my chest strained against stone . 
 the air tasted metal . 
 i could n't see anything ahead of me -- i was blocking out all the light . 
 i felt around . 
 the water sloshed around my shoulders . 
 my hands stumbled through the water . 
 could n't feel any rocks . 
 i bent forward . 
 gravity lurched . 
 my face hit water . 
 i recoiled . 
 hit my head on the ceiling . 
 a foot away , the floor fell away to nothing . 
 `` you 've got to turn around , '' lena said . 
 `` on your back . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did turn onto my back just to hear her better . 
 it was hard in the tiny space , but when i did , my stomach flattened out and let fresh air and light into the channel . 
 i saw lena 's head silhouetted at the mouth of the hole . 
 `` and now you have to go down , '' lena said . 
 `` when you hit the bottom pull yourself up the other side . 
 you have to be facing up or otherwise you wo n't be able to bend . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 lena explained as the water sloshed around my ears . 
 the depth below was a tunnel . 
 it went straight down for about two metres , and then rose into a shallow cave on the other side . 
 the tunnel was narrow , and the sharp curve below made it impossible to reach the cave by going down on your belly . 
 my nipples chafed against my shirt as i listened . 
 my neck strained to keep my head up . 
 `` you want me to go down there ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` yeah . 
 do n't hit your head . '' 
 lena said . 
 i fought to keep my head above the water . 
 cold water gulped my clothes . 
 it was in my underwear and i was pretty sure my dick had imploded . 
 i groped behind me and felt down . 
 the tunnel walls did indeed drop down , but i could n't feel a bottom . 
 it was narrow . 
 narrow enough that i would n't be able to come back up if there was just a dead end . 
 `` it 's easy once you get the hang of it . '' 
 lena said . 
 if i did n't get the hang of it i 'd die . 
 oh well . 
 i lifted my butt and angled my back on the drop . 
 a vertebrae wailed in the small of my back . 
 the water splashed as i positioned myself for the plunge . 
 i braced both arms at the start of the drop . 
 cold water went all the way down . 
 `` feel ahead with your hands , then when you feel the curve , pull up . '' 
 lena said . 
 `` uh , you 're sure you 're okay with this ? '' 
 i kicked off . 
 the water crashed into my ears . 
 i jammed my eyes shut . 
 pulled myself down . 
 cold shocked my face . 
 water jabbed inside my nose . 
 i wanted to cough it out . 
 could n't cough it out . 
 i scrambled further down . 
 i felt my upturned feet sink below the water . 
 i slid along the tunnel . 
 my shirt snagged a rock . 
 i resisted the urge to panic it off . 
 if i thrashed down here i 'd lose air . 
 i hit the bottom of the tunnel . 
 i felt it . 
 my lungs burned . 
 my head ached . 
 where was the curve ? 
 my air was draining fast . 
 my stomach contracted . 
 my diaphragm shuddered . 
 i coughed out a bubble . 
 i felt cold water on my lips . 
 i felt around some more . 
 my head scraped the back of the tunnel . 
 where was the curve lena told me about ? 
 i thrashed around blind . 
 my universe shrank to the size of my body . 
 pain points lit up like fires , the slow , withering burn in my gut , the inferno in my throat , the hard , sharp thunderclaps in my head and the tiny sparks in my chest as i whipped my arms inside the hole . 
 my hands snagged the roof of something . 
 i pulled . 
 my nose ground against rock . 
 i kicked , shuddered , and swallowed a scream . 
 more bubbles spewed out my nose . 
 i kicked kicked kicked . 
 my balance went off . 
 and i gasped . 
 air . 
 coughed . 
 wonderful air . 
 wheezed . 
 i could n't see anything here either , but i did n't need to . 
 i could breathe . 
 i waded around . 
 the water still reached up to my chest , but the ground turned up in a gentle slope . 
 the slope was made of sand and gravel . 
 i crawled up it and felt sediments slide into the water . 
 about two steps out , my head bumped against rock . 
 i put my hands out and felt empty space . 
 the ground continued up . 
 i got down and crawled until the slope evened out . 
 i came to dry rock . 
 it was close enough to the ceiling to make sitting impossible . 
 i could walk on my hands and knees at least . 
 it was dry , and not cold . 
 i heard a splash of water and a gasp behind me . 
 `` you made it ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she sneezed . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i said . 
 `` good . '' 
 lena coughed a big , hacking cough . 
 `` fuck . 
 i hate coming down here . 
 usually we just get josh to do it . '' 
 water slopped around in the darkness . 
 gravel shifted . 
 i felt lena crawl alongside me . 
 `` josh should be here soon , '' she murmured . 
 `` what 's this for ? '' 
 i asked . 
 wet clothes scuffed on dry rock . 
 something kicked my knee . 
 `` we 're going to teach you how to open gates to level zero , '' lena said . 
 `` then when we get out haze will tell you how to get rid of the stalker man . 
 after that , well ... we -- '' more silence . 
 i heard breathing . 
 a splash came from behind us . 
 josh gasped , and then implied that the cave 's mother was a prostitute . 
 `` you guys there ? '' 
 he called . 
 he sounded different now . 
 bigger somehow . 
 we answered back , and he waded over to us . 
 `` christ , '' he muttered . 
 `` okay . 
 sam , that you ? '' 
 `` that 's me , '' lena said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 josh answered . 
 a hand slapped my knee . 
 `` that 's me . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` good . '' 
 josh sat down on the sand and the dirt growled beneath him . 
 i felt his shoulder push against mine . 
 my other shoulder ground up against the cave wall . 
 he sighed . 
 `` so notice anything about the temperature ? '' 
 lena did n't answer . 
 i guessed it was a test for me . 
 i could n't think of anything . 
 `` notice how you 're not shivering ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 `` that water must be about two degrees and we 're fine right now . 
 `` comparatively fine , '' i admitted . 
 i 'd be happy about the temperature when my penis was n't awol . 
 `` i do n't know how this place works , '' josh said . 
 `` haze says he does but he 's an idiot . '' 
 josh droned on . 
 god he loved to talk . 
 `` the reason we can walk on air is because when you enter and exit level zero , the ` tags ' or attributes that your body has like gravity , size , and density , do n't work right . 
 you remember the rooftop last week ? '' 
 i 'd die remembering the rooftop , and the slow crawl along the horizon . 
 `` well with the right technique we could 've just walked straight across the air . 
 we did n't though because people would 've seen us and you would 've gone all screamy on us . '' 
 i snorted . 
 josh continued . 
 `` i can explain all of the bugs , '' josh said . 
 `` they make sense from a physics perspective . 
 at least what they think about gluons and everything over at cern . 
 i 'm going to skullfuck the physics world ; the stuff i 've learned from level zero will give us cheap power , instant computing maybe immortality at no cost . 
 level zero is going to save the world . '' 
 `` if i can figure out how this cave works . '' 
 josh muttered . 
 i blinked . 
 the total darkness was tricking my vision . 
 clouds of green , yellow and blue fire exploded on the ceiling . 
 i breathed in and the colours melted into each other . 
 `` this cave is sort of like a focal point , '' josh droned on . 
 his voice rumbled in the cave , picking up weird vibrations with the imperfections in the stone . 
 `` maybe because -- well whatever . 
 the point is , if there 's any proof that level zero is real , and that there are laws surrounding it , it 's here . '' 
 `` this is the alpha gate -- the first gate . 
 the one true way into level zero . '' 
 i felt above my head . 
 the ceiling was smooth , like pavement . 
 i remembered lena saying something about the islands being artificial . 
 was the island above built on concrete ? 
 and what would happen if the concrete fell ? 
 the rock beneath me felt warm now . 
 my palms tightened against it and my fingernails made light scratches on it . 
 i could n't hear my breathing . 
 i could n't hear anyone . 
 i blinked some more and the colours shifted . 
 `` just relax . '' 
 lena said from far away . 
 like lamplight in the fog , her words came out small , blurred and impossibly lonely . 
 `` haze says it 's all about your conscious state . 
 imagine that you 're breathing yourself out . '' 
 `` haze is retarded , '' josh interrupted , leaving out an unspoken `` and so are you . '' 
 his voice sounded closer , but still distant . 
 `` this gate is a natural law . 
 it 'll work whatever you do . '' 
 the colours in my eyes merged and sank and bloomed again . 
 my lungs strained to pull oxygen out the thick air . 
 in a sudden flash , purple dots popped across my vision , like the violets in level zero . 
 level zero was its own place . 
 it was its own ecosystem with its own life cycle . 
 and although it started as a dark hall of endless rooms , it had life . 
 my head felt full of cotton now . 
 i wondered , if a stalker man could control my actions , it could control others . 
 and if its delusions did n't work on me anymore , if i was too smart to fall for them again , then could n't it trick a few people i trusted ? 
 could n't it convince three people to go to a cavern no one knew about and to suffocate as they quietly used up their air ? 
 would n't it be a good trick ? 
 the cavern groaned . 
 `` ... that 's not supposed to happen . '' 
 josh said . 
 a vibration start in the rock , a buzz like the oscillations of a hummingbird wing . 
 my head hurt from contact with the rock . 
 i tried to lift it but it was so heavy now . 
 i tried to move my hand , but it weighed a hundred pounds . 
 the hummingbird became a sparrow . 
 my head rattled on the floor . 
 my body shook and all i could see was bursts of light in a dark cave . 
 and then the vibrations became like no living creature . 
 great , gigantic thumps that slapped the earth . 
 rock squealed . 
 momentum rushed through my chest and i , blind , wondered what it meant . 
 the sound built , and behind it the earth knocked a steady , growing beat . 
 thump . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 josh screamed . 
 thump . 
 the back of my heat was matted and sticky and warm . 
 i tried to breath . 
 no more air . 
 just fire in in my veins . 
 no room to scream . 
 thump . 
 the last thump ended everything . 
 i wondered if i 'd died . 
 for a while , my ears sang deaf-tones to my head . 
 the air was hot now , but i could breathe it . 
 my skin prickled and i flexed my fingers . 
 i could control myself again . 
 josh hissed , and he sounded very close again . 
 lena 's voice said . 
 `` josh . '' 
 `` i 'm checking . '' 
 something tapped the ground . 
 `` shit , '' josh whispered . 
 a quick scrape hissed in the silence . 
 a dot of light lanced up . 
 `` is it level zero ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 the flame dropped to a smooth , black floor . 
 the light did n't waver . 
 i waited for the flame to creep along the matchstick , turning the wood to black , but it did n't . 
 it just burned . 
 now that i looked at it , the flame looked almost crystalline -- not like a real fire , but like an out-of-focus light in a photograph . 
 `` feel for doors . '' 
 josh murmured . 
 before either of us could move , a slow , crunching sound pierced the blackness . 
 it sounded like rocks grinding . 
 i 'd heard that sound before -- at the construction pit . 
 `` shit , '' another matchstick hiss punctuated josh 's swearing . 
 three more tiny flames dropped in line at his feet . 
 maybe because of level zero 's strange brand of physics , or maybe because my eyes were so used to the dark , the matches illuminated a lot more than they should . 
 i could see josh and lena , the details of their clothes , the expressions on their faces all drawn long and thin by the flames . 
 josh held a plastic cylinder of matches in one hand . 
 the top end was screwed off , and rolled around his feet . 
 josh grimaced , and lit another match . 
 he threw it . 
 it landed a good six feet away from us . 
 the grinding grew stronger . 
 `` shit , '' josh hissed . 
 he threw out more matches . 
 the small , lonely lights drew constellations on the ground , and then an entire starscape . 
 as more and more matches hissed to life and flew to the ground , i realized something . 
 this room was much bigger than the chambers in level zero . 
 josh gave up on the matches . 
 he reached into his hoodie and pulled out a pocket knife . 
 the handle was long and curved like the hilt of a sword . 
 josh pulled open the blade and dropped to the ground . 
 the blade stabbed the ground . 
 blue sparks flew up `` we 're blocked . '' 
 josh whispered . 
 `` the thing fucking blocked us . '' 
 lena scanned the darkness . 
 `` there has to be an exit . 
 they ca n't get rid of them . '' 
 `` but they can stretch the rooms so far it wo n't matter . '' 
 josh said . 
 `` it could n't have known we were here . 
 they 're not this smart . 
 no one knows about the alpha gate . '' 
 the noises were louder now . 
 they came from everywhere . 
 the grinding sounded like the wheels of a tank , coming closer and closer . 
 `` earring ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` earring . '' 
 josh said . 
 lena undid one of the many gold hoops on her left ear . 
 the flames below us turned it into molten gold . 
 she tossed it at josh . 
 he caught it , took the knife , and scraped a line across the gold . 
 the gold turned white , burning-magnesium white . 
 josh shielded his eyes and grinned . 
 the noises stopped . 
 `` take that motherfucker ! '' 
 josh shouted . 
 `` he ca n't see us now , '' lena said . 
 `` damn straight . 
 did n't think we 'd have a cloaking program did you ! '' 
 josh bellowed . 
 `` oh christ in heaven . '' 
 the white turned bright and brighter until i could n't see anything . 
 my vision whited out . 
 `` ah shit ! '' 
 the white vanished . 
 bright blue sparks burst from the earring . 
 it tumbled to the ground and fizzled out . 
 `` no , '' josh whispered . 
 `` they ca n't do that . '' 
 the sounds came back . 
 it sounded like groaning now . 
 like whale-song fed through an electric guitar . 
 at the far reaches of the match-flames , a single mote of light glimmered . 
 `` shiiiiit . '' 
 josh seethed . 
 it rose into the air like a soap bubble . 
 the other lights began to glimmer as well . 
 at my feet , the fire slowly took on the shape of a pyramid . 
 the edges of the light flattened out , and it became a translucent triangle of pure light -- like the origami violets . 
 the lights bobbed against the ground , then rose . 
 they floated past my head , and vanished into the big dark of the room . 
 the lights left , one by one . 
 their flight illuminated the faces of josh and lena : arms twisted , legs bent for flight , hands grabbing at tools that no longer worked . 
 darkness now . 
 level zero had its own life cycle . 
 it had its own fauna . 
 and , i now realized , it had predators . 
 far away , two shining blue eyes flashed open . 
 chapter eight : predator `` what happened ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 i thought i was kneeling . 
 i was too dizzy to care . 
 my senses ran in circles ; i smelled darkness , heard blood , and tasted the vast , roaring silence of level zero . 
 `` where 'd it go ? '' 
 starbursts swam along my eyes . 
 i threw out my hands . 
 i felt for the ground , and it was there , just upside down . 
 i was lying down . 
 why was i lying down ? 
 `` sam ? '' 
 josh called . 
 `` lena ? '' 
 `` here , '' i croaked . 
 my voice sounded strange to me . 
 what just happened ? 
 pins and needles brushed over my skin . 
 blood rushed to my head . 
 slowly my sparking brain calmed down . 
 we were in level zero . 
 i 'd bitten my tongue . 
 the blood i tasted came from the bite . 
 `` guys ? '' 
 josh called again . 
 by his voice , i could tell he was standing , moving . 
 `` here , '' i said . 
 i heard faint footsteps . 
 something pointy nudged my ribs . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 i heard josh ask . 
 `` josh ? '' 
 i answered . 
 `` what happened to the stalker man ? '' 
 what stalker man ? 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` fuck . 
 hang on . '' 
 sssssch . 
 the scratch of a lighting match . 
 a tiny star of lemon-coloured light flickered above me . 
 it flickered along the lines of josh 's grim face . 
 i found my balance and pushed myself up . 
 my head swam , but the dizziness evaporated when i focused on the light . 
 just like before , the light illuminated more than a simple flame should ; instead of just showing josh 's hands , the light cast a circle around us . 
 josh grinned . 
 `` you know these are programs right ? 
 there 's like no oxygen in level zero . '' 
 josh held the light up to me . 
 it looked like a crystal sunflower . 
 `` cool huh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 and for the first time i realized he did think it was cool . 
 in near total darkness , josh ` s voice and gestures turned fluid and smooth , like a real human . 
 `` they work outside of level zero too -- a little bit . 
 if we can improve on it then it means free , no-emission light . 
 gon na win a fucking nobel . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 lena shouted . 
 lena came in from the darkness . 
 we turned to look . 
 unlike josh , the darkness muted lena . 
 daylight-lena moved strong and capable ; she stepped over park benches and moved through crowds like they belonged to her . 
 but now , she shuffled forward towards the light , stunned . 
 `` the cloaking program must 've kicked in late , '' josh said . 
 `` makes sense . 
 the stalker man probably interfered with it . '' 
 lena shivered . 
 she joined us around the light . 
 josh handed me the match . 
 `` let me check ... '' he backed away and patted at his pockets . 
 he hit something , and pulled it out . 
 i held the match as close as i could to my face without eating it . 
 it could have been my imagination , but when i breathed , the light seemed to swell . 
 once , through some random wikipedia-ing , i 'd seen a painting by the spanish painter el greco . 
 the painting showed a boy , lighting a candle between the still , solemn faces of an old man and a monkey . 
 it was an allegory for something , but all i cared about was the beauty of the light . 
 the way it shaped and softened the three figures , together in that lonely darkness . 
 the old man was a fool ; the monkey was a monkey . 
 they could see the flame , but they could not control it . 
 only the boy , cheeks puffed , cradling the flame within his fingers , could create and destroy the fire that revealed them to each other . 
 i held my breath . 
 the yellow light dimmed . 
 i held it for longer , and its centre darkened to a sunset orange . 
 i breathed out . 
 the light came back . 
 `` i hope amrith 's okay , '' lena mumbled . 
 `` we 're the ones that nearly died . '' 
 josh said absently . 
 `` fucking lucky we had the cloaking program . '' 
 `` i just hope he 's okay , '' she said . 
 she turned away . 
 the light added yellow blush to her pale cheek . 
 josh coughed . 
 `` now that the stalker man is gone we can open a gate . 
 sam -- you need your knife for this one . 
 now that it 's passed through the alpha gate , it 'll be able to open smaller gates for a little while . 
 you have about a month before it becomes useless . '' 
 i felt around in my back pocket . 
 my fingers found a plastic handle . 
 i pulled out my pocket knife , and flipped open the blade . 
 the matchstick 's light pooled into the ridges of the konami code . 
 `` just scrape it along the floor . '' 
 josh said . 
 `` that 'll open a gate somewhere within the gta . 
 just hope it 's not in the lake bottom or the subway tunnels . '' 
 lena coughed . 
 she rubbed her shoulders . 
 i knelt , flicking the matchstick away . 
 the matchstick dropped from my fingers and clicked on the smooth , black floor . 
 i held the blade down to the ground . 
 when the metal touched the floor , i felt no resistance on the blade . 
 it was like the invisible floor . 
 i dragged the blade . 
 blue light followed it . 
 it made a perfect , shining line . 
 beautiful . 
 i breathed out . 
 the dot of yellow light flared , and the light from the gate grew , outshining it , wiping it away . 
 # `` trees , '' josh scowled as we left the gate . 
 `` it 's nice here . '' 
 lena said . 
 `` oops -- dropped my pen . '' 
 i turned my head . 
 the sky hung on my left , an unspeakable drop into the credit river lay at my right . 
 below us , the concrete of the burnhamthorpe bridge accepted our feet as if it was the ground . 
 i heard tires bumping the metal partition topside the bridge . 
 we were standing at a ninety degree angle . 
 `` right in that tree . '' 
 lena said . 
 in the cold daylight , she was back to her old self . 
 spread shoulders , high head , air of ownership . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 she brushed a finger through her hair . 
 as she did , her hair went from pointing towards the bridge and fell to the left -- the down for the rest of the world . 
 it looked like a strong breeze had forced her hair down . 
 the three of us stood , sideways , on the north side of a concrete bridge on burnhamthorpe road . 
 i recognized the location : utm was near here . 
 the river flowed in a tree-lined valley beneath the bridges wide arch , drawing a shaky line south towards lake ontario . 
 gravel lines followed the river -- pedestrian paths -- lucky no one was out today . 
 the pathways ducked and snaked through trees that waved in the high wind . 
 josh stood farthest to proper ` down , ' on a grey-stained patch of concrete . 
 josh had changed back to normal too . 
 he hunched his shoulders and buried his chin in his chest . 
 `` we always end up in weird places , '' i said . 
 `` we can end up anywhere when you open a gate from within level zero , '' lena said . 
 i nodded . 
 there was a hard ball of fear in my throat , but i swallowed it down . 
 `` so how 's this work ? '' 
 `` we 've lost our referents , '' josh said . 
 he stomped up the bridge to me and surveyed the sun-gleamed railing on the right . 
 he shook his head at it . 
 `` it 's one of the two basic bugs we can use . '' 
 josh rolled his shoulders and headed towards the end of the bridge , where the concrete met the end of the valley . 
 lena and i followed josh to the end of the bridge . 
 i thought that i 'd be dizzy , but i felt fine . 
 for all appearances , i was still standing straight up . 
 the world had just turned sideways . 
 we walked to where the bridge narrowed to a slice of concrete against a wall of green turf . 
 i assessed the lumpy turf . 
 i held out my palm . 
 `` i would n't do that . '' 
 josh said . 
 gravity . 
 it kicked my in the stomach . 
 my insides lurched . 
 the sky spun . 
 the turf charged . 
 my nose hurt . 
 everything smelled like dirt . 
 i spat out a dead leaf and rolled onto my back . 
 cool grass prickled my neck . 
 lena , still on the bridge , knelt , braced her hands against the bridge , and pushed down to the ground . 
 she rolled onto the dirt and ended in a crouch on the ground . 
 she got up in a single , fluid motion , like it was no big deal . 
 i tried to push myself up . 
 my head went dizzy again . 
 josh got to the ground without lena 's grace but with all the efficiency . 
 he shuddered as he touched down , and jammed his eyes shut . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 josh asked the sky . 
 `` mississauga , '' i said . 
 `` near uoft 's mississauga campus . '' 
 `` in the sticks ? 
 figures uoft would be here . '' 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` undergrad in physics from waterloo , '' josh said . 
 `` masters in physics from ryerson . '' 
 `` ryerson has a physics department ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` i went to ryerson too , '' lena said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . '' 
 i rolled onto my stomach . 
 a twig poked my belly . 
 `` my car is still at that park is n't it ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 josh said . 
 `` and we need to get it back . 
 haze is at helen 's tonight -- that 's in north york . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` first things first . '' 
 josh gently kicked me in the ribs . 
 `` can we get a cab in your hick town ? '' 
 i grunted . 
 mississauga was n't my town . 
 `` i just work here . '' 
 josh called a cab company he had on speed-dial . 
 we hung out near the trees waiting for them . 
 with josh in his hoodie and with lena and her multiple ear piercings , i felt like a loitering teenager . 
 it did n't help that lena was doing acrobatics on the trees . 
 `` guys ! 
 watch this ! '' 
 she told us for the fifth time . 
 we watched her . 
 lena charged at a tree , jumped , and ran up the trunk like jet li . 
 she pushed off from the trunk , soared towards a branch , and caught herself on it . 
 her arms jerked from the impact , and stabilized . 
 her legs dangled five feet off the ground . 
 `` this is the hard part ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 she let go . 
 lena slammed into the earth , landing clean on her feet . 
 her knees bent , taking the force and stowing it beneath her feet . 
 lena breathed for a few seconds , and got up like nothing had happened . 
 `` think i can do a handstand on that other branch ? '' 
 lena asked , breathing heavy . 
 `` i think i can . 
 i 'm going to try . '' 
 lena ran towards another tree . 
 josh kicked my foot . 
 `` you take care of that knife . '' 
 josh said . 
 he patted his pockets and pulled out a wrinkled pack of cigarettes . 
 `` christ i wish i 'd saved a match . '' 
 `` i thought they were just programs , '' i said . 
 `` they 're matches and they 're programs . '' 
 josh said sullenly . 
 he flung the pack into the sidewalk . 
 the lid popped open and a single cigarette rolled inside it . 
 josh gazed raptly at the cigarette pack as if he was pondering getting up and chewing the nicotine out the tobacco . 
 behind us , lena shouted from some high-up handhold , `` guys ! 
 i 'm doing it ! 
 guys ! 
 take a picture ! 
 this is awesome ! '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked josh , tilting my head to the acrobat . 
 josh shrugged . 
 `` me and laurent needed people to go into level zero so we could do tests on the outside . 
 lena and amrith answered the ad . '' 
 `` you put an ad on craigslist ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` kijiji . '' 
 josh corrected me . 
 `` we wanted parcour specialists , since they can get out of tricky places . '' 
 like rooftops . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` guys ! '' 
 lena called . 
 `` this cab is going to cost about a hundred , '' josh sighed . 
 he pulled out his wallet . 
 `` i have twenty . '' 
 i sighed # traffic was bad on the danforth . 
 the cab ride over to bay park ended up costing 150 . 
 `` we 'll get the guys to buy you something nice at helen 's . '' 
 lena said as i handed a day of work over to the driver . 
 i slammed the door shut . 
 the dark blue cab -- quickly turning black as the sun set -- revved its engine and did a doughnut out of bay park 's gravel parking lot . 
 a stream of white , clay dust sprayed around its tires . 
 the pontiac sat in the middle of the lot where i 'd left it , looking lonely and dejected . 
 this was the second time i 'd abandoned it for level zero . 
 i patted the hood and beeped the car open . 
 `` i should 've worn a better jacket , '' lena murmured as she got into the back seat . 
 she turned her head looking for the seat belt and her earrings chimed together . 
 `` so what 's the deal with the jewelry ? '' 
 i started the ignition . 
 the car huffed to life . 
 the muted neon display blossomed at my fingers , and the heating kicked out a steady squall of warmth . 
 `` they have programs in them , '' lena said absently . 
 she clicked her seatbelt into place . 
 `` josh . 
 safety first . '' 
 josh wrinkled his nose . 
 i took the car out of the lot . 
 he told me to head north . 
 i took a few roads i knew . 
 josh and lena did n't speak for a long time . 
 they looked at each other a lot , and started to talk before stopping . 
 i ignored it . 
 i was thinking about stuff . 
 stalker man stuff . 
 i turned on the radio . 
 `` know this song ? '' 
 i asked as the radio tuned into chemical romance 's teenagers . 
 `` teenagers scare , the living shit out of me . '' 
 i sang until we reached the place . 
 josh and lena did n't join me . 
 they probably listened to house music or something . 
 it was full dark by the time we arrived at helen 's -- a dingy looking pub in a row of dingy-looking restaurants . 
 a row of parking spaces sat at the entrance . 
 i recognized laurent 's blue yaris on the farthest space . 
 `` this is sort of our headquarters , '' lena said as we got out . 
 `` the pizza is good . 
 they 'll put nachos on it . '' 
 i beeped my car shut and cast a long , speculating look at helen 's front door . 
 helen 's sat between an asian health spa place with a picture of a smiling woman in the window , and a barber shop that was closed . 
 the front was red brick . 
 a painted green door with a faded brass handle led the way in . 
 the place had no windows . 
 the entire row smelled like frying oil josh got out of the car . 
 shoving his hands into the pocket of his hoodie , he strode past me and lena . 
 rather than opening the door , he raised a dirty runner and kicked it open at the handle . 
 the door swung aside . 
 hot air and the smell of frying cheese burst from the dark , open doorway . 
 josh stepped inside . 
 lena and i followed him . 
 the inside of helen 's was even more sketchy . 
 in fact , the word crap-shack came to mind . 
 the place was small , with an acid smell and no paint job . 
 the walls were yellowed plaster , lit by bare , flickering bulbs -- the old kind where you could see the wires glowing inside the dusty glass . 
 i cast a long look at the place , wondering how a it managed to exist in the developed world . 
 music piped from hidden speakers ; sounded like jazz . 
 who would play jazz in a place like this ? 
 bare pipes in the ceiling , chipped wood , and the walls ... the walls were the strangest part of this place . 
 they were covered with scribbles from black magic-marker . 
 the markings spread everywhere , a babel of writings , drawings , and swear words . 
 the graffiti ran across every corner of the plaster -- sometimes neat and furtive -- alex we need g. in here , call me when you see this -- and sometimes crude and huge -- xoxo helen 's thanks for having us . 
 a shelf of ikea wood and punched metal was stabled to the wall near the door . 
 a stack of potatoes occupied the shelves . 
 the potatoes were also autographed in black magic marker . 
 the one closest to the edge of the shelf screamed at me with a winged skull , drawn expertly on the withered brown skin . 
 the place was empty . 
 old wooden tables and mismatched chairs lined the walls . 
 the chipped wooden furniture called to mind a junk yard . 
 duct tape bound the more decrepit items . 
 and at the very back of this ruined pub , i saw laurent and amrith , eating with a hobo from a plate of pizza that bordered on medical malpractice . 
 josh and lena led me over to the table . 
 laurent and amrith stood up as we approached . 
 `` made it safely ? '' 
 laurent asked . 
 `` had a close call . '' 
 lena said . 
 she pulled out the chair opposite amrith and sat down . 
 `` also i totally got the handstand right this time . '' 
 amrith nodded in approval . 
 `` this is the guy , '' laurent said to the homeless guy . 
 he cocked his head at me . 
 the hobo sat between laurent and amrith , and probably had some kind of crazy . 
 he wore his hair long , flat-ironed , and held back in a ponytail . 
 he had a beard . 
 it shot from his chin at a thirty-degree angle , and was flecked with pizza grease and dots of fried batter . 
 he sported a camouflage jacket , with pockets arranged like a mao suit . 
 the homeless guy slowly masticated the last bits of a pizza slice . 
 he moved his mouth in a slow rotation , like a horse going over grass . 
 he swallowed , picked something out his teeth with a crusty white fingernail , and grunted at me . 
 `` name 's haze . '' 
 this was haze ? 
 i do n't know what i 'd expected of the man who 'd discovered level zero , the man who was purported to have the wisdom i needed to save myself from the stalker man , and my blue eyes , that still haunted my reflection . 
 but for the discoverer of a new plane of existence . 
 more than derelict . 
 haze had the short , choppy movements of a paranoid , or a former addict . 
 the wide , rolling eyes of a madman . 
 if he 'd asked me for a dollar on the street , i 'd give him one out of pity . 
 josh took the seat in front of laurent , and i reluctantly sat down in the middle , right opposite haze . 
 `` hear you 've got a problem with a stalker man , '' haze muttered . 
 `` heard josh did n't seal a gate . '' 
 josh observed the floor . 
 `` always seal your gates , '' haze said . 
 he held a fist over his mouth and belted out a hacking , smoker 's cough . 
 a shining pizza sat in the centre of the table on a sheet of grease-soaked cardboard . 
 from all appearances , it had started life as a normal crappy pizza . 
 but then some enterprising soul had poured nacho cheese , chilli , and tortillas on top of it . 
 in addition , a few wilted california rolls lined the edges of the soggy crust . 
 the beads of rice inside were stained saffron orange . 
 haze wiped his beard with the back of his hand , and gestured for me to eat . 
 i shook my head . 
 he shrugged , and grabbed another slice . 
 a california roll rolled off and bounced onto the table . 
 he snatched the roll and popped it in his mouth . 
 he ate for a bit . 
 the others ate as well . 
 i smelled beer , and wondered if i could get some -- but no waiters came out . 
 out of nowhere , haze slammed his fist on the table . 
 the cutlery rattled . 
 `` stalker men are no joke ! '' 
 haze shouted . 
 `` they 're dangerous . '' 
 the outburst did n't effect the others . 
 they went on eating . 
 `` you 're in shit now , '' haze lowered his voice . 
 he leaned in close so i could see the follicles of his beard and the big , black-head dimples on his nose . 
 he smelled of nacho cheese . 
 `` but we 're going to teach you how to survive . 
 do you know what you have to do ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 haze slammed a second palm on the table . 
 the cheese wobbled on the pizza . 
 `` you 've got ta go down ! 
 you 've got ta go down there like captain ahab . 
 you 've got ta find your soul-item . '' 
 haze backed off . 
 he leaned back in his chair and looked up to the ceiling where a single light flickered above us . 
 i saw dust floating in the light , like flowers in level zero . 
 `` a stalker man , '' haze began quietly , `` takes a bit of you out to put a bit of it in . 
 you just got ta find that bit he hid away , then you 'll be whole again . '' 
 laurent , amrith and lena looked at haze like he was a god . 
 josh fumed into his food . 
 `` gary weiss , '' haze announced . 
 he looked at all of us . 
 `` the first human to discover the shadow place , what he called the jung field and what you call level zero . '' 
 josh coughed . 
 he took out a blue bic pen from his hoodie , pulled back the sleeve of his left arm . 
 he started writing on his wrist . 
 haze was staring at me . 
 i looked away from josh . 
 `` a soul item , '' haze continued , `` will take many forms . 
 gary weiss told me this ; he is the only one to fight a stalker man and win . 
 no easy answers here -- just go down , find your soul item , and make yourself whole . 
 then run the fuck away . 
 it 's simple . '' 
 it sounded simple . 
 `` just find your soul-item and everything will be okay . '' 
 haze said . 
 `` this is something my master taught me . '' 
 josh kicked my foot . 
 i held back from punching the guy and looked over at him . 
 he held out his arm under the table . 
 he 'd written a message in blue ink on his arm , in big , capital letters . 
 haze is an ass -- if you want to live listen to me haze curled his lip , oblivious to the secret message . 
 `` name it after some video game . 
 in the eighties i was a student , and a local geophysics company -- '' i nodded , too shocked to do anything else . 
 my limit for random , crazy shit was near the breaking point already . 
 i wanted to go home . 
 i had a nice weekend lined up . 
 and on top of that , i was getting worried about something . 
 it was probably nothing , but i 'd checked my watch when we left level zero . 
 something was n't right . 
 we 'd entered level zero at roughly three o’clock . 
 we 'd come out at five thirty . 
 the way i remembered it , we 'd been inside for ten minutes tops . 
 there was no way to tell what level zero did with time . 
 i 'd decided to not notice . 
 no point in worrying . 
 but still , it bugged me . 
 and what had josh said earlier about a stalker man ? 
 i reached out and took a slice of pizza . 
 it tasted like it looked -- bad . 
 the cheese burned my sinuses with a smell like burning plastic . 
 `` good man , '' haze muttered . 
 `` need a beer too , '' i said . 
 `` you 're driving us back . '' 
 josh said . 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 haze took the last slice of pizza and crammed it in his mouth . 
 nacho cheese dribbled down the corners of his mouth . 
 he wiped the orange streams with a rough , brown napkin -- the kind from public bathrooms . 
 `` anyway , got it ? 
 go down to level zero . 
 stay there until you find your soul item . 
 do n't let the stalker man get you . '' 
 `` and there 's one more thing . '' 
 haze said quietly . 
 during haze 's speech , the others had freely talked , eaten and drank . 
 but now , they settled down . 
 laurent stared into his beer . 
 amrith and lena looked right at me . 
 josh twisted his lip and slowly , slowly shook his head ; he tapped his bare arm again , and tugged his sleeve back down to cover up the message . 
 `` you ca n't come near us again , '' haze told me . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 what ? 
 a tall , red-neck looking guy with a white wife-beater and a hulk hogan moustache came out from the kitchen . 
 `` you guys alright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 're fine . '' 
 haze rumbled . 
 the hulk wannabe disappeared back into the kitchen , whistling to the jazz in the air . 
 `` it 's too dangerous for us to see you any more , '' haze said . 
 `` hell , this bunch have already risked their lives . 
 after this , you 're on your own . '' 
 and now everybody was staring at their feet . 
 `` anyway kids , '' haze pushed himself up . 
 the blocky , wooden chair creaked beneath him . 
 `` i 'd better go see the wife . 
 nice meeting you sam . 
 good luck . '' 
 haze tossed some bills on the table . 
 he kicked his chair away and headed out . 
 he passed me as he went for the door . 
 the smell of beer and cigarette smoke rolled off him . 
 laurent waited until haze left the door . 
 when the door thunked shut , he grabbed an empty water bottle and poured the remains of his beer into it . 
 he stuck the beet into his jacket pocket , and left . 
 `` sorry sam , '' lena murmured , avoiding eye contact . 
 she and amrith got up . 
 amrith came around and patted my shoulder . 
 his hand was warm , comforting , strong -- traitor . 
 lena and amrith left together . 
 i did n't watch them go . 
 that was it ? 
 josh tapped my shoulder . 
 `` you 're taking me to york mills and bayview . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i said as we stood up . 
 josh checked his wallet . 
 `` i want ice cream . 
 we 'll get ice cream along the way . '' 
 # `` pull up there . '' 
 josh pointed out a strip mall coming up on the road . 
 it sat buried behind tall grass and a set of traffic lights that were n't lighting . 
 a single shop -- a 24/7 convenience store with a fluorescent orange sign -- shone on the dark row . 
 a red open sign hung slanted in the door . 
 i made an illegal turn through the empty street , and pulled into the strip 's lot . 
 i pulled the car to a stop and cranked up the parking brake . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 he pulled out his wallet . 
 in the dark , i could see his hands best ; a band of light fell across them as he pulled out a twenty . 
 i remembered i 'd paid 150 for cab fare . 
 `` i 'm good , '' i said , undoing my seatbelt . 
 `` i 'm offering you free ice cream . '' 
 josh said . 
 he pulled open his door and stepped outside . 
 cold air brushed my shoulder . 
 `` chocolate . '' 
 `` fine . 
 let 's go . '' 
 josh kicked his door shut . 
 i was going to punch that kid some day . 
 again . 
 my car did not suffer door-kicking gladly . 
 i got out of the car . 
 the cold wrapped around me and i hunched my shoulders . 
 crickets creaked in the uncut grass in front of the lot , and canada geese honked in the distance . 
 josh 's sneakers clip-clopped the pavement . 
 josh was almost at the store -- a shadow in the sterile light . 
 i had to tell josh about the time skip , i decided . 
 not because i was worried , but because it was strange . 
 i had to learn about level zero . 
 especially now that i had to go down there alone . 
 i breathed in the cold air . 
 josh entered store door open . 
 a bell rang inside . 
 i gave up on being warm . 
 instead , i unbuttoned my dress shirt and let the cold in . 
 i shifted , and adjusted my pants . 
 my khakis were chafing my man-areas . 
 i 'd grown to hate them ; they made me feel like i was working . 
 tgif . 
 i headed over to the store . 
 in the steel-barred window , josh pushed two ice cream sandwich-things over the counter . 
 the cashier rang it up and threw a blue five-dollar note down . 
 josh picked up the snacks , swept up the bill , and came back out . 
 `` this one has caramel in it , '' josh said as he opened the door , ringing the store 's bell . 
 he handed me a popsicle . 
 i took the snack from josh . 
 it was encased in red and brown packaging with a picture of a dancing cow , the word magnum written in red bubble letters on the side . 
 the fudgesicle burned a cold rectangle in my hand . 
 josh unwrapped his own thing -- a white and red swirly tube that smelled of lemon . 
 he bit off a chunk and chewed . 
 good way to get an ice cream headache . 
 i unwrapped the magnum . 
 it was a rocket-ship shaped stick of fudge about the size of a child 's arm . 
 i scraped the top off with my teeth and balled up the wrapper in my free hand . 
 `` haze is wrong . '' 
 josh said when he finished chewing . 
 `` i do n't think going down into level zero will do anything to help you . '' 
 i had n't been impressed by haze , but then i was n't that impressed by josh either . 
 i just nodded . 
 `` i do n't know that much about the stalker men , '' josh said . 
 admitting it made his perma-scowl deepen . 
 `` but i 've never heard haze talk about bullshit soul items . '' 
 `` could be he just never saw the need . '' 
 josh took another bite out of his popsicle . 
 `` sounds weird to me . 
 like , suspicious shit . '' 
 i kept on nodding . 
 `` how 's the ice cream ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 `` it 's not ice cream , '' i said . 
 `` it 's a fudgecicle . '' 
 `` fucking same thing . '' 
 we reached the end of the parking lot , the far side of the empty strip mall . 
 a wooden fence rose up here , covered in spiky leaves and twisty nightshade . 
 josh finished his popsicle and threw the stick on the ground . 
 i still had a while to go on the magnum . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i said . 
 i 'd tell him about the time-skip in the car , i decided . 
 where it was warm . 
 `` sure . '' 
 josh said from behind me . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i asked , not looking . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the world faded . 
 my sense of self became fuzzy , like the borders of my body were expanding and shrinking beyond the surface of my skin . 
 clear , crystal thoughts went off like great ringing bells in my head . 
 josh knew about the time-skip . 
 he suspected something . 
 his knife was out . 
 i looked up . 
 the sky was full of stars . 
 # `` what are you doing with that josh ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my eyes saw in black and white and grey . 
 they saw squares of white dots , checkered out on a black sky . 
 my ears heard static . 
 every sound came in distorted like someone had hit the world 's whammy bar . 
 `` the knife behind your back . '' 
 i said . 
 my voice sounded raspy in the altered soundscape , like it was n't used to speaking . 
 `` what knife ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 his voice was far away . 
 so far away . 
 `` the knife you 're holding out . '' 
 i said . 
 `` the knife you 're ready to -- '' i leaped ahead . 
 the edge of a knife prodded my kidneys but did n't even break my clothes . 
 i spun . 
 `` it got you , '' josh said . 
 his voice stuttered like a skipping record . 
 josh jumped forward . 
 he swung the knife level with my throat . 
 i jumped back and missed . 
 i guess i should have been angry . 
 but i was n't . 
 emotion seemed very distant now . 
 i still knew what anger was , maybe i could spell it on a blackboard , but i did n't think i could feel it . 
 not now . 
 but then , i 'd already blocked out a lot of feelings . 
 why not block out anger ? 
 josh pulled out a golden blur . 
 it looked like lena 's earring . 
 he scraped his knife across it . 
 white light poured from the cut , sharp and clear and painfully bright . 
 and it was painful . 
 it hurt . 
 i turned away , repelled by the toxic , charring warmth on my skin . 
 `` fuck you for making me do this , '' josh said . 
 his voice now came clear now . 
 too much light . 
 could n't see . 
 could n't hear . 
 light screaming at my nerve-endings , setting my world on fire . 
 no senses , only pain . 
 but ... a shadow . 
 shaped like a man . 
 a man clutching a knife . 
 the light . 
 the shadow shuddered . 
 it raised the knife . 
 the blade went up . 
 had to stop it . 
 but the light . 
 the knife was coming closer now . 
 had to stop it . 
 but the light . 
 had to stop it . 
 the shadow 's arm came down . 
 and froze . 
 the light faded . 
 the hanging , silent stars reasserted their hold on the world . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 josh whispered . 
 chapter nine : hunger `` sam ? 
 that you ? '' 
 greg asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i kicked off my shoes and set the box of popsicles -- cold , flimsy and damp -- onto the floor . 
 i pushed the door with my ass and it creaked shut . 
 the apartment was dark , except for a blue glow from the television in the living room . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i ripped off my dress shirt . 
 i loosened my belt with my other hand , toed off my socks , and kicked the hard nylon balls so they scurried away into the coat closet . 
 i took to box from the floor and headed to greg 's voice . 
 greg was watching tv . 
 he sat on the sofa . 
 in one hand , he held an orange family-size bag of spicy doritos . 
 in the other hand he held a dusty , wadded up handful of chips . 
 the tv showed a national geographic program . 
 it seemed to be about kung fu . 
 on screen , a bunch of angry chinese people in period costumes were breaking coconuts with swords . 
 a narrator was explaining how steel was forged in ancient china . 
 `` i was with friends , '' i said . 
 i thunked the box down on the coffee table . 
 `` popsicle ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 greg asked , still staring transfixed at the tv . 
 `` they 're really good , '' i said . 
 i ripped a slit through the box flaps with my thumb , and withdrew a dewy magnum popsicle . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 wait -- so what were you doing ? '' 
 greg asked . 
 he pulled a handful of dorito-shrapnel from the bottom of the bag and crammed it into his mouth . 
 `` i was with friends , '' i repeated . 
 `` you have friends ? '' 
 greg asked . 
 i unwrapped the magnum and crashed on the couch next to greg . 
 on the tv , the voicover explained that ancient assassins had used chopsticks for weaponry . 
 we watched as a neon skeleton took hold of a pair of cgi sticks , and battled with another one holding a dagger . 
 the chopstick-skeleton slapped away a knife thrust , and jammed the chopsticks into the other 's eye-socket . 
 `` kung pao ! '' 
 the narrator exclaimed . 
 `` think you can eat chips with chopsticks ? '' 
 i asked . 
 greg looked into bag open in his lap . 
 `` there 's some with the spoons . '' 
 i went to the kitchen . 
 the cutlery drawer held three metal chopsticks . 
 i took two tossed them over to greg . 
 they bounced off his face . 
 greg swatted at them noncommittally . 
 the documentary showcased more unlikely weaponry : pens , fans , and miniature dogs that hid in sleeves -- which i thought was cheating . 
 each weapon featured a cgi skeleton fight scene , and ended in a horribly pun . 
 `` this is one weapon you do n't want to cross ! '' 
 the narrator said as one cgi skeleton pointed a crossbow at another and shot . 
 greg and i were trying to eat the doritoes with chopsticks . 
 after greg shoved a chip in his ear for the fifth time , i decided to go to bed . 
 # i had a few bad dreams that night . 
 i dreamt i killed josh . 
 i dreamt i was in danger . 
 but mostly i dreamt about the stalker man . 
 the cold started it . 
 at first i shut it out . 
 i bundled the covers tighter , and shoved a spare pillow against my chest . 
 i had a few dreams-within-a-dream where i won the kentucky derby . 
 i had another dream where i was a claymation alien on some kid 's show . 
 in another dream i fought a cgi skeleton with a dogbow -- a crossbow that launched dogs . 
 but again and again the cold woke me up . 
 eventually i gave up trying to sleep and opened my eyes . 
 the stalker man . 
 its head -- white and hard and featureless -- screamed loud and ugly and profane in my sight . 
 it loomed like a mountain , dominating my field of vision , creating a dizzying sense of height , power , and dumb size . 
 the stalker man 's face appeared distorted -- a nightmare bulging in a fish-eye lens . 
 its face was lit from below , as if it held a flashlight in its hands . 
 shadows fell long and deep at the sides of its skull . 
 they emphasized the paleness of its skin , and the way it stretched tight over the skull . 
 but it was n't perfect , i noticed . 
 the stalker man 's skin did n't have pores , but i did see tiny wrinkles and golf-ball dimples -- imperfections in the perfect , rubbery mask . 
 the small errors just made it scarier . 
 they made it real . 
 as i stared , the room grew slightly larger , then slightly smaller , like it was breathing , bending at the edges . 
 in typical nightmare-logic , i could n't move . 
 i tried to look away . 
 but the stalker man filled everything . 
 my dirty room , with the mounds of dirty clothes , poster of panda lenin , and my two laptops open and glowing with white light , looked disturbingly accurate for a dream . 
 i forced my eyes left , and saw red numbers spell 13:61 on my alarm clock . 
 that was n't helpful . 
 the entire time this dream played by , there was a sound : haaaaaa-waaaaa . 
 it sounded like the ocean in a seashell . 
 at every haaaaa . 
 a cold breath blew on my forehead . 
 at every waaaaa , the hairs on my stubble tingled . 
 the stalker man was breathing . 
 i tried to look at my fingers , because that 's a good way to realize you 're in a dream . 
 but i still could n't move . 
 the stalker man haaaaed . 
 it waaaaaaed . 
 its slit-mouth gurgled , and sometimes a smell like rotting fish crept out . 
 it yawned . 
 for a second i saw a forked tongue , covered with slick black hair . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i tried to say . 
 no sound came out . 
 if the stalker man could read my mind , it did n't answer . 
 it just stared . 
 its slit mouth sometimes twitching , sometimes tugging , but always haaaaa-waaaaing cold breath on my face . 
 slowly , the smudgy red numbers on the clock changed . 
 the clock ticked down . 
 from 13:61 to 13:60 . 
 fro , m 13:60 to 13:59 . 
 and then down and down and down to 13:01 . 
 when the flickered to 13:00 . 
 the stalker man twitched . 
 it licked its lips with its hairy tongue . 
 a sound like falling rocks came from inside its stomach . 
 the shadows beneath its face widened , the haaaa-waaaa-ing grew fainter and fainter . 
 the stalker man 's blue eyes dimmed from electric blue to navy . 
 then , like a shuttered candle , they winked out . 
 all the light was gone now , except for the red numbers of my clock . 
 the current time was 12:59 . 
 my eyes hurt with bright green afterimages . 
 no wonder he left , i thought as my dream faded . 
 12:59 was real time . 
 the clock ticked up to 1:00 am . 
 i dreamed about tits . 
 # `` are you writing ? '' 
 greg asked . 
 `` i 'm writing . '' 
 i said . 
 i put down my green sealed air thermos on the edge of the roof and pecked a few words on the laptop balanced on my knees . 
 the wind wobbled my thermos . 
 i secured it with a free hand . 
 the two of us stood on the roof of a holiday inn , located at the far end of bay street in downtown toronto . 
 the forty-story high building was still dwarfed by nearby skyscrapers . 
 the inn was the best we could get -- greg 's girlfriend 's friend was in some managerial position , and had greeted us at the door to let us up to the rooftop . 
 the only stipulation for the rooftop rental was that we refrain from mentioning holiday inn or the girlfriend 's friend 's name . 
 the rooftop actually looked nice : a line of trees split the stucco rectangle in two from the entrance , and a square of astro-turf complete with tasteful sculptures lounged on the northeast side . 
 it looked like the hotel staff had intended to have guests up here , then closed it off for some reason . 
 `` i still ca n't see any , '' greg said . 
 he held his camera up and scanned the sky for hawks . 
 this was his business camera : the lens stretched as long as my thermos , and was covered with neat white numbers for god-knows-what photographic calculation . 
 i sat with my back to the raised ledge that bordered the rooftop . 
 depending on your height , the ledge either made a safety-catch for the rooftop wanderers , or a perfect tripping hazard . 
 i turned my head and saw a gigantic ad for the new alice in wonderland performance . 
 a curvy alice hung in silhouette in the middle of the ad -- her skirt ruffled in what i assumed was a plunge down the rabbit hole . 
 a line of flashing leds bordered the billboard . 
 most of them were n't working . 
 `` tell me what you 're writing , '' greg said . 
 he turned a few of the lens knobs and the zoom lens . 
 `` i 'm not writing yet , '' i admitted . 
 `` should n't you be photographing ? '' 
 `` there 's nothing here . '' 
 greg said . 
 he was just complaining because he was cold : the poor guy had n't understood that it gets windy this high up . 
 he wore a plain white t-shirt that constantly billowed in the wind and a pair of shorts he should have kept at the gym . 
 `` they 'll come out . 
 it 's like fishing . '' 
 i said . 
 greg sat down next to me . 
 i took another swig from my thermos . 
 greg looked like he hated me now . 
 `` that toque looks warm . '' 
 he said . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 it was warm : a double-knit i got from zellers last year . 
 `` coffee looks good too . '' 
 he said . 
 `` and the laptop is nice and toasty . '' 
 i said . 
 `` except you 'll never have kids now . '' 
 greg said . 
 he pointed to the laptop 's proximity to my crotch . 
 `` do n't want any . '' 
 i said . 
 `` do n't like kids ? '' 
 `` they get dirty , '' i said . 
 `` we should have brought bacon . '' 
 `` bacon ? '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure hawks can smell meat . 
 like , one tenth of a smell-atom is supposed to make them go crazy . '' 
 `` that 's sharks . '' 
 greg said . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it works for birds too . '' 
 i said . 
 we sat and watched for birds . 
 until greg got some footage , the entire story was worthless . 
 stranger danger was not a literary journal ; it was a blog . 
 reporting on hawks that lived on skyscrapers was boring enough , but if we did n't have photos we would n't be able to hide the fact that we were pretty much out of ideas . 
 greg seemed to hone in on my thought process . 
 `` i choose next week 's thing . '' 
 he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` still though , this is relaxing , '' i said . 
 i leaned back on the ledge and rested my head on the rough stucco . 
 `` just like fishing . '' 
 `` give me your hat or i 'll eat your skin for warmth . '' 
 i gave greg my hat . 
 i began to doze . 
 the noise from below never rose above a faint murmur . 
 the best part about it though , was that this was normal . 
 well , normal for me . 
 `` hey ! 
 i see one ! '' 
 greg shouted , working the camera-dildo . 
 greg aimed at a building one street down , a modern one shaped like a sail made of green glass . 
 around the skyscraper 's roof , a brown blur leaped , and circled in the air . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 greg whispered . 
 `` i can actually get a pretty good shot . '' 
 `` bacon . '' 
 i said . 
 `` if only we had bacon . '' 
 more hawks came . 
 they flew around the rooftops , rolling lazily through the air currents . 
 sometimes they joined together like schools of fish . 
 sometimes they scattered like seeds thrown in the wind . 
 sometimes they dropped . 
 they dropped down down down to another rooftop , skimmed just above its surface , and rose again . 
 greg went into full-on photographer mode , talking about angles and light and junk . 
 you could n't tell he worked in ad analysis and spent his days making slides about marketing campaigns . 
 i typed out a few words for the article . 
 but i expected the photos to carry most of the weight , so i played bejeweled on facebook instead . 
 when i got bored of that , i folded the laptop and set it down next to my thermos . 
 i folded my arms over the ledge , and looked down into the street . 
 the cars and people moved like toys beneath us . 
 i kept expecting them to vanish , like a video game still rendering , but they just kept on moving in perfect hi-def . 
 the leds on the alice in wonderland ad blinked on and off in front of me . 
 as i stared , the lights blew out . 
 maybe there 'd been a short circuit . 
 but then , one light on the sign 's ride side burst on . 
 bright blue light stuttered on . 
 another light blinked on the left side . 
 they almost looked like eyes . 
 # i dreamt of the stalker man again . 
 he stood in front of me , just like before . 
 big eyes , big , white face , cold breath and slit mouth . 
 the stalker man 's breath seemed colder now . 
 when he breathed out , my cheeks burned . 
 when he breathed in they numbed out . 
 my nose started to run . 
 it oozed a slick , slimy trail across my lips and down my chin . 
 i wanted to wipe my nose but i could n't move . 
 i could n't even think about moving . 
 just like last night , i could see my clock . 
 today it read 13:23 . 
 the clock was ticking down , just like last night . 
 when the clock ticked down to 13:00 , the stalker man wheezed . 
 it snuffled . 
 it gently rolled its double jointed shoulders . 
 darkness welled at the edges of my vision . 
 with every breath it grew deeper and the stalker man grew darker . 
 soon it was just a pair of eyes , watching me in the dark . 
 then , not even that . 
 # i swiped my entry card over the turnstile-gate . 
 the card reader beeped green . 
 i slid past it and adjusted my man-bag . 
 the card snapped back to the lanyard clipped to my pants . 
 the pants in question were the green and gold company sweat pants . 
 we were supposed to wear them on our off-hours and sunday morning was my time off . 
 i also had a tie on . 
 teb 's foyer was an orgy of neutral colours : taupe , eggshell and beige predominated . 
 sleek-looking , uncomfortable office furniture sat at specially chosen areas to make the place look homey , but in a businesslike way . 
 bad , minimalist art held prime real estate . 
 i headed to the elevator lobby and called down an elevator . 
 one came almost immediately . 
 i stepped inside , checked the mirror in the back for lint in my hair , and pushed the button to the second floor . 
 the doors rumbled shut . 
 i leaned against the mirror and sighed . 
 employers were supposed to respect work-life balance . 
 overtime pay was nice , but that money could n't buy back time i needed to do stuff , like fight stalker men and eat delicious food . 
 but this morning i 'd got an email from henry . 
 the interns had some sort of play-day and i had to come in and make sure no one lost an eye . 
 the elevator stopped . 
 the doors opened . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` holy fuck . '' 
 i whispered . 
 a sea of teenagers . 
 they came in all genders , shapes , and levels of awful fashion sense . 
 i saw a group of girls in pastel tank tops and jeans , and two guys in full-on executive suits . 
 i saw ill-fitting dress shirts , horrible polos , skirts that ran too long , too short , and one with a slit in it like a nightclub hostess . 
 the guys wore so much hair gel it sparkled , and the girls wore makeup for clubbing in a very dark club . 
 `` mr. flautt ! '' 
 a young , over-confident voice called my name . 
 i looked around , still dazed . 
 out of the crowd emerged a teenager , a heavily muscled one with five-o’clock shadow , wearing a suit and tie i 'd seen in the windows at le chateau -- a black-purple-steel grey colour scheme that looked like money and douchebaggery . 
 `` oh hey ... '' i said . 
 the teenager held out his hand and i shook it . 
 i saw a blackberry clip at his belt . 
 i did n't even own a phone anymore . 
 `` gary . '' 
 i remembered . 
 gary grinned . 
 `` i thought you 'd forgotten me ! '' 
 `` no no , '' i said . 
 `` swim team guy . 
 that 's you . '' 
 `` haha . 
 yeah , '' gary rattled off a perfect business-laugh . 
 `` so you 're running the orientation ? '' 
 orientation ? 
 `` i 'll get back to you on that , '' i said . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i shouldered through the crowded elevator lobby . 
 the teenagers turned to look at me -- in awe of the guy with the pass-card lanyard . 
 i recognized a few faces that i 'd interviewed . 
 names sprang up as i pushed past them -- samantha , albert , inder . 
 the crowd thinned immediately as i left the elevator lobby and entered the office proper . 
 an empty cubicle-farm greeted me . 
 seeing them deserted was a little disconcerting . 
 i could hear the echoes of phones and typing . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 a hand waved . 
 it was henry , dressed in his usual outfit of company sweats and hoodie . 
 i realized with horror that we were pants-buddies . 
 henry sat at a conference table between rohit and that albino guy from marketing -- sean . 
 the three of each wielded sheaves of paper and serious-looking clip-boards . 
 `` like the outfit . '' 
 henry said . 
 i could n't detect any sarcasm . 
 `` fresh . 
 exciting . '' 
 i took a seat opposite him . 
 i dropped my man-bag filled with nothing next to me . 
 `` so the room is booked and you and rohit just need to give your presentation . '' 
 henry said . 
 presentation ? 
 `` just do it like you did last year . '' 
 henry continued . 
 rohit 's eyebrow quirked . 
 `` answer any questions , yadda-yadda , welcome them to the company , let them know that interns are a vital part of our family . 
 and are part of a holistic body that gets their hands dirty to do some goddamn finance . '' 
 `` henry ... '' rohit began . 
 `` sarah did the presentation with me last year . 
 not sam . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 henry said . 
 `` okay then . 
 rohit takes point and sam can read off the powerpoints . 
 it 's not hard . '' 
 overtime pay , i thought . 
 think of overtime pay . 
 # henry and sean ferried the interns down the elevators , leading them to the presentation room on the first floor . 
 rohit and i stayed behind to go over the slides . 
 `` hey , sam . 
 sorry about the short notice , '' rohit said . 
 he packed a bundle of papers under his arm . 
 i saw lots of blue ink on his papers . 
 lots of notes . 
 `` this must be pretty random . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said . 
 it was n't , but overtime pay the two of us took the elevator down . 
 rohit in his business-casual , myself in sweats and a tie . 
 rohit carried a stack of slides . 
 i carried an empty bag and a single sheet outlining the orientation for the new crop of interns . 
 people clapped as we entered the presentation room -- a lecture style room splashed with teb 's gold and green . 
 rohit told a joke that was n't funny , and everyone laughed . 
 i stumbled along . 
 `` the teb internship is all about getting dirty ! '' 
 rohit shouted gleefully . 
 the interns clapped . 
 `` we push the envelope of hard work and transparency . '' 
 `` now , you 've all volunteered to work for us , for free , and we respect that . 
 we respect that so much that we 're not getting paid to be here today ! '' 
 the interns clapped . 
 my mouth hung open . 
 `` henry 's not getting paid , he just loves to be here . '' 
 rohit pointed out henry at the head of the audience . 
 the interns clapped . 
 `` sam 's not getting paid ; he just gives one hundred and ten percent ! '' 
 rohit said . 
 the interns clapped again . 
 `` and i 'm not getting paid either . 
 because work is n't about money ! 
 it 's about play ! '' 
 fuck this shit . 
 `` next slide sam . '' 
 rohit said . 
 i raised an eyebrow at him . 
 people laughed . 
 the projector glowed a single blue light . 
 i clicked the next slide and it flickered . 
 at the front row , one of the better-dressed interns adjusted his glasses . 
 the blue-white power-point caught the glass . 
 glowing eyes again . 
 # i dreamt of the stalker man that night . 
 its eyes glowed bright blue -- shining through my closed eyelids . 
 when i opened my eyes , the stalker man was there . 
 the light from its eyes spilled across the walls , blazed in rows on the floorboards , and glowed along the sallow , stretched skin of the stalker man . 
 i 'd never realized how huge the stalker man was before . 
 now , in the searchlight-shine of its eyes , i understood . 
 the stalker man 's hands were planted at either side of my bed . 
 its feet pushed into the walls at the corners of my room . 
 its long , thin limbs were bunched up . 
 its double-jointed arms had folded over to make room for itself . 
 the thing 's double-elbows scraped the walls of my bedroom . 
 its arched back rose to the ceiling . 
 the stalker man exhaled a cold breath . 
 so cold it hurt . 
 it stiffened my shirt and burned the feeling out of my skin . 
 i could hardly breathe in this nightmare . 
 the weight of a flipped volvo pushed down on my chest . 
 the clock on my bedside was just out of my range of vision . 
 i strained my eyes to decipher the half-numbers in the clock . 
 i think it said 13:21 . 
 if the stalker men followed the pattern from last time , he would leave at 13:00 , when the world entered real time . 
 just twenty minutes . 
 i stared at the clock . 
 i ignored the stalker man 's gaze , the shifting limbs and the strange sounds like falling rocks that came from its bubbling , shifting stomach . 
 the clock changed to 13:20 . 
 it was counting down . 
 i exhaled weakly . 
 yes . 
 it was moving . 
 i 'd survive this . 
 the stalker men watched me , its pale , drawn face still like a wax mask . 
 it would leave . 
 i knew it would leave . 
 this was just a nightmare . 
 the clock was at 13:15 . 
 i strained to breath . 
 i could take in just enough air to keep from panicking , but only if i gave it all my concentration . 
 after a while , breathing became exhausting . 
 a thin sheen of sweat appeared on my forehead , and when my scalp tightened i realized that it was freezing in my hair . 
 13:10 . 
 i stopped breathing , just for a bit . 
 my lungs felt full of coal , slowly lighting . 
 13:09 . 
 pain was too much . 
 i pushed , pulled my lungs to breath again . 
 they did . 
 the fires dwindled . 
 but my chest was so heavy now . 
 i was so heavy and so cold beneath the stalker man 's eyes . 
 13:08 . 
 it never stopped staring . 
 13:07 . 
 a wave of nausea ripped through my chest and pooled behind my eyes . 
 stars burst inside my vision . 
 the weight on my chest grew . 
 i sucked in air but it was all so cold now . 
 13:05 . 
 the coals in my gut crackled , hissed , popped . 
 tongues of heat licking up my throat , roaring against the cold . 
 13:03 . 
 no more . 
 i looked out to clock , straining my eyes . 
 13:00 . 
 just pain , just pain , but it was okay -- it was just a dream . 
 and it would end ... now . 
 12:59 . 
 the stalker man did n't move . 
 i tried to get . 
 i tried to scream . 
 i could n't , so i screamed inside my head . 
 i stared at my lifeless body and willed it to get up and run . 
 i did n't move . 
 why did n't i move ? 
 the stalker man stared , its face a perfect blank . 
 its blue eyes shone so bright they torched whorls of colour in my vision . 
 `` you . '' 
 the voice came from the bottom of the stalker man 's chest . 
 it sounded like it was squeezing several organs to make that noise . 
 my fingers twitched . 
 my legs shuddered . 
 i was n't moving them . 
 my feet swept across the bed . 
 my hands pushed me off my back and to a crouch . 
 light . 
 blue blinding light . 
 this was a dream this was a dream dreamdreamdreamdream . 
 i tried to get up . 
 why was n't i getting up ? 
 i needed out . 
 i needed to run . 
 i fought . 
 i strained . 
 but then my lungs opened up , taking in a rich , cool breath of air ; a realization like poison bloomed inside my head . 
 i was n't in control . 
 i never had been . 
 the stalker man rumbled . 
 `` rise . '' 
 chapter ten : nightmare the stalker man rumbled . 
 `` rise . '' 
 the tiny muscles in my spine twitched , then pulled . 
 my back stiffened . 
 the still and silent room with its piles of books , tech , and clothes spun in my vision as my legs swept across the mattress and i lurched out of bed . 
 my arms hung at my sides -- dead weight . 
 my lungs opened . 
 sweet , cold air rushed in , banking the fires in my gut . 
 sweet , yes , but also sour , tinged with the stalker man 's gross scent of chemical sweat . 
 the stalker man hung above me , still straddling my bed . 
 i turned to look at it , except i did n't turn . 
 i did n't move at all . 
 all i could see of the stalker man was a thin , milk arm cast in reflected blue light . 
 i tried again to turn , to move on my own . 
 i could n't . 
 i took another breath and i realized i was n't controlling it . 
 an instant revulsion walloped my gut , demanding i throw up . 
 but the only reaction my body showed to this puppeteering was a tickling , gagging feeling in the back of my throat . 
 i felt like the stalker man 's cold , long , baby-soft hands were reaching inside of me . 
 i felt like they were snaking along my nerve centres , caressing them , smoothing them out , and twanging them like guitar strings , playing my body how it wanted . 
 the stalker man 's head shifted -- i could tell by the shuffling light . 
 a patch of cold settled on the back of my neck and i knew it was staring at me . 
 `` move . '' 
 my foot rose . 
 it went down . 
 i could n't stop its fall any more than stop a speeding truck . 
 but still i tried . 
 i pushed on my disgust like a lever , trying to break the thing 's hold . 
 but all that did was worsen the gagging sensation at the back of my throat . 
 i shouldered the door open and swung into the hallway . 
 the light from my room blazed behind me . 
 i could n't see anything but colour-burn . 
 i moved blind , but i moved . 
 i swerved around furniture i did n't know was there . 
 i stepped around floorboards i did n't know squeaked as my track pants swished across the floor . 
 i danced through the living room , across the kitchenette , and up to the front door . 
 at the door , my elbow flew up in a crude , broad swing . 
 the blow smarted . 
 impact rippled up my to my shoulder . 
 the door creaked open . 
 i 'd somehow hit the lock . 
 i stepped barefoot into the hallway . 
 the carpet prickled my bare soles . 
 i walked down the hall , into the darkness . 
 without the stalker man 's searchlight eyes , i could n't see where i was going . 
 but i kept on walking . 
 i passed dark windows , fractured with lines of traffic-light . 
 i passed gently humming air vents and still , silent doors -- each one staring at me with a tiny brass peephole . 
 i came to the elevator . 
 i twirled ; my palm smacked the call button . 
 the elevator arrived instantly . 
 i stepped inside and the floor turned to cool granite tiles the colour of static . 
 my elbow swung back . 
 it jammed a button i did n't see . 
 the doors closed behind me . 
 the elevator jerked down . 
 i stayed facing the back of the elevator . 
 the elevator halted . 
 the doors opened . 
 i walked backwards out of it , never stumbling . 
 i crossed the lobby . 
 the lights were on but the security desk was empty . 
 where was the guard ? 
 i came up to the heavy , plate glass front doors . 
 my hands rose and i pushed them apart . 
 usually i needed both hands to inch them open , but now the doors swayed apart for me . 
 i shuddered at my easy strength . 
 outside was colder , but my skin was still so numb that the air felt almost warm . 
 it was a regular sort of night . 
 cool air brushed against my face . 
 crickets chirped far away . 
 streetlights shone for no one in the ring road around the apartment . 
 i walked across the empty road , passing the light of a streetlamp and mounting the curb onto the circular lawn around the apartment . 
 damp grass pricked my bare feet . 
 i moved ahead , finding even ground like magic . 
 when i sat in the middle of the lawn , away from the streetlight 's reach , i stopped . 
 turned around . 
 my lungs lifted by themselves again . 
 the breath felt perfectly measured : just enough to keep me from death . 
 i waited , staring . 
 the apartment shot up in front of me , a column of black studded with gold light , piercing an inky blue sky . 
 it is a strange thing , to see a building that you know at nighttime . 
 to me , the apartment looked like something wild . 
 the concrete , rutted and stained , the windows , smudged and distant , the balconies , filled with junk , old beach chairs , piles of faded toys , seem less man-made and more like some desolate cliff where humanity was upended , and left to unravel . 
 in this darkened land , on a window fourteen stories up , blue search-lights lit up -- columns of blue erupting from a dark room , reflecting in the walls and raising shadows where they passed . 
 the stalker man . 
 the lights bobbed . 
 a gigantic , white hand slunk out the window , trailing stark shadows beneath it . 
 long , thin fingers spread out on the concrete walls . 
 the fingers tightened across the stone . 
 the stalker man 's pale , thin head emerged and then its body , extruding snakelike from the window . 
 it crawled out . 
 the stalker man scurried like a spider -- fingers and toes gripping the walls impossibly tight . 
 sometimes , the thing 's arms turned at unnatural angles , full hundred-and-eighty turns that would snap a normal person . 
 and its movement looked off to me : either too fast or too still , like a jerky claymation puppet . 
 the stalker man 's glowing eyes scanned back and forth as it walked down the sheer wall . 
 except it did n't move its head like it was trying to look for something ; it moved like it was smelling . 
 it moved like a wolf moves . 
 the nightmare crawled , bound for me . 
 and i could n't turn away . 
 my breath still came and went , calm and measured . 
 even the gagging at the back of my throat was fading , and i realized i probably did n't control my heartbeat . 
 the stalker man owned it . 
 it held my own heart in its grip . 
 the stalker man 's skeletal hand touched the ground . 
 the other came down as well and it righted itself back to regular gravity . 
 the stalker man rose . 
 its limbs stretched out , its double-joints unfolding . 
 it was tall : twelve feet at least -- taller than the trees . 
 how could something like that fit in level zero 's tiny rooms ? 
 the stalker man strode towards me , eyes blazing blue , arms sweeping across the lawn , legs snapping , twitching , stopping in their horrible , shuddering way . 
 scream , i thought . 
 you have to scream . 
 the stalker man 's feet pattered across the grass like rain . 
 its legs advancing like a thresher rolling closer and closer . 
 the stalker man 's headlight eyes fixed on me . 
 the light grew brighter . 
 it washed out the stalker man -- turning it into a stick-man as it came closer . 
 before my vision vanished completely , i realized that the stars ran in neat grid-lines . 
 the stalker man shook in front of me . 
 its head , blazing blue came down right in front of me . 
 the light burned inside my eyes . 
 it felt like the light was burning away my body like a fire burns the rock away from metal . 
 it felt like deletion . 
 it felt like metamorphosis . 
 `` open . '' 
 the stalker man said . 
 my hands reached into my pocket . 
 i felt something . 
 the handle of a knife . 
 it was burning my palm . 
 # yellow lights . 
 yellow lights , floating like dandelion fluff . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 the lights did n't answer me . 
 they just floated in the intangible breeze . 
 i was reclining against a wall , breathing stuffy air . 
 the wall felt warm on the back of my neck -- body temperature , like a toilet seat someone just sat on . 
 a shivering fit shot through me , then passed . 
 i curled my hands into fists . 
 i could move again . 
 and for a while , that was enough . 
 the simple joy of control gave me hope in the sudden darkness . 
 i squeezed my hands . 
 i relished the pain of my fingernails digging into my palm . 
 i pushed myself up . 
 my bare feet felt perfectly comfortable on the floor of level zero 's womblike warmth . 
 of course this was level zero . 
 now , how did i get here ? 
 the lights swayed in random motions . 
 they reminded me of the violets i 'd seen before -- only these were smaller , and unmoored . 
 one of them drifted past my eyes . 
 i held out my hand to catch it and -- `` ow ! '' 
 i pulled my hand back . 
 the light flew up and away from me -- faster than before . 
 it bounced off the ceiling and glided towards the other end of the room . 
 i inspected my hand in the mottled light . 
 no marks . 
 but there 'd been pain . 
 heat . 
 like touching a bare light bulb . 
 i stuck my palm inside my mouth and looked around . 
 this room was like all the level zero rooms . 
 same four corridors . 
 same endless darkness . 
 the only difference was the lights -- and lena said a long time ago that they became more common depending on the time of month . 
 there was no gate in this room . 
 so how 'd i come here ? 
 the stalker man . 
 i 'd blocked out the events just a few minutes before . 
 the memory returned now . 
 my mouth turned sour thinking about the details , about the puppet i 'd become . 
 but the stalker man was n't here now . 
 it was just me . 
 i noticed a digging sensation in my pocket . 
 i still had the knife . 
 i pulled it out . 
 i did n't get what had just happened , but i had the knife . 
 that meant i could create a gate and go back home . 
 i unfolded the blade . 
 the konami code caught in the faint dandelion-light . 
 i grinned . 
 it did n't make sense to lock me in when i had a key out . 
 you 're right , a voice inside my gut said . 
 that would n't make any sense at all . 
 one of the dandelion-lights bounced off the back of my head . 
 it burned . 
 i swatted it away with my free hand . 
 the light zoomed away . 
 it collided with another . 
 then both the dandelions went off in a whole new pattern . 
 but the dandelions did n't matter ; i was getting out . 
 i turned around . 
 i propped one hand on the wall and pressed the knife against the wall . 
 the metal shuddered in my hand . 
 i scraped the blade across the warm , black material . 
 no blue light . 
 the wall remained black , blank , warm . 
 i stabbed it again . 
 no light . 
 again . 
 the blade folded . 
 the metal bit the flesh of my fingers . 
 i grunted and sucked the cut . 
 tasted like rank copper . 
 shit shit shit shit . 
 i breathed deep . 
 had to stay calm . 
 i inspected the blade . 
 a thin skein of blood marked the top end of the edge . 
 as i watched , the blood slowly changed colour -- neon purple , then green , then yellow . 
 i 'd used this knife to open a gate in level zero just three days ago . 
 it had done it then , it could do it now . 
 i got on my knees . 
 another dandelion bounced off my cheek . 
 i yelped . 
 i tried to punch the thing but it got away from me . 
 okay . 
 i knelt over the floor with the knife in front of my chest , held out like i was going to fence with the floor . 
 keep calm keep calm keep calm . 
 i scraped the blade across the floor . 
 no light , just a miserable little shck sound as the blade went across the warm , plasticy material . 
 `` huh . '' 
 i said . 
 do n't panic . 
 shck.i tried again . 
 no light . 
 do n't panic do n't panic . 
 shck . 
 i tried again . 
 no light . 
 do n’tpanicdon ' tpanicdo n't -- `` fuck ! '' 
 i roared . 
 i threw the knife away . 
 it vanished through the doorway opposite me , and i heard it clatter . 
 `` fuck no ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i beat the ground like a toddler . 
 i punched the floor and the pain just made me madder . 
 there were rules . 
 and they told me if i followed the rules i could get back to my normal life . 
 i screamed . 
 tears mingled with the sweat on my cheeks . 
 i tasted salt and blood . 
 i spat and it dribbled down my lips . 
 so much for rules . 
 my breath shook . 
 my chest rattled . 
 my nose ran . 
 i wiped it against my shirt . 
 i pushed down my fear and my anger into a ball , deep in the pit of my stomach where it could be focused like a laser beam . 
 this room , like all of level zero 's rooms , had four doors carved into the sides . 
 i chose one at random and took it out of the room . 
 whatever the stalker man wanted , i was n't going to do it . 
 i would n't disappear in level zero . 
 there had to be a gate somewhere here . 
 # the dandelion-lights were in every room now . 
 sometimes a room had only three lonely lights , sometimes they held flurries of them . 
 i walked through them all . 
 they burned , but not for long before they bounced off of me . 
 after about half an hour of random walking , i heard a sound . 
 zzzzzzzz . 
 it came from the room to my left -- a room filled with dandelion-lights . 
 going in would burn like a bitch . 
 i tucked my arms inside my shirt and rode up the neck to cover the bottom of my face . 
 it looked retarded but the fabric would protect me from the burning lights . 
 thus equipped , i walked in . 
 zzzzzzz . 
 the light-balls parted as i walked through them . 
 my exposed ears stung . 
 i saw the light that did n't move . 
 a square of yellow light , hanging in the air . 
 it buzzed like bad lighting . 
 when i approached , it flashed off , and reappeared three feet away . 
 the dandelion lights bounced off of it . 
 i took a step towards the square . 
 it shuddered . 
 it flashed away another foot , near the wall . 
 it turned blue . 
 cool . 
 i headed back through the other door . 
 as i continued into level zero i saw other squares running around . 
 they all backed away from me as i came near , but never left their rooms . 
 the squares did n't behave like the flower-lights . 
 they seemed to move how they wanted to , rather than to some sort of pattern . 
 they did n't seem to like me . 
 i walked . 
 my mind grew hazy . 
 what did the stalker man want ? 
 in the crazy lights and the growing heat , my mind did funny things . 
 the lights grew larger . 
 they made music , good music . 
 like an improv jazz band or a really nice day at the park . 
 the dandelion-lights chimed and the light-squares croaked like exotic birds . 
 the tap-tap of my feet fell into step with the music , or maybe the music changed to suit my walking . 
 it did n't matter . 
 the music helped me move . 
 after so long inside the dark with no goal and no direction , it buoyed my legs to keep walking . 
 in fact , after a while i felt stronger . 
 the rhythm and the clanging melodies of the sparkling darkness enervated me . 
 they stretched out my muscles , they filled my lungs and pumped into my blood . 
 if every room looked the same , i started to think , then every room really was the same . 
 same dimensions , same ecosystem , same absence of gates . 
 so i 'd spent an hour or more inside the same room . 
 my stomach panged . 
 when had i last eaten ? 
 what was level zero ? 
 junk data -- that 's what lena said . 
 but what junk data looked like this ? 
 no -- the world was n't a computer program , at least not in the way the level zero crowd and their hobo leader thought . 
 come to think of it , i 'd never heard haze 's thoughts on level zero , just josh 's . 
 i did n't think junk data looked like this . 
 the endless stretch of rooms more resembled some extraterrestrial prison , or maybe purgatory , or cells in an organism . 
 so what did that make me ? 
 prisoner . 
 sinner . 
 sickness . 
 then what were the stalker men ? 
 i kept on walking . 
 i felt even more disconnected from my body now . 
 maybe i was n't even walking anymore . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i 'd forgotten i had lungs for a second . 
 and where were my feet ? 
 i could n't see them in the dark , and the glowing lights shone just enough to make themselves known . 
 i felt like a presence within level zero -- not a human one , just an entity of thought . 
 almost as if the borders of my self were dissolving . 
 maybe it was n't my body walking . 
 maybe the world just had a bunch of states -- movement , force and thought . 
 maybe they were all just variables controlled by physical objects . 
 but maybe if you could just manipulated the variable , you did n't need to actually move . 
 that did n't make sense . 
 but i was thinking lots of weird things right now , so fuck it . 
 i just needed a gate . 
 if level zero was just the same room , then all gates were the same gate . 
 my stomach wailed . 
 i grabbed my gut and felt things gurgling down there . 
 i was so hungry . 
 the emptiness in my gut had grown and grown as i walked . 
 that was one thing i noticed even as my body faded from me . 
 i had to eat . 
 i did n't want to die down here . 
 but death was just another state of being . 
 people died all the time . 
 my hunger grew . 
 the time wore on and i still did n't see any gates . 
 the pain in my chest was reaching beyond my stomach and into my heart , my lungs , my blood . 
 it crawled up my throat and seeped into my head . 
 and inside my head , it played with my brain . 
 it shifted the grey matter and gurgled it around . 
 i felt like it was rearranging my head , fixing it . 
 people died all the time . 
 the world fucked you over . 
 it was n't as if it mattered . 
 and if i died then who really cared ? 
 i 'd thought like that for a long time . 
 after jon died , i 'd forced myself to think like that . 
 sometimes i 'd cried a lot , even after i promised myself i would n't . 
 but then i got used to the idea . 
 once i 'd gone to the rom 's paleolithic section . 
 had a big white room , no paintings , just bare , white plaques with black helvetica script giving dates and descriptions . 
 the artifacts rested on blank white cabinets , and they all looked alike . 
 old wood , old bones , old stone , old clay . 
 it all looked alike -- dirty and ruined and the colour of dust . 
 the things we were , the things we made , the things we came from , all went back to the same shit . 
 but no matter how much i accepted the idea , no matter how much i 'd forced it into my head , it never truly made sense to me . 
 now it made sense . 
 the hunger made it right . 
 there was a gate . 
 except this gate was n't normal . 
 it was red . 
 it went up to the ceiling and it was red . 
 it glowed carmine along the room -- when had i come to this room ? 
 -- casting a long , black shadow behind me . 
 my breath fogged in its light . 
 a gate was a gate . 
 chapter eleven : delusion `` you 're in shit now , '' jonathan said to me . 
 the tires stuttered on the snow . 
 snowflakes crumbled on the windshield as we drove down the long , dark stretch of road . 
 the snow melted on the windshield . 
 the wipers pushed the slush away with a croaky squeak . 
 ahead of us , the high beams shone on snow which fell like static against the blackness . 
 this was wrong . 
 i was past this . 
 i was an adult now . 
 i looked down at myself ; i was wearing the sweats and t-shirt i slept in . 
 despite the wrongness , i did n't give way to panic . 
 an eerie calm had settled over me . 
 this was just a dream . 
 i turned in my seat and looked out my window . 
 in the glass , i saw my reflection . 
 it showed me : the adult sam -- stubble , baggy eyes , the whole deal . 
 the window showed nothing special . 
 just snow , trees and dark . 
 no connecting roads . 
 no traffic lights . 
 by now , we should have come to an intersection . 
 instead , we just passed mile after mile of narrow , tree-lined road . 
 `` nothing out there . '' 
 jon said . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 i answered . 
 jon was bigger than me . 
 alive , he 'd been my height , but now he dwarfed me in some way other than size : there was a fifth-dimensional largeness to him . 
 if we played basketball he 'd win , if he arm-wrestled me he 'd win , if he talked to girls he 'd be better at it . 
 he 'd always be bigger than me . 
 i turned to jon . 
 and stopped . 
 jon 's eye was missing . 
 faint light glowed from the dashboard readings . 
 it painted the car with a soft , dark brush . 
 in the dimness , i could n't find blood on jon 's face . 
 the abscess in his eye just gave way to darkness , like he was empty inside . 
 `` i 'm gon na teach you how to survive . '' 
 jon continued . 
 `` do you know what you have to do ? '' 
 what do i have to do jon ? 
 jon turned to face me . 
 half his face was bloody pulp , like it had been scraped off . 
 white cheekbone peeked out the mess , and a neat row of white bottom teeth . 
 the middle tooth had a silver filling on it . 
 my throat caught . 
 i tried to speak . 
 my tongue did n't work . 
 i tried to move . 
 for a second , i felt my hand respond . 
 but just as i began to lift it to the door , it went slack against my lap . 
 `` you 've got ta go down . '' 
 jon said . 
 i saw his tongue flatten inside his ruined mouth against the teeth . 
 `` you 've got ta find the dust . '' 
 dust ? 
 jon stared at me with his good eye . 
 the dashboard lit a gleaming crescent on it . 
 the pupil was black -- like the emptiness in his head . 
 but the darkness was just a fog . 
 it was an illusion . 
 there was light inside there -- i could tell . 
 red light . 
 `` he searches the halls of permanence . '' 
 jon said . 
 he hissed , and ragged flesh skittered on his wound . 
 `` he hides and sneaks and tricks . 
 he seeks to undo reality , all for this world of dust . '' 
 the invisible hold on my throat relaxed . 
 i could speak . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he is dust . '' 
 jon said . 
 `` he is nothing . '' 
 cold seeped into my chest , cold so strong it hurt . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 jonathan 's body stared at me . 
 the darkness slowly parted around his eyes . 
 light grew behind them so gradually i could hardly notice . 
 they were red now , red like a supernova sun -- a badass , reality-warping thermonuclear reaction , going to shit . 
 slowly , jon said . 
 `` we are angels . '' 
 # `` you 're in shit now . '' 
 josh said . 
 i was driving the car down mississauga road . 
 the snow was bad -- it came in sheets that whited out the windshield . 
 the frozen wipers scraped against the glass . 
 some music would be nice . 
 i looked at the radio dial . 
 the car shuddered . 
 i reached over and tuned it to 96.3 . 
 the sound of glass breaking blasted through the speakers . 
 cracks , smashes and crinkles , like a crashing car . 
 i turned off the radio . 
 `` i 'm gon na teach you how to survive . '' 
 josh continued . 
 `` do you know what you have to do ? '' 
 i felt a bump . 
 the car swerved . 
 i jumped , and pulled at the wheel . 
 i felt the wheels skid beneath me . 
 the steering control came , went , came went . 
 i struggled to rein it in . 
 we were going too fast . 
 `` you 've got ta be fast . 
 you 've got ta be quick . '' 
 josh said . 
 blue fire burned out of josh 's stomach . 
 the flame was spreading , slowly , across josh 's chest . 
 it climbed thread by thread of his hoodie . 
 `` you 've got ta ask yourself : who are the stalker men ? '' 
 josh said . 
 i did n't care who the stalker men were . 
 i just wanted them gone . 
 i wanted this all gone . 
 i did n't want to care , and i did n't want to remember . 
 i wanted a normal life back . 
 `` think of everything in level zero -- think of what it is . '' 
 josh said . 
 i did n't want level zero . 
 my fingers strained on the wheel . 
 i gripped it hard . 
 i wanted josh gone . 
 i wanted amrith and lena and laurent gone . 
 i wanted them to never bother me again . 
 `` why do the stalker men exist ? '' 
 josh asked me . 
 `` they 're junk data , '' i seethed . 
 i 'd say anything for him to stop asking questions . 
 `` they do n't have a purpose , they 're just like level zero : an accident . '' 
 `` you still think that ? '' 
 josh asked me . 
 `` lena and amrith think like that , but did you ever think i did ? 
 you do n't see any connection between us and level zero ? 
 between us and the stalker men ? '' 
 i thought of the stalker man 's blue eyes , its soft white skin , its hideous , bony form . 
 i thought of the smell and the body and the wrongness of its voice . 
 the stalker men were light-years away from us . 
 `` no . '' 
 josh said , as if he heard my thoughts . 
 `` i think they 're very , very close . '' 
 the car jumped . 
 i started . 
 i jammed the brake but the car sped up . 
 the trees whirred by . 
 the tires whined . 
 i moved the wheel but felt the car swerve too fast . 
 we were in a skid . 
 josh 's entire chest was on fire . 
 it was spreading to his arms now . 
 the fire slowly eclipsed his elbows , his forearms , his hands . 
 it washed over the back of his head and spilled onto his face . 
 josh was made of light now : an angel . 
 `` do you know what retards say about death ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 the fire covered his eyes but it turned red . 
 red eyes in blue fire . 
 `` they say death gives us life . 
 that a coin ca n't exist without its other half . '' 
 the car was going fast . 
 too fast . 
 i jammed the break but nothing happened . 
 too much speed . 
 the engine roared in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` they do n't know we do n't live . 
 not really . '' 
 too much momentum . 
 `` just like jonathan . '' 
 so much noise . 
 `` just like you . '' 
 breaking glass . 
 spinning headlights . 
 cold air and cold snow . 
 darkness . 
 # my vision blurred . 
 blue lights . 
 red lights . 
 yellow lights . 
 cold wind . 
 so cold . 
 i moaned and felt carpet on my palms . 
 not my carpet . 
 i could tell foreign carpet from authentic homestyle carpet . 
 this carpet felt ropey , made from thick , corded fabric . 
 not like my threadbare ikea rug . 
 i bent double . 
 sleep pushed out at my face . 
 my eyelids swelled shut . 
 i fought them open . 
 had to see . 
 had to fight . 
 a cold breeze blew down my neck . 
 i shuddered . 
 where was i ? 
 a room , a small and dirty basement . 
 concrete walls with neon orange spray paint marking buried utility pipes and the smell of old furniture soaked with countless beer-spills . 
 i rolled against a sofa . 
 it was a threadbare yellow futon with white stuffing peeking out . 
 darkness hung like cobwebs in the corners of this room . 
 white pine beams criss-crossed the white stucco ceiling . 
 this was not my home . 
 but it was someone 's home . 
 a tv sat in the corner , and a laptop perched on a stained mahogany coffee-table . 
 i saw a lime green gameboy colour , which was strange because i 'd thrown out my own watermelon-pink one when i was in the sixth grade . 
 a staircase with a bare bulb hanging over it led upwards . 
 it looked like i was in someone 's basement . 
 a glass door to the side led out into a small garden area , flanked by a black wooden fence . 
 it was early morning outside -- in the garden white petunias were bobbing in grey earthen pots . 
 my ass shifted . 
 whatever i was sitting on crackled . 
 i looked down . 
 magazines i did n't recognize : a big white one called lapham 's quarterly with a strawberry on the front , a thick orange journal with the words new thought in tiny yellow letters at the bottom . 
 i tugged at the bottom of the pile and brought out a crumpled copy of national geographic . 
 that cold wind blew back at my neck again . 
 something mechanical kicked inside the walls . 
 who 's room was this ? 
 maybe it was mine . 
 i chuckled . 
 i leafed through the national geo and saw a few high-res photos of a hummingbird . 
 i threw the magazine to the side . 
 maybe it was my room . 
 maybe i was n't myself . 
 maybe i 'd dreamt of samuel j. flautt , level zero , the stalker men . 
 i grinned . 
 a cold wind blew at my neck . 
 it was really cold . 
 painful . 
 i knew what cold meant . 
 i looked behind me . 
 the stalker man . 
 it hung on the ceiling , its double-joints compressed its spider-limbs in half . 
 its fingers and toes curled around the beams , but i think that it would n't fall even if it let go . 
 the stalker man 's eyes stared , as always , right at me . 
 they were red now . 
 i did n't want to run ; i did n't want to give it the satisfaction of fear . 
 i wanted to turn away . 
 i wanted to ignore it and make it meaningless . 
 but i knew its eyes would keep staring . 
 so i stared back . 
 i thought it would be less freakish if it was smaller , but it was n't : the folded arms and legs just brought it closer to a human shape . 
 disgusting . 
 i hated it . 
 i hated it in my gut with caveman fear of the deformed . 
 there was a little bit of regret : it was real , my life was still fucked up . 
 there was a bit of sadness . 
 not a lot though . 
 i was past sadness . 
 we are concluded . 
 the voice was a thought . 
 it went into my head without the gurglings from the stalker man 's gut . 
 i 'd heard the thought-voice before , but had never known why it sometimes used that , or the forced intonations from its pervert-biology . 
 `` why are you talking to me now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i forced my voice level . 
 i could n't show my revulsion at this thing that should n't exist in daylight . 
 the stalker man 's shoulder 's rotated . 
 the joints clicked and slid like breaking bones . 
 the eyes never stopped staring . 
 did they ever stop staring ? 
 i do not speak to what is beneath me . 
 i do not speak to dust . 
 now i speak to you . 
 `` dust ? '' 
 i asked . 
 a white hand darted to the wall . 
 a white foot smacked the ceiling . 
 the stalker man soundlessly , and with that impossible speed , aligned itself like an arrow towards the gate . 
 finally , the thing 's head looked away . 
 no longer . 
 the stalker man reached down . 
 we are concluded ? 
 a wave of dizziness passed over me . 
 it started at the back of my neck , crawled over my scalp and cascaded down my face . 
 it earthed itself in my guy . 
 i stomached it . 
 static overwhelmed my eyes . 
 i felt sick , and the crazy , meaningless question asked itself : how was i going to get back home ? 
 except i was home . 
 i was on the floor , leaning against my bed . 
 my room was as i 'd left it last night . 
 the customary mess of clothes , papers , and teb flyers lay in a heap that was sure to fuse into sedimentary rock one of these days , my computers stuttered on my desk as they woke and went back to sleep , birdsong came from outside . 
 the sun was up . 
 a beam of light lit the floating dust above my bed . 
 the coffee machine whirred in the kitchen . 
 i heard greg 's footsteps pound down the living room . 
 the front door creaked open and squealed shut . 
 greg forgot to turn the tv off -- i heard breakfast television talking about banana milkshakes in streetsville . 
 my mouth tasted like ass . 
 the rest of me smelled pretty bad . 
 a horn honked outside . 
 traffic was always a bitch in the mornings . 
 my alarm clock spelled out the time in green . 
 it was 7:42 . 
 my alarm had n't gone off . 
 it was monday morning . 
 i was late for work . 
 # you have 3 notifications . 
 i checked the hr office . 
 empty . 
 i leaned back and took a long , careful look down the hallway . 
 empty . 
 i rifled through my gmail account for any business mail . 
 empty again . 
 i clicked the link to facebook . 
 i had an hour to go before lunch , and most of the hr staff were giving tours to the fleet of interns that started today . 
 the hr team had a new intern , a girl named sally . 
 sarah wrote her name , and a task list , on the whiteboard with the rest of us . 
 my name near the far left was spaced comfortably away from it . 
 the office was usually depressed on mondays ; no surprises there . 
 the sound , the air , the environment all seemed weaponized . 
 the phones rang too loud , the air ran too cold , and the unnatural light knocked our body-clocks into a circadian rhythm . 
 this monday had the added joy of interns ; i heard more laughter than i wanted , and a lot more mistakes : jammed copiers , calls for help , gmail-beeps telling me so-and-so was late , so-and-so forgot to punch the time-clock . 
 facebook popped up . 
 it disappointed me right away ; no interesting notifications . 
 thierry reeves , an annoyance from university , had invited me to protest against some war criminal being held in serbia ; lana epcott had invited me to a falun gong meeting ; and rohit had liked a colourful comment i 'd made about interns . 
 no messages from the level zero crowd . 
 i tried not to think about it . 
 i gripped my mouse and the plastic creaked . 
 `` enjoying that there facebook sam ? '' 
 henry 's voice asked . 
 i jumped . 
 the mouse popped out of its usb . 
 the tower of my computer wobbled . 
 henry was so close i was surprised i had n't smelled his old spice deodorant , or felt the threads of his teb hoodie on the back of my head . 
 `` no no , do n't get up man . '' 
 henry said . 
 he put a hand on my shoulder and eased me down . 
 `` sorry henry , '' i said . 
 `` lapse in judgement . '' 
 i plugged the mouse back into the usb and went to close the window . 
 henry stopped me . 
 `` no no , '' henry held out his hand . 
 `` let 's take a look . 
 let 's check out the notifications , you 've got any hot girls on your friends list ? '' 
 not the time old man . 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` sorry . 
 wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` i said it 's no problem , '' henry insisted so that i knew it was a massive problem . 
 `` show me your friends list . '' 
 `` that 's -- '' `` show me . '' 
 henry insisted . 
 i opened my friends list . 
 i was grabbing the mouse again . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i could keep calm . 
 i could keep calm . 
 `` dude , you 've got like , five girls ! '' 
 henry slapped me on the back . 
 my knuckles whitened on the mouse . 
 i scrolled down the list , slowly . 
 henry took in every picture and every name . 
 the humiliation was tangible . 
 `` yeah , click on her -- lena . '' 
 henry said . 
 i clicked on lena 's profile . 
 lena 's profile still had n't been affected by the recent format change . 
 i wonder how she 'd managed that . 
 her profile picture showed her and amrith with the faces photoshopped onto each other 's bodies . 
 it was creepy . 
 lena 's wall was pretty sparse . 
 the comments came in days apart . 
 the most recent comment came from two days ago . 
 someone named lori-lee had written : where are you ? 
 huh . 
 `` you enjoy , '' henry patted my back again . 
 i heard his suddenly audible footsteps leave the room . 
 that was probably a pay reduction right there , but i did n't care . 
 where are you ? 
 for some reason , that bothered me . 
 i went over to josh 's profile . 
 there was no activity there either -- but , he only had 21 friends . 
 i searched josh 's friends list . 
 amrith and laurent were both on there . 
 i clicked on both their profiles . 
 laurent 's profile was blocked , but amrith 's was n't . 
 on his wall , someone called juresh bhattia had written : dude answer ur phone . 
 this was from two days ago . 
 i bounced my foot on the floor . 
 i went back to josh 's profile -- not thinking of josh in the dreams i did n't forget . 
 josh with his stomach full of fire , spreading like a cancer , blackening skin . 
 fuck . 
 i bounced my leg harder . 
 josh , in my dreams , burning . 
 dying . 
 but dying was what people did . 
 they lived , they died . 
 they were more like machines than anything else . 
 people were , and then they were n't . 
 they came , and then they went away . 
 all the time . 
 people like jonathan . 
 if i could make it right ... but i could n't make it right . 
 the stalker man knew that much , i felt . 
 the stalker man had seen that . 
 dust . 
 he 'd called me dust . 
 i was dust . 
 we were all dust that scattered in the wake of its red , red eyes . 
 red eyes staring at me . 
 why had it 's eyes changed colour ? 
 i stepped outside the hr office . 
 the teb hallways with their flourescent lights and beige paint-job suddenly looked too much like a corporate level zero : the same room and same people repeated again and again in every direction . 
 i had to get out . 
 i took the narrow , empty hallways by the interview rooms , and skirted over to the elevators . 
 a group of three interns -- two girls and a guy -- were chatting next to the elevators , each holding folders , papers and official-looking crap . 
 one of them was gary geare . 
 he raised his hand to me as i walked past . 
 the elevator lobby was empty , but it was close enough to lunch that i could fake a trip down to the mr. greek at the bottom of the building . 
 i just needed to get some fresh air . 
 i took the elevator down . 
 no one joined me , and when the doors parted on the bottom floor i jammed my pass-card onto the turnstile and pounded for the closest exit . 
 it was hot outside ; the sun was out and basted my forehead . 
 i started sweating right away . 
 i unbuttoned my shirt and threw it down . 
 just needed fresh air , right ? 
 i unhooked my belt and slipped it out of its links . 
 i fed it into a trash can . 
 i 'd paid seventy dollars for that belt , what the hell ? 
 the teb building exits into a little brick plaza that looks out onto square one . 
 a wal-mart greeted me as i walked further and further from the building . 
 traffic was steady on the street in front of me . 
 i flipped out my keys and looked around for the underground parking entrance . 
 could n't find it . 
 thinking some more , i realized it was probably only accessible from the elevators inside . 
 i was n't going back inside . 
 i headed out in no direction at all . 
 i just wanted to get out . 
 # i 'd chosen to perform some hyperventilation in a brick plaza near some restaurants . 
 there was a fountain in the middle of the plaza . 
 its bottom shone with rusted pennies . 
 i did n't want to return to work . 
 something told me that i 'd passed the limit of strange shit there forever anyway . 
 i 'd ignored the three calls from my supervisor , and answering a fourth one would probably only get me chewed out . 
 and even if i deserved some discipline for freaking out on company time , that did n't mean i 'd walk into it . 
 the restaurants in the plaza were dead -- two were n't even open , and the others had about two people in each . 
 the only store doing well in this little plaza was an arab grocery store called botros mart . 
 i 'd tried calming down by going inside there to buy a snack ; the store smelled of pot-pourri and flour . 
 everything seemed to be either made of dried fruit or dried fruit stuck inside fist-sized blocks of nougat . 
 so i sat on the edge of the fountain , smelling the chlorinated water and trying not to flinch from the drops of cold water pattering on my back . 
 i held my head in my hands . 
 i felt hot . 
 it was too bright out . 
 and life sucked so much . 
 i had bad dreams that night not dreams where a stalker man hovered above me , but a bad dream . 
 i dreamt of josh and how i killed him . 
 # `` what are you doing with that josh ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my eyes saw in black and white and grey . 
 they saw squares of white dots , chequered out on a black sky . 
 my ears heard static . 
 every sound came in distorted like someone had hit the world 's whammy bar . 
 except it was all so clear . 
 `` the knife behind your back . '' 
 i said . 
 my voice echoed in the altered soundscape , and stretched like pulled harpstrings . 
 `` what knife ? '' 
 josh asked . 
 his voice was close . 
 right behind me . 
 `` the knife you 're holding out . '' 
 i said . 
 `` the knife you 're ready to -- '' i leaped ahead . 
 the edge of a knife prodded my back but did n't even break my clothes . 
 i spun . 
 josh , etched in black and grey , stood with the white , white knife out in something like a fighting stance . 
 `` it got you , '' josh said . 
 i flipped out my own knife . 
 i do n't know how i moved so fast . 
 josh jumped forward . 
 he swung the knife level with my throat . 
 i jumped back . 
 i turned and ran with the open blade against the pavement . 
 the scriiiitch of metal on asphalt rang out in the silence . 
 the light of a gate opened on the ground . 
 except it was red . 
 `` fuck , '' josh said at the gate . 
 a sound like falling rocks echoed from all around us . 
 `` sam stop , '' josh said . 
 i felt hunger . 
 but i felt strong . 
 there was thunder in my chest . 
 the emptiness . 
 it felt good . 
 i ran at josh . 
 `` it 's here ! '' 
 josh screamed . 
 my head was blank . 
 there was just purpose and intent . 
 i was movement abstracted from reason , like an equation relating the movement of a bullet . 
 did n't matter what i was doing , just mattered that i did . 
 i put out my foot . 
 it hit josh 's side . 
 the blow threw him to the side . 
 josh was on his back , but he got up right away . 
 i kicked him in the teeth . 
 `` oofh ! '' 
 josh recoiled . 
 he cupped his mouth and blood seeped out . 
 `` shhhchit . '' 
 his voice was slurred . 
 i sat on his chest , and grabbed his collar . 
 `` oh crap . '' 
 josh moaned . 
 `` oh crap . '' 
 red light everywhere . 
 i did n't remember this dream when i woke up . 
 chapter twelve : disappearance i rang the doorbell , and heard a three-tone ding-ding-dong on the other side of the door . 
 the sun baked the back of my neck . 
 for the past two days the hot weather had continued . 
 it was making my rounds around the city difficult . 
 i 'd cranked up the ac in my car , but it did n't help . 
 i had n't been to work in two days . 
 i had n't called them in two days . 
 whatever , i could look for better work later . 
 just now i had work to do . 
 i did n't know much about the level zero crowd ; i did n't know where they lived , where they went , or even what they 'd eat at mcdonald 's . 
 this made it difficult to find out what had happened to them . 
 but i had one memory : lena arshun 's house . 
 i remembered what it looked like as they 'd led me , handcuffed , out of it on that first rainy night when things went fucked up . 
 after scouring my apartment 's floor yesterday i 'd located an old couple who still owned a phonebook . 
 i 'd wrote down all twenty-five addresses for arshun in the toronto area . 
 this address was number twenty-three . 
 no one answered the door . 
 i looked around . 
 the house was normal-looking for the neighborhood , a bunch of small , semi-detached , red-brick tenements . 
 it had a balcony , a narrow driveway , and roses blooming along the lawn . 
 it looked like it belonged to someone 's grandmother . 
 the lawn of this house was browning . 
 i saw an old sprinkler disconnected from a nearby green garden hose running through the brittle grass . 
 the roses ' petals were limp and brown . 
 aside from the sunburn , this house was exactly as i remembered it from my first night in level zero . 
 this was the house i 'd arrived at when i first met josh and laurent down there . 
 the door still did n't open . 
 i resisted the urge to scratch away the flaking white paint . 
 i rang the doorbell again . 
 lena 's parents , if they lived here , were probably at work . 
 i heard footsteps . 
 a click in the lock . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 a woman 's voice asked . 
 at the door stood an old woman . 
 she had graying hair cut short like justin beiber and wore a huge white tank-top and men 's cargo shorts . 
 she did n't look like she 'd throw me out . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm a friend of lena 's . '' 
 the woman 's face sagged . 
 she looked old now : the lines of her mouth deepened , and drew dark patterns around her eyes . 
 she placed her hand on the doorframe and her posture subtly shifted so that she relied on it for weight . 
 her body language was clear ; i 'd obviously upset her . 
 awesome . 
 `` this is her home ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the woman said . 
 `` yes , i 'm debbie . 
 i 'm lena 's grandmother . '' 
 i could n't grin , not with this person in front of me looking at me for all the world like i was going to tell her something terrible . 
 but she remembered lena . 
 she had n't just vanished . 
 `` are you from the police ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she pointed at my clothes -- business casual for good first impressions . 
 `` they said they 'd send someone . '' 
 `` no debbie , '' i said . 
 had to say her name , had to look in her eyes , had to look trustworthy so she 'd tell me everything . 
 `` i 'm a friend . '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` i 've been trying touch with her , but i ca n't find her , or any of her other friends . 
 i finally figured ... '' sound natural , sound like a good guy . 
 `` ... well , that i 'd just come down and check out what was going on . '' 
 `` lena 's been missing . '' 
 debbie sighed . 
 her voice wheezed like a squeezing sponge . 
 `` so 's her boyfriend . 
 we 're worried something happened to both of them . '' 
 debbie 's shoulder 's shook . 
 she wrapped her hands around her sides . 
 `` uh , uh , can i come in ? '' 
 i asked . 
 debbie made a small noise at the back of her throat . 
 she nodded , and held the door open for me . 
 the house was exactly as i remembered : it even smelled of the same pot-pourri . 
 same blue carpets , pictures of boats , family , china figures and doilies . 
 `` rachel and arman are both at work , '' debbie said as i entered . 
 `` i 'm at home all day so i 've been waiting for news from the police . '' 
 she closed the door behind me . 
 `` and there 've been other people coming to look for lena . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 debbie wandered past me and into another room . 
 she did n't look at me . 
 i went to follow her and bumped into a side table . 
 there was a card on top of the table . 
 the card was emblazoned with the crest for ... was that ryerson ? 
 i picked up the card . 
 it was the ryerson crest . 
 the name on the card read : daniel thornton , associate professor of philosophy at ryerson university . 
 i slipped the card into my pocket . 
 i joined debbie in the other room . 
 the lights were off and the light from outside was just enough to keep me from tripping over something . 
 debbie sat on a floral-patterned sofa like the one i remembered from the basement . 
 i sat on the one facing it . 
 it gushed vanilla scent . 
 `` lena was n't here one morning , '' debbie said . 
 `` we think she went out to see amrith , but when she did n't come back ... '' she shuddered . 
 i tapped my foot . 
 come on old woman , i did n't have all day . 
 `` amrith was n't there , '' she said , her voice high and scratchy . 
 `` she was n't there . 
 we do n't know what happened to them . 
 and we called the police and -- '' debbie cut off . 
 she was breathing heavily like she was about to go into a fit . 
 `` has anyone else come looking for her ? '' 
 i asked , thinking for some reason about the card . 
 `` and of her other friends ? '' 
 i continued . 
 `` any ... men ? '' 
 long hair , poor diet , no fashion sense . 
 if i was right ... `` no friends . 
 just you and -- there was a man , '' debbie choked out . 
 `` he was so strange . 
 fat , with a big beard and dressed all in tweed and -- '' bingo . 
 `` hairy knuckles ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe , '' debbie sniffed . 
 she reached beside her for a box of puffs tissue with a picture of kittens on it . 
 `` spotty hands ? 
 sort of a -- a loudmouth ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he was very forward . '' 
 debbie said to the tissue . 
 she dabbed her eyes and nose with it . 
 `` and what was this man 's name ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . 
 he left his card . '' 
 debbie tucked the tissue into her sleeve and wiped a drop from her nose . 
 thank goodness she was too grief-stricken to care about my questions . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i got out of there as fast as i could , but politely in case i needed something from debbie later . 
 i made up some story about knowing lena from school and just being concerned on behalf of the prime minister or some bullshit i forgot as soon as i headed out the driveway . 
 daniel thornton , i read again on the card as i drove back to my apartment and to the phonebook that could tell me where he lived . 
 it looked like one member of the level zero crowd had n't disappeared . 
 # it was nearly sundown by the time i turned off of bloor street looking for daniel thornton 's home . 
 the heat had n't let up , and i had my ac up all the way so that cold air blasted on my neck like the cold breath of a stalker man . 
 professor daniel thornton , of course he was a professor -- only an educator could be as obnoxious as he was , lived in mississauga where bloor street began . 
 there was a school nearby , and one or two apartment buildings . 
 for the most part it was ranch-style houses though , with sprinklers and flower gardens and one or two tasteless lawn ornaments . 
 i even saw a pink flamingo-thing on the way over . 
 well , he was an associate professor -- probably could n't afford more . 
 i turned onto mccall drive ; the houses suddenly turned a lot more trashy . 
 the sidewalks turned to gravel sides , the driveways became narrow strips of asphalt cutting across unmowed lawns . 
 two kids rode by on bicycles . 
 they were wearing purple hoodies that i 'm sure they thought were cool . 
 thornton 's address was 344 mccall . 
 i was at 232 . 
 i swerved away from a white boat someone had parked beside their house and ground up against the gravel shoulder . 
 a wave of dust kicked up and rocks tapped the bottom of my car . 
 i did n't know what i 'd say to thornton when i found him . 
 it could be that he knew as little as i did about the disappearance of lena and the others . 
 but he did n't know about the red eyes , and about josh . 
 i 'd probably ask him more about the stalker men first . 
 maybe i 'd ask him why the hell a phd in metaphysics called himself `` haze . '' 
 the numbers rolled up to 340 , 342 , and finally 344 . 
 344 sat on the curb of mccall and another street called chatham . 
 it was probably the best of the houses on this street ; it had a hedge on the curb side , and the grass was green and only partially blanketed with weeds and dandelions . 
 a wilting mulberry tree slumped beside the hedge , and the grass was stained purple around it . 
 the driveway was empty . 
 the front door was open , revealing a closed screen door . 
 i pulled in . 
 the car grumbled to a halt . 
 the house was quiet . 
 no lights on . 
 no sign of movement inside . 
 i got out of my car and shut the door . 
 i flinched at the noise . 
 i took a few steps through the lawn . 
 the long , dry grass tore as i walked through it . 
 as i got closer , the house did n't give any indication of life . 
 i pulled out the card . 
 i checked the address again . 
 the number was correct , and google maps could n't have lied to me . 
 had haze vanished too ? 
 i bit my lip at the thought . 
 i went up to the door and rang the bell . 
 `` haze ! '' 
 i called . 
 `` haze are you in there !? '' 
 i could see a bare hallway through the screen door . 
 no people . 
 `` haze ! '' 
 i called . 
 `` daniel ! 
 ... professor thornton ! '' 
 no response , no sound . 
 my voice sank into the house like water on dry earth . 
 the entire street was quiet . 
 there were n't even summer crickets chirping their fuck-songs . 
 without thinking , i pushed at the screen door . 
 it swung open . 
 a long creak whined out the rusted joints , ending in a deep , long groan . 
 well that was creepy . 
 `` haze ? '' 
 i called again . 
 it was too dark to see inside . 
 i went to use the flashlight app on my cell phone , but remembered i did n't own a phone anymore . 
 that fucking santa . 
 i took a careful step inside . 
 the wood creaked under my foot . 
 nothing stepped out to eat me . 
 i took another step inside . 
 i held my hands to the wall for balance and took yet another step . 
 dust came off on my fingers . 
 the darkness swelled like a physical presence . 
 i edged forward . 
 i hoped that haze did n't fill his house with bear-traps or something . 
 this house smelled odd ; not bad , but not normal . 
 it did n't smell like indoors , or all the domestic hallmarks that made a space livable . 
 no febreeze , no fading odour of food , no vacuum-cleaned carpet . 
 for the most part it smelled like the air outside , except with an acrid undercurrent , like rot . 
 why did haze keep his house like this ? 
 my fingers found a light switch . 
 i flicked it on . 
 a bare bulb flashed above me . 
 light burst into the hallway , illuminating the entire thing . 
 the light stuttered . 
 it flickered over flaking paint , sagging plaster , and cracked drywall . 
 my stomach tightened . 
 this was n't normal . 
 this house was a ruin . 
 i took my hand away from the wall . 
 i saw graffiti over it in black magic-marker . 
 the graffiti said something about donnie p being awesome and brittney j being a slut . 
 a lot more of it was just drawings of symbols and stick-figures , like paleographs . 
 the entire hallway was wrecked : a long fissure ran up one wall , revealing the junctures in the drywall . 
 the wooden floor was flecked with dirt and chipped . 
 dust and crap lined the walls and a torn table leg jutted out the nearest doorway . 
 who 'd put a house like this on a business card ? 
 homeless guy . 
 eccentric guy . 
 crazy guy . 
 my head reeled through a string of words . 
 it finally settled on one that left a sour taste in my mouth . 
 liar . 
 i was about to go ahead when i stopped . 
 there was something just ahead of me . 
 i bent down to look . 
 buried beneath the dust was a line of debris , running from one side of the hallway to the other . 
 i brushed away the dust . 
 the stuff beneath glimmered . 
 broken glass . 
 i shivered . 
 the trap was obvious , but its presence unnerved me . 
 was it to keep out dogs and raccoons ? 
 or was it a warning ? 
 i stepped over the line of glass . 
 the hallway branched off here into a kitchen and a living room . 
 the kitchen was smashed up : broken cupboards , cracked island , and a black stain that looked like ash . 
 against all reason someone had lit a campfire here long ago . 
 the living room was empty : pilfered of anything useful . 
 the window in the living room was cracked open . 
 warm air wafted through it . 
 i saw a door in the living room . 
 wary for broken glass , exposed nails , or bare wiring , i stalked across the carpet . 
 the carpet beneath the door had an arc drawn across it in dust . 
 someone had been here recently . 
 i turned the doorknob slowly . 
 there was n't any dust on it . 
 the bolt unlocked inside , and i tugged the door open . 
 it revealed a narrow stairwell leading down after the third step , the stairway vanished into darkness . 
 cold air floated from up the stairs . 
 i felt for a switch on the walls but could n't find anything . 
 i gave up and descended into the dark . 
 the air smelled cold and dank here , as if it was the source of some rot . 
 after the heat from outside , the temperature felt unnatural . 
 there was a light down there ... i eased my way down the stairs . 
 nothing came after me ; haze did n't jump out with a gun like a b-movie villain . 
 i got the feeling that if anything came to scare me here , it 'd be the more subtle kind of scary . 
 just a feeling . 
 i came to the end of the staircase . 
 i felt at the bottom , and broken glass tinkled . 
 so , there was more . 
 i swept it away with my foot , creating more noise than i wanted to make in this quiet place . 
 and stepped onto the floor . 
 the floor felt like rock . 
 my fingers brushed the walls and they felt like unfinished drywall . 
 i finally found a switch and flicked it on . 
 the lights came on . 
 i remembered this room . 
 i stepped forward . 
 grass crunched beneath my feet . 
 this basement was small , dirty and unfinished . 
 orange spray-paint marked the walls , and a yellow futon with the stuffing coming out extended from the wall . 
 cobwebs waved from the wooden rafters . 
 there was a stained coffee table with a lime-green gameboy colour . 
 a pile of magazines sprawled underneath the table . 
 red light flared from the wall , near the head of the futon . 
 i blinked , but was n't really surprised . 
 the red gate . 
 i 'd been here two days ago , after awakening from the stalker man 's bad dream . 
 what did this mean ? 
 i sat on the sofa , surveying the gate for any changes or irregularities . 
 i did n't notice any . 
 i was probably too stupid to tell . 
 the red gate broke several rules : it appeared by itself , without a knife imbued with the alpha-gate 's awesome sauce . 
 it did n't flicker off , like other gates did . 
 it did n't hum , like other gates did . 
 a gust blew through the house upstairs . 
 wood creaked . 
 something crashed to the floor . 
 maybe some raccoons had snuck inside . 
 i did n't pay attention . 
 the colour of the gate was the most disturbing thing of all . 
 the carmine glow was tuned too close to blood . 
 the regular gates and their sterile blue were comforting compared to this . 
 what was wrong with these gates that they 'd turned red ? 
 i bunched my shirt for warmth and wished i 'd brought a sweater . 
 maybe the problem was n't the gate . 
 maybe , since the stalker man had sent me to level zero , i was just seeing things differently . 
 another porcelain crack came from upstairs . 
 but there was n't any wind now . 
 i wondered suddenly why the front door had been unlocked . 
 `` thought you 'd come back here . '' 
 # haze . 
 he stood at the edge of the light . 
 his right hand held a flashlight . 
 his left hand grasped a fucking butterfly knife . 
 a butterfly knife is a type of folding knife native to the philippines . 
 the blade is normally lodged between two pieces of wood that can be pulled apart . 
 the wood becomes the handle and the blade becomes the thing you kill things with . 
 butterfly knives are n't made to be concealed like pocket knives or switchblades . 
 they 're full-on combat gear . 
 haze 's weapon was the length of a steak-knife . 
 the grey steel was flecked with brown rust . 
 but even though it did n't look well-kept , it looked sharp enough to kill something . 
 the old man looked tired now . 
 his beard was dirtier . 
 his flat-ironed hair ran into knots . 
 he 'd lost weight ; sharp edges protruded out of his pudgy face . 
 he looked like he had n't eaten since i saw him two weeks ago . 
 `` daniel , '' i said . 
 my voice came out smooth and level . 
 fear was taking over . 
 it was leaching out my feelings , turning the world into smooth angles and trajectories . 
 i started gauging haze 's reach , the force it would take to pierce my skin and whether or not an associate philosophy professor could generate that force . 
 `` shut up , '' haze said . 
 he waved the butterfly knife . 
 it was a stupid gesture but the knife was sharp enough to make it scary . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i came to talk to you . 
 where is everyone ? '' 
 haze curled his lips . 
 the knife trembled in his hand . 
 `` what 's with these red gates ? '' 
 i asked . 
 haze turned on the flashlight . 
 bright yellow light blasted out of it . 
 he held the flashlight level at the red gate . 
 `` it looks blue to me , '' haze announced . 
 `` so do your eyes . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're glowing like christmas lights , '' he observed . 
 that was n't true . 
 haze entered the light . 
 the flashlight stayed level with the gate . 
 what was he doing with that ? 
 `` you killed josh , '' haze said . 
 `` not my choice , '' i said . 
 `` i know , '' haze said . 
 his fingers whitened on the knife handle . 
 needed a weapon . 
 needed a way to block the knife , hurt haze , and get out . 
 if he swung i smack it aside and smash his knees . 
 `` i. '' haze tensed . 
 his knees locked into a sprinter 's bent . 
 his shoulders stiffened . 
 `` know ! '' 
 haze darted past me . 
 the knife went up and i thought he 'd stab me . 
 he tackled me instead . 
 his shoulder caught me in the solar plexus and drove the air out of my chest . 
 something crunched inside me . 
 i flew back onto the sofa . 
 the edge of it dug into my kidneys . 
 my head flew back . 
 haze charged at the gate . 
 he vanished through it . 
 i rolled onto the floor , doubled over . 
 i choked on the pain . 
 i closed my eyes and stars wheeled beneath my eyelids . 
 pain roiled through my gut . 
 my heart felt full to bursting . 
 my stomach heaved and i gulped down . 
 i got shakily to my feet . 
 whatever haze was doing , i needed to find out . 
 i lurched into the gate . 
 chapter thirteen : stalker man `` aagh ! '' 
 the scream came so fast i thought it was mine . 
 but then my feet touched down on the smooth floors of level zero , and i realized it was haze 's voice . 
 `` haze ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 my voice blared surround-sound out of every corner . 
 haze screamed again . 
 i heard it like i 'd heard my own voice ; it raked the empty rooms of level zero , gurgling and wheezing and fading out . 
 it was noise without a purpose , no hope , no meaning , just a cry . 
 it sent a chill inside my gut . 
 i looked around : level zero was normal today ; three lights like fireflies chased each other in the corner of this room . 
 their lights lapped like waves at the empty doorways , leading forever into endless repetition . 
 i waited for a voice , a scream , even the rumble of a stalker man , but nothing came . 
 i cocked my head . 
 i smelled the fried-tin air . 
 nothing told me where haze was . 
 the gate glowed supernova red behind me . 
 i leaned out the leftmost doorway . 
 the room it led to was dark -- no floating lights , no gates . 
 i wondered , if i got lost here , what would happen ? 
 i did n't care at the moment . 
 i was too pissed off that my investigation had landed me again in level zero . 
 i looked out the middle doorway . 
 still nothing . 
 i might have no choice but to go back anyway , that or wander indefinitely in the gloom . 
 and haze said my eyes were glowing -- so i 'd look just like a stalker man , from a distance . 
 doors number one and two were empty . 
 i checked doorway number three . 
 the room it led to was blank as well . 
 wait . 
 something like rusty neon flickered in the middle of this room . 
 i walked towards it and the gate 's red glow dimmed behind me . 
 this light did n't look normal . 
 it did n't fly . 
 it did n't move . 
 it was n't a neat , geometric shape either , it was a crescent smear on the ground . 
 it looked a bit like a liquid , glowing under blacklight . 
 i touched the smear . 
 it came off on my finger and painted the ridges of my skin in light . 
 it smelled like copper . 
 # `` i do n't believe it , '' i said . 
 endless hallways , filled with light . 
 `` dan never believes you , '' arnold joked to gary . 
 black walls the temperature of blood . 
 energy humming beneath my feet . 
 `` asshole , '' i muttered . 
 no people . 
 no noise . 
 just me . 
 `` are you okay daniel ? '' 
 gary asked . 
 for the first time since they 'd taken me through the alpha gate , i looked back at gary , arnold and terry . 
 terry and arnold reclined against the walls , trying to be cool in a place antithetical to everything we 'd been taught . 
 around their waists looped velcro belts loaded with food , water and flashlights . 
 they wore survival gear , as if this place was dangerous . 
 i wondered briefly why gary had shown this place to them first . 
 they obviously did n't understand what this was . 
 it did n't matter . 
 he 'd shown me now . 
 gary weiss stood apart from all of us , lit from behind by a flurry of yellow lights that swarmed us fireflies . 
 he was dressed in his business-casual alone seemed to know what we stood in . 
 he knew this place was sacred . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 i whispered . 
 # i struggled to retain the sounds and images , already sinking from my consciousness . 
 but the false memory was fading like a dream . 
 that was haze 's memory . 
 when he 'd first been taken to level zero . 
 i rubbed my fingers together and the glowing liquid painted the lines of my fingers . 
 it was blood . 
 haze had probably cut himself with his knife , or maybe i 'd broken something when i elbowed his nose . 
 `` what are you doing here haze ? '' 
 i asked myself . 
 once again , my voice sounded different now , coming from all directions and all the doorways . 
 i had a brief vision of four clones of me , standing at the four doorways , repeating everything i said in unision . 
 of course that was stupid , there was only one of me . 
 but people were all so interchangeable anyway ... i wiped the blood on my pants where it glowed neon . 
 i stared at the puddle in the middle of the room for a while . 
 i got an idea of how to find haze . 
 i scooped up the rest of the blood . 
 i cringed a bit ; it was sticky , and lukewarm like the walls of level zero . 
 hopefully handling the blood would be the worst part , and haze did n't have any diseases that i could somehow get from using his blood as paint . 
 i dabbed the middle of the room with a thumprint . 
 it glowed oil-spill light , subtly , gently changing from red to purple to sickening green . 
 i headed down the rooms . 
 i marked the middle of each one with a glowing thumbprint . 
 this way i could keep track of where i went . 
 at first i moved in circles around the room i found the blood in . 
 the pattern was similar to how i 'd moved when i first came to level zero . 
 after i completed three circles around the blood-room , i found something . 
 a fleck of blood . 
 it was just a spot near the doorway , shining first highlighter-yellow then turning to a dark , rotten orange . 
 it balanced against gravity into a perfect sphere . 
 the imperfection on level zero 's perfect smoothness was a bit jarring . 
 i reached out . 
 # `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 arnold screamed . 
 `` relax , '' i said . 
 `` it 's a stalker man . '' 
 the blue lights wavered down the long hallway . 
 i held my breath . 
 arnold stood silently next to me . 
 i crouched down . 
 my skin flashed hot and cold . 
 my lungs burned . 
 i could n't breath if i wanted to . 
 they blinked , turned , and continued on . 
 thank god . 
 i breathed out . 
 `` that was close . '' 
 i said . 
 `` dan will you please fill me in on what the hell that was ? '' 
 arnold whispered . 
 `` it 's a stalker man , '' i repeated , uncomfortable of the half-truth . 
 `` they ... they live down here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 arnold asked . 
 `` yep , '' i said . 
 he had to believe it . 
 the truth was too strange , and i could fix this before it spread . 
 i could definitely save gary . 
 # i bit my cheek . 
 the pain forced me back into the present time and my present self . 
 another vision of a past that did n't belong to me . 
 but i had to remember this time . 
 i had to remember . 
 lies . 
 death . 
 something slinking through the rooms of level zero . 
 what was level zero and why did it have these stalker men ? 
 junk data ? 
 what a load of crap -- the world was n't a computer program , at least not how josh thought it was . 
 but my thoughts faded into the background and dried up to nothing . 
 i dabbed at the drop of blood . 
 i walked in a new set of circles that spiralled around the second blood-room . 
 it took me five repetitions to find a new room that had haze 's glowing blood inside it . 
 the blood was three streaks smudged along the wall , like haze had propped himself up there . 
 i had n't heard anything else from haze . 
 i touched the new streaks of blood , and when the vision came i was ready for them . 
 # `` you 'll need to be careful , '' i said . 
 lena and amrith strapped the belts on . 
 flashlights , food , water . 
 the gear was more for their psychological well-being than anything else ; level zero did n't make you hungry , technically you did n't even breath the air inside it . 
 `` should n't be a problem , '' amrith said . 
 `` you showed us everything . '' 
 `` we have the cloaking rings , '' lena said . 
 she smiled and flicked the gold rings dangling from her ear . 
 i sat cross-legged in front of the gate . 
 it was the first stable one i 'd opened since the dreams started . 
 the gate glowed up the wall of my basement . 
 i 'd developed a way to seal the gates from inside level zero . 
 it would keep out unwanted visitors , and let me do my research in peace . 
 laurent and josh bent over a thin black netbook at the corner of the room . 
 laurent had hooked something up to monitor wireless communications inside level zero . 
 amrith and lena both carried walkie-talkies on their belts . 
 they did n't carry markers , tape , or anything that could reveal their location . 
 i was pretty sure that the stalker men could read information from anything we left behind there . 
 josh and laurent had led me to lena and amrith : i was worried about them . 
 they were fast , they 'd been doing backflips off a wall when laurent introduced them to me at the ryerson cafeteria . 
 but they needed to be careful . 
 i looked over at josh and laurent , still kneeling over the laptop , talking technology to each other . 
 it was a good choice to get them in on this . 
 i had my misgivings about using people , but i had to use these kids to map level zero . 
 otherwise it 'd keep on spreading . 
 `` time to go in , '' laurent announced . 
 amrith and lena looked at each other nervously . 
 lena grinned . 
 my stomach tightened . 
 i was n't afraid of arnold or terry . 
 all they could do was run and look creepy . 
 but gary was still down there . 
 # the vision faded . 
 i wrestled in my mind to keep it ; aside from the vision itself , there was subtext there -- background date not stated but known . 
 haze knew what level zero was . 
 and i now thought that the stalker men were anything but natural . 
 `` no ... '' my ears pricked . 
 haze 's voice again . 
 it gurgled out the walls , sickeningly low . 
 there was a tone to haze 's voice that i could n't place , like he 'd lost a battle he 'd fought for ages , or like he 'd dropped halfway through a long , long road . 
 it was a type of despair tempered by time and hope and determination , wrapped in what could have been . 
 i made more circles around that room . 
 what was level zero ? 
 this was what haze thought : level zero was n't a place . 
 it was a thing . 
 a living alien operating out of a different level of existence than ours . 
 it was a creature that slunk in a strange , formless void . 
 its tendrils gripped below into the world of space and matter , but also reached above and between . 
 it lived between time , and the world of force and projection . 
 it was an abomination of physics : the one true glitch that spat in the rules and lived in the world between abstraction and material . 
 it was this that let the level zero crowd use their crazy powers . 
 but for all of its strangeness , level zero was alive . 
 living things hungered . 
 and the stalker men were how it ate . 
 i did another circle . 
 i found another drop of blood a few rooms down . 
 i touched the blood and raw information went like an electric shock directly to my brain . 
 haze had tried to destroy level zero . 
 he 'd convinced lena , laurent , amrith and josh that it could be something fun . 
 he 'd used josh 's greed and laurent 's curiosity and amrith and lena 's aimless , nerdy sense of play . 
 he 'd tried to use them to map level zero and find the mythical alias to cure the stalker men and kill level zero . 
 the data streaming through my head clouded my vision . 
 my head whirled . 
 my skin prickled . 
 a jolt ran up my back and a single , clear image rose from the blood . 
 it was of myself , with glowing blue eyes , standing in haze 's basement . 
 i 'd come for him . 
 i 'd come for all of them but only haze had escaped . 
 `` no ... please stop . '' 
 the voice was a murmur . 
 unlike before , it was quiet , and i could tell it came from a few rooms away . 
 i took a left into the next room , turned , and stopped . 
 three rooms down , surrounded by a ring of red lights , haze knelt , streaked with psychedelic blood . 
 i came closer . 
 laurent , lena and amrith stood over haze . 
 their eyes glowed red , so red it was like their bodies were filled with light . 
 their eyes washed out the shadows of their faces , bleaching their features uniform . 
 their skin looked pale in the new light , and drawn back . 
 i slowly entered the room . 
 `` going to make me one of them ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' amrith said . 
 `` we are not above hate . '' 
 lena said . 
 `` we can hate very , very well . '' 
 laurent added . 
 haze 's body shuttered in place . 
 his skin roiled like a dust cloud . 
 and then , his body dissolved . 
 it started from the floor , trickling out in thin streams that began filled with the colour of their source , but faded to grey as they poured into the corners of the room . 
 slowly , haze 's legs disappeared `` fuck . '' 
 haze groaned . 
 haze 's chest fell inward like a ruined sand castle . 
 he threw his head , screamed , and his face collapsed into ash as i stared . 
 for the third time , i watched a man die . 
 this time i felt nothing . 
 good . 
 the dust that haze had been swept across the room , growing less and less . 
 amrith , lena and laurent said nothing . 
 i could remember now -- memories of tracking them down , pushing them into the gates and calmly erasing any data i could of their existence . 
 around us , level zero hummed . 
 its rooms all alike , its permanence tunnelling through a world of dust and dirt and death . 
 there was work to do . 
 people died . 
 they did n't need to . 
 darkness was coming . 
 it did n't have to . 
 the world was running down , the energy we 'd siphoned off the big bang was coming inexorably to a halt , and the earth was collapsing even faster . 
 we had to make the world join us . 
 we had to save it from itself . 
 there was a price of course . 
 but what was that to eternity ? 
 this was heaven after all . 
 and we were angels . 
 a red light flickered somewhere down the halls . 
 i could see farther now , and i could recognize the shape , even from so far away . 
 it was josh . 
 i raised my hand to him . 
 down the endless hallways , josh turned to me . 
 his eyes glowed red now , like firework sparks . 
 he stared for a while , a ghost in an endless dream . 
 i wondered what we would say if we were close enough to talk . 
 i wondered if there would be talk from now on . 
 it seemed not . 
 it seemed like we would all walk apart from each other , forever . 
 perhaps our paths would overlap , perhaps we 'd run parallel to each other , but actually stopping to come together ? 
 never . 
 i knew this without thinking . 
 not so different from the outside then . 
 josh turned away , and kept on walking . 
