 only skin by bp gregory copyright 2012 bp gregory . 
 all rights reserved . 
 all rights reserved . 
 this work is copyright apart from any use permitted under the copyright act 1968 . 
 this work may not be reproduced or transmitted in part or in its entirety in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , nor may any other exclusive right be exercised , without the prior written consent of the author bp gregory , except where permitted by law . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 places and place names are either fictional , or used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to persons either living or dead is purely co-incidental . 
 smashwords edition . 
 epub isbn 9781301297861 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you are reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , please purchase your own copy from a retailer . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 it 's the folk who love books who help writers keep going . 
 acknowledgments thank you again to my patient and diligent proofreaders jason and ahren , and also to my family for their love and support . 
 only skin cover image by deepspacedave courtesy of shutterstock . 
 outermen cover image by sergey kamshylin , automatons cover image by ninam , orotund cover image by alex malikov , and visit the house image by peter dedeurwaerder all courtesy of shutterstock . 
 only skin one the man at the beach i was the man at the beach . 
 i have a name , and it is not god . 
 it 's simon . 
 it was the bright , hot beach of a real patriotic summer , more real than real . 
 a scene etched mercilessly on reality in wavelengths of burning light . 
 and such a promisingly dressed set could not stand empty , of course : where would a production be without its cast ? 
 after a slogging spring the locals had flocked to the shore en masse to warm sluggish blood and cultivate a gift box assortment of cancer along the way . 
 nobody took precautions on the first day of summer , but they would pay for it . 
 the harsh light ricocheted off suspended salt to stab back , brilliant and blinding . 
 everything was reflective -- well , everything but the people , that was , and the light bounced about frenetically until it found them . 
 curved grey glasses , slick designer mirrors , shielded my eyes from both the glare and the crowd . 
 unless you crack open your skull , the eyes are the only visible part of the brain . 
 they spring from it , perceive for it , and tears are practically the wetness of the nerve cells themselves . 
 forget the soul . 
 by looking someone in the eye you can see directly into their mind . 
 thus , the shades . 
 a modern social necessity , one might say . 
 not being part of the herd i kept plenty of sun lotion to hand , although not for protection . 
 nothing felt so good as massaging its milky chill into my skin . 
 apply liberally every few hours -lrb- or minutes , or seconds -rrb- . 
 whenever i catch a whiff of it i always associate the peculiar invasive tang of sunscreen with the beach . 
 with the open coast , the sun , and the chance to scrutinise my own body . 
 in furtherance of this i wore white jogging shorts , borderline indecent where no man 's land was the width of a hair . 
 not a scrape , scar or even a freckle to mar the view ; i did not need to look up to know the eyes of the entire beach were on me . 
 men as well as women could not help but look , hungrily eating up the vista of me from head to toe . 
 in short , the beach-going public gawked shamelessly . 
 but although i luxuriated in their regard , warmed like a sleek hound before a fire , i could not resist a knowing smirk . 
 which among the herd seriously thought that they could have me ? 
 who dreamed of pressing themselves against simon ballard in the dead of night , fumbling and clutching in their greed to possess ? 
 yeah , fat old chance . 
 those looks : ranging from the shy glance of a girl just broken her teens , to the leer of what in a better world would be a sober matron ; were the closest they would get . 
 the dear , dear public . 
 unaware that from behind my curved glass wall i watched , they kindly treated me to a glimpse of that base humanity they try so desperately to hide . 
 from the world , from each other , but so very especially from themselves . 
 for instance the blond teenette with the covert eyes was now discreetly picking her nose , covering up with the other hand and hoping nobody could see . 
 the dilemma was clear in her face : she knew , just knew she should not be picking in public , but whatever she 'd hooked was just too good to let be . 
 that candy pink nail jittered over the nasal wall like a seismograph needle , always catching slightly on the rim . 
 gloating and ashamed she pulled it out , inspected -lrb- perhaps flicking something away -rrb- , and then dove in for another try . 
 after only a few minutes of observation i was sure i could take up a pencil and confidently map the entire moonscape of her sinuses . 
 and the matron . 
 oh lord , what a woman . 
 she was a rutting sunflower turning irresistibly not only to me , but to the sunshine glow of every passing male . 
 anything on three legs would do . 
 every now and again she licked her stubby lips ponderingly and left them shiny and wet . 
 i was reminded of those old fashioned cartoons where the rottweiler sits outside of the butcher 's shop staring in through the window . 
 i shuddered to imagine what was going on in her head -lrb- or any other part of her , for that matter -rrb- . 
 the matron had donned , in positively charming beige , the frilliest bathing suit on the planet . 
 its little ruffles , layer upon layer of them , spilled across her copious flesh like collected scum on a pond . 
 she might be some toxic alien sea cucumber , plunked glistening down on the sand . 
 salt . 
 that was the other major element of the beach : we had light , and salt . 
 the air was thick with it and not just sea salt , either . 
 the holiday makers sweated away enthusiastically under the sun , transforming themselves , not into pillars , but rather into big fleshy saltlicks . 
 chubby pink sausages on the grill . 
 their sizzling odour tantalised my nostrils even over the sunscreen tang : it was the sort of smell that , once found , lodged firmly in your nasal memory and stayed there forever . 
 you had to wonder why the public came out at all , when they all looked and smelled so unhappy . 
 i of course never became so hot and horrible . 
 i knew a special place . 
 a cold place . 
 all i needed to do was think of it and wham ! 
 the rest of my world became just as cool . 
 with a secret like this i could stare into the sun . 
 speaking of that special place , it was getting on time to head home . 
 the beach box shadows had achieved crisp trapezoid perfection , elongated until they almost touched the car park . 
 the sunlight had turned burning orange and lanced in at eye level . 
 it was a shame , but nothing good ever tends to last , not even the most perfect day . 
 i gathered up my towel , crunchy with sand , and shook out my genitals , also crunchy with sand . 
 it was amazing how those inanimate grains of silica could get up your leg so fast ! 
 it was like they made a pact of it : last one to the balls is a rotten egg . 
 in fact , i knew a certain lady who was of remarkably similar temperament , but that was for later . 
 she belonged to an other world than this . 
 so , to home . 
 barefoot with my black bag over one shoulder and towel looped casually about my neck , i strolled up the beach . 
 all around me others had had the same idea , but with no cool place to keep in mind they hopped erratically across the hot sand like march hares , lugging this and that back to rusting station wagons on tender feet . 
 when they reached the parking lot 's sticky tarmac , it became a frenzied bee dance of pain . 
 while i sailed sedately on by . 
 it was quite a hike back to the seclusion of my hideously overpriced `` beach house '' . 
 if you stood on the porch and craned , you could sort of catch a whiff of the sea . 
 a more than decent walk through busy air conditioned streets of designer surf shops and ice cream parlours . 
 out , and through the brief roasted suburbs . 
 the road gradually became thinner , and traffic petered out . 
 properties with their rickety fences stepped further and further apart . 
 finally what i trod was the compacted dustiness of a dirt track , where bulldog ants scurried from my feet in the lee of overhanging trees . 
 who can spell `` fire hazard '' ? 
 the vegetation , scrambled scrub for the most part , was shrivelling in the furnace ; although admittedly the natives did it with a certain perverse glee as interloping species gasped and died . 
 this unloved space was the locale 's most attractive feature , and it lay all around me . 
 sapless tree husks sprawled back and back over the horizon into forever . 
 i might not even have neighbours . 
 the track went languidly nowhere , a drunken fence capping the end ; and only one car passed me the entire way down . 
 a white four-wheel-drive oven , roaring over potholes like a mechanised thunder god . 
 test drive our new off-road model . 
 if you can find the pristine wilderness , we 'll crush it under tread . 
 dust boiled from beneath the wheel wells . 
 in its wake the ants went crazy . 
 refusing to be put out i stood balanced on a tree root until they had returned to such calm as those nasty bloated bugs could get . 
 they ran over each other and everything looking for an enemy to bite , hurling burnished copper bodies about like projectiles on spindly legs . 
 i waited patiently , but as i looked down the path after the car my eyes glittered . 
 set far back in a wilderness of scrub , my private castle was the most isolated of them all . 
 for a moat : one long , unbroken wire strand fence . 
 as guards i posted `` no trespassing '' signs . 
 there was no gate . 
 i would have even gone all out and ringed the lot with wicked barbed wire , if it were n't for the terror of slicing myself while climbing through . 
 nothing , not even peace of mind was worth that risk . 
 lifting the top wire , i slid between the strands and pulled my bag through . 
 then , safely home , i paused for an indulgent moment and closed my eyes to listen with pleasure . 
 the sounds and smell of this place , the rasping cicadas and violently quarrelling birds brought such a sweet smile to my lips because they were mine . 
 had anybody been watching they would have seen the profound peace a proper home can bring . 
 my public face , that semblance of casual ease , slowly gave ground bit by bit to a pure and true calm . 
 it was in the uncoiling of my shoulders , and the softening of facial planes into repose . 
 on my own territory i reverted to a cleaner , younger face . 
 home really is where the heart is . 
 it would have been easy for me to procure a beach house actually near the beach ; harder , but not impossible to find one with the privacy i required . 
 they would not have been home , though . 
 in fact , when i began my search i had n't anything in particular in mind at all . 
 perhaps , as the advertisements say , a personal slice of paradise . 
 you would think with such broad criteria the shopping would be simple , but oh no . 
 the coast was literally drowning in whitewashed rotting shanties , aimed at the retired pirate market . 
 full of ye olde worlde charm -lrb- e -rrb- , as though tacking `` e `` s to the write up made a heap of shit anything but . 
 gradually , poor soul that i am , i began to despair -- and to suspect the real estate agent of stringing me along for more time with her indecent eyes . 
 i came very close to quitting . 
 but then we came here . 
 right away i knew it had to be mine . 
 the smooth amber paint , the smell of the carpet ; the very air told me . 
 down , they sighed . 
 downstairs . 
 the estate agent , who had siamese twinned herself against me up until this point , balked nervously at the head of the stairs . 
 instead of following she shouted down to me in a voice gone inexplicably tight and high . 
 ` admittedly the place is a bit chilly now -- has n't been occupied for so long , you see . 
 but think how great it would be when summer hits : a nice , cool house to come home to , with a huge cold stone cellar . 
 um ... are you ok down there ? ' 
 ` i am , ' i murmured . 
 ` i most certainly am . ' 
 i emerged from the darkness with features fully animated for the first time in our tiresomely protracted relations . 
 the real estate agent , silly woman , positively glowed under my regard and began to fuss at her hair coquettishly . 
 ` it 's not about you ! ' 
 i told her irritably . 
 ` pardon ? ' 
 i waved off her confusion . 
 ` how much for this place ? ' 
 she started fumbling nervously through her folio , french polished nails ticking through reports . 
 ` on second thought , do n't trouble yourself with negotiation . 
 i 'm taking it . 
 have the paperwork ready tomorrow and i 'll swing by to autograph every sheet . ' 
 ` but do n't you want to . . ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i do n't . ' 
 she probably was not allowed to just leave me on the premises , enthused client or no , but i was forcing her back toward the door . 
 ` thank you for doing your best to be useful . ' 
 before she knew it , the real estate agent was out on the porch . 
 i closed the door firmly on her astonished face . 
 and then , surprising myself , i began to laugh . 
 from then on , my every free moment has been spent here . 
 time snatched greedily at weekends ; whole weeks during converging public holidays ; and that glorious , glorious eternity off work for the big family funeral . 
 you 'd be crazy to go anywhere else . 
 wandering into the kitchen i drop-slid the bag to a corner and shed my shorts in a pattering shower of sand . 
 snakeskin tight , they had to be wiggled a bit at a time over my narrow hips , gumming up as they went with an oily sunscreen-beach residue . 
 i wiped myself down with the shorts , shrugged , and then dropped them in the bin . 
 i 'd never get them back to white again anyway . 
 humming throatily , i continued to the fridge and popped the top off a beer . 
 delicious : practically singing its way down my throat . 
 the bottle cap spun and clacked on the bench . 
 next shelf down beside the tomato juice lay a dented pack of cigarettes , like some forgotten alien vegetable . 
 sure , i wondered sometimes if it was weird to keep smokes in the fridge . 
 best to keep an eye out for signs of encroaching kookiness . 
 but for me , that faint worry was offset by the simple pleasure of placing a cooled filter between my lips . 
 imported beer and chilled cigarettes . 
 how rather up-market , how very swanky ; obviously not a hallmark of this corner of the globe . 
 relaxing into a chair i could count one , two , three reflections of myself without moving . 
 framed masterpieces from various angles . 
 the amount of time taken to position those mirrors just so did not bear thinking about ; it 's lucky i 'm a determined man . 
 the seat 's four pine legs were bolted securely to the floor to prevent it shifting and ruining my view . 
 smoke ghosts in triplicate roiled lazily from the mouths of my naked reflections . 
 careful to keep the cigarette turned away i pulled idly at my foreskin , then traversed the lightly furred line from chest to navel . 
 blond hairs glinted with red edges where they caught the light . 
 they followed a road across firm open land , over the smooth hillock rise of muscle . 
 down across my belly , tracing the cocked cut of my pelvis . 
 that was when i saw it . 
 i almost dropped my beer , certainly the cigarette pattered to the linoleum . 
 my free hand clenched convulsively . 
 that . 
 deliberately , with delicate care to prove just how calm and controlled i was , i set the beer down . 
 damned . 
 handsome features darkened with the same exaggerated control as i snatched up a tube of blemish mask . 
 scar ! 
 it was a small spot of scar on my hip . 
 small , but a point of grotesquery given the immaculate rest . 
 a diseased detail . 
 a bitter memento from the one time in my life that i ever fell sick . 
 i should have been perfect , truly perfect ; and i damn well had been up until then . 
 perfect was how i had been born , and was the way i was supposed to be . 
 the illness that ruined me for the rest of my life was chicken pox . 
 for days the body of poor simon-the-boy , previously so smooth and noble , had become a tormenting prison . 
 it itched , it itched . 
 only little simon 's hideous fear of scarring prevented him from scratching , but fear could not stop the stinging wasps in his skin . 
 big heavy bodied european wasps , burrowing , striking . 
 and the terrible raw itching went on . 
 simon would lie outstretched on his bed , rigid with revulsion . 
 he kept the lights out in his room , stayed in the dark so that nobody could see what he had become . 
 he knew , however . 
 he could not hide from himself . 
 and in the end , there was no hiding from his dear loving family either . 
 often i ponder that if it had not been for them , would simon-the-boy have endured his test of illness and emerged triumphant ? 
 i like to think so . 
 no , in fact i am sure of it . 
 dear , loving supportive family . 
 whenever doting mum brought her suffering child soup or ice , simon 's father was sure to be right there . 
 skulking behind the door or around the corner like a dirty , jealous seagull . 
 to the boy his father was far less man than monster , an ugly jeering bird monster . 
 ` stop coddling the boy ! ' 
 the strychnine voice would shriek gleefully if mum was caught with such offerings . 
 ` how will he be a man when you keep him as soft as a pretty girl ? ' 
 and with mum driven back downstairs he would strut and sneer , as though somebody had tossed a chip for him to tussle over and foul . 
 ` get up boy ! 
 get up and quit being a baby ! ' 
 clucking , preening dirty feathers before settling back to his spiteful vigil outside simon 's bedroom door . 
 simon-the-boy lay tense and still in the dark and gave no answer to any of it . 
 which came with its own problems . 
 have you ever wondered how much liquid the human bladder can hold ? 
 as time passes the pressure becomes incredibly painful . 
 even your kidneys begin to hurt . 
 your abdomen distends like a tight water balloon . 
 little simon , unwilling to cross his father , had already urinated out the window once , blindly into the night . 
 a steaming stream that jetted out almost horizontally with its force . 
 not so good from the second story of a street-front building . 
 before he was even halfway done , rough cut voices began cursing below . 
 the streetlight down there was smashed , a foetid lane in deepest shadow , but simon did not need eyes for fearful knowledge . 
 the threats were ground out in the stone voices of trolls : how they would take the soft , most private parts of his body . 
 they would climb up to his window . 
 they were coming now . 
 there is more than one way for monsters to gobble up children . 
 terror squeezed simon 's urethra off instantly , as effective as a rubber band snapped into place . 
 all that remained was his hot heavy bladder . 
 whimpering , he slammed the window and returned to bed . 
 now that bladder filled the entire cavity of his small body , crowding out organs with a sea of yellow waste . 
 the option to move had expired long ago . 
 the slightest twitch would loose it . 
 i 'm not going to go , simon-the-boy , simon-on-the-bed thought desperately . 
 i 'm not . 
 i 'm not . 
 but with seeping guilt it came , and once begun there was no holding back . 
 the warm flood soaked simon 's skinny legs and sheet in seconds . 
 the dirty , shameful smell pervaded the room . 
 leaked under the door . 
 ` simon ! ' 
 his father flung open the door , face swelling angrily as he located the source of the acidic reek . 
 ` what the hell now ? 
 you foul little ... ' the bird monster grabbed the boy to haul him off the bed , and simon screamed . 
 it was a good old-fashioned horror movie scream from the days of black and white ; nobody screamed like that anymore , in such completed , abject misery . 
 raw enough to bring up blood and tissue along with the sound . 
 his father , simultaneously sneering and baffled , recoiled head and shoulders from the onslaught but chose persistence as his course of action . 
 so did simon . 
 at the rough pressure on his chicken pox the boy clung to the cooling sheets and kept on screaming , a gargantuan effort . 
 his face was slowly becoming an airless scarlet zeppelin . 
 of course mum came running in . 
 she screamed , too . 
 not quite so impressively as her son 's effort but still adding to the general clamour and confusion . 
 she thought that dear old daddy had been doing something bad to simon . 
 perhaps something worse than bad . 
 she began shrieking scary little breaths of you you you , that never went anywhere . 
 all simon cared about was that mum was finally there to tenderly nurse the blood nose brought on by all his screaming and yelling , while the police were less tenderly forcing the bird monster out the door . 
 ` speak up , boy ! ' 
 he yelled . 
 ` say what really happened . ' 
 what really happened ? 
 well reality was all about the eye of the beholder , really . 
 after that , young simon thought it was finally all over . 
 just the two of them now . 
 mum brought him soup , gently wiped his face and whispered in his hot ear how sorry she was . 
 so sorry baby . 
 but she just had n't known , how could she have known ? 
 that last was a breaking , melodramatic appeal , ending in wracking tears . 
 it was time for reconciliation . 
 so simon-the-boy smiled tremulously up at her -lrb- just the right amount of lip wobble -rrb- and stroked her cheek with his small hand . 
 ` you could n't have known . ' 
 mum cried openly then , wet tearing sobs that shook the bed , runnels of snot and saline pouring down her face . 
 simon hugged her . 
 they had never felt so close . 
 ironically , after all the excitement it was not monsters after all , or even ordinary stupid people that undid poor simon . 
 it was a bottle . 
 he was light headed , drifting aimlessly with the surges of heat in his body , waiting stoically to get better . 
 but in his sick weakness he fumbled a bottle of calamine lotion and dropped it on his hip . 
 a heavy brown glass bottle . 
 it knocked the head off a spot , creating a crater that stung and filled up and bled . 
 the spot became a scar under simon 's horrified gaze . 
 now it was mum 's turn to console , when they discovered the blemish would not fade over time . 
 but although she petted and soothed , her brow furrowed over the severity of his screeching hysterics ; she worried , and spoke to friends and phoned specialists . 
 our simon was one smart cookie . 
 even then he knew that his parents had wanted it to happen . 
 his father openly , while mum desired simon 's downfall in a secret dirty place she would never admit to . 
 they wanted him to scar , to `` get over this phase '' . 
 that 's what she said on the phone , a phase . 
 as though simon was destined come out the other side as drab and ordinary as the rest of them . 
 they wanted me to become a hideous scarred freak because i was `` too vain '' ! 
 i knew they despised my beauty solely because they would never have it themselves . 
 all they had left was to tear down , destroy and defile . 
 i could not really blame them for that . 
 once the offending mark was obscured i bent and retrieved my cigarette , which was burning its way industriously through the floor . 
 a little sand had to be shaken free . 
 the smoke prodded my lungs with familiar fingers and i tipped my head back , pulling the savour in deeper . 
 a dab of liquid concealer and a long nicotine draw were all it took to successfully re bury my childhood . 
 the sweating beer returned fondly to my hand like a long lost friend . 
 the beach , hot sunbaking , a beer and a smoke -- how could this day possibly get any better ? 
 i decided to share it with the one i loved . 
 sucking on the mouth of the bottle , probing it idly with my tongue , i threw open the basement door . 
 iced air raised gooseflesh on my naked skin . 
 ` mum ? ' 
 i descended to the cold room . 
 ` mum , i 'm home . ' 
 mum stared at me . 
 not impolitely ; she just could not help it . 
 the air was too dry for ice to form on her lashes but the eyeballs themselves had frozen hard . 
 mum 's entire body , in fact , was frozen as it slumped in the chair . 
 mum had been in the cold room for a rather long time . 
 shockingly , in this day and age , when it all came down i found that stealing a person was a rather easy thing to accomplish . 
 i would have had considerably more trouble stealing a car . 
 and conveniently enough a week after mum 's disappearance i was called in to identify some anonymous dead lady , despite elvis showing a closer familial resemblance . 
 in spite of the whole jail thing my father managed to turn up for the funeral . 
 ` simon ? ' 
 he said , as though my name held some heavy meaning for him . 
 just that : ` simon ? ' 
 i could not believe that this was the great monster . 
 all of his feathers had been pulled . 
 ` simon ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 my father just stood there looking helpless and confused . 
 it were as though some force had already hollowed him out and filled the brittle skin with dust and weeds instead . 
 although not moving , he still appeared to twist limply in the wind . 
 just waiting to be blown apart . 
 and i stood before him , so large and strong and sure , while his blasted eyes wandered up and down . 
 curious , i waited . 
 ` the casket was closed , ' was what he said finally , and i turned on my heel in disgust . 
 ` did you see her ? ' 
 the still-familiar voice cawed after me . 
 ` did you see ? ' 
 i never saw him again . 
 i did n't need to . 
 after a few days of hiding her in the cold room it was on that same night , the night of the funeral , that i came home to find mum frozen solid . 
 some nights , especially after a winning combination such as peanut butter and beer , i sometimes dream that mum is only asleep herself . 
 cold slows things down . 
 it slows down time and slows perception . 
 mum has simply slowed down so much that i , still part of the warm world , can not reach her . 
 in my dream she is pulling herself gradually into a protective ball with all the patience of merging continents . 
 she is only just becoming aware of her surroundings . 
 time has shivered and died on the motionless air . 
 admittedly it is rather bates of me to keep mum hidden away down here . 
 but never fear , things are all arranged . 
 i 've made sure that she has company during the week , when i leave to go to work . 
 it would not do at all for me to leave my mum alone all the time . 
 she might go a little kooky . 
 her companion for the long , tiresome days stood in the opposite corner , with a length of toilet paper tied over his eyes for decency . 
 i met him at a bus stop . 
 i used to use that stop all the time , my regular . 
 just waiting and watching the reddish sun through my eyelids . 
 i always knew when it was him approaching . 
 the maddening buzz of his wheelchair alerted me , a sub-audible whine . 
 that , and the irritating wet suck of his breathing . 
 i was so very glad when that stopped . 
 once again , easy as pie . 
 i simply followed him off the bus one day . 
 i 'm sure that people must get stolen all the time . 
 his wheelchair i buried off in a paddock somewhere ; hard work , but enjoyable , what with all the digging and sweating . 
 although its battery pack has surely run down by now i still like to think of the contraption buzzing away down there in the dark , giving migraines to passing earthworms . 
 it makes me smile . 
 so much , in fact , that i gave wheelchair guy something to smile about himself . 
 in the cold room he is standing . 
 admittedly lashed to a pole with electrical cord , but beggars ca n't be choosers -- standing is standing . 
 i would never leave mum alone in the dark . 
 she deserves the very best of care . 
 ` well mum , how was your day ? ' 
 i waited a polite -lrb- enough -rrb- amount of time . 
 ` mm . 
 well mine was fantastic , completely fantastic . 
 i love this place . 
 i do n't know how we ever lived without it . ' 
 there . 
 preliminaries over , i launched into my evening litany , recited at least once every week with the fervour of a sermon . 
 ` seriously , is n't this better ? 
 you wo n't have to trouble yourself with voting or cleaning or house bills ever again . 
 i 'll take care of you . ' 
 smoke roiled from the tip of the cigarette . 
 it and i were the only warm things in the room . 
 ` do you approve of my body , mum ? ' 
 i ran both hands sensuously down my sides . 
 the cold had tightened my skin further like a drum , bringing amazing definition . 
 i took the time to look down and enjoy the view . 
 ` it 's amazing that you managed to produce something like me from your body . 
 i just want you to know that i respect that . 
 i really do . ' 
 only skin two therefore he exists no weekend could last forever , not even the most pleasurable ; and as the working week commenced it was back to my little mouse hole in the city . 
 the city . 
 now there was an amazing place . 
 like eskimo and the snow , in accordance with urban myth the city 's residents had a thousand words for the way the sky could reflect in glass : divining warnings of what weather ruled above and beyond the protective enclave of buildings . 
 should anybody ever bother to look up and notice , one day they might even use those words . 
 city people were of course above acknowledging such transient beauty . 
 their discourse was littered with short blacks and transport delays , transactions -lrb- not `` purchases '' -- to admit to handling actual currency was terribly crass -rrb- , and alcohol fortified with more caffeine . 
 the allure of humanity in full social decay . 
 unfortunately though , life had its facts . 
 to keep my beach house i had to pay , and that required income . 
 plenty of it . 
 the sort of revenue that was not to be made in the boondocks . 
 my train drew near the city just as morning dawned , setting cold blue windows at the tips of skyscrapers ablaze . 
 thirty-odd stories down , the train rocked and shunted gently . 
 i slid my sunglasses on . 
 today the air was quiet enough for the hot air balloons to be up . 
 when on the grass they lay crumpled and mundane , patched circus tents . 
 but today , up there in the morning , in the open sky they were glorious . 
 half the flock were amusing marketing shapes , and would spend the better part of the day hovering over high density areas trying to sell land packages and insurance . 
 but for now they floated serenely with their more aesthetic cousins the charters , all of them limned with honey in the dawning light . 
 by the time i had thrown my bag into the flat , showered and changed it was mid-morning , and just like every monday i was running late for work . 
 despite the term , the knowledge did not exactly hurry me along . 
 as i laced my shoes , on cold air through the window came a drawn-out whistling sigh . 
 trams , running up and down the street . 
 as they passed , bursting at the seams , it were as though the wearied patience of some exhausted creature dragged by . 
 my flat clung tenaciously to the edge of the central business district , in a building that was merely waiting for the last residents to die or push off . 
 then it could be bulldozed in favour of a fast food / service station hybrid , because above all what the world needed was more petrol and junk food . 
 devolution syndrome rolled on . 
 i locked the door behind me . 
 as i walked -lrb- through the valley of the shadow of the death of honest enterprise -rrb- to work , no mean distance again , i noted what changes had come in over the weekend . 
 small , and sometimes large companies were ground down overnight . 
 their only obituary was the faded paint where signage used to be , the failed dream of some entrepreneur . 
 then other start-up ventures could possess the vacated site , and the cycle begin all over again . 
 abns changed more quickly around here than the pop chart 's top ten . 
 only general allotment stayed the same , maintained by some corporate osmotic pressure . 
 there were always the many poor and the few rich , regardless of who they happened to be this week . 
 there was forever litter crowding the drains , with a few syringes and human detritus mixed in for good measure . 
 gingerbread cafes shivered beneath billboards , their windowsill herbs dying in the shadow , and the status quo would remain for as long as the city endured . 
 the claustrophobic tail end of rush hour was still on . 
 in the city i drew no less attention than on the beach , but with my clothes in place the observer 's focus moved to other features . 
 my face , primarily , which could have been cast from bronze : smooth and perfect . 
 my high , intelligent forehead over-tumbled by locks of rich honey brown hair . 
 hair possessed of a natural glowing sheen , at odds with the pricey oil slick prized by city men . 
 distinctive cheekbones there , and a bold jaw without which my face might have been merely pretty . 
 with them , it lacked anything effeminate to deserve such a label . 
 plenty of girlish men smirked up from magazine covers everywhere but frankly , i could not see the charm . 
 feminism had a lot to answer for . 
 my protective sunglasses perched on a classical straight nose . 
 no heavy ridge or porcine tip like so many others were cursed with . 
 my eyes themselves , never revealed for what they might say , were a deep unvaried walnut . 
 sometimes , only occasionally such as when i might find myself alone in a washroom , i stare into those eyes in a mirror . 
 if nobody comes in to break the spell , hours might pass . 
 eventually the depths of my orbs open up revealing such thoughts as the common herd will never see . 
 swimming slowly in the dark like strange , deep water monsters . 
 a person walking in the city endures a bombardment of humanity over the course of a day . 
 after much practice , it takes mere seconds to assess , categorize , and then dismiss them all on sight ; and it was thus that the people on the street glanced at me once . 
 the same disinterested , dull-eyed look given to all faces . 
 then their drifting eyes were pulled back sharply for that forever immortalised second look . 
 a lack of beauty gave them a severe hunger for it . 
 they perused my face greedily , starving . 
 then with a start , they realised that they were staring at the handsome man walking toward them . 
 how embarrassing . 
 my eyes were invisible so they became covert , disconcerted . 
 had i noticed ? 
 did simon ballard notice their stare , their boldness ; and what did i make of it ? 
 might i be flattered ? 
 was it possible , at all possible that i was looking back ? 
 it excited them to think so . 
 in imagination they could feel my eyes burning into them , i could literally see the effects . 
 their cheeks flushed , suffering heated brows , staggered breathing and tightened stomachs . 
 in walking through a crowd i produced all the symptoms of a hyper-fever , burning itself out in seconds . 
 then of course i walked smoothly on by without so much as turning my head . 
 and they , crushed , realised that i had not even registered their existence . 
 some days i felt like moses as the crowd parted regretfully before me , but surely moses did not go so admired by his peers . 
 it was enough to keep me suitably entertained up to my place of employment . 
 ah , work . 
 i `` worked '' , if that was the term , in a blocky building with an ornate marble front that fooled nobody , including the clients . 
 our proud national flag drooped limply over the doorway . 
 the edifice stood as monument to the ego of some obscenely wealthy businessman ; real wealth , in this country of all places ! 
 i had never seen the man himself , only heard celia speak of him . 
 her doting daddy never showed his face here . 
 he merely built this marble based glass tower to install his daughter ; to keep her pristine , occupied and hopefully quiet . 
 as the lobby door slid officiously open i caught a snatch of my reflection strolling confidently , teeth as white as my casual shirt . 
 watch out boss . 
 here i come . 
 so far as screenings went my job interview had been short and anything but sweet . 
 all it took for celia to outline her selection criteria was a seductive hand on the cheek , and it was not the cheek of my face , either . 
 she would be up there in her office right now , the aerie of that great tower . 
 waiting with a particularly repulsive form of impatience she has never had to hide . 
 daddy 's girl in her power suits and heels sharp enough to strike sparks from the tiles , why should she ? 
 one snap of those manicured fingers and the whole staff would be out of a job . 
 the tower was her microcosm , a misrepresentation of the universe , an entire world ready and eager to tongue her boots . 
 the inner door , also glass , admitted me silently . 
 another detail regarding celia was her vertical impairment . 
 on one wondrous occasion i happened to arrive at work early , lord knows why , just in time to see my boss caught in the airlock between the two doors . 
 the outer had slid closed before the inner door could open , and she was too petite to trip either sensor in the confined space . 
 what a perfect killing jar for teeny weenie people . 
 it was damned lucky celia did not glance behind because i stood outside and laughed until my anus felt the size of a pinhole . 
 she hopped and jumped awkwardly in heels , screaming abuse and waving her arms at the sensors . 
 eventually a cringing guard from inside noticed and let her in . 
 sadly there was nothing so hilarious today . 
 i entered the building , and accomplished perhaps four strides -lrb- a new record ! -rrb- 
 across the polished lobby before an officious voice called , ` sir ? ' 
 i turned , pulling my lips into a bland-as-tofu smile . 
 having always made a point of not learning this plebeian 's name , i now looked pointedly everywhere but at his name tag . 
 above the timber veneer reception desk and the fellow 's head a ridiculously huge canvas dominated the lobby , splashed with great gouts of chemistry set yellow and mediterranean blue . 
 celia told me once it was supposed to be an angel . 
 i suffered the misfortune of the front desk guy 's attentions upon every entry to and exit from the building these days : every time , every single time , he called me over to check the validity of my id . 
 we had established the grounds for this little ritual on day one , my `` job interview '' day , when i ignored the man 's almost absent-minded greeting and strode loftily past him . 
 he was the front desk guy -- who talks to the front desk guy for chrissake ? 
 ditto for day two , and so on after that . 
 bright spark , he got the message eventually . 
 greetings petered out , became scowls which i could ignore with comparative ease . 
 but now he had taken to calling me over , smiling hatefully through that greasy little moustache . 
 morning and evening before i could pass we stood to either side of the desk beneath the angel 's stare and smiled broadly at each other , my platinum teeth pitted against the dandelion yellow of his . 
 by the time i had fished my id card from my back pocket -lrb- casually : it was vital to appear unconcerned -rrb- that rabbity smile of his was starting to twitch around the edges . 
 greasy obviously did not find much to smile about in day-to-day life , as his facial muscles were not quite up to it . 
 identification scanned , he handed it back . 
 i oriented my face slightly toward greasy all the way to the lift . 
 with the sunglasses he could not tell for sure if i were still watching or not , forcing him to hang onto a smile that was rapidly becoming desperate . 
 caffeine-tainted sweat burst out around greasy 's temples but , trooper as he was , when i broadened my smile he returned a little wave . 
 one day greasy 's smile was sure to literally rupture under the strain . 
 i could only hope to be around to see it . 
 the lift doors closed on his grimace of effort , and i was carried skyward . 
 my department was on the penthouse floor . 
 i laid claim to a small cubicle in a world of art deco and flavourless business suits . 
 there were roughly twenty worker-ants to this level , who might well have evolved here where even the ducted air was dry , cool and sterile . 
 that was , in fact , the best moniker for this building : sterile . 
 the corporation 's babies were born elsewhere , in fieldwork , oil rigs , and all the other dynamic assignments . 
 here paper was shuffled from hand to hand , adrift in a lethargic system with no purpose or future -lrb- beyond sustaining itself -rrb- . 
 i alone came in on mondays smelling of fresh heat and beach and wind . 
 the lift doors opened and with a quiet ping ushered me out into light . 
 the exterior wall of the penthouse level was constructed entirely of windows . 
 beyond the glass the immense gentle curve of a hot air balloon was drifting slowly by the building like a passing air whale . 
 it looked almost like you could reach out and touch it , step onto its buoyant surface and be carried away . 
 this was where celia 's power was most concentrated : her lair . 
 her private office occupied fully half the level and was sadistically walled in by one-way tinted glass , floor to ceiling . 
 a violently anachronistic black cyberpunk cube set down in the bland office environs . 
 there was nowhere you could go without the paranoia of the boss watching from inside her dark gemstone office . 
 the workers scurried about like guilty criminals , cowed and prematurely bent . 
 i entertained a private fantasy of them banding together one day to sue celia for gross psychological damage and expensive chiropractic fees , a joint lawsuit that would bring her tower tumbling down . 
 alas , it was merely a dream . 
 not one of them possessed the balls to so much as ask the boss for the time of day . 
 i was the only one comfortable enough to bring lunch back to my desk . 
 of course , i was far more used to being looked at . 
 from experience i knew damn well when celia was and was not watching . 
 she was certainly watching now . 
 waiting for me . 
 well , it would do her good to stew in her own juices -lrb- eew -rrb- for a bit . 
 as carefully as i had oriented toward greasy , i now even more painstakingly refused to notice celia 's black mirror or acknowledge the greedy face lurking behind it . 
 instead , i sat down at my cubicle . 
 brush a button and my computer hummed into life , and opened its vast glowing eye . 
 that was the funny thing about technology these days . 
 the actual brains of machines kept visually shrinking while phallocentric bits such as the screen and speakers got bigger and bigger . 
 if you looked hard enough this techno porn evolution was everywhere : appliances , customer service , even breakfast cereal . 
 all the pretty bits , like secondary sexual characteristics , magnifying indefinitely while the brains hid themselves away . 
 the company had lavished many thousands on electronic marvels like this one before me . 
 it could communicate wirelessly with any device in its range , network real time video conferencing between any points on the globe , upgrade itself from the net -- and what did the staff use it for ? 
 word processing , and the occasional download of lacklustre free porn . 
 no job files greeted me . 
 the staff knew better than to send actual work to this terminal , but an unread message sat in my inbox . 
 the subject was : simon . 
 i opened it . 
 i know you . 
 no explanation , and the sender was not anywhere in the building . 
 it was the work of my pet kook : a mystery emailer who got their rocks off on cryptic messages . 
 i beg your pardon ? 
 i sent the query and they must have been slavering away at their keyboard because i got my answer seconds later . 
 i know you . 
 i have seen you at the beach . 
 really ? 
 how nice for you . 
 i watch . 
 how did you get this address ? 
 no answer . 
 what on earth did i care about being watched ? 
 people watched me all of the time , hundreds of them . 
 i printed the emails off onto sheets of clean white paper -lrb- how lonely they looked at my spartan desk -rrb- and filed them in a drawer with the others . 
 the kook was just one more dreg of humanity wanting what they could not have . 
 the intercom on my desk crackled into electronic voice . 
 shaped like a pepper pot , it both looked and sounded like a miniature science fiction robot ready to invade . 
 ` simon . 
 i 'd like to see you in my office . ' 
 i thought somebody sniggered in an adjacent cubicle . 
 ha ; go ahead and smirk . 
 you 'll be dealing with the untouched work i leave behind . 
 paper was periodically put down on my desk and picked up again to maintain the illusion of employment . 
 my reflection glowed smugly in celia 's office 's jet glass door , and swung aside as i opened it . 
 if anybody employed a decorating style dubbed pretentious , celia was it ; and that would entail using the term `` style '' loosely . 
 she was compulsive with it . 
 every now and again she shifted furniture about , re-carpeted in yet another deep plush and hung some new authentic -lrb- ally bad -rrb- art . 
 looks like this was another of those weekends . 
 new couches in creaking black leather . 
 an antique desk in the far corner , implying toil -lrb- which was a joke -rrb- , and a gilt-framed oil of a nude so pasty that she hung luminous on the far wall . 
 even the essential liquor cabinet had been treated to a new coat of lacquer for the occasion . 
 celia 's sole maternal inheritance , according to my understanding . 
 the halogens were down . 
 i had never seen them turned fully up . 
 a little sunlight managed to slip through closed venetian blinds . 
 everything was very quiet within the soundproof cube , and motes of dust rained down softly in the dimness . 
 i was rendered effectively blind behind my sunglasses . 
 but if celia planned for my discomfort she was very much mistaken . 
 already my eyes had begun to adjust , making out the finer detail around me . 
 ` simon ' how many schoolgirl years did celia spend cultivating that throaty caramel voice ? 
 a tiny hand reached around and removed my sunglasses . 
 she had been standing behind the door . 
 good in theory , but had i opened it with any force she would have regretted being sneaky . 
 celia had my glasses in hand , but i could hardly get angry at being exposed by her . 
 she had yet to look out of her own conceit before she could possibly see anybody else ` hello celia . ' 
 my boss strutted forward , rather pigeon-like , and brushed full bodied past me before draping herself over a couch . 
 the groan of shifting leather was loud in the quiet . 
 red . 
 she wore a suit as usual , and so fitted that her tailor must have needed some nice cold showers afterward . 
 i forbore to mention how it created less than flattering bulges when reclining ; the result would likely have been the tailor 's head . 
 ` do you like the decorations i 've put up ? ' 
 she made it sound like a party . 
 ` it 's nice . ' 
 i slipped into the timid employee persona that she liked so much . 
 ` it 's very , um ... powerful . ' 
 celia almost purred . 
 ` really ? 
 powerful ? ' 
 eyes smiled in a face that no mortal had seen without makeup since menarche . 
 if she owned a tail it would be lashing . 
 ` just what do you find so powerful about it ? ' 
 the way i wiped my hands on my pants was quite masterful . 
 celia 's self-contented smirk widened and i put my hands behind my back ; whoops , silly nervous me , caught out . 
 ` i ... ' ` just come over here and sit down . 
 i 'm not going to bite . 
 you would not believe the day i 've had so far simon , you simply would n't believe it . 
 so this morning i turn up , and nobody has brought in any milk ! 
 you know what i shell out for wages , out of generosity , i might add . 
 they 'd work for a handful of corn and a shiny dollar at christmas if i told them to . 
 am i really expected to handle office supplies now ? ' 
 she threw her hair back dramatically . 
 ` i 've actually been forced into drinking my coffee black , which you know i hate . 
 there 's no trusting anything that 's sat in the staff fridge all weekend . ' 
 a meaningful smoulder . 
 ` and i refuse to drink any creamy white liquid that is n't fresh . ' 
 i had a sudden flash of celia milking me into a coffee cup , delicate porcelain and all , and nearly combusted trying to keep my reaction in . 
 obscene , lustful woman . 
 there is this old myth that celia has always reminded me of . 
 this young woman , all unknowing , shacks up with a deity in disguise . 
 when he is finally caught out he promises to grant her one request , anything she wishes as recompense for the deception . 
 she , silly thing , wishes to see her lover in his full divine glory , and is promptly incinerated by the sight . 
 celia was toying with my earlobe now . 
 teasing the delicate flesh droplet initially with fingertips , then with her tongue . 
 it sent shivers down my spine all right ; although the sensation of rampaging slugs was likely not the one she was shooting for . 
 ` why are you being so coy , simon ? ' 
 as celia leaned close a frenetic , eager heat radiated from her . 
 ` are n't i powerful enough for you ? ' 
 ` ah , celia , you have no idea . 
 really you do n't . ' 
 ` then why hold back from something that feels so good ? ' 
 her breath went crawling along my deck . 
 ` so natural . ' 
 it was simplicity itself to arouse my boss . 
 unfortunately i saw nothing in fleshy celia to stir me in turn at all in turn . 
 understandably during the job interview this had caused me some concern : celia knew what she wanted , and it had to be ready to tango . 
 however , as she had cosied up to me -lrb- knocking a tin of pencils rattling incongruously off the desk onto the floor -rrb- i had heard a whisper . 
 cold , chillingly cold . 
 it seemed to emanate from right inside my head . 
 close your eyes . 
 trusting , i closed them . 
 ` solomon ? ' 
 it was three weeks until celia began getting my name right . 
 her voice seemed very thick and far away . 
 the moment my eyes had closed an image sprang up , as though a projector had started playing inside my skull . 
 the resolution was grainy , overexposed and sensuously white like a secretly shot snuff film . 
 in it , i saw myself in the cold room . 
 i was naked . 
 standing blissfully with arms outstretched while the cold room 's vapour flowed over my skin in light caresses . 
 there was the vaguest of murmurs at the edge of hearing . 
 i thought i might be humming . 
 i saw my own face truly as an observer for the first time and was suddenly hard against the rough material of my jeans . 
 it was not at all like those few times during puberty when i had woken half erect -- this was true arousal , almost painful . 
 celia contentedly caressed the rise of flesh . 
 much as she was doing now . 
 she chuckled against my neck , questing fingers finding enough of a handful even for her . 
 celia would never know how i could only open my eyes to her face without emotion , slide into her without revulsion , while holding the cold room in my mind . 
 crumpled crimson pulled away reluctantly from damp skin . 
 ` look what i 've got , ' she whispered moistly , producing a condom from beneath her bra strap . 
 today 's flavour was choc funk . 
 who was in charge of marketing these things ? 
 celia 's flesh was scratched and red where the packet had scraped . 
 i began to unbuckle my belt but she covered my hands . 
 ` let me . ' 
 it was all so sad . 
 sad , the way celia groaned like a rutting beast , pulling me into her . 
 then afterwards as i was retrieving my clothes i experienced a flush . 
 flushes , my cold flushes . 
 the temperature of the room plunged . 
 i shivered pleasantly and watched the sweat on my boss ' bared breasts harden into ice , like a light sugar dusting . 
 the flushes began shortly after i moved into the beach house . 
 nobody else ever seemed to notice anything unusual was happening . 
 celia changed colour as i watched , from white through to a frostbitten purple . 
 her eyes stiffened mournfully in their sockets . 
 her never-quiet lips sealed blessedly shut behind a milky film . 
 i smiled . 
 she was far more appealing as an inanimate statue . 
 sadly , all too soon the frost ran away . 
 the cold flush ended and , typically , celia began yammering again . 
 my wasted semen seeped from its discarded -lrb- choc funk ! -rrb- 
 packaging into the carpet at our feet . 
 another message from the kook was waiting in my inbox when i clocked out for the night . 
 we should meet , juicy young man . 
 oh sure . 
 and satan will be skating to work . 
 by the way , have n't you ever heard of lowercase ? 
 this was how i spent my week . 
 come friday , when i boarded the train i was desperate for the chance to just fold over and sleep , to retreat for a while . 
 stretching both legs territorially across the seats opposite i settled in . 
 i enjoy public trains . 
 time does not pass on a train at all ; they are the ultimate in sealed environments . 
 some scraps of moment might slip in through the doors but , cut off from the temporal flow , they quickly stutter and die . 
 that is why there are never any clocks hung in train cars . 
 the interior of this carriage was a wild territory , marked and staked out in adolescent human spoor . 
 grey chewing gum clung to corners and seats like massive dead warts . 
 a series of indecipherable squiggles tagged the walls and a lone newspaper lay face down on the floor . 
 it all looked so contrived , a set dresser 's vision of how a train ought to be . 
 somebody might have spent hours setting it up . 
 i was determined to discover one day why there was a newspaper abandoned on every train i caught . 
 crumpled and forlorn like lost children . 
 as the doors gasped shut i un-strapped my wristwatch and put it away in my pocket . 
 safer that way . 
 it was dangerous to look at on a train . 
 the second hand raced around in a barely noticeable blur but the minute hand crept about the face . 
 the hour hand barely moved at all . 
 it merely sat still , pulsing like a heartbeat . 
 i would have to stare for a long time to spot the progress of the hour hand . 
 stare until my eyes burned and my head emptied of blood . 
 the train lurched and clattered , building up speed . 
 carriages bought cheaply second hand , on another country 's charity . 
 we slid into the night as it lay heavy on the outer suburbs , dark drawing like a solid blind down the window . 
 the world became void . 
 the stations were mere floating islands of light . 
 i put my palm on the glass next to my head , fingers splayed . 
 with the windows facing each other the reflection held many images , realities imposed one atop the other . 
 my doubles sat in a procession of identical carriages . 
 no -- not exactly doubles . 
 these doppelgangers were no golden vision : they were hard and cold . 
 their fey hair and eyes glittered , unnaturally dark , and they looked very small . 
 pale figures adrift in a starless sky . 
 i was the real simon . 
 when i took my hand away the copies had to reluctantly do so , too . 
 while i lived in the world of warmth and light they were doomed to their own lost company . 
 there seemed to be a warning in their unhappy eyes , some sort of foreboding . 
 i turned away , shivered . 
 enough of this . 
 the train had arrived , and i was safely away from the city . 
 almost home . 
 alighting , i was always struck by the comparison between the immense edifice i had departed from in the city and the humble platform that received me . 
 there was nobody about , not at this hour . 
 i vaulted over the turnstile . 
 behind me the train rested on its tracks , waiting to return up the line . 
 its insides were lit up harshly like a beacon . 
 a metal worm of light . 
 only skin three the cold room few things quiet the soul better than walking at night . 
 the light exercise helped flush the city from my system , expelling pollutants through my lungs and pores . 
 at the same time my senses , dulled by concrete and conformity , were becoming preternaturally alert , teased awake by the dark . 
 like an animal i sampled the chemical makeup of each mote of dust , and categorized the wavelength of every tiny scratching sound . 
 i took off my shoes and slung them comfortably around my neck by the laces . 
 my bare feet easily found the best places to step . 
 even the nocturnal spiders scarcely noticed me as i ghosted among the trees . 
 i noticed them . 
 i numbered every one of them , in their spun webs and trapdoors and matted clots of silk . 
 i could practically hear the whisper as one strand was bound to another . 
 when i lifted the wire around my property to climb through , it was that listening silence alone that saved me . 
 i walked straight into a campsite set up on my land . 
 the intruder had her back to me ; even so , i almost got myself caught by freezing to the spot in outrage . 
 in my home ! 
 how dare she ! 
 my fists clenched , the tension rocketing right up my forearms to the shoulder . 
 incredibly , they also shook with a tremor . 
 how long had she been here ? 
 how much had she seen ? 
 no . 
 no , if she had been up at the house then surely she would not be camping here so calmly like a literal babe in the woods . 
 would she ? 
 i did not even realise i was advancing until the intruder straightened and began to turn around . 
 i had been standing at the fence , but now suddenly i was at her back with fingers clawing out rigid like great horn talons . 
 she was turning around ! 
 sizzling adrenaline flooded me and i slipped backwards silently , silently and always in control . 
 as her peripheral vision came about the scrub was already closing protectively around me . 
 immediately that was where i stopped , my only motion to rub both palms together roughly between my thighs as though to pacify their violent impulse , to turn them back into hands . 
 white light ravaged the night . 
 the intruder had flicked on a torch of the calibre only employed in detective serials ; it could slice a satellite out of orbit . 
 in this situation it only served to destroy what little night vision she had . 
 she stood as motionless as i , unsure whether she had seen anything . 
 surely her subconscious had caught something . 
 some warning to spook her animal instincts . 
 the body always knew danger . 
 now it was up to her forebrain to gloss over that warning . 
 i stayed where i was ; the tint of my skin was the barky shade of trees and dried leaves . 
 i could be a native part of the bush . 
 despite the urgent need to keep still , as i stared at the girl i slowly began to shake . 
 little tremors , almost imperceptible disturbances ran across my body the way small frantic insects traversed the surface tension of water . 
 my lips drew back in a snarl . 
 my home ! 
 how dare she ! 
 the intruder had brought her ugliness here , standing uncertainly with her head on one side . 
 she was waiting , almost on standby while reason spun deceptions of safety . 
 her pallid , sickly colouration glimmered by torchlight . 
 no active pimples but nonetheless that watery milk complexion was bad , pores enlarged grotesquely . 
 the spirit of violent acne past . 
 a bruised darkness in and around her suspiciously peering eyes made the sockets seem nothing but empty black holes . 
 i had to wait until she shifted for the light to catch her orbs of vision and confirm my assumption . 
 nothing special . 
 weak , heavily lidded and blue by default , as they had no other particular colour to be . 
 between them sat a sharp protruding nose , so pointed that it might well puncture the night air . 
 her oily skin shone . 
 whether thinking or not , the intruder 's expression seemed that of a soft useless creature , one suddenly thrust into a hard life . 
 an existence where she was too stoically dumb to just give in and quit . 
 in combination with that nose , it gave her a particular resemblance to a tired and brainless sparrow . 
 unkempt , dirty brown hair coiled like lambs wool about her face and shoulders . 
 ` muttonbird , ' i silently christened that blank and gormless blue stare , my lips shaping the world , blowing it to her on a puff of air like a kiss . 
 something would have to be done about muttonbird . 
 she was in my home . 
 the process of self assurance was complete , muttonbird turned back to her bargain basement tent . 
 she was safe out here : obviously it had been an animal , a bunyip , her imagination . 
 quietly , very quietly i wormed my way back to a safe distance , and then hurried around her campsite to my beach house . 
 mutton-bird , mutton-bird . 
 my heart beat a nervous two syllable tom-tom . 
 unwilling to risk any light i groped my way indoors , flinching as the key grated in the lock . 
 the metal on metal sounded so loud ! 
 i was so keyed up that i almost giggled at my own nerves , my exaggerated sneaking steps . 
 indoors the dark was close and immediate , smothering some senses while exquisitely enhancing others . 
 the two most intimate sensations were my breath , gasping in and out , and the touch of the wall that i navigated by . 
 under my sensitised fingertips minor plaster variations became mountains , canyons . 
 in steering by them i traversed the topography of some great map in miniature . 
 tonight the walls of the cold room radiated a faint luminescence . 
 i could feel more than see the change in light quality as i came down the stairs ; instead of shedding illumination the glow clung jealously to the walls , keeping all enlightenment to itself . 
 my heart stuttered and kicked ; stepping over the threshold was like falling into freezing water . 
 the atmosphere itself was electrically alive . 
 i could feel the air charging me like a battery until i swelled huge and turgid . 
 my hair lifted , first on my arms , then the little curling strands all over my body . 
 my skin was clenched in a stranglehold about the base of each follicle . 
 static crackled like a secret communiqué between the strands . 
 i could feel mum 's gaze on me . 
 of course she could see my distress . 
 not understanding what was happening , wheelchair guy stared into the muffling dark of his toilet paper blindfold . 
 hobbling his gaze was a comfort to me while away in the city ; i had no wish to spend all day agonising about his nasty sinful eyes boring into mum . 
 my mum was a good woman . 
 a chaste woman . 
 possibly the only one left . 
 ` hello mum , how was your day ? ' 
 i waited one second , two , three , and then could not hold it in any longer . 
 ` we 've got a bit of a problem . 
 there 's somebody out there : a stranger , a girl . 
 no , not my girl ! 
 she came on her own . 
 we have to do something . ' 
 mutton-bird , mutton-bird , went my heart . 
 ` she ought to be made sorry ! 
 but what can be done with her ? ' 
 the cold room 's air hissed and bubbled on my skin . 
 i followed the chain of thought down blindly , like a diver tracing a night water line . 
 ` what is muttonbird good for , mum ? ' 
 mum did not answer . 
 wheelchair guy strained against his blindfold to see . 
 ` you stay out of it ! ' 
 i snapped at him . 
 ` i swear , what we really need is somebody to put you in your place ! ' 
 ah , something sighed . 
 my breath streamed from me as i realised the simplicity of it . 
 ` what we need , mum , is a chaperone . ' 
 in response the temperature of the cold room plummeted and i stretched in the delicious cold , delighted with the idea . 
 ` a chaperone for you ! 
 it 's all ok , i would n't bother feeling sorry for her . 
 ugliest little thing you 've ever seen . 
 nobody could feel sorry for that . 
 trust me , mum . 
 there really is n't any such thing as too much trouble where you 're concerned . ' 
 i smiled glowingly at her , before wheeling -lrb- ha ha -rrb- to stab a finger at wheelchair guy . 
 ` and you will finally learn to keep a decent expression on your face ! ' 
 a rag and a cocktail of industrial strength cleaners and insecticide did the trick . 
 the warnings on those cans really do n't kid around . 
 i needed gardening gloves just to avoid searing my hands . 
 the rest of my clothing i took off . 
 there was a sort of ritual to this stealing of people , a solemn affair , and in deference i wanted to go into it with all that i was fully bared . 
 nervous lighting jazzed up and down my body . 
 muttonbird had extinguished her light , making her camp just that much harder to find . 
 in fact i heard her long before i sighted the tent . 
 the girl had to be nursing either a broken septum , or some kind of serious flu to produce a snore like that . 
 even the local cicadas stopped to listen in awe . 
 i eased the tent zipper down very , very gently . 
 the teeth went tick tick tick , but her snores continued unabated . 
 behind the first zipper lay another , and another . 
 this tent was ridiculous : a zip fetishist 's wet dream . 
 finally i peeled back the layers and was able to lean into the tiny space . 
 the interior stank , stuffed with her gym sock personal scent like a sour den . 
 cocooned in a red sleeping bag despite the heat , muttonbird lay huddled on her side with her arms about her knees . 
 sweat blackened the hair at her temples . 
 the unhappy contour of her sleeping mouth drew down . 
 bad dreams ? 
 well , never mind . 
 i was here to relieve her of all that . 
 i gently pressed the reeking rag over her nose and mouth and , accepting it , muttonbird never even stirred . 
 it was the very same cloth that i had used to such success on wheelchair guy -- only he , wide awake , had not been nearly so compliant . 
 it had been difficult to keep the rag firmly on his face with his arms flailing everywhere , and the struggle had made me queasy . 
 but i persevered . 
 it 's the sort of guy i am . 
 now , i felt a grateful tenderness at how easily muttonbird gave up her life , sparing me all that . 
 she simply lay asleep with her head cushioned on her backpack and breathed . 
 the soft inhalations cycled the fumes through her system until eventually , that system failed . 
 the penury of muttonbird 's tent was destined for a bonfire , as was her pack . 
 i stowed both under the porch for now , until a fire-ban free day came around . 
 then came the problem of moving her . 
 it proved near impossible to manhandle muttonbird 's limp weight into the house . 
 she seemed to lean wilfully this way then that , but always the wrong way ; i dropped her three times . 
 the last was right at the front door , with her woolly hair full of twigs and limbs caught awkwardly beneath her torso . 
 ` fine ! 
 i 'll just have to drag you then . ' 
 down in the cold room i opened up a couple of card tables and laid muttonbird out on them . 
 the lights were no danger now and i switched all of them on for a good look at what i had caught . 
 brown jeans . 
 white t-shirt , mottled with red now : she had bled from the nose and mouth , probably something haemorrhaging in there . 
 to my ever-loving disgust i found that she had bled all over me , too . 
 that tender feeling was evaporating rapidly . 
 and from prior experience i knew the ordeal was not over yet -- there was one last repugnant detail to be cleaned up . 
 the condemned 's last meal , released along with everything else . 
 lucky she was wearing her brown trousers . 
 unbuttoning muttonbird 's jeans , i noted with distaste that her short nails were painted a chipped metallic blue . 
 how ladylike . 
 although i tugged , the jeans would not roll down . 
 something was caught in the hip pocket . 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 she was in no condition to answer so i pulled the little notebook out myself . 
 in the same moment a blue nailed hand grabbed my wrist ! 
 ` gaah ! ' 
 with a shout muttonbird sat up as though electrocuted ! 
 suddenly and shockingly vital , she gagged into my face . 
 her eyes rolled close to mine in their beds of darkness , limbs jittering in a fit . 
 i screamed in panic and tried to jerk away but she would not let go . 
 ` gaah ! ' 
 whatever muttonbird was trying to say burbled wetly in ruined lungs . 
 those crazed , popping eyes came to centre on me . 
 somewhere inside the stricken mess that had once been a girl , a coherent core registered me as her tormentor . 
 her mouth worked laxly . 
 her other hand snapped up and around mine like a trap , imprisoning my fingers against the book 's cover . 
 ` sss , ' she managed , spitting blood and phlegm into my face . 
 ` get off me ! ' 
 i shrieked back . 
 hell she was strong ! 
 muttonbird 's face came closer to mine , bloody lips smearing my nose . 
 she was trying to bite . 
 i cried out at the crushing pain in my hands . 
 and then the girl slumped against me , the vestiges of life exhausted . 
 a table leg collapsed and spilled her dead , dead weight to the floor . 
 my hands remaining clenched in her grasp , i half-fell with her . 
 her arms jutted up toward me . 
 after a few seconds of shock i began to gasp hysterically , although it was not quite over yet . 
 i still had to prise myself free . 
 as i folded back her fingers my skin crawled at the contact . 
 once liberated , i skittered back across the floor on my tailbone until i came up against a wall . 
 ` sweet fancy crap ! ' 
 my balls were trying to climb into my stomach and hide . 
 the girl , her pants an undignified half-mast on her hips , did not move . 
 i tried again just to be sure . 
 ` crap ! ' 
 dead . 
 actually dead this time , not merely pretending . 
 i had to finish the job . 
 i had to move her . 
 i could not leave mum 's new companion to freeze to the floor with her derrière hanging out , all covered with blood and shit . 
 i did not want to touch her . 
 nevertheless , i re-stood the table and gingerly laid muttonbird back out , cringing at the oily touch of her skin . 
 there was no hint of what she had just been ; she lay cool and still , like an innocent sky . 
 i might well have imagined it . 
 when finished , and desperate to shower her touch away , i removed wheelchair guy 's blindfold and used it to wipe my hands . 
 ` well i guess i 'll , uh , leave you three to get acquainted . ' 
 my muscles fluttered hysterically , as though i had run a marathon . 
 it was all i could manage to keep from bolting upstairs . 
 that was horrible ! 
 steps would have to be taken to ensure such an intrusion never ever happened again . 
 only skin four man 's friend the dog pound was a tumult of canine sound and smell , all mixed up with the sight and taint of bare wire cages . 
 as the owner , or whatever he was , escorted me around i inhaled deeply to try and catch the lot of it at once . 
 this was obviously an establishment au fait with operating at absolute bare minimum . 
 the floors were concrete , for that easy to hose down feel . 
 the air was hot and stifling . 
 the owner paraded me proudly past cage after cage . 
 these were the pooches that they kept for families , from families . 
 small and floofy for the kids to play with , and not too hard for dad to walk once billy and suzie tired of obligation and went back to their video games . 
 i completed the tour with barely concealed impatience . 
 the owner seemed genuinely disappointed . 
 ` can i ask what sort of dog you 're looking for ? 
 i know every animal here . ' 
 he smiled a little cheesily . 
 ` there 's a best friend waiting for everyone . ' 
 ` where 's death row ? ' 
 ` i beg your pardon ? ' 
 ` you know ; the beasts not likely to find a home . 
 i 'm after a guard dog , not a pet . 
 something nasty-minded . ' 
 the owner 's lips pressed tight . 
 ` i hope you realise it 's illegal for us to release dangerous animals . 
 however we have some large , rather boisterous dogs that are struggling to find placement . ' 
 full of prissy disapproval , he unlocked a two foot thick metal door at the end of the hall . 
 pitted and pocked like the face of the moon , it might have been salvaged from some ancient submarine , directly from the ocean floor . 
 when we entered the walkway beyond such a barking started up as might have rivalled cerberus himself . 
 baying from dozens of open red mouths the alarm echoed off the impassive low whitewashed ceiling , rebounding inanely back on itself until the whole universe rang with it . 
 fluorescent tubes flickered on overhead and , yes , there at the end of the walk was the soot streaked mouth of the oven . 
 it probably had a more technical and sanitised name , but was undeniably just a great big oven . 
 these were all larger breeds than those out front . 
 simple beasts they may be , but each whiskered face betrayed a glimmer of dread : they knew where they were . 
 they knew where that blackened portal led , cold and rusty now but patiently awaiting the time when it would glow cherry hot . 
 humanity had , in the name of consumerism , simply bred too many of them . 
 their destiny was to end up in its belly of coals . 
 making them wait was a civilised cruelty . 
 in the dim light a few hairy bodies hit the chain link fence in their desperation , violently enough to rattle it floor to ceiling . 
 this was dog hell . 
 they were , the owner explained , sorted into two categories . 
 on the left were animals whose time had simply run out . 
 big dogs were too much trouble for most people , they ate like horses and so on . 
 these did not interest me at all . 
 but to the right were the dangerous dogs . 
 breeds sentenced to extinction for crimes against humanity , ironically often the very crimes humanity had them bred for . 
 a potential few of these caught my attention . 
 one in particular charged the fence again and again , snarling and crying in a demented effort to get at me . 
 reminded me of that kid , there 's one in every school , the one that none of the others will play with . 
 the kid to be avoided for his equal tendencies to bite , shriek , or masturbate leeringly , with no provocation . 
 impressed , i would have declared this dog my winner were it not for the last inmate of the row . 
 next to her crazed neighbour , she was so quiet that i almost overlooked her completely . 
 a stray movement was all that drew me to the cage front . 
 huddled back near the cinderblock wall , two lantern eyes glowed sullenly . 
 there could be no mistaking her for anything but a she . 
 her belly bulged , festooned with drooping nipples . 
 a baker 's dozen in the oven . 
 i curled my fingers through the fence . 
 ` who 's been a naughty girl , then ? ' 
 you could swear she rolled her eyes before heaving herself up and trotting forward a few mincing steps . 
 burning fluorescence spared no detail : this dog was criminally hideous . 
 her large , flat head wore a singularly mismatched pointy muzzle . 
 that thick brutish body stood perched precariously on the long graceful legs of a greyhound , so that she moved permanently en point like an obese ballerina . 
 her tiny stump of a tail stood straight up , appeared to have been amputated . 
 a coat like a mousy hessian sack capped it all off . 
 ` excuse me . ' 
 the owner was at my shoulder , hands flickering excitedly . 
 ` you really do n't want this one . 
 used to be a family dog , but then she bit the little girl and practically pulled the poor mite 's arm off . 
 i saw the scars in the paper -- terrible , terrible . 
 and the dog had been perfectly friendly up until then . 
 she 's the worst sort ; totally unpredictable , and she 'll pup in the next few days . 
 you 'll be stuck with a whole litter of monsters . ' 
 ` i can see that for myself . 
 nonetheless , she 's my girl . ' 
 ` but please , i really ca n't give her to you ! 
 the council 's ordered that she be destroyed and everyone knows about the poor little girl . 
 i could lose my ... ' he missed his chance to finish that sentence , as i turned the full impact of my smile on him . 
 devastatingly effective . 
 this was the smile reserved for just such impedances , and from the way the owner flushed i gathered that up until now he had batted strictly hetero all his life . 
 likely a touch of banjo playing red-blooded homophobia there , too . 
 i took off my sunglasses and smiled on , broadly . 
 his type were the easiest to exploit ; catch them out with no defences or experience to fall back on . 
 compounding the issue , pheromone cues were beginning their work on him . 
 my pores opened , releasing a waxy enticing odour . 
 olfaction is one of our oldest and most directly hardwired senses , with a mainline into the subconscious . 
 quite frankly the owner never stood a chance . 
 ` but ... ' the man 's protest was so feeble that i relented and pulled out my wallet , tipping the indecision . 
 let the owner wake up and tell himself tomorrow that he handed the bitch over in deference to the mighty dollar ; who would n't be tempted ? 
 it would make him feel better , by daylight at least . 
 but he would remember his motivation more honestly in the sticky warmth of the night . 
 ` would you mind putting a rope on her for me ? ' 
 the owner nodded eagerly , breathing hard . 
 i put my sunglasses back on . 
 the bitch growled softly as the door to her pen creaked open and the stub of her tail wagged once . 
 the owner was not taking any chances . 
 he had fished down from the wall a contraption with a suspiciously home-grown look to it : a stout pole wrapped in gaffer tape . 
 the wire loop at the end he deftly slipped over the bitch 's head to keep her at arm 's length should she try anything . 
 this was old hat : the bitch did not deign to snarl and thrash around at the end of the snare as expected . 
 she pointedly ignored both the owner and his silly rope , and instead grinned hugely at me . 
 a purplish tongue lolled expansively from the corner of her mouth . 
 ` it 's tied in a slipknot , ' the owner explained , leading her out . 
 ` pull the rope and it 'll get tighter . 
 are you sure . . ? ' 
 i held out my hand for the rope . 
 as the owner reluctantly handed it over the bare skin of our fingers brushed . 
 sexual heat crackled through the connection . 
 he started , and dropped everything , ashamed of a telltale stirring in those cheap polyester pants . 
 his humiliated eyes both coveted and avoided my impassive polished lenses as i bent to retrieve the rope . 
 that was the weak moment . 
 that was when the bitch chose to act . 
 i was close to the ground , down at her level . 
 i heard the pole scrape on concrete without seeing anything of her lunge , and reflex alone was my saviour . 
 i flinched to one side and she missed . 
 shot past , claws scrabbling . 
 and my mind caught up . 
 in one angry movement i seized the rope before it whipped away , and yanked on it savagely . 
 the result was surprisingly true to slapstick cartoons , when the charging dog runs to the end of its tether . 
 the bitch 's head was jerked up short while her body tried to keep on going . 
 she executed an almost perfect flip . 
 really i was lucky not to have snapped my new pet 's neck then and there , good money down the drain . 
 doubly lucky too that i failed to abort her litter with the swift kick i landed on her butt , just below the stubby little tail . 
 the bitch shivered but did not yelp . 
 the owner , fat lot of help he had been , gaped open mouthed from dog to me as though only now trying to decide which prospect was more dangerous . 
 ` thank you very much ! ' 
 i snapped at him over my shoulder . 
 ` what would i do without a professional ? ' 
 a little bloody froth seeped from the corner of the bitch 's mouth . 
 for a moment nausea threatened , a brief flashback of muttonbird 's snarling lips and the blood in her teeth , but i pushed it away . 
 crooning , i knelt and prised the dog 's jaws open . 
 as i thought : she had bitten through that great purple tongue was all , nothing serious . 
 the fright had done more harm . 
 shocked wheezy gasps billowed in and out of her lungs . 
 i carefully gathered the bitch up into my arms and stood with the rope dangling . 
 her swollen teats were almost feverishly hot and squashy against my forearms . 
 a winter snowstorm of dog hair began on my shirt ; oh the joys of pet ownership . 
 the owner , hovering like a nervous drone fly , trailed me all the way out to the bus stop . 
 he could not prevent himself launching into mumbling , repetitive apologies that merely tapered off ; standing too close and then leaning back to preserve his space . 
 eagerness , uncertain and vulnerable , sweltered off him . 
 an entire life lived as generic straight guy number three rendered him incapable of asking , but his eyes said it anyway : stay . 
 please stay . 
 ` oh , and by the way ... ' as i boarded the bus i turned absently , and it were as though a guilty flame had been lit in his flesh . 
 at the same time the beginnings of a cold flush spiked the air . 
 as the ambient temperature dropped , his trembling lips parted . 
 i adjusted my sunglasses and smiled . 
 ` have a great day . ' 
 the bus doors closed on him as frost was beginning to glitter in his hair . 
 the engine roared , and i was gone from his life forever . 
 the bitch behaved herself like a good dog all the ride home , making only breathy whimpering sounds through her nose . 
 crying animals are great for hitting a chord with the public , and a few fellow passengers glanced over sympathetically . 
 up front somebody 's baby even began to wail in harmony , but failed to garner the same attention ; kids had become more a social pest than any hope for the future . 
 every man for himself . 
 my eyes were watering too , but not from compassion . 
 to be plunged amongst the human herd was an unlovely experience even at the best of times . 
 add in a forty-two degree day , and lock them within the confines of a rolling tin can , and they all metamorphosed into giant reeking armpits . 
 as the bus pulled up to my stop a white haired old woman actually touched my arm ! 
 ` excuse me . ' 
 she goggled up through eyes as watery as ill-poached eggs . 
 ` is your dog ill ? ' 
 my horrified skin crawled , but i dredged up the polite rictus of a smile . 
 ` she 'll be fine . 
 it 's just the heat . ' 
 ` mm , the heat . 
 terrible , is n't it ? ' 
 with a non-committal shrug i escaped gratefully into fresh air . 
 i waited until the human melting pot had lumbered away around a corner . 
 then i gently put the bitch on the ground and thoroughly wiped my arm clean . 
 who knew what might be contagious ? 
 then i heaved the bitch back off the ground and settled her bulk so that it was comfortable to carry . 
 once we were safely home i laid my prize on the cool kitchen tiles and dribbled cold water patiently over her nose and ears . 
 the therapy took a while , but i had time . 
 it was near midnight before my nursing paid off . 
 eventually the bitch opened her confounded eyes , sneezed and shook her broad head spraying dog scented droplets all over the kitchen . 
 ` feel better puppy ? 
 want to go for a walk ? ' 
 pathetically grateful , the bitch wobbled to her feet and wriggled as eagerly as that huge stomach would allow . 
 i put a new rope around her neck with an ordinary knot rather than the noose . 
 nevertheless , once i put my shoes back on she kept one deferential step behind my heel as though trained to it . 
 i patted her head , rolling those little silky ears between my fingers . 
 ` there 's a good dog . ' 
 we went down to the beach to watch the sun rise . 
 at this hour i had hoped the sand might be pristinely empty , but it seemed somebody had not gone to bed that night . 
 a woman was there , all alone . 
 she sprawled on one of those enormous beach towels called sheets , with big insectoid glasses perched incongruously on her languid face . 
 not even i wore my glasses at night -lrb- although they waited in my pocket for the first hint of day -rrb- . 
 they must render her uselessly blind . 
 she might well have been there all night , basking in the rays of the now departed moon . 
 the coastline brought money , and financial stability often fostered the mental opposite . 
 i hiked along the sand to ensure a good distance from the intruder before sitting down and unleashing my dog for a free run . 
 the bitch could not believe her luck . 
 she ploughed straight into the water in a sheet of spray , and then galloped up the beach collecting a crust of dry sand on her coat and flying tongue . 
 then , out of breath , sides heaving , she began a thorough nasal inspection of the high tide seaweed . 
 i worked my fingers into the cool dry sand , letting the grains spill through my grip . 
 without the gold benison of sun the beach was colourless and unreal , merely waiting in abeyance for the day 's return . 
 i filled my nostrils and lungs with the dim salty air . 
 ` excuse me . ' 
 it was the mysterious woman , divested of her insect goggles . 
 she stood above me , smiling with a faint ironic twist and i took the time to clinically look her over . 
 most people 's bodies carry their history with them . 
 for example , this specimen would have resembled an adolescent giraffe in her early days : all knees and elbows . 
 although most ganglers rarely get over it , on her it had translated into long limbed adult grace . 
 the sky was lightening as though to assist my study , a paler grey . 
 illumination edged around the woman 's looming silhouette and began picking out details . 
 hair like pale fluffy sand , bleached by the sun . 
 a tan almost to rival my own , although chalky patches beneath her eyes betrayed a much lighter origin . 
 i wondered where she found enough sun over winter to maintain the complexion . 
 she was also stark naked . 
 i was pretty sure she had not been naked when on the towel , but not certain . 
 i really had not given it so much attention . 
 ` well ? ' 
 the woman asked eventually when i looked but said nothing . 
 perhaps she was used to men falling into piles of foaming dribble at the sight of her unclothed . 
 for my part , i thought that should i concentrate very hard i might be able to muster some vague offhand curiosity . 
 ` what do you mean by `` well '' ? 
 you 're the one who interrupted me . ' 
 to the stranger 's credit she did not remain fazed for long . 
 in one smooth move she seated herself cross legged in the sand opposite me . 
 ` well perhaps i want something from you . ' 
 sure , you and the rest of the world . 
 i was briefly intrigued by the mechanics of the female genitalia . 
 even while sitting open legged it still remained mostly closed , secret and hidden away . 
 it must be a handy evolutionary quirk . 
 useful for , say , keeping the sand out . 
 beach coloured , evolved ; by now i was almost ready to believe my curious visitor was some spirit of the coastline . 
 when true sunlight burst in she would evaporate , just dissolve back into her native element . 
 i glanced up in time to see her mouth curve . 
 ` you 're looking at me , ' she said softly , amused . 
 ` i can not look just as easily . ' 
 i returned my dismissive gaze to the horizon . 
 a few hopeful seagulls wheeled overhead beginning their pre-dawn racket . 
 the beach was presently bare of the wasteful humans they loved , but it would not remain so for long and the early bird gets the refuse . 
 the naked woman did not seem at all apprehensive at the impending prospect of spectators . 
 ` simon , ' she said . 
 my name dropped to the sand . 
 my eyes flickered , but i failed to react otherwise . 
 the woman tilted her head . 
 ` do n't you want to know how i got your name ? 
 you know simon , some people believe that names give you power over others . 
 so since i know yours , it 's only fair that i give you mine . ' 
 i stared out to sea to demonstrate how far beyond caring i was . 
 rubbish and cheap superstition . 
 names did not have any power . 
 by my interlocutor 's sing-song tone she was setting up some kind of feminine game , one i had no intention of playing . 
 ` simon ? ' 
 she leaned closer to whisper , although the only ones at risk of overhearing were the gulls . 
 the air was rich in brine and seaweed . 
 over it , i thought i caught a faint whiff of her golden skin . 
 ` i 'm sylvia . 
 i watch you . ' 
 i shifted away irritably . 
 this was getting out of hand . 
 ` do you now ? ' 
 ` do n't you know me , simon ? 
 i said we should meet . ' 
 ah . 
 now it all made a grotesque kind of sense . 
 sylva was my kook , no beach spirit at all . 
 tiring of shadowy emails , she must have decided on a cruder approach . 
 ` congratulations . 
 do you people have some kind of certificate when graduating from annoyance to stalker ? ' 
 ` stalker ? ' 
 of all things , she sounded hurt . 
 ` i do n't have the time for this . ' 
 i stood and whistled for the bitch , dusting myself off . 
 there would be other sunrises to enjoy . 
 ` amuse yourself with someone else . ' 
 between the beach and concreted urban civilisation sat a little wilderness , stretching up and down the coast . 
 a thin strip of twisted tea tree and tough as tack weeds . 
 rumour had it the local council had grand plans in the pipeline to bulldoze the lot , nesting seabirds and all , in order to put in holiday condos . 
 after all , scrub generates no revenue . 
 they would not be feeling so smart once the first wind came up and filled their streets with sand . 
 the bitch came bursting from the tangle , covered in sticks and grass with her tongue and belly tumbling . 
 stopping only to violate the clean beach laws she obeyed my whistle but it was sylvia she went to first , tail vibrating frenetically . 
 ` come here ! ' 
 i snapped , holding out the rope . 
 the bitch eyed me , then bumped the woman 's bare breasts with her dribbling sand encrusted nose . 
 sylvia laughed and wiped the slimy trails away . 
 ` nice dog . ' 
 dawn was on the water now , transforming it from impenetrable grey to green , a green with depth and transparency . 
 as sylvia looked up at me i had to notice that her eyes were exactly the same colour . 
 ` i like dogs . 
 what 's her name ? ' 
 i did not particularly want to own up to what i had dubbed the animal . 
 ` her name is get here right now ! ' 
 the bitch grunted reluctantly but obeyed . 
 as i re-tied the rope , sylvia began gathering up her towel . 
 ` wait . 
 i 'll walk with you . ' 
 my patience was already tried and condemned . 
 i spitefully looped the leash back into a slipknot . 
 ` you absolutely will not , ' i replied over my shoulder while striding away . 
 she was still standing and staring as the tea trees closed between us . 
 annoyed and out of sorts , perhaps i was not paying as much attention as i should have been . 
 perhaps the bitch saw her opportunity for a new owner , a more gullible female one , slipping away . 
 but unfortunately for her she was still too slow from the boot i had administered earlier . 
 the rope was yanked from my inattentive hands , but i stamped briskly down before it could get away . 
 the bitch had the remarkable foresight to check her leap for freedom this time and avoided another throttling . 
 instead , she turned her momentum into a tight attacking arc and clamped her slavering jaws around my foot . 
 oh hell she was biting me ! 
 my shoe was being crushed in a snarling vice . 
 i could feel the press of each individual tooth : the bitch was biting my foot ! 
 dog bites infect . 
 they form ugly puckered scars . 
 i howled and wrenched my shoe free , ready to punt her with it and it would not be any warning tap this time . 
 suddenly , seeing the game was up , the bitch became a fawning bundle of worship . 
 i drew my foot back threateningly and now she whined piteously . 
 she wormed forward on her belly , stumpy tail churning the air with goodwill . 
 she began licking both of my shoes as though she meant to eat me that way , like a lollypop . 
 i shoved her aside and bent to examine the damage . 
 thank heaven . 
 the leather was foul , but although my foot tingled it was the ache of a limb compressed . 
 not mauled or torn through . 
 ` oh , thank you , thank you . ' 
 i was not sure just who i was addressing . 
 certainly not the bitch . 
 i looked down into her wet apprehensive eyes . 
 ` i know exactly where you need to go ! ' 
 the bitch 's howls as i shut her in the cold room were frightful . 
 they reminded me of other screams i had heard long ago , the sound mum made the day she surprised dear old dad shaking simon-the-boy like a feverish rag doll on his bed . 
 it was almost more trouble than discipline was worth to get the dog down there at all . 
 just like the real estate agent she baulked , refusing to go any further than the head of the stairs . 
 however , i had not held a rope around the real estate agent 's neck . 
 i set my shoulders and pulled , muscles shifting like the parts of a well oiled piston . 
 for the bitch 's part , she was like a snake i had once seen skewered on a garden hoe . 
 she thrashed and bucked . 
 at the brink of the first step she braced all four legs , the rope disappearing beneath her ruff . 
 she was strangling . 
 her face and neck swelled right up , eyes bulging and purple tongue protruding fatly from peeled back lips . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 i feared i might not be able to master her on force alone . 
 she might be willing to die . 
 i was about to slacken the rope when the bitch gave in first . 
 agonisingly , huffing for breath , she inched her way down the stairs . 
 her tail was too short to hide between her legs but it pressed tightly to her buttocks . 
 then once i had her inside the cold room it was easier . 
 all of the fight went out of her in a rush . 
 she rolled and cowered on the floor . 
 ` you 'll learn to do as i say ! ' 
 i spoke to the bitch through the closed cold room door , leaning forehead and palms hard against it . 
 through those points of contact i could feel my anger streaming out of me , transmitted into the wood . 
 ` everybody learns . ' 
 i thumped my head on the surface once . 
 only skin five the heat outside the night hung hot and still . 
 an oppressive fog of sweat slung low as a pregnant belly . 
 under such conditions the mind could not help but to dream and expand as the body did also , every pore opening hungrily to breathe . 
 i had been hovering in placed sleep , utterly disconnected from life 's troubles when suddenly i gasped and opened my eyes in the dark . 
 cold ! 
 a single breath of debilitating cold , as though some tragic phantom had lifted the sheets and exhaled across me . 
 before i even made it out of sleep my horrified scrotum was trying to burrow back into my body and the warmth of entrails . 
 shocked awake , i forced my outraged teeth to unclench . 
 already the air was recovering its ambience but following the cold there came a sound . 
 once detected the frequency was impossible to ignore , a vibration in the bed frame . 
 shifting pillow and mattress aside i put my ear to the bed 's chill steel , trying not to flinch . 
 it was the bitch . 
 the bitch was moaning in the night , her persistent racket travelling from the cold room up through the floorboards and into my bed . 
 already the animal 's incarceration was bringing positive results . 
 each time i opened the cold room 's door those ears had sunk a little lower , her mad cunning eyes shone a little glassier . 
 calculated rebellion was being leeched from her bit by bit . 
 there was refuse to be disposed of , of course , which i mucked out without a fuss . 
 not much sense complaining over things that can not be helped . 
 except that for some reason it had all begun accumulating under muttonbird 's card tables . 
 as ridiculous as it sounded , it were as though the bitch kept forcing her bulk under there , squatting and shuffling , whenever she needed to move her bowels . 
 that left me getting down and kneeling right in close to the girl in order to clean up . 
 and while we were on the topic , there was something wrong with muttonbird . 
 rather than glazing over restfully her milky blue eyes goggled , surprised and angry . 
 her spine had wrenched sideways somehow and as a result she twisted restlessly in place as though caught in a nonexistent wind . 
 not literally . 
 if we were talking literally then of course she was still . 
 but as i cleaned up the bitch 's shit , in the corner of my eye muttonbird writhed over me , twisting and swaying . 
 unsure how best to feed a pregnant animal i ripped open a bag of dog biscuits and left the issue to the bitch 's discretion . 
 surely she could be trusted to sort that one out for herself . 
 and the puppies inside her grew . 
 the bitch inhaled the cold room 's air . 
 the food she wolfed down was riddled with tiny crystalline structures . 
 what water she received was licked from the walls ; they had sheathed themselves in shining ice for their guest , like a womb thickening its lining with the welcoming nourishment of blood vessels . 
 all this the bitch took in and passed faithfully to her pups . 
 no matter how empty and hopeless the dog 's face might be when i entered the cold room , it always filled with expectation just as i was leaving . 
 waddling with that belly protruding grotesquely she would come eagerly at my heels , whines rising in pitch and desperation until i slammed the door between us . 
 i had though that i was locking the plaint in with her , but now i could hear it . 
 i could hear her , but that was nothing new . 
 so why was i awake ? 
 there had been something to do with cold , which did not sound right ; it was anything but cold in here . 
 i would never get any sleep at this rate , although i strove manfully . 
 left side , right side , head squidged into the pillow ; even diagonally , my favourite position , with arms flung out across the bed . 
 eventually it became evident that sleep was just not happening . 
 i threw back the covers and stood , wavering with no reference points in the dark . 
 out here , the night was a special kind of dark . 
 in the city the lights were always left burning to keep people 's worries exposed , but when left to themselves the moon and stars alone were not bright enough to light the ground . 
 i was untroubled by it ; i knew my surroundings with the ease of long practice . 
 the familiarity of my bedroom lay all around , and i could sense without seeing every stick of furniture and the air it displaced . 
 leaving the bed i took a single confident step . 
 and yelped as a stinging burning needle was thrust into my ankle . 
 abruptly the walls that i had not needed to see plunged away , and i plunged sickeningly with them . 
 my gut was falling while standing still . 
 all dimension and placement in the world was falling . 
 not only was i no longer sure where i might be standing in the room but the house itself , the beach and the rest of the sane universe had gone . 
 i was no longer its centre and axis . 
 i gagged on disorientation . 
 all that existed was a terrifying void crammed with the rush and stench of feathers . 
 sweating but refusing to give in , i reached out blindly for something . 
 anything . 
 the floor was tilting and swaying like a bough beneath me , wanting to throw me off . 
 one arm cracked painfully against a surface . 
 i found it again and clung there gratefully . 
 a wall . 
 a blessedly solid wall , although it rocked in its own way to the rhythm of the chaos . 
 spread-eagled i flattened myself fervently to the plaster surface , wanting to sink safely into it and become part of solidarity . 
 i was smothering on air . 
 the feathers were overwhelming . 
 every bird that ever existed must be waiting out there in the dark , packed together in a dense spreading mass . 
 for some time , i could not calculate how long , i simply stood there and breathed . 
 what had bitten my ankle ? 
 what it if had been a snake ? 
 they were not exactly uncommon out this way , and once i had the thought of reptiles in my head i could not get rid of them . 
 was that tickling that i could feel spreading up my leg a poison ? 
 death pumped briskly by my own traitorous heart , seeking the electricity of my brain . 
 now both legs were feeling weak . 
 help ? 
 i tried tentatively , or at least i might have whispered it . 
 i could not stay clinging there forever , too lost and uncertain to move . 
 every moment of hesitation made the prospect of eventual motion harder to tolerate . 
 i should never have left the safety of the bed . 
 when i was small , mum always knew when i awoke in the dark . 
 she just knew . 
 simon-the-boy would wake , but before there was even the chance to be afraid would come the hurried scrape of slippers in the hallway . 
 to the boy the arrival of angels could sound no sweeter ; mum was coming to save him . 
 then the hall light would click on and rush under the door like rapture . 
 mapping out the bedroom , breaking his paralysis . 
 mum never even had to enter but instead lingered just outside his door , close enough to throw her shadow under it . 
 the softest whisper : ` baby boy . ' 
 then she would return to her own bed on hush hush slippers as quickly as she had come . 
 i wished more than anything she was here , but mum could not help me now . 
 she wanted to , of course , but how could she ? 
 she was downstairs in the cold room and i locked the door from the outside these days because the bitch was in there with her . 
 the bitch had to learn her lesson . 
 all of them locked in together , so as much as i wished for mum , willed for her , she could not come . 
 all i had was the wall . 
 that was at least something . 
 something was better than nothing . 
 walls do not exist without rooms -- so in spite of what my senses claimed , the room still had to be there . 
 i was on a wall in a room . 
 which wall was i on ? 
 calmly , i told myself . 
 stay calm . 
 i am simon . 
 when i stood , i came straight out from the bed , so logically i ought to be on the far wall . 
 that should put the light switch to my left at chest height . 
 my fingers scrabbled on the empty wall and panic kicked me in the chest . 
 where was it ? 
 where was it ? 
 a little higher . 
 closing my hand on that flat square switch was ... incredible ! 
 i had just been pulled back from an abyss . 
 dragged from a fire . 
 somebody else had satisfied celia 's carnal proclivities for a change . 
 i knew where i was and where everything was , and it was the most beautiful feeling in the world . 
 i pressed the switch and etched the room in light . 
 hey presto . 
 my bedroom . 
 how could i have become so disoriented and frightened in here ? 
 it was like being afraid of your own foot . 
 already the dread was receding and unreal , rolled back by reason 's tide , i could no longer give it credence . 
 but something had triggered it . 
 what on earth bit me ? 
 i rubbed a little red spot on my ankle . 
 scanned the floor , and actually laughed out loud when i located the culprit . 
 poisonous snake indeed ! 
 when blundering around in the dark all i had done was to kick the sharp corner of muttonbird 's little journal , left conveniently on the floor for me to trip over at my own leisure . 
 the last to leave , the blast of adrenaline eased its way out like an embarrassed party guest . 
 my heart subsided within its cage of ribs . 
 everybody calm down now , move along , nothing to see here . 
 still chuckling i idly picked up muttonbird 's book and sat on the corner of my bed , mattress squeaking . 
 it creaked in silence , the bitch 's cries forgotten . 
 now , how did this get in here ? 
 i thought i had burned all of the ugly girl 's crap . 
 it was certainly a fair representation of her earthly possessions . 
 the journal 's pages were creased and dirty , not treated well , and threatening to escape their cheap binding . 
 the cardboard cover was indelibly marked with the press of both muttonbird 's fingers and mine , rippled indents that i could feel with my thumb . 
 now there was a snatch of recollection i could do without . 
 how those awful bloodied eyes had rolled jerkily down to the book held between us . 
 no , actually what i found even more than awful was the explosive violence of her demise . 
 it were as though hate alone had galvanised her , hate kept her going when the rest of life 's reasons had fled . 
 while the others gave up living so easily , almost gratefully . 
 i flipped the pages lazily with my thumbnail and flipped them again , soft paper whiffling . 
 they gave off a faint library smell . 
 but then one word jumped out at me : `` cigarette '' , and my digit dove in almost involuntarily to pin the spot . 
 the process was quite like those crappy books of advice they sell on newsstands : hold your question in mind , and on some random page your answer will be found . 
 a book of all life 's problems solved in a single trite sentence , authored by somebody who devoted their whole existence to gardening or the breeding of fluffy kittens . 
 i opened up to see what muttonbird would have to say . 
 ooh . 
 what a nasty vitriolic account of the emphysema crusader who had been sitting nearby at a café when muttonbird wrote this . 
 a girl her age should not even know so many rude words , at least not in a row . 
 she was outraged , disgusted at the persistent smoke that insinuated down her mouth and nose to spoil the savour of a short black and a hazelnut latte downed one after the other . 
 i could almost taste it myself . 
 a scatter of chocolate coffee beans across a generic white café saucer , both dark and milk chocolate . 
 in spite of the git smoker the café itself was a soothing refuge , warm with steam and sweet with the aroma of brewing . 
 muttonbird / i leaned down and gently spread some cheese bagel crumbs across the tiles . 
 please do not feed the birds read the sign , but stuff ` em . 
 it was unlikely any café owner appreciated what being truly hungry was like . 
 a small sparrow was on the case immediately with its funny jumping walk , just one of the many tiny birds that darted in and out the big glass door with each arriving patrol . 
 the sparrow kept one hypersensitive bright eye on me at all times as it pecked , and pecked . 
 right on , bird , i thought sourly with the warm glow of charity fading . 
 never trust anyone . 
 especially the hand that feeds you . 
 the little sparrow was a boy . 
 the ones with the little black bibs were boys ; i remembered that from a fable i read as a child . 
 in the story this fairy was having trouble telling the boy sparrows from the girls , because once upon a time they all looked the same and apparently gender was more critical than personality , so she handed out bibs ... shivering , i forced the crummy pages of muttonbird 's journal together . 
 i had never read any fairy story about sparrows as a child ; i was never much of a reader . 
 so how could i remember curling up with the book so clearly ? 
 the book was safe , the story was a refuge from a confusing and violent world . 
 running my tongue around the backs of my teeth i found the aftertaste of two coffees . 
 one bitter , one sweet . 
 i never drink coffee . 
 what the hell was all that about ? 
 my lip curled , and in a sudden fit of frightened temper i hurled the journal away from me . 
 it tumbled into a corner , pages splayed . 
 for a moment i felt remorseful as though i had actually hurt the thing ! 
 ` so , smokers are jerks , huh ? ' 
 angrily i hunted down my deck and smoked two cigarettes right down to the filter , sucking as though i could get the smoke into my toes . 
 it effectively burned away all of the disturbing coffee taste . 
 the problem being , though , that suddenly the cigarettes did not taste all that good themselves . 
 not good at all . 
 i flopped down onto the bed with both fists scrunched against my forehead . 
 taste was not the only problem that had lingered . 
 while reading i had thought like muttonbird , as muttonbird ! 
 i recoiled from the sharp , almost offensive precision of her alien thoughts as we had sat in that café -lrb- what café ? 
 i did n't visit cafes ! -rrb- . 
 even the emotions she experienced had their clearly quarantined borders : this was where anger left off and resignation began , with resentment way off over there , and so on . 
 it was unnatural , repugnant . 
 like thinking with razor blades instead of a brain . 
 i left the light on . 
 sleep , when it finally swallowed me , was soggy and brought no relief . 
 i dreamed of a woolly haired ice maiden who knelt on my ribs , feet digging into my thighs . 
 her weight bruised the contents of my chest and was gradually forcing my spine right through the mattress . 
 my arms would not move . 
 i hitched and fought to breathe . 
 bucking her off was impossible . 
 her mass was a mountain crushing me into the bed . 
 the ice woman put cold fingers to my lips , caressingly , but when i looked up into her overhanging face it was pinched and cruel . 
 and powerful . 
 the looming face of a goddess . 
 the scar of my hip flared up molten with mortal fear , burning , my terror had no other outlet . 
 the goddess flinched from the searing brand , the black holes of her features opening wide . 
 yet even as she melted away i still reached for her because once she had gone i would be all alone . 
 i could not stand to be alone . 
 i was still reaching out to nothing when i woke in the morning . 
 shocked chills wracked my body , and i remained huddled in bed for a long time , arms protecting my sore bruised chest . 
 ` what the hell ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` what the hell , what the hell ? ' 
 the light was on , as i had left it last night . 
 but today was friday , not saturday . 
 i was lying on the cheap futon in my flat in the city , where i had been all week . 
 my real home , the bitch , muttonbird and her journal were all very far away . 
 it took all the bravery i could muster merely to crawl out of bed and into the shower . 
 after all , was n't that where things started going wrong last night : when i ventured out of bed ? 
 only last night was a night that could not possibly have happened . 
 at least once i was in the shower i was glad ; the comfort of warm water sluiced away residue , if not actual memories . 
 i emerged as clean and braced for the day as i was going to get . 
 but i had been so sure i was already home . 
 i had been so sure . 
 and , i remembered with a sudden jolt of fear , i had tasted the coffee . 
 the impossible coffee , straight from her taste buds to mine , and who was going to explain that ? 
 there was some other memory mixed in there , too . 
 odd recollections of muttonbird 's ugly face , of reaching arms and an acute steely pain in my chest . 
 daylight and rationality were already dicing it into meaningless fragments , though , and eventually i quit picking at it . 
 what was there left to do but to head off to work for the day . 
 follow the routine . 
 thankfully her highness did not require my presence until the very end of the day when most of the staff were already packing up for the impending long weekend . 
 she had been too busy entertaining a board meeting of her daddy 's suits , perhaps even entertaining them in the same manner as she did me . 
 it gave me some time to just sit quietly and get a handle on myself -lrb- before celia got the chance , ha ha -rrb- . 
 nothing other than a long day of office tedium could convince me that the here and now was real . 
 nothing else could possibly be so boring . 
 the smell of coffee drew me to the office urn momentarily . 
 i had never drunk coffee , what did it taste like ? 
 as sharp and yet tension-relieving as muttonbird remembered it ? 
 one sip dissuaded me from any more . 
 it was horrible , bitter and gaggingly horrible , and i scalded my tongue . 
 i had been right all along , coffee tastes like absolute rubbish . 
 no sane person would ever drink it . 
 there was of course an email waiting for me . 
 no prize for guessing whom from -- some people just have nothing useful to fill their time . 
 sylvia , beach spirit , wacky kook , was in her own small way waxing eloquent . 
 you are a very pretty man in real life , simon astonishingly pretty up close . 
 and so on . 
 not really worth reading . 
 i had my rather scathing reply all typed out and ready to send when a voice snapped , ` simon ! ' 
 i jumped guiltily but of course celia was not behind me leaning over the chair . 
 she was on the intercom . 
 i turned and , yes , the suits from her meeting were filing meekly out of her office , a procession of sombre faces and receding grey hairlines . 
 i hesitated , then wiped the email waiting to be sent . 
 how quickly you could erase an entire intention using technology . 
 the words only existed for so long as they were on the screen , vulnerable , waiting to be printed or struck . 
 the message i actually sent back was simply : yes . 
 i am , are n't i ? 
 my boss was certainly on her high horse today -- well , she did so like to straddle things . 
 the only positive aspect of our relations , i thought spitefully as i opened the glass door , was being spared the tedium of maintaining any actual two-way conversations . 
 ` they were blown away , really blown away , ' celia sang exultantly as she paced , almost dancing . 
 ` i dazzled them , i schmazzled them . 
 of course it is n't terribly difficult to amaze corporate nitwits but , even so , daddy will be so pleased with me . 
 i ca n't wait ` til he reads their report ! ' 
 celia rubbed her hands gleefully although i could not see much to thrill over . 
 to the best of my knowledge , the most sincere affection daddy 's girl received was a whopping great cheque on her birthday . 
 perhaps a phone call from his secretary if she was lucky . 
 apparently they were both satisfied with the size of the emotional bribe , as daddy had not seen his girl in years . 
 however , the prospect of pleasing the big man must have triggered some kind of electra complex in celia . 
 next thing i knew , her blouse was flying across the room . 
 it settled on the drinks cabinet in a slither of expensive chartreuse silk . 
 ` i want you simon , ' celia commanded as though it were news to me . 
 ` right now . ' 
 oh well . 
 to work , then . 
 pressing celia rhythmically into the carpet , i found my thoughts free for more abstract reflection . 
 for example , i could not escape noticing how my boss ' bared breasts bobbled with each jolt . 
 they looked exactly like the chunks of jelly you get in kid 's airline meals , during turbulence . 
 the motion would probably be more appealing were they a nice lime green or raspberry red . 
 on paper , celia 's generous figure was a monroe styled signifier of opulence and wealth . 
 i tried to concentrate on that rather than the more persistent image of a rippling bull elephant seal charging up the beach . 
 uh oh . 
 that almost had me laughing , which was perilous to keeping events upright . 
 i needed something more neutral to focus on . 
 carpet -- carpet was bland . 
 with the long fibres pushed apart beneath our weight i could see the dirt at floor level . 
 deep pile carpets are virtually impossible to clean , even with the hordes of starving international students celia employed and armed with those vacuum cleaners that can pick up bowling balls . 
 how sadly appropriate this act should be performed amidst the kind of dirt that just wo n't clean out . 
 ` simon . ' 
 something was strange . 
 something had changed . 
 the flesh that i heaved myself against was suddenly even softer , more yielding . 
 it were as though all of celia 's muscles had relaxed at once and limply given up the ghost . 
 that was my first impression : cessation ; that my vain power-grubbing boss had up and died . 
 just great . 
 how was i supposed to pay the bills now ? 
 but surely the heat must depart a cadaver gradually . 
 celia was bloodless all at once . 
 not merely cold but icy . 
 the sort of intense cold that sears until you can no longer really tell , is it scorching or freezing ? 
 my shrieking nerve endings refused to bear any more . 
 i gasped horribly , a strangling sound , not realising i had had my eyes closed until my eyelids fled . 
 the head below me was embedded in a thicket of dark curly hair . 
 not celia 's russet mane at all . 
 weak blue eyes gleamed up like two impassive glass beads , at odds with the passionate heaving and contortion of the body . 
 i saw a translucent , marred complexion , ungraced by makeup . 
 what i saw was not celia 's face at all and i twisted my own away . 
 ` no ! ' 
 ` simon ? ' 
 the voice issuing from muttonbird 's slack lips was still celia 's , thick with lust . 
 i clung to that . 
 ` just a dream , ' i muttered desperately against her neck . 
 the overwhelming wool reek of muttonbird 's hair stuffed my nostrils shut . 
 airless claustrophobia loomed . 
 ` it ca n't be you . ' 
 i closed my eyes again to shut it out , but the erotic image of the cold room that i had employed had well and truly fled . 
 in its place muttonbird had invaded through the windows of my gaze , she presided there . 
 the straining of my body had little now to do with the two-backed beast , more like one dog locked helplessly into another . 
 i struggled to bring things to a halt but could not . 
 muttonbird bit my shoulder with her crooked teeth . 
 i saw celia 's cosmetics smeared on my skin and thought i 'd go mad . 
 all of my fear was being drawn into my manhood and it swelled anew , tight to the skin with terror . 
 painful . 
 all the while muttonbird 's slack dead face was observing my nakedness ; only her assessing eyes were alive . 
 she could see everything . 
 into my eyes , between the atoms of my body , between the lines . 
 i dimly gasped , ` stop ! ' 
 and it finally did , not with her but with me . 
 the terror low in my belly seemed to ignite , gushing ignominiously out to fill the latex sheathe . 
 i rolled off her , fighting to get air to the bottom of my shallow lungs . 
 flashing blots battled lazily before my eyes like a vortex of oil and water . 
 for a few panting minutes all i could manage was to lie limply , waiting for sufficient oxygen to clear my head . 
 celia was pure celia now , a sight i thought i would never be glad to see . 
 the blue eyed phantom had gone . 
 celia gave me a puzzled glance as she regained her feet and kicked off the panties that had been snared around her knees . 
 clad only in thigh high stockings and heels she headed straight for the reassurance of the drinks cabinet , stumbling a little as her shoes caught on the shag . 
 it was only once she was watching me cautiously through the bottom of a glass that i realised . 
 celia had not orgasmed . 
 not even close . 
 ` that was a first , ' she remarked tartly , draining the first of many bourbons with a grimace . 
 ` i ... ' i began , with no idea of what i was about to say . 
 dear celia cut me off , unwilling to entertain excuse or emotion . 
 ` never mind , simon . 
 my schedule 's been all over the place lately , too . 
 you know daddy always tells me i 'll only ever be on time for my birth and death . ' 
 she tittered indulgently , a sharp cautionary twist at the end . 
 ` we 'll just have to make sure we have better timing next time . ' 
 there was no doubt as to which of us was meant by `` we '' . 
 celia must be rather fond of me , though : she had given me enough space to recover myself , more than most were graced with . 
 i bowed comically low . 
 ` allow me to prepare myself over the long weekend , lest your beauty overcome me a second time . ' 
 smooth . 
 confident . 
 celia waved a dismissive hand . 
 she was occupied getting chummy with the bottle , so i left . 
 just one more brief task before the weekend was mine . 
 i opened my filing cabinet and took out a wad of paper . 
 ink jet print offs , each set out in the same precise fashion . 
 all of them emails dating back at least several months . 
 as soon as i had realised they were part of a series i had stopped deleting and started printing . 
 in the beginning they were brief . 
 cast your eyes to me . 
 or , beauty is the greatest virtue . 
 that was while sylvia the stalker was just getting into the swing of things . 
 from such uninspired beginnings she had now progressed to such gems as : i am the hot sun on your hard , hard ... well , you already know what the blessed light has touched . 
 all but your eyes . 
 what 's wrong with your eyes , simon that you wo n't show them to me ? 
 even now i ground my teeth in outrage to read it . 
 i was about to drop the lot into the bin , but thought better of it and stuffed the pages in my pocket . 
 your eyes . 
 no doubt the bitter office monkeys would rifle my waste paper bin given the chance . 
 eyes . 
 i would deposit the emails in a public bin outside . 
 perhaps distributed between several bins all around the city . 
 i slipped my sunglasses on and stepped into the lift . 
 there was nothing wrong with my eyes ! 
 it was other people 's eyes i had to worry about . 
 only skin six cosmetic i picked and fidgeted the entire train ride home , torn between affecting unconcern and the sober fact that i did n't feel it . 
 there really was nothing tangible to worry about , i consoled , patting my own head . 
 absolutely nothing . 
 over the long weekend celia would completely forget the ... the incident , in the flood of triviality that constituted her life . 
 oh , i broke a nail ; ah , an ingrown hair ; sob , daddy does n't love me . 
 why then , should i be worrying and jiggling first one foot then the other ? 
 no damn reason . 
 only ... only i was positive i had seen muttonbird instead of celia . 
 oh damn it , i had felt her . 
 if the one woman was not repulsive enough to make me crave a shower , enter the dead one -lrb- ha ha -rrb- . 
 you should not feel hallucinations in the real world . 
 that 's why it 's called `` real '' . 
 i had felt muttonbird 's maliciousness as well , as though it had actually been manifest ; a creepy ectoplasm oozing out of the atmosphere . 
 it had rolled off the intruder in waves , pervading everything she touched -- and she had certainly gone and touched me . 
 i still felt queasy . 
 sick and contaminated . 
 worry ! 
 proclaimed the half hidden by-line of a newspaper on the opposite seat , sending a superstitious prickle through me . 
 i wanted to pick it up and flip it all the way open , reveal the rest of the article as unportentious junk , but i could not make myself move , just in case it was n't . 
 rather than irrelevant semi-news the paper might gleefully shout : worry away , you screwed a dead girl ! 
 your boss is gearing herself up to fire you ! 
 i was unable to make myself touch the thing to resolve the issue one way or the other ; the best i could do was to keep my eyes off . 
 over the hills and far away . 
 if it was distraction from woe i wanted , there was more lurking back home at the beach house than any heart could desire . 
 even the atmosphere about the property had changed . 
 i could sample the difference in the air immediately , although at first i could not pinpoint how . 
 everything seemed to have shifted by the most miniscule degree to the left . 
 i was not certain of anything until i opened the door to the cold room . 
 down there everything had changed . 
 descending the stairs , i first noticed the walls . 
 their ice lining had gone , returning them to plain stone . 
 if i did not know better , i could pretend to myself that the winter wonderland had never existed at all . 
 my next cue was olfactory . 
 how lovely : the refuse beneath muttonbird 's tables was piled high , and had more than a few strange buttery coloured scraps mixed in . 
 nose wrinkled against the smell , i knelt and gingerly picked one out . 
 plastic . 
 the tiny red print could just be read : `` ... for healthy gums and a shiner coat ... '' . 
 holy crap . 
 grimacing , i dropped the scrap and wiped my fingers on my pants . 
 the bitch had eaten the bloody dog food bag . 
 muttonbird herself i refused to look at . 
 it was a tactic that had been serving me well lately . 
 if i looked , she might no longer be in repose but sitting up , head turned to fix me with her nasty washed out eyes . 
 and where was my dog ? 
 ` bitch ? 
 here , girl . ' 
 when i located the animal it was without any help from her part . 
 from a far corner of the room the bitch regarded me indifferently , her belly a vacant skin pouch . 
 a refugee might have eyes like that , the universal stare of the dispossessed . 
 one whose world has been torn and uprooted . 
 it was the sort of face splashed liberally across newspapers in times of war , to remind the progressive world of the consequences wreaked in its wake . 
 i shifted uneasily . 
 ` where are your babies ? ' 
 a squeak answered me , but not from her . 
 the bitch simply continued to stare blankly ahead of her . 
 a single puppy padded out from behind his mother 's bulk . 
 already steady on his feet , with none of that endearing clumsiness ubiquitous to all infants . 
 and he was not just big but too big . 
 far too advanced in size to be a baby . 
 even if he had been whelped immediately on my departure last monday morning he was still impossibly huge . 
 ` where are the others ? ' 
 of course there was nobody i could really ask . 
 a suspicion was sneaking up that the matters of the puppy 's size and solitary nature might be intrinsically linked . 
 however when i thought about it , really thought , i admitted that i did not particularly wish to know . 
 instead i hunched down , and the puppy pressed his cold nose into my palm . 
 a pair of baleful chocolate eyes rolled to my face . 
 ` well you 're a big boy , are n't you ? 
 what was your daddy then ? 
 a horse ? ' 
 a room with its walls full of ice ? 
 for all the bulging of the bitch 's belly there were no other babies , only this solitary puppy with his sleek coat and one paw blighted white , like it had been dipped in bleach . 
 ` fenrir , ' i said , naming him after that end world wolf and fenrir laughed up at me , opening his big jaws as though already ready to swallow the sun . 
 the bitch remained cowed behind him , finally knowing her place . 
 in pleasure i stood up , ignoring the faint needling about my stomach . 
 what you might call an inkling ; like being stuck with persistent little pins of detail . 
 just a tiny hint that things were not quite right . 
 but i was not about to let a little doubt rain on my parade , my essential sense of rightness in the universe . 
 smiling generously , a benevolent master , i opened the door and stood aside . 
 ` out you go . ' 
 after all , the cold room was no place for a growing puppy . 
 fenrir trotted immediately through the proffered portal , but his mother hesitated . 
 it was hard to have faith in kindness after having the same door slammed in her face for so long . 
 i waited patiently . 
 no need to force it . 
 i was not a cruel master , merely a firm one . 
 eventually , just as i was considering giving her a nudge -lrb- patience has its limits -rrb- , the bitch took the plunge and scuttled apprehensively through the opening . 
 you would think she expected a portcullis to drop on her any second . 
 as she passed through , in the stairwell light i saw how scabbed and weeping her pendulous teats had become , the marks of her loving son 's teeth . 
 leaving the dogs to explore the house i dumped my bag out on the bed . 
 it was a very simple sorting process : clothes to be washed got kicked into one pile , aftershave and whatnot to another . 
 the floor was soon heaped in junk being booted about , so my eventual clumsiness was not surprising . 
 i kicked something , and swore at a sharp pain in my ankle . 
 i looked down . 
 briefly the room swam about me and i put a hand out , afraid that i was about to lose it . 
 just plainly afraid because here was the impossibility from last night ! 
 my ankle was reddened in the same spot and the horrid girl 's two dollar journal lay precisely where i had thrown it . 
 ` muttonbird . ' 
 the voice made me jump before i realised it was mine , and i almost dropped the journal . 
 indeed i had barely registered the act of picking it up , but instinctively handled it gingerly the way you would a loathsome spider . 
 ` what the hell ? ' 
 the taste of coffee was back . 
 was there even such a thing as phantom memory ? 
 i could remember the feeling of being the wretched girl even more vividly than the taste , and had no particular desire to experience either ever again . 
 i could not put the journal back down , though . 
 i was worried that if all the cheap little book held were ordinary printed words , it might mean i was tipping off the reality carousel . 
 that would be worse . 
 indeed , that would be much worse . 
 so i opened to a page and was immediately no longer myself . 
 but , if an upside could be considered , i was not crazy . 
 i was muttonbird , but i was n't crazy . 
 i stood before a mirror in a strange room . 
 the surrounds were of a small studio type of arrangement , decked with the desolate carpet and inoffensive furnishing of cheap hotels the world over . 
 the mirror confirmed i was muttonbird , if i ever had chance to doubt it . 
 some of her feelings filtered through to me . 
 foremost was a dull experience of shame . 
 the reflection of the room behind me elaborated the story . 
 without turning i could see a large man sprawled on the bed . 
 naked , at least from what i could see of his torso . 
 a steady snore testified that he was at least alive . 
 the air smelt air conditioned dry , full of sweaty odours that circulated around and around the space . 
 my hair stuck out even more fantastically than usual , rumpled bed air , and i touched it with a stranger 's thin boned hands to feel the woolly texture . 
 the warm self-satisfied glow between my legs completed the tale . 
 i pulled the short dress off over my head . 
 he could n't even wait to take it off , floated though my mind briefly . 
 alone , my fingers would have fumbled the unfamiliar disrobing but muttonbird 's knowledge guided them surely . 
 no underwear . 
 good . 
 i really looked better without it cutting into soft skin , the natural lines of my body were better . 
 i briefly touched the warmth beneath my legs , searching through wiry hair , and smiled shyly . 
 or was that slyly ? 
 the man on the bed breathed slowly in and out . 
 when i turned from side to side i caught different angles of my naked self , trying to view my body as a stranger must . 
 disconnected words drifted through my thoughts : slut , whore ; as though i were trying them on for size . 
 occasionally my reflection might please me in a sort of abstract , long limbed manner -- this was not one of those days . 
 for a start , my paleness would have officially hit grotesque if it were n't so consistently sunburned . 
 and i knew all those freckles were just begging for an excuse to blossom into grand melanomas . 
 this situation , my body , always remained the same no matter what i tried . 
 my form remained cheesily loyal to the gawky adolescence that formed it , and the even gawkier childhood that preceded . 
 puberty had managed little alteration to the basic spirit of things . 
 every now and again i might fool myself that the curves hanging off my long bones were noveau rubinesque , sexy , the body of a grown woman . 
 but with the memory of the man on the bed 's hands so fresh the truth was clear : it was just soft unhealthy flesh . 
 lazy and un-maintained . 
 the reflection smiled coyly at me despite the negativity coursing through my brain . 
 with horror , the realisation finally dawned on me that muttonbird knew i was here . 
 she knew ! 
 a tiny girlish wave at myself in the mirror -- she was waving to me ! 
 then with one blue nailed finger i poked myself in the eye . 
 pain erupted fresh and new . 
 both eyes immediately puffed shut , the injured and its sympathetic partner . 
 tears burst out freely but muttonbird was not finished yet . 
 i slapped myself , a loose wristed blow but enough to bring an outraged glow to my cheek . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 a muzzy voice intruded . 
 the man on the bed was propping himself up on both palms , the doona falling away from his chest , no mr universe himself . 
 he was likely the best muttonbird could get . 
 ` do n't do ... ' i blinked , my eyes watering ; it had all stopped . 
 fenrir had taken muttonbird 's journal out of my hands . 
 my slapped face , my own fine features hurt like pounded meat . 
 the poked eye was already shut and felt twice its normal size . 
 ` crap ! ' 
 what was going on ? 
 it was just writing for crap 's sake ; words could not come alive and bite ! 
 and even , just to entertain the idea , if muttonbird were still alive in there somewhere , the pages i had been reading had been written a long time ago , they were somewhere near the start of the badly used journal . 
 long before i had encountered the girl in her tent on my land . 
 she could not have known i was watching ! 
 i had to go back downstairs and see muttonbird for myself . 
 the girl 's body was a closed door , revealing no clues . 
 muttonbird lay as she always had , awkwardly , and the stink of the bitch 's leavings hung about her . 
 i remembered the way in which judgement had come thick and fast as muttonbird studied her naked body in the mirror . 
 condemnation was the order of the day . 
 just a coincidence that she happened to be right . 
 ` oh , too bad . 
 thought you were a bit on the chumpy side , did you ? ' 
 well she did look to be carrying in excess , although not to the gross extent that her journal implied . 
 ` poor lamb . 
 well , since your diary is so eager for the two of us to get together , let 's see if we ca n't workshop this little issue of yours . ' 
 my orange handled kitchen scissors were in an upstairs drawer , easy to fetch . 
 ` now , if you 'll excuse my boldness ... ' i began cutting muttonbird 's remaining clothes away . 
 they were stiff and cold . 
 her spectacular nosebleed had become a delicate frozen web in the fibres and each time the blades closed they made a ssnick-crunch sound . 
 it became a catchy rhythm as i worked : open , close ; ssnick-crunch , ssnick-crunch , ssnick-crunch . 
 my breath flowered around us in the cold room 's air . 
 muttonbird 's exposed flesh , already pale before the blood fled , was like watery milk . 
 the freckles against such a white background reminded me of vanilla choc-chip ice cream , and were about the same temperature . 
 the girl 's smallish breasts had slipped to the sides and frozen there -- no implants then . 
 they looked far less an integral part of her body than sylvia 's golden glands , more like a last minute tack-on . 
 of course , to compare sylvia to muttonbird was a bit like lining up a lioness and a goat , but i could not resist . 
 how strange that two creatures built to basically the same blueprint should turn out so dramatically different . 
 i leaned back to view the whole product . 
 muttonbird was right : she did carry a bit of padding on her bones there . 
 not enough to be called truly fat , but if her flesh were not frozen hard it would be extremely soft and wobbly . 
 ` never fear , muttonbird ! ' 
 i proclaimed , striking a hero 's stance . 
 ` simon is here . ' 
 although to be entirely truthful , my `` helping '' had less to do with altruism and more with my need to do something to muttonbird . 
 i needed to manipulate her , change her , assure myself that she was becoming part of my world rather than me entering into hers . 
 but of course she did not need to know that . 
 i do n't suppose i will ever make a surgeon , the way all mums dream for their sons to be . 
 especially not while operating using a knife and a vegetable peeler . 
 with broad strokes of the peeler i sculpted muttonbird 's body by carving out what was not needed , paying particular attention to those areas that she herself had considered an issue . 
 the shaved-down result ended up , of course , a lot more prepubescent . 
 i was disappointed that i could not bring sylvia 's generous proportions to the girl , but these things can not be helped . 
 the strips of skin went back on over the top with craft glue . 
 and now for the clever part . 
 a surgeon i may not manage , but i had been rather nifty at art while in school . 
 the leftover tubes of half dried gouache filched from the art room i now put to a more practical use and painted over the lot with a new skin tone , as bronzed as my own . 
 there . 
 once finished with the body i draped a beach sheet over it -- not out of modesty , which we were far beyond ; it merely covered all of the jagged edges that were left . 
 they resembled a criss-crossing series of giant waterlogged paper cuts , and did not take the paint very well . 
 now muttonbird looked like the sort of girl i could leave my mum alone with during the week . 
 i even used some left over skin from her thigh to repair the acne damage to her cheeks . 
 it was a patch job , but nevertheless the closest to a peaches and cream complexion this girl would ever get . 
 muttonbird 's face retained its sour expression throughout , but i no longer found it so threatening . 
 head to one side i regarded her seriously for a few seconds before coming to a decision . 
 ` oh why not . ' 
 mum 's makeup was still in her chunky floral toiletry bag . 
 i had brought it all down into the cold room in case she wanted to freshen up , and now it would come in nicely useful . 
 i painted muttonbird in the manner that mum had always told me ladies should look . 
 lips a careful prim red . 
 both eyes modestly delineated in thin trails of black . 
 the eyeliner would only show when the eyes were downcast . 
 a faint blush dusted high on her cheeks made the face seem narrower . 
 it was not easy : until the glue finished setting her new face insisted on rucking up like uncooked chicken skin , but eventually i got it right . 
 muttonbird 's makeup was now a perfect mirror of mum 's . 
 ` how do you feel about yourself now , girlie ? ' 
 wonderful , ecstatic , transcendent . 
 the fulsome joy would come flooding out if she could speak . 
 i 'm a fairytale princess in a fabulous dream . 
 but of course , i would not let her speak , not a squeak . 
 she was my creature now . 
 also , muttonbird could not answer because she was dead . 
 there was always that . 
 i felt very tired ; vindicated , but tired . 
 the swelling in my eye had largely gone down . 
 all i wanted now was to wind down with a smoke , and then crash into bed . 
 dozily i wandered onto the porch to burn my cigarette down in the sunshine . 
 for some reason it seemed to taste foul , dirty , but i persevered . 
 it had been years since i relaxed without my faithful friend nicotine and i was not about to strike out on my own today . 
 still . 
 if cigarettes even had a use-by date , i would say that this one had gone royally stale . 
 heat sweltered in the air . 
 as i walked and smoked , i inwardly made a note to run the butt under the tap when finished . 
 in these conditions a fire would not just start , it would rampage . 
 i was moving leisurely , not really concentrating on anything , and had made it only a few steps off the porch when something small and fast came falling through the air . 
 coming from the trees it sliced along a projected arc that terminated directly at my head . 
 an attacking magpie . 
 one of the many that nested and carolled around the house . 
 certainly a species with a reputation but none had dared strike at me here before , safe in my own home . 
 it was moving so fast that i could only see where it had been . 
 outraged and terrified in the same instant , i had no time to react . 
 a flash in my periphery alerted me to another moving object . 
 transfixed by the bird i could not turn my head but something bigger was coming from behind me . 
 something far bigger , grey in the early noon light and somehow moving even faster than the falling bird . 
 my muscles were tight in the precursor of a too-slow reaction but my mind raced ahead of time , calculating trajectory before it happened . 
 only three things moved in the entire universe . 
 the black and white blur of the attacker , the grey blur , and the long unhurried ribbons of cigarette smoke . 
 they came together all at once . 
 milliseconds before the magpie would have crashed into my face fenrir plunged through the smoke and intercepted it . 
 the beast 's jaws crunched into the bird 's frail bones and his hot spittle sprayed across my face . 
 i blinked the gluey saliva from my eyes and raised a wondering hand to wipe it away . 
 my fingers did not shake , i noted , although they probably should have . 
 time , that had seemed to freeze with me in my surprise , was broken with the magpie 's spine and fell back into its ordinary limping pace . 
 my heart finally had a chance to skip . 
 i had felt the rush of air preceding the bird against my cheek . 
 fenrir casually dropped the shrieking , spasming ball of feathers into the dry grass and grinned at me . 
 the thirsty earth sucked at the bird . 
 in greedy seconds its cries had ceased , and then it became dry bone , then ash . 
 fenrir 's grinning jowls were damp and red . 
 i transferred my shock and confusion to the dog ; how had he gotten so damn big ? 
 an adolescent animal with a proud wagging tail faced me now . 
 he was already bigger than the bitch , and far deeper in the chest . 
 what i least needed right now was an unwelcome distraction . 
 ` last one out 's a rotten egg ! ' 
 a woman 's high voice called teasingly from somewhere out beyond the fence line , and rang in the trees . 
 as though heralded by it , a cold flush spilled into the air and seized up the day , silencing the world 's cogs with ice . 
 summer 's busy rustling and the welling of sunlight through the scrub came to a halt . 
 the long leaves overhead were stilled on their knotting branches , caught as the breeze had tossed them with the stationary light quickening their colour . 
 once again only three things moved : myself this time , fenrir , and the smoke of the hideous tasting cigarette . 
 the big grey dog was as utterly unconcerned by the cold flush as by the mysterious intruding voice . 
 he lowered his head to lick at a long feather , its colour crisply sectioned from tip to base in black , white and red . 
 unlike fenrir , i was far from calm . 
 i quickly transmuted my fright into anger , useful anger . 
 unlike fear , anger could be employed . 
 exploration turned up no woman to explain the voice , but the fence yielded a red envelope spiked onto its strands . 
 in lack of a post box i suppose it was the next best thing . 
 i nipped it off . 
 the format was embarrassingly familiar . 
 sylvia had taken the trouble to set the letter out to resemble an email , which it obviously was not . 
 life imitating technology imitating stalking . 
 do n't try to fool yourself that morning on the beach you looked at me the way that i look at you . 
 ` stay the hell away from my home ! ' 
 i yelled , although it was doubtful sylvia lingered in earshot . 
 ` do you hear me ? 
 keep ! 
 the hell ! 
 away ! ' 
 no sign of her , although that did not mean much . 
 another frustrated drag on the cigarette had me choking and reeling -- crap , that was disgusting . ' 
 i like smoking , you whore , ' i muttered , spinning on my heel to dash back inside . 
 muttonbird was still there on the table , solid and real . 
 ` do you hear me ? 
 i like smoking ! ' 
 after a futile attempt to smooth her tangled greasy hair i made a mental note to buy a hair straightener . 
 hell . 
 perhaps i ought to cut all of her hair right off . 
 cheered by the thought i placed my almost done cigarette between muttonbird 's parted lips . 
 their shape was funny like that . 
 they never met properly in the middle , never sealed her mouth shut . 
 her lips were waiting by nature to accept something between them . 
 whore indeed ! 
 ` go ahead , take a drag . 
 you 'll never know until you try . 
 no ? 
 are you sure ? 
 ah well , suit yourself . ' 
 i flicked it away , then frowned . 
 had her hands been like that when i left her ? 
 ` mum , have you moved this girl ? ' 
 i thought about that for a second . 
 ` no , sorry . 
 of course you have n't . ' 
 the very idea was ridiculous . 
 muttonbird 's flesh was hard and cold , it could not have been shifted from position by any force . 
 slumped happily before the television i lit another cigarette , warmed by my minor defiance . 
 but before it had burned one third of the way down i stopped and looked at it curiously . 
 ` oh hell . ' 
 i crushed it out . ' 
 i was planning on quitting anyhow . ' 
 the couch was sinfully comfortable . 
 oh so good ; no sense in troubling myself with going to bed . 
 for a while i closed my eyes and just drifted , sipping easily at the surface of sleep without bothering to gulp . 
 what a busy day . 
 just to sit and do nothing was so amazingly peaceful , although once or twice i was faintly troubled by what sounded like howling coming from far away . 
 some animal somewhere was being tormented . 
 pity twitched vaguely in my dozing mind , although i was far too comfortable to actually do anything about it . 
 i might never do anything again . 
 so why , when i opened my eyes , did i have muttonbird 's journal tucked neatly beneath one lax palm ? 
 i abruptly shot all the way awake . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 as well as squeezed fingerprints , the cover now bore the imprint of fenrir 's teeth . 
 he had not been too gentle when taking the book from my hands earlier ; or perhaps he could not be . 
 there seemed far too many sharp teeth in that dog 's grinning mouth for one animal to command . 
 apprehensively i cracked the pages just a little , ready to slam them shut at the first sign of , well ... anything . 
 it was perhaps because of my caution that i remained fully myself , comatose on the couch . 
 gingerly , i then brought my eye to focus on the rounded , almost childish handwriting . 
 i have discovered a new species ... ' i have discovered a new species . ' 
 a voice that i had never heard do anything but struggle and scream . 
 the girl , muttonbird , paced out from behind me with slow definite movements . 
 it did not seem at all important to her that the couch was set flush to the wall ; space sagged when she approached the barrier and allowed her through . 
 without seeming to see her surroundings muttonbird circled the couch and myself , reciting . 
 a dream , it was a dream , it was a dream . 
 it had to be . 
 the rags of skin improperly taped down fluttered as she moved . 
 with the girl on her feet i could see the asymmetry of my surgery , not exactly a one hundred percent success . 
 she enunciated each word very deliberately and might be lecturing or dictating for some unknown device . 
 perhaps drafting an article for a scientific magazine . 
 muttonbird stared through the ceiling as she paced but i stared at her , fascinated . 
 i had never heard her speak before , not really . 
 despite a faint liquid lisp her voice owned all the authority that her face was lacking . 
 in speaking , muttonbird was forceful and assured . 
 ` the creatures can be observed in their natural habitat : on trains , and other forms of public transport . 
 that is where they exist in symbiosis with humanity itself . 
 to accomplish this , they employ a unique camouflage so advanced that it will whip the zoological world into an utter frenzy . 
 in fact , those viewing the animal remain wholly unaware that they are regarding a living thing at all . 
 ` gross anatomy . 
 the body comprises multiple regular leafy extrusions , rectangular and flat , from a thin central stem . 
 but now comes the incredible part . ' 
 muttonbird clasped both hands behind her tailbone and there was that dark blue nail polish i had been unable to remove . 
 my own hands , resting on the journal , sweated . 
 ` these extrusions bear distinctive black and white markings , sometimes brighter and more glossy when the animal is in season . 
 and the patterning without a doubt takes the shape of words ! 
 this can not be accidental ! 
 not only words at random , but sentences , concepts . 
 and without realising , people all over the world pick them up to read . 
 all over the world we are carelessly absorbing the stylings of these non-human creatures ! ' 
 her voice shook with passionate conviction . 
 ` what can their agenda be ? 
 society itself is being insidiously influenced , nay , run by the opinions of these creatures that can have no more in sympathy with mankind than the common leech ! ' 
 muttonbird stopped and for the first time stared directly at me , sending a cold thrill down my neck . 
 i had gone from safe observer to participant . 
 my lower intestine seemed to loosen until i was afraid that it might let go , but i could not look away from her eyes . 
 ` they are manipulating us . 
 they govern what we know , and therefore what we think , say and do . 
 they tell us who we are . ' 
 ` newspapers , ' i answered her . 
 fear crunched in my voice like broken glass but other people are generally far less observant than you expect them to be . 
 i might have sounded flippant enough to get by . 
 ` newspapers . 
 very amusing . ' 
 muttonbird 's mouth continued to move but the soundtrack had been removed . 
 divest of communication , she began to fade away . 
 ` no ! ' 
 i lunged at her , and for a second my hands tingled as instead of grasping her they passed through air as thick as gelatine . 
 then she was gone . 
 i shuddered and wiped my palms on my leg . 
 they still felt oddly slimy . 
 ` newspapers , ' i repeated thoughtfully . 
 what on earth was that about ? 
 the newsagency in town , i discovered , was miraculously still trading , even with so many other small retailers succumbing to economic reality . 
 but now that i had the urge to read a newspaper i found the selection too bewildering , a banquet for a starving man . 
 whose version of events did i want to choke down today ? 
 or better yet , perhaps i should ask which demographic would i engage if i wanted to control the world using media ? 
 business through broadsheet ? 
 full colour , for popularity amongst the unwashed masses ? 
 or perhaps quasi-intellectualism by way of times new roman , the group best equipped and yet least likely to see through the attempt . 
 certainly not the local rag , the jolly fat assed postman or whatever it was called . 
 i doubted the fascinating and heart rending quest for the tidiest schoolyard could rally the power to move nations . 
 that left me with three most likely candidates . 
 there was the support national everything option for forty-five cents ; unremitting sensationalism for a dollar ; or self righteous political ranting went for a buck fifty-five . 
 plus goods and services tax of course , just in case any small business had ten cents left to rub together at the end of the day . 
 muttonbird was clearly insane . 
 giving up in disgust i flipped through a high gloss magazine instead . 
 at least they were under no pretence of nothing but the truth -- truthfully , they just wanted to sell magazines . 
 page one : international celebrities . 
 page two : local `` celebrities '' . 
 page three covered international disasters and what the celebrities thought of it all . 
 then for pagers four to thirty-odd , simply rinse and repeat . 
 still , i could loosely claim the day was going well , until a delicate touch lit on my shoulder . 
 ` simon ! 
 how charming to see you here . ' 
 sylvia managed to sound just like an edwardian court reject : so frilly and breathy and charmed . 
 at least today she was not naked . 
 a pale lemon sleeveless summer dress floated languidly about her body , settling softly against a curve every now and again before drifting away . 
 too late i realised that i was staring , like some hormonal kid just discovering the difference between boy bits and girl bits . 
 i was also caught out in the open with no good excuse to retreat . 
 sylvia , smugly aware , took my hand . ' 
 i think you should come with me . ' 
 i did nothing to assist , and the clasp became an ungracious drag . 
 ` where to ? ' 
 i demanded as i was towed along . 
 the old geezer manning the counter did not even register the unpaid magazine in my fist . 
 as we exited i thought i saw a fly , a big iridescent blue and green blow fly , alight on his wrinkled brow without eliciting a twitch . 
 it sucked greedily at his eyeball . 
 was everybody dead these days ? 
 not sylvia , apparently . 
 out of the store 's sheltering air conditioning i suddenly noticed how hot the day had become . 
 strangely though , the temperature spike radiated not from the atmosphere , but up my arm from the contact with sylvia 's bare skin . 
 so long as we were touching she seemed to be able to exert some malign influence . 
 although i tugged , i was unable to reclaim my hand and the warm glow spread . 
 poppycock . 
 this was all some figment of my overtired imagination . 
 it was ridiculous to imagine a simple creature like sylvia could exhibit any special powers . 
 after glancing about uncertainly she headed for a nearby picnic bench . 
 how rustically romantic . 
 i hung back . 
 ` so what do you want ? ' 
 ` just stand still . ' 
 sylvia finally dropped my hand . ' 
 i just want to look at you , simon . 
 nothing more terrible than that . ' 
 and look she did . 
 sitting on the old wooden bench with her chin rested in one hand like an art critic , while i stood bemused before her scrutiny . 
 i had been looked at plenty of times , all my life in fact ; but rarely had it been on such direct and intimate terms . 
 never so much of a one on one setting . 
 she studied me so intently that behind my glasses my poked eye began to throb guiltily . 
 from less than a meter away i could look back into sylvia 's face and see exactly how she perceived me ; each nuance of expression reflecting something of myself . 
 as if by her will i began putting together piece by piece what was going on in her mind . 
 what sylvia saw when looking at me was the same image of the cold room that i used during my -lrb- ahem -rrb- `` lovemaking '' with celia ! 
 a few minor details were out of course , as sylvia had never actually been in the cold room . 
 she had never seen me naked either , but triviality aside we nonetheless clearly shared a fantasy . 
 only , in sylvia 's imaginings it was her hands that touched me in the sacred air of the cold room , rather than pure caressing vapour . 
 sylvia 's sun browned hands with their short fleshy fingernails . 
 ` simon , ' the vision behind her avid eyes whispered . ' 
 i ... ' i began but stopped , alarmed at a pained pressure in my chest . 
 and when i had that under control i found that really i had nothing to say . 
 the world around me had become unreal . 
 it was in sylvia 's fantasy that i resided now . 
 suffering from no such restriction sylvia put her fingers to my cheek to solemnly feel the cut of my jaw . 
 bristles had never grown and she seemed intrigued by the softness , fingers re-tracing back and forth . 
 men half my age cut their beards back every morning . 
 ` i 've been looking for you since the day i was born , ' she breathed , testing the texture of my hair . ' 
 i was looking for something , and now i finally see what it is . 
 it 's in your face . 
 in your ... ' when her fingers slipped below my collar i shook myself awake and pushed her hand away . 
 ` shall i come home with you ? ' 
 she asked , undaunted . 
 ` do n't , ' i managed . 
 even to speak i had to wade through the thick air . 
 ` do n't follow me . ' 
 rather than meeting her inquiring stare i looked over her shoulder , and from here could see the sea down through the trees . 
 touched by sunlight it was in one of its more playful moods . 
 sylvia 's eyes glittered at me with the same sparkling green , and their look took the marrow out of my bones . 
 what had she done , infected me with something ? 
 i felt sick , and weak . 
 i stumbled back from her on rubbery legs . 
 ` do n't follow me ! ' 
 compliantly , sylvia sat watching my departure with those changeable sea eyes . 
 just watching . 
 it were as though she could afford to wait . 
 as though she confidently knew something i did not . 
 which seemed unlikely . 
 i barely made it back home , but even there i did not feel safe . 
 sylvia already knew where i lived . 
 i traversed the house locking doors and windows , despite the need of a breeze to freshen the air , and the enclosed space immediately became hellish . 
 everywhere but in the cold room , of course , but in my current state of mind i did not feel quite game enough to go down and square off against muttonbird . 
 avoid one horror only to run right into the arms of the next . 
 when i called the dogs to dinner i found the bitch was pregnant again , as full as the moon . 
 fenrir bounced around my feet looking all too proud of himself . 
 ` what the hell is wrong with you ! ' 
 fenrir 's sensitive nostrils flared at the yelling and he looked up contemptuously with his very human eyes . 
 i pressed on anyhow , refusing to be intimidated by this ghost coloured devil . 
 ` she 's your mother for crapsake ! 
 you do n't do that with your mother , you do n't even ever think about it ! 
 stupid , gross , revolting beast . . ! ' 
 goaded by the dog 's mocking face i raised my fist to strike him . 
 it was only because i was already looking that i saw fenrir leave the ground this time . 
 from a casual sit , the muscles sprang free like cut elastic . 
 his front paws , one snowy white , came reaching out for my shoulders with their long blunt nails . 
 once again i had absolutely no time to move , only to observe and think . 
 time only to rue . 
 i saw that his toenails were midnight black , except on that blighted paw which were all pink . 
 the hound hit me with all the force of a very large and aggravated carnivore . 
 my tailbone rapped the floor and shouted outrage up my spine , but i was not overly inclined to heed at that exact moment , as i was staring directly into the far far back of fenrir 's throat . 
 impossible , my brain insisted . 
 this could not be happening . 
 it was impossible for him to open his mouth wide enough to fit my entire head inside . 
 fenrir 's plaque lacquered canines pressed hotly to either side of my ears . 
 impossible . 
 his long tongue , purple like his mother 's , lolled over my lips in an obscene kiss . 
 growling wet tonsils vibrated against my forehead . 
 we both kept very still . 
 fenrir 's mass and the threat of his teeth kept me down , and he held me there so that i could be absolutely crystal clear on our relative positions . 
 fighting to breathe , i inhaled the peculiar stinking whuff-whuff of dog breath , and struggled to keep the panic of where i was from spawning frantic , disastrous action . 
 but i was wedged face first into an impossible , toothy cavern . 
 scars ! 
 no , no , no ! 
 with a final huff fenrir released me , and backed off to sit comfortably again as though nothing had happened . 
 i , unable to stop myself , screamed . 
 fenrir laid back his ears and the bitch whined anxiously but i could not stop screaming . 
 the dog 's closed mouth revealed the truth : impossible , it was far too small . 
 there was no way my head had gone in there . 
 ` oh crap , oh crap ... ' fingers to my face i discovered i was whimpering , ` ... oh crap , oh crap ... ' barely under control , too afraid to know , those brave fingers nonetheless moved from my mouth and blindly explored my face , my skull , until i sagged with relief . 
 unmarked . 
 he did not cut me . 
 my voice tapered off pathetically until , breathing hard , i began to feel that i might have a grip again . 
 scooting backward i felt a wall against my spine , and used it to get to my feet . 
 never once taking my eyes off fenrir . 
 the bitch belatedly tried to support me , showing timid teeth to her son , but it was all too late . 
 i knew it . 
 although no struggle had erupted , nor even a single pebble shifted on a mountainside , the balance of power had changed . 
 mastery went from man to monster in only a few moments . 
 there was dog slime across my face , viscous as snail leavings . 
 it generously matted my hair into damp darkened spikes . 
 in scraping the worst off with a sleeve i lingered on the cheek that sylvia had touched . 
 she had envisaged me in the cold room ; but what did that mean ? 
 i had always assumed that the cold room had only made minor changes , had minor effects ; but in light of sylvia and looking at fenrir 's black hole of a mouth i reconsidered . 
 not to mention the bitch . 
 her belly forced unnaturally out by a speedy and out of season pregnancy . 
 straining with stretchmarks , bulging at the kicks . 
 what had the cold room done to her , that her stumpy tail and tragic eyes could not tell ? 
 and these were just a woman and a pair of animals -- what might the cold room have done to me ? 
 mum . 
 the thought comforted me like none other could . 
 mum was down there . 
 she would never let anything bad happen to me . 
 i desperately craved a cigarette to settle my nerves , but the memory of their bad taste steered me away from the fridge again . 
 they tasted awful , and that was muttonbird 's fault . 
 i ground my teeth . 
 no ! 
 i was not about to let anybody control my life ! 
 muttonbird was dead , dead , dead ! 
 storming back to the fridge i grabbed my deck . 
 one cigarette broke apart in my angry fingers . 
 i was exaggeratedly careful with the next . 
 the flame jittered as i lit up -- hold still , damn you ! 
 the first drag was like fire . 
 ` shit ! ' 
 i spat the thing out , and was wrenched right over in a fit of coughing . 
 to my feverish burning ears it sounded more like sick laughter and fenrir , monstrous looming dog , laughed along too . 
 i snarled , threw my cigarette in his face and ran . 
 the bitch scurried at my heels , frantic not to be left behind and without looking back the two of us bolted into the bathroom ; the only room other than that downstairs with a lock . 
 fenrir might be above and beyond the canine norm , but the bastard was not about to sprout opposable thumbs . 
 score one for the primates . 
 once the bathroom door stood safely secured the bitch let out a sort of sigh . 
 she flopped onto the tiles , and then groaned and rolled onto her side , panting . 
 when i put a hand on her huge belly the skin felt hot and tight . 
 some secret furnace raged inside . 
 i lingered there for a moment , petting her , and was puzzled to identify a gentle new feeling . 
 pleasure . 
 i felt pleasure ; i was grateful to have somebody with me , even if it was this ugly fat dog . 
 the poor bitch . 
 judging by her size and the pummelling kicks from within she did not have long to go , and how many of these pups would live ? 
 wiping my eyes , the wetness caught me by surprise . 
 i had not recognised the upset building . 
 so when the fullness of piercing sorrow came , it swept me under . 
 ` oh . ' 
 i scrubbed the back of a hand across my eyes . 
 i was pretty sure that it was not really about the bitch at all . 
 things had always been like this . 
 i had felt this way my entire life . 
 an emotion ever-present , but hiding sneakily away , waiting for me to discover it . 
 i was alone . 
 there was nobody like me anywhere in the entire world . 
 i was so incredibly , bitterly lonely . 
 ` i 'm sorry girl . ' 
 i fingered the bitch 's ears , silky points , and she grunted and leaned into my touch . 
 her tired eyes closed . 
 ` i 'm sorry i kept you in there for so long . 
 a day or two of the cold room would 've put you in your place , and that 's all i wanted to do , to show you who 's boss . ' 
 who is master , who is better . 
 ` i wanted to show you that things have to go my way . ' 
 she seemed to understand -- at least enough to realise how i was not to blame . 
 the bitch leaned heavily into my hands as though that great head of hers was too much , trusting me to hold her . 
 to keep her safe . 
 to stop fenrir doing bad things to her ever again . 
 ` i 'll take care of you , girl . 
 i will . ' 
 as i stripped off to shower i tucked my discarded clothes around the dozing dog , surrounding her safe and warm with my scent . 
 water began to hiss . 
 if the cold room was the natural jewel of the house then this bathroom was the crown , my own shining achievement . 
 i drew up the requirements for its construction myself . 
 the entire room was essentially one giant , open shower . 
 the water , hot now , never ran far before draining and giving up its steam to the air while at the same time cool vents prevented any of the room 's mirrors fogging over . 
 the glass remained clear as a bell . 
 so very many mirrors . 
 even by my taste the bathroom had a funhouse extravagance . 
 mirrors floor to ceiling , exquisitely placed to allow me to observe myself performing the ritual of water from any and every conceivable angle . 
 i had created a sacred place . 
 a place of comfort where moisture met skin . 
 water forgave ; it held without confining , cleansed without judgment . 
 water was gentle . 
 it was like being loved . 
 wrapped in the spray i approached a mirror , and dreamily touched fingertip to fingertip through the smooth silvered pane . 
 tiny auras frosted out around the connection . 
 ` me , ' i whispered , quietly so as not to wake the bitch . 
 then i touched my lips to the surface . 
 ` look , ' i breathed to my reflection , confiding where nobody else could understand . 
 ` it 's better than a real kiss . 
 it stays . ' 
 indeed i told the truth : the mark remained moist on the glass . 
 ` and look . 
 it can be anywhere i want it to be . ' 
 i moved easily , silent oiled joints changing my reflection 's position beneath the kiss . 
 the bitch grunted and rolled in her sleep . 
 as i posed , the gentle kiss on glass glanced over my stomach . 
 it brushed shyly down the thin trail of fuzz leading down from my naval . 
 but then it veered horribly off course , it slid lower and became centred about my one terrible flaw . 
 pinned me like a bug in a case so that i was caught and held , struggling helplessly to break free . 
 there it was , the little pink scar in all of its awful glory . 
 framed and singled out so that it may as well be meters wide . 
 the contrast to the beautiful purity around it was sicking , a spot of rot on a glossy fruit before adam 's teeth bit in , and as i turned to the other mirrors it was suddenly all around me . 
 pink scar tissue multiplied by reflection and refraction into hideous spreading colonies . 
 bunched and puckered as though i suffered tissue paper frail skin . 
 to merely regard it made me nauseous . 
 no . 
 worse than nauseous . 
 virulently ill . 
 and at the thought of having to touch that patch of malignancy , even just to bathe it ... i clutched myself , whimpering , but could not prevent the swelling that reversed up my throat . 
 i turned out of the water 's spray , bending like a bow to keep my gut 's emission away . 
 bile burned from my mouth and nose to spatter wetly into the bathmat 's soggy fibres . 
 i gagged on the taste and was bizarrely glad i had never carpeted my house as celia did her office . 
 vomit would be impossible to scrape out of shagpile . 
 however the thought of celia did not help my poor stomach at all , and as i turned to rinse my mouth the second wave began . 
 i desperately did not want to be sick anymore , but i could not help but continue , even when my knees gave way and dropped me painfully to the tile . 
 sweat broke out all over . 
 my skin radiated , shockingly hot . 
 by the time i finished it felt as though all of my lower plumbing had been stripped away . 
 one shaking hand managed to reach up weakly and twist off the hot tap . 
 a sheet of freezing needles enveloped me . 
 naked and empty , i draped a wash cloth over the offending blemish and bowed my exhausted head under the heavy rain . 
 bitter cold plinked off my skull , and slicked my fringe down over my face . 
 the heat in my skin gradually receded . 
 lumpy organic matter , all expelled and rejected and no longer a part of me , swirled its way down the drain in lazy cyclonic clouds . 
 i flinched pathetically at a touch on my hand . 
 it was only the bitch sympathetically pushing her dribbly cold nose into my palm . 
 when i did not push her away she edged in next to me and quivered her tail sadly . 
 the cold water ruffled her fur into doggy stinking spikes . 
 dirt and leaves , washed from her coat , spread around the two of us in a muddy pool . 
 petting the bitch , i noted her musty smell coming off on my hands but found that i did not really mind . 
 only skin seven concrete fantasies for the first time i found myself both a stranger and intruder in my own home . 
 instead of being a god i now skulked through its rooms like a nervous ghost . 
 i jumped at every noise , checked doorways before i passed . 
 there was a new alpha male in residence . 
 fenrir 's scent lingered everywhere in shed hair and urine . 
 although he had saved my face from the magpie , i knew he could just as casually ruin it himself with a snap of those oversized jaws on the premise of being irritable , hungry , or just plain bored . 
 still , i was unwilling to relinquish my house entire . 
 whenever fenrir went out i rebelliously set to scrubbing each scent marked corner and chair with a rag that stank all the more of cleaning chemicals . 
 it was not until later that i remembered how the same cloth had ended muttonbird 's life in a fountain of nose blood . 
 now the house was filled with the ugly girl 's last expiring breath , ingrained into the walls and furnishings . 
 at least i was not alone in my dispossessed wandering . 
 the bitch trailed me everywhere with a simple , almost idiot faith . 
 wherever i looked , her sad worshipful eyes followed . 
 whenever i put my hand down i found her blunt skull under it . 
 after a few rounds of irritated shoving -lrb- at which she would return adoringly ; i love you , i love you -rrb- i learned to take a strange pleasure in her company . 
 it was a novelty to actually want somebody nearby and , ugly as she was , at least i garnered an ally against her son . 
 as for the son himself , fenrir 's rapid development failed to take him into decline as i had desperately hoped . 
 instead he rode the wave up to its crest and hung suspended there , in his prime , a magnificent beast to behold . 
 although i was no longer feeding him he throve independently on what my land could provide ; some beastie 's despairing shriek often woke me sweating in the night . 
 come morning the heads of such prey were left on the porch in mocking tribute , and i had to put on shoes in order to kick them away into the grass . 
 distasteful soccer balls rolling and flapping and bouncing . 
 a dash of fear flavoured my pity for the critters as i watched them go . 
 the poor little bird 's bright eye ; the rabbit 's denuded , earless head ; even the kangaroo 's idiot face smacked of my own mortality . 
 should fenrir get me then who would come to kick my head into the weeds , mouth and eyes staring wide ? 
 hell . 
 listening to my own thoughts , i resolved to stay away from muttonbird 's journal for good -- it was making me morbid . 
 something strange was happening and although i did not quite understand , surely nothing good would come of that awful girl being stirred up any more . 
 she was restless . 
 i could almost feel her watching me everywhere i went . 
 omnipotence was not such a bad accomplishment for a dead girl . 
 however , as religiously as i avoided her words i found myself examining muttonbird 's dead shell at every opportunity . 
 searching for something , anything out of the ordinary . 
 those simultaneously pinched and flabby features , if not tolerable , became at least familiar . 
 my frustrated fingers found her flesh hard and cold and without clues . 
 what was it about her ? 
 how was she managing to do ... whatever it was she was doing ? 
 it was not until i found myself standing in the cold room in the dead middle of the night , exhausted but still stubbornly trying to comb her hair straight with my fingers , that i realised i might be taking this all just a teensie bit too far . 
 reasonable investigation was one thing , but come the end of the day what had i found ? 
 squat . 
 there was simply no revelation here , no deviation from the common herd at all . 
 muttonbird was simply a girl . 
 just a girl . 
 but when i walked into the lounge , on the lookout for fenrir as usual , my stomach seemed to drop into my leaden groin and i stopped . 
 stared . 
 then i took three or four steps back . 
 the perspective was necessary to take in the magnitude of what i was seeing . 
 streaks , lurid red lines screamed across the walls . 
 continuous over furniture or bookshelves where they encountered them , even across the face of the television . 
 blood ? 
 i touched a finger to one thick mark and it came away greasy . 
 nothing so melodramatic . 
 in fact , why was everybody 's first assumption `` blood '' when seeing red , as if that 's the most reasonable conclusion to jump to ? 
 the empty lipstick tube was rolled into a corner . 
 the last blots of prim red had been scooped out with a finger , and sticky prints covered the plastic . 
 i picked up mum 's lipstick . 
 from touching it my own hands were soon covered . 
 it was writing that circled the room , you really had to back away to read it . 
 words in the same great looping childish letters that filled muttonbird 's journal . 
 running as it did over so many obstacles the message took me a moment to decipher . 
 afraid of monsters , humanity swallowed their sins and became monstrous . 
 what did she mean , monsters ? 
 ` monstrous , ' muttonbird chuckled out of the empty air , making the hair thrill on the back of my neck . 
 ` swallow . 
 choke on it . ' 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 i yelled hoarsely . 
 the stress in my voice made the bitch snarl . 
 the dog 's distress steadied me and i put a soothing hand on her bristling ruff . 
 ` easy , girl . 
 if muttonbird wo n't come out and face us she 's not worth the fight . 
 she 's dead . 
 now , let 's go get you some chow . ' 
 i ruffled her fur . 
 ` do n't forget , you 're eating for ... well , several , now . ' 
 she looked up with stricken eyes as though she had understood what i said . 
 no more bagged dry food for the bitch . 
 not for my dog . 
 i cooked lavishly for the both of us , filling the beach house with the warm friendly smell of frying garlic and onion . 
 once the bolognaise was happily on the simmer , i had a go at cleaning the word infestation off the lounge room . 
 it had to be bloody lipstick , did n't it ? 
 -lrb- bloody -- ha ha -rrb- . 
 any effort to scrub the odious stuff only smeared it around . 
 the best i was accomplishing was to make the letters sort of blurred and sticky around the edges . 
 for a phenomenon that , mind you , might not even really be there , it was a right sod to clean off . 
 the television flickered beneath the looping line of an `` e '' . 
 ` eat your own ! ' 
 i spat disgustedly . 
 then muttonbird acted , and i had not even opened the journal ! 
 disembodied fingernails dug into my arms from behind , and with incredible strength she yanked me backwards . 
 my feet never left the ground but i felt the sensation of flying back , of falling as fast as i had in my dark bedroom with the walls racing away from me . 
 i cried out in fear ... ... and stopped . 
 i was no longer in the lounge room . 
 indeed , i was no longer in the house , and it was late . 
 very late into the night . 
 i stood in the front yard . 
 the world was deadly quiet . 
 when i looked up i blanched , for the moon was nothing more than a giant arcing streetlight that shed yellow tears of exhausted luminescence . 
 miniscule black dots like gnats darted about its face , but it was so far away i got the impression they were actually immense . 
 the size of planets , or constellations . 
 vast and distant gods . 
 ` what ? ' 
 my voice was like a door slammed in the silence . 
 besides , i did not really need to ask ; my path was set out for me , all the way back to the front door where i must have emerged . 
 the way was marked by twin lines of small decapitated animal heads mounted on poles . 
 their bright eyes glittered inanely in the wasted glow . 
 walking between their ranks i suppressed the urge to turn , sure that those i had passed were swivelling on their sticks to watch me blindly . 
 the old boards of the porch mumbled beneath my weight . 
 the house 's front door stood open in silent invitation -lrb- step into my parlour -rrb- . 
 there were no animal heads in here . 
 inside , my runway consisted of sticks , dried leaves , cicada husks , dirt . 
 fragments of the outside world scattered indoors like confetti . 
 i knelt to sift some of the underfoot debris through my fingers and it rattled dryly , the first real sound since my voice . 
 the hallway stank faintly of sour old urine . 
 as i passed the kitchen i saw the stove encased by an old encrusted lava flow of brown spaghetti sauce . 
 the flies embedded in it were dead , and long decayed away within their shells . 
 the trail , of course , led me to the stairs . 
 down , to the entrance to the cold room . 
 this was muttonbird 's show . 
 the cold room was where she would be lurking , like a squatting toad or a troll in a hole . 
 i paused , listening . 
 was any breath being drawn down there ? 
 i expected a premonition of evil , some oppression to make my blood run cold but this was merely an empty , long abandoned house . 
 my house , my quiet night time house , needing its hallway swept and the stove cleaned . 
 down i went . 
 the descent seemed to stretch forever . 
 there were too many steps , far too many . 
 kilometres of steps . 
 i began to lean against the wall , huffing for breath . 
 my calves twanged warningly and then began to stiffen into concrete . 
 just as i was wondering if i would arrive in hell -lrb- which would be a relief , if only to arrive somewhere -rrb- , i reached rock bottom . 
 i opened the door to the cold room , and it turned out i was correct . 
 this was the door to hell . 
 muttonbird stood waiting for me , blocking my entrance with her naked body and outstretched arms . 
 as i looked into her face , framed by kinked black hair , i felt my guts twist . 
 while her hands gestured me into an embrace those vague blue eyes snarled hatefully . 
 her lips pulled back from square teeth , vengeful fire in her aspect . 
 nevertheless i stepped forward into the cold room and into muttonbird 's reach . 
 the girl 's arms went gently around me . 
 her head nestled beneath my chin . 
 over her floof of hair i finally saw into the cold room beyond . 
 ` aaa . . ! ' 
 i could not immediately identify the strangled sound as my own . 
 some savage captive in my chest was being tortured , its cramped airless cries broke through my lips . 
 one shove sent muttonbird careening away , but no action of mine could repair the desecration . 
 the cold room 's other two inhabitants had been granted the decay long denied them . 
 mum . 
 having pulled through his restraints , wheelchair guy lay tumbled before mum 's chair like a primal sacrifice . 
 mum sagged in her seat above him but she was not mum anymore . 
 her visage was crumpled in and erased . 
 she had been made meat , nothing but rotten empty meat and gone from me forever . 
 in some places leaking flesh was indistinguishable from clothing . 
 muttonbird was back on her feet , thick lips shaping a spiteful laugh that i could not hear . 
 the girl scraped the matted drift of hair back from her face with one blue nailed hand and her throat fairly convulsed with hilarity . 
 her eyes locked on to mine and bore into them . 
 my pulse roared in my ears like a hot tide . 
 i trembled , ducked my head , feinted , but could not break the visual conduit . 
 without moving one millimetre i felt drawn toward her , stretched like a molten thread of glass . 
 small pieces of me were being sucked off into her like snacks which she tasted , savoured . 
 i wanted to faint , but that would mean falling toward her and being all slurped up . 
 it was happening anyhow . 
 panicking slowly in an underwater way i began to sink into a woolly blue haze . 
 muttonbird was slowly invading my body , much as i had inhabited hers by way of her journal . 
 blue eyes ? 
 there were no eyes . 
 i blinked ; my brain registered that i was not looking at a dead girl , but at the far wall . 
 muttonbird had vanished . 
 and that blank , blank nothing was where the door had been . 
 where did she go ? 
 was she in me ? 
 i ran my hands quickly across my body expecting to find her breasts , her fat , but all was normal . 
 my dick ? 
 oh thank heaven ; everything was still there . 
 except for the door . 
 no door , only walls . 
 i turned , and turned in faster dizzying circles seeking the exit , but there was none . 
 only walls . 
 a sealed brick box . 
 in it i was a spinning carousel , turning . 
 i was to be shut in with these sad corpses forever until their blight touched my beautiful body and i began to shrivel , too . 
 the crawling sensation in my skin could be the first pangs of it . 
 my chest hitched in to scream ... but , an alien thought sliced cleanly through my panic this is not exactly what you could call real . 
 which was correct . 
 as the cold room clarified , my intended scream became a startled yelp . 
 everything in the cold room was exactly as it should be . 
 even muttonbird lay in state , although after a quick glance to assure myself of the fact my eyes shied studiously away . 
 to risk more bizzarity might well send me into hysterics . 
 actually `` hysteria '' was being modest ; i was anticipating a no holds barred screaming tantrum that would likely last a very , very long time . 
 so did i sleepwalk down here , was that it ? 
 my body felt flushed and damp with sweat , aching in the joints the way it would following a doozy of a nightmare . 
 all except for where muttonbird had rested against me . 
 any flesh she had touched was pale , chill and dappled with gooseflesh . 
 the important thing , the only important thing was that mum was alright . 
 she had not left me . 
 i gently touched her cheek to be sure and imagined a baby stirring sleepily at such a light caress . 
 i sighed , fighting down a sudden surge of longing . 
 ` i had the most terrible dream , mum . 
 but i think ... i think i 've woken up now . ' 
 mum 's face was made up as it had always been , to conceal rather than emphasize emotion . 
 i had no idea what she was thinking , and she did not respond . 
 the bitch , curious and uneasy at being out of my sight for so long , had dared to slink halfway down the stairs before remembered terror of the cold room stopped her . 
 she whined unhappily , unable to climb or descend . 
 for all her adoration she could not offer me an answer , either . 
 my lips were trembling ridiculously . 
 i clamped down on them with all the force of my iron , inescapable will . 
 loneliness was pointless ; i had never needed anyone before , and had no reason to start now . 
 it was in the nature of perfection to be a self contained thing . 
 i had never felt colourless and empty , hollowed out and needing to be filled . 
 i had never felt tired and old and used up . 
 and i had especially never felt that the price of being above the rest of humanity might be too high . 
 never ! 
 i started talking to distract myself from such morbid reflection . 
 slowly at first , but the words soon quickened anxiously . 
 ` is n't this a good idea , mum ? 
 i was very clever to bring you here , you know , to find us a safe place where nobody else can get to you . 
 you know , we really ought to start spending some more time together . 
 like ... like a picnic . ' 
 my mind seized on the idea . 
 ` yeah , a picnic , just like we used to do when i was little . 
 i can get a flask , and some chips , and a picnic rug in that same plaid pattern , and ... and ... ' my voice escaped control and suddenly i was kneeling to lay my head in mum 's lap , stroking her dress . 
 ` please answer me . ' 
 the cold room 's floor burnt me through the fabric of my pants . 
 ` i want to hear you say something . 
 say anything ! 
 tell me what to do ; i do n't know what to do . 
 please tell me you still love me ? ' 
 the pathetic little plea fell on frozen solid eardrums that could not vibrate in sympathy to the sound . 
 mum could not hear me . 
 i pressed my face into her skirt so that it soaked up the excess moisture from my eyes . 
 imagined i could feel mum 's caressing hand in my hair . 
 pretended to hear her familiar voice . 
 and i found that fantasy was not nearly enough . 
 hot fluid squeezed beneath my eyelids . 
 ` please talk to me . ' 
 of course mum said nothing . 
 the bitch whined fretfully again on the stairs . 
 upstairs the pasta sauce was boiling over on the stove , vital and red and smelling of beef . 
 mechanically i dealt with it and fed the bitch , although my own appetite had well and truly gone . 
 the house mirrors gave me back a face faded almost grey from stress , the skin around my eyes drawn painfully . 
 a quick trip to mum 's makeup kit amended the faults . 
 i had to be careful in colouring a little more life back , oh so very careful because my fingers were seized by an insane urge to paint me up just like mum and muttonbird . 
 i resolutely stuck to the basics and then put the cosmetics away . 
 massaging my temples brought little relief . 
 i needed to get out of here ! 
 if that meant i would arrive early to work for a change then things just could n't be helped ; better timely than barking mad . 
 my bag , so recently unpacked -lrb- was it really that recently ? -rrb- 
 , came out to be stuffed again . 
 i threw in socks , shirts , underpants -- and almost put muttonbird 's journal in as well . 
 ` no . ' 
 i stared at my hand , acting entirely without consultation from upstairs , then clenched the traitorous appendage . 
 ` not a chance . 
 no way . ' 
 hot anger flushed away confusion . 
 ` no ! ' 
 i flung the journal across the room with all the hysterical force i had . 
 the cheap cover tore free mid-flight and in two pieces it hit the wall , crunched into the plaster as though into a wall of toothpaste , and lodged there . 
 outside , fenrir howled . 
 ` oh no . ' 
 filled with foreboding i threw the rest of my things into the bag and fairly ran from the room . 
 oh no oh no . 
 i had to get out as soon as possible . 
 fleeing , i was stopped by the bitch standing blocking the hall . 
 seeing her sent a shock of remorse down my craven spine . 
 the comfort of her following eyes over the past few days had become invaluable , the touch of her cold nose , indispensable . 
 but still my legs trembled to run away . 
 ` hey girl . ' 
 i hunkered down to hold out my hand and she came obediently . 
 but her eyes saw the bag and were accusing . 
 she blocked my way . 
 ` oh come on . 
 i 'd love to take you with me , but my flat is a shoebox ; and i ca n't take you to work . ' 
 the bitch 's quiet soul shone at me out of her moist eyes : cram me in a box , stuff me in a bag , i do n't care . 
 she did not understand ; she only knew that i was leaving her . 
 my guilt kept me babbling . 
 ` i know i said i 'd take care of you , and i am damn it . 
 i have to work to keep us in this house . 
 i ca n't be here for you every second of the day , no matter what i said ! ' 
 my tone was rising and i edged around her . 
 ` i mean look at you ! 
 i 've done the best i can , and that 's a lot to deal with right now . 
 you should be thanking me for what i 'm doing ! 
 it 's not like you even deserve to look at me that way anyhow , not after what you did with your own son ... ' the bitch 's tail and ears wilted . 
 the shine went out of her face . 
 ` oh hell i 'm sorry baby , i 'm sorry . ' 
 i got down on my knees , dropping my bag , and cradled her unresisting head . 
 ` i did n't mean that . 
 i know it 's not your fault sweetheart . 
 it 'll be ok , i promise , i wo n't be gone long . 
 and fenrir has n't come inside for a long time now , has he ? ' 
 she flinched at the sound of his name . 
 i was sorry , i really was ; but i was still nervous and itching to leave . 
 ` i bet he 'll stay out while i 'm gone , too . 
 no defenceless wildlife for him to munch inside . 
 look , i 've left you plenty of food . 
 you 'll be fine until i get back , and then we 'll be together again . ' 
 the bitch wagged her tail once , slowly , to please me . 
 i smiled , ruffling her ears . 
 ` that 's my girl . 
 how about we go walkies when i get back , hey ? 
 down to the beach ? 
 i can sic you on that sylvia woman ; that 'd be fun , wo n't it ? ' 
 because i had smiled when she did it , the bitch continued to wag her tail even as i walked out the door . 
 whatever fenrir thought regarding my departure he felt no need to share . 
 all the way as i walked to the fence the dog stayed nearby , but did not show himself . 
 he was no more than a crackling footfall . 
 sometimes ahead , sometimes behind , but always out of sight . 
 the hidden presence made the hair on my body stand on end and my shoulders hunched defensively lower ; expecting any moment the snarl , the leap , and the tearing of sharp canines . 
 despite these misgivings i made it safely to the train station . 
 i was , of course , not the only one to be boarding at this odd hour . 
 the suburban equivalent of greasy juvenile delinquents yawned and scratched themselves lethargically , but as was customary for anyone beyond such a useless age bracket i ignored them . 
 it was not difficult . 
 from past waits , i had heard all of their nattering stories before . 
 tales of joyrides in cars whose suspension would never be the same again , street signs stolen from construction sites and the nearby naval base , and somebody named cheryl whose breasts seemed to be something of a local legend . 
 as a general rule these kids were not dangerous , much as they tried to look it . 
 it was a long , long train ride . 
 the windows could only manage to be faint , tired mirrors today but nonetheless i rather unwillingly took my sunglasses off to study my face . 
 what on earth did muttonbird see there that she hated so much ? 
 there was nothing to hate : my features were a balm to the eye . 
 and yet she , so gawkishly ugly you would think she should be starving for beauty , refused to be soothed . 
 never mind that the girl 's washy blue eyes always went to my face ! 
 she never so much as glanced down at my body , shunning that glimpse of paradise , like a sinner turning their face from redemption . 
 she was unbelievable ! 
 at least my reflected image was still relaxing to me . 
 i watched myself watching myself , and by degrees stilled the storm inside . 
 became profoundly calm to match the outward semblance , in what was practically a form of self-hypnosis . 
 eventually my dreamy eyes cast free from their mooring and began to wander vaguely around the train carriage . 
 we were drawing into the city 's outskirts , made up of houses shy and nervous to take the plunge into apartment blocks ; reluctant to surrender their gardens , however tiny , for balconies and regulated parkland . 
 avenues of foreign european trees , pale green and vivacious . 
 nobody , no matter how patriotic , ever planted natives along the road ; too apt to drop their limbs and squash somebody . 
 we passed through . 
 the rubber seal on the train 's doors was not quite intact and i could smell the cool city streaming in . 
 the air was clean and sharp , it must have rained overnight and a few stray newspaper pages danced and fluttered about the carpet , skittering in the draft like living creatures . 
 intercom beeping , we slid into a station , and as the doors opened the outside world inhaled and sucked the atmosphere from the carriage . 
 the word look flashed at me in black and white as one page rolled out the door . 
 oh how nice , i thought vaguely , and followed . 
 out on the platform the newspaper page was nowhere to be seen . 
 the only place it could have gone was down . 
 under the train 's shiny sharp metal wheels . 
 i , still beaming emptily , was just hanging down off the edge of the platform to look when a stranger 's voice screamed , ` hey ! 
 look out ! ' 
 startled , i jerked up just as the carriage lurched forward . 
 crapcrapcrap ! 
 the calm state terminated abruptly , flicked off like a switch and i scrambled backward on my butt , for once uncaring about dignity , my eyes now fixed in horrified fascination on the churning accelerating mass of metal . 
 oh yeah , any hint of dream state had vanished , replaced by mere centimetres of clearance . 
 pounds per square inch . 
 yes , some part of me had heard the train 's warning beeps . 
 heard , but ignored them . 
 they just had not seemed important . 
 a cranial amputation was not about to solve all my problems . 
 self conscious again i got to my feet and brushed myself down . 
 my heart still pattered , frightened as hell , rationality was no comfort . 
 what had i been thinking ? 
 headless , heedless . 
 decapitated . 
 if it were not for the stranger bothering to yell out i would have been well and truly mangled . 
 who had it been ? 
 i roved slowly among the confusion of city people waiting on the platform but none looked the saviour type . 
 one generic mess of suits , ties and oily haircuts ; an essay on how class and style is beyond a credit card 's reach . 
 they were not even looking at each other , let alone me . 
 they were just on their way to work and that was all they wanted , to get to work unmolested . 
 without conscious direction i had begun to glare . 
 had i seen myself from outside i would have been disturbed to recognise muttonbird 's trademark trait there , her direct challenging stare . 
 from her , it would have made the crowd look away . 
 with such a face the girl must have been a virtuoso at turning people aside . 
 but my world was a very different place . 
 there is some instinctual prickle to being stared at , the people could sense my regard even through my sunglasses and a veritable rainbow of eye colours rose to meet the challenge . 
 from black through to grey-green , with makeup or without , set in resilient youthful skin or nesting in webs of decaying wrinkles . 
 vague , glazed or paranoid . 
 suddenly alarmed , i snapped my head away from them . 
 there were too many , far too many , and i felt that despite my protection too many were seeing the secrets of my eyes . 
 certain events shape a person 's life . 
 they burst into everyday existence to roll irresistibly over everything like a natural disaster , a bogeyman exploding from the depths of your safe and ordinary closet . 
 they strike at your innermost point where you had believed yourself most safely guarded . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 a voice called , a very familiar one . 
 i caught a glimpse of the speaker shoving through the crowd . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 a thousand shades of sea green came to mind . 
 of sun golden skin . 
 her eyes . 
 i turned and began pushing a path away ; at another shout i sped up to a run . 
 curious faces turned to look . 
 it was painful when my ankle twisted , but i would never know what the obstruction had been or have time to investigate . 
 perhaps somebody even stuck out their foot . 
 whatever the cause , as i fell i caught the smirk on the crowd 's knowing faces . 
 this is what you get . 
 my hands came up reflexively , frantically , to protect my nose . 
 nobody offered to help . 
 folk in the city do not get involved ; the river of people simply parted around me and continued on their way . 
 i was left alone lying full length among the chip packets and discarded cigarette butts . 
 staring at the broken pieces , now useless in my hand , of what had been my sunglasses . 
 my shield . 
 only skin eight feverish ` sir ? ' 
 i flinched visibly as the sound of greasy 's voice rolled and reverberated around the lobby . 
 i had been panting mindlessly up at the ceiling ever since the doors slid shut on all of those horrible , horrible people with their darting , seeking eyes . 
 eyes that greedily peeled my skin away , looking for the sustenance inside . 
 looking . 
 it felt like i had been standing there kneading my scalp for centuries , although in truth the doors had closed only seconds before greasy spoke up . 
 blinded by relief , i had forgotten he ever existed and now had absolutely no idea what he might want . 
 ` sir ? ' 
 something about my stare as i turned it on him startled greasy and he fumbled his lines , temporarily as much at a loss as i. ` you ... your identification ... sir . ' 
 ` my what ? ' 
 ` identification , ' he repeated more strongly . 
 apparently this was all some new ploy of mine -- he threw himself into the role accordingly . 
 ` nobody enters the building without it . ' 
 ` of course , my id . ' 
 suddenly everything was blessedly ordinary . 
 the surreal present rolled back , and i slipped back into normality , remembering with a smirk just what our exchange was all about . 
 but then my fingers reached my pocket and the blood rushed back out of my face . 
 the storm swept back in . 
 ` i do n't have it , ' i said stupidly . 
 an invisible airplane toilet ten thousand kilometres up opened under me and sucked my stomach away . 
 ` i came straight here . 
 i have n't been to my flat to get it . ' 
 the genetic detritus across the desk from me blinked , then began a slow burn of victory . 
 ` what was that sir ? ' 
 he made me repeat it . 
 ` i said , i do n't have the card . 
 do not have it . 
 do n't . ' 
 ` well i 'm afraid that 's very unfortunate . ' 
 greasy practically shrieked with glee , his dull eyes all aglow . 
 ` very unfortunate indeed . 
 you see , security guidelines state very clearly that i ca n't allow anybody entry to the building ` less they can prove their business here . 
 it 's security , sir . ' 
 behind me , a courier with a large box wrapped in unmarked brown paper tripped merrily across the lobby and into the lift . 
 i was pretty sure that the box was ticking . 
 greasy 's eyes barely flickered . 
 i could picture this officious little stain coated in ice , his malicious grin frozen solid but no matter how hard i willed it to come , strained , the cold flushes did not work like that . 
 ` call the boss , then . 
 she 'll ok me . ' 
 greasy tried to hide his smirk in his moustache . 
 ` the phones are n't working sir . ' 
 ` they 're not , huh ? ' 
 sure they were n't . 
 ` so what you 're saying is you wo n't let me in . ' 
 ` that 's correct . ' 
 ` even though i 've worked here for ages . ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` because of a guideline . ' 
 ` i could get the manual for you . ' 
 ` you ca n't talk to me like that ! 
 i 'm not just anybody you know ! ' 
 what had tolled ominously in my head came out sounding frail and , well ... silly . 
 ` is that right ... sir . ' 
 ` now you listen to me -- ` my eyes lit on his nametag , seeking something personal to hit him with , ` -- william ... ' we both stopped and stared at each other . 
 i said it again , ` william . ' 
 greasy had a name . 
 it was right there on his badge , security officer william shep . 
 william shep had a name . 
 william 's scabby brows drew down . 
 i must have looked ghastly . 
 i felt it , all sick and queasy as though i had just hurt myself . 
 william shep , right there on his nametag . 
 as clear as day . 
 williamwilliamwilliam . 
 with numb fingers i dropped my splintered sunglasses onto william 's desk . 
 as i retreated back out onto the street i saw the other man pick them up wonderingly . 
 divining for meaning . 
 all the way to my flat and back again my head dipped feebly about on my neck as though blown around by the regard of others . 
 i tried to avoid the eyes of the crowd . 
 neurons in my brain popped and chattered frenetically . 
 not greasy , but william . 
 william shep . 
 william was a person -- not much of a person , nasty and diminutive , but a person nonetheless . 
 he was more than a cardboard cut-out obstruction . 
 somehow i could not quite make myself believe it , i could not accept him . 
 not him . 
 he was the final straw . 
 somebody was awaiting my return , in the shadow of the marble façade . 
 sylvia . 
 in casual cream with a matching broad brimmed hat ; an exotic transplant from more civilised climes . 
 so cool and calm that she ought to have been strolling springtime away in paris or venice , not a sweltering pig-heat summer in this corporate backwater . 
 i almost broke out in hysterics . 
 taking those big glasses from her sculptured cheekbones sylvia sauntered forward . 
 ` heading into work ? 
 dressed a little casually , are n't we ? ' 
 then the aura of my distress enveloped her , cutting short whatever cleverness she had planned . 
 her eyes widened . 
 soft lips parted , then pressed together in consternation . 
 ` simon ? ' 
 ` sylvia . ' 
 i shuddered . 
 more damn people , more damn names . 
 ` i ca n't talk right now . 
 i really have to get past ... william shep . ' 
 ` william . ' 
 she rolled the name in her mouth . 
 ` is he really so fearsome ? ' 
 i liked the way that she pronounced his name . 
 sylvia separated out each syllable , dissected away at it until the parts became divorced of meaning . 
 a verbal reply to her question was not necessary ; i wore my response like a hair shirt . 
 ` well , then . ' 
 she held out her arm imperiously . 
 ` you sha n't go alone . 
 escort me . ' 
 like a queen secure on the arm of her lord , sylvia swanned in grandly . 
 her imperious eye settled on the unfortunate william shep . 
 william 's abused chair squealed as he got to his feet with blubbery lips unclosed , but i tossed him my id card . 
 my fingers shook . 
 it was not a good throw but accurate enough . 
 the card interrupted any inanity he had ready as it bounced off his chest . 
 ` why ! ' 
 sylvia exclaimed , all sugar and spice . 
 she leaned across the desk as though discovering an interesting bug to squish . 
 ` he 's just a fat little man ! ' 
 the phone by william 's elbow rang . 
 and again , urgently . 
 my eyes were drawn to it , to the little flashing fairy lights on the front as the whole switchboard lit up . 
 ` are n't you going to answer that ? ' 
 the miraculous , self-repairing phone . 
 i could not bring myself to raise my vision as high as william 's eyes , but what i had was adequate . 
 i could see his slack , gaping mouth and the name tag pinned above a cheap cotton pocket , behind which peeped his areola like a rising moon through mist . 
 i was not at all surprised to find that the name tag was now a complete blank . 
 after all , i no longer needed the prompting . 
 william shep 's name was branded permanently into both my sizzling frontal lobes . 
 fascinated with this unorthodox glimpse into my working world , sylvia tagged along . 
 as the lift doors closed behind us she began to giggle . 
 ` is n't that painting in the lobby positively awful ? 
 and the sheer size of it ! ' 
 ` i hear it 's supposed to be an angel . ' 
 ` more like a smurf and a banana in a high speed collision . 
 the aryan eyes look right , but i do n't remember any of the angels having crazy fuzzy hair in sunday school . ' 
 i found that i was breathing heavily , and there was no hiding it . 
 every whisper and squeak resounded as though we were sealed in a can -- conspicuously loud , and not at all reassuring . 
 i could see sylvia 's reflection , she kept sliding worried sideways glances at me . 
 perhaps she thought i looked dangerous , in which case she had a right to be worried . 
 a desperate man was liable to do anything , was n't he ? 
 but instead of retreating she gamely threaded her arm through mine and held her ground . 
 i did not feel like a dangerous man . 
 desperation was motivating me ; no , what i felt was brittle and frail , like a hollow ice figurine . 
 even the slight motion of the lift brought nausea . 
 what was going wrong with my world ? 
 i felt that control was slipping away , i was slipping sideways and losing my grip . 
 i swallowed grimly and forged my way between the lift doors the moment they began to open . 
 sylvia followed at a more sedate pace . 
 i barely made it to my desk before the intercom crackled . 
 ` simon ? 
 i would like to see you immediately . ' 
 typical . 
 bad luck does not come in threes . 
 it comes in avalanches , that smash down and bury you . 
 from behind me one of sylvia 's cool hands came up tentatively to touch the hot pulsing skin of my forehead . 
 women were savvy like that : something in celia 's tone , something not masked even by the poor quality speaker , had set off the territorial warning bells in sylvia 's golden head . 
 ` come on . ' 
 i patted sylvia 's other hand . 
 ` do you want to meet my boss ? ' 
 she looked suitably gratified , and i had to suppress a ridiculous jag of laughter at the prospect of these two in vicinity together . 
 nobody else in the office noticed as sylvia and i entered celia 's darkened , muffled world ; and they did so pointedly . 
 they were paid not to . 
 ` simon . ' 
 if celia felt surprised to receive extra company she was smoothly unwilling to show weakness . 
 she advanced from the couches with the relaxed steel of a hostile cat . 
 ` how nice . 
 i did n't remember it was bring a friend day . ' 
 smoothly tanned sylvia bared a slick cream smile in return . 
 all the information that would ever need to pass between these two had been communicated . 
 ` celia , this is sylvia , and vice versa . ' 
 i hardly know why i bothered , i had become largely extraneous . 
 when their right hands met coolly , i half expected the building 's foundations to crack and boom . 
 two sets of mascara 'd eyes snapped fire . 
 it were as though they scented coitus in the air . 
 both women wore their biggest and best smiles of urbane malice , cheshire grins spreading wider every second . 
 were they going to chomp bites from each other ? 
 it really looked like they would , what else could those nasty-friendly mouths be intended for ? 
 ` i understand you are a private acquaintance of simon 's ? ' 
 years of board meetings had drilled celia in the importance of initiative . 
 ` yes , and i understand you 're his boss . 
 i would n't have imagined many men would enjoy working under a woman . ' 
 ` on the contrary , simon excels under me . 
 we are all extremely proud of the long hard hours he puts in , always willing to push himself above and beyond , that 's our simon . ' 
 ` it does sound a little tedious , though : the same tired old four walls day in and day out . ' 
 ` well you know how working guys are , when there 's not much to go home to . ' 
 celia 's perfectly sculpted teeth parted , and i thought deliriously here it comes ! 
 she is going to bite a chunk off sylvia ! 
 right out of the side of her head . 
 she will grab her hair , yank her down and sink the pearly whites in . 
 ` now i 'm afraid i 'll have to ask you to excuse us . 
 simon and i have some briefs to go through . 
 perhaps you might be more comfortable waiting in the visitor 's lounge down in the lobby . 
 i promise you can have him back after i 'm done . ' 
 i almost asked `` lounge ? '' 
 and ruined the whole thing , but sylvia was already smiling graciously and withdrawing from the field as though it were so very below her to compete . 
 dispute was something that outer-suburban trash did , the sort of girl terrified they could not get any other man . 
 i was bemused : between women you can never tell which side drew victory and which the loss . 
 one of sylvia 's soft fingers tapped the back of my hand in passing , sending a shock up my arm . 
 ` i 'll catch up with you later , simon . 
 tiresome duty first , then pleasure i suppose . ' 
 as soon as the door shut behind her celia burst out laughing wickedly at my confusion . 
 ` of course there 's no lounge in the lobby . 
 you 're later than usual today . 
 perhaps some extra duties might be in order . ' 
 i put her hand from my chest so that she could not detect my thudding heart . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 ` it is n't your little friend , is it ? 
 i ca n't condone allowing your home life to interfere with your job , simon . 
 it shows a poor work ethic . ' 
 at least my snort of derision did not need to be feigned . 
 ` no , not her . 
 she 's just some woman who follows me around . ' 
 i dropped onto the couch to wait for my spinning head to clear . 
 it was warm in here , and hard to think . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` positive . 
 i 've just had a bad morning . ' 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 the darkness was kind to celia , cloaking many deficiencies but it could not hide the selfish petulance of her voice . 
 what could possibly have made me keep her waiting ? 
 ` it was the front desk guy . ' 
 william shep , i wanted to scream at her , his bloody name is william ! 
 but celia would neither understand nor care . 
 ` he refused to let me in this morning . 
 i had to go back home for my id card . 
 that 's when i picked up sylvia as a hanger-on . ' 
 celia 's lips twitched in an unlovely grimace of irritation and she headed for her desk , a woman on a mission . 
 i was too busy tending my unhappy head to pay much attention to what she said on the phone , but all languorous posturing had been stripped from her tone so she likely was n't ordering pizza . 
 re-entering my field of vision , she stepped back into existence again . 
 ` there , my fine young man . 
 everything is fixed , only ask and it shall be granted . 
 even as we speak , the front desk guy is packing up his crap and departing my employment . ' 
 my mind felt too full of swiss cheese holes to understand , and i could not remember asking for anything at all . 
 perhaps william shep had a life that would be ruined by losing his job . 
 he might be angry , and lying in wait for me . 
 maybe he would cease to exist the moment he left the building . 
 i did not feel very well . 
 fortuitously , celia was too wrapped up in her power girl posturing to note my failure to feed her ego . 
 ` i hope you 're ready to put on quite a show today , ' she cooed , unbuttoning my shirt hungrily . 
 ` after last friday ... and then the entire long weekend without you ... ' somehow she managed to straddle my hips on a sofa built for one . 
 with me at full stretch she ran her fingers along my ribs as though caressing piano keys , tapping out a secret tactile music that only she could hear . 
 if having celia perched on me was awkward , then watching her struggle from her underwear without dismounting had overtones of the truly ridiculous . 
 during the process a sharp knee caught me in the sternum -lrb- i 'm fairly sure it was an accident -rrb- , reminding me that i had a part to play in this , too . 
 numbly i unzipped , casting about in my shambling imagination for the long lost solace of the cold room . 
 it was almost there , nearly there , i could practically see it . 
 the edges of vapour teased me , and i reached for them with an almost tearful relief . 
 then celia asked , ` what 's this ? ' 
 the image of the cold room blew apart . 
 i choked back nausea with a superior will , because what celia 's awful , curious fingers explored was the scar ! 
 i had not remembered to cover it with blemish mask . 
 well adapted to her twilight world , celia had of course been instantly on it . 
 ` well ? 
 have i finally discovered the chink in your perfect , gorgeous armour ? ' 
 she pressed on it . 
 my nerve broke . 
 colours exploded in my head , and i thought i might faint . 
 i seized the startled celia desperately about the torso and buried my face in her chest to shut out sight and sound . 
 her heartbeat thundered in my ears and i hid behind it , wanting to be shielded , wanting to feel safe . 
 it was of course not meant to be . 
 although i tried to pretend i was soothed and held , celia stiffened in the forced embrace . 
 i did not need to look at her to know it . 
 her body twisted into a prickly `` no '' in my arms , and remained uncomfortably tense until i relented and she could disengage me . 
 once safely across the room , celia regarded me suspiciously from elaborately made up eyes . 
 when i simply remained on the couch regarding my empty hands , she deemed me provisionally safe enough and skittered across to her one and only friend : the faithful alcohol cabinet . 
 it made sense . 
 a nice stiff drink stayed that way , and it only said what she wanted to hear . 
 the perfect stupid companion , encouraging a stupid woman to find all her answers at the bottom of a bottle . 
 it was not until the glass was well anointed with lipstick that celia felt bolstered enough to return . 
 she perched on the arm of the couch , tactfully out of reach . 
 ` i think you should come back some other time , simon . ' 
 her voice was only a little unsteady . 
 some other time , some other time . 
 and she was the one who dragged me in here ! 
 there was a tiny weak part of me that still wanted to plead . 
 it begged for comfort like a lonely child , but i smothered it , the maladaptive impulse . 
 locked it firmly away for being useless . 
 i was myself again . 
 twisted back under control and rigid against celia 's rebuff . 
 i ought to have known better than to seek anything from her . 
 by celia 's whim we came together for rutting , and that 's all it was . 
 fleshy , dispassionate , and for solely her pleasure . 
 the merest hint any more might be required sent her scuttling quickly back into her fortress of bourbon . 
 the deal between us was just that : a deal . 
 celia was still regarding me like a cautious bird , waiting . 
 to sit so close she was taking a calculated gamble , ready to fly should i turn toward her instead of meekly heading where she herded . 
 it was still not too late . 
 if so inclined i could change the selfish little pet 's mind and stay but the question was , did i really want to ? 
 after all , were there not other things to be done that i had been putting off for far too long ? 
 important things ? 
 now that i felt myself again i could see it all so clearly . 
 a wonder that i had missed the truth for so long . 
 goodbye celia , i thought without regret . 
 use the money you save on my wage to buy yourself a dildo . 
 a great big one with all the bells and whistles , because i will not be returning some other time , or any time . 
 it was time to take my life back . 
 there were some raised eyebrows from the battery humans nested in their computer stalls . 
 no matter how studiously they avoided noticing my relations with the boss , a betting pool had sprung up over the amount of time i spent in her office . 
 what could my hasty exit today mean ? 
 there was barely enough time for a man to get started . 
 oh , it was ripe juicy scandal all right . 
 i tried for my usual casual saunter , but my eyes were too used to looking where they would with impunity . 
 without my glasses , i was confronted by the drones staring right on back . 
 i tried to turn away but the black glass of celia 's cube reflected me in a pitiable state . 
 i was caught between their regard and my own . 
 my reflection 's stare , normally so clear and sane , looked burnt out , fire gutted . 
 it told its tale so baldly that i lurched and threw up an arm to shield my face , hurt by my own gaze . 
 something moved behind me . 
 a blur in the glass ; perhaps a girl with dark woolly hair and irregular features . 
 i quickly uncovered my face , but there was nobody there . 
 only the motion of the lift 's gently opening doors . 
 ` i have to take my life back , ' i croaked , and stepped into it . 
 i would take it back . 
 i would go home and help the bitch , brain fenrir with a brick if i had to . 
 i would stand in the cold room and make muttonbird obey . 
 instead of pressing the button for the lobby where an angry william shep might be waiting , i rode the lift all the way down to the underground car park . 
 from the oily bowels of the building i walked through ranks of cars stacked as though in a mausoleum , emerged from the fumes and darkness into bright sunlight with dazzled eyes and reeking lungs . 
 tipping my head back i breathed deeply , trying to expel all traces of the building and my past life from my body . 
 ` hey . ' 
 i spun around and found sylvia leaning against the red brick wall . 
 ` so you have quite a boss . 
 she 's a comedian , a real sweetheart . 
 but i 'm not the sort to joke around , simon . 
 i think we should be honest with each other . ' 
 ` honest ? ' 
 guaranteed , sylvia would not fancy my honesty . 
 my puzzled eyes were on hers , but she looked only at my mouth , at the parts of me she wanted to possess . 
 barely acknowledging me as human . 
 ` yes . 
 honest . ' 
 her eyes were very dark and full . 
 the open sea at midnight . 
 in its locked cell that small lonely part of me looked up hopefully as she moved in close , but the rest of my personality sat on it firmly and waited suspiciously to see what would happen . 
 as though it were a religious experience , sylvia leaned up against me . 
 right where muttonbird had leaned , i thought in a sudden fit of fear , and she was so cold . 
 she pressed her lips to the corner of my mouth with a gentle pressure . 
 her eyes were closed just as gently , and i could feel the delicate lashes flutter against my cheek . 
 one slender hand slid up the back of my neck to test the texture of my hair . 
 she stayed so only for a moment , considering . 
 i was shocked to find that my pulse had heated and quickened without my consent . 
 what on earth for ? 
 stepping back , sylvia resumed her examination but to my tingling senses there were now two women : one of them placing that ghostly kiss forever . 
 ` what are you going to do now ? ' 
 she asked seriously . 
 i considered the question in perhaps a deeper context than it had been posed . 
 ` do ? 
 well , there 's no point staying here . ' 
 nothing to the city but bad dreams , trembling and jumping at reflections . 
 ` there are some things i have to fix . 
 i 'm going home . ' 
 ` the beach ? ' 
 sylvia put her big bug glasses back on , sensing some decision had been reached but unsure what it meant . 
 ` then let me be your escort . ' 
 she was not kidding either , she followed me onto the train . 
 although i knew it was cowardly , in boarding i averted my face from the sliding door 's glass in case there were any woolly haired phantoms trailing us . 
 sylvia and i sat ourselves down in opposite seats , knees nearly touching . 
 the only other passenger was a girl sitting right down the other end of the carriage -- to all intents and purposes we were alone . 
 but we did not talk . 
 i could not be bothered with trying to think of something to say to sylvia . 
 i rather pitied her . 
 a vague sort of emotion , but one all the same . 
 she was so ... human , so ordinary , and yet she had the -lrb- metaphorical i hoped -rrb- balls to try and reach for me ! 
 doubtless she could not even detect the train 's rarefied air with her dull mundane senses . 
 it was already working its magic on me , whether my companion knew it or not . 
 i could feel my thoughts slip down a gear and relax . 
 how terrible life must be for those like sylvia , i mused , to be so fundamentally flawed they were unable to feel the small miracles going on around them . 
 the rocking silver tube slowed , and the train hissed at yet another stop . 
 an urgent door beeping announced the end of our seclusion and my lip curled . 
 a group of young men piled on board . 
 loud , crude and swaggering , laughing oafishly as they held the door open to delay the train . 
 it was amazing they did not immediately start urinating all over the carriage , but apparently even gibbons can be housetrained should you start young enough . 
 i looked away , so cold and still that they must have taken me for part of the furnishings . 
 sylvia and i made two , anyhow , so they targeted the solitary young girl instead . 
 body language summarised the narrative : she crossed her arms and tried to face away , but they were having none of that . 
 hopelessly drunk on testosterone and probably more they draped themselves on all sides of her , posing to display puny genitals in tight black jeans . 
 the newcomers were creating their own pocket of resistance ; around them the surreal ambiance of the train deepened , the way lymph flow will increase to an injury . 
 the tension in the air was forming a three dimensional lattice that penetrated and ensnared everything , through my body , through my flesh and it was cold . 
 i was cold . 
 my reflection in the window shone faintly above the rushing fences , houses and trees of the shabby suburban dream . 
 something washed out and blue looked out of my polished brown eyes . 
 the pubescent posturers were still leaning themselves in too close to the girl 's personal space , and she cowered away . 
 the situation was bound to end in tears . 
 i tried not to notice that her hair was curly and dark . 
 finally the girl put both hands to her closest assailant 's chest and shoved him , hard . 
 a rather impotent gesture : genetics rather than any virtue endowed him with her strength several times over , but he was off balance on the rocking train while she had adrenaline on her side . 
 as he fell on his ass , i caught a glimpse of a cheap looking blue tattoo on his neck , a needle legged spider . 
 not a good sign . 
 even from here i could see the grime beneath his stunted fingernails . 
 sure enough , spider neck was the first to hit her . 
 he administered a firm slap across the cheek with his open palm but this was a middle class suburbanite , never so much as spanked by daddy ; with such an ugly intrusion of violence into her cultivated world , he might as well have stabbed her , ` hey ! ' 
 oh no . 
 sylvia was on her feet , royally outraged . 
 as one of the boys turned his head to look at us i could practically hear his neck creak . 
 ` wha 'd dooya think yoou 're lookin ' at ? ' 
 his speech was the blurring , dogged enunciation of classic white trash , almost gibberish . 
 i glanced him over , and then dispassionately returned to gazing out the window . 
 dispassionately , i told myself although my fingers were curled tightly into their palms . 
 this was happening more lately : some unknown element was causing palpitations in my body , disturbances to the ordered rhythm of life . 
 the window warned me , but not in time . 
 i had no chance to turn around and react to what was coming . 
 ` gaah ! ' 
 was all i managed when spider neck clubbed me at the base of the skull with whatever had been in his hand . 
 a beer bottle , perhaps . 
 always seize the initiative , the ghost of celia whispered smugly , or it will seize you . 
 the train 's air was too cottony for it to actually hurt , but i definitely felt the impact . 
 control let go , and i fell onto the carpet in an undignified sprawl of limbs . 
 my face was turned toward the wall . 
 i could not see my attacker , or speak , but dull impacts registered at my flanks along with a blank outrage . 
 they were kicking me ! 
 what sort of idiot kicks a person who 's on the ground ? 
 somewhere out there sylvia 's voice was shrieking hysterically ; glad to hear she was making herself useful , then . 
 if any of this ends in bruises , i began , not sure if i was actually speaking out loud , somebody is going to be very ... something interrupted me . 
 a noise . 
 with one ear against the tacky carpet and one in the air i could perceive four distinct groups of sound . 
 sylvia 's aggravated screeching , of course . 
 the neanderthal grunts of my assailants , accompanied by their excited , unwashed hormonal reek . 
 they were getting high on this . 
 beneath that were the train 's metal wheels , rattling and clanging on the rails . 
 and beneath even that was another type of noise , that had grabbed my attention . 
 a regular metronome sound . 
 that was when i saw it . 
 lying there on the filthy carpet with the burnt rubber stench of train brakes clogging my nose , shoved this way and that by each kick , i stared incredulously at the miniscule clock tucked away beneath the seat 's rim . 
 it was far from the only one . 
 from this new perspective i could see dozens more clocks stuffed into every nook . 
 the small bones of my ear clanged with the thunder of amassed ticking . 
 thousands of them . 
 as the train , ticking madly , hurtled into the evening i began laughing and found that i could not stop . 
 ` simon ! ' 
 sylvia shrieked . 
 all in one motion i surged to my feet amongst them ; a thing , a force . 
 i had never struck out physically in my life , never punched another man , but this was an urgent desire , a need to . 
 the other pimply youths came rushing to support spider neck , whom i already had on the ground . 
 i welcomed them , hit them not only with my fists but with my entire amazing body . 
 they exploded like a startled flock of pigeons but in the sealed train carriage there was nowhere to go . 
 i laughed , i did . 
 i laughed because i was their better , and far more in my prime than they could ever be . 
 an eternal prime of sheer physical power . 
 ` what are your names ! ' 
 i screamed through the laughter . 
 ` what are your names ! ' 
 their weakness revealed made me laugh even more ; their flesh was as dull and brutish as their violence had been . 
 the caving-in of such ugliness beneath my fists was hilarious . 
 a fog , my breath on the windows , thickened and blotted out the outside world behind a veil of white . 
 i was invincible . 
 i did not need the dawning cold flush to slow my adversaries , indeed i embraced their pitiful attempts at retaliation . 
 welcomed them with open arms and hale healthy laughter , as fondly as i had ever welcomed mum or the bitch . 
 when i was done frost danced little patterns across prostate heaps of meat and bad clothing . 
 one of them coughed fluid , probably spider neck . 
 i could imagine the cold flush taking hold of the liquid in that throat and making spikes of ice that would pierce the fleshy walls . 
 exulted , and a bit out of breath , i glanced around with a passing sort of curiosity . 
 ` what were your names ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` the girl . ' 
 sylvia was kneeling beside her . 
 ` she 's hurt ; we should call the police and an ambulance . ' 
 she glanced sideways at me . 
 ` and maybe a nuthouse . ' 
 i came over for a look . 
 when boarding the train i had been so sure that the girl 's hair was dark and curled , her form plump , but no . 
 this girl was slender and well formed , her short hair a burnished copper and her ears pierced over and over . 
 although she was breathing , her eyes were closed and she did not move . 
 fainted ? 
 perhaps she did need help . 
 that was of no consequence to me . 
 as the frost faded back from the windows , i looked around and realised we had hit the end of the line . 
 this was my stop . 
 ` simon ! 
 come back here -- we have to help her ! ' 
 ` do n't follow me , then , ' i tossed back over my shoulder . 
 ` you help her . ' 
 i knew of course why i had mistaken the girl 's appearance to be other than it was . 
 muttonbird , always damned muttonbird lurking around every corner . 
 but now i was empowered , by stupendous physical dominance , by my perfect , perfect body . 
 it was time to take control . 
 and to teach muttonbird her place in the order of things so that she would never , ever forget . 
 only skin nine flawless skin i was far too ramped up to go straight home . 
 no sense in rushing in hot headed . 
 instead , i sought my peace on the beach . 
 the night was still early and so , so quiet . 
 when i closed my eyes and lifted my face to the breeze it felt lovely . 
 there could only be one outcome tonight : the right one ; i felt it in my bones . 
 the sea smell of the air made me feel alive as i had not in weeks . 
 privately and intensely aware in the dark . 
 the sound of the waves rolled back and forth , sleek grey water . 
 white caps glimmered far out before they slipped away . 
 i dropped my clothes from my body and left them at the tide line like garbage . 
 shriven . 
 i walked down the sand and into the water . 
 up to my ankles , and my thighs , genitals tightening away from the cold . 
 then up and over my chest . 
 salty . 
 it fizzed and stung in tiny abrasions all over my body , souvenirs from the scuffle , cleansing them to heal without memory . 
 i ducked my head to taste the brine . 
 there is no other sensation so pure as to be in the water at night . 
 to be so utterly naked and feel liquid slide past skin without impediment . 
 i swam out just far enough that i could no longer touch bottom , and then floated on my back . 
 my hair drifted like seaweed . 
 my arms and legs , too . 
 i was moved dreamily by the waves . 
 the stars were so bright . 
 in the city you often get no stars at all , just a glowering purple sky . 
 but out here they burned clearly , glorious pale candles . 
 with my ears dipped under water i closed my eyes against the stars and rocked gently backward and forward . 
 gradually , i could feel everything tumbling within me grow just as quiet , cool and calm . 
 humanity only recently crawled out of the sea ; my body still remembered how it had once belonged to the water . 
 the sea was within me , the reflected stars on night water a roadmap of my soul . 
 like a breaching seal i rose , and came streaming to my feet . 
 i was stripped new in the air . 
 all outer layers had been burned off to reveal the core , and as i waded back to shore every sense was a novelty to be marvelled over . 
 sand dusted my ankles like soft crumbly brown sugar . 
 when i pulled my pants on they clung gladly to my wet skin as though desperately drinking . 
 all marks of the past months ' scrabble and scrape had been washed from me . 
 even my sore eye that muttonbird had poked was miraculously clear . 
 all that remained was the awful pink deformity of the scar , but i supposed that was a wrong that ran too deep for even the sea to touch . 
 for the rest , my life may not have even happened . 
 there was peace in my mind . 
 peace for myself , that was -- muttonbird was about to receive anything but . 
 i left my shirt abandoned by the water as an offering ; a piece of my old life in exchange for the new . 
 sand crunched grittily in my shoes , scratched between my toes . 
 even as i walked toward the beach house i still concentrated on the sigh of the waves behind me , reluctant to give it up . 
 i strained my ears after its muted rise and fall , and wondered that there were people out there in the world who had never , and would go their entire lives without hearing the sea . 
 by the time i hit the wire fence the hush of water was only an echo in my mind , albeit one so clear that i could still practically hear it . 
 watch out muttonbird , the waves sighed . 
 i 'm coming for you . 
 ` simon . ' 
 sylvia emerged from the shadows like a wraith . 
 i regarded her curiously : her tan was under-laid by frightened bloodless skin , and there was a determined wildness in her eyes . 
 the big hat and glasses were gone . 
 her hair and dress were dishevelled and whip-like scratches adorned both arms , as though she had bush-bashed her way here in the darkness . 
 ` i 've been waiting for you . ' 
 ` what about ... ' `` muttonbird '' , i almost said , ` ... your buddy on the train ? ' 
 sylvia was both ashamed and exhilarated . 
 ` i want to know , ' she said in a low intense voice , stepping closer . 
 ` i want to know what the secret is here , what makes you as you are . 
 i want to know ! 
 show me . ' 
 i hesitated . 
 ` you could still go home . 
 bugger off to whatever it is you do . ' 
 triumph flared in her face as though my cryptic reluctance confirmed all of her secretly held beliefs . 
 ` i knew it ! 
 i knew something was here , i could feel it in you . ' 
 she practically burned . 
 ` show me . ' 
 sure , why not . 
 i lifted the wire . 
 once we were on my home turf i was sure she could feel it as clearly as i : something was wrong with the world . 
 more specifically , with my part of the world . 
 i remembered the soundless dream muttonbird had yanked me into and glanced up uneasily , expecting a giant streetlight to be hovering up there like a hand waiting to slap us flat . 
 sylvia kept swinging around as though pinched by instinct , by a warning from all sides that she could almost hear . 
 there was no need to seek the creators of this muted world , however . 
 the welcoming committee came to us . 
 first fenrir emerged from the scrub . 
 i had to admit i had mentally diminished him in my memory by applying the label `` dog '' ; he was truly magnificent , but not in any way an animal should be . 
 fenrir was huge , with more of the beast than domesticated dog in him . 
 shaped in the fashion of some primitive and ancient bestial deity . 
 sylvia 's eyes fixed on him with a sort of wordless horror . 
 i would have said something in a low voice to sylvia , but i was diverted . 
 two low shapes bumped my knees to either side in passing . 
 three more bounded up behind fenrir without making a sound . 
 sylvia and i were introduced to fenrir 's three brothers and two sisters . 
 his children . 
 his pack . 
 having experienced the same accelerated maturity they were bulky , although nothing on their sire . 
 five bone pale things , deadly and unearthly . 
 while fenrir trod the dirt like a dignified behemoth they skulked above it as swiftly and lightly as ghosts . 
 the pack had a brightness to their eyes . 
 weird blue eyes with lights behind them . 
 it could only be the alertness of creatures who ran down and ate live , screaming prey . 
 an animalistic sort of cunning , whetted and honed toward that one goal . 
 the progeny were certainly mindful of being on show . 
 the three males trotted back and forth behind their father with heads and tails lowered slyly , as though tracking scents . 
 the females who had brushed by me lent coyly into their alpha 's flanks but fenrir , ignoring them all , raised his head to look me directly in the eye . 
 the intelligence in fenrir 's brown eyes was disturbingly different for being so sinisterly human . 
 a single scrap , some bird 's under-feather , dowdy and grey , clung to the corner of his cavernous mouth . 
 between them the dogs had managed to not only decimate , but obliterate all wildlife within the confines of the fences . 
 my land was dead . 
 in old spaghetti western films the hero is seen striding down a deserted street , going eagerly to face his destiny . 
 he stands alone against the enemy , one man against the world . 
 that was how i felt as i stepped forward , despite sylvia so close that she almost melded with my bare back . 
 i was invincible , buoyed up by the power in me . 
 so vastly superior to the dogs who for all their teeth still slunk at ankle level . 
 if , instead of shrinking back , sylvia had offered to help i would have swept her aside and continued on alone . 
 the pack sidestepped my advance , licking the air and tasting my scent , their weird moon eyes excited . 
 only fenrir stood his ground . 
 the nearer i advanced the higher his lip lifted , baring rows of monolith teeth in pink and brown speckled gums . 
 i remembered those teeth well , with a superstitious chill . 
 their unnatural distension around my head and the foul stink of the animal 's breath . 
 fenrir 's rolling eyes showed hysterical white all around . 
 he snapped his jaws once , a wet chuck . 
 he could smell sylvia 's fear thick as syrup on the air , and was not about to give way . 
 fine . 
 it was of no importance to me . 
 if childish was what the creature wanted , childish he would get . 
 rather than acceding to the impending showdown i simply turned and detoured around fenrir and his kin as though they did not matter . 
 we left a huddle of rather bewildered dogs staring after us . 
 fenrir growled . 
 ` muttonbird , ' i answered him . 
 ` what ? ' 
 sylvia whispered to me , and fenrir growled even louder . 
 the threatening sound was like teeth grating , bits of enamel grinding and chipping off . 
 incredible as it was it occurred to me that this was the first time that sylvia had even heard the name ! 
 all i gave her was , ` you 'll see . ' 
 a stomach turning smell flooded out from the open front door to greet us . 
 sylvia gagged with a sleeve over her nose and mouth . 
 ` you live like this ? ' 
 ` no , ' i answered shortly . 
 sylvia 's eyes widened as we passed the lounge room with its lipstick decoration , the big looping letters , but beneath her fear a gritted determination persisted . 
 with the misguided soul of an adventurer sylvia was willing to risk all for the grand prize . 
 very well . 
 i opened the door at the top of the stairs . 
 ` here you go . 
 this is me , down here . 
 this is everything you 've been looking for . ' 
 she blanched . 
 i felt i would never forget what colour her eyes were in that moment : a brilliant , glimmering emerald . 
 sunlight in the shallows . 
 the pink seashell mouth tightened . 
 ` i do n't want to go down there , ' she murmured . 
 ` you do n't ? ' 
 we could both hear the gormless goading in my voice . 
 backing out now ? 
 oh well , better go back to being ordinary , then . 
 to being anybody on the street . 
 she nodded , and i suddenly wanted to take it back . 
 ` i will . 
 i will . ' 
 her eyes looked up at mine . 
 ` only , will you kiss me first ? 
 just once . ' 
 there it was , an exchange of her challenge for mine . 
 again came that odd triple beat in my pulse . 
 it made me want to say no , but like every game there were rules of fairness -- one of mine for one of yours . 
 so , instead of shoving her rudely away i bent my head . 
 her warm skin scent rose in my nostrils . 
 i wished i were wearing a shirt . 
 testing , i brushed my cheek against hers . 
 the initial movement was exploratory and so could be mistaken for tender . 
 she could not help turning her lips to my skin . 
 my breathing stumbled . 
 i found myself crushing her , my mouth all over , wanting to eat her if i could . 
 biting her lips . 
 she was pinned against the wall by my greater bulk . 
 her mouth tried to sooth me and bring me down from frenzy , ` sh , sh , ' escaping her in tiny sighs just below my ear . 
 i tried to keep myself silent . 
 i could n't do this with mum and everyone else less than a wall away . 
 sylvia had no such reserve ; she brought my hand to her breast . 
 my other hand was immediately between her legs , and i was not gentle . 
 she rippled strangely in my grasp , trying to flinch away and press closer at the same time . 
 it was too much sensation : the physical certainty of two bodies wanting exactly the same thing . 
 neophyte , i was drowning in it . 
 i could taste her , feel her warmth , and my entire body knew the press and contour of hers . 
 terrified , i dropped her . 
 she sagged there against the wall , clutching it , gasping for air . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 overwhelmed , i could not reply . 
 i desperately needed to think but my brain was too full of her . 
 drowning . 
 sylvia straightened defiantly . 
 with head high she swept her hair back with both hands . 
 do n't go , i suddenly wanted to shout , but did not understand why , and so refrained . 
 sylvia certainly did not intend to be stopped at any rate . 
 so i followed her down to the cold room . 
 i had given mine , and now it was time for hers . 
 it was dark down there . 
 i had never noticed it could be so dark . 
 but there was still plenty of light to see the room 's inhabitants by . 
 ` hello everybody . 
 i 've brought someone to meet you . ' 
 sylvia stood in the centre off the room and slowly absorbed what was around her . 
 and by observing , i suddenly saw the tableau through her eyes . 
 the horror of this false stasis , this farcical preservation of life ! 
 i clutched at my face with the insanity of her perspective . 
 however , the intuitive leap went both ways , and somewhere a tiny part of sylvia looked with my eyes and saw the profound beauty of it . 
 for a moment we teetered there together , both on the brink of madness . 
 it was the acknowledgment of the beauty of what we were looking at that finally dropped her yet saved me . 
 sylvia screamed , a raw unladylike peal like a gull 's cry . 
 she fled back up the stairs . 
 a real black and white horror movie scream , i thought , and bounded after her . 
 nobody screams like that anymore . 
 being stronger i ought to be able to catch her , but great mass requires greater energy to get moving , and sylvia 's long body was not just for show . 
 our pursuit up through the house must have been to her fear heightened senses syrupy , with the nightmare quality of a dream . 
 i came on like an arrow after a fleeing hart . 
 the wolf and the prey . 
 my hand reached out , and actually tangled in the promise of her hair when i caught a glimpse of something through my bedroom door , and stopped dead . 
 sylvia was forgotten ; she ripped through my grasp , and could run to hell for all i cared . 
 softly i entered the room . 
 the bitch was curled in a nest of blankets on the bed . 
 this was where she had crawled to miserably birth her pups , surrounded by the comfort of my scent . 
 but she had not survived the delivery . 
 poor dog . 
 i felt my chest constrict . 
 she had lain here inhaling the memory of me , in pain because i left her behind . 
 wanting me to come back and make the relentless hurting better . 
 well it was too late now . 
 i straightened her silky ears and gently tucked the blankets around her . 
 pinned under one of the bitch 's paws were the two halves of muttonbird 's journal , as though she had spent her last moments loyally guarding it from somebody . 
 she retained her self-imposed post , even in death . 
 i was pretty sure that with a bit of wiggling i could dislodge the book without disturbing the dog 's corpse , and i was already reaching when the echo of pleading in the bitch 's eyes warned me : no , do n't touch it ! 
 too late . 
 i already had my hands on muttonbird 's trap . 
 fishing hooks jumped out of the journal into my soft eyes and i howled in sudden blazing pain as they yanked me face first into cold water . 
 caught , i unwisely spluttered and blew air from my lungs in panic . 
 muttonbird 's sea was a terrible place . 
 the chill water was full of rot and its rank fluids stopped up my nostrils . 
 still she pulled me deeper , reeling me in with my legs threshing the liquid out behind . 
 i could see nothing , but my imagination needed no eyes . 
 the line i was caught on led right down to the seabed . 
 muttonbird was a loathsome kraken hauling on those lines , her hair a dirty cloud in the water , her smile the only light . 
 she was invading my body as the water came in and i was drawn closer . 
 our thoughts clashed angrily as we struggled to coexist in my single pounding skull . 
 her dreams and emotions overlapped my own like ill-fitting clothing . 
 ` simon ! ' 
 the water froze . 
 that was a cry i was hearing a lot lately , but this time i clung to it . 
 the voice was real . 
 i used it and its urgency to lead me home , a path by which i might drag myself back into my bedroom and back into myself . 
 snarling , i snatched my hands back from the journal . 
 i was drenched , although whether it came by sweat or the alien sea i could not tell . 
 the call that had drawn me back came again , drifting faintly from outside the house . 
 ` please ! ' 
 i followed it . 
 it did not take me long to find sylvia , she continued to scream my name until i did . 
 she had almost made it to the fence before fenrir 's pack bailed her up in a clearing . 
 they snapped viciously about her hips , had already drawn dark smears from her thighs . 
 in the dimness the blood looked black on sylvia , but was a shocking prim red against the animals ' pale muzzles . 
 they grinned and whooped , enjoying themselves immensely . 
 fenrir himself merely sat back to watch the games , as aloof as an emperor on his throne . 
 ` sylvia . ' 
 trembling on long legs she turned her wild eyes to me . 
 it was too dark to tell their colour anymore . 
 tears streamed down her face , torrents of salty water and although she began babbling immediately , she did not seem to really see me at all . 
 ` i do n't like it here , oh please help me , i do n't like it , please help , please help me ... ' her makeup , so skilful that i had hardly known it was there , had run from her eyes and smeared from her mouth . 
 abrasions and dirt were ground into her palms , she must have fallen at some point . 
 that stricken face was a tragedy mask , i had never before seen any creature in such abject brainless terror . 
 she seemed to have forgotten how to converse , could only implore on a stuck loop . 
 fenrir deigned to rise . 
 he laughed and coughed at sylvia the way wild beasts do . 
 lifting a leg he sprayed a puddle of rank steaming piss all over the woman 's feet . 
 it sizzled when it hit the earth and it was not hard to conjecture that nothing would now ever grow there again . 
 although i had to block my nose against the stinky musk sylvia was so far gone she barely seemed to notice , even when the welts began to rise . 
 the message was clear . 
 if i wished to remain unmolested myself , i would leave matters just so . 
 fenrir sat again , and ran his long tongue out through his lips until it touched the ground . 
 the pack mirrored his gruesome smile . 
 what 's the time mr wolf ? 
 when i looked at sylvia , all i could wonder was whose sea would her tears taste of ? 
 mine ? 
 or muttonbird 's ? 
 ` is this what you were looking for ? ' 
 losing awareness fast , she did not answer . 
 perhaps the prey is mercifully drugged by the predator 's stare , or by the oncoming headlights , or the barrel of the gun . 
 fenrir coughed again and that got a response : two sobs exploded from her like firecrackers before she could stuff them back in . 
 in their circle around her fenrir 's children had started digging from sheer excitement , the dirt flying from their long nails , working themselves into frenzy . 
 still i hesitated . 
 ` i told you . 
 i told you not to follow me here . 
 i told you to go home . 
 this is all your fault . 
 you should n't have wanted what you ca n't have . ' 
 i was right , i knew it . 
 so why such a strange blooming pain in my chest ? 
 sylvia looked so defenceless . 
 she shivered and shook . 
 that mouth had kissed me , and i felt a sick bitter urge to try it again . 
 how would the mascara on her cheeks taste ? 
 or the exquisitely sensitive abrasions of her palms ? 
 or the slick blood on her knees ? 
 go ahead simon , some bloated thing chuckled quietly in my mind . 
 save her . 
 live happily ever after . 
 ` you ! ' 
 horrified , i identified the voice as muttonbird , coiled fatly in my head like some loathsome parasitic worm . 
 ` get out , get out ! ' 
 i screamed on panicked impulse , beating a fist against my temple ... then stopped myself . 
 i took a deep steadying breath . 
 took the time to straighten my hair . 
 these were not the actions of a sane man . 
 not the beautiful , powerful creation i knew myself to be . 
 muttonbird had to be dealt with , and that required a decision . 
 ` sorry sylvia . ' 
 sorry . 
 sorry . 
 sorry . 
 ` this is your own fault . 
 not mine . ' 
 with the woman ceded to him fenrir did not give a rat 's what i did with myself , i was free to go . 
 turning my back on him , on sylvia and her closing circle of pale wolfish admirers , i returned to the cold room . 
 i felt dull and snared by gravity , almost too heavy to make it down the stairs . 
 thankfully my brief flash of the room from sylvia 's distorted perspective had dissipated , the cold room was back to normal . 
 mum was fine , the wheelchair guy ... well , there was not much to work with there , anyhow . 
 but muttonbird . 
 her makeup looked a cheap travesty after sylvia 's subtly applied art , the face of a painted whore . 
 mum 's glare drilled into me accusingly and i could tell what she was thinking : how could her own sweet boy go and treat a girl like that ? 
 moulding a slut from the base clay , as though womanhood were nothing more than a doll to be played with . 
 ` i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry . 
 it 's ok , it 's just cosmetic . 
 i can fix it . ' 
 it took me a long time to clean all of the paint off muttonbird . 
 gently , apologetically , using a soft sponge and a bucket of nice warm water . 
 tiny rivulets ran and sparkled over her cold flesh , carrying away the false tan to form brownish pools on the floor . 
 it did not matter that beneath the bronze her skin was going a trifle grey . 
 by the time i had finished the water was no longer nice and warm ; tiny tongues of ice were creeping out over the muddy bucket . 
 the sponge felt like holding a handful of ice cream , my fingers cringed and stung . 
 i tamped down the last few wisps of skin , curling like dried leaves . 
 all done . 
 straightening with a bewildered frown , i gazed around the cold room . 
 i could still feel an overlap in my head : muttonbird danced in and out of the coliseum of my brain . 
 this was the cold room , where i had brought mum to keep her with me forever . 
 this was where i had stashed the dead bodies of both muttonbird and the wheelchair guy . 
 this was where i had shut up the bitch until something snapped inside her like a broken spring . 
 and for what ? 
 no ! 
 i shook my head sharply . 
 that was muttonbird confusing my thoughts , introducing grim doubts i would otherwise never entertain . 
 a chorus of eerie wails drifted to me through the walls ; out there fenrir and his pack were greeting the moon . 
 was sylvia dead already , or still damned and waiting to fall ? 
 i could picture the scene : the dogs ' eyes shining all around her in shared points of light , panting , nipping ; just waiting for the moment sylvia 's legs gave way and she tumbled amongst them . 
 i even thought i heard a tiny lost noise , a last drifting , ` help . ' 
 sylvia was gone , she was lost , and i would never kiss her again . 
 now there was only muttonbird left to deal with , the root and cause of all my problems . 
 and i would never kiss sylvia again . 
 slowly , hesitantly i leaned down and pressed my lips to what i had left , to the cold comfort of muttonbird 's pale forehead where the water still beaded like sweat . 
 at the contact a conduit snapped into place , like a gateway for raw electricity and my limbs clenched convulsively . 
 the world had gone , swept away in the current . 
 and then suddenly , without any memory of walking there i found myself in the kitchen . 
 i clutched the counter as the dizzy swoon of complete and utter lack of control faded . 
 ` oh ... oh crap . ' 
 i breathed out shakily , convinced by the bland familiarity of the room if nothing else that i was really there . 
 i stood naked , with no sign of my clothes . 
 although i had some vague sense of time having passed my watch had been spirited away along with the rest . 
 ` muttonbird ? ' 
 no way of knowing if she would respond to the name i had given her , but it was the only one i had . 
 i had a sudden lunatic burst of sitcom familiarity , as though i were throwing my keys on the bench and calling out `` hi honey , i 'm home ! '' 
 ` muttonbird ? ' 
 a sluggish hum , like a drugged beehive , underlay everything . 
 it was the fridge . 
 the humming fridge door stood open , and its innards were warmer than the room . 
 and then there was light ! 
 the kitchen mirrors lit up , ringed by bulbs like the mirrors of a fancy star 's dressing table . 
 only in this ordinary setting it all looked so ... fake . 
 i could see myself -- well obviously , they were placed for that purpose -- and stood to attention . 
 still my eyes , eternal spoilers of fun , automatically sought that blighted place , the scar on my hip , my flaw ; my fingers groped in a pocket that was not there for blemish mask . 
 everything stopped . 
 a profound wave rippled through me , as though every nerve were readying itself for action . 
 the scar was gone ! 
 the reflection smiling back at me was of glowing , robust , and most importantly flawless health . 
 i twisted incredulously from side to side to catch every angle . 
 my attraction had increased a thousandfold . 
 flawless skin that exquisitely emphasized and flattered the physical structure beneath . 
 superb muscle groups . 
 the sculpted bone . 
 never mind the overall catlike poise that bespoke my state of mind : supremely balanced and ready . 
 was my enemy prepared to be confronted by such a sight ? 
 this miracle ? 
 i left the mirrors with one last reluctant look . 
 ` oh muttonbird ? ' 
 i crooned as i descended the steps . 
 ` little sparrow , little lamb . 
 are you ready for me ? 
 are you waiting ? ' 
 i stepped into the cold room ready for the final conquest . 
 it broke my heart to see mum . 
 her chair had been turned around so that her back was to me , rejecting me , her own baby . 
 i wanted to rush to her immediately but there was still that other influence in the room , unwholesome . 
 once muttonbird was dealt with mum would be happy to look at me again . 
 happy and grateful . 
 and muttonbird herself , the influence , the enemy ? 
 she lay as still as sleeping beauty , which was a rather grotesque comparison . 
 the bitch was propped by her side , barely squeezing onto the card table . 
 the girl 's pale hand rested possessively on the dog 's broad skull . 
 i could remember countless times i had patted the dog with exactly the same gesture . 
 ` well ? ' 
 muttonbird did not reply . 
 i shook her stiffened form , so afraid and eager for a response that i barely noticed when the bitch rolled off the table with a heavy meaty thud . 
 muttonbird in body was still essentially unchanged , still ugly , still herself . 
 why ? 
 ` why look like that ? ' 
 i demanded . 
 she could obviously change things ; who else was i to attribute the miraculous healing of my scar to ? 
 ` get up . 
 say something . 
 answer me ! 
 i want to know why you look like that . ' 
 i was growing increasingly frustrated . 
 ` what the hell are you ? 
 you 're not like them , ' with a contemptuous flick toward the rest of the world . 
 ` you see me the way i was supposed to be : you see me without the scar . 
 so why are n't you anything like me ? 
 why are n't you beautiful ? ' 
 as before , nothing . 
 never before had i believed in a soul that was truly separate from the body : soul was the body , flesh incarnate . 
 but muttonbird was not here . 
 i grasped her body but there was only emptiness within . 
 crap . 
 i refused to accept that . 
 there had to be some way to reach her in there , some way to provoke a response . 
 even if i had to ignite her hatred . 
 and i suspected i already knew what might work . 
 not hesitantly but eagerly this time i leant forward to kiss her , and now my target was not her forehead but those parted violet lips . 
 it was a mistake . 
 too late i realised it , that my life , the whole thing had been one terrible mistake . 
 the connection between us was deadly and shocking ; muttonbird was the current , and i arced helplessly in it . 
 time whirred meaninglessly around my head like a circling train , a jangling carnival ride without music . 
 we were both in my head , everything was , and my skull groaned with the pressure . 
 the demands on such a finite bone vessel squeezed agony down my spine . 
 my muscles contracted spasmodically , tearing me free of physical contact but muttonbird stayed with me , riding in my head . 
 ` ah ! ' 
 the exclamation was forced out of me like a cork -- there had to be some outlet or i would explode . 
 dimly i understood my ears were bleeding : warmth trickled down the sides of my head and dripped off my jaw . 
 muttonbird was here . 
 stuffed inside me with all of her ungainly weight , she laughed in my bloodied ears . 
 her flesh was over there , and yet she was here ! 
 somehow she had transcended flesh , outlived its pitiable death . 
 somehow she was more perfect that i could ever be . 
 with a wretched cry my fingers found my hip and knew that the scar had returned . 
 ` how ? 
 how ? ' 
 have you ever taken a pair of scissors , muttonbird asked , gloating , and then run the open blades over your hand ? 
 do you wonder what prevents you from lopping off a finger , or even a whole bunch of them if you like ? 
 ` no , ' i whimpered . 
 ` it would ruin me . ' 
 then how come i could do it , if i wanted ? 
 muttonbird whispered to me like a confidante , a lover . 
 simon , do n't tell me you physically ca n't manage something that i could do . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 nothing stops you . 
 no force steps forward to stay your hand , nothing prevents you except yourself . 
 you are the flaw standing in your own way . 
 practically blind with the pressure behind my eyes i groped about , not needing much vision to locate what i was after . 
 the same orange handled scissors that i had used on muttonbird 's clothes so long ago . 
 her body lay serene , but her voice clamoured in my head . 
 flawed , flawed ! 
 ` there 's no way you 're better than me ! 
 i know how to do it now . ' 
 i had to wiggle her finger from side to side to free it from position . 
 sssnip , muttonbird hissed . 
 the blades glinted to either side . 
 it took all my force , all of my great strength to get them to close . 
 should have used shears , one of us thought abstractedly . 
 finally they came home . 
 muttonbird 's frozen digit clattered like marble when it hit the floor . 
 clack . 
 one single blue nail orphaned from the others . 
 i picked it up and stuck it in my mouth like a cigar . 
 ` not so clever now , are you ? ' 
 i did it . 
 told you i could . 
 now prove yourself . 
 ` i 'll cut the flaw out of my flesh ! ' 
 i whispered fervently in muttonbird 's ear , spitting her finger away . 
 my own fingers , my ten wonderful strong uncut fingers , shifted until i held the scissors clenched by one orange handle and a blade . 
 held like that they made a crude knife . 
 ` i 'll make myself every bit as good as you . 
 i 'll make myself perfect . ' 
 the blade was bluntish . 
 initially the flesh of my hip resisted as though it were made of rubber . 
 i whimpered and sobbed as i hacked at the scar , but persisted . 
 eventually the ugly pink skin was free in my hand . 
 at that point a cruel fog seemed to lift from my eyes . 
 i gagged in horror at the damage i had done myself . 
 perhaps , i thought desperately , getting back to work , there was still time to make it right . 
 time to cut the damage itself out . 
 i stabbed and scraped feverishly , bigger and bigger plugs of wobbly flesh to remove the growing hole . 
 i exposed the white twist of bone . 
 shocked sweat ran into the blood . 
 i cut , gibbering , until fluids made the scissors slippery and they squirted from my hand . 
 without any direction from me my legs did an astonishing thing and both decided to go to sleep at once . 
 i hit the floor thrashing in my own liquid , utterly flabbergasted . 
 what on earth was wrong with my legs ? 
 adding to my confusion i felt my bowels and bladder relax . 
 all the stinking mixed vitals that my wonderful body could produce filled the cold room . 
 my bewildered mewl was dampened in the enclosed space . 
 ` muttonbird ? ' 
 no answer . 
 'm uttonbird ? ' 
 and in a smaller voice . 
 ` mum ? ' 
 why was it getting so cold ? 
 the comfortable chill of the cold room had given way to something deeper and more penetrating . 
 i could feel the spark of warmth leeching from my very bones . 
 where was it going ? 
 even the pool i sat in felt warmer than i was . 
 my final liquid to give up , tears , came dropping down my face . 
 was this how mum felt , locked in the cold room all day ? 
 and then mum moved . 
 slowly at first , she went with the slow blind wonder of a baby 's first stirring in the womb . 
 her body unfurled in the chair like a fern until she sat upright . 
 her head moved , gently seeking . 
 turned . 
 although joy and fear raged in my heart i could feel the rest of me slipping further and further away from that soft tumultuous organ , and i was without the strength to reach for it . 
 only loneliness , my lifelong companion , stayed with me . 
 its bitterness was overwhelming . 
 mum 's eyes , focussing slowly , fixed me with a beautiful , terrible clarity . 
 but then i lost them . 
 it seemed that after all this time , i would be the one to leave her . 
 ` alone ? ' 
 i tried to whimper , but the sound would not come . 
 ` am i going alone ? ' 
 for once , i would not have to . 
 as the sun came up outside and i fell into night , the last thing i saw with dimming eyes was muttonbird 's face . 
 she came to embrace me . 
 i 'm sure she was smiling . 
 it was a hateful smile , but better than nothing at all . 
 only skin ten the view of the common herd two plainclothes policemen fidgeted in the stone cellar , rubbing irritably at the gooseflesh on their bare arms . 
 the coroner had insisted they keep the doors shut until the bodies could be removed , seeing as the pervasive cold had preserved them so well . 
 but now all doors in the house stood open , and the chill was slowly dispersing . 
 ` christ , bob . ' 
 hank stuck his hands in his pockets . 
 all that remained to the cellar was a chair , a pole with some cable coiled loosely on the floor at its base , and two card tables folded neatly against the wall . 
 even so , he did not like the place a damn bit . 
 ` this sort of crazy shit happens in the city , not way down here . 
 folk down here are decent , you know ? ' 
 bob shook his head in pained agreement . 
 ` you get a look at that dead dog in the guy 's bed ? 
 that is sick . 
 very , very sick . ' 
 a sticky defrosting patch in the centre of the room had recently been red ice , and bob 's eyes wandered over it uneasily . 
 hank leaned forward in the eternal pose of a conspirator . 
 ` did you see him ? ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` elvis , santa , who do you think ? 
 that guy who cut himself up . 
 did you see his face ? ' 
 ` not really . 
 if you 'll recall , i was out front with the others having to shoot that bloody pack of feral crazy dogs while you `` stood guard '' in here . 
 which , i might mention , was after we found that woman the dogs ran down . ' 
 ` you nearly pissed yourself ... ' ` i nearly bloody trod in her ! ' 
 ` bloody would have been right . ' 
 ` do you mind ? ' 
 on one hand bob had recovered enough to stop screaming about it now , but on the other he could still taste nausea and fright at the back of his throat . 
 ` was the big dog that did it all , i 'll bet ; that bastard with the white foot . 
 he was the first to charge us , and the others just followed along . 
 that animal handler from the pound went off in an ambulance , him and his stupid stick . ' 
 ` no offence , but serves that nutbag right . 
 who tries to talk to dumb nasty animals like that ? 
 the white-footed brute had a go at the windows while i was walking ` round the house . ' 
 hank laughed nervously . 
 ` thought he might actually bust through and get me , for a while there . 
 luckily you guys came ` round the side when you did ; he quit to go after you . ' 
 ` you 're welcome , ' bob said sourly . 
 ` but that cut up guy . 
 i tell you , it 's no wonder nobody suspected him over the missing people . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` well . ' 
 hank paused . 
 he had a finely tuned , much inflated sense of the dramatic . 
 ` you 'd expect a freak like that to look different . 
 some hint of what he 's capable of , makes you think hey , this guy 's not like the rest of us . 
 you know , something not quite right that sets your instincts off . ' 
 ` yeah , i guess . ' 
 ` this guy was so everyday and ordinary that you would n't pick him in a crowd . 
 to the rest of the world , he probably never even existed . ' 
 if you enjoyed only skin , please read on for the first chapter of bp gregory 's newest novel outermen . 
 outermen one -lrb- prologue one -rrb- work out what they want , fast as you can i stood beside my sister the day the capsule launched , front and centre . 
 but only under dire threat of never hearing the end of forsaking her to wade alone , knee deep in the idealists and freaks . 
 perhaps that 's how everyone finds themselves washed up on the shores of historic events , bedraggled and spitting out seaweed . 
 the solemn witnesses elected by a mash of obligation , familial guilt and simple rote chance . 
 it would n't blow my tiny mind one bit . 
 although that said , there were an awful lot of people that day . 
 around angela and i a huge crowd had assembled out in the warm morning light . 
 recklessly grouped into an identifiable public package , might as well slap a ribbon on it . 
 you would n't catch the like of it these days ! 
 all of us to a man squinting hopefully up at the coral dawn , as it blushed its slow way across the shell overhead . 
 all of us looking like jerks . 
 threshold station was , of course , far too high up to see with the naked eye . 
 clamped firmly to the surface of the shell itself . 
 we were there because the capsule , that tiny engineered bubble of safety , would be the first manned vehicle to ever venture outside the shell that encircled our world . 
 who would n't want to say they 'd waved it on its way ? 
 for the first time as a scrabbling , bickering species we stood united . 
 every sodding person on the planet looked up today and whispered the same question , whether it be in awe , greed , or terror . 
 what 's out there ? 
 answers were sure to be forthcoming , ready or not . 
 the mixed crowd made an odd enough collective , from all walks of life ; but social humanity delights in kicking down , so we counted our fortune that the real crazies stayed a long way off . 
 it would only take one to really arse-up the mood . 
 but you would n't catch sight of them within bare kilometres of the dirt beneath threshold . 
 could n't drag ` em near with chains . 
 only last year , a show went belly-up on a concept i 'm sure they thought was pure shiny awesome at the time . 
 they went ferreting out nutters and tempting them with such basic human rights as , say , housing . 
 food . 
 top of the line healthcare , let 's fix those rotting teeth of yours . 
 and all they had to do to earn these wonders was spend a single night on camera , cowering in threshold 's ominous shadow . 
 other than a presenter needing stitches to patch his pretty face , as you can imagine the debacle went nowhere . 
 funny how miserable fear was like that . 
 i 'm sure the phobics would n't be rooting through garbage and stewing in their own piss if they could stand to do anything about it . 
 so at least the weird unease of knowing threshold lurked overhead kept the neighbourhood neat . 
 an improvement you did n't appreciate unless you flipped on the news to flinch from what anti-capsule chaos and placard waving engulfed the rest of the world . 
 i appreciated the ever-loving crap out of it . 
 a peace and quiet girl from way back . 
 it was the only good reason to live here . 
 i had n't planned on attending , which angela sodding well knew when she phoned me out of the blue . 
 not a peep on it , but with the ease of practice i 'd been able to hear my dear sister 's brains bubbling so hot the accusation scorched down the line . 
 just whose side are you on , anyhow , cathy ? 
 ha . 
 like that warranted an answer . 
 there was only one side . 
 and if there 's no merciless pressuring of your own flesh and blood to back your stupendously worst call , well , then there were n't any sodding sides left at all , were there ? 
 just a great mass of cold , lonely folk . 
 all bumping around together in the dark . 
 besides , pending the capsule 's return and my sister 's hasty nuptials , angela and i would remain the entirety of each others ' worlds . 
 so little time . 
 over our lifetime i 'd never imagined there 'd suddenly be so little of it . 
 but it could have been worse , i suppose . 
 imagine my breathless relief when every reputable officiator , and all the less dubious ones had been apologetically booked solid right up to the launch . 
 angela 's , it seemed , was far from the only ill-considered union spurred to fruition by the prospect of the future . 
 married or not , circulating awkwardly amongst the crowd 's rabid enthusiasts like a leavening effect were a handful of folk just like angela and i . 
 the half-proud , half-embarrassed significant others of those thirty on board the capsule . 
 those at the heart of all the fuss . 
 some of these other odd ducks had dressed to the nines , but with our nondescript clothes and expressive smirks we identified like a secret society : hey , it 's ok , we 're legit too . 
 but look at these groupies ! 
 can you believe all this ? 
 it was by far the warmest simpatico i 'd ever embraced . 
 somebody 's kid impacted my knees , bumping my thoughts loose . 
 shrieking preschoolers flocked about the gathering 's lower strata , in funny little home-concocted helmets that 'd clearly started life as cereal boxes . 
 without peripheral vision they knocked awkwardly into strangers and each other . 
 i sure hoped their parents could tell which from which , when it came time to haul them off home . 
 the driveway was far too late to exasperatedly yank the helmet off and discover you 'd got it horribly wrong . 
 the costumes were a sweet way to laud the thirty ... well , i guess you could say those strapped into the capsule were a type of explorer . 
 just like in the good old days of undiscovered shorelines . 
 idealists in pantaloons , casting off rashly in their dinky little tubs , with no worldly idea of what to be ready for . 
 imagine their sour disappointment ; setting foot to a new frontier 's soil , only to discover the same stultifying minds everywhere . 
 stuffing every corner of the globe : folk who no more wished their horizons broadened than those left back home . 
 although sometimes with a more brusque way of showing it . 
 injury to insult . 
 the most frequent accolade those early entrepreneurs garnered was to be lashed to a stake and char-grilled . 
 the agonising flame set with their own incriminating , lovingly inked maps . 
 their last vision being of that incandescent line creeping through cerulean seas , the ochre contours of deserts and high flinty mountains , leaving the world nothing but ash . 
 problem solved . 
 setting off in an arguably more hopeful clime , our modern conquistadors had been dubbed `` the outermen . '' 
 so far as i could see , it was mainly to give this celebratory crowd something to print on their t-shirts . 
 but they needed a name . 
 after all , outermen stood way above boring , snoring grunts such as you or i. outermen were heroes . 
 thirty bright , shining heroes that the media beamed relentlessly into every second of our day until folk lost their bearings in the sea of celebration and plum forgot to go to work , tricked into thinking life a holiday . 
 there were the interviews , a slew of endorsements -lrb- and what were sneakers to do with outside , anyhow ? 
 did you even need shoes beyond the shell ? -rrb- . 
 even the time-honoured medium of an outerman jingle , popular in the crippling tedium of the school band circuit . 
 i wondered when `` outerman '' was likely to pop up on the income tax form 's immense scrolling list of occupations . 
 it was an annual treat , that list . 
 trolling through , and realising anew just how hideously boring one 's life was . 
 up until recently there 'd been no such word as outerman . 
 it certainly did n't exist when i was born . 
 but now they ; `` they '' being the public en mass , which tended to blunt any pricks of intellect , were marching about trumpeting how mankind stood poised to become a brave new name . 
 to rule a bold new era . 
 in short , it was nigh-impossible for the most disinterested or even overwhelmed party to block the glittering spectacle out . 
 or a fearful one . 
 and while outside used to be merely another country , humanity 's fearful paranoia had never really grown up . 
 it was something you could particularly feel in big groups . 
 the urge to burn the evidence and make it all go away had merely thickened and deepened . 
 until under this new pressure of the capsule program bursting onto the scene , some poor sods 'd snapped so badly they could no longer keep pace with life . 
 sometimes they scrabbled for purchase for a while but always , eventually , they fled . 
 accumulating miserably where the dregs of society have always washed up , a sort of scum around the drain . 
 our world was poised for change . 
 ready to bloom outward . 
 those who could n't manage would have to content themselves with being left behind . 
 the hard truth was , nobody cared two short cuts for anyone unable to hack it . 
 those lacking sympathetic support from family or friends slipped gently through the cracks . 
 they were going off the grid , where you were rarely troubled to look at them . 
 the screws were the only ones who stood resolutely by those who did n't feel so brave . 
 they 'd pegged this whole venture as foolish , right from the beginning . 
 they shook their collected heads sorrowfully at such dangerous romanticism . 
 but in all honesty nobody wanted the screws on their side . 
 oh , people feared outside , they had that right . 
 deeply , viscerally so . 
 part of the outermen 's mystique was the way they had been rigidly fortified against such terror . 
 when the time came , when they actually arrived outside they 'd need to accomplish better than simple hysterical screaming . 
 they 'd need to buck up and prove what humanity could do . 
 the screws maintained this was all folly . 
 mankind would never be ready for outside because it was n't a natural thing to strive to overcome normal , healthy fear . 
 fear was what made us who we are . 
 in fact , while they were at it why should humanity long to `` overcome '' anything ? 
 what was wrong with being human ? 
 humanity was marvellous -- something we 'd realise with a foolish grin , once we got over worrying what we should and should n't be . 
 so , the screws ' argument was that we ought to aim to be as human as possible . 
 and then , with that on board , why would you even bother with outside ? 
 after all , there ai n't nothing beyond the shell . 
 we do n't have to impress anyone . 
 trying to be better than we were could only lead to failure , despair , and neurosis . 
 the screws ' pessimism aside everybody -lrb- and in this context , `` everybody '' stood on par with `` they '' -rrb- knew that the clever , almost autonomous capsule reeled out there on its thick cable was only the first . 
 in a few years we 'd see thousands of such habitats played out into the dark like lures , far beyond the shell 's embrace . 
 lines of them exploding from our world like puffballs . 
 if there was anything to be found out there , we 'd find it . 
 and if not , well , then we 'd fill it , would n't we ? 
 faces in the crowd grinned goofily at one another , or to nobody in particular , proud and patriotic almost despite themselves . 
 there was something intoxicating about being swept up in the moment . 
 a part of something greater and sure . 
 perhaps this was why people felt drawn to historic events . 
 this chance to feel more than what life allowed . 
 it likely also explained why irresistible forces of nature like my sister were so adored . 
 she stood beside me like a bright figurehead , shading her eyes . 
 the gleam in her long , extraordinary strawberry blond hair transformed her into a pale icon of dazzling light . 
 when it came to any attention , let alone such rabid public adoration , angela 's fiancé michael was the man to come scrambling shamelessly to lap it up . 
 like a big dumb retriever knocking clumsily through the room , overturning furniture , and all for a pat on the head . 
 no modest bowing to the whimsies of fate for him , which was how all twenty-nine of the other sodding outermen graciously handled it . 
 oh no . 
 michael formir fully expected other diners to be bundled from the restaurant still clutching their forks , to furnish him with an instant table . 
 and the cheque gratis to boot ! 
 he 'd explode with outrage if they dared ask payment -- i nearly died of shame to witness it . 
 in the swollen cocksure world-according-to-michael , all this hysteria was no more than his due , finally coming home to roost . 
 angela stubbornly propped up his case through a stinging haze of oxytocin . 
 well why not ? 
 surely those brave enough to shoulder the risk for everybody deserve a little fucking kudos . 
 the warm biochemical deluge made her clutch at any straw to justify her fiancé 's outlandish ego , which could fill a stadium on its own . 
 anything to avoid toppling the idol . 
 the larger-than-life effigy she 'd erected inside her head . 
 which was pretty much how my sister dealt with everyone . 
 either you were like the rest of the herd , a snore to be dismissed out of hand , or she built you into something bigger and brighter than anyone had business being . 
 and if you knew what was good for you , you 'd perform . 
 michael sure took to it like a pig in shit . 
 for myself , i could n't help feeling there was a lot to be said for the safe anonymity of snoredom . 
 among the blizzard of flags i made it my business to clap and wave along with the rest . 
 even when angela shot me a scathing look like i was a big fat dork , and she was sorry she 'd ever brought me . 
 i was more worried about the chance of screws scattered throughout the crowd . 
 i tried to keep an eye out for anyone scribbling notes . 
 keen whiskered weasels , on the sniff for anybody not throwing themselves wildly into the moment . 
 for people suppressing things . 
 they 'd want to have a very serious chat to you about that . 
 someplace private and searingly bright . 
 where every layer could be stripped free . 
 but then again , perhaps not . 
 i 've been paranoid from way back , and the shade of fear often distorts simple memory into something monstrous . 
 screws were n't such a big thing back in the day . 
 if they did pounce on someone in the crowd , the worst you 'd face was a lecture and a pamphlet . 
 still , to my credit , following the disaster i was the only one not wearing my shocked face when the screws came out on top . 
 it could n't have been better orchestrated for their rise . 
 and once entrenched in power , they could do as they liked , could n't they ? 
 it 's only low status that corrals one within the bounds of decency . 
 with a stifled bellow the capsule shuddered . 
 as one we all flinched back , and then coherency broke apart in nervous titters and whispers . 
 the mighty engines needed to reach the shell were raring to throw off the constraints that protected the frail outermen inside . 
 keen , in the way of combustion , to throw off all bounds of functionality , to become a glorious freed explosion . 
 far more could have been achieved in half the time , of course , using automated probes and the like . 
 but sitting on the sidelines watching a screen would never satisfy humanity . 
 sod our drive to get in there and stir the guts with our own hands before we 'd concede that anything might dare be real . 
 beautiful in the dawn , angela only had eyes for the roaring capsule . 
 but i watched her . 
 there were tears welling , which was getting to be quite the tradition where her relationship was concerned . 
 they broke and spilled down her cheeks , emphasising the purity of her face to such a degree that people either side gazed at her in awe . 
 i really could n't blame anyone for coveting my sister . 
 she was angela , anyone would love her . 
 fierce . 
 bold . 
 sharp enough to slice a straight razor in two . 
 but i recognised michael 's sort , and would 've vastly preferred he 'd kept his sodding urges to himself . 
 at least to the extent the useless git was capable of feelings , beyond making kissy-face to himself in a mirror . 
 wishful thinking , i know . 
 such jerks could never keep anything to themselves . 
 they had to spread it around , foul up the water for everyone . 
 respecting my sister 's adult decisions was one thing . 
 but how on earth could i wish michael on anyone ? 
 unfortunately , the one time i sat angela down and tried to lay it all out over lunch was n't one of my prouder moments . 
 in slow motion things rapidly degenerated into a farce of the grandest scale , i could n't have done worse if i 'd tried . 
 angela merely waited , silent and stony-faced , so i could appreciate the melodic sound of hanging myself . 
 all the incriminating fragments that 'd meshed so seamlessly in my brain tumbled out piecemeal . 
 what did i hear ? 
 neurotic chunks of baseless resentment . 
 whining . 
 and we got together so seldom these days . 
 why was i ruining a perfectly good meal ? 
 eventually i gave up and meandered to a pointless halt , defeated , and dreadfully sorry i 'd ever started . 
 ignored , our soup was cooling on the table between us , with a big plate of crusty bread neither of us had touched . 
 but after spending all morning painstakingly roasting the sting out of garlic and sweating chunks of sweet potato into buttery melting goodness , i found dread left no room for appetite . 
 angela made sure i was good and done . 
 which i was , shamefacedly . 
 well fatguts , you brought this on yourself . 
 then she took a deep , measured breath and raked me with one of her matter-of-fact looks . 
 with her jaded eyes that knew how the world was wired . 
 those eyes sneered : i 've got your number , cathy . 
 you 'd better fucking believe it . 
 better than anyone , i know what you 're about . 
 which made my face burn , which i hated . 
 she only brought it out when she was right on the sodding money and about to tell you all about it . 
 ` cathy , hon , i get that you have this `` thing '' against lying . 
 and i 'm sure it sounds all noble and pure within that thick skull of yours , but it should n't automatically translate into blurting out everything you see as the truth . 
 ` just for a second , try entertaining the idea that your truth is n't the be-all for the entire world . 
 otherwise you 'll just keep making yourself look as foolish as you did then . ' 
 despite my best efforts my face was tightening into offended immobility . 
 and angela did know me better than anyone , no fibbing there . 
 she softened a bit , reconfigured her approach . 
 ` look , seeing as you never have anything nice to say anyhow , i 'm not implying you should make shit up or anything . 
 but it would n't kill you to keep things a bit closer to your chest . 
 you know . 
 just on the vague off chance someday you might be wrong . ' 
 her expressive lips quirked , daring me to join her in a smile . 
 ends of her long hair in her soup . 
 it was a difficult invite to resist ; by then , i just wanted out of the whole miserable topic . 
 ` i guess i could give that a go , ' i mumbled . 
 ` especially seeing as the only thing you fancy less than lying is arguing , ' she added archly . 
 ` best keep yourself well clear of both . 
 i wo n't always be around to do it for you , now , will i ? ' 
 ah . 
 so that 's what this pep talk was really all about . 
 i was getting my due warning that following her joyous nuptials , keeping me out of trouble would no longer be angela 's sisterly duty . 
 that 's it , time to be a grownup , fatguts . 
 cough up those ideals you ca n't really afford . 
 angela nodded briskly as though i 'd come to agreement merely by sitting and staring sullenly at the table . 
 such conflict had never bothered her , she throve on it . 
 anything to keep the excitement flowing . 
 even now it pinkened her cheeks . 
 ` now hurry up and eat your lunch . 
 it 's getting cold . ' 
 out of options , i choked it down meekly like a good girl . 
 slowly , a column of grade-a pollution pushed the capsule on its way up to the shell . 
 to threshold station , where they had dared to cut a hole in our sky . 
 it was all so far above our heads that the naked eye could n't pick anything out . 
 not even a speck on the beautiful morning that unfurled across the shell 's inner curve . 
 yet stop to ask anyone on the street , and they 'd turn and point confidently to threshold . 
 invariably incorrectly , but that did n't prevent every human being on earth being convinced of their native ability to just feel where the shell had been violated . 
 i ought to have been swept up in the excitement , all of these people hollering and waving their arms in the air , dancing around , embracing strangers . 
 instead i could n't help wondering if we 'd all be stuck breathing the capsule 's filthy launch-exhaust forever , endlessly recycled around . 
 or if , when threshold opened its trapdoor to outside , the stink was likely to rise and leak away through the hole . 
 memory being a traitorous beast , i was thrust for a moment back amongst the vivid fears that 'd piled on when they first began cutting through the shell . 
 doubtless i was n't the only one to have endured bad dreams . 
 but to awaken sweat-soaked and trembling is a special sort of nightmare when you live alone . 
 you have to push it from your mind as fast as possible . 
 brighten up the place with clatter and noise . 
 you absolutely ca n't afford your home to become infested by a creeping dread of the dark -- you 'd never be able to live there anymore . 
 i did n't dream of strange whispering voices , not like angela . 
 things that get inside your skull and start gnawing . 
 i recall when we were little she was particularly prone to vivid dreams and sleepwalking : the voices , always with the voices . 
 at first they only exasperated her with their refusal to shut up , although fear followed quickly after . 
 that would all be michael 's problem now . 
 i dreamt of suffocation . 
 during those exhausting months while they worked away at threshold , my nights were all stifling nightmares . 
 dreams where they broke through the shell , and all our air promptly leaked away . 
 the whole world . 
 like a low-flying aeroplane my dream eye would zoom everywhere and it was always the same thing . 
 i saw everyone forced choking to their knees in a scrabbling panic . 
 clawing at their blue faces . 
 and then face-down in the dust . 
 a few managed to run , to seal themselves in buildings but their deaths only came slower . 
 and all because of no greater malice than the curiosity and hubris of a few careless people . 
 the most horrible part was how for all their desperation , nobody was able to help or comfort a single person they loved . 
 not their partners , writhing beside them on the ground . 
 nor children convulsing and weeping just beyond arm 's reach . 
 everybody died alone , within the closed-off ramparts of self . 
 i remember holding my breath and trying with what was left of my hoarded air to phone angela . 
 the very best i could manage was to collapse flat in the kitchen , like a flan dropped on tile . 
 the sound of the dial tone went away with the air . 
 my poor sister would be so scared , and i could n't even tell her i loved her . 
 when i woke each morning i almost picked up the phone , before remembering that angela was n't waking alone . 
 eventually the construction up at threshold stopped , and so did my dreams . 
 i 'd forgotten about them until now . 
 suddenly i felt short of breath , and dizzy enough to miss my balance . 
 i stared up , along with everyone else , through a forest of waving arms that seemed to stutter and strobe against the bright sky . 
 up , up the inside of the shell . 
 so terrifyingly huge and far away . 
 what right did humanity have , to be messing with something so immense ? 
 so incredibly beyond us ? 
 was i having a panic attack ? 
 my fears certainly were n't rational . 
 everybody already knew there was air outside . 
 but then , why did the outermen wear helmets ? 
 why would the shell exist at all unless we needed it ? 
 a scientist would doubtless know , an expert . 
 me , i was merely a scared , ignorant person . 
 staring wide-eyed up at the sky with sweat rolling down my face while the crowd crashed and surged around me . 
 exactly the credulous everyday breed that politicians love , and the science-folk hate with a passion . 
 in her impatient way , angela used to comfort me over shit like this when we were very small . 
 oh for goodness ' sake , be brave cathy ! 
 i was often too timid to try this or do that , to go on the adventures she craved . 
 now she stood right beside me and i could n't even open my mouth . 
 my chest hurt . 
 i pushed on it with both hands , trying to remind my lungs they had a sodding job to do . 
 in my current state of dreamy panic , boobs came as an odd surprise . 
 i 'd recalled being a cowardly kid so vividly , it felt like only yesterday . 
 the good old days , when my chest 'd been flat as a pancake and i 'd been free to toddle around wearing whatever i pleased . 
 fairy wings to dinner . 
 a superhero cape . 
 even a cereal box on my head ? 
 that brought a smile , and thankfully the band of constriction eased . 
 once the capsule had lifted beyond sight , there was n't much left to celebrate . 
 talk about a comedown . 
 a last few hurrahs shivered through the mass , before petering out awkwardly . 
 there was no longer enough group identity to hold it all together . 
 even those most enthused to keep the rush going gradually dropped their waving hands , and reluctantly returned to being individuals . 
 a fresh breeze began sweeping away the launch 's stink , stirring angela 's bright hair about her thin shoulders . 
 this was why inspiring films always roll credits at the summit of triumph . 
 once the ordinary folk have enjoyed their three cheers , everyday life must come creeping back to fill the void . 
 nobody wants to find themselves watching that . 
 people glanced uncertainly to the milling strangers either side , restless for a cue as to what to do next . 
 and finally , my sister looked away from the sky , wiping her eyes . 
 the very last to do so . 
 angela hurried for nobody , and was never at a loss -- in the unlikely event she ever might be , i 'm sure she 'd fake it so brilliantly nobody could claim to tell the difference . 
 when she turned to face me sadness was tucked away in whatever pocket she stashed it , and her game-face was cranked to maximum . 
 all flawless confidence and smiles . 
 ` so , what do you reckon , cathy ? 
 coffee next ? ' 
 ` and bacon ! ' 
 neither of us had stopped for breakfast , the key difference being my sister could ill afford further weight loss . 
 she 'd eat , if i had to sit there and pipe it down her neck like a frail baby bird . 
 women stack on weight when happy and confident in their relationship . 
 they metamorphose into a sort of walking advertisement of content , all cuddly and curvy and smiley . 
 what they do n't do is whittle helplessly down to pallid skin and quick , angular movements . 
 a grin so thin you can see through to the other side . 
 angela , so brilliant in other matters , had quite simply picked the wrong man . 
 and she was the only one who could n't stand to admit it , which was a cruel shame . 
 even should you turn a wilfully blind eye to it , the truth remains true . 
 it 's stubborn like that . 
 truth was , in fact , everything . 
 your ability to accept what was true in the world dictated whether you grappled with reality on its own terms , or retreated to fanciful dreams like a child with hands over its face . 
 huddled on the floor with blocking , negating palms pressed against your ears , la la la , i ca n't hear you . 
 a fist crammed down your throat . 
 i was dead right , and as impossible as it would have been , i ought to have insisted on it somehow . 
 but instead , i kept my big trap shut on the matter , exactly as dear angela commanded . 
 she strode off in search of breakfast , and i trailed obediently along in her wake . 
 `` i was the man at the beach . 
 i have a name , and it is not god . '' 
 written as a youthful love-tribute to the city and its surrounds , horror novelette only skin is also available in print . 
 for more information , more stories or to stay in touch for new releases follow bp gregory on twitter , facebook , or visit the website at http://www.popgoesthebrainstem.com also by bp gregory novels outermen automatons only skin short stories terry the self made man economy stow glory submerged mould strangers the elevator story drive what a view follow promise commitment it 's all about the love the man 's heart short story collections orotund -- collected short stories volume two cacophony -- collected short stories volume one new novel coming soon something for everything a sky without a sun . 
 a world with no universe . 
 mankind 's one and only attempt at greatness left society irreparably warped , inheritors to a legacy of fear . 
 bland normality now to cath who lost everything in the bargain , even coffee . 
 but she 's not going to get to cower in her quiet life much longer . 
 the man who unleashed it all thinks he can change everyone 's destiny , for better this time . 
 and willing or not he 'll need catherine to do it . 
 perhaps the world ended , and we brought it on ourselves . 
 but only joyce noticed the whimper . 
 and she might just be tits-out crazy . 
 along with smarmy sam , life 's impossible tourist , a trucker 's death draws joyce down the last highway into the desert 's beating heart . 
 and at the judgment day diner they will be caught up in a maelstrom of adultery , lies and hidden violence . 
 intended for adult readers , automatons is a stripping bare of the ways people stumble blindly down the same old paths , and how we find it so much easier to be humane to our technology rather than each other . 
 a suite of short science fiction , fantasy and horror stories by bp gregory , each its own little maelstrom of human suffering and longing . 
 writer and avid reader , the author was always an oddment to justify the most terrible things . 
 with such tales , you should n't always feel comfortable or safe . 
 horror ! 
 sci-fi ! 
 all manner of strange happenings ! 
 writer and avid reader , bp gregory was always the sort of oddment compelled to justify even the most terrible things . 
 with such tales , you should n't always feel comfortable or safe . 
 for more information , more stories or to stay in touch for new releases follow bp gregory on twitter , facebook , or visit the website at http://www.popgoesthebrainstem.com 
