 in a season of dead weather by mark fuller dillon smashwords edition cover designed and drawn by tragelaphus . 
 copyright 2013 mark fuller dillon smashwords edition license notes : this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 this book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 table of contents lamia dance never noticed , never there shadows in the sunrise when the echo hates the voice who would remain ? 
 the weight of its awareness the vast impatience of the night acknowledgements ***** lamia dance on a cold november night when i was eighteen years old , i went with several students to a run-down movie house , and rediscovered the truth about myself : the truth i had long hoped to conceal . 
 on that night , when we stepped out of the wind and into the grimy , dark-paneled lobby of the cinema , i was already unsure of my decision to tag along . 
 the need had driven me -- the need , and a sense of being trapped within the laboratories and lecture halls of university routine . 
 for seven days a week , i studied ; i lacked the time for anything else . 
 and i certainly lacked the money ; only my scholarship had allowed me to attend classes in the first place ; only my grants had allowed me a tiny room in residence and the two meals a day that left me constantly hungry by nightfall . 
 so when i learned about the foreign cinema club and the movie house that offered substantial discounts to university students , i decided -- against my better judgment -- to hide myself within a crowd . 
 i came to realize my mistake as soon as i entered the lobby with the twenty or so fellow-students . 
 as one of the few unattached people in a crowd of couples , i had felt exposed and isolated on the long walk through the stabbing wind to the movie house ; but once in the lobby , i began to feel as well that old anxiety that always hit me whenever i stood on the verge of watching a film . 
 the reek of popcorn butter and dusty carpet , the shadows in the corners , the faded posters sagging on the mottled walls -- everything reminded me of how uncomfortable i had always felt in cinemas . 
 as the others stood in groups and chattered in open , friendly ways , i began to feel like a cast-off anatomical skeleton propped up within a long winter coat . 
 to conceal my discomfort , i wandered toward a series of smudged glass frames on the wall , where information on the short films to be screened that night was posted . 
 directors and actors were detailed in page after page of text , but there were no pictures , no mention of storylines , no indication of what the films were actually about . 
 the only clues offered were exotic titles that meant nothing to me . 
 as i stared at one of them -- lamia dance -- i felt the sudden presence of a young man at my side . 
 `` that 's a poor translation , '' he said . 
 `` they 're not really lamiae . 
 they 're something else ... something even better . '' 
 `` i would n't know , '' i said , in a voice far too weak and tremulous . 
 `` i do n't know a thing about films . '' 
 then i stared helplessly at the faded crimson carpet spotted black with ancient grime and starred with scattered popcorn salt , until i felt him move away from me and back into the crowd . 
 finally , armed with ticket stubs , tall cups of soda-pop , and striped cartons of popcorn , the students filed into the theatre . 
 i tagged along and sat hesitantly in a seat right beside the aisle , from where i could see the others ease out of their bulky coats and jackets : beautiful young people , shedding unwanted and unnecessary shields . 
 the man in front of me , having laughed at some comment from his warm and lovely girlfriend as she unwound her scarf , glanced at me , huddled in my thick coat , and said , `` you know , you really should take that off , or else you 'll get used to the heat ... and then you 'll freeze on the way home tonight . '' 
 i smiled back and shrugged off my coat , pretending that my shields , too , were unnecessary . 
 yet i wondered how anyone could call a university home . 
 did he find it so easy there , to blend right in ? 
 for the next few minutes , my stomach trembled from a combination of hunger and the need . 
 i stared at the frozen ripples of dim light on the scarlet curtains straight ahead , at the curved lamps glowing like pale subterranean toadstools on the angled walls , and realized once again how ill at ease i felt in cinemas . 
 i knew the reason why , but whenever that reason bubbled up into memory i turned aside with firm resolve and listened to the clever , relaxed conversations all around me . 
 i reminded myself that i had come here to hide within a crowd ; and then the curtains parted , the voices died , the darkness fell and covered me . 
 a beam of light stabbed the darkness , and a faded blue title card appeared on the screen : short subject . 
 the man ahead of me turned to his girlfriend and whispered a name or a word that eluded me ; it sounded vaguely slavonic . 
 blackness followed ; then another beam stabbed out , and letters indecipherable to me , cyrillic perhaps , crawled across a slowly turning vortex of magenta , scarlet , blue and purple . 
 despite the apparent age of the print , with its occasional spray of speckles and its occasional flickering scratch , the colours were unfaded , deeply saturated and vibrant . 
 the man ahead of me whispered something about 1940s technicolor . 
 with the credits over , the vortex faded to black . 
 then a faint light appeared : i seemed to float through a black tunnel of forest or jungle growth , through a complex network of leaves and branches writhing in the wind and silhouetted against a crimson glow in the darkness up ahead . 
 the tunnel mouth widened , and suddenly i drifted free above a jagged plain of black volcanic rock beneath a twisting sky of slate-grey thunderclouds . 
 for seconds at a time , the clouds took on a deep crimson glow from a hidden sunset , only to fade once more into lifeless greys . 
 but then a tower loomed above the plain , swelled and lengthened as i raced toward it ; when the sunlight struck , the tower glowed like a furnace coal , impossibly present against the blackened sky . 
 at the base of the tower i began to rise , and passed several storeys wound like the coils of a serpent around a high pillar . 
 each level bristled with elaborate stone carvings ; they reminded me of serpent heads thrust into the sky with jaws agape ... and at that point , i began to feel the slow uncurling of anxiety deep in the pit of my stomach : i had seen this film before . 
 my fear increased as the music crept in , rose above the moaning wind and drowned it out with the deep bass clangour of distant gongs ; i knew that music all too well . 
 by now i had risen to the peak and to a circling , vertiginous view of serpent jaws bristling high above the plain . 
 as the furnace glow of sunset faded , a faint beam of magenta light appeared amidst the forest of carvings : light from a circular opening . 
 i drifted forward until i stared straight down and began to sink within the tower , descending past tier after tier of indigo marble : a series of concentric rings that narrowed like the levels of a stadium as i neared the lowest circle . 
 and then , at exactly the moment i expected , the sombre hues of indigo marble and deep magenta light vanished in a wild burst of colour that made the audience around me gasp in surprise . 
 the upper surface of each tier was now lit from within like a ring of stained glass , to reveal abstract lines and pinpoints of aquamarine , turquoise blue , violet , and neon pink . 
 the distant gongs gave way to bright clattering rhythms , like shards of glass and crystal falling onto metal plate . 
 i sank into my seat , torn between fear and the practical desire to conceal that fear -- the same dual response i had experienced when i was shown this film , repeatedly , at the age of five , one year before my parents went away and never came back . 
 by now i had reached the lowest circle , the arena of this amphitheatre . 
 in the crazed light that rose from the stained-glass floor , i could see five doorways equally spaced within the ring of marble . 
 the music paused with anticipation ... until a face i knew very well peered from one of the doorways and swept the arena with a slow , searching gaze . 
 then the young man stepped with cautious dignity onto the arena floor . 
 in the audience , a few people laughed or tittered , for the man , slim and muscled like a dancer , was completely naked . 
 i was now beyond anxiety ; i felt as if a spotlight had speared and plucked me from the dark mass of the crowd . 
 as the clattering music burst into new levels of volume and complexity , the man circled the arena in a slow dance that surged into a rapid display of athletic energy . 
 there was nothing effete about him ; he moved with the leaps and lunges of a martial artist , driven by increasingly barbaric , accelerating rhythms , lit from below by wild splashes of colour that rivaled the frenzied music . 
 and then -- and then , as he danced , a faint sibilance rose against the music ; long , lean silhouettes arced and swayed into view on the tier just above his head . 
 from unseen doorways , the silhouettes emerged to blacken the stained-glass floor of their own encircling tier , to form slender patterns of darkness upon the wild colours . 
 the sibilance increased , became a complex hissing that somehow suggested language without suggesting anything remotely human . 
 the dancer froze in place , suddenly alert ; sweat glistened on his torso as he took several deep , slow breaths . 
 once again , as i had on many occasions over the years , i wondered if he knew what was coming , if he had any idea of how little time was left to him for breathing . 
 on the tier above his head , the hissing discussion ceased ; a decision had been made . 
 one of the silhouettes dipped a slow , curling length of itself from the upper circle , and then the man saw her ; he stood without movement as she lowered herself in coil upon coil to the stadium floor , until she reared back above the sprawling circles of her body to face him . 
 despite her vast length , her proportions were graceful and slender , with the lean , concealed power of a boa constrictor . 
 beneath her cobra 's hood , her large head was completely reptilian , with the jaws and upper snout of a python ; yet below the neck , her body took on the semblance and size of a human being 's , with the torso , slim abdomen and subtly flaring hips of an attractive woman . 
 her mimicry extended to the breasts , the navel , the pubic mound of a woman ; and as this upper body swayed back and forth in slow , sinuous movements , it revealed a perfectly convincing set of shoulder blades , a tapering back and small , rounded buttocks -- yet the rest of her was the long and undivided body of a serpent . 
 limbless , hairless , disturbingly alien , she remained unspeakably beautiful , and her dorsal scales threw off reflected light with an emerald iridescence . 
 for several heartbeats , man and serpent remained in place ; then the man lunged toward one of the exit doorways . 
 he had almost made it before she sent out a gliding length of coil to block his way . 
 he lunged again , in the opposite direction , and again she uncoiled a length of her long , slender body to block the path . 
 soon she had blocked all five doorways and forced the man toward the central point of the arena circle . 
 panting and glistening , he stood in place once more , poised to flee from any movement . 
 after a pause , the music returned with a softer texture , like metal brushing upon metal in a murky pool of water . 
 the serpent now swayed her upper body with the seductive motion of a woman dancing ; her coils began to move in slow spirals of emerald on the stained-glass floor . 
 she gazed down upon her own sliding movements , then raised her ophidian head to reveal impossibly green , impossibly beautiful eyes . 
 the man spun away with a lifted forearm to block her from sight . 
 then he launched himself into a dance of his own , a dance of escape from her dance of seduction . 
 yet no matter where he moved , she seemed to be there first with her gently rocking human curves , her beguiling eyes . 
 with every veer away from her , he found his way blocked by winding coils . 
 soon he was encircled by rings of emerald that slowly closed upon him . 
 finally , retreating from her eyes with his arm again pressed upon his face , he tripped and fell backward upon a slowly writhing mound of coils . 
 as he threw back his arms to break his fall , she thrust her face toward him in a smooth gliding rush ... and then she had him . 
 she had him ; he stared back at her in panic for a heartbeat , until the sheer beauty of her gleaming eyes overcame him . 
 his rictus of fear became a slowly spreading smile ; his body relaxed and settled back upon her coils . 
 she held his gaze inescapably , swayed her head from side to side , and seemed to smile herself when she saw his head turn lazily to follow . 
 now entranced completely , and completely in her power , the man lay fully quiescent and fully aroused . 
 she noted this with apparent amusement , and flicked her long tongue at his mouth with playful frequency . 
 arching her woman 's body above him , she rubbed and slid against him teasingly , coaxed his arms and hands to wander as she held him at all times with the fascination of her eyes . 
 then she eased herself down and pressed herself upon him -- an embrace without arms -- and began to move with a slow , compelling insistency . 
 the music surged in waves , on and on , until suddenly stopped by the man 's helpless cries of release . 
 cold sweat stung my eyes . 
 she lay upon him as his breathing slowed , cradled him within her coils , held his gaze with her own . 
 he smiled up at her , sleepy and defenseless , and slowly turned his head back and forth to follow her renewed swaying . 
 again , this apparently amused her , and she watched him intently as her movements slowed and finally came to a stop . 
 then his eyelids fell shut , and with that smile still upon his face , he sagged within her coils , unconscious . 
 she lowered him gently to the floor , and as his chest rose and fell in sleep , examined him minutely with her flickering tongue . 
 then she poised her mouth above his head , and began to stretch her jaws impossibly wide ... it took her a long time to swallow him . 
 the pulsing movements of her jaws engulfed his head and neck ; his shoulders and torso took a bit more effort , but the rest of him went down her throat with ease . 
 in the end , she relaxed , uncoiled herself upon the stained-glass floor , and apparently savoured the muscular contractions deep inside her . 
 then she glanced toward me ; she looked directly at me with a knowing , unmistakable look , and i knew exactly what she meant to imply : this is what you want . 
 this is what you need . 
 this has been your secret , but now the secret is unlocked within your heart at last . 
 fade to black . 
 sweating in the silence , i was ready for the audience to turn and stare at me , to point at me with dawning awareness . 
 i braced myself for their shouts of discovery , their cries of shock and fear . 
 yet nothing happened . 
 they whispered to themselves , unaware ; they laughed quietly at private comments , without suspicion , without a sense of danger . 
 none of them understood what they had seen ; none of them knew what watched them from the night . 
 when the next film began , i took my coat and slipped away as quietly as possible . 
 i stepped out of the cinema doors to find the world suddenly white : snow whirled beneath the streetlamps , and the wind pierced my back as i set off down residential streets toward the campus . 
 every house on every street polluted the night with glowing windows , where men and women moved in silent , inexplicable dances of relationship . 
 at the sight , i remembered the last time i had seen my parents , but then the need arose and blotted them from memory . 
 they were gone , they were finished ; they had shown me a film repeatedly when i was five years old , then they had left me with the need and nothing else . 
 when i reached the university and found myself through force of habit outside the department of medicine , i stood alone in the gusting wind and watched the snow arc past me like a storm of eyes -- brilliant eyes , compelling eyes , glinting in the lamplight -- and i knew that i would learn to serve the need right there , with all the tools a scholarship had offered : scalpels for dissection , scalpels for destruction , scalpels like a row of gleaming viper fangs . 
 after years of need , i knew exactly what i wanted . 
 high above my head , embedded in the caduceus emblem on the wall , the twining serpents watched me and began to writhe . 
 ***** never noticed , never there on a wet sunday afternoon in april , robert piedmont left his townhouse on springland crescent and never came back . 
 his wife later told police that robert had seemed unlike himself that day ; in the hour before he left , she had caught him staring at her , at the wallpaper and stippled ceiling , as if they had been puzzles to resolve . 
 he said nothing when he slipped into his black raincoat and stepped outside ; he ignored her questions , scowled in perplexity for a final moment , then eased the front door shut . 
 by the time she had reached the doorway he was nowhere in sight . 
 one year later , while packing to move away from springland and its painful memories , mrs. jocelin piedmont phoned her brother and told him in a quiet , detached voice that her husband was alive , concealed within the house : `` i 've heard his footsteps on the staircase ... his hand reached for me straight through the wall . '' 
 she had found messages in the cellar , blurred notes on damp paper she could barely read . 
 concerned for her mental health , her brother drove immediately to springland , only to find the front door open and the townhouse empty . 
 mrs. piedmont never came back ; she had apparently joined her husband . 
 unseen , unsensed , unmindful of their absence , the world moved on . 
 ~ when he began to study graphic design in ottawa , tom lighden came to realize just how small a part observation played in his life . 
 from brief , barely-adequate glimpses of the world around him , he had built up a series of mental models that allowed him to navigate between obstacles without stumbling . 
 he could cross a busy road while avoiding cars ; he could walk from class to class while totally preoccupied without getting lost . 
 but when asked to draw one of the university lecture halls or his tiny rented room from memory alone , he faltered . 
 the shame of it forced him to study the world with greater concentration . 
 never again would he trust any impression made at first glance . 
 he taught himself to stare . 
 he carried scraps of paper with him at all times and drew studies of everyday things : the gleaming gnarls on a maple tree after the bark has peeled away to show the wormlike trails of larvae ; the spikes of frost on a window pane , pale and branched like coral ; the scintillant , moonlit wrinkling of the water on the surface of the rideau canal . 
 and then , one night in december , walking on a high embankment above the canal on his way to an evening class at carleton university , he found himself confronted by illusion . 
 a cold wind scattered dry snow that evening . 
 no skater dared the ice ; no plow had touched the fallen snow on the stretch of canal beyond dow 's lake . 
 the sky was the colour of scorched brass , and the streetlamps along the embankment cast fumbling shadows in the snowfall . 
 on the canal just ahead , the gateway of hartwell 's locks loomed above the snow , and crouched before it was a lean , dark figure , stark against the whiteness : a tall man , apparently , gaunt with age , enwrapped in what appeared to be a tight black raincoat . 
 the man 's posture conveyed injury or suffering , so tom glanced away from the canal toward the empty lanes of colonel by drive , hoping for a car he could stop if the man needed medical care . 
 but when he turned back , the figure was gone . 
 tom blinked snow from his eyes and stared down at the unbroken expanse of white . 
 how had the figure vanished so quickly ? 
 after all , the nearest ramp leading down to the ice was boarded up and blocked with warning signs , right in front of him . 
 tom clambered over the boards and descended to the canal . 
 his footprints left deep impressions as he waded toward the spot where the figure had crouched . 
 he stepped carefully and stared in the half-light , but found no previous tracks on the barren snow . 
 yet something black protruded from the white , as if it had fallen from a coat pocket : a plastic billfold stained with mildew . 
 he found a strip of paper curled inside , but the light was too dim for close inspection . 
 this provided a good excuse to leave the canal , for which he was grateful ; in his confusion over what he had seen , he would have spent an hour in search of footprints . 
 back on the sidewalk , he held the paper close to his eyes in the trembling light of a streetlamp . 
 scrawled in partially-smeared ink was an address on springland crescent and a name vaguely familiar -- robert piedmont . 
 ~ for the next few days he mulled over what he had seen , or rather , what he had imagined . 
 he was convinced that he had fooled himself with a lazy misinterpretation of visual impressions . 
 yet he was equally certain that he had once heard of robert piedmont . 
 when he mentioned the name to an art history professor with a keen memory for local events , she thought for a moment , then shook her head . 
 `` never heard of him . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked , and showed her the slip of paper . 
 `` robert piedmont ! '' 
 she said , giving it a french pronunciation . 
 `` of course i 've heard of him . '' 
 she then told him the vague story of a man who had left his house one day and vanished . 
 `` it was in the papers for a while , '' she said , `` and on the cbc . 
 i 'm amazed you do n't remember . 
 it happened right here in ottawa . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` about ten years ago , something like that . 
 where 'd you hear his name ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 then he said , `` trivia quiz , '' as casually as he could . 
 in truth , he was too embarrassed to describe his lapse of visual judgment to anyone . 
 later that afternoon he pulled yellowing newspapers from dusty library shelves , and found several references to robert and jocelin piedmont . 
 their case had remained unsolved , even after a decade . 
 he had once been told that people disappeared frequently ; the piedmonts were merely two names on a long and growing list . 
 yet someone had recently jotted down their old address on paper -- perhaps a journalism student or a true-crime buff . 
 as far as tom was concerned , the matter was hardly worth pursuing . 
 yet his perceptual ineptitude on that winter night troubled him . 
 more than ever , he was set on training himself to observe with complete confidence . 
 he had work to do . 
 over the course of that winter he sketched obsessively , and in april he spent an afternoon on parliament hill , peering up at gargoyles and steep , copper-green roofs that bristled with ornaments of black wrought-iron . 
 people passed by now and then , enjoying the first clear day after a week of rain . 
 he ignored them , intent as he was upon dormer windows and gothic turrets , but then someone went by who grabbed his attention . 
 an old woman with wild hair and a face the colour of an aching bruise stumbled toward him , hunched over , with arms crossed below her throat , with one of her hands clenched like a fist against her breastbone . 
 she wore a tattered shirt and faded jeans as ragged as her hair , and as she approached he saw that her feet were naked on the pale stubble of the lawn . 
 worst of all was her expression of extreme pain : eyelids squeezed shut , the corners of her mouth dragged down in a trembling grimace . 
 he had never seen such agony on a human face . 
 calling out to her made no difference ; she seemed completely unaware of the world around her . 
 he stared at her retreating back until she came to the sidewalk on wellington street . 
 when she stepped into the heavy traffic , he cried out and ran to stop her . 
 somehow she made it to the other side , while he was forced to wait for several cars to pass . 
 she stood out like a moving scarecrow against the olive sandstone wall of the langevin building . 
 oddly enough , everyone she passed ignored her ; people walked right by without a glance . 
 that more than anything else angered him enough to cross the street and follow her . 
 when she disappeared around the corner of the building , he hurried to catch up , but on the other side he found himself alone . 
 he had been right behind her ; there had been no time for her to slip away . 
 he stood on the sidewalk and gaped at the blank wall as his memory ran through a scene from the rideau canal . 
 it was the first time in weeks he had recalled that figure on the snow . 
 and now , here was another unlikely disappearance . 
 he had to be mistaken . 
 he must have overlooked something obvious , but wandering up and down the street brought nothing to light . 
 the woman had vanished . 
 one week later , she returned . 
 she was back on wellington street , limping westward . 
 he squinted in the late-afternoon sunlight and watched her for some time , startled but determined to mind his own business . 
 yet once again , the disregard of those around her sparked his anger . 
 how could anyone ignore such pain ? 
 hunched over , with arms crossed below her throat , with one hand clenched like a fist , she passed the bank of montreal and the national press building , then turned left at an alley . 
 he hesitated , uneasy at the prospect of yet another disappearance , until bright daylight and the crowded street left him feeling like a fool . 
 when he stepped into the alleyway he was half-blinded by the glare reflected from a long white wall , but he could see the woman straight ahead , a silhouette against the cul-de-sac ; he was just in time to watch her slip through the bright wall and vanish . 
 he stumbled , raised a hand to block the daylight , then saw what he had overlooked at first glance : an open doorway in the wall , half-hidden from his angle of sight . 
 as he approached , he saw that it was nothing but an empty doorframe with broken hinges ; peering inside , he found a dim , descending stairway and heard the echoing slap of the woman 's bare feet on concrete steps below . 
 on a day of dazzling sunlight , on the brink of a stairwell without any door to slam shut and trap him , he found it easy to convince himself that everything was normal . 
 so he followed her , treading quietly on the stairs , intent upon her stumbling footsteps in the half-light below . 
 the short flight of stairs reached a narrow landing and continued down in the opposite direction to reach another , where the pattern repeated itself : an ordinary stairwell with cement walls stained by dust and grime , with a flickering fluorescent tube at every right-angle turn -- but a stairwell without exits . 
 even after ten flights without a single doorway on the landings , he told himself that nothing was unusual , that nothing was wrong , until the sound of her bare footsteps faded abruptly . 
 he stopped , listened for any sound of movement , then lowered his foot to the next step . 
 something soft gave way beneath his shoe : a ball of paper , crumpled and damp as if recently clenched within a fist . 
 he unfolded it and found the smeared words illegible except for one name : robert piedmont . 
 then he noticed that his hand against the paper was a flat silhouette , that every part of his body was midnight black , that the fluorescent tubes were gone , yet the stairs and walls around him stood out clearly with a dim pallour . 
 startled , he reached out to touch the cement wall , only to feel his hand slide into soft , wet clay . 
 he wrenched his hand from the wall and saw that everything around him glistened with moisture . 
 the stairs below were shapeless with mud , and impressed upon the ooze were descending tracks of two bare feet . 
 an acrid stench of dust and wet concrete left him gasping as he stumbled up the sodden steps , but he forced himself to climb faster . 
 he had reached one landing and was lunging toward the next when a night-black figure rushed down and crashed against him with stunning force . 
 tom staggered and clutched at the slick wall , while the figure paused for less than a heartbeat . 
 then , with arms dangling and limp , it pressed forward , driving him back with quick , determined strides . 
 he reached out and grabbed what felt like a raincoat tight against the figure 's chest , but his fingers slipped from the taut wet fabric . 
 finally he tripped , slid against the wall of a landing and fell to the muddy floor . 
 he shrank against the yielding wall , drew in his arms and legs to protect himself , but the figure stepped over him , turned at the next flight of stairs and continued on its way down . 
 by then tom was back on his feet and stumbling in the opposite direction . 
 as he fled upward , the slime at his feet and the wet clay walls gave way to hard concrete . 
 fluorescent tubes flickered at the landings ; dust motes circled in a streak of daylight overhead . 
 he darted through the lean doorway , fell and skinned his fingers on pale asphalt . 
 clenching his hands , he noted that his sleeves were unmuddied , and sitting up , he saw that his clothes and shoes were dry and unstained . 
 then he glanced back at the doorway and found instead a blank wall of concrete , dazzling in the sunlight of late afternoon . 
 he sat there for a long time , paralyzed by a growing sense that his life would never again be the same . 
 he was no longer safe . 
 with neither guides nor signposts , he was now in a bleak new world . 
 much later , in his rented room , he stripped off his clothing and discovered a fine grey dust on his feet and on his arms , legs and back where they had touched the walls of the stairwell . 
 his pants and shirt were spotless , but his body was contaminated . 
 trembling with physical nausea and a more than physical dread , he scrubbed himself thoroughly . 
 that night he lay on the narrow mattress in his narrow bedroom and stared at sheets of scrap paper , at several hundred detailed sketches that no one else had ever seen , that no one else would ever want to see . 
 as the paper stirred in the draft from an open window , he understood how thoroughly his struggle to perceive had isolated him . 
 he had never been frightened before -- not like this -- and he knew that no one would accept his impossible account of missing people and disappearing stairwells . 
 he would have to keep it to himself . 
 he would have to live with new-found sight , alone , or never live at all . 
 that awareness drove him out to confront the new morning . 
 on his way to university , he deliberately took the longer route down wellington street . 
 the world seemed perfectly normal in the slanting daylight ; and walking eastward , facing the sunrise , he vowed that he would take a close look at the alley beside the national press building . 
 when it stood just a few blocks ahead , he began to tremble , but he steadied himself by staring at the stone-solid , almost monolithic government buildings , the passing cars and busses wreathed with exhaust in the chill air , the pedestrians in winter jackets on an april monday that should have been much warmer . 
 yet just ahead limped a man with no jacket whatsoever ; a man in a blue shirt , a faded blue shirt , a ragged blue shirt with holes ; a man who suddenly stumbled , lurched from the sidewalk , and fell beneath the wheels of a passing truck . 
 tom would have lunged to stop the man had he been close enough , had there been time . 
 he could only stare at the smear of blood on the road , a smear that lengthened beneath every passing tire , until he realized with a cold shock that no one else had seen the man fall , no one else had seen the blood seeping over asphalt . 
 people walked by , oblivious to sudden death , oblivious to the sudden figures who now surged from nowhere onto the street : figures crouched and hunched in postures of unthinkable suffering , blind to all but the glare of inner pain . 
 weaving with clenched eyelids and contorted limbs through daylight crowds that never even noticed them , they burst into existence by hundreds , by thousands . 
 they rushed the sidewalk in a blind stampede , forced tom backwards against a marble wall and finally to the ground . 
 he clutched his face protectively and screamed -- the scream echoed through silence . 
 he raised his head and found himself kneeling beside a suddenly vacant street . 
 the buildings all around him bled a dim grey light beneath a sky of aching black . 
 he touched his face with cold hands and saw that they , too , were black , like holes punched in the fabric of reality . 
 pain seeped in to fill the sudden void . 
 he staggered to his feet , but the sidewalk shifted beneath him . 
 he fell , and when he hit the concrete , his arms burst through like knife blades into seeping clay . 
 ~ on a cold monday morning in april , the traffic passed over wellington street . 
 pedestrians trudged to work with heads down , intent upon their own concealed anxieties . 
 unseen , unsensed , unmindful of their absence , the world moved on . 
 ***** shadows in the sunrise my shadow on a wall , a sunrise in the western sky , a twelve-hour gap in time : how could i explain these things ? 
 and yet i found myself on the mountain road in the light of morning , whereas a moment before i had been crossing the darkened lawn in front of the rexdale house ; i had noticed my shadow moving on the wall -- in the dark of night -- and i had turned to see the maples thrashing in a sudden wind . 
 and then i watched the sun rise on the wrong edge of the world . 
 but now i stood in the cold light of a normal day . 
 frostlight gleamed from pebbles on the dirt road and glittered from the aspen leaves that fell around me in the stillness . 
 i was bitterly cold , as if i had spent hours in the cold air ... hours passing like a dreamless night . 
 how could i have walked halfway home without remembering the trip ? 
 i checked my watch in disbelief : the date and time revealed a sudden loss of twelve hours . 
 i thought of returning to the rexdale house but the idea sent a chill through me that was deeper than the morning cold . 
 and it was cold : my face tingled painfully , as if with frostbite . 
 so i continued on my way along the mountainside , then took the road down into the valley toward home . 
 away from the trees , between barren fields , i felt exposed beneath a cloudless sky , and the feeling remained even after i entered my house and shut the door behind me . 
 with a fire lit in the woodstove i warmed up quickly , but the cold lingered on my face . 
 i peered into a mirror for any sign of frostbite but found , instead , a network of tiny red sores . 
 at first i thought of measles , but as i examined my face and scalp i saw that every pore was inflamed , as if someone had stabbed at me with tiny needles -- and then i suddenly vomited , repeatedly and helplessly , as if at the physical memory of a long-forgotten fear . 
 ~ the day went by . 
 with winter looming , i had vegetables to can and freeze , apples to store and wood to cut . 
 yet nothing i did could dispel the sense of strangeness that haunted me like an unrecollected dream . 
 and i was very much alone : my parents had left the house years ago ; they were down in the states , where they found life under martial law preferable to freezing to death in a quebecois winter . 
 `` we 're not allowed to leave the city limits , '' they had written , `` but the weather 's fine and we 've got five hundred t.v. channels . '' 
 that was life in america . 
 here , i was surrounded by abandoned farms ; when the world economy had fallen apart it had dragged down all my neighbors with it . 
 there was no one i could turn to for help . 
 that night , whenever i closed my eyes , i saw the rexdale house gleaming in the darkness . 
 i had spent a lot of time there over the years , growing up with the rexdale children as my closest friends . 
 when the great deflation forced them out of the countryside i agreed to maintain the house for them , even as the world around it fell apart -- not for the money they sent -lrb- which had little value at any rate -rrb- , but in memory of a time when there were people in my life . 
 staring into darkness , i understood that memories were all i had ... and i refused to have them poisoned by a mystery . 
 ~ i left early the next morning , walked up the road that climbed the hillside , and followed the winding route below the mountain . 
 the day was milder , but the oblique sunlight , the woodsmoke tang of rotten leaves , brought hints of winter 's approach , and the wind stung my healing face . 
 when i came to the spot where i had found myself the day before , i was tempted to return home . 
 the wind in the pines hissed like a tide retreating on a hidden shore , and the scuttling of the leaves on the dirt road made me think of something dead that struggled into life . 
 a lingering , indefinable dread had seeped through my mind and it darkened everything around me . 
 the few farmhouses along the route were boarded up and empty . 
 staghorn sumac and hawthorns had spread across the fields ; grey stalks of burdock and milkweed bristled on ragged lawns . 
 i remembered how , as a child , i could see the sparse lights from distant farms at nightfall , or hear the faint barking of a neighbour 's dog ; these nights , the fields and hills were black , and the silence gave way only to the baying of the wolves . 
 on the far side of the mountain , the driveway to the rexdales weaved through a forest of gaunt maples and cedars until it reached the house , a white , one-storey building with a broad bay window that faced a long and narrow clearing . 
 the surrounding woods were bleak : the scarlets and the orange-reds had faded to a dull copper , and the shimmering yellows of the aspen trees were spectral in the slanting light . 
 yet thanks to my maintenance work , the house felt unabandoned -- an illusion that died as i peered through the bay window at the empty living room . 
 i studied the house , hoping to spur recollection , but nothing came to me . 
 the western sky , pale blue with a streak of cirrus , brought nothing to mind , even as i waited at the exact spot where i had seen my shadow leap upon the wall the night before . 
 there was nothing here to frighten anyone . 
 as a child , i had played here many times with the rexdale children . 
 i remembered hide and seek , with the sheds and the encroaching woods as perfect spots to watch pursuers without being seen . 
 but our favorite hiding place was the cubbyhole below the bay window , with a sliding panel built into the living room wall . 
 if you lay down you could slide right in and close the panel until only your eyes were visible . 
 and then the shadows on the wall -- what ? 
 as the shadow of a driven cloud darkens the fields and then fades away , something had loomed within my memory and passed me by . 
 i closed my eyes to the pale sunlight and tried to see the darkness of the night before . 
 shadows . 
 shadows on a wall . 
 i felt a sudden chill , the physiological memory of fear . 
 i touched my face and , prompted by a vague impulse , ran my fingers over the irritable skin . 
 they brought to mind the fronds of a plant brushing against me , the sliding touch of wet rope . 
 yes ... wet rope . 
 by now i was damp with sweat and my heartbeat raced , yet i could retrieve only the vaguest hint of shadows looming high on a wall , seen from a low angle , as if i were crouched on the ground . 
 no ; as if i were lying on the floor , in the cubbyhole , watching shadows on the living room wall . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 the day was bright and clear : that alone encouraged me to unlock the front door and step inside . 
 daylight shining through the bay window warmed the empty living room , and because i had left the door open whenever i worked outside , the air was neither stale nor damp . 
 yet i could smell dust as i stooped at the cubby below the window . 
 the panel was open , and i noticed scuffmarks on the dusty floorboards within ; had i left them on the night before ? 
 i lay down on my side , pulled myself into the compartment and slid the panel shut , leaving just a crack open so that i could peer at the wall on the other side of the room . 
 then i closed my eyes and struggled to remember . 
 shadows . 
 shadows on the wall ... ~ the sun has already set . 
 i have just put the lawnmower into the shed and i am crossing the yard in the darkness . 
 something moves at the edge of sight : i look up and notice my shadow on the wall of the house . 
 then i turn around to see the maples tossing in a sudden squall , and there , in the western sky , the sun is rising . 
 no , not the sun : a beam of light flickers through the narrow clearing . 
 my eyes are streaming in the wind but i can just glimpse something moving through the woods : it looks like a wall in motion . 
 no ... a scaffolding , a cage , a lattice of irregular shapes and sizes , glowing with purples and magentas as deep as darkness yet somehow visible . 
 descending from the sky -- behind the trees , in front , all around me -- wall after wall of glowing lattices , a cagelike framework facing all directions , too complex to take in at once . 
 diamond shapes , lozenges , a mountainside of spikes , weblike panels set at every angle , greens and blues and scarlets ... i run to the house , slam the door shut behind me and lock it . 
 then i peer through the tiny pane as tall swaying shapes approach from the light . 
 in a panic i crawl to the bay window , slide into the cubby and pull the panel shut until i can barely see the shadows on the opposite wall , shadows like the freeze-frame snapshots of windswept trees . 
 despite the storm they are motionless and i can see their ropy boughs at all angles , every bough divided into two branches , every branch divided into two twigs , every twig divided into two thorns , every thorn divided into two needles -- then light flares in the hallway just beyond my vision as the front door crashes open . 
 a shadow bulges on the wall and its wet ropes burst through the crack , fumbling at my face , stinging with a hundred thousand pinpricks -- ~ i wrenched open the sliding door and stumbled to my feet . 
 the empty room was warm and sunlit but i had to get away . 
 standing on the lawn , staring at the trees and sky , i found that nothing in the everyday world could dispel the cold fear that haunted me . 
 but that fear was absurd . 
 these were not memories . 
 dreams , nightmares , the fabrications of a mind that would come up with any explanation to resolve anxiety : these i could accept . 
 but memories of actual events ? 
 never . 
 yet i found myself scanning the trees for broken limbs and peering at the ground for telltale holes and gouges . 
 when i realized what i was doing i turned away in disgust . 
 there had to be an explanation for the dazzling light , my wounded face , the lapse of memory . 
 had i been struck by lightning , had i wandered in a daze till morning ? 
 or was isolation driving me to madness ? 
 madness . 
 a word i had avoided ; there it was . 
 i noticed the front door gaping wide : in my rush from the house i had left it open . 
 as i went to lock it , that false memory of the door crashing open in a blaze of light nagged at me . 
 of course it was false . 
 the door was undamaged ; nothing had smashed it open . 
 then i thought of infinitely branching ropes , repeatedly splitting in two from the size of a limb to the size of a molecule ; no lock would keep them out . 
 but that was nonsense . 
 it had to be nonsense . 
 two ravens leapt from the boughs of a cedar ; i stood in the doorway and listened to their fading cries . 
 there was nothing i could do but go home . 
 hemmed in by the trees along the driveway , i felt naked beneath that wedge of sky ; i glanced away from the boarded windows of the farms along the road . 
 on the other side of the mountain i looked down into the valley and saw my house standing like a target amidst barren fields , exposed on all sides to any shadows that might loom with evening . 
 yet the darkest were already there , deep inside my head . 
 ~ winter struck . 
 i tried to focus on daily work , but at night the stars looked down with enigmatic stares . 
 the telephone and power lines went down in the driving snow that blotted out the world beyond my windows and hissed against the walls in a constant rush of wind . 
 i lived in the kitchen , close to the woodstove . 
 my supplies would last for a long time if i rationed every bite . 
 in dreams i served at banquets , but always woke before i could steal any food . 
 one day i began the five-hour walk to the nearest village : i had to see if the outside world existed anymore . 
 but visibility faded beyond the length of my arm and i had to give up . 
 i stumbled back through a white cocoon of blinding flakes , terrified that the footprints i had left on the way out would disappear before i could find my way home . 
 that night i heard my parents in the wind ; they called my name with distant raven cries . 
 when i opened the door they gaped at me and fled into the night . 
 then i woke up , stumbled to the mirror , and flinched at the sight of a stranger 's hollowed face . 
 last night i heard the silence when the wind stopped . 
 i scraped frost from the window pane and saw moonlight glimmer through a lens of thinning cloud . 
 eddies of snow swirled across the fields : a thousand shades of white twisting in the darkness . 
 and descending from the ragged sky , spanning the horizon , a wall of scaffolding , a glowing magenta cage sparkling with somber pinpoints of green and blue and scarlet . 
 perhaps by now the world belongs to them : a world of shadows , drifting like the snow above abandoned fields , falling like the darkness on forgotten hills , awake and watching in the moonlight ; a world that i could recognize but never own . 
 my memory has returned and that , for me , is enough . 
 there will be no spring . 
 ***** when the echo hates the voice 1 from an obstetrician 's memories by marcel dumont : fatigue and stress can also interfere with our work . 
 when i was an intern on extended shifts at the hospital , i often noticed , at the end of a long day , an odd impairment or distortion at the edge of sight , very much like fluttering wings or slithering snakes coursing down the walls . 
 my judgment and competence were never hindered , but i did experience odd hallucinations from time to time . 
 the worst of all was hard to forget , although i have tried to do so . 
 it hit me on the very day of my first delivery -- an easy , uncomplicated birth that went as smoothly as any doctor or mother could wish . 
 on that occasion , i had known the parents for years : the bertrands , neighbours of mine in that small town . 
 their son , paul , came into this world a fine , healthy child . 
 no doctor could have asked for a smoother , more joyous first delivery , which makes what happened next all the more incongruous . 
 i had left mrs. bertrand and her son in the care of the delivery room nurses , and was about to push open the swinging exit doors when the white hallway beyond one door 's circular window pane was blocked by a dark , gaping hole . 
 startled , i drew back for no more than a heartbeat , then pulled the doors open to reveal something far worse than wings or snakes . 
 it was , to put it mildly , a giant . 
 the ceilings of that hospital were no less than three metres high ; as i pulled the doors open , this crouching being reared back and struck , with its bulging scapulae , the fluorescent light panels overhead . 
 then it stood there , glaring down at me -- at least , it would have glared , had its eyes been visible ; but the sockets were so deep in that lean , hard face , the eyes so recessed , that all i could discern were two black pits confronting me . 
 you can imagine my shocked surprise . 
 i lunged backward and collided with a nurse . 
 the doors swung shut , blocked the being from sight -- and i knew , at that moment , that what i had seen was impossible ; therefore , i had never actually seen it . 
 it was all in my mind . 
 and with that , i pushed the doors open to face nothing more than an empty hospital hallway . 
 i glanced at the nurse behind me and offered a weak smile . 
 `` busy day , '' i said . 
 the look she returned seemed less than charitable ... 2 from the statement of lucien boisvert , aged 19 : do n't get me wrong , i 'd never say anything bad about paul bertrand . 
 but the truth is , he had problems right from the start . 
 he must have been about five years old when i first met him , one day when my parents were visiting his . 
 he had been sent upstairs for a nap , and we were just about to leave when we heard him scream with what sounded to my ears like real terror . 
 he came running down the stairs at full speed , dashed to his mother ... and told her that an echo had stuck its face through the open window of his bedroom . 
 that 's right , `` an echo '' . 
 when i left with my parents , i looked up at paul 's window , far away from any balcony or ledge , and thought that anyone who could stick a face through that window would have to be a giant . 
 you know how it is with kids that age : their nightmares are one hundred percent real to them , and the things they say can be pretty wild . 
 the next time i met him , just a few days later , he stared at me as if i were something he could n't figure out , then he asked me if i were a voice or an echo . 
 pretty wild , as i 've said . 
 so i told him i was lucien boisvert , and i guess that must have satisfied him , because we 've ... we were friends ever since . 
 neither paul nor i had a brother or sister , so our parents were happy to have us play together . 
 in fact , all throughout our childhood , one of us always stayed overnight at the other 's house . 
 i 'd heard his parents mention , once or twice , that paul could never sleep without someone else in his room , and even then there were times when he woke me up in the middle of the night with a terrible scream . 
 he never talked about his nightmares , though -- on the few times when i mentioned the screaming , he went completely silent . 
 there were times , too , when he suddenly looked over his shoulder as if he 'd expected to find someone else in the room . 
 otherwise , he seemed like a typical kid to me . 
 and not only to me . 
 paul was actually one of the more popular kids in school , and he thrived on that . 
 there was nothing he liked better than big groups , crowded hallways , lots of people surrounding him . 
 so naturally , he excelled at group activities like track and field ... and basketball , of course , always basketball . 
 girls were crazy about him . 
 they gave him cute nicknames like `` mystery man '' or `` n. igmatic '' ... not only for that haunted look that sometimes appeared on his face , but also , i think , for those deep-set eyes of his , like black holes in a lean , rugged mask . 
 and the girls liked him for his drawing skill . 
 he never had to ask any girl to pose for him -- they were always eager to volunteer . 
 for guys like me , hanging around paul gave us a great opportunity to meet the most beautiful girls in highschool , because they flocked to him . 
 but at the same time , there were hidden aspects to paul that i never could figure out . 
 girls asked him out constantly , which was more than fine with him ... as long as he went dating in groups . 
 but i 've had girls confess to me how disappointing and frustrating it was for them whenever they tried to talk with him in private . 
 in crowds he came to life , but in smaller groups , and especially with only one other person around , he often became silent and easily distracted , always staring into corners or turning his head suddenly at noises the rest of us could never hear . 
 there were things he 'd never talk about , not even with me . 
 there was one time , i recall , when he and i were doing homework at his place . 
 he was painting a still-life or something as an art assignment while i turned the pages of his sketchbooks and admired those gorgeous girls from highschool . 
 but then i came across page after page of sketches i 'd never seen before , all of the same leering , hateful face . 
 paul had captured something terrible in that face , something that chilled me as i stared at sketch after sketch ... but the worst part was the obvious purpose of those drawings : they were self-caricatures . 
 they had to be -- there was no mistaking those hidden eyes in deep , black sockets . 
 `` you know , '' i finally said to him , `` these faces are incredible . '' 
 `` what faces ? '' 
 he said , intent on his painting . 
 `` these , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'd hate to think what they reveal about your self-image . '' 
 he turned at that , stared at the pages ... and went completely white . 
 his neck muscles clenched several times , as if he were struggling to speak , and when he finally found his voice , it sounded weak and raw . 
 `` put those away , '' he said . 
 and then he stared at me , not with anger , not with annoyance , but with something i could hardly understand . 
 now that i think of it , i guess he was pleading with me to forget all about it . 
 so i changed the subject , and he went on with his painting . 
 but i could never quite get over the impact of those sketches ; they made me wonder what he saw within himself , what self-knowledge he kept hidden from the rest of us . 
 after that , he seemed to throw himself even further into schoolwork , art , sports , any activity that kept him in the centre of a crowd . 
 the tallest kid in highschool , he became the best basketball player , the best runner -- he drove himself constantly . 
 he also convinced a bunch of us to train with him after school by running up and down those stairs beside the college ... those stairs on the hillside . 
 look , there 's not much more i. . . 
 do i really have to go on with this ? 
 okay . 
 okay . 
 well ... he was at the top of his class when highschool ended , and everyone expected great things of him at college . 
 and even though he drove himself harder than ever , i could tell that something was wrong . 
 for one thing , he never actually had a girlfriend . 
 oh , he had women all around him , all the time , and he loved the attention ... but in the end , they always drifted away , frustrated by their inability to connect with him . 
 i 'd always supposed that paul would have a steady girlfriend long before i did . 
 you can imagine my surprise when i succeeded where he failed . 
 at the same time , he began to seem ill-at-ease even in crowded rooms , more easily distracted , more irritable than ever before . 
 something was on his mind , nagging at him , but whatever it was , he kept it to himself . 
 and so ... that first term of college came to an end . 
 my girlfriend claire and i had a late exam , long after most of the out-of-town students had already left for christmas vacation . 
 paul tagged along with us and decided to wait around while claire and i took the exam . 
 afterward , we were going to meet him at the library , but when the time came , we could n't find him there . 
 we could n't find him at the gym or in the art rooms , either . 
 when claire suggested the pub , i laughed : i 'd never seen paul take a drink in his life . 
 but in the end , that 's where we found him , alone at the pub . 
 it was obvious , too , that he 'd been drinking all throughout the exam . 
 when we sat down at the bar beside him he looked at us , hunched his back defensively , and said something in a voice so hushed and secretive that i could n't hear a word . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i said . 
 he clenched his tight shoulders even tighter , and pronounced every syllable as if he were talking to a slow child : `` it wants to be the voice . '' '' 
 ... what ? '' 
 and then paul said something like this : `` the echo wants to be the voice . 
 it 's resented me since the day i was born . 
 it 's been sneering at me all the time , and waiting . '' 
 claire and i glanced at each other with growing unease . 
 `` come on , '' i said to paul . 
 `` let 's get you home . '' 
 `` you 'll stay with me , wo n't you ... ? '' 
 i could sense the panic welling behind those hidden eyes . 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 `` sure . 
 we both will . 
 but let 's get moving . '' 
 by that time , the sun had already set . 
 the rising moon was straight ahead of us , dazzling our eyes as we walked through that tunnel of trees on our way to the downhill staircase . 
 i had run along this route so many times before , driven on by paul and his mania for sports , but now it troubled me to see him so nervous and defeated , so much a prey to something he could barely describe . 
 he walked ahead of us without a word , his back hunched , his hands thrust deep into his coat pockets . 
 suddenly he stopped , whipped his head around to the side , and held up a silencing hand . 
 `` hear that ? '' 
 he said . 
 all i 'd heard until that moment was the crunch of fallen leaves underfoot , and now , all i could hear was the rattling of stray aspen leaves on the branches overhead . 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` your ears are playing tricks on you . '' 
 he paused , unsatisfied , then stuck his hands back in his coat pockets and moved on . 
 claire and i glanced at each other again , feeling more concerned than ever , but we kept our silence and followed him . 
 we were just a few metres from the stairhead when paul stopped again . 
 he spun around to face us . 
 with the moon behind him , he was in shadow , but from the stance i could tell that he was terrified . 
 `` you must have heard that ! '' 
 he said . 
 i 'll admit , my patience had worn down to nothing . 
 `` paul -- '' then he grabbed me with trembling hands and forced me to turn backward . 
 `` there it is , '' he whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` there it is , look at it . 
 look at it ! '' 
 `` get a grip on yourself ! 
 there 's nothing there . '' 
 he let go , and i turned to see him inching backward , into the blazing moonlight . 
 `` i 'm the voice , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm the voice , not you . '' 
 then he shouted , `` an echo 's not a voice ! '' 
 and with a choking cry he turned and ran in blind panic toward the staircase . 
 i lunged toward him , but claire grabbed me from behind . 
 she kept me from falling . 
 she held me steady as i watched paul tumble like a broken puppet all the way down the hillside stairs . 
 all the way down . 
 3 from an obstetrician 's memories by marcel dumont : i have never lost a mother 's child , but i have experienced something equally painful : the death , after several years , of a child i once brought into this world . 
 and sadly , that child turned out to be the first i had delivered : paul bertrand . 
 although he was a neighbour , just as everyone in that small town was a neighbour of mine , i had lost track of paul over the years until a nurse told me that he had fallen to his death . 
 to my vast regret , i missed the funeral . 
 on the next afternoon , i paid a visit to his grave . 
 it was a cold day in december , but brightly sunlit ; the wind was gentle , the snow had not yet fallen . 
 the cemetery caretaker pointed out the path to follow ; the grave was just beyond a winding cedar hedge . 
 as i walked beside the hedge , my thoughts were distracted by a deep , low chuckling : an unpleasantly repetitive sound of smug exultation . 
 i puzzled over this anomaly until i turned the corner ; then i recoiled at the sight of an impossibly tall figure writhing on the soil in front of paul 's gravestone , rolling on the grave as a dog rolls on the carcass of a rotting animal . 
 the figure surged to its feet , leered down at me -- and in the shadowed eyes , in the deep black sockets of its face , i recognized that hallucinatory giant from the hospital . 
 i must have cried out ; i certainly stumbled backward and twisted to regain my balance . 
 when i looked up again , the figure was gone . 
 as with any other hallucination , the time between its abrupt appearance and equally abrupt disappearance had lasted no more than a few heartbeats . 
 for a few heartbeats more , i stared down at the poorly-raked soil in front of paul 's gravestone , and told myself that grief had caused this flashback : grief , and fatigue from long , hard hours at work . 
 i must have been more tired than i realized , for as i turned and walked away , i seemed to hear once more from behind the cedar hedge that low , exultant chuckling , until it faded like an echo in the wind . 
 ***** who would remain ? 
 after two days of trying to phone her mother , colleen lambert was ready to punch the silence . 
 calling had been the first priority the moment she had been released from jail , and she had kept the phone ringing for minutes at a time . 
 the protest rally continued ; the conferences , the teach-ins , the strategy meetings filled the hours on thursday and friday ; but as time dragged on , colleen found it hard to focus on politics , and easy to fear that something was wrong back home . 
 on friday night she called the tremblays , the farmers who lived just down the road from her mother 's house , and again she let the phone ring for a long time . 
 by that point , she knew that something would have to be done . 
 and so , on saturday morning long before daylight , colleen set out on the two-hour drive north along the gatineau river to her mother 's farm ; not even november 's first blizzard could stop her . 
 just beyond a town the size of a stunted church and cemetery , her car struggled up a narrow dirt road into a range of night-black hills . 
 she had spent her childhood there , scaling bluffs of shattered rock and wandering through hollows choked with cedar . 
 yet now , as the road dipped and climbed through darkness , the land felt like uncharted wilderness . 
 the unlit farmhouses were scattered and few , like outposts on the edge of the world , and the only lights in all these hills were the headlight beams of her car , flickering through tumbling snow . 
 the dry and powdery snowfall was thinning out at last , and her tires crunched through unplowed drifts without sliding . 
 against her will , she found herself lulled by the blankness of the road . 
 yet as she rounded the curve of a low hill , a red heap swept into the light . 
 she stamped on the brake and watched the heap swerve past her into darkness . 
 gripping the wheel , she fought the slow , dreamlike skid until the car came lurching to a stop . 
 centered in the rear-view mirror , something bulged beyond the red stain of the brake lights . 
 she stared for a moment , half-aware of the rumbling motor and the dragging sweep of the windshield wipers . 
 then she braced herself , took the flashlight from the seat beside her and stepped out into the cold . 
 snow squeaked like styrofoam with every step -- a sound that made her teeth ache -- and the night smelled of car exhaust and ice . 
 the flashlight beam , no brighter than a candle flame , settled on a ragged mound of fabric , vividly red beneath a veil of snow . 
 she paced within the tire tracks and studied the mound at a careful distance , then crossed over and thrust the light forward . 
 a bathrobe , apparently . 
 nothing but a red bathrobe . 
 bending close , peering through the mist of her own shallow breaths , colleen saw the light reflected from a pair of dead eyes . 
 she clapped a hand to her mouth and stumbled backward . 
 the dim light wavered and picked out the child 's feet , bare and yellowed like old ivory . 
 she swept the beam further and saw the line of tiny footprints partially buried : along with her tire tracks , they formed the only trail in sight . 
 like colleen , the child had been heading northward , and if the prints were any indication , not so long before . 
 she took a deep breath and crouched beside the body , forcing herself to reach out and feel for any pulse on the chill throat , for any hint of vapor from the gaping mouth . 
 several minutes later , she forced herself to stop . 
 when she pulled the rigid bathrobe aside to check for any wound , the livid pallor of naked skin sent her staggering away . 
 leaning on the car , struggling to breathe , she told herself that she could have set out earlier , driven faster . 
 she could have made a difference ; she felt certain of that . 
 at the door she hesitated , torn between responsibilities . 
 leaving the body there on the road would deny everything she stood for , but moving it might destroy evidence and any chance of finding out where the child had come from . 
 she had no faith in policemen -- in her social activist work , she had been arrested too many times for her to trust them -- but they would have to do . 
 staring at the footprints , she wondered what people would find at the other end of that fading trail . 
 a grieving family ? 
 a leering face ? 
 or a trackless field in a windswept clearing , where any hope of answers disappeared ? 
 she left the child on the snow , with a blanket from her car spread carefully upon it -- an empty gesture , far too late . 
 she had to find the nearest telephone . 
 speeding down the hillside , she thought of the tremblays . 
 they knew her mother ; they had taken up the haying on her land , now that she no longer farmed . 
 colleen remembered the frustration of trying to phone them earlier that week . 
 they had better be home , she told herself , and repeated the phrase like a song until their mailbox gleamed in the headlights . 
 she pulled up beside an old plymouth white with snow . 
 there were no prints on the way to the kitchen and no lights within . 
 no lights came on when she hammered at the door . 
 when her hands began to ache she gave up and crossed over to the barnyard . 
 it hardly felt like morning . 
 the black clouds bore angry patches of scarlet ; beyond these hills the sun rose , but here the night held fast . 
 she hugged herself against the cold and considered the trackless snow and the silent house , the empty yard and the gaping doorway of the barn . 
 another detail nagged at her : the silence . 
 on a winter 's morning , hungry cattle should have made their impatience loud and clear . 
 she braced herself and set out for the barn . 
 no one answered when she called , but from the entrance , she could hear the massed breathing of an unseen herd . 
 she fumbled for a light switch and blinked in the sudden glare . 
 locked in place between stanchions , a double row of hereford cattle stood in silence . 
 they ignored her as she walked past them down the aisle ; each white head pointed , instead , toward another open door at the far end of the building . 
 beyond , she could see a barren field and a red crack on the horizon that edged black hills with angry light and turned a line of fence posts into bloody spears . 
 yet straight ahead , the northern clouds remained as black as burnt-out valleys . 
 she glanced back at the herefords . 
 two dozen heads stared past her toward the outer darkness ; their breathing filled the barn with hollow whispers . 
 at first appearance , the field seemed empty , but when she stepped through the doorway she found herself beside a german shepherd poised with a watchdog 's tension . 
 it hardly noticed her ; it merely glanced her way when she stammered out a quiet `` hello . '' 
 ears upright , body braced and ready to lunge , the dog glared at whatever lay beyond that empty field . 
 colleen took the hint and watched for any movement . 
 nothing broke the quiet , yet after a moment she felt a slow stirring in the air , a mood of hushed anticipation . 
 the dead winter landscape concealed life within stillness . 
 in the hissing of crystalline snow through stiff grass-blades and the tidal rush of distant pines , she felt something else : a whisper as final as a fading breath , as revelatory as a moonrise . 
 she felt that she , too , would understand if she stood there and listened for something in the distance , something calling from the northern sky . 
 then a cold touch warned her that the wind had heightened ; if anything , the temperature had dropped in a moment . 
 colleen looked around her at the empty field and shook her head . 
 for a moment there , a vague impression had come to her like a half-remembered dream , only to fade away when she tried to recall it . 
 turning back to the doorway , she spotted a line of boot prints partially filled with snow . 
 from the side of the barn they trailed along the fence posts into the northern field . 
 as far as she could see in the twilight , there was no returning track . 
 she looked up to find the dog watching her . 
 when their stares met , the dog jerked its muzzle northward again . 
 something anxious in the movement -- as if she had caught it off guard at a moment of supreme urgency -- made her hasten through the barn and past the silent house to the shelter of her car . 
 ~ yet even in the car she felt exposed . 
 the gloom of night persisted , and disquiet nagged at her until she finally swept into her mother 's driveway and came to a sliding halt before the darkened house . 
 something was clearly wrong . 
 her mother always rose early and went outside even in the foulest weather , to show the world that her cane was a safety device but never a crutch . 
 yet today the snow around the porch was undisturbed , the chimney smokeless . 
 colleen opened the door onto a kitchen dark and cold . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 she thought of the phone , picked up the receiver and heard the normal dial tone humming in the silence , but that left her with the same troubling question . 
 `` mother ! '' 
 she bounded upstairs three steps at a time to her mother 's bedroom . 
 something smooth and straight almost tripped her up ; she groped about on the carpet until she touched her mother 's cane . 
 weak daylight filled the room when she tugged the curtains open . 
 a heap of blankets covered the bed ; she pulled them away and felt her heartbeat stutter in a frozen , dreamlike instant . 
 diane lambert lay with her knees and torso clenched like a fist , fully clothed , with a sweater , insulated socks , even a pair of winter gloves , as if she had dressed to go out before changing her mind . 
 when colleen reached down and gripped her shoulder gently , her eyes flickered open . 
 `` mother ? 
 it 's me , colleen . '' 
 her mother frowned . 
 then her eyes widened as if in sudden recollection , and she turned her head to stare at the wall on the far side of the room . 
 `` mother , what 's wrong ? '' 
 colleen took hold of her mother 's head and carefully turned it until they were face to face , but that stare never wavered from the wall across the room : the wall on the northern side . 
 `` mother , look at me . 
 damn it , look at me ! '' 
 diane closed her eyes . 
 when she opened them again she seemed to recognize her daughter for the first time . 
 `` the door , '' she said , with hardly more than a whisper . 
 colleen sighed with relief . 
 `` you never answered the phone . 
 what 's been going on here ? '' 
 she drew the blankets back over her mother and tucked them into place . 
 `` look at you , you 're shivering . '' 
 `` colleen . '' 
 her mother scowled , as if a memory had tugged at her . 
 `` the door is open . '' 
 `` the door 's closed . 
 but mom , it 's winter . 
 close every door in the house and you 'd still freeze . 
 why did n't you light the stove ? '' 
 there was no hint of fever on her mother 's face , no sign of illness , and yet ... `` when was the last time you ate ? 
 look , i 'll warm up something fast , get you on your feet again . 
 and then i really think you should come back with me . 
 i do n't want you here on your own . '' 
 diane blinked several times , rapidly , as if something had prompted her . 
 `` it 's time to go , colleen . '' 
 `` when you 've had some food , we 'll go . '' 
 `` we all have to go , now . 
 all of us . '' 
 tears welled in her mother 's eyes . 
 colleen stared back , struck into silence . 
 for the first time , she watched her mother cry ; it shocked her that tears alone could make her feel so helpless . 
 `` let me get the food , okay ? 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 retreating downstairs to the kitchen , she felt that helplessness increase . 
 a social activist , a fighter , she had stood up to cabinet ministers and corporate ceos , high-profile legal firms and armed guards at barricades . 
 she had never backed down from any confrontation . 
 but never had she come across anything like this , and with no one to face , no opponent , she could think of nothing to do but flee . 
 when she saw the telephone she remembered the child . 
 she dialed the emergency code and waited with growing anger for someone to pick up the phone on the other end . 
 then she went down the list of civic numbers taped to the wall . 
 she tried the police , the operator , the gatineau memorial hospital , the nearest garage , and anger gave way to anxiety . 
 she slammed the phone back in its cradle and felt the sudden weight of complete silence . 
 what was going on out there ? 
 her mother had no access to the web , and her only radio was an old am type that hardly worked in these hills ; it was boxed away somewhere . 
 there was no radio in colleen 's second-hand car . 
 so much for any news . 
 in the meantime , she was freezing . 
 she soon had a fire roaring in the wood stove , a can of soup warming in a pot , and a sense of accomplishment that she recognized as hollow . 
 she sank into a chair , propped her elbows on the kitchen table , and rubbed her face with cold hands . 
 all the worry and stress had left her feeling weak . 
 but the room was getting warm , and in this quiet moment she had time to cross her arms on the table , to rest her head there , to close her eyelids , if only for a moment . 
 in this quiet moment she could hear the crackling and the hissing of firewood , and in this quiet moment she could hear a voice that called inaudibly from the silence of the burnt-out sky . 
 she walked in a forest alive with the rustling of dead leaves , the brushing of pine needles , the furtive stirring of animals . 
 the door had opened ; the time had come for everyone to die . 
 something spoke to her and said , `` if the people were gone , who would remain ? '' 
 she listened to the furtive sounds and replied , `` the animals . '' 
 when the black clouds in the northern sky took on a hard edge of scarlet , she suddenly understood . 
 `` the animals would remain , '' she said , `` the animals ... and you . '' 
 she opened her eyes to darkness and sat up with a start . 
 the kitchen lights were off -- the power had failed . 
 the fire was out , and a cold wind sliced the air . 
 she groped her way to the porch and found the front door open , the snow gusting in from the night outside . 
 she went to slam the door but noticed something on the front step , a blemish on the almost phosphorescent pallor of the snow . 
 two sets of footprints : hers , from that morning , coming in , the other set going out . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 upstairs , quickly ; an empty bed , the blankets scattered . 
 then back downstairs and out into the wind . 
 from her car she took the flashlight , and swept its fading beam over the yard . 
 footprints , clear and sharp , lead out to the driveway and beyond . 
 with a grating protest , the engine stuttered to life . 
 the world leapt at her in the headlight beams : a swirling tunnel of snow with a line of footprints like holes punched through paper . 
 the car skidded from the driveway ; she wrenched at the wheel until the snow-tires gripped the road . 
 the blizzard had just begun , and with every twist in the road the air thickened with white . 
 she felt something snap beneath the tires and thought of her mother 's abandoned cane . 
 now the prints were scattered with the flailing of someone on hands and feet . 
 they veered off the road and trailed beside a fence ; she could see them at the rim of the headlight beams , and up ahead , a figure threshing in the snow . 
 the car slid and shuddered to a halt . 
 her mother hardly noticed her . 
 dragged to her feet , leaning on colleen 's arm , she marched alongside with mechanical , repetitive strides . 
 colleen led her to the car and pushed her onto the front seat . 
 while her mother sat quietly , staring ahead and gasping for breath , colleen examined her hands and feet . 
 no frostbite : the insulated socks , the heavy clothes , the winter gloves her mother had worn inside the house had kept her alive out in the cold , but without colleen to make a difference , how long would her mother have lasted ? 
 snowflakes as dry as salt crystals tumbled through the headlight beams , and the wind piled them into steepening drifts . 
 `` the weather 's getting bad , '' colleen said . 
 `` we ca n't reach town , and if we get stuck on the road , we 'll freeze to death . 
 we 'll have to go back . '' 
 a crunching u-turn brought her face-to-face with her own tire tracks , the rapidly-fading signs of her rescue attempt . 
 colleen glowered at the sight , then reached over and clicked her mother 's seat belt into place . 
 `` but if i have to nail the doors shut to keep you inside , i 'll do it . '' 
 skidding down into a deep hollow , she felt the spinning tires chew their way to the road and yank the car forward . 
 the snowdrifts up ahead were smaller and she allowed herself to breathe again . 
 her fingers ached on the steering wheel ; she relaxed her grip and was flexing her hands when someone staggered onto the road ahead of her . 
 she wrenched at the wheel . 
 the car veered against the wooded bank ; in a spray of snow and shattered twigs it scraped and bucked to a stop . 
 colleen felt herself thrown forward against the seatbelt and just as abruptly thrown back . 
 in the sudden quiet , she glanced at her mother . 
 diane stared at the windshield wipers as they rubbed dry snow , slivers of tree bark and pine needles back and forth ; she seemed dazed but unhurt . 
 colleen turned to peer ahead as someone stumbled up the bank and forced their way into the woods . 
 `` he never even saw us . '' 
 she pressed the car horn several times , then pushed the door open and stepped into the stinging wind . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` come back ! '' 
 the wind struck her eyes , blinding her . 
 at the edge of the road she called between the trees ; it was like shouting down a well . 
 beneath the creaking boughs , she heard wood snap and footsteps crunch -- the clumsy passage of someone heading northward . 
 she called again , repeatedly , until the noises faded and the snow sifting through pine needles made her think of dust in an empty house . 
 when she returned to the car , she found her mother peering through the window at the northern sky . 
 there was no expression on her mother 's face , only that intense , inexplicable stare . 
 colleen watched her for a moment , then turned to face the road ahead , and suddenly found herself trembling . 
 she imagined a call from beyond these hills , spreading out above the world like a silent burst of thunder ; whatever it might be , she was deaf to it . 
 then again , that dream in the kitchen : perhaps that had been a tremor , an echo of the unheard voice . 
 if this were true , then how far would it spread ? 
 she nodded to herself and gripped the wheel . 
 `` i do n't care what you have to say , '' she whispered , and pressed down on the gas pedal . 
 `` we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 ~ the blizzard died by morning , and after a day without daylight , the moon swelled and faded behind racing clouds . 
 colleen watched from the bedroom window while her mother slept beside her ; she had slept throughout the day , linked to her daughter by a length of twine . 
 when she struggled in her sleep with feeble movements , colleen reached for the twine and held it tight , remembering her own dream of the day before . 
 with the wood stove in the kitchen just below them , the bedroom was warm . 
 their food would last for several weeks if they were careful . 
 but afterward ... ? 
 colleen had tried the telephone throughout the night , but it was dead . 
 all she could know of the outside world would have to come from here , this seat by the window , and she spent hours watching moonlight flicker on snow . 
 then the people passed by . 
 at first only one figure waded through the fields , but soon another staggered into view , and then it seemed as if the crowd would never stop flowing northward . 
 from this far away it looked almost unreal , this long , slow march toward extinction . 
 her mother moaned and shivered , locked within a dream . 
 colleen thought of her stumbling out to join that march , and held the twine with a firm grip . 
 she could remember times when she had been afraid of coming home to find her mother dead ; it seemed to her a terrible thing , to die alone . 
 for the first time , she wondered if diane had felt the same dread for her ; when she awoke , colleen would have to ask . 
 death was too final a truth to disregard until the last moment , and facing the reality of another 's death after the fact would be an empty gesture , far too late : one that would deny everything she stood for . 
 colleen bent at the window , lifted the sash and leaned out into the night . 
 she took an aching breath of cold air , and shouted , `` over here ! '' 
 the dying struggled past her , heading northward . 
 `` not that way ! 
 over here ! '' 
 somewhere , the door had opened , and the call had spread from the burnt-out sky . 
 `` wake up ! 
 fight it ! '' 
 and when the people were gone , who would remain ? 
 `` listen to me ! '' 
 the animals would remain ... the animals , and you . 
 ***** the weight of its awareness as the decades had gone by , mikhail had come to doubt the reality of the tall blind houses near the canal . 
 they began to seem like rippled images on dark water , like shadows in a twilit dream : he had been eighteen years old when he had first caught a glimpse of their gables and cupolas high above the concealing stone wall , and at eighteen his mind had been unreliable , haunted by a need for hills beyond the map . 
 then one night , when he was fifty-five , he awoke and found himself huddled beneath twisted blankets , far away from dawn . 
 he could hardly breathe : an oppressive weight seemed to bear down upon him , and trapped by his confusion , he felt as if the source of that weight were a pair of eyes , as if the mere act of being seen had crushed his ribcage and squeezed the blood from his heart . 
 after a moment of panic , the sense of being crushed began to fade . 
 mikhail sat up , waited for his breathing to grow steady , then tossed aside the covers and rose to his feet . 
 he crossed the bedroom and stood before the window , where the darkness outside matched the darkness within . 
 tugging the bathrobe tightly around his chest , clenching at the fibrous carpet with his toes , he stared at the long array of lightless windows from the apartment buildings that surrounded his . 
 nocturnal paralysis , he told himself . 
 a nightmare . 
 yet if he had been the victim of a dream , all he could remember was a glimpse of hard , pitiless eyes ... and yes , the gables , the cupolas , the high stone wall . 
 so many decades had come and gone , so many compromises had worn away his confidence and freedom , since that day when he had wandered along the canal to that vague , far-off place . 
 since then , he had taken dull flat pathways recommended by businessmen , employers , customers . 
 he had served the hopes and expectations of other people , but never his own . 
 now he thought of pathways never taken , or of pathways buried under time ; he suddenly felt old and withered . 
 at that moment he resolved to settle once and for all the old mystery , to see if the tall blind houses near the canal had been real . 
 at this point of his life , he very much needed for something to be real . 
 ~ he left his apartment at sunrise on that cool , clear day in autumn , and walked all morning on the low embankment beside the canal . 
 at the edge of town the concrete sidewalk gradually crumbled and became a path of dusty clay , and he followed this route beyond the sagging warehouses , beyond the rusted lines of long-abandoned railways , beyond the weed-choked vacant lots and the long-neglected fields , to meadows where clumps of twisted hawthorn and stands of spreading sumac eventually gave way to a dense forest of pine . 
 at every gust of wind from the pale blue sky , the pines reached out with brushing needles to block his way , and shivers rippled across the stillness of the black water . 
 but he pulled himself back into the warmth of memory ; and very soon , he was eighteen years old again . 
 ~ at eighteen , mikhail had wandered compulsively , and one spring day he had followed the canal in search of something he could barely define to himself , something driven by the needs of a younger man : not a hillside out of fantasy with broken columns and jeweled idols , not a girl out of daydreams with a sudden , shy smile , but something less tangible : perhaps a reason to live , perhaps hope in a future . 
 he had followed this dirt pathway until it reached a narrow creek that intersected the canal at a right angle . 
 on the near side of the creek , the clutching pines had given way to a thick , writhing stand of cedars ; on the far side loomed a wall of grey stone that formed a high barrier along the creek . 
 where the pathway came to an end , black steps glinting with mica led down to a lawn that bordered the creek like a green alley . 
 mikhail descended the steps to the neatly-cut grass , and walked between shaken cedars on one side and high wall on the other , until wall and forest angled outward to form a small , enclosed park . 
 here the creek expanded into a shallow pool , an oval of tourquoise-blue cement . 
 iridescent squares of indigo , purple , and magenta formed an abstract mosaic that uncoiled on the floor like a jewelled serpent , and led the eye down a narrowing channel , where the water disappeared into the darkness of a grilled opening in a wall that brought the park to its end . 
 he stood for a long time in the warm sunlight and the cold silence . 
 no bird , no insect broke the quiet , and the cedars were now as motionless as any group of trees in a photograph . 
 beyond the canal itself , there seemed to be no exit : the cedars behind him formed a thick hedge , the outlet beside him was barred like an art nouveau cage , the stone wall before him stretched far above his reach . 
 and up there , just beyond a crowning barricade of intensely white marble , rose a line of houses . 
 their high projecting gables , lean mansard roofs like squeezed rectangular bells lined with green copper , dark red-shingled cupolas , bristling rows of black iron spikes on blade-sharp ridges , all suggested the victorian style known as queen anne , all suggested concealed dwellers with a taste for chaotic design . 
 and the dwellers were truly concealed , for at no point on that long array of upper storeys did he notice any windows . 
 there were settings built for windows -- dormers curved and rectangular , gabled and eyebrowed ; ornamental wooden panels bordered with black or jade green shutters ; blind arcades of polychromatic tiles that formed glittering unicorns and bright , leaping goats ; curved , boxlike or canted structures that bulged from high walls like assertive bay windows -- but no glass , no panes through which any dweller could see or be seen . 
 compelled by that strangeness , mikhail tried to gain a better view , but the stone wall seemed impossible to climb without a rope , and the cedars blocked the other way . 
 instead , he returned to the canal , hoping to find another entrance . 
 but the wall formed a right angle where it met the water , and lined the canal as far as he could see . 
 with no more pathway to follow , with no obvious way to reach the tall blind houses , the only place left to go had been the route back home . 
 ~ since then , the years had passed , devoured by work and by all the disappointments born of compromise . 
 the houses had come to seem like a fantasy , like a dream half-recalled . 
 but now , decades later , here he was on the dusty pathway ... and there was the intersecting creek . 
 sunlight burned on the slow water . 
 he blocked the glare with a raised hand and saw the grey stone wall on the far side , and just ahead , the black stairway starred with mica , exactly as he had remembered . 
 he descended to the well-cut lawn , and found himself at the entrance to the shadowed alley between high stone wall and thick mass of cedars . 
 after a few paces , both fell away ; the passage widened , and there , up ahead , was the concealed park . 
 but now the park was different . 
 it was no longer empty : the lawn was crowded with tightly-grouped sculptures and statues . 
 some were formed of wrought iron , green or black ; others of marble , salmon pink or white ; and a few had been daubed with bold reds that gleamed in the angled sunlight of late afternoon . 
 for a moment he stood in surprise ; then he stepped forward and turned to face the nearest group of statues . 
 he peered at this tableau for what seemed a long frozen time , and felt a growing chill that had nothing to do with autumn . 
 before him stood a man of white marble . 
 life-sized and life-like in all its details , it clutched at the air with hands on which every tendon stood out in ridges of extreme pain . 
 every tendon stood out on its neck as it reared backwards and screamed in silence at the sky . 
 its body was contorted with agony , surrounded and pressed in from all sides by three distorted creatures of black wrought iron : diseased unicorns the size of clydesdales , emaciated , skeletal at many points , yet with slabs of muscle that bulged in brutal exertion as they crushed the man between their shoulders and chests , muscles that clenched like tree roots on their straining necks as they reached down with black teeth to tear at the screaming face . 
 appalled , mikhail turned away , and noticed that the pool was also different . 
 the iridescent mosaic was gone , replaced by a sculpted representation of an undersea floor . 
 in the clear , shallow water , a thick mass of weeds like dark green spears tipped with red lined the bottom of the pool , and partially entangled , partially concealed , lay the supine body of a dead man . 
 only the arched torso could be seen ; that , and the lower part of the head , with its gaping mouth . 
 the pale stone of the corpse had a vaguely greenish hue , a sickly green that looked too convincingly realistic -- as realistic as the long jade form of a sea serpent , coiled in a choking circle around the corpse , and lurking in the weeds for another victim . 
 from its head extended a long , backwards-leaning spike or spine , poisonously red and obviously deadly ; its one visible eye peered up through the water with calm reptilian patience -- directly , it seemed , at mikhail . 
 the water trembled with sudden ripples : the wind seemed sharper , now , and much more cold . 
 he turned away , and nearly stumbled into the next tableau . 
 lean goatish figures of pale stone , tall as human beings and equally bipedal , with insane eyes rolled upwards in each socket , with yellow teeth gaping and shallow jaws red with slick paint , they crouched , lunged at each other with lowered horns or cloven hooves , fought with each other to grab a torn , flayed bundle that one of the creatures hugged to itself possessively with snarling greed : the mutilated body of a human child . 
 mikhail hunched himself against the sight and turned away , but every space to right or left confronted him with some new atrocity in stone . 
 and so he peered up instead at the crazed high rooftops of the partially concealed houses ; he looked up and saw that every house had windows : from every gable and dormer , black panes glinted like the eyes of a waiting spider . 
 and then the wind faltered , and gave way to a throbbing silence . 
 in one angular bay window high above , a casement swung open . 
 from the darkness within , a head pivotted and squeezed itself into the daylight . 
 impossibly huge , lean and hairless , it revealed a pair of hard eyes that narrowed at the sight of him , and then glared down with a solar intensity . 
 without sound , without words , in a shattering voice that went right to the skull , it spoke to him : i know you . 
 i know exactly what you fear . 
 ~ at the ragged limits of the pine forest , mikhail stopped running , clutched at his ribcage and struggled to breathe . 
 then he trudged between the wild meadows and the dark canal until he no longer felt the need to gasp for air , until his mind began to function again and the sumacs and hawthorns , the pale autumn grass , the slanting daylight began to seem real . 
 yet reality was tainted by the impossible memory of that face , by the spreading cancer of that image in his mind . 
 trees and grass , dark water and pale blue sky , none of it seemed to matter any more . 
 `` how do i get this out of my head ? '' 
 he thought , but no matter how far he travelled that day , no matter how dazzling the low sun , how sharp the cold air , he could never shake off the sense of crushing weight within his mind . 
 ~ that night he dreamt of something in a high narrow house . 
 it knew him . 
 it had watched him from the darkness at the moment of his birth , it would watch him from the darkness at the moment of his death . 
 it knew exactly what he feared . 
 in the dream , it erupted from the window , spread itself across the sky below the moon , and cast its midnight shadow on the land . 
 it rushed onward like a storm , seeking one particular mind ; and then , from the distance of the night , it sensed him : a small thing , a trembling reed before the weight of its awareness . 
 it lunged at his window , directly at his window . 
 mikhail shook himself awake and found himself huddled beneath twisted blankets , far away from dawn . 
 he looked up at his bedroom window , where the darkness outside matched the darkness within . 
 clutching at the blankets , he stared into the blackness until the window burst open . 
 ***** the vast impatience of the night in the season of dead weather between the last dry leaf and the first hard frost , on a clear day of cold skies , janet richardson found herself enacting the same old rituals in a farmhouse parlour full of widows . 
 she had been there since morning , after the ambulance had taken ryan lindstrom . 
 his wife rita still remained upstairs , in a closed-off bedroom , and the widows helped as much as they could while their neighbour mourned in drawn-curtain darkness . 
 downstairs , with a mug of cold coffee in one hand , a pencil stub in the other , janet copied telephone numbers from a well-thumbed notepad . 
 she held up a scrap of paper , and called out , `` there 's a daughter in ottawa . 
 can somebody phone her ? '' 
 mrs. beacon in the corner nodded yes . 
 other widows called out requests of their own : `` can somebody get the horses in before dark ? 
 do the horses get oats , or hay ? 
 has anyone heard from that sister in montreal ? 
 can somebody stay the night ? 
 -- i have to get home , my daughters need supper . '' 
 then janet glanced up at the pale blue sky beyond the white lace curtains , and realized that she , too , would have to leave . 
 in the front hallway , she met annie seidel coming in from the barn . 
 `` it 's freezing out there , '' said annie ; her fogged-up glasses and red face offered proof . 
 `` it 's more like winter than fall . 
 will you be warm enough ? '' 
 `` i 'll be dressed for winter . 
 you have to be , this time of year , when you ride a bike . '' 
 annie wiped her nose and smiled . 
 `` yes , from my kitchen window , i 've seen you going past in the evenings . 
 you looked like the ski patrol on wheels . 
 i remember telling bry -- '' she caught herself , gazed up at janet with apologetic frankness ; but janet replied with a gentle smile and a reassuring touch on the arm . 
 `` it 's all right , '' she said . 
 then she glanced toward the darkened stairwell just beyond the hallway . 
 `` but it 's going to be hard on rita . 
 she 'll need a lot of time . '' 
 annie nodded , with a distant look on her face . 
 `` you know ... '' she said , `` you know , i always thought i 'd miss piter at night . 
 but no . 
 it 's in the morning , at breakfast . 
 it 's when i pick up the coffee pot . '' 
 with a rueful smile , she turned her eyes to janet . 
 `` i used to fill the pot all the way , but now i never do . 
 there 's only me . 
 i 'm the only one left . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 janet felt the need to say more , but after the long afternoon at the widow 's house , words failed her . 
 `` will you be back tomorrow , jan ? '' 
 `` yes , but now i need to get home before dark . 
 my girls are waiting for me . '' 
 `` at least it 's clear out there . '' 
 clear and pale above the gently-stirring moire network of the pines and the white clutch of the aspens , the western sky was a calm pool of late november light . 
 but as her bicycle clattered over the pebbles of the lindstrom driveway , the northern sky came into view beyond the trees ; by the time janet reached the dirt road , she could see the broad expanse of the gatineau hills , the rounded peaks of granite and evergreen tinged with amber from the lowering sun . 
 this would have to be a fast ride . 
 home was in a valley far away , and she wanted to avoid the increasing cold of nightfall . 
 at first , her eyes watered from the sting of rushing air , and she could feel the ache of that air on the circle of her face unprotected by the hug of the ski mask ; but soon the warmth of exertion took away the chill , and she began to enjoy the sense of motion . 
 a tough bike for tough roads : it kept her sane . 
 every day , after all the farm chores and housework , she had to escape from routine ; and every year , after the snow-melt in april to the first blizzard of december , she escaped on her bike . 
 it brought her back to childhood , to the sense of freedom and exploration that she had known during long summer twilights , in years long past . 
 thanks to bryden -- she winced at the memory , but set her jaw , squeezed the handlebars , and allowed the line of thought to continue . 
 thanks to bryden . 
 he had once asked her if she felt regrets in choosing a life that was far away from their old one of city commutes , lab work , and the labyrinth of faculty politics ; but no , she loved the farm , she loved these hills , and she was glad they had chosen to get away together . 
 if she missed anything , it was the freedom of those long summer bike rides , and she described them in warm detail . 
 then , one morning less than a week later , she had found a bicycle helmet on the kitchen table , and a note that mentioned something new in the tractor shed . 
 how he had managed to scrape up the money , she never asked ; but from that day onward , she rode whenever she could . 
 for her , it was a private joy , but bryden had smiled whenever she set out , smiled even more when she returned after dark . 
 that was bryden : always generous , always happy with her happiness . 
 she took a deep breath of air , held it inside until she felt its cold sting fade , then exhaled slowly until she felt empty again . 
 bryden was gone . 
 and now ryan lindstrom was gone , and rita would mourn for him , just as annie seidel had mourned for piter , just as all the other wives had mourned for their dead husbands . 
 so many widows . 
 cedars passing , now , on each side of the road . 
 grey , twisted pods of milkweed , shrivelled in the cold air . 
 blackened flowerheads of dying clover . 
 everything died , eventually ; she knew this in her bones . 
 death was merely the cost of having lived , of having built and maintained a tough cell wall against entropy . 
 no life could be permanent , in this universe . 
 perhaps , in a few billion years , the universe itself would die . 
 how could she resent a universal pattern ? 
 and so she felt no resentment . 
 but she did feel a very human sadness , a very human sense of loss . 
 it was the price that humans paid for belonging in a universe where everything died . 
 love itself , cooperation , caring and compassion , were successful byproducts of that struggle against a harsh , impersonal universe , and her own love for bryden , for her daughters , for all the neighbours around her , was a living sign of that old , evolutionarily stable strategy . 
 love was part of her birthright , coded within every cell of her body , and it showed just how clearly and how fully she belonged in this cold and hard yet beautiful , wonderful place . 
 breathing in the chill air , facing the pale blue sky , she felt that it was good to belong here , even if belonging meant death . 
 she was glad that she had loved . 
 even if nothing in the universe lurked beyond humanity to care for human beings , humans cared . 
 and so they loved , as fiercely as the years would allow them ; and then they lost . 
 they became widows , all of them . 
 so many widows . 
 she was thinking in circles , but she made no effort to stop herself . 
 perhaps it was a kind of mourning . 
 on her left , the cedar forest gave way to a long hillside green with tough , late-season grass . 
 the road in front of her dipped leftward to follow the long contours of that hill into a narrow valley far below . 
 but something down there blocked the road and concealed the fenced-in meadows : it bulged on the valley floor like a solid patch of cloud , and it shone with a deep orange hue like a warning flare . 
 with a slight pressure on the rear brake handle , she coasted down the hillside and stared at the well-defined outlines of the fog as it loomed in the clear light ahead . 
 it looked like a solid form , a deep orange mass , and it was odd enough to make her slow to a halt . 
 she braced herself with a foot on the road , and stared at something she had never seen before . 
 was it a cloud , or a barricade ? 
 she would have expected that deep orange hue in sunset clouds far overhead , but never on the ground like this , and never in a deep valley hidden from the sun . 
 to the right , northward , she had a clear view of the sky , and for the first time she noticed two similar clouds high above the rounded hills : equally defined , equally striking in their deep orange colour . 
 at this time of day , they seemed perfectly normal . 
 she turned back to face the barricade of cloud . 
 it 's nothing , she thought . 
 just an odd effect of the light , that 's all . 
 she raised her foot back to the pedal and pushed herself into motion . 
 but when she entered the cloud , she found herself in a whirling storm of snowflakes . 
 almost black against the deep orange light , thick and heavy , they swarmed from all directions and struck her with a barrage of soft , wet impacts . 
 blinking , struggling to see , she almost fell off the bike in her effort to maintain balance . 
 then she braced herself on the road , wiped the dripping slush from cold eyebrows , and cupped her hands to protect the naked circle of her face , to gain a better view . 
 but that made no difference : beyond her own body and the limits of her bicycle , she could see nothing but the orange light and the swarming insect spirals of the snow . 
 she dismounted from the bike , took a firm grip on the handlebars , and pushed forward . 
 with her head down to protect her eyes , she could see how thoroughly coated with soft wet flakes the road had become ; every step was now a sliding , fumbling struggle , and the bike resisted every tug . 
 again she wiped her face , then glanced forward . 
 the road was invisible ; she could only see the rapidly fading lines of a barbed wire fence on the right-hand side , her only clue for direction . 
 she pushed ahead -- then stopped . 
 two figures waited by the fence . 
 tall and vague , they were almost concealed by the orange light and the tumbling snow ... but she could see them . 
 by reflex alone , she called out , `` hello ? '' 
 the figures waited in silence . 
 she gripped the handlebars , ready to flee . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 no reply . 
 squinting her eyes , she tried to peer beyond the rushing pattern of snow , until she suddenly understood what lurked in front of her : a pair of tall wooden posts , thick and strong enough to support a wooden gateway leading to a field ... a gateway without a gate . 
 she released her breath in a sigh that became an awkward burst of laughter -- at the snow , at the light , at herself . 
 i have to get home , she thought . 
 my girls are waiting for me . 
 again , a firm grip on the handlebars , a steady push , a few more sliding steps in the snow . 
 and then she walked out into the final , clear light of day 's end . 
 the road , the fields , the trees that blocked the western view ahead of her , were completely free of snow , and the sky was the palest of pale blues . 
 behind her , the wall of cloud seemed as completely solid as ever , but its colour was fading . 
 she stood and watched the orange glow turn to stormcloud grey while she brushed the snow from her jacket , then she looked at the northern sky and saw more clouds in the distance , edged with scarlet in the last high rays of the hidden sun , trailing thick veils of snow upon the black hills . 
 a trick of the light , she thought . 
 local weather conditions . 
 nothing unusual . 
 but she had a long trip ahead , and night was on the way . 
 ~ within a few kilometres of home , the night caught up with her . 
 the full moon became an opalescent smear upon the sky , then darkened into black . 
 in the beam of her headlamp , a few random snowflakes drifted and gleamed like dustmotes , then increased to block her view in a blinding tunnel of cold stars . 
 she stepped down from the bike , turned off the headlamp , and found herself in a bone-grey world with a hint of solid darkness on the left , where the mountainside formed a rampart of ghostly aspen trunks . 
 to the right , open fields vanished into nowhere . 
 the only sense of life and motion came through the trudging of her boots , the sliding unsteadiness of the bicycle at her side , the cold melting kisses on the unprotected circle of her face . 
 soon , like a faded sketch in charcoal , a stand of pine and cedar loomed ahead on the right , a sign that she had finally made it to the route leading home . 
 every time she followed this road , she thought of steps . 
 from the mountainside , the land extended westward beyond the trees into slanting meadows , then dipped suddenly to reach more level fields , then fell into a region of hills and deep valleys : three steps , with her farm and her daughters on the second . 
 she was out of the woods , now , on step number one . 
 the snowflakes increased in size and number , and their fumbling touch on her face made her think of wet cobwebs . 
 at last the roadway dipped in front of her , and she could vaguely sense the level fields that spread themselves below . 
 from this vantage point on a clear night , she would have seen the lights of her house , but now the vaguely phosphorescent greyness concealed everything down there . 
 yet far beyond the concealed house , on what should have been the horizon , a flickering in the powdery grey suggested a last orange beam of sunset , half seen beyond the racing clouds . 
 but that was impossible : by this hour , the sun had long vanished . 
 at any rate , she could hardly trust her eyes . 
 they were stinging from the wet barrage of snowflakes , and thoroughly tired of this pale substitute for light . 
 but home was now fifteen minutes away , or less . 
 she held the bicycle firmly and half walked , half slid to the level ground of step number two . 
 the open field on her left was a vaguely luminous grey zone without limits , but on the right , a wire fence gave her some hint of geography in this bone-coloured void , some reassurance that the world remained a place where she belonged . 
 there it was again , that flickering . 
 this time , she could see a pale tower of flame-coloured light , moving slowly but steadily on what should have been the rim of this level step . 
 perhaps it was a headlight beam from a truck down there , concealed in a valley of step number three . 
 the beam sank like a guttering candle flame , flickered and faded , then reached toward the sky on the road ahead . 
 at last , the world had a visible boundary , and something was down there , coming up the hill . 
 a snowplow ? 
 she could always hope . 
 pushing the bike toward the wire fence , she peered at the rising beam . 
 sometimes , at night , she had encountered vehicles on this road , and she always loved to watch the beams of their headlights rise and then fall , to spread outwards like a fan of light as the cars reached the top of the hill and came into view . 
 but this time , instead of collapsing to reveal a pair of distant headlights , the orange beam rose higher like a warning flare . 
 it rose into the sky , an impossible height that increased impossibly , and against that ray of light the snowflakes whirled like the burnt-out stars of a dead galaxy . 
 and then , in a shout of light , a dazzling sunset flamed into being on the road ahead . 
 it lengthened , reached into the sky , became a blinding orange pillar that bent in the middle and pressed itself down upon the road , where it bulged and flexed as another pillar rose into view beside it . 
 suddenly , janet recognized these forms , and knew that she was looking at a pair of huge arms , gnarled and swollen with straining muscles of light . 
 there were no hands : gouts of light resembling drops of molten steel seeped from the ragged stumps . 
 a third form burst into view , became a scarred , faceless head , extended further to reveal a pair of thrusting shoulders . 
 like a severely-deformed and wounded child struggling through a tiny window frame , this gigantic being of light reached forward and tried to heave itself onto the road . 
 at her side , the bicycle fell and hit the snow : a muffled sound that registered vaguely in some tiny , unterrified portion of her mind . 
 the seeping stumps fumbled against the ground , swept back and forth , until one rose like a tower , toppled like a club , and crashed against the road with a soundless impact , but one that sent the fallen snow leaping and surging towards her . 
 she flinched away , but the shockwave knocked her against the wire fence and whipped overhead , a brief , howling blizzard suddenly there , suddenly gone . 
 she writhed in the snow , staggered to her feet , looked up in time to see the other monstrous arm crash down upon the road . 
 this time she threw herself to the ground and hid her face from the blast of snow that gusted like a sandstorm above her and beyond her . 
 then she stood , ran across the road , stumbled and fought her way through drifts of snow to reach the open field . 
 she looked back in time to see the blinding figure brace itself with both arms and heave itself further onto the rim of the world . 
 the flame colour was gone , replaced by an intensely painful white bordered with violet : she could feel it like a torch against her face . 
 the source of that pain was bloated and vast , several storeys tall at the shoulders , casting a light that sent wild shadows coursing along the low streaming clouds , yet something that pulled itself along the road like a desperate , crippled child emerging from a pit . 
 she turned away and staggered over snow , felt the impact of an arm upon the roadway , felt herself hurled to the ground by the shockwave . 
 shaking her head , she tried to throw off the dizziness of that impact , struggled to stand in the shifting snow . 
 then she looked up and found herself in a field crowded with people . 
 no , not people -- sculptures . 
 they had to be sculptures . 
 formed of glittering snow and ice , hundreds of figures stood and faced the aching , blue-haloed light from the roadway . 
 all were perfectly detailed ; the closest figures gleamed against the flickering shadows that concealed the rest . 
 she looked at the nearest faces , and with a jolt of recognition , she knew them . 
 ryan lindstrom . 
 piter seidel . 
 she recognized others , too : the lost husbands of local wives , their faces paralyzed in stark fear . 
 they seemed to be frozen in mid-scream , in a silent , extended agony of dead time . 
 shadows groped across the faces . 
 she turned and saw the bloated arm reaching from the roadway , the ragged stump twisting in the air and dripping hot light . 
 she dodged and lunged into the shadows between the men . 
 in the sudden darkness , she veered too late and crashed into a solid block of snow . 
 she clutched at the statue , felt the cold outlines of a head , braced herself to run again ; but the shadows fled and exposed the face beneath her hands to sudden view . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she whispered . 
 she recoiled and fell backwards , fought against the sliding snow to push herself away . 
 she had never seen that degree of terror on a human face , and it was more than she could witness , more than she could bear , to see it on the face of bryden . 
 light exploded in the sky . 
 she glanced up to see the bloated arm plunge like a dynamited tower . 
 a scream rang out , but not her own : the scream of many voices combined into one , that burst from the gaping , paralyzed mouths of all the men around her , from the frozen and the dead , from bryden . 
 she rolled over , clutched the back of her head , felt the ground leap at the impact . 
 and then the snow felt very still , the snow felt very soft . 
 ~ in the long silence and darkness , something began to whisper : `` get up you 'll freeze to death get up . '' 
 it was her own voice , cold and far away within her skull ; it was nothing of importance . 
 yet all the same her body stirred , and sat up . 
 the light , the men , the faces hard with agony , were all gone . 
 even the snow on the field was gone , blasted away by that final impact . 
 the flakes that drifted around her would soon replace whatever had been lost . 
 when she could finally stand , she limped over the dead grass towards the roadway . 
 in the bone-coloured twilight , the fence came into view , and she could see that her bicyle had been hurled against the wire like a toy tossed aside . 
 absently , she pulled it upright and then wheeled it beside her down the almost-bare length of the road . 
 the snowfall was diminishing , and soon the lights of her house broke through the greyness around her . 
 she left the bicycle in the tractor shed , where bryden had left it , so many years before , and then she walked the few dreamlike paces to the house , feeling nothing at all , nothing within herself but the night and the cold . 
 she opened the door and blinked in the sudden light , the sudden warmth of her kitchen . 
 sitting at the table was her eldest daughter -- seventeen , already , no longer the tiny girl that bryden had lifted and held within his protective , steady arms . 
 her daughter glanced up at her , then stared . 
 `` mom ? 
 what happened to your face ? '' 
 `` my face ? '' 
 janet pulled off the ski mask and felt a sharp sting as the fabric brushed against her skin . 
 she touched her lips and yanked her fingers away at the sudden flaring pain . 
 then she turned and looked at the mirror hanging on the wall above the counter , saw the red , blistered circle of skin on her face , the bloodshot scarlet of her eyes . 
 `` what happened , mom ? '' 
 `` did you ... see anything , while i was gone ? '' 
 `` see anything ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` outside . 
 out there . '' 
 `` no , nothing . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 janet closed her swollen eyelids and saw the night , the snow , the bloated child , bryden 's frozen terror . 
 `` i do n't think ... '' she said , struggling to find the words , `` i do n't think i belong here any more . 
 i do n't think i belong anywhere . '' 
 she opened her eyes and saw her daughter 's face looking up at her expectantly , with obvious concern but with obvious confusion . 
 janet knew that nothing she could say right now would help her daughter to sense the night in waiting . 
 but she also knew that someday , with all its vast impatience , the night would reach out for everyone her daughter loved . 
 her daughter : not yet married , not yet widowed , but soon . 
 all too soon . 
 ***** acknowledgements stories are imagined and written in solitude , but quite often , the resolve to keep on writing is fueled by the kindness of other people . 
 for that reason , i would like to offer my sincere thanks : to the artist of this book 's cover , tragelaphus , not only for his beautiful work here and on the cover for all roads lead to winter , but for encouragement at a time when i most needed to hear it . 
 to barbara and christopher roden , and to john pelan : the first editors to recognize and publish my stories . 
 to jim rockhill , for his wise and patient email conversations about fiction , art , and life , and for his recommendation that i send my stories to barbara , christopher , and john . 
 to jean-yves duperron , for opening the door onto a fascinating world of composers , for his passionate advocacy of music , for his friendship during several dark years and beyond . 
 and to terry gomes , for his wonderful compositions and songs , for his critical reader 's mind , for his constant moral support , for having the great good sense to marry christine lemire , and for introducing me to her chicken rice with ginger . 
 ***** `` who would remain '' -lrb- 1998 -rrb- . 
 a slightly different version of the story appeared in all hallows 40 , october , 2005 , edited by barbara roden and christopher roden . 
 `` never noticed , never there '' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- was accepted in 2006 by barbara roden for all hallows , but publication was delayed . 
 with her permission , the story is published here for the first time . 
 `` shadows in the sunrise '' -lrb- 1998 -rrb- appeared in the anthology , alone on the darkside -lrb- roc/new american library , 2006 -rrb- , and is reprinted with permission of the editor , john pelan . 
 `` lamia dance '' -lrb- original version , 1993 ; revised version , 2005 -rrb- was also accepted by john pelan for darkside , but publication was delayed . 
 with his permission , the story is published here for the first time . 
 `` when the echo hates the voice '' -lrb- 2005 -rrb- , `` the weight of its awareness '' -lrb- 2011 -rrb- , and `` the vast impatience of the night '' -lrb- 2011 -rrb- are published here for the first time . 
 about the author a resident of gatineau , quebec , mark fuller dillon sets much of his work in that region . 
 he combines local scenery with bizarre events from his own life ... and from his nightmares . 
 he would love to hear from readers , and can reached at markfullerdillon@gmail.com or at his website , http://markfullerdillon.blogspot.ca -- criticism and comments are always welcome . 
 also available from smashwords : a science fiction novella , all roads lead to winter . 
