 valens remembered the story begins by sherrel lee valens remembered copyright © 2012 by sherrel lee - revised 2013 smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 isbn : 978-0-9852496-9-4 discover other titles by sherrel lee at various retailers email : sherrel@sherrellee.com web : http://sherrellee.com/ twitter : @gryphoenix this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are a product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously and any similarity to actual persons , living or dead , business , establishments , events or locales is entirely unintentional . 
 acknowledgement i owe thanks to diane , angela , leslie , steve , travis , austin , max and my editor lauren . 
 you have all made writing an adventure of a lifetime and challenge me to do more and better at every step . 
 thanks go to my friends at dallas area romance authors who encourage and support this writer 's aspirations . 
 and to everyone who takes the time to read the valens of legacy series . 
 beginning with valens remembers . 
 enjoy reading and visiting a new and exciting world . 
 chapter one larinda larinda nix thomas watched , eyes filled with tears , as her parents ' coffins were lowered into the ground . 
 the rain took no pity on the mourners who had gathered . 
 it blew in past the edges of the tent , dousing everyone who had come to say their last goodbyes . 
 grant mayfair and griffin hawke , senior executives with legacy protection services and personal friends of larinda 's family , stood sentinel beside her . 
 larinda struggled to hide how much she blamed them for her loss . 
 legacy , and all the resources at their disposal , had n't protected her adoptive parents . 
 grant and griffin had n't been there to safeguard boyd and fiona , and now she was forced to stand beside their graves . 
 larinda hugged herself , stroking her shoulder where the mark that resembled a unicorn was hidden under her jacket . 
 today the comforting habit did n't work . 
 grant reached out and drew her hand into his . 
 `` i know you 're hurting , '' he murmured . 
 `` it 's so difficult to lose those you love to a senseless accident . '' 
 he gave her hand a squeeze and raised it toward the numerous friends , employees , and customers who had come to share her grief -- and whose safety and livelihoods depended on the company her parents had built . 
 `` you can trust that i 'll be here for you , '' grant said . 
 `` help take some of the burden off your shoulders . '' 
 reclaiming her hand , she gave grant a weak smile . 
 it did n't last long . 
 senseless accident ? 
 or something far worse ? 
 the thought swirled through larinda 's mind . 
 ambassador magellan came forward to shake her hand . 
 `` larinda , please forgive me . 
 i have duties to address , but i had to let you know legacy 's services are not in jeopardy because of your loss . 
 i 'm sure mr. hawke is very capable of stepping in until you are better prepared for such vast responsibilities . '' 
 larinda stared blankly at the politician as he walked away . 
 step aside ? 
 i know i 'm not completely prepared for this , but -- just let hawke take over ? 
 looking at the faces of the men and women who gathered to comfort her , she suddenly wondered how many of them expected the same thing . 
 her parents had carefully groomed her in preparation for the day she would take control of legacy . 
 she had been immersed in valens culture and schooled in the obligations she would inherit from the day she had become a member of the family . 
 even at that young age , she 'd understood that their pride and high standards were the reason for the success of the two-hundred-year-old company . 
 boyd 's parents had established the global enterprise and built it into a world-renowned security firm celebrated for protecting presidents and kings . 
 they had depended on her to carry on when they were gone . 
 she was a thomas , even if not by birth , and as long as her family survived , they would remain in control of legacy . 
 it was the least she owed the people who had given her so much . 
 * * * * the rain had stopped , but dense gray clouds still squatted over the house where friends , partners , and coworkers gathered to offer condolences and support . 
 larinda made her way through the crowded living room , accepting the hugs , kisses and heartfelt but inadequate clichés from everyone she passed . 
 her inability to think clearly made it easy for anyone who wished to detail their own tragedies , real or imagined , trapping her with their endless stories . 
 hawke seemed to know this , magically appearing at her side to rescue her from the latest chatterbox . 
 larinda blew out the deep breath she had been holding . 
 `` you arrived just in time . 
 ms. -- sorry , i do n't remember her last name -- must be part remora . 
 she stuck to me no matter which way i turned . '' 
 hawke gave a small bark of laughter . 
 `` i actually feel sorry for the wives of diplomats and power mongers . 
 they have to perform as the dutiful spouse all too often , making an effort to comfort people they barely know . '' 
 larinda lowered her head . 
 `` sorry , i should n't have said that . 
 it just slipped out . '' 
 `` i was n't scolding you , little one . 
 so tell me , how are you ? 
 not this public larinda , the one inside that 's mourning a terrible loss . '' 
 `` scared . 
 lonely . 
 why am i destined to be orphaned ? '' 
 hawke shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know , larinda . 
 it seems so unfair that you should lose two sets of parents . '' 
 `` at least i have my memories of boyd and fiona , '' she said . 
 `` for my birth parents , i do n't even have that . 
 i wish i did . '' 
 a `` you do n't remember anything from your life with them ? '' 
 hawke asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` fiona told me how they died . 
 that they loved me . 
 how she loved me . '' 
 her voice hitched and she drew in a shaky breath . 
 `` i just ca n't believe both my natural and adoptive parents were killed in car accidents . 
 is n't that just too much of a coincidence ? 
 and to have no memory of my birth family ? 
 the accident ? 
 nothing ! 
 hawke , i was old enough to remember something ! '' 
 `` memory loss after a traumatic experience is not that uncommon , '' he told her gently . 
 `` what you saw that day , what you heard -- it was just too much for you to take in . 
 there 's -- '' hawke broke off and ran his hand through his hair , frowning . 
 `` what ? 
 do you know something fi -- mom -- did n't ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did n't know marcus and vera and i ca n't add to what fiona and boyd told you , but -- you 're valens . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said , not sure why he was stating the obvious . 
 they were all valens -- powerful shapeshifters born to guard humankind . 
 very soon now , larinda 's fate -- her nonhuman shape -- would emerge . 
 the unicorn . 
 after that , she would be able to change forms at will , just as hawke transformed into a gryphon and grant mayfair into the deadly manticore . 
 that was one of the reasons boyd and fiona had taken her in -- no valens should be allowed to grow up ignorant of her heritage . 
 `` mom and dad said my first change should happen any time now . '' 
 she felt a deep stab of sadness , knowing they would n't be there to share it with her . 
 hawke still hesitated , looking awkward . 
 larinda did n't understand why he was having such a difficult time expressing what was on his mind ; it was so foreign to the man she knew . 
 `` yes , '' hawke agreed , before he stumbled on . 
 `` the day will soon come when you will change . 
 and it 's possible -- there 's a small chance -- that when you do , you will heal and regain your memory . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'll remember my natural parents ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i said , larinda . 
 there is a minor chance you 'll remember something . 
 but it 's not guaranteed . '' 
 he touched her arm gently . 
 `` do n't hope too much . 
 i do n't want you to be disappointed . '' 
 larinda was stunned . 
 `` i 'd be grateful for any memories at all , '' she said . 
 hawke looked over her shoulder . 
 `` seems we have a line waiting to talk to you . '' 
 he abruptly excused himself and walked away . 
 as soon as larinda possibly could , she made her way toward the staircase and the second floor , where she hoped to escape the bevy of well-wishers . 
 just a few moments of quiet , she thought , glancing at the people who surrounded her . 
 i suppose i should feel selfish and guilty for leaving , but i do n't have the energy . 
 just as she finally reached the stairs , she was stopped once more by grant 's voice calling her name . 
 he came forward and briefly patted her on the shoulder . 
 `` i know how hard this is for you , larinda , losing both of your parents . 
 i wish now we 'd never let them go to lubbock . '' 
 `` you could n't have known , '' larinda said , praying he could n't see how much she agreed with him . 
 `` they did what they thought best , but i miss them so much and the pain seems to have doubled since the funeral this afternoon . 
 i keep thinking about my birth parents , and how i 've now lost both my natural and adoptive parents . 
 it 's almost too much . '' 
 grant reached to take her hand , then hesitated when she took a step back from him . 
 she 'd had too many people paw her in the last hour and she desperately needed to escape the well-wishers . 
 he clenched his jaw briefly , then gave her a stiff smile . 
 `` still no memories ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` dreams about the past ? '' 
 `` no . 
 only my imagination about the things mom and dad told me when i asked . 
 did you know my birth parents also died in an automobile accident ? 
 it just does n't make sense . '' 
 `` a lot of things in life do n't have explanations we can understand . '' 
 larinda hesitated , then asked , `` can i get your opinion on -- something ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` i spoke with hawke . '' 
 at the mere mention of hawke 's name , grant 's jaw tightened again . 
 larinda barely held in a sigh of frustration . 
 grant 's jealousy of hawke was something that her parents had handled with skill and tact that larinda did n't know if she possessed . 
 she hoped he was n't going to cause problems going forward . 
 she went on , `` he seems to think i might regain my memory when i change to unicorn for the first time . 
 do you think it 's possible ? '' 
 grant raised his eyebrows . 
 `` maybe . 
 i was with your father when he talked to dr. brolan at legacy medical . 
 it was n't too long after you were adopted , '' he said . 
 `` doc told boyd temporary loss of memory can last days or years , but unlike the full humans , the transformation to a valens ' fate has been known to heal . 
 he 'd seen it . 
 a young man he treated who was disabled , unable to walk , had his legs restored upon the transformation . 
 i believe other neurological and psychological conditions have also been known to heal . '' 
 he went on , changing the subject almost without pause . 
 typical . 
 grant could n't stay focused on anyone but himself for very long . 
 `` now , i have a question for you . 
 i overheard what ambassador magellan said to you . 
 you are n't really planning on handing legacy over to hawke , are you ? '' 
 `` it is n't something i 've considered . 
 with all the details i 've had to take care of since -- the accident , i just have n't put much thought into running legacy at all . '' 
 `` do n't get me wrong , '' grant said . 
 `` hawke is an intelligent man , but he treats you like a child . 
 he 's not your father or guardian , larinda . '' 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 he 's not my father . 
 i just buried my father today , grant . '' 
 a flush reddened grant 's face . 
 `` i just mean do n't count on him for everything . 
 he 's not always going to place your interests first if he has the power to run your company . '' 
 grant gave her a peck on the cheek , turned , and walked away . 
 he did n't hide his jealousy well . 
 she knew he wanted more power , but his jibes at hawke were not as effective as he seemed to think . 
 she had known him since she had been adopted by boyd and fiona . 
 perhaps , when she returned to the office , it would be time to finally put him in his place . 
 she turned to go upstairs before anyone else could interrupt her plans for some privacy . 
 as she did , a tingle of electricity skittered along her nerves , and something she could n't define tugged at her memory . 
 she rubbed her hands over her arms . 
 everything was changing , as if her world was sliding out from under her . 
 all she wanted was to be alone with her memories . 
 * * * * she 'd planned to go straight to her room , but the open door to boyd 's office beckoned her with memories of the days she had spent `` working '' with him when she was a child . 
 she ran her fingers across the glowing wood and studied the scattered piles of clutter that was -- had been -- her father 's only vice . 
 one her mother playfully picked on in a mild attempt to get him to mend his ways . 
 slowly she walked to his chair and sat down , opening the center drawer of the desk . 
 as she suspected , there was a package of gum . 
 he had never been without it , whenever she 'd wanted a piece . 
 she reached in and took one of the paper and foil wrapped sticks , noticing a large envelope with the logo and address of jonathan grey , the company attorney . 
 pulling the packet out , she was surprised to find copies of her parents ' wills . 
 she glanced through the pages before returning the documents to the drawer . 
 everything was as she expected , though she had forgotten that in the case she had no heir , legacy would be turned over to a board of trustees her parents had named . 
 it had been a difficult decision for them , but they wanted to be sure the people who depended on legacy would not be left without the stability the company offered them . 
 her hand drifted down to the bottom side drawer . 
 boyd had designated it as hers . 
 how long had it been since she 'd opened it ? 
 years . 
 she was surprised and touched to find it exactly as she had left it . 
 she reached down and removed a pink feather-tipped pen , a palm-size solar calculator that no longer worked , and her `` business journal '' with the fairies on the cover . 
 a folder she did n't remember lay hidden underneath the journal . 
 she could see there was a small stack of papers inside it . 
 as she went to place it on the desk , a folded sheet of paper slipped into her lap . 
 unfolding it , she started to read . 
 her breath caught . 
 you have not taken heed of our warning . 
 stop your investigation immediately or you and your family will perish . 
 mankind no longer deserves protection and must pay for what they have done to us . 
 we shall reclaim our fates and our rightful place among the petty humans . 
 h she stared at the note in disbelief . 
 was this the proof she had unconsciously been looking for ? 
 the reason her parents had died ? 
 something in her had refused to believe it was an accident . 
 she refolded the paper and set it aside , reviewing the notes that remained in the folder . 
 her heart stopped when she found a list of names marked only with minus and plus signs beside them . 
 precisely what the marks meant eluded her , but there was no doubt her father had been investigating the people named . 
 trust ?? 
 was written along the top of the page . 
 an icy claw gripped her stomach and twisted as she read the names of the people he had been suspicious of . 
 griffin h - grant m + jon g declan s - there were a dozen more names that blurred as her eyes filled with tears . 
 had the writer of the letter murdered her parents ? 
 what did the marks on the list mean ? 
 was there anyone she could trust ? 
 then there was the question she was most afraid to ask . 
 was she the next target ? 
 chapter two jemma jemma walked down the seattle street , watching the faces of those around her , alert for anyone who might be looking for her . 
 she studied the woman across the street , who wore the dowdy dress and stick-up-her-derriere look of the social terrorists who wanted you to think you were stupid for leaving the `` wonderful '' home they had placed you in . 
 no , the woman was n't one of them -- too easily distracted by the kid tugging at her arm . 
 someone reached out and touched her shoulder . 
 she spun around , glaring into the red angry face of a middle-aged guy , the stink of whiskey oozing from his overdressed pores . 
 just an uptown drunk on a downtown street . 
 not one of the social services know-it-alls who refused to believe the truth when they heard it . 
 gray clouds rode low over the city , and she rubbed her arms to chase away the chill caused by the steady drizzle . 
 anywhere else they might call this a rain or mist ; here it was liquid sunshine . 
 `` hey jemma , where you going ? '' 
 ricky `` tat-man '' appeared from around the corner and caught up with her . 
 `` it 's too early to be cruisin ' the streets . 
 you okay ? 
 ya ' look a little spooked . '' 
 `` hey , tat . 
 just keeping my eyes open for the runaway squad . 
 i got a day working with the janitors at the space needle . 
 two of their regulars did n't show up so they pinged me . '' 
 `` yeah , mose is going to let me sit in on a tattoo this afternoon , might even let me do some of the art if it 's okay with the guy he 's workin ' on . 
 maybe besides ink and needles , i might even pick up some actual money . '' 
 tat was jemma 's best friend on the streets , and an amazing artist . 
 tat was a couple of months older than jemma -- he was already eighteen . 
 she envied him -- she could hardly wait for her own birthday , two weeks away . 
 after that , she 'd never have to worry about the runaway squad again . 
 tat was a friendly guy , if you treated him right , and he was exceptionally clean for a street kid . 
 it was probably their determination to avoid the pervs , and the drugs most of the other kids used , that had drawn them together . 
 `` that 's great , '' jemma said . 
 `` catch ya later . '' 
 jemma checked the clock that hung over the hotel marquee . 
 nine o’clock saturday morning . 
 she 'd better hurry -- if she was late , they might not call her next time they needed someone . 
 she thought about fate 's cruelty to her and the others here , hiding from monsters that were supposed to care for them . 
 it was n't her parents ' fault they were killed in an accident . 
 at least that 's what she was told by the case workers . 
 but jemma still felt abandoned even as her head told her it was a ridiculous way to feel . 
 the aroma of breakfast muffins and coffee punched her in the stomach . 
 it had been two days since she had eaten the last of the bread . 
 her mouth watered as she stepped gingerly behind the three people already in line . 
 she looked at the posted menu , searching for the least expensive food , then looked at the collection of day-old pastries set aside behind the cashier . 
 jemma calculated how much change she had gotten away with from the outdoor tables on the wharf . 
 the waiter had almost caught her . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief as the woman at the front of the line paid and stepped away . 
 it looked like she would be able to get the day-old muffin and still get to the service door before mrs. moody opened it to let everyone in . 
 moody did n't give a second chance if you were late . 
 she told everyone over and over , `` it 's a point of pride . 
 you accept a position , make a commitment to be there and you are . 
 no excuses . '' 
 the man in front of her was paying . 
 jemma looked across the street and saw mrs. moody stepping off the bus . 
 two minutes to the service door . 
 two minutes to get the muffin and get over there . 
 the man left the counter and jemma took a step forward . 
 `` hey , street rat , watch what you 're doing , '' a girl about the same age as jemma shrieked . 
 `` i do n't want your stink on my clothes . 
 they 're designer , and do n't do well when touched by the unwashed . '' 
 the girl 's lips twisted in disgust as she shooed jemma away with a flick of her wrist . 
 `` go away and let me and my friends get coffee without having to gag from your stench . '' 
 jemma 's face turned crimson . 
 `` i was next in line , '' she said through clenched teeth . 
 the girl giggled . 
 `` have n't you ever heard , ` you snooze you lose ? ' 
 we ca n't wait all day for you to move . 
 the stores will be opening soon . 
 now go away and stop bothering us . '' 
 from the corner of her eye , jemma saw mrs. moody crossing the street . 
 if she left now she would beat mrs. moody to the door , but how could she work all day with no food ? 
 scrubbing floors and toilets on your hands and knees took a lot of energy and she had counted on the few bites of pastry to get her through . 
 glancing back at the too-perfect trio of pampered witches , jemma bit her tongue and rushed to the space needle service door . 
 giving herself a mental shake , she forced the anger down . 
 she was lucky to get the work , and could n't afford to mess things up . 
 work now . 
 eat later . 
 * * * * astrid van horn reviewed the dna results from the clinics in orlando , new york , los angeles and seattle . 
 she and horace gruen , her lover and business partner , had finally gotten the contract to provide care to some of the homeless in these cities . 
 it had taken years to set everything up and begin the search for the special people they needed for their research , but the investment was beginning to pay off . 
 astrid looked up as horace walked into her office . 
 `` i 'm going to begin visiting the cities and see if i can persuade a few of these candidates to join us , '' she said . 
 `` i will miss you , but i know you need the subjects for your studies , and there are two or three here that seem worthy of an offer to work with us . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' horace said , rubbing his hands together . 
 astrid handed him the reports , watching in silence as he sat down and studied them . 
 `` yes , excellent candidates . 
 i think these two in seattle will be key to the research . 
 i believe we will have to insist they join us . '' 
 `` of course , my love . 
 i will bring them here . 
 we will give them places to live , salaries for food and clothing . 
 they will understand we wish to help them take back their lives and they will be proud to be part of our little team . '' 
 horace gave a mocking laugh . 
 `` you have such faith , my astrid . 
 but i have seen you work the miracles again and again , so i am sure you will make them feel most honored to join us , and we will gain so much from their presence . '' 
 when horace left the office , astrid called the receptionist . 
 `` find gilbert , '' she said . 
 among other talents , he was her personal driver . 
 `` i need him to take me to the airport this afternoon . '' 
 she hated flying in airplanes , but it could n't be helped . 
 as the representative for gruen research and clinics , she was expected to arrive by conventional means . 
 if anyone discovered who and what she really was , it would be disastrous . 
 when astrid arrived in orlando , the clinic director met her in baggage claim and , as was her due , retrieved her bags and carried them to the waiting car . 
 `` are the candidates ready and waiting in the meeting room at the hotel ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` of course , ms. van horn , '' the director said . 
 `` they have been given individual rooms , and are scheduled as indicated on the agenda . 
 my assistant will make sure each arrives on time and leaves when you have completed your discussion with them . '' 
 `` please make sure there are no delays . 
 i am on a particularly tight schedule . '' 
 at the hotel , astrid was taken directly to the meeting room where the first candidate sat waiting for her . 
 she looked him over before taking a seat across the table , watching as he fought to ignore a savage cramp in his arm . 
 he paled as the muscle tension increased , but appeared to have been adequately schooled , since he made no complaint about the pain . 
 astrid plastered her ` i 'm your friend ' smile on her face , glanced down at the paperwork , and said , `` i see you prefer to be called don . 
 since that is not the name listed here , i suppose it 's a street name ? '' 
 don cleared his throat . 
 `` yeah , my street tag . 
 they call me the don . 
 like in that movie about the mobsters , with the guy who put the orange peels across his teeth . '' 
 astrid fought to keep a straight face . 
 these children thought they were so formidable . 
 `` well , '' she cleared her throat , `` don , do you understand why we asked you here ? '' 
 don shrugged . 
 `` something about a job at a research center in dallas ? 
 never been to dallas . '' 
 `` we 're looking for subjects who may possess special skills that are suited to our research . 
 there is a lot of expense in relocating our candidates , and providing food , clothing and shelter until they have begun to earn enough to support themselves . 
 and more importantly , they must be committed to the research for the length of their contract . '' 
 and the return on our investment will make up for me having to put up with this ridiculous childishness . 
 `` well , i would n't be leavin ' anything important here , so sounds good . 
 maybe too good . 
 what you want with a bunch of kids from here ? 
 do n't you got no runaways in dallas to work with ? '' 
 `` of course , and we have found a few suitable candidates . 
 but the research is extensive and we are visiting many cities to find the right ... people . '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 the darling little lost valens who can provide their dna for horace to use in his research . 
 his real research . 
 `` so if you are interested , fine , otherwise do n't waste my time . '' 
 don licked his lips , and slowly nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 so what next ? '' 
 `` the clinic director and her assistant will let you know tomorrow if you have met all the qualifications , '' astrid assured him , and called for the assistant to escort the boy back to his room . 
 as soon as the meeting room door closed , she drew a large red x on the paper , noting , ` too close to the change ' above her signature . 
 the next three interviews were basically the same : one qualifying , one rejection , and one needing more tests . 
 she left the information with the assistant and went her way , enjoying her evening , and checked out early the next morning to catch her plane to new york . 
 the search had just begun and already she was bored and irritated . 
 horace needed these children , but her face hurt from having to smile at stupid idiots who had no idea what they really were . 
 chapter three larinda it was hard to return to the office and act natural , surrounded by people she had thought were her friends . 
 but she had no choice . 
 there were duties she had to attend to , and the files and information she needed to continue her parents ' inquiry would be easier to access from here . 
 a copy of the notes she 'd made while reviewing her father 's file were in her computer bag . 
 she had n't slept after the funeral gathering . 
 instead she read and re-read his remarks , making a plan to follow up on anything she could determine was unfinished . 
 she still did n't know who `` h '' was or what he was trying to hide . 
 but there was enough information about some of the people named on the `` trust '' list that she had a place to start looking into them . 
 she was locking the mysterious letter and her father 's notes in her private safe when the phone rang . 
 `` larinda , you promised you would take the time for a good workout in the training center , '' grant chided her . 
 `` no more stalling . 
 i expect you here at one . '' 
 `` i must be psychic , '' she teased half-heartedly . 
 `` i brought my workout clothes with me today , so i 'll be there . '' 
 hanging up the phone seemed to be a signal that brought people walking in and out of the office for the next two hours . 
 checks to sign , contracts to review , and assignments to confirm or change were just a few of the tasks she had to address before she could lock the door and begin reviewing the files she had retrieved from the file room . 
 as she tried to read , cramps twisted her hands and turned her legs muscles to stone covered in razors . 
 the painful plague was a precursor to the change in her physical form and was suffered by every valens as they were prepared to become more than the bodies they had been born in . 
 the recently increased frequency indicated that transformation would occur soon . 
 unable to concentrate on the file , she let her thoughts drift to the possibilities hawke had raised at the funeral gathering . 
 would this transformation bring her birth family back to her ? 
 would she remember the face of her mother , the voice of her father ? 
 the distraction from the investigation frustrated her , but she could n't ignore the prospect of such a blessing . 
 the shaw twins , miranda and amelia , knocked on the office door , inviting her to join them for an early lunch . 
 slipping the files into a drawer as they walked to the desk , she agreed . 
 she accompanied them to the elevator that would take them to the building 's basement shops . 
 she was tempted to confide in them about the letter she had found and the seemingly unfinished investigation her father had been conducting . 
 their names had not been on the list her father had created . 
 but she hesitated because miranda was dating declan sedna , a long-term employee of legacy who acted as bodyguard and occasional chauffer when the need arose . 
 declan 's was one of the names on her father 's list . 
 instead , they spent the lunch hour making bets as to when larinda 's change would occur , and discussing grant 's methods of getting the valens into shape for the work they performed for legacy . 
 amelia nodded sagely . 
 `` i 'm telling you , the transformation will happen in the next twenty-four hours . '' 
 miranda laughed . 
 `` amelia is always sure something will happen in the next twenty-four hours , and it does . 
 it just is n't usually what she thinks it will be . '' 
 larinda smiled as the two women teased each other . 
 `` this has been fun , but it 's time for me to face the taskmaster . '' 
 `` you mean the `` torture guru ? '' 
 better you than me , '' miranda joked . 
 `` he yells like a drill sergeant , but the man is a master at getting you into shape . '' 
 `` and , on that note , i am afraid i have to leave . '' 
 larinda felt thankful to the sisters for the brief respite from the horrors that weighed down her heart . 
 `` we hope you live through it , '' they called to her as she walked away . 
 * * * * sore , but feeling better than she had in days , larinda finished her workout and decided to play hooky from the office for the rest of the day . 
 she drove home , but instead of going inside , she headed to the back of the property where she could be alone . 
 she strolled through the rose garden and out into a field where she knew she could relax uninterrupted and enjoy the afternoon . 
 she sat with her back against the trunk of the live oak tree and closed her eyes , enjoying the warm spring day . 
 the fragrance of the roses and other flowers floated from the garden on a gentle breeze . 
 the hum of the honeybees collecting pollen provided the perfect background for the silent admission that she desperately wanted to remember her birth family ... hawke , please be right that when transformation occurs , i will finally see the faces of my birth parents who are lost to me . 
 i pray the memories bring me the sound of their voices and the touch of their hands . 
 a ripple of pressure rolled through her . 
 her arms and legs tightened , then began to tingle , every nerve humming . 
 her heart thundered with excitement and she opened her eyes . 
 the world shimmered with a magical beauty . 
 a molten power surged through her , and she knew it announced the long-awaited change . 
 her bones and muscles slid effortlessly as she shifted into the form she was fated to accept and rose from the ground . 
 though she had no way to see the new form , she could feel the long legs , the weight of the horn in the center of her forehead , and the breeze as it caressed her unfamiliar and muscular body . 
 it was astonishing how clear the world around her looked . 
 she could see every blade of grass , every depression in the soil , every rock that might cause her to stumble had she remained human . 
 she had reveled in the scent of the flowers before the change , but as she filled her lungs with the aromatic air , she could almost taste their beauty in a way she could not have imagined . 
 finally she 'd become whole , with the transformation to her true nature . 
 the unicorn . 
 she ran across the field , feeling the air rush in and out of powerful lungs , and raced toward the pond . 
 she could n't wait to see what the miracle of change had wrought . 
 her neck arched over the water and her eyes looked back at her , reflected on the surface with the same sapphire blue intensity she had seen in the mirrors at home . 
 had she been able , she would have smiled as she admired the unicorn horn centered on her forehead , a graceful spiral of ivory intertwined with a brilliant swirl of emerald . 
 she watched , amazed , as wisps of her mane tossed playfully in the gentle breeze . 
 it was hard to believe this graceful , magnificent creature was her ! 
 lowering her mouth , she drank from the cool pristine water , and used her hoof to splash and dance in it when she had drunk her fill . 
 it was like no sensation she had ever experienced . 
 time slipped away , the sun settling low on the horizon reminding her it was time to return home . 
 the run back to the house was invigorating , filling her with the joy of having finally become all that she was destined to be . 
 she wished her parents had lived just long enough to share this with her . 
 parents ! 
 the memories of her birth parents had not been restored . 
 she tried not to dwell on it , setting the disappointment aside and concentrating on returning to human form . 
 her muscles slid like liquid as the transformation flowed through her once again . 
 arriving at the patio , she looked up and saw hawke watching her from the doorway of the house . 
 she rushed forward to tell him what had just occurred . 
 as she reached the stone stairway to the courtyard , pain exploded in her head . 
 larinda gasped for breath , her hands gripping her temples in an unsuccessful attempted to push the pain away . 
 a face flashed through her mind . 
 an unfamiliar voice called her name , and then a powerful tsunami of memories flowed through her at a dizzying pace . 
 she saw them . 
 her parents -- vera and marcus nix . 
 scenes played across her mind in a kaleidoscope of images . 
 standing in the kitchen watching her mother make cookies . 
 the warmth as her father tucked her in and kissed her goodnight . 
 laughter at the antics of a puppy . 
 the pride she felt holding a small , swaddled bundle in her arms as the neighborhood children oooohed and awwwed over her baby sister . 
 her sister ? 
 how could it be ? 
 she lost her balance and staggered , grabbing the brick wall that edged the stairs . 
 memories poured relentlessly through her . 
 herself and jemma , strapped into the backseat of the car . 
 something flying at the windshield , and a horrible screeching , cackling noise . 
 the car veering off the road , and her father 's struggle to maintain control . 
 the jouncing and crashing as the car careened down a boulder-covered hill . 
 the roof of the car tearing open with a hideous rending of metal . 
 the final violent crash into a tree , and then the sudden silence . 
 the sight of her parents staring blindly , blood covering their faces . 
 a thundering voice filled her ears , and she looked up to see hawke towering over her . 
 he caught her just as she collapsed . 
 * * * * `` i remembered , hawke . 
 i remembered . '' 
 larinda was curled up on the living room couch with a blanket over her , but she still felt cold . 
 hawke sat on the edge of one of the easy chairs , leaning towards her , elbows on his knees . 
 `` tell me , '' he said . 
 `` i remember my parents . 
 the nixes . 
 i could see their faces , hear their voices and -- why did n't someone tell me ? '' 
 `` i told you it was possible you would remember , '' hawke said . 
 `` not the memory ! 
 my sister . 
 jemma . 
 why did n't someone tell me i had a sister ? '' 
 hawke stared at her . 
 `` larinda , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 if you had a sister , she 'd be here with you now , unless -- '' he broke off , then went on more gently . 
 `` unless she did n't survive the car wreck . 
 but in that case , surely boyd and fiona would have known . '' 
 `` she did n't die , '' larinda insisted . 
 `` i remember . 
 they took her away in the ambulance . '' 
 `` you were only a little girl , '' hawke said . 
 `` you might not have realized she was -- '' larinda ignored him . 
 `` it was horrible . 
 jemma was struggling to get out of her car seat . 
 and that thing . 
 it was above us . 
 screeching . 
 screaming like a banshee . '' 
 hawke tried again , looking at her with concern . 
 `` we 'll investigate . 
 please . 
 you do n't have to say anything else . 
 i believe you . '' 
 `` mommy and daddy just sat there . 
 eyes open . 
 staring . 
 blood running down their faces . '' 
 tears burned her cheeks as they began to fall . 
 `` i could n't call out , but jemma started to whimper . 
 the firemen arrived and carried us away from the car . 
 it was crushed against a tree . '' 
 `` you ca n't be sure jemma survived , '' hawke stated bleakly . 
 `` i 've seen a few of the pictures -- you 're lucky to have walked away , with the damage the car sustained . '' 
 `` but i am sure , hawke . 
 the emts tore her out of my arms and put her in an ambulance . 
 she was screaming and crying and calling out to me , so i know she was still alive . '' 
 larinda stopped and swallowed hard . 
 `` oh , hawke , she was so scared . '' 
 hawke shook his head as a flood of emotions washed over his face . 
 `` i lost her twice , '' larinda said . 
 `` when they took her away , and again when my memories failed . 
 we have to find her , hawke . 
 i need to bring my sister home . '' 
 * * * * the housekeeper handed grant , hawke , and jonathan grey , the family attorney , the drinks they had requested , refilling larinda 's coffee before she left the study where they had gathered to discuss finding jemma . 
 larinda studied the three men before she asked , `` why did n't we know about jemma ? 
 were n't there any records when we were placed for adoption ? '' 
 jonathan shuffled through a report he held in his lap , finally selecting a page before he spoke . 
 `` it appears that the social worker , who was called to the scene to take custody of you , was n't told that there had been another child who had been taken to the hospital . 
 jemma was transported as soon as they could get her away from the site . 
 you were removed shortly after by a second woman . 
 the -- bodies of your parents were n't removed until the coroner arrived . 
 he looked up from the paper . 
 `` the emergency room doctor was only told that your parents had died at the scene and that the police would be trying to contact family . 
 in other words , there was a major fu -- foul up and two days later , jemma was released to a third social worker who was unaware of you . '' 
 larinda clenched her fist . 
 `` no one told anyone at the hospital she had a sister ? 
 i ca n't believe -- '' `` it was a tragic series of bureaucratic mistakes , larinda , but now that we know about her , we can begin looking for her , '' jonathan said , reaching out and laying his hand on her arm . 
 `` i can tell you that the women involved are no longer with social services . 
 the caseworker i spoke to seemed to think they all left the department . 
 probably suffering from burnout . 
 it is apparently one of the costs of the work they do . '' 
 larinda was n't sure if she could feel sorry for them . 
 `` i already have a team of people out looking for jemma , '' hawke said . 
 `` we have been working with jonathan to get the court to open the files regarding her placement , but it 's more difficult than we anticipated . 
 apparently something happened that caused the file to be sealed , but we 'll keep at it . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what would make the state close the file to a legitimate investigation ? 
 we 've been involved in several with the social services team and never had an issue before . '' 
 `` i guess we wo n't know until we get the file and see what 's in it , but we should have an answer soon . 
 be patient . 
 it 's going to take some time to find her , larinda , but we will succeed . '' 
 `` i guess i just ca n't wait to see her . 
 see if she remembers me . '' 
 grant chimed in . 
 `` boyd and fiona were lucky marty vail was working at hampton house when you arrived . 
 she realized the significance of your unicorn fate mark , '' he said . 
 `` marty 's husband is half valens and when she told him , he immediately contacted boyd about your circumstances . '' 
 `` i know her . 
 mom and marty became close friends , '' larinda said with a nod . 
 `` she calls me every year at christmas to check and see how i 'm doing , but she never said she was involved in getting me placed . 
 i guess i need to make sure she knows how much i appreciate all she did for me . '' 
 `` i have had better luck finding out what happened to your parents ' possessions . 
 normally the state would have claimed their assets , but the bank applied for and received permission to dispose of the estate instead , '' hawke told her . 
 `` unfortunately , the bank sold off most everything in the house to pay the bankruptcy fees when the house went into foreclosure , and no one stepped up to claim the estate . 
 however , the woman who lived next door to you when you were a child is still there , and wants to see you if you 're up to it . '' 
 larinda set her empty coffee cup on the table next to her chair . 
 `` of course i am . 
 i would love to meet someone who actually knew my parents . 
 when can we set it up ? '' 
 `` i 'll call her this afternoon and see when she 'll be available . '' 
 grant frowned , but did n't voice an objection . 
 `` i have contacts with the state i 'll be calling on to see if we can get a preliminary report on the information in the files . 
 i 'll let you know as soon as i hear something . '' 
 larinda gave grant a sincere smile and turned to the attorney as the men rose to leave . 
 `` jonathan , before you leave , i 'd like to talk to you on another matter . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he took his seat again . 
 `` how may i be of assistance ? '' 
 larinda waited until the door closed behind hawke . 
 `` i want you to draw up a will and make arrangements for my sister . '' 
 `` we have n't found her yet , larinda . 
 it may be a bit early for such a step . 
 what if she -- well , what if we do n't find her , or she does n't want to be part of your life ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 the death of my parents , natural and adoptive , has made it clear i ca n't know what to expect in life , '' larinda told him , unwilling to share that she was conducting an investigation into the death of boyd and fiona . 
 `` if something should happen to me , and we have n't found jemma yet , i do n't want the search for her to stop . 
 she is my only living relative and she should have everything i have . 
 she must have everything . 
 i wo n't believe she might be willing to ignore the bond we share . 
 surely she wants to know about her family as much as i have all these years . '' 
 `` if that 's what you want , i 'll prepare the paperwork , but do n't be disappointed if things do n't work out the way you hope . 
 people do n't always act the way we want them to and your sister may reject your reaching out to her . '' 
 `` i want to be sure she knows she 's taken care of . 
 i want her to know she 's my sister and is part of a family . 
 loved . '' 
 as jonathan left , larinda 's cell phone rang . 
 it was hawke . 
 `` we have an appointment to see mrs. warner at eleven tomorrow morning in fort worth . 
 she says she has something special for you to help you connect with your family , though she would n't tell me what she meant . '' 
 * * * * `` you look so much like your mother . '' 
 mrs. warner held the door open as larinda and hawke stepped into the tiny hallway . 
 she pointed off to larinda 's left . 
 `` that was the house you lived in . 
 i 'm not sure if you recognized it . 
 of course it has been painted several times over the years . 
 the tree you used to climb has grown quite a bit . '' 
 `` i thought it had . 
 i noticed the short wall still hides the air conditioning unit , but i seem to remember there were some rose bushes in front of it when i was small . '' 
 `` you have a good memory . 
 the property was n't well cared for before the bank finally sold the house . 
 several of the plants died and were removed by the new owner . '' 
 mrs. warner waved them into the interior of the house . 
 `` come , come in to the kitchen . 
 i have coffee and we can sit and get to know one another . '' 
 `` thank you , mrs. warner , but i believe i am going to let you and larinda have some time alone , '' griffin said . 
 `` she can call and i 'll be back to pick her up when you 're ready . 
 in the meantime , i have to go to the office for a bit . '' 
 `` it was nice to meet you , mr. hawke . 
 thank you for bringing her . '' 
 turning to larinda , she took her hand and guided her back to the kitchen where a fresh pot of coffee sat on the counter beside the breakfast nook , along with a platter of cookies . 
 `` hawke told me you 've lived here for almost twenty years , '' larinda said . 
 `` i 'm so glad he found you and you 're willing to open your home to me . '' 
 `` of course , child , i 'm only sorry we did n't learn of each other sooner . 
 mr. hawke tells me you were adopted by a wonderful family and i am happy for that . 
 what about your sister ? 
 jenny ? 
 jemma , that 's it . '' '' 
 it 's only been a few days since my memory returned . 
 until then i did n't remember anything about my parents or my sister . '' 
 mrs. warner put her hand to her mouth . 
 `` how awful ! 
 and you 've been separated all these years ? '' 
 she reached over and patted larinda 's hand . 
 `` your mother and father adored you and jemma . 
 i never saw them look cross when you were with them . 
 i did n't get to know them very well , of course . 
 after those people started harassing them they stayed to themselves quite a bit . '' 
 mrs. warner paused , as though searching her memory . 
 larinda bit back the impulse to immediately stop the conversation and interview mrs. warner about `` those people . '' 
 `` you and jemma came to visit often , once you discovered i made cookies every friday for the library staff . 
 i always made and decorated one for each of you . 
 you were such a wonderful big sister and never got upset with jemma , even when she called you candy corn . 
 i thought it was quite adorable . 
 was that her favorite candy ? 
 i always wondered why she called you that . '' 
 larinda smiled as the memory came back to her , even though she could n't share the origin of the nickname with mrs. warner . 
 then a thought struck her . 
 jemma was valens too . 
 what was her fate ? 
 if larinda had ever known , she could n't remember it now . 
 they continued to talk about mrs. warner 's memories as she described larinda 's parents , and talked about how sad she had been to discover they had been killed in an accident . 
 larinda carefully led the conversation around to what she wanted to know . 
 `` earlier you mentioned some people were harassing my parents . 
 do you remember anything more about that ? '' 
 mrs. warner pulled her lips in over her teeth , concentrating hard before she shook her head . 
 `` sorry . 
 i think it was a man and a woman or maybe a couple of men . 
 i never asked vera who they were . 
 i did n't want to seem like a nosy neighbor . '' 
 larinda thanked her , trying to shrug off her disappointment . 
 it probably did n't matter anyway . 
 their death , unlike boyd 's and fiona 's , had been an accident . 
 but she could n't shake the memory of something hovering over the car , shrieking . 
 mrs. warner poured larinda a fresh cup of coffee before she continued her narrative . 
 `` since there was no family to claim your house or the contents , i appointed myself guardian until the banker came and demanded the key . 
 i told him i could n't find it , with him being so rude and demanding , but i would drop it at the bank the next day . 
 then i did something i had never done before . 
 when they put the furniture on sale , i volunteered to help and slipped a `` sold '' sign on your father 's desk . 
 he told me once that it had been passed down in your family for generations , and i could n't bear the thought of letting it go to strangers . 
 later the bank sent a mover to dispose of the `` leftovers . '' 
 i convinced the man to let me have the desk and to tell the bank , if anyone bothered to ask , that he 'd left it on the curb because it would n't fit in the truck . '' 
 a spark of mischief shone in the woman 's eyes . 
 `` i got my nephew and his friends to put it in my storage room off the garage . 
 and it 's been there ever since . '' 
 `` really ? 
 my father 's desk ? 
 can i see it ? '' 
 larinda wanted to reach out and give the woman a hug . 
 `` see it ? 
 you can have it . 
 i always thought you girls would come back one day . 
 that 's why it 's still out there , though it may not be in the best shape after all these years . 
 i did n't even look through it and remove the paperwork . 
 come , i 'll show you . '' 
 it was obvious mrs. warner may not have gone into the desk , but she had cared for it . 
 it was covered with a sheet , but had been dusted and maintained . 
 larinda ran her fingers across the glowing surface , stepping around to the center drawer , pulling it open . 
 inside she saw a pipe and a bag that held tobacco . 
 a notebook with a detailed list of improvements to be made to the house , and another that contained budgets from the time the house had been purchased . 
 `` i do n't know how to thank you , mrs. warner . 
 this is wonderful . 
 would you mind if i ask hawke to have someone come by and pick it up ? 
 i think i would like to use it in my downtown office . '' 
 arrangements were made for hawke to pick up larinda , and declan would follow in a truck with two of the gardeners to collect the desk . 
 larinda gave the woman a heartfelt hug . 
 `` if there is ever anything i can do for you , mrs. warner , i want you to promise you will call me . 
 i ca n't begin to think what i owe you for saving this piece of my family history . '' 
 * * * * a few days later , larinda received a call from jonathan . 
 `` i know we agreed to meet this week to discuss the progress on the investigation to find your sister . 
 however , i have n't been able to find a judge willing to open the records on her time in the foster care system . 
 social services are doing what they can to block the release of information . '' 
 `` great . 
 more good news , '' larinda said , frustration rolling though her . 
 `` have you talked to judge russell ? '' 
 `` no , he 's been out of town and wo n't be back until tomorrow , but i 've asked that he contact me when he has a chance . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll do what he can to help us . 
 any idea why social services is objecting ? 
 i would think they would want us to find each other after all these years . '' 
 `` i suspect they are worried we 'll find something they do n't want us to know , '' jonathan said . 
 `` we already know they mishandled the intake process , though there would have been no guarantee you would have been placed together even if things had been done properly . 
 i ca n't imagine how much worse it can get . '' 
 `` well , call hawke the minute we get the go-ahead . 
 he 's got a team waiting to get to work locating her . 
 i just hope it 's soon . 
 i can hardly stand the suspense , knowing she 's out there . '' 
 as jonathan hung up , she thought , i have this horrible feeling time is running out . 
 chapter four jemma jemma was exhausted by the time she got back to munger 's , the rent-by-the-hour no-tell hotel she and her friend tat called home . 
 the disgusting linoleum of the lobby was crusted with substances she did n't even want to think about , dark in the center and fading to lighter colors at the edges , where fewer people had walked , bled , or vomited over the years . 
 the wallpaper was stained and peeling , the stair risers cracked . 
 but it was better than sleeping in the park -- at least here , they had a door to keep the pervs away . 
 she went to the registration cage to pick up the key from old man munger , so tired that she made the mistake of leaning against the cage . 
 munger reached out skeletal fingers toward her breast , laughing in his creepy way . 
 `` come inside here , ruby red . 
 ease munger 's hunger . '' 
 she slapped his hand away . 
 `` you 're a perv , '' she snarled . 
 he pulled the key out of her reach . 
 tat spoke from behind her . 
 `` lay off , munger , '' he said . 
 `` give her the key , or that fancy tat i 'm doing for you stays half-finished forever . '' 
 munger sneered , but he handed her the key . 
 `` thanks , '' jemma said to tat , turning toward the stairs . 
 munger was seedy , but he was n't that bad compared to some of the other pervs around here . 
 most left her alone , after a couple of them had cornered her in the stairway and she 'd come within an inch of slicing the family jewels off one , with the knife tat had given her . 
 the guy still limped from the cut on his thigh . 
 word had spread . 
 `` have you heard about that deal maggie 's offering ? '' 
 tat asked as they climbed the stairs . 
 `` she 's handing out cards , wanting people to come in for some kind of medical testing . 
 could be some money in it , maybe even a job . '' 
 jemma said , `` i 'm not sure i 'd trust anyone wanting to do tests on homeless people . '' 
 `` i did n't get the whole story , '' tat said , holding out a card he 'd been given . 
 `` but they 're looking for people who have special skills based on some blood test . 
 if you have the thing they 're looking for , they take you to dallas to join a group they have there . 
 maggie looked into it , and she says it 's a legit operation . '' 
 `` humph , '' jemma muttered , turning the card over and reading it . 
 `` i do n't know , tat . 
 you know what they say , ` if it looks too good to be true ... . ' 
 besides , i 've been to dallas and it 's not that special . 
 not sure i ever want to go back . '' 
 `` i thought you lived in bellingham . 
 when were you in texas ? '' 
 reaching the door to the room they shared , jemma unlocked it . 
 `` long story , and not one i want to get into . 
 i wanted to tell you how much i appreciate you letting me crash here , tat . '' 
 he gave a laugh . 
 `` okay , we wo n't talk about dallas , jem . 
 but you know this place is as much yours as mine . 
 munger made a deal with the devil when he asked me to do that tattoo on this arm . 
 i might even be able to finish it by the time you and i can get out of this hellhole . 
 so will you go with me to the clinic to look into this test deal ? '' 
 `` yeah , but do n't go signin ' any papers . 
 you promise you wo n't do this if i decide it 's a scam ? 
 i just got a feeling about it that gives me goose bumps . '' 
 `` i promise . 
 i got ta get my stuff . 
 i got a gig doing a couple of tats tonight . 
 you keep the door locked tight . 
 i wo n't be back until morning . '' 
 jemma nodded and locked the door after he left the room , pushing the table in front of it . 
 the table was n't heavy enough to keep anyone from getting in , but the noise of it being pushed across the floor would be as good as a burglar alarm , giving her time to wake up and grab her knife . 
 the blade tat had given her was n't big , but it was sharp and she practiced using it every day , the way he 'd shown her . 
 the room was dark and dingy , but she and tat worked hard to keep it clean , and their living arrangement was almost perfect . 
 he worked nights at the tattoo shop . 
 during the day , she was out looking for work , studying , or taking the occasional odd job for some of the janitorial services in the city . 
 in return for the fancy ink tat was doing for munger , he 'd talked the old perv into giving them one of the rooms that had its own bath , with a tub and shower . 
 the water pressure was n't great , but they could bathe and do laundry in the tub . 
 she pulled a small jar of peanut butter and a couple of slices of bread out of her backpack . 
 mrs. moody had paid cash . 
 the rats in the building 's walls would devour any food they left in the room , so she and tat carried their meager groceries with them . 
 as she chewed on the sandwich , her thoughts drifted back to dallas . 
 the pain and sorrow of trying to remember her parents was so much more acceptable than remembering the families she had lived with after they died . 
 she would never , ever say it out loud , but she would give anything to have a real family . 
 she hated the need to live on the streets , beg for work , always look over her shoulder . 
 but she would die before she 'd let any of the sickos out there have any control over her again . 
 maybe she was fooling herself , thinking that family -- real parents she was born to -- would have been different . 
 she knew too many kids who had been forced to run from their own parents or relatives . 
 but somehow , she still believed . 
 dallas , the place she remembered , had been evil and disgusting , filled with nightmares , but that was the people , not the place . 
 right ? 
 if she went back , would she find a way to trace her family ? 
 maybe discover people who knew them , who could tell jemma what they 'd been like ? 
 or was she setting herself up to be tricked and used again , if she talked to these research people ? 
 finishing her sandwich , she carefully cleaned the crumbs away , placing them in a plastic bag she would dispose of in the morning . 
 then she reached for the book she had found in the trash at the space needle office she 'd cleaned . 
 a romance . 
 more like a fairy tale , but what the heck , reading would bring a pleasant escape and she could worry about real life tomorrow . 
 * * * * the lobby of the clinic was crowded with people she recognized from the streets , most of them not over sixteen . 
 seeing the people who had been invited made her even more suspicious of this offer , but she had promised to try and keep an open mind . 
 dr. sylvester stood at the front of the crowded lobby . 
 `` i know everyone is wondering about this opportunity and i want to assure you that it is totally legitimate . 
 the people who own this very clinic have been certified as approved caregivers by every organization related to health care . '' 
 she paused , giving the crowd a smile . 
 `` now , do n't run away when i say this word , but there is no conspiracy by the government . 
 i have worked for the gruen clinics since the day they opened , and am proud to be a part of the organization . '' 
 `` great , so what ? 
 just because some fancy organization says you 're okay , does n't mean a lot , '' a girl in the front row said . 
 `` true , but i want to give you the full story . 
 you have learned to trust us , at least to take care of you when you need care . 
 i know this is n't easy for any of you , but we work hard to do our best and i think you know that or you would n't be here . '' 
 a murmur of agreement rose from the attendees . 
 `` so what is this ? '' 
 tat called out . 
 `` what exactly is this study , and the offer to go to dallas ? '' 
 `` we hope it is a chance to give you the ability to regain your self-respect . 
 provide you with a means to earn your own way , and get off the streets . 
 the study is based on blood test results that appear , to the research team , to point to certain people having special abilities . 
 psychic abilities , that are n't always recognized by us because we have n't had the opportunity to accept them and ultimately enhance them . '' 
 stinger , a local bully , snickered . 
 `` you sayin ' these people think they can prove this stuff is real , and are able to see somethin’ in my blood that makes me have some kind of mind-reading stuff ? 
 that 's a crock . '' 
 `` it 's a theory based on many years of research . 
 not everyone believes in psychic abilities , but others are positive they not only exist , but we are trained to ignore them . 
 gruen research is working to determine what the truth is . '' 
 again , the runaways broke into conversation . 
 the director stood waiting until things settled down . 
 jemma wondered how the research could be worth the study . 
 it sounded like they were spending a lot of money on it , so the result would have to be something the research center would be able to sell for even more than they spent . 
 a trip to the library would be worth the time , to find out more . 
 as the room quieted , the director continued , `` we already know some of you have this marker ; this was determined when you came in to be treated earlier this year . '' 
 jemma watched as eyelids lowered , and distrust settled over the faces of the people around her . 
 the change from street-smart skeptics to the edge of anger was palpable . 
 dr. sylvester 's eyes scanned the room . 
 `` i see you think we have done something wrong , but the truth is that each of you who have been tested gave us permission . 
 it was clearly stated on the form you filled out , that we have your permission to do any tests we deem necessary . 
 that includes the ones we have already done . 
 those of you who have not been tested have n't had any treatment here . '' 
 several of the kids got up and walked out , making snarky comments as they left the room . 
 jemma had to admit she had read the statement and signed the form when she had gotten sick last summer . 
 another lesson learned the hard way : make sure you know exactly what it means when you are giving anyone permission to do anything . 
 the crowd was rapidly thinning around her , and she rose to join them , urging tat to do the same . 
 jemma tugged on tat 's arm . 
 `` we need to know more about this stuff before we waste any more time . 
 those goose bumps i had the other day are n't goin ' away . '' 
 chapter five larinda `` i called in a favor , and found out where jemma was placed after the accident , '' grant told hawke . 
 `` i know we ca n't get into the file until monday when jonathan presents the warrant , but my friend who works for social services gave me a name and address . '' 
 `` have you contacted the foster family ? 
 maybe they can tell us where she was moved to after she left them . '' 
 `` that 's the strange part . 
 there is no record of the man or his wife anywhere i can find . 
 at least , not since they were released from prison four years ago . 
 apparently they were convicted of exploitation of a child , or maybe trafficking ? 
 he was n't sure of the legalese . '' 
 `` hell , '' hawke snarled , slapping his palm on the table . '' 
 did n't they have to go through a background check before the state just handed them a couple of kids ? '' 
 `` i guess we 'll know more about that when we get hold of their file . 
 anyway , i do n't know what happened to the girl . 
 jemma . 
 but i was going to go see if any of the neighbors knew anything . 
 you want to come with ? '' 
 hawke grabbed his jacket and put it on as they walked to the elevator . 
 throwing grant the keys in a tacit agreement to an informal truce between them , he climbed in the passenger seat . 
 `` have you contacted the neighbors ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't want to give them the opportunity to have an emergency before i got there . 
 you know people get uncomfortable when they 're asked to provide information . 
 better to just show up . '' 
 the street was lined with older , well-kept homes . 
 families working to tidy their lawns , trim the trees , and maintain fanciful shrubbery gave the appearance that the people living there cared about what others thought . 
 grant pointed out the house where jemma had lived . 
 as they stopped , a middle-aged man in baggy shorts and flip-flops stepped down from the porch of the house next door , a tiny mop of a dog at his heels . 
 `` i 'm griffin hawke and this is grant mayfair , from legacy protection services . 
 could we take a minute to speak to you about your former neighbors ? '' 
 the man carefully looked them over . 
 `` i guess it depends on what you want to ask . '' 
 hawke gave a nod and grant asked , `` did you know the people who lived in the house next door ? 
 the munkfords ? '' 
 `` did they do something else ? '' 
 `` mr ... ? 
 `` sorry , i 'm keith linley . '' 
 `` mr. linley , we 're not sure what you mean . 
 we are trying to locate a girl who was placed with them , '' grant said . 
 `` was there some type of trouble here ? '' 
 `` perverts is what the trouble was . 
 they took in foster children and did things to them i ca n't bring myself to talk about . 
 they had two or three different girls , i think . 
 which one ? '' 
 `` we are trying to locate jemma nix , '' hawke said . 
 `` she had striking red hair . '' 
 linley rubbed his chin . 
 `` yeah , i remember her , a beautiful little girl with big , sad , green eyes and that hair . 
 they called her a troublemaker . 
 i did n't know what was happening until after she ran away . 
 thinking back , i suppose she was afraid of them , but she never said anything or acted like she was . '' 
 `` you say she ran away ? '' 
 grant asked . 
 `` do you remember when that was ? '' 
 linley scrunched his face in thought . 
 `` guess she was about eight the first time she ran . 
 was only gone a few hours , but you 'd of thought she 'd been scooped up by the devil himself . 
 the woman -- i never did know her name , was screaming and wailing like a professional funeral mourner . '' 
 linley scratched his head behind his ear . 
 `` her husband , nick -- or was it rick ? 
 he was bellowing at the cops like it was their fault . '' 
 `` did she come back or did someone find her ? '' 
 `` turns out she was only in the neighbor 's yard . '' 
 he pointed down the street . 
 `` she was holding their dog . 
 big guy . 
 a rottweiler . 
 he 'd bark like he 'd rip your heart out , but there she was , all snuggled up to him . 
 the neighbors were putting fresh water out for him when they saw her . '' 
 `` are they still living there ? 
 we might like to talk to them , too . '' 
 `` no , they moved after jemma ran away the third time . 
 state took her away and moved her to another place , but no one told me where . 
 a couple months later , the parents -- uh , foster parents , were arrested . 
 the wallaces , the people with the rotti , put their house up for sale the day after the police came . 
 never even got a christmas card from ` em after they left . '' 
 `` so you do n't know where jemma was taken ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 i asked the social services lady , but she said she could n't tell me . 
 she had to protect the girl . 
 damn poor job if you ask me . 
 never even knew those people were hurtin ' her . 
 they got arrested ` cause of drugs but those bastards were renting those kids out like they were apartment furniture . '' 
 * * * * larinda looked at the letter in her hand , unable to believe what she was seeing . 
 the desk she had received from mrs. warner 's had been placed in her office just that morning and she had been going through its contents , excitedly leaving the secret compartment for last . 
 she jumped as her private line rang . 
 the screen indicated a number she did n't recognize and , thinking it was a telemarketer or auto-dialer , she almost did n't pick it up . 
 a brisk shake of her head removed the cobwebs that had gathered as she reached for the phone . 
 `` are you really as stupid as your parents ? '' 
 an electronic voice rasped . 
 `` do n't you understand our business is none of yours ? 
 you are marked and will meet their same end . 
 stop the investigation . 
 now ! '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 larinda snapped . 
 `` you killed my parents ! '' 
 she looked at the note again , and the other papers spread across the desktop . 
 `` you killed them all ! '' 
 `` all ? 
 what do you mean , all ? '' 
 the line was silent for a dozen heartbeats . 
 `` my parents , '' larinda said , fury surging through her . 
 `` vera and marcus nix , my birth parents , and now fiona and boyd . '' 
 there was another silence . 
 `` you 're vera 's daughter ? 
 no one told me . 
 maybe you 're smarter than i thought -- or did someone tell you ? '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 larinda asked . 
 maybe she was finally going to find out what was behind this . 
 but all she got in answer was a brutal , menacing laugh . 
 `` your parents were stupid . 
 all of them . 
 they poked their noses where they did n't belong . 
 and if you keep doing the same , you 'll end up like them . '' 
 the caller abruptly disconnected . 
 larinda stared at the handset , then lowered it slowly to rest in the cradle , again staring at the paperwork before her . 
 the letter she 'd received only this morning , the missives she 'd found in boyd 's desk , and the note she had just discovered in the secret space of the desk that had belonged to marcus nix . 
 they were all written by the same person . 
 * * * * larinda slammed the file drawer closed and locked it . 
 nothing made sense . 
 she finally understood the cliché about spinning one 's wheels . 
 the handwriting on the letters appeared exactly alike , but she had no way to trace the writer . 
 she set the copies on her desk and completed preparing to mail the original messages to the private lab and arrange for an analysis , but that would take several days . 
 none of the threads she had pulled settled her questions about the list of names she 'd found . 
 they had only led to more questions . 
 she had n't found anything to move her investigation forward . 
 so why was this h making threats ? 
 she had believed she was being so careful . 
 how does he or she even know what i 'm doing ? 
 her office door swung open , and she thrust the paperwork into the center drawer of the desk and closed it . 
 `` la-la , what 's up ? '' 
 miranda shaw said as she walked to the chair across the desk and dropped into the seat . 
 `` you look upset . '' 
 `` nothing important . '' 
 larinda gave her friend a wry smile . 
 `` you know you are the only one who can get away calling me that . 
 do you need something , or are you playing hooky ? '' 
 `` i have a class with some of the new recruits . 
 thought you might want to join us , get some time on the gun range . 
 you can pretend whoever is bothering you has replaced the paper target . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 that would be the best thing for me right now , but i have a meeting with some prospective clients . 
 i 'll be showing them around the gym and range in the lower basement . 
 please be on your best behavior , and remind the class there are no transformations when in the building . 
 one of the trainees was in medusan form in the restroom yesterday . 
 she said she lost control , but i think she was just enjoying watching the change in the mirror . '' 
 `` that must have been betty . 
 she made the same claim a few days ago when i walked in on her in the dressing room . 
 anyway , i really just wanted to stop by and see if you would like to get together at the training facility in flower mound this evening . 
 amelia and i are going to take a run and thought you might want to join us now that you can do the morphing thing . '' 
 it will do me good to have the opportunity to work out some of this tension i 'm feeling , she thought . 
 `` sure , we can do some centaur-unicorn races . 
 i 'll look forward to it . '' 
 larinda waved goodbye to miranda as the phone rang . 
 picking up the receiver , she listened a moment . 
 `` thanks , kelli . 
 i 'll be there to meet them in a few minutes . '' 
 larinda greeted the small team representing senator howston in the lobby and led them to hawke 's office for a brief presentation of services offered . 
 the powers of the valens would not be discussed in the meeting , which included various members of the senator 's staff . 
 that would be saved for a private update , should he win the presidential election . 
 together hawke and larinda escorted their guest though the media room , gym , and firing range , before returning them to larinda 's office to discuss the contract . 
 as soon as the meeting ended , she returned to her office . 
 she glanced at her watch , rubbing her neck to work out the stiffness she always felt after making formal presentations . 
 placing a call to the garage attendant , she requested her car , gathered her purse and went to meet her friends . 
 miranda and amelia would already be at the training center and she did n't want to make them wait any longer than necessary to take the run miranda had promised . 
 miranda stood outside the stable as larinda approached . 
 `` hey , boss lady , you ready for a good workout ? 
 amelia and i are gon na make sure you know you 've been outclassed by the centaur twins . '' 
 larinda laughed . 
 `` we 'll see what you 've got , miranda , but do n't count on it . 
 i 've been practicing my skills . '' 
 `` you sure i 'm miranda ? '' 
 `` yes , but only because of those indigo knuckles . 
 if you want to trick people you should wear gloves or keep your hands behind your back , or make amelia throw a few punches at the bag before you leave the office . '' 
 `` never happen , '' amelia said from behind her , laughing . 
 `` even when we were kids she always had a slew of scrapes and bruises and i did n't . '' 
 `` humph , '' miranda muttered as she took sunwalker 's reins from her sister and strolled out of the paddock with larinda . 
 amelia and moonwalker followed the two women into the back pasture . 
 the lush green grass was surrounded by the dark cool shade of forest shelter . 
 in silent agreement the centaurs gracefully mounted their horses , blending with them seamlessly . 
 larinda watched as the two women , now in centaur form , playfully chased one another briefly before they returned and urged her to make the transformation to unicorn . 
 moments later the three were galloping though the field , the centaurs laughing and challenging their friend to a race . 
 `` whoa , that was definitely interference ! '' 
 amelia called out as miranda cut her off just before she got to the tree they had established as the goal . 
 miranda shrugged as she sailed across the finish line . 
 folding her hands as in prayer , she gave her sister an angelic smile . 
 `` would i do such a thing to my very own twin ? 
 i was just trying to make sure larinda got a chance to win . 
 after all , she is our boss . '' 
 larinda morphed back to human , shaking her head . 
 `` let me win ? 
 no way . 
 i won because i have the superior strength and stamina in equine form . '' 
 `` or we let you win , '' amelia taunted . 
 `` come on , miranda , let 's get the horses a drink and let corny over there set up the picnic . '' 
 the pond was on the other side of the pasture to larinda 's left , and the women walked toward it . 
 she watched them until they disappeared into the trees , then walked toward the picnic bag miranda had set under the tree . 
 as she passed beneath the shade of the live oak , something buzzed past her ear . 
 she raised her hand to bat away the insect when the sound reached her . 
 pop ! 
 a gunshot ! 
 stunned , she hesitated a moment too long before dropping to the ground . 
 another shot whizzed by , and bark flew off the tree and struck her in the face . 
 the birds that had been singing in the tree screeched their distress and took flight in unison . 
 larinda scrambled behind the tree , unable to identify exactly where the shots had come from . 
 a third bullet tore the flesh on her upper arm . 
 seeking better cover , she rolled on her side and inched further around the tree . 
 she landed on a rock hidden in the grass , and pain raced through her . 
 she bit back a scream . 
 would the shooter change the angle of his fire ? 
 could she make it to the edge of the forest , fifty feet away ? 
 she scanned the distance between her and the protection of the stand of trees that stood across from her . 
 deciding she had no other choice , she regained her feet , took a deep breath and ran . 
 a bullet struck the ground where she had just stood , sending a clump of dirt flying into her leg . 
 gods of the valens help me , she prayed , zigzagging so the shooter could n't predict her line of movement . 
 her vision tunneled as she concentrated on her goal . 
 her chest burned , muscles quivering with the effort of running through her fear . 
 she made it to the trees , still listening for another shot that did n't come . 
 roots , shrubs , and vines reached out to block her passage , delaying her struggle deeper into cover and the safety provided by the dense undergrowth . 
 as the leaves and branches closed around her , she stopped and leaned against the trunk of a massive oak , gasping , fighting to suck air into her lungs . 
 her vision began to clear and through the leaves , she spotted her friends running in the direction the bullet had come from . 
 her heart leapt into her throat and a scream welled up from her core . 
 she wanted to wave them back . 
 make them stop the advance on the shooter . 
 terrified they would become his next target . 
 the pop of another shot rang out . 
 then nothing . 
 she waited , listening . 
 had the shooting stopped ? 
 was the blood pounding in her ears blocking the sound ? 
 a scream punctured the silence . 
 miranda ? 
 amelia ? 
 had one of them been shot ? 
 injured ? 
 the knowledge that it was possible to call upon the unicorn to give her power and speed filtered through her terror . 
 she pushed away from the tree and rushed to find her friends , trying to will the change to happen as she went . 
 it would n't come , and she struggled on in human form . 
 as she neared the south side of the pasture , the thunder of a motorcycle engine coming to life filled the air . 
 the powerful motor thrummed , followed by the whine of tires spinning in the dirt , catching , and moving swiftly away . 
 she saw amelia standing over miranda , who was crawling on the ground . 
 gods ! 
 had miranda been hit ? 
 she raced over , only to realize that miranda was fanning her hands across the grass , searching for something . 
 the fear that gripped her eased . 
 `` you 're all right ! '' 
 she called out with relief . 
 `` i thought when i heard the scream -- and saw you on the ground -- '' `` amelia screamed when the shooter slipped out of reach , '' miranda said , standing up empty-handed . 
 `` and i was hoping for shell casings , but whoever it was policed his brass . 
 he 's a professional , who moves like speedy gonzales . '' 
 `` did you get a look at him ? '' 
 miranda shook her head . 
 `` no , he already had a motorcycle helmet on . '' 
 `` i should have had him , '' amelia snapped . 
 `` if we 'd gotten here five seconds sooner , we 'd be dragging his ass off to jail right now . '' 
 `` larinda ! 
 you 're bleeding . '' 
 miranda ran to her side and tore away her sleeve to get a better look . 
 `` you need to shift , heal the wound . '' 
 `` i did n't think it was that bad , '' larinda said , looking at the hole in her arm . 
 as her adrenalin rush faded , she became more conscious of the pain . 
 the bullet had left a deep gouge just below the shoulder . 
 blood was still welling up and dripping down her arm . 
 concentrating on the unicorn , she said , `` miranda , i ca n't . 
 i ca n't change . 
 why ? '' 
 `` it 's okay , larinda . 
 you are just a fledgling and not in complete control of your fate . 
 your abilities will return and mature . 
 amelia , go get the first aid kit . 
 it should be in the pack that held the picnic supplies . '' 
 larinda bit her lip and closed her eyes . 
 she was weak , but should have been able to transform . 
 what was happening ? 
 was her stalker going to succeed in killing her ? 
 was that why she felt it was so urgent to find jemma ? 
 * * * * hawke paced beside the windows as the team filtered into the conference room , chattering about the events of the evening . 
 larinda could see hawke 's anger each time he looked at her . 
 she really did n't want to hear his remarks , but knew it could n't be avoided . 
 the room fell silent as hawke 's stare drilled holes through larinda . 
 `` what were the three of you thinking ? 
 did you really think that you could take a sniper down without so much as a pea shooter ? '' 
 `` it happened so fast -- '' miranda stopped speaking when hawke directed his death-star stare at her . 
 larinda inhaled deeply . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't think that . 
 i was too scared to think about much . '' 
 `` so you just ran after miranda and amelia without a thought in your head ? '' 
 hawke 's voice softened to a deadly purr . 
 `` a lot of mistakes were made , but the point is , we 're all safe , '' larinda said , staring back into his eyes . 
 then she lowered her head , looking at the table . 
 he had a right to be angry . 
 `` all the training i 've had . 
 all the caution i 've been warned to take -- it just did n't automatically kick in when this happened . '' 
 hawke huffed and turned back to miranda . 
 `` what 's your excuse ? 
 you and amelia are trained operatives . 
 you have more experience between the two of you than most people in this room . '' 
 `` yeah , '' miranda agreed . 
 `` and the job is to protect your assignment . 
 we had to make sure the asshole did n't kill our friend , and we would have used our fingernails to scratch out his eyes if we 'd had to . '' 
 hawke nodded . 
 `` so , any idea who this bastard is and why he started shooting ? '' 
 larinda prayed her face did n't clue hawke in to the information she was determined to hold back . 
 she still did n't know who she could trust , and telling him everything now would cause an eruption more deadly than vesuvius . 
 `` not a clue , '' miranda said , and amelia agreed . 
 `` the attack was out of the blue , but had to have been planned . 
 he bypassed the security for the fence line at the back of the property , and that took an expert knowledge about the equipment we use . '' 
 amelia reluctantly voiced what others were thinking . 
 `` whoever it is , they have access to the property . 
 it has to be one of us . '' 
 grant jumped up , a sneer of disdain twisting his lips . 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 one of us ? 
 just who do you think it is ? '' 
 anxious discussion swept through the room . 
 `` quiet . '' 
 hawke snapped the single word , a whiplash of sound . 
 `` we would be foolish to ignore the possibility . 
 so let 's not waste time arguing , and get to the business of finding this bastard . '' 
 after the assignment had been made and before hawke could adjourn the meeting , larinda introduced the subject she want to discuss . 
 `` grant , what can you tell us about the search for my sister ? '' 
 the earlier events had proved jemma had to be found . 
 soon . 
 `` it was bad enough when we could n't get the records , but now we have them and we 've reached another roadblock . 
 the last family jemma was placed with suddenly picked up and moved . 
 we 've tried everything . 
 there was no forwarding address . 
 no credit cards can be found in the family 's name . 
 hell , they did n't even have a car registered . '' 
 larinda gave a heavy sigh . 
 `` you mean the department screwed up again ? 
 i know those people are overworked , but this is just not acceptable . '' 
 `` there does n't seem to be a reason to suspect the investigators made any mistakes . 
 we 've reviewed the files and everything so far has checked out , '' grant said . 
 `` we just have n't been able to determine where they went . 
 their neighbors said they were there , with jemma and several other children , seemed nice and stable , and then suddenly they were gone . 
 my friend at the state office is trying to find any records that were n't in the original files . 
 there could be a mis-file , and if there is , she 'll find it and let me know as soon as she has anything . '' 
 `` so jemma just disappears and no one knows where ? '' 
 larinda looked at grant , then hawke . 
 `` owhowhow could this happen to her ? '' 
 `` we do n't know for sure , '' hawke said softly as he sat beside her at the conference table . 
 `` grant is just saying be patient . 
 there have been a number of circumstances that have delayed the search and we do n't know how to interpret this specific information yet . 
 but i promise you -- we will find her . '' 
 `` so what 's next on the agenda ? 
 do we have any good news ? '' 
 `` no good news . 
 the police chief called us to help look into some disappearances . 
 nothing formal . 
 just a request to keep our eyes and ears open . 
 it seems a few of the homeless have disappeared without any logical explanation . 
 he thought we might be able to put some feelers out with our contacts . 
 it seems the people his officers have approached are scared to speak out . '' 
 larinda , nodded . 
 `` do you have anyone who will talk to you ? '' 
 `` they 're willing to talk to us , but so far we have n't found anyone who knows anything . 
 they tell us that one day someone will be around , and the next they 're just gone . 
 it might not seem that would be strange , but most of these men and women have been staying in the same five or six block area a long time . 
 none of them seem to wander about much . '' 
 `` maybe they got sick , went to one of the organizations that provide aid , and were moved , '' hawke suggested . 
 `` we 're looking into that . 
 so far nothing has surfaced with any of the regular church and charity groups . '' 
 hawke took a sip of water and said , `` let 's keep checking when we have someone in the area , but unless the chief can find people are dying or we come across something that gives us a direction to pursue , do n't make any formal assignments . '' 
 grant agreed , gathered his computer , and left with hawke . 
 larinda remained behind , wondering what would cause four people to just disappear without a word . 
 she was well aware there were things that humans did n't know about -- and in this case ignorance could be extremely dangerous . 
 chapter six jemma tat placed a cupcake with a single lit candle in front of jemma as she studied for her ged . 
 `` happy birthday , girl , you made it . 
 no one can put you in another foster home , and you got that guy at the school district to sign the form required by the testing center . 
 another month and we 'll celebrate your graduation ! '' 
 jemma could feel her eyes mist . 
 `` thanks , tat . 
 i -- i do n't remember how long it 's been since anyone did something nice for me -- just because they wanted to . '' 
 `` hey , just lookin ' out for my roomie , '' tat said . 
 `` we make a good team , jem . '' 
 jemma gave tat a brief hug . 
 she knew he meant what he said . 
 they understood a lot about each other . 
 `` hard to believe we 've been here almost two years without getting caught . 
 i saw one of the newer kids getting hauled off by the cops the other day . 
 they 'll be shipping him back to where he came from -- or to jail . '' 
 `` not everyone is as lucky as us . 
 i have my art and an outlet that 's let me earn some bucks and give us a place off the streets . 
 you have an insatiable desire to learn everything there is about everything there is . 
 so many of the others are just lost . 
 do n't know how to take care of themselves . 
 ca n't earn money working so they get involved with the lowlifes who strip them of the rest of their dignity -- get them hooked on drugs or use them up and dump them like trash . 
 but enough of that . 
 we 're going to go for a burger tonight , then to a movie . 
 act like normal people , doing something to celebrate . 
 my treat . '' 
 `` not until we have a chance to eat this cupcake , '' jemma said , laughing . 
 `` you do n't think i 'd leave it for the roaches and the rats , do you ? '' 
 `` oh , i forgot your present , '' he said , walking into the bathroom . 
 the hangers to the shower curtain scraped along the rod , and a moment later he returned with a surprise hidden under a towel . 
 setting it down on the table next to the bed , he plugged it in . 
 `` voila ! '' 
 he said , pulling the towel off the tiniest little refrigerator she had ever seen . 
 `` those nasty rats and roaches wo n't get in here . '' 
 jemma squealed and ran to give him a hug , before lowering herself in front of the box and checking the tiny shelves and storage racks . 
 `` it 's brand new . 
 you should n't have done this . 
 it had to cost way too much , i mean i looked at one and -- '' `` decided it was too extravagant . 
 well , you do n't become a legal adult every day , ms. nix . 
 besides , my boss picked it up and gave it to both of us to use , '' he said , with a guilty grin on his face . 
 `` your boss ? 
 dennis ? '' 
 `` naw , moved to another shop last week . 
 rachel is her name . 
 she 's beautiful , talented and i think i 'm already falling in love , '' he said . 
 `` ' you told her we live together ? 
 and she still gave this to you ? '' 
 `` jem , she knows everything about me -- including the fact we 've never been lovers . 
 was never in the cards for us . 
 she and i worked together when dennis finally let me start working with the needles . 
 she was n't there long , it was a temporary gig while she was scoping out locations for her own place . 
 came in from pittsburgh and is working her way to la. . 
 says when her rep is stronger she 's gon na be the tat artist to the stars . '' 
 `` so what about the dallas thing ? 
 i thought you decided to go for it , though i was hoping you would change your mind . '' 
 he walked over and picked up the cupcake , placing it in the fridge before urging her toward the door , locking it behind them before they started down the stairs . 
 `` yeah , well , apparently i did n't qualify . 
 i took the blood test but i do n't have that thing they 're looking for . 
 i was n't going to say anything until you decided . 
 i did n't want my failure to affect your decision . '' 
 `` oh , i made my decision . 
 i 'm not going . 
 it would take an act of god to get me to go back there . '' 
 `` like the mountain blowing its stack again , like they talk about ? '' 
 `` a volcano eruption . 
 maybe . 
 or no tooth or one of his cronies rescuing a kid from danger . '' 
 `` like any of those old trolls could even move fast enough to get out of each other 's way . '' 
 tat laughed as they walked out of the hotel and headed toward the diner for her birthday dinner . 
 as jemma went to pick up a french fry , a spasm struck her hand like a viper , causing her fingers to twist painfully . 
 just as quickly , the cramping stopped and the pain disappeared . 
 `` you had another one of those episodes . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 tat asked , reaching across and taking her hand in his , massaging the fingers . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it stopped . '' 
 jemma jerked her hand from his . 
 as much as she trusted tat , she could n't stand to be touched by him , or anyone else . 
 the look on his face carried an unspoken apology , and a sadness that threatened to overwhelm her . 
 `` well , let 's finish up here , '' tat said . 
 `` we have to get to the show before it starts . '' 
 yes , he was her friend and understood everything about her . 
 he did n't need an explanation . 
 `` what are we going to see ? 
 i ca n't remember the last time i was at a movie . '' 
 `` you 'll just have to be surprised . 
 when we get to the movie house , you wait by the posters and i 'll get the tickets , '' he said . 
 `` you 're going to love it . '' 
 he bought tickets and waved her over to him . 
 `` this is an older movie , but it has everything . 
 the wild west , space ships , mad man-eaters , and a character with awesome fighting skills . 
 it was made because the tv series was canceled and i keep hoping they 'll make more . 
 when i have a television i 'm going to buy the dvds of the tv show . '' 
 the marquee above the theater door showed the movie title . 
 serenity . 
 jemma laughed . 
 `` that does n't sound like the movie you just described . 
 you sure you bought the right tickets ? '' 
 tat laughed too , opening the door to the auditorium . 
 `` just wait . 
 it 's awesome and i bet you 're going to like it as much as i do . '' 
 jemma laughed , cried , screamed , and hid her eyes behind her hands . 
 when the movie was over , she was disappointed that there was n't more to watch . 
 `` tat , that was amazing . 
 i did love it . 
 thanks for sharing something you like with me . '' 
 `` i just knew you were a fantasy kind of girl , jem . '' 
 `` well , i would n't go that far . 
 i 'm more of an i-live-with-too-much-reality girl , and i love a great escape . 
 i wish i could believe that there is magic in the world . 
 a place or a people who are there to help others and -- i do n't know . 
 maybe can do things we ca n't , like stop an earthquake from killing hundreds or thousands of people . '' 
 `` well , there are legendary creatures that could to that . 
 i think it was one of the powers of the unicorn in some myth i read when i was a kid . 
 too bad myth and reality are two very different things . 
 let 's get out of here . 
 i 'll meet you in front of the theater in five or ten minutes . '' 
 `` in other words , you have to make a deposit . 
 got it . 
 see you in a few . '' 
 jemma headed out to the sidewalk in front of the building , watching all the moviegoers walking to various parking lots or eating establishments , and the traffic along the street as people came and went to unknown destinations . 
 some on business , in trucks or vans , others in cars . 
 a stoplight turned red at an intersection a half-block from where she stood , just as a young girl stepped into the street in the path of a semi-truck . 
 the screech of tires as the driver attempted to stop rose to a crescendo over the traffic . 
 a huge black dog rushed out from the opposite street corner and snatched the girl from the path of the truck , just in time . 
 jemma blinked in disbelief . 
 she could have sworn a man had been standing on that corner . 
 and the next second , a dog had been in the same place . 
 she rubbed her eyes , wondering what insanity had possessed her to imagine such a thing . 
 the semi-truck passed the crosswalk and the girl stood alone on the corner where jemma had first seen her , staring around her , a startled look on her face . 
 the dog -- and the man -- had completely disappeared . 
 jemma wondered briefly , as tat appeared to walk her home , if she had inadvertently been exposed to some kind of street drugs . 
 something that caused hallucinations . 
 * * * * astrid sat in the car with the seattle clinic director , looking through the agenda as they drove to the hotel where she would meet the kiddies who were eligible for the research . 
 a name she expected to see was missing . 
 when she asked , the director told her the girl had refused to participate . 
 `` what do you mean , she refused to come ? '' 
 astrid screamed . 
 `` i want her . 
 you need to find her and convince her that my offer is better than anything else she 's going to get . 
 get her here before i leave tomorrow , or you can turn in your keys to the clinic . '' 
 `` i -- i do n't know ... '' the director gulped . 
 `` i do n't know where to look . 
 these people do n't give us real addresses or tell us where they work -- when they work . 
 i do n't know how -- '' `` enough excuses , '' astrid snapped . 
 `` you find her . 
 period . '' 
 the clinic director began making calls to members of the staff , telling them to begin a search for the girl . 
 pale and trembling , she slid an occasional glance toward astrid , who sat in frozen silence . 
 she 'd better find that girl by tomorrow , astrid thought , or she 'd be lucky if losing her job was all that happened to her . 
 chapter seven larinda larinda 's cell phone played the roar from the old mgm movie intros -- grant mayfair 's ringtone . 
 `` shelly at social services found a file , '' grant told her when she answered . 
 `` i 'm taking amelia with me to seattle . 
 if the records are right , your sister may be up there , but she is probably living on the streets . 
 seems like the foster family relocated outside of the city , and she ran away shortly after that . '' 
 grant and amelia arrived in seattle on an unusually bright , sunny day . 
 the natives would say `` the mountain was out '' -- you could see mount rainier , over fifty miles away . 
 they rented a car and drove the seven hills that made up the city , looking for the likeliest place to begin their search . 
 though they were on business , it was hard to resist taking time to see some of the sights . 
 the famous seattle space needle , puget sound , and the hammering man statue at the entrance to the seattle art museum were easy to spot as they drove though the city . 
 one of the most unusual sights was the fremont troll . 
 a bigger than life-size sculpted troll rising from the underworld clutching a volkswagen beetle , located beneath the george washington bridge in fremont . 
 the area was also one of the places they would explore that night , to garner leads to the whereabouts of jemma nix . 
 they added pike place market and the seattle underground to their list of possible places runaways might gather , though with so many on the streets , she could be found anywhere . 
 it was after ten when they left the hotel in search of jemma or someone who could tell them where she was . 
 amelia headed toward the piers , while grant walked the alleys in downtown seattle . 
 the pike place market was closed , but there were a variety of restaurants along several piers and the dumpster divers would already be laying claim to their favorites . 
 `` hey , bitch , '' a boy called out as amelia turned the corner to go into the alley behind ivar 's . 
 `` ya need a man to make ya happy ? '' 
 amelia smiled . 
 `` have you seen one ? 
 a man ? 
 i might be up for something . '' 
 the boy 's grime-covered jaw clenched and she could almost hear his teeth grinding . 
 `` i 'll show ya what ya need . '' 
 his eyes flashed in the light over the back door of the oyster bar . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't think you or your friends would be very entertaining , but i need some information i 'm willing to pay for . '' 
 `` what kind of information ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for a young woman . '' 
 amelia pulled two pictures from her back pocket . 
 one was of jemma five years ago , from the social services case file . 
 the second picture was of larinda . 
 `` i know she is in seattle and have reason to believe she lives out here on the streets like you . '' 
 `` shit . 
 someone is always looking for their kid , their slave , their sex toy . 
 which are you ? '' 
 amelia felt the words like punches , but maintained a cool calm . 
 `` private investigator . 
 her sister is ... '' `` crap . 
 now it 's her sister ? 
 probably the one who put her out on the streets to begin with . '' 
 `` so you know jemma ? '' 
 the boy 's eyes grew large as they stared directly into her own . 
 a way to show her he was n't lying ? 
 it was n't working . 
 `` i never said i knew nobody , '' he spat . 
 `` go away , bitch . 
 we do n't need no investigators stinkin ' up our streets . 
 go back to the sister and tell her your girl died , or left town . 
 whatever . '' 
 amelia reached into her jacket and held out a hundred dollar bill . 
 `` i 'm going to be around for a few days . 
 help me find jemma . '' 
 she held out the money and when he did n't take it , she placed it on the closed dumpster lid and walked away . 
 she did n't have to look back to know he had already tucked it away . 
 chapter eight jemma the clinic director 's assistant , shirley , cleared her throat as she walked toward the table where astrid sat reviewing the paperwork she needed to complete . 
 `` ms. van horn , may i -- i mean , i have information for you . 
 i know where you can find jemma nix , and i can take you to her if you want . '' 
 astrid snapped , `` why did n't you just tell the director this when she called you from the car ? 
 it would have saved work and you could have brought her to us today . '' 
 `` i -- the director -- i did n't -- '' astrid huffed out a sigh , setting the pen she held on the desk . 
 `` spit it out , girl , '' she said . 
 `` i am not angry , and if there 's a conflict with the director , i 'll handle that . 
 so what information do you have for me ? '' 
 `` i -- i live on the same street jemma does , in a building that 's supposed to be condemned . 
 i see her most mornings when she gets work . 
 i could probably get her to meet with you , but she 'll want it to be somewhere public , somewhere she feels like she can leave if she 's uncomfortable . 
 like a lot of us , she does n't trust people easily . '' 
 `` and you think i 'm the one who should talk to her ? 
 what about the director ? 
 is n't she more familiar to this jemma ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 the director does n't have much contact with the patients . '' 
 `` i see , '' astrid said . 
 the director was n't performing to the standards she had set . 
 no wonder jemma had refused to come in and talk . 
 gruen clinic staff members , from director to receptionist , were supposed to interact and develop trust with the clients . 
 now she understood why the girl had been so reluctant to say anything . 
 `` then i would like you to talk to jemma nix , arrange for us to have lunch somewhere she would be comfortable , and we will meet . 
 explain i have no intention of forcing her to make a decision in my favor , but i do expect her to clearly understand what we are doing and why we would like her to join us . 
 and , shirley , you can be assured your name will not be mentioned , nor will this conversation , when i speak with the director later . 
 thank you for coming to me . 
 now go , and let me know when you have made the arrangements . '' 
 shirley gave a half-curtsey , whirled about and left the room , closing the door softly as she went . 
 if this worked out , the girl would have earned a bonus , and perhaps she was smart enough to take the director 's place . 
 she was probably doing most of the work anyway , and that type of move might influence other possible candidates in the future . 
 a good thing for horace 's research . 
 * * * * hawke opened his investigation folder and looked at the social services photo of jemma nix . 
 younger than larinda , she had the same auburn hair , but blue eyes rather than larinda 's green . 
 but what disturbed him was the coldness of her features . 
 a coldness he understood , now that the team had discovered why she had run away so many times . 
 the truth was , the worst and most perverted scum always found a way to fool those around them . 
 so many of them seemed to be chameleons , blending in with society , even being looked upon as leaders and humanitarians , while they crushed the souls of those under their care . 
 when they did find jemma , she would n't trust any of them at first . 
 it was going to be a challenge to get her to believe she was home , that he and the others were relieved and excited to have found her . 
 most of all , she would have a hard time accepting she was valen . 
 another challenge to be dealt with as quickly as possible , as she could make her first shift at any time after she turned eighteen . 
 he picked up the picture and slipped it into his pocket , drawn to the girl who had n't had the privileges larinda had . 
 larinda was graceful , beautiful and smart , but she could so easily stand on her own . 
 jemma would need someone to offer support without strings attached , and he was going to be the one to help her along . 
 * * * * jemma looked across the table at astrid van horn , wondering if it was the way the woman looked that made her uncomfortable , or the way she seemed to be trying too hard to sound harmless . 
 but she had made the commitment to talk to her over lunch and she kept her promises . 
 besides , it was n't like the woman was going to pull out a gun and force her to go with her . 
 if she was going to do something like that , she would n't be trying so hard to act friendly . 
 `` i do not understand the dna studies . 
 that i leave to my partner , dr. gruen , who has the knowledge . 
 however , he tells me your tests indicate a strong possibility that you are psychic , and that is something that can be a benefit to you . 
 would n't you like to be able to tell what is going to happen , or who might have bad intentions ? 
 if you had been properly trained , you would know i am here only to help you and the others we have included in our study . '' 
 i do n't need to be psychic to know when someone is talking a lot of bull , jemma thought , but she did n't say anything . 
 the offer was n't a bad one , and now that tat was involved with his new boss , it was uncomfortable for her to share his room . 
 maybe this would be a way to gracefully exit and a chance for her to start fresh . 
 no one would be looking for her in dallas anymore , and she was now legally old enough to stand on her own . 
 astrid 's cell phone rang , and she glanced at the screen . 
 `` excuse me , i have to take this call . '' 
 she answered and told the person on the other end to hold . 
 `` if this is what i think , i may have to go back to dallas for a few days . 
 perhaps that will give you time to decide what you wish to do . '' 
 jemma agreed . 
 van horn left money on the table for the check and walked out the diner door , telling jemma to take her time , and eat the lunch when it arrived . 
 `` what has happened now ? '' 
 astrid barked into the phone as she walked to her rental car . 
 she unlocked the door and climbed behind the wheel , all the time listening to the person on the other end of the phone . 
 she could feel the anger rise though her , hot and deadly , like the lava that rose to the crest of the volcano before it began to spew its fire on those below . 
 `` then get some of the men together and we will make a plan to get rid of her . 
 i thought when we killed boyd and vera , it was done . 
 no more spying on us and trying to tell us what we should or should not do . 
 i will catch the first flight from here , and be back in town tonight . '' 
 chapter nine larinda the office was bright with the lights from the surrounding downtown buildings and the light of a moon touched by gold . 
 larinda rubbed her temples and closed her eyes , taking a break from the stack of reports she had been reading . 
 it was after midnight and everyone else had gone home . 
 she knew investigations could take time . 
 they could take a long time . 
 but this was the first time she had experienced frustration as a client . 
 she had thought she was prepared to wait , but her heart ached that they had been unable to find jemma . 
 grant and amelia had been in seattle two days , talking to the runaways who lived in various parts of the city . 
 she understood they had n't had time to build much trust . 
 it made sense the young men and women did n't trust her investigators , but she had hoped the money lure would have overcome the suspicion . 
 larinda glanced though the wall of windows that looked over the midnight-dark sky of downtown dallas . 
 a movement at the corner of her eye drew her attention , but when she turned toward it , nothing was there . 
 i should go home . 
 long hours and late nights are making me skittish . 
 just as she was about to rise from her chair , an explosion rocked the building , and the windows vibrated violently . 
 an alarm sounded in the hallway , and her computer screen lit up with flashing warnings . 
 security breach . 
 sector lockdown in progress . 
 lockdown sector 1 . 
 sector 1 . 
 the executive sector . 
 the intruders were in this section of the building . 
 and she was trapped inside the lockdown zone . 
 larinda froze . 
 listening . 
 faint voices drifted through the door . 
 lifting the phone handset , she pushed the button that connected to building security . 
 the line was dead . 
 the lockdown had cut off communications . 
 she reached into the desk drawer for her gun , took a deep breath , stood and walked to the door . 
 larinda eased open her office door and peered cautiously into the corridor . 
 the far end was filled with dust and debris . 
 through it , should could dimly see two men -- valens -- in the process of changing to human form . 
 stepping back , she slowly closed and locked the office door , and punched a number into her cell . 
 she had n't been able to see what type of weapons they had , or if there were more of them , but the explosion indicated they were well armed . 
 she needed backup , fast . 
 she called hawke . 
 the call was immediately directed to voice mail . 
 she could hear the men 's voices through the door . 
 not loud enough to understand what was being said , but the sound was drawing nearer . 
 she tried not to panic , as she had at flower mound , but her heart clawed its way into her throat . 
 she left a brief message , disconnected and tried declan . 
 `` i have building security on the other line , '' he said . 
 `` someone 's breached headquarters . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` trapped in my office . 
 they 're in the hall . '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think only two , '' she said . 
 `` valens , but i do n't know what kind . '' 
 `` get into the safe room and lock the door . 
 i 'm on my way . '' 
 she pressed the wall panel to the hidden door , glad her parents had listened to hawke when he suggested they install the hideaway when the office had been remodeled the year before . 
 slipping into the room , she pulled the door closed and set the lock , which turned on the audio monitor to her office . 
 a dull thud sounded . 
 someone had struck the outer office door . 
 thump ! 
 seconds passed . 
 thump ! 
 larinda could hear the wooden frame break as the door gave way and swung back with a crash . 
 the men called out her name , laughing . 
 larinda released the safety on the gun and backed away opposite the door . 
 one of the men spoke . 
 `` the unicorn is n't here . 
 you have the sketch showing where we 'll find the safe ? '' 
 `` the painting behind her desk . 
 it 's not going to be easy to get it out . '' 
 `` that 's why you brought me . 
 move , so i can change back to yeti . '' 
 yeti . 
 larinda tried to remember if she knew of any valens with a yeti fate . 
 she could n't think of any . 
 rogues ? 
 what do they want in the safe ? 
 do they know i found the letters ? 
 or about the files of the people i 've been investigating ? 
 how ? 
 the scrabble of claws scraping and the crack of paneling being ripped apart echoed loudly through the monitor . 
 then there was a series of heavy blows to the wall , and the whole room shook . 
 gods of the valens , they were n't breaking into the safe . 
 they were tearing apart the concrete surround . 
 they were going to take the whole safe with them . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 one of the men called out . 
 the noise came to an abrupt stop . 
 she could hear them running their hands over the wall , walking closer to the hidden door . 
 `` our little filly seems to have a panic room , frank . 
 let 's open up it up and pry her out , and then we 'll finish with the safe . '' 
 * * * * when hawke got the call from the head of building security , he was forty miles from the office . 
 he immediately shifted to gryphon , launching himself in the air with his powerful wings . 
 there was n't time to drive . 
 larinda was in trouble , and someone had hacked the security codes . 
 the head of security was unable to release the lockdown and get a rescue team inside . 
 since boyd and fiona were gone , there were only two people with the authority to override the security system . 
 he was one . 
 and the other was trapped inside the lockdown zone with two rogue valens . 
 alone . 
 hawke and declan arrived at the lobby simultaneously . 
 hawke morphed back to human form and headed for the auxiliary security panel near the stairwell . 
 `` take the stairs , '' he said to declan . 
 `` by the time you get to the executive floor , i 'll have the door open . '' 
 declan effortlessly morphed to his true nature of amarok -- the wolf -- bounding up the steps a flight at a time . 
 hawke tapped in his executive security code and waited for the iris scan . 
 it seemed to take forever . 
 he watched the screen , holding his breath . 
 if this did n't work , he 'd have to fly in , with no backup . 
 there was a brief pause , and then the screen flashed , override code accepted . 
 pulling out his phone , he called the head security officer . 
 `` we have control back , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going up . 
 declan 's with me . '' 
 the head of security said , `` i have teams on standby . 
 should i send them up ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' hawke said . 
 `` wait for my signal . '' 
 he did n't want these bastards to know they were coming . 
 he raced up the stairs , catching up with declan at the top and taking the lead . 
 as declan followed hawke down the hall to larinda 's office , his lips pulled back , exposing his killing teeth in a silent snarl . 
 the door hung drunkenly on one hinge . 
 inside , they could hear the rending of wood , and then a frustrated pounding . 
 `` hell , i ca n't get this room open . 
 the door has to be six inches of steel . 
 i 'll grab the safe , frank . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 hawke stepped into the room . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' he said . 
 the one called frank spun around , taking a step forward . 
 he stopped when he noticed the hellish devil-hound at hawke 's side , fangs exposed and glistening in the moonlight . 
 `` what is that thing ? '' 
 he yelled , backing toward the windows . 
 hawke 's lips lifted into a deadly smile . 
 `` you do n't seem to have a very good grasp of the various forms valens can take . 
 been living shut off from the world in a basement perhaps ? '' 
 frank kept backing away . 
 `` i seen valens , but i ai n't seen nothin ' like that , '' he said . 
 `` my friend is known as an amarok . 
 a valens native to alaska , where the inuit fear him . 
 now , if you do n't want me to let him swallow you whole , let 's talk about why you 're here and who sent you . '' 
 the one in the form of the yeti had larinda 's wall safe in his powerful arms . 
 he turned and threw it toward the wall of windows , shattering them , and plunged through the opening after it . 
 the second man had begun morphing as soon as his partner moved . 
 completing the change to harpy , he dove after his partner , grabbing the yeti his claws . 
 hawke and declan rushed to the window . 
 the two valens flew off over the tops of the buildings . 
 hawke nearly went after them . 
 in gryphon form , he could overtake them easily . 
 the sound of the door behind the desk opening stopped him . 
 larinda , gun still in hand , peeked out . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 hawke asked , going over to her . 
 `` yes , '' larinda said , staring out the shattered window . 
 `` who were they ? '' 
 `` i did n't recognize them . '' 
 hawke studied her for a moment before he asked , `` any idea who sent them ? '' 
 she just shook her head , not trusting her voice would n't give her away . 
 declan changed back to human . 
 `` i do n't recognize the scent , have n't run across them before . '' 
 hawke said , `` i was n't aware we had a rogue pod in the area . 
 they 've been keeping a low profile . '' 
 `` well , not anymore , '' larinda said , hoping she sounded convincing . 
 hawke 's expression told her he was suspicious she knew more than she was saying . 
 `` if they 're rogue , we did n't know they were in town , so why come after me and give themselves away ? '' 
 `` we need to find out who they are and how they knew to come through the window , '' hawke said . 
 `` only someone who works here would have the information on how to bypass the system , use the lockdown to their advantage . 
 larinda , i 'm going to have dec make sure you get home without any problems . 
 i 'll get someone up here to take care of this mess and assign a team to see what they can find out about these guys . 
 we want to find them and stop them before anything worse happens . '' 
 before i end up like my parents , larinda thought . 
 she wished she knew who she could trust -- and who was the traitor in their midst . 
 * * * * amelia made her way cautiously into the alley to meet jake , the boy she 'd talked to earlier , and see what her hundred dollars had bought . 
 jake jumped up from his seat on a packing crate beside the dumpster . 
 `` okay , so i found out somthin ' about that girl you 're lookin ' for . 
 what do i get if i tell you ? '' 
 `` i told you i 'd pay , jake . 
 so what do you have ? '' 
 amelia waited , staring at him . 
 jake looked around , sighed and nodded . 
 `` ok . 
 ok . 
 she ... well there was this old biddy . 
 older than you . 
 well she was askin ' around on the streets , said she was lookin ' for some special runaways . 
 special . 
 do n't know what would make someone special . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 amelia frowned . 
 was it possible someone knew jemma was valens ? 
 `` and this woman ... '' `` yeah . 
 well she was askin ' for this girl . 
 this jemma you been lookin ' for . 
 first it was just askin ' questions then she had a drawin ' -- then well -- then no tooth says he saw them together . 
 the blonde biddy and this jemma -- and they left . 
 got in a big car and they drove away . '' 
 `` how did he know it was jemma ? '' 
 `` said she was a friend but she did n't say good-bye or nothin ' . '' 
 `` any idea who the woman was ? 
 can you give me a better description ? '' 
 jake bounced on the balls of his feet several times and a trembling snaked up his body . 
 his shoulders twitched in a grotesque parody of a disco dancer 's shoulder roll . 
 `` uh ... no , but no tooth , '' jake lifted his chin , `` he 's in the buildin ' over there . 
 i tole him you 'd pay him too ... but i get the most ... i found him . '' 
 amelia wanted to laugh , but gave him a serious nod . 
 `` let 's talk to your friend . '' 
 no tooth lived up to his name . 
 not one tooth showed in the grin that twisted his sunken lips . 
 his body was skeletal , and brown eyes bugged out of a dark chocolate face . 
 `` the bitch was , was , was , big like a de-fense football guy or gri -- grizly b -- bear . 
 biiiigggg arms . 
 could , could , could squeeze ya to dea -- death . 
 actin ' like her shit do n't , do n't stink . 
 primpin ' that blond hair . '' 
 no tooth patted at his hair in a sad imitation of a woman flirting . 
 `` did you know who she was ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 `` maybe she left a name or a card with some of the people she talked to ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i got , got a card . 
 manorn somthin ' . 
 or vanorn . '' 
 no tooth cackled , reaching into the pocket of his greasy jeans and pulling out a dirt-smudged card with a barely legible phone number on it . 
 amelia reached for it , but no tooth whipped his hand behind his back . 
 `` money . 
 i , i , i 'm no fool . 
 you promised money , jake said . 
 give it to me now . '' 
 amelia had heard the slide of restless feet on the cement in the shadows of the building . 
 `` i tell you what . 
 i 'm not a fool either , mr. no tooth . 
 i did n't bring the money with me . 
 come to the diner down the street and we 'll meet my partner . 
 he 'll pay both of you . '' 
 no tooth 's eyes squinted into a glare . 
 `` you tryin ' to fool us ? 
 we not gon na be fools , bitch . '' 
 amelia shrugged . 
 `` i already paid jake just to talk to him for a few minutes . 
 why would i try to fool you ? 
 you have something i want and i can pay , we just have to leave your friends -- '' she nodded at the shadowy corner of the room where the noise had come from , `` -- and the two of you come with me . 
 i certainly could n't do anything to hurt you , right ? 
 i 'm just a woman . 
 alone . 
 but you and your crew could make it hard on me , so we do this in the open with my partner . '' 
 no tooth let out a louder cackle of laughter . 
 `` okay . 
 jake , let 's go . 
 we gon na make some money . '' 
 chapter ten jemma tat sat down at the table , his face clouded with concern or maybe guilt . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 jemma asked . 
 `` you look funny . 
 funnier than usual , '' she added , only half joking . 
 `` i -- i need to talk to you , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 `` uh , i -- '' `` come on , tat , you 're beginning to scare me . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` rebecca got a call from a friend in la. . 
 he wants her to come out and partner with him in a shop he just opened . 
 she wants me to go with her , and -- '' jemma laughed . 
 `` that makes things so much easier . 
 i was trying to find a way to tell you that i changed my mind . 
 i 'm going to accept the offer from the clinic . 
 go to dallas . 
 i might even be able to find someone who knew my parents if i go and take the job . 
 i mean , it wo n't be easy and i do n't really know where to start , but i 'd like to know about them . 
 but i 'll deny i ever said such a thing if you tell anyone . '' 
 `` when did you decide that ? '' 
 tat asked , surprise reflected in his face . 
 `` i 've been trying for a week to figure out a way to tell you i was leaving and i 've been going crazy trying to figure out how to keep you safe around here . 
 munger would n't be as generous about the room if it was just you living here . 
 wow . 
 now i do n't have to worry so much . 
 when are you going to leave ? '' 
 `` well , i have n't actually taken the offer yet . 
 i 've been waiting for ms. van horn to come back . 
 she had to make a quick trip back to dallas . 
 she called me and said she would be here tomorrow . '' 
 `` called you ? '' 
 `` yeah , she left me a phone to use while she was gone , '' jemma told him . 
 `` she wants it back , though , because it 's the number for people here to call if they have any questions before she comes back for the next conference and meetings . 
 she gave some cards out to no tooth with the number on it while she was waiting for me the other day before lunch . '' 
 `` well , if she really meant what that director told us about their offer , you can get your own phone when you get to dallas and get set up . 
 did you know the woman got canned ? 
 rebecca is the acting director at the clinic now . '' 
 `` wow , i did n't know , '' jemma said . 
 `` she 's gon na be able to get out of that dump she 's been living in . 
 maybe these guys are legit . '' 
 the talked until long after dark , arranging to stay in touch , making plans about where jemma would stay if she did n't leave before tat , and shared a few tears as they talked about parting . 
 tat was the only person she trusted and it was going to be hard to lose him . 
 but maybe they would find a new and better life . 
 at least that was the hope buried deep inside her , as she prepared to launch herself into the world of normal people . 
 people who lived those lives she had n't yet experienced and was a touch jealous of . 
 chapter eleven larinda larinda picked up the phone , biting her lip as she listened to grant make his report . 
 `` we think we have a lead . 
 jemma may even be in texas , but we have n't been able to confirm that yet , '' he said . 
 `` amelia 's contact said there was a vanorn or manorn who took her away in a big car . 
 he heard her telling jemma she wanted to take her to a research center in the state , but he did n't catch a city . 
 we have a number to what might be a cell phone , but it 's been disconnected . 
 the team is looking into it . '' 
 `` jemma ? 
 jemma could be here , somewhere close ? '' 
 larinda could n't hold back the excitement in her voice . 
 `` are you on your way home ? 
 when will we have more information ? 
 what kind of research center ? 
 what does this manorn want with her ? '' 
 `` whoa , boss , we do n't have all the answers yet . 
 we leave seattle in an hour . 
 on our way to the airport right now . 
 do n't know what the woman wanted , and we ca n't be positive it 's your sister , but several of the kids said she looked a lot like the picture of you we showed them . 
 i 've already filled hawke in and he has people looking for someone in the state with those names . 
 we 'll find her . '' 
 `` you and amelia have done great work . 
 hurry back , '' she said , disconnecting the call as hawke walked into the room . 
 `` i have confirmation that a limousine took two women from a luxury hotel on union street in downtown seattle , '' he said . 
 `` the driver did n't know their names , just said one of the doormen made the arrangements . 
 he drove them to a private airfield in vashon . 
 we checked and they do n't have a record of a flight to texas , but it might just mean that was n't their first stop . 
 there were seven planes leaving that day . 
 we 're checking them all . '' 
 `` what about the phone number on the card ? 
 have you had a chance to find out who owned it ? '' 
 `` the paper was in bad shape and three numbers are unreadable . 
 we 're running a program against the variables but it will take a while . 
 once we have all the possible numbers it will take some time to go through them , and we may not find out who it belonged to if it turns out the phone was a burner . '' 
 `` if the woman was on legitimate business , why would she use a throwaway phone ? '' 
 hawke sat on the other side of the desk . 
 `` there are several reasons to use one . 
 she may have needed a local phone number and that was the fastest and cheapest way to get it . 
 or she did n't want the callers , the kids living on the street , to be able to reach her after the job was done . 
 of course , it might also be the business was n't as legitimate as she wanted them to think it was . 
 we wo n't know until we find her and see what she 's up to . '' 
 `` this is driving me insane , '' larinda said , rubbing her fingertips against her temples . 
 `` we got so close , and now we 're back to square one . 
 i need to find my sister , hawke . 
 i ca n't stand this much longer . 
 it 's already been a month since we started the search and i feel like -- i do n't know , like something is going to happen . 
 something bad . '' 
 `` it 's all right . 
 you know from experience that when an investigation stalls the clients always become anxious , and the reality is that this has come together quickly . 
 it 's normal to feel as though bad news is just around the corner , especially with the recent attempts on your life . 
 but it 's not -- we 're going to be sure nothing happens to you , and you 'll be meeting your sister any time now . '' 
 larinda nodded and knuckled the desk to help her stand up . 
 worry and uncertainty had drained her strength , but she was determined to push past it . 
 stepping into the lavatory , she splashed her face with cold water . 
 in the mirror she stared at herself , seeing only the desperation that had set in . 
 hawke was right . 
 she would find jemma soon . 
 she was n't willing to sit back and let others search any longer . 
 pulling the towel from the ring by the sink , she dried her face , took a deep breath , and returned to the office . 
 she had calls to make and people to see . 
 * * * * she looked at the photograph of the two women from the security camera at the private airport . 
 pain of loss and doubt dissipated as if by magic . 
 jemma . 
 she was alive , safe and in dallas . 
 finally . 
 she would be able to meet her sister . 
 larinda knew if anyone noticed her , they would see tears in her eyes , offset by a grateful smile that her sister had been found . 
 she wished she could take someone with her , but she still was n't completely sure who to trust . 
 she had sent declan on a late-night errand to ensure he would n't be available when she was ready to leave . 
 hawke was staying at the training facility in flower mound , so the coast was as clear as she could make it . 
 grabbing her purse , she ran to the elevator , bypassing the lobby and descending to the level where her car waited . 
 the security detail hawke had insisted on might try to stop her from leaving unaccompanied , but she had no intention of waiting another day to reach her goal . 
 she would find her sister and make her family whole . 
 the moment the elevator doors opened , her guard went up . 
 no light showed ; not even an exit sign glowed in the darkness . 
 that was n't right . 
 she considered going back upstairs , but memories of the recent security breach reminded her she was no safer up there . 
 cautiously , she stepped into the cave-black garage . 
 as the head of legacy security , her parking spot was closest to the door . 
 she could find her way by touch . 
 holding her breath , she listened for any out-of-place sound . 
 silence . 
 slipping the longest key between her fingers and holding the key ring tightly against her palm , she moved carefully toward the car . 
 she had n't realized she was holding her breath until she unlocked the car and slid into the driver 's seat , shutting the door behind her . 
 still using only her sense of touch , she guided the key into the ignition , stepped on the brake , and started the motor . 
 as the lights from the car illuminated the empty parking area , she took a deep breath and drove out of the parking tower , into the night . 
 as she pulled out of the garage she saw a man step behind the car , his face lit only by the red brake lights as she slowed to move into the street . 
 a defiant smile twisted his lips before he disappeared from sight . 
 a moment later , a shower of rocks slammed down on the roof of the car with a sound like an explosion . 
 the past collided with the present , drawing a primal scream from larinda 's throat . 
 memories of the long-ago night she 'd lost her parents and sister filled her with terror as the windshield exploded into a web of cracks . 
 she knew where the deadly missiles had come from . 
 rocks , dropped from the sky by harpies flying above the car in the moonless sky . 
 the sound of their deadly cackles and jubilant screeches was like a meat grinder on her shattered nerves . 
 it flashed through her mind that her enemy was insane to take the chance of humans seeing such outrageous activity . 
 a hysterical burst of laughter escaped her . 
 even if the whole drama was unfolding before a stadium-sized audience , what would they do ? 
 humans no longer believed in the mythological creatures of legend and would be too embarrassed and afraid of ridicule to admit they had witnessed anything as ludicrous as the rain of rocks . 
 she almost missed the intersection light turning red . 
 at the last minute , she jammed on the brakes . 
 her purse slid across the passenger seat and onto the floor . 
 realizing the intersection was empty , she moved her foot back to the gas and accelerated in a futile effort to outdistance her tormentors , trying to think what to do . 
 if she stopped , they would fly down and tear the roof right off the car to get to her . 
 and if she kept driving , they would rain rocks down on the windshield until she crashed the car , and then they 'd come for her . 
 i should have listened to hawke , she thought . 
 trusted him . 
 tears slid down her cheeks . 
 rocks pelted the roof . 
 harder . 
 louder . 
 harpies dove at her , shades of darkness against the shattered windshield . 
 a shadow crossed her vision . 
 she swung the steering wheel left . 
 piercing screeches from the left . 
 she overcorrected to the right . 
 inside she knew it was foolish . 
 hit them . 
 kill them . 
 in her mind the voice of the child she had been whispered in fear . 
 `` what if they kill me ? '' 
 hawke . 
 she did n't know if she thought it or screamed it , nor did it matter . 
 hawke would know what to do . 
 he would come . 
 save her . 
 shaking , she pushed the control button on the wheel to connect to the emergency assistance service . 
 silence . 
 she pressed the button again . 
 nothing . 
 as she approached the intersection to the overpass that connected central and stemmons freeway , she scanned the street for other cars and eased her foot off the gas . 
 slowing , she bent over and tried to search for her purse without looking down . 
 running up a curb forced her to look ahead just as a small caravan of cars crossed in front of her . 
 the barrage of stones stopped . 
 praying the monsters had soared out of sight , she followed the vehicles up onto the overpass that led to stemmons . 
 staying close to the knot of vehicles , she traveled northward toward the training facility in flower mound , where there were others who knew the dangers of stopping the car and trying to run . 
 who knew how to handle valens rogues . . 
 she could feel the harpies were still there . 
 waiting . 
 following . 
 ready to strike when she was out of the sight of other drivers . 
 still , the silence enticed her to duck down once more and try to retrieve the bag from the floor . 
 as the car shot forward at eighty miles per hour , she felt the leather on the tips of her fingers , but straining to reach the bag only ended in failure . 
 the blare of a horn made her pop up , steering the car back into its lane . 
 she wrenched the steering wheel to the left ... sending up a prayer , she missed the car beside her by less than an inch . 
 she slammed on the brake and felt the seatbelt 's stranglehold as it stopped her slide forward . 
 a semi-truck blasted past her on the right , its basso-horn blasting as she pulled onto the median and stopped . 
 she tore her shaking hands off the steering wheel and clutched her stomach . 
 she bent over and swiped her purse from the floor , then eased back onto the freeway . 
 she knew the sense of relief was premature , but approaching lbj freeway meant she was two-thirds of the way to the training facility where help would be available . 
 setting her bag on the passenger seat , she dug through the contents but was unable to locate the cell . 
 tears welled up in her eyes . 
 the rain of rocks began again . 
 she was alone . 
 no cars or trucks visible in any direction . 
 she barely felt the impact of the stone that broke through the windshield directly in front of her . 
 * * * * hawke ran to the car , slid into the seat and slammed the gears into drive . 
 when it roared to life he depressed the foot pedal until there was nowhere left for it to move . 
 had he been able to care , he would have been thankful there were no pedestrians or other cars on the road as he roared down the dark street and up onto the highway . 
 long minutes later he saw the flashing lights of the police and rescue vehicles . 
 he stomped hard on the brake , and the car slid to a stop . 
 throwing the door open , he jumped out and ran to the back of the ambulance . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the emt shouted , bringing his hand up to hawke 's chest and pushing him back . 
 hawke lashed out at the man and struggled to get by , only to find two police officers wrestling him back . 
 `` she 's beyond help , man , '' one of the officers said . 
 `` there 's nothing you can do for her . '' 
 as the man 's words sank in , hawke 's knees wobbled and he found himself sitting in the center of the freeway surrounded by flashing lights , firemen and police officers who stared at him with the dead-eyed stare reserved for the families of victims . 
 `` larinda , '' he bellowed , sobs shattering his lungs , racking through his chest . 
 larinda , he shouted from his soul , praying she would hear him . 
 i promise . 
 jemma will be safe . 
 i wo n't fail her like i have you and your family . 
 safe , even if i have to die to protect her . 
 chapter twelve jemma she had never been on an airplane before , and van horn had taken seats in first class . 
 they were in aisle seats across from each other , and jemma was afraid she was going to act like a fool , since she did n't know the `` rules '' of being a first class passenger . 
 jemma studied the others around her , and realized they just acted like everything offered was because they deserved it . 
 some were very nice to the women passing out hot towels , food and drink ; others were the same donkey butts she 'd run into all her life . 
 the men and women who thought they were better than anyone else . 
 the uniformed women -- she was afraid to ask what they were really called because she did n't want to appear stupid -- just smiled and pretended the arrogants were just as pleasant as everyone else . 
 a job jemma recognized as something she would n't like to do . 
 ms. van horn had offered to make her a coordinator . 
 this position , if she understood correctly , was helping with testing others and making new candidates comfortable when they came in for the initial round of tests . 
 and they even had an apartment for her that she could have in her own name , when she had made enough to begin paying rent . 
 astrid said one of the goals was to make the candidates , as she called everyone , independent and able to move on when their term in the testing program ended . 
 ms. van horn said that the apartment furniture was rented , but that as jemma found things she wanted they would return them to the rental company . 
 that way she could take her time and get what she really wanted . 
 jemma was most excited about that . 
 the one thing she had learned in her different jobs that she really enjoyed was how to refinish furniture . 
 she had worked for a couple of guys once in a while to cover the seats of chairs or couch cushions , when they had a job they needed extra help on . 
 she 'd even recovered some things people were throwing away , and remade them well enough to get them into some of the shops that resold furniture . 
 that had really helped when she could n't find an odd job . 
 maybe she would be able to furnish her own place with some finds . 
 the ` ping ' that signaled the captain had turned on the seatbelt sign , followed by the announcement that they had begun the descent into the dallas airport , spurred her to move into the empty window seat beside her and stare down at the landscape below . 
 they passed over a lake , houses , and office buildings . 
 she could see a highway wending its way to the west just before the runway appeared under the plane . 
 jemma 's heart pounded and she closed her eyes as the plane settled on the ground . 
 she was afraid . 
 afraid she had made a mistake . 
 afraid she was n't capable of doing what she had committed to do . 
 afraid she would never find out about her family . 
 as the door opened and astrid motioned her to step into the aisle , she forced her legs to hold her up and her feet to move forward . 
 she had started over many times and handled the challenges . 
 she was determined to do the same again . 
 valens rise , book two chapter one first week in november jemma slipped the hood of her jacket over her hair and crept onto the night-darkened porch . 
 the man pursuing her stepped under the streetlight directly across from her . 
 a leer twisted his lips . '' 
 she 's here , '' he called back to the dna-altered snakes following him . 
 he ran toward her , and adrenaline surged through her . 
 fear pumped her heart . 
 she barely slipped past as the man reached out to grab her . 
 he missed , and she pulled her arm close to her body and out of his way . 
 she dodged the white-faced reptiles and tore around the corner into a long , dark alley , stopping when she realized the buildings created a dead end . 
 her pursuer , whom she knew as gilbert , followed , but he stumbled and fell before he could catch her . 
 slithering through the dark night , an engineered reptile rushed to reach the downed prey . 
 other creatures slid from the shadows to join the first , and together they glided up onto gilbert 's chest , bit his face and neck the man twisted in pain , his mouth open to scream a sound he was unable to release . 
 jemma visualized the venom traveling through his body as his muscles contracted , forcing his arms and legs into unnatural positions . 
 the creatures studied gilbert 's tortured thrashing with the intensity of children observing a pinned bug and then glided away . 
 jemma shuddered when the man 's lungs no longer pumped the in-and-out rush of air , the poison stealing his breath . 
 she watched in horror as foam bubbled from his nose and mouth . 
 finally his eyes turned glassine , and he stared sightlessly into the night . 
 searching for an escape , she found her former teacher staring at her from the open end of the alley , a grin of pleasure scrawled across his face as his pets skulked by and the man died . 
 valens rise and valens requested available at amazon thank you for i hope you enjoyed reading valens remembered as much as i enjoyed researching the mythological creatures , and writing this and the other books in the valens of legacy series . 
 it is always appreciated when the readers let me know what they think by doing an honest review on the site where they bought the book . 
 it helps others to decide if they might like the stories and gives me information to help me increase my skills as a writer . 
 want to know more ? 
 visit my website and blog at : http://sherrellee.com/ follow me on twitter : @gryphoenix send questions or comments to my email : sherrel@sherrellee.com the valens of legacy series valens remembered/valens rescued valens rise valens revenge bottom of form about the author as the author of the valens of legacy series and daughter of an emmy-winning cameraman , sherrel learned early in life the dark secrets of creating all those incredible fantasy characters for the large and small screen . 
 refusing to be crushed at the discovery that the monsters , aliens and robby the robot were n't real , sherrel 's imagination soared . 
 she became a self-proclaimed connoisseur of special-effects and expert at fictional character creation . 
 this love of alternate worlds and possibilities led her to read , watch , and explore myth , legend , lore and the possibilities they offer . 
