 zombie city : episode 1 by m.f. soriano copyright 2013 m.f. soriano all rights reserved . 
 smashwords edition cover photo by gianluca ramalho misiti author contact : mf.soriano@yahoo.com for scott mackell . 
 chapter 1 it was 3:37 a.m. on saturday , and shane was running late . 
 `` shit , '' he said , looking down at his watch . 
 he paused his pedaling in order to tuck the watch back into his left front pocket . 
 and then he took hold of the handlebars with both hands again , putting a little more force into each push of his legs . 
 the streets were empty at this hour . 
 the road stretched ahead of him , lined with parked cars , punctuated by streetlights . 
 the only sound he could hear was the rhythmic squeaking of his bike chain . 
 he listened to the chain for a moment , frowning . 
 `` gon na have to replace that chain , '' he said . 
 he looked up at the sky . 
 the fog was a thick blanket blocking the stars , the moon just a blur of light . 
 `` next paycheck , '' he said , thinking of the chain . 
 at folsom he turned left , drifted over into the bike lane . 
 the wet , misty air clung to his face , cold against his cheeks , but he did n't mind . 
 it distracted him from the throbbing pain in his head , the nagging , sick feeling in his stomach . 
 as hangovers went , it was n't a bad one . 
 he 'd had enough hangovers , especially in the past few years , to learn to deal with them . 
 still , starting the work week feeling shitty was never ideal . 
 he pulled in a deep lungful of air , coughed it back out . 
 he pulled in another . 
 after a few blocks a thin patch in the fog revealed the moon . 
 it hung in the sky , round and bright , like a clean plate at the bottom of a scummy sink . 
 shane glanced up at it , still pedaling , and sighed . 
 `` be 30 next month , '' he said . 
 `` and what do i have to show for it ? '' 
 honey guts , he thought . 
 fucking honey guts . 
 he frowned . 
 looked at the road ahead of him . 
 honey guts , the unfinished poetry collection gathering dust on the desk in his shitty studio flat . 
 it was supposed to be his offering to the world , his best efforts distilled into something better than himself . 
 it was supposed to be a work of art , like the beat poetry that had changed his life when he 'd first come across it at age eighteen . 
 back when he 'd decided to come to san francisco , in the first place . 
 that had been almost a dozen years ago . 
 and now , he realized with alarm , he could n't even remember the last time he 'd sat down to write . 
 shane guided the bike with his left hand on the handlebars , letting his right hand drop down to rest on his right thigh . 
 his right hand pushed down firmly with each stroke of that foot on the pedal , trying to squeeze a little more force into his pedaling . 
 `` how old was ginsberg when he moved to san francisco ? '' 
 shane wondered aloud . 
 `` how old was he when he finished howl ? 
 and what about ferlinghetti ? 
 he wrote his best stuff here , did n't he ? '' 
 there was no one there to answer his questions . 
 no sound except for that squeaking chain . 
 shane frowned again . 
 `` of course , when ginsberg and ferlinghetti moved here , there were n't any tech-worker hipsters driving up the goddamn rent . 
 ginsberg and ferlinghetti did n't even have to work . 
 they lived like monks , writing and drinking wine all day . '' 
 at 13th street he swung right , taking the turn wide , letting his bike drift out into the middle of the car lane . 
 13th street ran beneath the elevated central freeway . 
 he glanced up at the blue metal girders that held the freeway up , tasting the metal in the moisture-thickened air . 
 the sides of 13th were lined with parked vehicles -- including a good number of rvs and camper vans -- packed in so there was hardly room to walk between the bumpers . 
 and the sidewalks were occupied by tents and cardboard boxes and other improvised shelters for the homeless . 
 shane held to the center of the lane , reached forward to grip the handlebars with both hands . 
 he watched the sides of the street , just in case someone darted out at him . 
 but everything was dead still , the lonely squeaking of his bike chain the only sound . 
 a thought came to him : `` all of it , all my time and energy , goes toward making rent . 
 nothing left for honey guts . 
 i came here to write , but living in the city is keeping me from writing . '' 
 he 'd had the thought before . 
 but being on an empty street at nearly four in the morning -- at the start of another work week , with nothing to show for the days off except a hangover -- it gave the thought weight . 
 made it seem like a revelation . 
 `` i 'm almost thirty , '' he said to himself . 
 `` i need to get out of san francisco . '' 
 a red light loomed ahead of him : the traffic signal at harrison street . 
 shane looked left and right , then blew through the intersection without stopping . 
 half a block later a siren split the silence . 
 shane looked over his shoulder , saw a cop car coming up fast behind him , its roof lights whirling . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he said . 
 he looked around quickly , thought of making a run for it . 
 but his head was throbbing and his stomach still felt queasy . 
 he was in no shape to run . 
 shane squeezed the brakes , pulled over to the edge of the road . 
 the cop car roared past , siren screaming . 
 he flinched , leaned away from the gust of wind shoved at him by the speeding car . 
 it whipped left on 11th street , taking the corner so fast he could hear its tires squealing above the siren . 
 the siren faded into the distance in less than a minute , leaving the street dead still once again . 
 but a jittery energy coursed through shane 's arms and legs now . 
 despite the cool air , he suddenly felt clammy hot . 
 a drop of sweat rolled over the side of his ribcage , beneath his flannel . 
 `` shit , '' he said again . 
 he took a deep breath , lifted his left foot back onto the bike pedal . 
 and then he glanced over to the sidewalk , and saw something that made him forget the cop car -- and the squeaking chain and honey guts -- all together . 
 there was a rolled up carpet there , near a pylon supporting the freeway overhead . 
 and sticking out of the bottom of the carpet roll were a pair of legs . 
 shane stared at the legs , his mind blank . 
 the traffic signal up ahead -- for the intersection the cop car had just ran through -- switched lights with a click , and the street was so quiet that he heard it clearly . 
 he shook himself a little , blinked his eyes . 
 he looked back at the legs . 
 they were dressed in slacks , a pair of polished-leather shoes covering the feet . 
 if it was n't for the fresh shine on those shoes , he probably would have assumed the legs belonged to a bum . 
 plenty of homeless people camped on these sidewalks , seeking the shelter of the overhead freeway . 
 they slept in tents and cardboard boxes to stay warm . 
 `` but no bum shine 's his shoes , '' shane said quietly . 
 the thought of homeless people made shane realize something else . 
 the bums on this part of 13th normally gathered even more thickly near the freeway pylons . 
 but this pylon , except for the legs in the rolled up carpet , was deserted . 
 shane leaned over the trunk of the car he 'd stopped next to , leaned over to look at the sidewalk . 
 he could see scraps of trash , even a few pieces of flattened cardboard that looked like they 'd served as someone 's mattress not long ago . 
 but the only figure in the area was the man rolled up in the carpet . 
 `` i do n't have time for this , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'm already running late for work . '' 
 and yet he found himself lifting his left foot off the pedal , swinging that leg over to stand beside the bike . 
 he squeezed between the rear bumper of the car and the front bumper of the van behind it , dragging the bike to the sidewalk . 
 he laid the bike down on the sidewalk , took a step toward the carpet . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` hey ! 
 are you alright ? 
 do you need help ? '' 
 there was no response . 
 shane crouched down beside the carpet , near the end opposite the feet . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he said again , aiming the words at the opening in the roll . 
 he saw that the carpet was sodden , soaked with a dark liquid on this side . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 no response . 
 shane looked up the sidewalk in both directions . 
 he got to his feet and looked up the street where the police car had gone . 
 the street was dead . 
 `` never there when you actually need them , '' he said . 
 `` fucking cops . '' 
 he crouched back down . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he said , shaking the carpet roll . 
 when that got no response , he gave it a good shove . 
 the carpet rocked toward the pylon and then rebounded , rolling toward him . 
 shane stood and stepped back quickly . 
 and then he heard a low moan , muffled by the carpet , coming from the rolled up figure inside . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shane shouted at the opening in the carpet . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 the figure moaned again . 
 shane put both his hands against the rough carpet backing and started rolling the carpet away from the pylon . 
 it took three turns , the polished shoes flopping as they rotated , and then the carpet rolled open . 
 the man inside came to a rest facedown on the concrete . 
 his hair was greasy and dirty , bits of debris in it . 
 his arms and legs were limp . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 shane asked , hovering over the man but hesitant to touch him . 
 the man moaned again , and shane took hold of his shoulder , turning him . 
 the man flopped over onto his back . 
 `` aw , shit , '' shane said , stepping back . 
 `` you stink like a damn brewery . '' 
 he waved a hand in front of his face . 
 the man moaned again . 
 the front of his suit was coated with crusted red vomit . 
 dried blood had clotted in the stubble under his nose . 
 his eyes were squeezed shut , dark bags under them as though he 'd been on a bender . 
 `` so i 'm gon na be late for work ` cause you ca n't handle your liquor , '' shane said . 
 `` why ca n't you crash in your own flat , like every other drunk yuppie ? '' 
 and then the man opened his eyes , and shane 's words caught in his throat . 
 the whites of the man 's eyes were so bloodshot they looked angry red . 
 they looked as if they 'd been scrubbed raw with sand . 
 and the man 's gaze looked so glazed and dull that shane could see no sign of active thought behind them . 
 he looked like he was asleep with his eyes open . 
 asleep , or dead . 
 `` fuck , man , '' shane said , stepping back . 
 `` you need to get your shit sorted out . 
 rehab , or something . '' 
 abruptly , the man rolled toward shane , his hand reaching out . 
 `` take it easy , '' shane said , stepping back . 
 the man lurched up onto his hands and knees , crawling toward shane . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he took another step back , and bumped into something hard . 
 he turned his head , saw he 'd backed into a parked car . 
 and then he felt something gripping his leg , tight around his ankle . 
 he looked down , trying to pull his leg free . 
 the man had him , and his grip held fast , despite shane 's attempt to pull his leg back . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 shane said , getting angry again . 
 he felt the man pulling his ankle , drawing it toward him . 
 he saw the man 's mouth open , teeth bared . 
 `` what the fuck ! '' 
 shane said , jerking his leg back again forcefully . 
 the man dropped onto his chest , but still he held fast . 
 and now his other hand came forward , reaching for the same ankle . 
 shane 's irritation flared into anger . 
 before he could think of what he was doing , his own hands came down , shoving the man 's face into the sidewalk with a crack . 
 the hand holding his ankle went slack . 
 shane hopped back , suddenly horrified . 
 `` i 'm sorry , man , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 the man lifted his head up to look at shane . 
 his lip had split like a cat 's , his front teeth were broken , awash with running blood . 
 but his eyes were just as dead as they 'd ever been . 
 `` fuck this , '' shane said , backing away . 
 he snatched up his bike , squeezing between the bumpers of the car and the van , desperate to get back to the street . 
 as soon as he 'd passed through , he threw his left leg over the bike , nearly losing his balance in the process . 
 out of the corner of his eye he saw the man rising to his feet on the far side of the car . 
 shane lifted his foot toward the pedal , hopping on one leg , almost losing his balance again . 
 the man lurched toward the gap between the car and van , and shane put all of his weight onto the left pedal , lifting himself off the ground as the bike rolled forward . 
 he dropped his right foot onto the other pedal , started cranking as fast as he could . 
 behind him came a moan , low and throaty and long , loud in the otherwise silent night . 
 shane looked back over his shoulder , pedaling hard , and saw the dark figure of the man following him , stumbling up the middle of the street . 
 chapter 2 shane kept up his sprint , standing up and pedaling furiously , until he got to townson street . 
 at townson he pulled up onto the sidewalk on the left side of the street , letting the bike coast until it slowed to walking speed . 
 he hopped off the bike and started walking , breathing deep and trying to calm himself down . 
 an image of the drunk yuppie 's eyes was in shane 's head , bloodshot and lifeless . 
 he looked around , trying to force the image out . 
 although it was only a few minutes from the homeless-occupied sidewalks of 13th , townson was a world away in terms of niceness . 
 the city had put a huge amount of money into renovating the first few blocks of the street , widening the sidewalks , repaving the road , even putting in a few trees and benches . 
 it was part of the city 's bid to court new tech start-ups , and coupled with the tax breaks the city had offered to such companies , the bid had been pretty successful . 
 the large , red-brick buildings that lined the first few blocks of townson now sported flashy signs for companies that had n't even existed a few years ago . 
 zappow ! 
 , where shane worked , was one of those companies . 
 it occupied the first building on the street , which it had decorated with a gigantic version of the zappow ! 
 company logo : a neon pink silhouette of a fluffy kitten , standing on its hind legs , holding an uzi in each hand . 
 the logo and company name were repeated , in smaller form , on the double smoked-glass doors of the entrance . 
 shane did n't bother to look as he passed . 
 he hurried to the end of the building and ducked into a dead-end alley there . 
 ten feet down the alley was a plain metal door . 
 shane fumbled in his pocket for his keycard and dipped the card into the slot beside the door . 
 the lock whirred , and shane jerked the door open . 
 he grabbed his bike and hurried down a short , bare-walled hallway , using his keycard again to get into the first door on the left . 
 a motion sensor switched the lights on , revealing a small room crowded with a large table and chairs and a row of lockers across the back wall . 
 shane leaned his bike against the table and hurried to the back of the room , where the time clock sat on another , smaller table beside a little microwave . 
 he snatched his paper timecard from the wall holder and jammed it into the machine , letting out a breath as the machine clunked his start-time for the day . 
 he held the card up in the fluorescent light . 
 `` four o ' seven , '' he said . 
 `` more than five minutes late . 
 probably get called by the boss on monday , for that . '' 
 he dropped his timecard back into its slot in the wall-holder . 
 then , on a whim , he lifted another card out of its slot and looked at it . 
 `` terrance jones . 
 four a.m. on the dot , every day for the past four days . '' 
 shane shook his head , irked . 
 he often worked the same shift as terrance , and he 'd never seen his co-worker anytime before five in the morning . 
 `` how does he do it ? '' 
 no time to wonder about it now . 
 the kitchen needed to be cleaned before the cook got there at six , and since terrance was never around to help him , shane had to do it all on his own . 
 to make matters worse , today he was running late . 
 the image of the drunk yuppie 's dead eyes burned in shane 's brain again . 
 he shook his head , forcing his mind back to the work he needed to do . 
 he went to his locker , spun the code into the padlock , and jerked it open . 
 he kicked off his sneakers , reaching for a pair of coveralls hanging inside the locker . 
 he pulled the coveralls on over his jeans , slipped his arms into the sleeves without taking off his flannel , zipped up the long zipper in the front . 
 he jammed his feet into his steel-toe work boots , tied up the laces . 
 he grabbed a pair of rubber gloves , folded them together and shoved them into his left front pocket . 
 the last piece of gear was the key ring . 
 zappow ! 
 prided itself on being a state-of-the-art , cutting-edge tech start-up . 
 but when it came to the cleaning staff , it was strictly old school : paper timecards , a clunky time clock , and the key ring . 
 there was a key for every janitor 's closet on every floor , and in every bathroom , and for every padlock that secured something the cleaners had to use , like the trash compactor or the dumpsters in the basement . 
 there were so many keys that the spring in the retractable keychain could n't cope with the weight , leaving the keys to dangle from half a foot of chain hanging out of the coil housing . 
 shane picked the key ring off the locker 's top shelf , slipped it through the pocket slit on the coverall 's right side , and clipped it to the belt loop on his hip . 
 a fat wad of keys , hanging at his thigh . 
 `` like a fucking ball and chain , '' shane muttered , and sighed . 
 he thought of the bike ride to work that morning , before he 'd found the dead-eyed yuppie . 
 he thought of the squeaking chain and the moon behind the blanket of fog , of kerouac and ferlinghetti . 
 he thought of honey guts , still unfinished , and of how he was turning thirty next month . 
 `` i 'll give two weeks on monday , when the boss is here , '' he said to the empty room . 
 `` i 'll save every cent i earn before my last day , wo n't even buy beer . 
 and then i 'll get the fuck out of san francisco , go back to arcata , crash on couches , and write . 
 i 'll fucking finish honey guts before i 'm thirty one . '' 
 he nodded his head , feeling better than he 'd felt in a long time . 
 more focused . 
 stronger . 
 he walked back out the door of the room and turned left down the hallway , came to the door to the zappow ! 
 lobby . 
 even as he came near the door , shane could hear the noise coming from the room beyond : a nonstop , blaring mix of the most up-to-the-moment popular music , an incongruous blend of heavily-produced club rap , emotionally-overwrought alternative rock , and jangling pseudo folk . 
 he took hold of the door handle and felt it pulsing with vibrations from the music . 
 he opened the door and walked through . 
 on the other side of the door was the zappow ! 
 lobby . 
 smoked glass and stainless steel everywhere . 
 enlarged cutouts of cartoon animals holding semi-automatic weapons -- various characters from zappow ! 
 games -- scattered around like a disorganized mob . 
 a circular front desk in the center of the room with a truly enormous video screen hanging from the ceiling above it . 
 shane glanced up at the screen , hardly paying attention at first , intent on getting where he was going . 
 but a half second later something clicked in his head . 
 he stopped walking , raised his eyes , and stared . 
 there was none of the whirling motion , the frenetic jerky movements , of the zappow ! 
 first-person shooters . 
 there was none of the cartoon-ish , god 's - view panoramas of the zappow ! 
 strategy games . 
 instead there was a single static image . 
 the stillness of it , in a place where shane was accustomed to seeing frantic motion , made it all the more forceful . 
 it was a close-up on a man 's eyes , bloodshot and intense . 
 chapter 3 the image of the dead-eyed yuppie slammed its way to the front of shane 's mind . 
 the resolve he 'd felt just a moment ago seemed to vanish , and the nausea in his stomach came seeping back . 
 but it was n't the yuppie 's eyes up on the screen . 
 it was an illustration . 
 an exceptionally vivid illustration , but an illustration nonetheless . 
 below the eyes there was a word , `` voodoo , '' written in a font that looked like dripping blood . 
 `` voodoo , '' shane said , getting a grip on himself . 
 `` what the fuck is that ? '' 
 he looked up at the glaring eyes for a few more seconds , wondering . 
 and then a flash of anger took hold of him , irritation at being so easily rattled , at being stopped in his tracks by an overdone drawing . 
 he was already running late . 
 he had to get the kitchen clean in less than two hours . 
 shane dropped his eyes from the screen , resumed his passage across the room . 
 at the far side of the lobby , a tunnel passed through the wall . 
 the tunnel was about eight feet tall and ten yards long , lit inside with pink neon rings . 
 except for the obnoxious color , it looked like something out of star wars . 
 shane walked through the tunnel and into the main area of the building , a cavernous space that had probably been some sort of factory before zappow ! 
 got the lease and started its renovations . 
 now , with the main overhead lights shut off for the night and the only illumination coming from the sparse emergency bulbs , it felt sort of like a massive canyon . 
 the ceiling soared five stories above the ground level , and each story had its own floor , a wide platform running along the rear and side walls , behind a guardrail . 
 the ground floor , where he stood , was an open area primarily used for press events and zappow ! 
 employee meetings . 
 another giant screen hung from the wall on the left , at the back of a low stage faced by several rows of chairs . 
 shane glanced to that screen now , saw the same glaring eyes he 'd seen on the screen in the lobby -- though the eyes here were superimposed on a zappow ! 
 pink background , and the words `` zappow ! 
 welcomes voodoo , the next level in energy drinks ! '' 
 showed in that same blood-splatter font . 
 the rest of the ground floor had been laid out as a conference area , with expensive rolling chairs surrounding large tables , the walls lined with couches . 
 dozens of empty tallboy cans , painted the same blood-red of the voodoo words , littered the tables . 
 dozens more overflowed from the numerous trash bins . 
 shane strode across the room , picking up an empty voodoo can on the way . 
 he lifted the can near his face , trying to get a good view in the dim light . 
 the blood-splatter `` voodoo '' at the top , the glaring eyes below , and at the bottom a slogan : `` it 's black magic ! '' 
 he turned the can in his hand , read the spiel printed next to the nutrition label on the back . 
 `` voodoo is the next level in energy drinks , '' the words said . 
 `` a proprietary blend of taurine , ginseng , caffeine , acai , and the sacred herb mucuna -- traditionally used by voodoo priests to enhance concentration and focus . 
 drink it , and feel the magic ! '' 
 `` all this shit tastes like cat piss to me , '' shane muttered , tossing the can in a wastebasket near the end of another table . 
 he dropped down the stairwell at the back of the room , pulling on his rubber gloves , heading for the cafeteria and the kitchen in the basement . 
 it looked as bad as he 'd ever seen it : the kitchen destroyed -- flour on the walls , sauce dried to crust on the counters and floors , the sink brimming with dirty dishes -- and the cafeteria in a similar state to the conference area on the ground floor , with every table covered by empty cans of voodoo . 
 shane surveyed the mess , letting irritation harden his resolve . 
 `` two weeks , '' he said . 
 `` two weeks , saving every penny . '' 
 and then he threw himself into the work with a vengeance . 
 for an hour and a half he mopped floors , scrubbed counters , and washed dishes . 
 he cleared and wiped down tables , cleaned out the microwave , sprayed every surface with sanitizer . 
 he emptied the trash cans into a cart , replaced the bin bags , took the full bags to the compactor . 
 he did all of it at a frenzied pace , focused on the task , mind empty of everything else . 
 by the time he was dropping the last floor mat into place in the kitchen , he was breathing hard , his arms and shoulders tired , his back sore , his hair wet with sweat . 
 he felt his blood running , felt wired from the manic pace . 
 shane wiped the sweat off his forehead with the back of his arm , and took the steps back up to the ground floor two at a time . 
 it looked exactly the same as it had looked an hour and a half ago -- the tables littered with red cans , the trash bins overflowing , the chairs dragged here and there instead of being pushed back into place . 
 exactly the same . 
 not a single thing had been done . 
 `` where the fuck is terrance ? '' 
 shane growled to himself . 
 his frenzied rush through the kitchen cleaning had managed to make up some lost time , but there was still a lot of work to do . 
 if terrance did n't show up , he 'd have to bust his ass all day , and skip lunch and all his breaks , just to do a minimal cleaning of the rest of the building . 
 `` fuck , '' he said , striding across the room , using his agitation to quicken his steps . 
 he passed through the tunnel , crossed the lobby , opened the door to the hall with a key from the key ring , and went back to the cleaning staff lounge . 
 the lights flickered on as he entered the room . 
 everything looked untouched since he 'd clocked in almost two hours ago . 
 he glanced at the phone mounted on the wall by the time clock table , saw that its message light was n't blinking . 
 terrance had n't called in sick , then . 
 he went to the timecards , and pulled terrance 's card from the rack . 
 he looked at the card , and for a moment the room seemed to spin around him . 
 terrance 's card showed a start time for today : four a.m. , on the dot . 
 `` but i was here , '' shane mumbled , `` and he had n't clocked in yet . '' 
 another sudden flood of rage took hold of shane , and it was all he could do to keep from crushing the timecard into a ball . 
 instead , he threw it across the room with all of his might . 
 the card flew a half dozen feet , and then flipped and tumbled to the floor beside the table . 
 `` what the fuck ! '' 
 shane shouted . 
 for a moment he looked around , desperate to get his hands on something he could break . 
 he looked at the phone , he looked at the time clock . 
 he gritted his teeth and clenched his hands to fists and squeezed so hard that his whole body started to shake . 
 `` this fucking wage-slave job is going to drive me crazy ! '' 
 he hissed through his clenched teeth . 
 a wave of heat washed over him , and then faded , taking most of the rage with it . 
 he closed his eyes , pulled in a few deep breaths , relaxed his hands , let his arms hang heavy at his sides . 
 `` maybe i should walk out right now , '' he murmured , eyes closed . 
 but the thought of his nearly-empty bank account came to him . 
 `` two weeks , '' he said , `` saving every fucking penny . '' 
 he walked over to terrance 's time card , bent down to pick it up . 
 and froze with his hand just a few inches away . 
 the card had fallen face down , and on its back side was a red fingerprint . 
 he picked the card up , puzzled . 
 he brushed his thumb over the fingerprint , smearing it . 
 it was blood . 
 and it was fresh . 
 chapter 4 shane wiped his thumb on the leg of his coveralls , cleaning off the blood . 
 then he looked over at terrance 's locker . 
 it looked normal from where he was , but when he got closer he saw that the lock had blood on it , too . 
 `` what the fuck is going on ? '' 
 he muttered to himself . 
 he dropped terrance 's time card back into its slot on the rack . 
 then he pulled the rubber gloves from his pocket and slipped them on . 
 he reached for the lock , took hold of it , tried to pull it open . 
 the lock did n't budge , but the blood smeared onto the fingers of his gloves , vivid red against the bright yellow . 
 shane looked around the room again . 
 everything looked normal . 
 he walked around the table to the door , reached for the door handle . 
 and saw that the handle had blood on it too . 
 a little glimmer of feeling was coming to life in shane 's stomach , where the nausea had been . 
 but this was n't nausea , or anything as familiar as that . 
 it was worry . 
 shane took hold of the door handle , jerked the door open . 
 he stuck his head into the hallway and looked both directions , giving it more attention than he had on his angry march through a minute ago . 
 the white walls and linoleum were glaringly bright under the fluorescent lights . 
 on the floor , just in front of the doorway , there was a drop of blood . 
 it was perfectly round and brilliantly red , so bright it almost seemed to glow . 
 there was another drop of blood a few feet down the hall , toward the zappow ! 
 lobby . 
 a few feet past that , a pair of drops -- little twin points of red . 
 and the handle on the lobby door was likewise touched with blood . 
 shane opened the door cautiously , looked into the lobby . 
 the cartoon cutouts faced the front door , the voodoo eyes glared down from the screen . 
 but there was no sign of terrance or anybody else , and the carpet was too dark to show blood traces . 
 he stepped into the lobby , nerves tingling . 
 he walked to the circular reception desk , leaned over it to see if anyone was hiding there . 
 nobody was . 
 he walked through the tunnel and into the main floor area . 
 the tables were still littered with red voodoo cans . 
 the chairs were still pulled here and there , disorganized . 
 `` i 'd have seen him if he went to the cafeteria , '' shane said to himself . 
 he walked to the elevator , at the right side of the room . 
 there was a smear of blood on the call button . 
 he pressed the button , part of his mind fascinated by the way the button light illuminated the blood smeared over it , making the red glow . 
 the elevator dinged , the doors opened . 
 shane stepped inside , turned to look at the buttons for the floors . 
 a smear of blood marked the button for the fifth floor , at the very top of the building . 
 `` bingo , '' shane murmured . 
 he pressed the button , stepped back from the doors . 
 the elevator went up , fast and smooth . 
 it gave a cheery ding when it reached the fifth floor . 
 the doors opened , and there was terrance . 
 in the dim emergency lights of the building , he looked almost like a silhouette , a dark-skinned figure laid atop a white leather couch to the right of the elevator doors . 
 his work boots were propped up on one of the couch 's armrests . 
 his right arm was draped over his eyes . 
 his left arm dangled off the side of the couch , hand hanging just above the floor . 
 the sleeve on that arm had been pushed back above his elbow , revealing a tattoo of a pitbull 's head with the words `` oaktown dogg pound '' written beneath it . 
 and below the tattoo , wrapped around his forearm and held in place with duct tape , was a dark-colored towel . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 shane said , hurrying toward the couch . 
 `` hey terrance , are you alright ? '' 
 terrance let out a groan , moved his right arm slightly to glance at shane with one eye . 
 `` shane , bro , '' he said quietly . 
 `` crazy shane . '' 
 and then he winced , let his arm move back into place , covering both eyes . 
 `` terrance , what happened ? '' 
 terrance shook his head , eyes still covered . 
 he rolled onto his side , facing the back of the couch . 
 his left arm brushed against the couch 's white leather , leaving a dark-colored streak . 
 blood . 
 lots of blood . 
 so much that it made the sodden towel wrapped around terrance 's forearm look burgundy , though shane recognized it as a cleaning rag , and cleaning rags came white . 
 terrance let out another groan , wedged his face into the place where the back of the couch met the seat cushions . 
 shane reached out , put his hand on his co-worker 's shoulder , gave him a gentle shake . 
 he could feel heat coming through the fabric of the coveralls . 
 terrance was burning up . 
 `` you look like shit , man . 
 we need to get you to a hospital . '' 
 terrence shook his head , face still hidden in the couch cushions . 
 `` come on , man . 
 you need a doctor . '' 
 he waited a moment , and then shook terrance again . 
 insistently . 
 terrence shifted , pushed himself up with his right hand . 
 he swung his feet to the floor , bringing his hands to his face . 
 `` i 'm cool , man , '' he said , face still in his hands . 
 `` i 'm cool . 
 do n't need no doctor . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 you 're burning up , and you 're bleeding all over the place . '' 
 `` naw , ai n't nuthin ' . 
 had a scrap with some crazy whiteboy outside . 
 fucker came at me in the alley , bit me an everything . 
 but i busted his ass good . '' 
 a thought flashed into shane 's head . 
 `` was he a yuppie dude ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` in a suit ? '' 
 `` naw . 
 fuckin ' hipster whiteboy . 
 wearing a hoodie and those bitch-ass tight , high-water pants . 
 probably worked in this fucking building , fuckin ' zappow ! 
 drone . '' 
 shane let out a breath . 
 not the same guy he 'd seen on 13th . 
 `` he bit you ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yeah , man ! '' 
 terrance dropped his hands from his face , tugged the duct tape loose from the rag . 
 he unrolled the rag , showing a crescent-shaped wound , still oozing blood . 
 `` you 're probably gon na need stitches for that , '' shane said . 
 `` you oughta go to the hospital . '' 
 `` fuck the hospital , man ! '' 
 terrance said , raising his face to look shane in the eyes . 
 `` you know how much my copay is ? 
 forty-five fucking dollars ! 
 it 's just a fuckin ' scratch . '' 
 his eyes dropped back to his hands , which he clenched to fists . 
 `` fuckin ' cracker-ass hipster 's the one gon na need a doctor . 
 i busted his ass , good . '' 
 shane looked at his co-worker for a moment , saying nothing . 
 `` just a bit hyped , you know , '' terrance said . 
 `` adrenaline and all that . 
 i 'll be cool in a minute . '' 
 `` alright , '' shane said , `` fine . 
 but you ca n't stay up here . 
 why 'd you come to the ceo 's floor anyway ? '' 
 `` fucker never shows up before noon , man . 
 you know that . 
 and he might not even come in on a weekend at all . 
 meanwhile all these fuckin ' hipster drones show up bright and early . 
 might even be a few of them on the other floors , right now , after that product launch last night , getting all juiced on some bullshit energy drink . 
 these fuckin ' yuppie hipsters love their fuckin ' jobs more than anything else . '' 
 shane nodded his head . 
 he 'd had the same thoughts himself . 
 the tech workers wore hoodies and blue jeans , but they were the same as the old-school yuppies in their suits and ties . 
 they all lived to work . 
 they all put their careers at the center of their lives . 
 actually , shane thought , the tech-worker hipsters were worse than the yuppies , pretending to be into underground art and writing and music . 
 at least the yuppies had the decency to act disdainful toward the culture they were destroying . 
 the hipsters did n't even seem to realize that by giving all of their creative energies and time to the big-money tech start-ups , they were furthering a san francisco that left no room for people who wanted to focus their lives on something other than being part of forbes magazine 's hot new company to watch . 
 terrance dropped his face back into his hands , rubbed at his eyes . 
 `` i 'll be cool in a minute , '' he said . 
 `` do n't worry about me . '' 
 he pulled a smart phone from his pocket , glanced at its screen . 
 `` it 's almost six . 
 fuckin ' drones 'll start showing up pretty soon . 
 if you get started on the main floor , i 'll start up here and work down to meet you . '' 
 shane thought of how he 'd already had to clean the kitchen and cafeteria on his own , suddenly irritated again . 
 the clock was ticking , and there was still plenty of work to do . 
 `` alright , '' shane said . 
 `` whatever . 
 but do n't forget to clean this fucking couch . 
 gon na stain if you do n't get that blood off it , soon . '' 
 `` do n't you fuckin ' worry ` bout me , '' terrance said , glaring . 
 `` i 'm a handle it . 
 you acting like you never had a slow day . 
 do n't remember couple months back ? 
 we went out after work , you called in sick next day ? 
 fuckin ' death kitten 7 game release , and i had to clean the ground floor on my own ? 
 you forgetting that ? 
 give a brother a break , man . '' 
 shane closed his mouth , dipped his head once in assent . 
 `` you got a point , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll start on the ground floor . 
 but do n't wait too long to clean this couch . '' 
 he stood up , walked back to the elevator . 
 he jabbed the call button with two stiff fingers , and then realized he still had blood on his rubber gloves , and he 'd just marked the button with it . 
 `` fuck , '' he muttered , wiping the blood away with his sleeve . 
 chapter 5 shane often received notices and reminders of the importance of taking his breaks . 
 the notes usually reminded cleaning staff that california law required a fifteen minute break for every two hours worked , and a half hour lunch if the work-day was longer than six hours . 
 today he 'd already been at work for about two hours , but when the elevator doors opened on the ground floor , and he saw all of the disorganized chairs and can-littered tables , he knew he would n't have time to take a break and still stay on schedule . 
 he frowned , thinking of how often that was the case . 
 he needed to get this floor clean as soon as possible . 
 despite it being barely six a.m. on a saturday , he 'd seen zappow ! 
 workers show up almost this early on other weekends . 
 the fuckers really did live to work , as if their jobs were their whole reason for being . 
 shane hurried over to the janitor closet , thumbing through the keys on his key ring . 
 he found his key , stabbed it into the keyhole , twisted it . 
 he jerked the door open and grabbed a box of trash bin liners from the shelf , dropped the box on the cart . 
 he pulled the cart out , wheeled it over to the nearest trash can . 
 and then he heard a loud crash from the third floor , as if someone had tipped over a file cabinet . 
 shane froze in place , looking up at the third floor railing , trying to catch a glimpse of what was going on . 
 but he could n't see anything past the rail except for a few emergency lights shining down from the bottom of the next floor up . 
 `` maybe someone is up there , '' he said to himself . 
 maybe they fell out of their chair , or knocked a computer off the desk . 
 or maybe there was an earthquake , a tiny one , but enough to tip a stack of books off a shelf . 
 he looked up at the rail . 
 he still could n't see anything . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 he called out , aiming his voice at the third level . 
 `` everything all right up there ? '' 
 he listened carefully , but the only sound he heard was the subtle hum of the fluorescent lights . 
 `` fuck it , '' he said . 
 `` be up there soon enough . 
 got to get this main floor cleaned up already . '' 
 he started working on the trash . 
 there were ten trash bins in the room , and every bin was filled to the brim with empty , red cans of voodoo . 
 shane guessed that at least forty cans would fit in a bin , which meant at least four hundred empty cans all together . 
 not to mention the several dozen cans littering the table tops , and down in the cafeteria too . 
 so , more than 500 cans of voodoo were drank at last night 's event , which worked out to one for every zappow ! 
 employee , and second cans for some . 
 it took shane three trips to the blue recycling dumpster to dispose of all the bags . 
 he glanced at a clock on the wall when he 'd finally finished with that job , saw that it was already half past six . 
 he hurried to the janitor 's closet , pulled the vacuum out , attached an extension cord to it , and plugged the cord into the wall socket . 
 then he turned it on , and ran it across the room -- literally ran it , arm stretched out , feet jogging across the carpet , trying to make up time . 
 he reached the far end of the room and turned to run back the way he 'd come . 
 but when he turned he noticed something at the upper edge of his vision . 
 something up on the third floor . 
 it startled shane enough to make him stumble . 
 he caught himself , stopped and looked up . 
 someone was up there , standing at the railing , watching him . 
 shane looked up at the person for a moment , vacuum still roaring , trying to make out who it was . 
 but the person was backlit by the emergency lights , just a featureless silhouette standing at the railing , motionless . 
 shane lifted a hand , waved . 
 the figure made no movement . 
 it stood completely still , hands hanging limp at its sides . 
 despite its proximity to the railing , it did n't rest its hands there , or lean forward against it . 
 shane kicked the power switch on the vacuum , turning it off . 
 he raised his hand again . 
 `` hello , '' he said loudly , hand still raised . 
 the figure made no response . 
 after a few seconds of awkward silence , shane started to feel uncomfortable . 
 he dropped his hand , looked around the main floor . 
 no one else was there . 
 he looked back up at the third floor railing . 
 the figure was still standing there , watching him . 
 he watched the figure for another half minute . 
 it never took its eyes from him , never raised a hand to wave , never made any movement at all . 
 `` well fuck you , then , '' shane muttered under his breath . 
 `` fucking stuck-up hipster , yuppie asshole . '' 
 he kicked the vacuum back on , started pushing it across the floor again , though this time he did n't run . 
 even if he ran , there was n't enough time to vacuum the whole floor . 
 more than two and a half hours had passed since he 'd clocked in , and there were still four floors to go , each needing to be vacuumed , each needing its trash cans emptied , each with two bathrooms that had to be cleaned . 
 hardly more than a quarter of the workday was done , and shane was already far enough behind that he 'd have to spend the rest of the day playing catch up . 
 he could n't do it all anymore . 
 he 'd have to focus on the obvious stuff , get it done as quickly as possible , and move on . 
 he glanced back up at the third floor railing . 
 the figure had disappeared . 
 shane pushed the vacuum around the main floor , eyes scanning for dirty spots . 
 his headache had gotten worse , a throbbing in his temples , especially sharp above his left eye . 
 he found himself squinting that eye , squeezing it shut tight , as if that would push the pain back . 
 his mouth was dry , the sweat coating his sides felt thick and sticky . 
 he found himself longing for a beer . 
 by seven o’clock he 'd finished spot-cleaning with the vacuum , he 'd wiped down the tables , put the chairs in order . 
 he locked the vacuum and cart back in the janitor 's closet , went to the elevator , and hit the button for the second floor . 
 the majority of the zappow ! 
 employees were divided into three main teams , with a team for each of the second through fourth floors . 
 each team worked on separate projects , and competition between the teams was encouraged , with teams vying to finish projects early , and striving to create the most commercially successful games . 
 the team that occupied the second floor was the newest of the three -- labeled team noob by the others -- and had n't yet produced an especially profitable game . 
 their one completed project -- a strategy game titled fuzzfest , in which players assumed the role of pet shop owners who bred cats for pit fighting -- had n't been a commercial failure , but it had n't achieved the success enjoyed by projects created by the longer-existing teams . 
 that lack of instant dominance , coupled with their status as the newest team , made team noob the underdogs in the building . 
 they were hungry for respect , and it was n't uncommon to find noobs pulling all-nighters , desperate to stay ahead of schedule . 
 today was no exception . 
 as the elevator doors opened , shane saw that several noobs had worked through the night . 
 one , wearing a black hoodie , was slumped over a desk in one of the rows in the center of the floor . 
 his face rested on his keyboard between his arms . 
 his screen was opened to an animation program showing a blood-splattered cat swinging a chainsaw , again and again in an endless loop . 
 another worker , this one wearing a red and green flannel , had made it to a couch near the elevator . 
 now he sprawled there like a broken doll , one leg dangling toward the floor . 
 in a cubicle along the back wall a third noob hunched in his chair , facing a screen filled with lines of code . 
 he was dressed in a polo shirt , white with black stripes . 
 his ears were covered with headphones , and the screen 's light illuminated his face with a sickly shade of green . 
 numerous voodoo cans were scattered around each of the noobs , as if they 'd tried to use the energy drinks to fuel their all-nighter . 
 shane sighed , went to the janitor 's closet , hand fishing for his keychain . 
 he opened the door and grabbed several trash bags , stuffing all but one in his pocket . 
 the last bag he whipped open , and then he started filling it with red cans of voodoo . 
 the noob on the couch remained motionless as shane collected the empty cans near him , so still that shane could n't even tell if the guy was breathing . 
 the noob sprawled over his keyboard did n't move either , though shane could n't see how the guy could sleep with all those keyboard keys pressing into his face . 
 shane tied off the bag , left it there in the aisle . 
 he pulled another bag from his pocket , whipped it open . 
 he made his way toward the cubicles along the back wall , went to the cubicle with the guy facing the screen of code . 
 he squeezed around the guy , grabbing cans . 
 seven of them , around this one guy . 
 had he drank them all himself ? 
 shane paused beside the guy , leaned over the desk to look at the guy 's face . 
 he was slumped in his office chair , hands resting limply in his lap . 
 his shoulders drooped , his head hanging forward until his forehead nearly touched the screen . 
 and his eyes were open , staring , unfocused . 
 dead . 
 chapter 6 shane stepped back , startled . 
 the thought of the drunk yuppie he 'd seen on 13th came rushing back . 
 the noob 's eyes were just as raw and red , just as glazed and lifeless . 
 but the yuppie had been drunk . 
 or at least , he 'd smelled like booze , and he 'd been covered in crusted vomit . 
 the noob did n't smell like booze . 
 he did n't smell like a rose , either -- his stink was closer to a mix of pickles and b.o. -- but there was no hint of alcohol in it . 
 shane stood there for a moment , looking at the guy 's hunched back , his drooping shoulders and hanging head . 
 he looked like he 'd fallen asleep sitting up . 
 maybe the guy was tired enough to sleep with his eyes open ? 
 suddenly the noob 's shoulders lifted slightly , his head raised up a few inches as he filled his chest with a deep breath . 
 he sighed it back out , body folding forward as if he were deflating , and his head came to rest on his keyboard . 
 shane stepped backwards , carefully exiting the cubicle . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they might earn five times more than me , '' he said to himself , quietly , `` but they 're selling their souls for their jobs . 
 i 'd never pull an all-nighter without serious compensation , but these salary-earning bastards are doing it so often that they 're turning into vegetables . '' 
 he made his way across the floor , collecting cans as he went . 
 the second bag filled up , and he tied it and left it in the walkway between the cubicles and the rows of desks . 
 he opened a third bag , kept moving toward the opposite wall . 
 tech start-ups were famous for being `` unorthodox '' work-places . 
 usually that meant , in practical terms , that a ping-pong table or a dartboard found its way in amongst the cubicles and desks . 
 for team noob it was a pool table , tucked away in a corner near the far wall . 
 but the eight ball had gone missing just a few weeks after the table appeared , and the cue ball had followed just a few days after that . 
 neither had ever been replaced , and shane figured the missing balls meant team noob was more interested in the pool table as a symbol than as something they actually wanted to use . 
 he made his way to the table now , saw that a few cans of voodoo had found their way amongst the colored balls littering the green felt . 
 one of the sticks had been laid across the table , another was on the floor beneath . 
 he snatched up the voodoo cans , threw them in his garbage bag . 
 and then he kneeled , reaching for the fallen cue stick . 
 as shane 's fingers closed over the stick , he heard a low , throaty moan from somewhere back behind him . 
 he straightened up quickly , cracking his head on the edge of the table . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he said , clutching at his head with his other hand , eyes squeezed shut from the pain . 
 the moan repeated , long and low . 
 shane got to his feet , one hand still holding the stick , his other hand holding the back of his head . 
 he opened his eyes and looked toward the sound . 
 it was still dark in the building , the illumination on this floor coming primarily from the emergency lights mounted in the ceiling , and from the dim glow of the power buttons on the computers and other electrical equipment . 
 he 'd been so wrapped up in his work that he 'd failed to take note of that . 
 normally enough workers had shown up by this time that someone had turned on the regular lights . 
 it was past seven now , and no new zappow ! 
 workers had come in yet that morning , as far as shane knew . 
 he looked back across the darkened floor , wondering if he 'd imagined the sound . 
 there was no obvious movement anywhere he could see , except for the flickering lights coming from one computer screen . 
 and then he realized which screen it was : the screen in the center of the floor , where the noob with the black hoodie had been sleeping with his face on his keyboard . 
 the screen must have been showing that same loop of the cat swinging the chainsaw , but now the light flickered against an empty chair , shoved back from the table . 
 the sleeping noob was gone . 
 shane scanned the area with his eyes , saw a darkened figure near the end of the row , shuffling slowly toward him . 
 it was too dim to see much at this distance , but shane assumed it was the noob . 
 `` hello , '' shane said . 
 the figure let out a low moan in response . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 shane muttered to himself . 
 he found his hand tightening on the pool cue , his other hand rising to join it . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` you alright ? '' 
 the figure moaned again . 
 he walked with a lurching step , arms hanging limply , head tilted forward so that his eyes looked out from under his brow . 
 he was about ten paces away . 
 `` you okay , man ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` you feeling alright ? '' 
 the noob said nothing , just kept lurching closer , slowly eating up the distance between them . 
 `` listen , man , '' shane said . 
 `` i 've had a hell of a morning , and i 'm running behind . 
 i need to get back to work . '' 
 the noob still said nothing . 
 he was about five steps away now , close enough for shane to see the dull glimmer of his glazed eyes . 
 shane thought of the drunken yuppie . 
 he took a step back . 
 `` do n't fuck with me , man , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'm not in the mood . '' 
 the noob was so close that shane could see the impressions the keyboard had left on his face . 
 his hands lifted slowly , reaching toward shane . 
 the whites of his eyes were bloodshot to red . 
 there was no humor in them , no sense that this was a joke . 
 shane lifted the stick , pressed the thick end against the noob 's chest . 
 he felt the noob 's weight against it , pressing forward , pushing shane back . 
 the noob 's arms reached toward shane , and he took another lurching step forward . 
 anger flared in shane . 
 he gripped the cue stick tightly with both hands , planted his feet , and shoved back . 
 the noob stumbled back a few paces . 
 but as soon as he 'd recovered his balance , he lurched toward shane again . 
 his eyes were as dead as ever . 
 and just like that , shane 's rage turned into something else . 
 `` what the fuck is wrong with this guy ? '' 
 shane said aloud , backing away . 
 the noob was almost on him again . 
 shane skirted around the pool table , putting it between himself and the noob . 
 the noob followed around it , moving slowly , but never pausing . 
 shane backed around the table until he 'd come all the way around it . 
 he kept backing away quickly , keeping his eye on the noob , heading toward the elevator . 
 and then he heard a moan behind him . 
 he looked over his shoulder , saw the noob with the green and red checkered flannel just behind him . 
 shane was moving too quickly to stop . 
 he managed to turn and get the cue stick up , holding it horizontally , his hands far apart . 
 and then he crashed into the flannel-clad noob . 
 the stick caught the flannel man across the upper chest , knocking him back . 
 but the guy lifted his arms up , reaching for shane , which made the shaft of the stick slide up across his throat . 
 shane caught his balance , tried to back away . 
 but flannel man had a hand on the right sleeve of his coveralls , and that hand gripped the fabric like a vise , pulling shane near . 
 shane looked into the noob 's face , saw the same dead , bloodshot eyes , saw the lips pull back from the teeth as though the man wanted to bite . 
 near panic , shane 's foot came slamming up between the man 's legs before he 'd had a chance to consider the consequences . 
 nothing happened . 
 he felt the toe of his boot find home , felt the foot collide solidly with the noob 's crotch and bounce back . 
 but the man 's face showed absolutely no reaction . 
 he did n't even lose his grip on shane 's sleeve . 
 like a pot boiling over , the panic shane felt abruptly flooded over him . 
 he drove the shaft of the cue hard against the man 's neck , feeling something crunch beneath the wood . 
 the force of it made the man 's head snap forward even as his body rocked back . 
 his fingers slipped free from shane 's sleeve , and shane took a lunging step forward , shoving with all his might . 
 the flannel-clad noob stumbled back into the railing , abruptly tipped over it , and fell . 
 shane 's momentum brought him to the railing a split second later . 
 he saw the noob in mid-air , flipping once as he fell . 
 he landed hard , his lower body coming down on a conference table , which snapped him back at the waist before his legs rebounded and whipped over his head . 
 his upper body caught the arm of a chair in its descent , but the chair toppled toward the man , doing nothing to break his fall . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he could n't see the flannel man clearly , because the chair had fallen on top of him . 
 but he could hear him , letting out a long moan . 
 chapter 7 shane ran toward the elevator , punched the call button . 
 the elevator was still on his level , and the doors opened immediately . 
 he got in and hit the button for the main floor . 
 before the door closed he caught a glimpse of the noob in the black hoodie , headed his way . 
 the doors opened to the ground floor before he had time to consider that . 
 he ran across the floor toward the fallen man . 
 flannel man had ended up with his head under the table , his legs stretched back from it , and the chair lying on top of him . 
 shane could see his arms moving , but the other chairs blocked his view . 
 `` wait , wait ! '' 
 shane called , halfway there . 
 `` try not to move ! 
 you might have hurt your back . '' 
 the chair nearest the man abruptly tipped back and fell , as though it 'd been shoved . 
 shane slowed to a stop , dumbstruck . 
 he saw the man 's right arm come around , fingers digging into the carpet for purchase . 
 he 'd folded sideways at the waist like a bendable drinking straw . 
 the other hand came down beside the first , driving the fingers in like claws . 
 the man was pulling himself out from under the table , dragging his feet behind . 
 he was pulling himself out from under the table , toward shane . 
 shane stood rooted to the spot , captivated by the sight . 
 the man drove one hand in after the other , pulling himself forward arm by arm , propping his torso up on his forearms as he crawled . 
 his legs dragged behind him , completely limp . 
 his lifted face showed no sign of pain . 
 his eyes , fixed on shane , were just as dead as ever . 
 flannel man opened his mouth again , and moaned . 
 shane found himself backing away , moving toward the elevator . 
 he reached back to press the call button , never turning away from the crawling man . 
 the elevator dinged and its doors slid open , throwing light over shane 's shoulders . 
 he stepped back into it , pressed the button for the fifth floor . 
 he kept his eyes on the crawling man until the doors closed , cutting him off from view . 
 the elevator made no noise as it climbed . 
 the silence wrapped around shane like a cocoon . 
 on the fifth floor it stopped , the doors opening with a ding . 
 shane stepped out onto the landing , peering into the gloom , his eyes having difficulty readjusting because of the comparative brightness of the elevator . 
 he turned to his right and looked at the white couch . 
 the leather was still smeared with blood , but terrance was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 shane called out . 
 `` terrance , where the fuck are you ? 
 i need your help , man ! '' 
 he walked to the railing , looked over the side . 
 it was dark , but he thought he could see flannel man down there , dragging himself across the ground floor . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 he called out again . 
 he looked across the space . 
 the zappow ! 
 ceo had his office on the far side , a glass-walled room that took up all of the landing along the far wall . 
 two other offices , for the company president and the chief of operations , were built along the longer wall of the landing . 
 the couches and chairs near shane were a waiting area of sorts , divided from the rest of the floor by the senior secretary 's desk . 
 behind her desk was another meeting area , with a wet bar the ceo kept stocked with expensive liquors and champagne -- the guy liked to pop corks , and he took every game launch or earnings report as an opportunity to do so . 
 shane 's eyes darted around the area , straining to see in the darkness . 
 all the little glowing lights -- from computer screen savers and power strip bars , from the buttons on the dishwasher built into the wet bar , from the message-indicator lights on the phones -- all the little lights burned like sparse christmas bulbs , in green and red and blue . 
 but the single brightest source of light was a harsh white shining forth from the bottom of the bathroom door , on the near side of the chief of operations ' office . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 shane called out again , making his way around the secretary 's desk . 
 he reached the bathroom door , shoved it open . 
 the brilliant light in the room , bouncing off the white walls and floor , blinded him . 
 he flinched his face away , raising his hand to block the light . 
 the hangover that had faded to a dull headache roared back to full skull-crushing force . 
 a second later , when the throbbing in his raw brain dimmed enough to let him see again , he dropped his hand and looked . 
 terrance was sprawled on the white floor tiles near the toilet , his face resting in a puddle of blood . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 shane dropped to his knees by his coworker , grabbing his shoulder . 
 he rolled him onto his back , saw the crusted blood beneath his nose , the chunks of vomit caught in the stubble on his chin . 
 terrance 's eyes were closed , and as shane rolled his face to the light , he squeezed them tighter shut , raising his injured arm to shade his face . 
 a low groan slipped out between his full lips . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 shane planted a foot on either side of terrance 's chest , grabbed the front of terrance 's coveralls with both hands , and hauled him up to a sitting position , his back propped against the wall . 
 `` terrance , talk to me , man ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he shook terrance gently . 
 terrance groaned again , but still did n't open his eyes . 
 `` fuck this , '' shane said to himself . 
 `` i 've got ta call 911 . '' 
 he stood up and turned toward the bathroom door . 
 before he got his hand on the handle , he heard a horrible retching sound . 
 he turned back toward terrance , saw that his coworker had vomited again , a chunky red mess that sprayed over his legs and ran down his chest . 
 before the last of it dribbled from his chin , he tipped sideways and fell , striking his head against the wall . 
 and then terrance went into a seizure . 
 at least , shane assumed it was a seizure . 
 he 'd only seen something like it once before , years ago , while riding a bus to a poetry reading in north beach . 
 an old chinese man had started rocking in his seat , head pressed against the window . 
 one of the other passengers had been a nurse , and he 'd turned the guy onto his side and shoved a leather wallet between his teeth , to keep him from swallowing his tongue . 
 there was no nurse there now . 
 if anyone was going to keep terrance from swallowing his tongue , it had to be shane . 
 he let go of the door , dropped to his knees at terrance 's side . 
 terrance jerked and rocked violently , repeatedly bending at the waist as if he were doing crunches . 
 his lips pulled back in a grimace , his teeth clacked together . 
 shane reached his hands toward terrance 's mouth , to try to keep him from biting his tongue . 
 and then something clicked in shane 's head . 
 terrance had been in a fight that morning , and the person had bit him . 
 the drunk yuppie shane had encountered on his way to work had tried to bite , too , as had the flannel-clad hipster he 'd knocked off the second floor . 
 shane froze , his fingers less than six inches away from terrance 's face . 
 terrance had been bitten , and now he was sick . 
 shane jerked his hands back , his heart beating so hard that he felt lightheaded . 
 he stood up and took a step back . 
 the room seemed to spin around him . 
 but terrance was still there , on the floor , convulsing . 
 a pink froth had gathered at the side of his mouth . 
 his eyes were squeezed shut , his face a mask of agony . 
 he jerked at his waist as if someone were kicking him in the stomach repeatedly . 
 `` fuck , man , '' shane said , raising both his hands to his head . 
 `` fuck , terrance . '' 
 a flow of tears started running from terrance 's squeezed-shut eyes . 
 a wet , gagging sound forced its way out of his throat . 
 his face looked grey . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 shane said , again . 
 he pulled his rubber gloves from his pocket , jammed his hands into them as he desperately looked around the room . 
 the first thing that caught his eye was the plunger , standing beside the toilet . 
 shane grabbed it , stepped on the rubber bell and jerked the handle free . 
 he dropped to his knees beside terrance , forced the side of the handle into his mouth like a horse 's bit . 
 terrance 's teeth clamped down on it , sinking into the wood , making fibers of the wood buckle . 
 shane put his hand on terrance 's forehead , pressed it back gently , tilted his head back so that his throat was less constricted . 
 he put his other hand on terrance 's shoulder , squeezed it , tried to brace him . 
 `` come on , terrance , '' shane said . 
 `` come on , breathe . '' 
 the violence of terrance 's jerking seemed to fade slightly . 
 the wet gagging sound stopped . 
 a moment later , he went still , limp . 
 the grimace disappeared from his face , though his complexion still looked sickly grey . 
 his neck relaxed until the side of his head rested on the ground , and the plunger handle dropped from his mouth . 
 `` come on , terrance , '' shane said , voice tight . 
 `` breathe , man . 
 breathe ! '' 
 abruptly , terrance grimaced again , and coughed hard . 
 he coughed all the air out of his lungs , gasped in a breath , and went on coughing . 
 after a minute , the coughing fit passed , and he started drawing long , deep breaths . 
 another minute later , his eyes opened . 
 `` shit , '' terrance murmured . 
 shane dropped back onto his rear end , holding his head in his hands . 
 `` oh thank god , '' he said . 
 chapter 8 shane helped terrance back to a sitting position , his back propped against the wall . 
 terrance sat there , arms resting on his propped up knees , head hanging forward . 
 he blinked his eyes as if he were just waking up , or coming out of a daze . 
 `` terrance , i 'm gon na call for help , '' shane said . 
 `` stay here a minute . 
 relax . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 terrance nodded his head , coughed again . 
 shane got up and opened the bathroom door . 
 he propped the door open with a trash can , walked over to the secretary 's desk . 
 he picked up her phone and dialed 911 . 
 and got a busy signal . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 shane muttered . 
 `` how can 911 be busy ? '' 
 he hung up the phone and tried again . 
 still busy . 
 the phone was a multi-line system , and shane pressed a button to use a different line . 
 he called 911 from that line , and heard the same repeated blaring of the busy signal . 
 `` what the fuck is going on ? '' 
 shane said . 
 he went to the meeting area , picked the conference phone off the table , and tried again . 
 still busy . 
 shane put the phone back in its cradle , walked back toward the bathroom . 
 terrance had lifted his head , was looking around the white-tiled room with bleary eyes . 
 `` terrance , '' shane said , `` can i use your cell phone ? '' 
 terrance reached into his pocket , pulled out his smartphone , held it out to shane . 
 shane took the phone and glanced at the screen . 
 there was an exclamation point in a yellow square on the screen , with a message printed in a box beneath it : `` emergency warning . 
 widespread incidents of mayhem in san francisco area . 
 authorities urge citizens to remain indoors with all entrances secured until further notice . '' 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` what 's ` mayhem ' supposed to mean ? '' 
 terrance looked up at him , questioning . 
 `` look at this , '' shane said , handing him the phone . 
 `` have you ever seen anything like that before ? '' 
 terrance took the phone , looked at the screen . 
 he coughed gently , cleared his throat . 
 `` i seen messages like this for street shootings in oakland , '' he said , `` but i never seen nothing about ` incidents of mayhem ' . '' 
 `` well , can you still use the phone ? 
 i 'm trying to call 911 , but i ca n't get through on any of these landlines . '' 
 `` you wan na call the cops ? '' 
 terrance said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i want to call you an ambulance -- '' `` naw , man . 
 do n't call no ambulance . '' 
 shane shook his head , incredulous . 
 `` you just had a fucking seizure ! 
 you 're covered in your own puke and blood . 
 plus some fucker bit you this morning , and you still have n't done nothing about it . '' 
 the thought of the guy in the flannel came back to shane abruptly . 
 `` and there 's a guy who fell off the second floor . 
 he 's on the ground floor now , crawling around like he ca n't use his legs . '' 
 terrance looked up at him , eyebrows furrowed . 
 `` what you say ? '' 
 `` a guy fell over the second floor railing . '' 
 `` how he do that ? '' 
 `` well ... '' shane looked at terrance , considering . 
 `` i do n't know , man . 
 i went to clean the second floor . 
 couple guys there . 
 looked like they 'd pulled an all-nighter . 
 two of them started acting kinda weird . '' 
 `` weird how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 weird . 
 lurching around . 
 moaning . '' 
 terrance 's gaze stayed locked on shane 's eyes . 
 the dazed look he 'd had a second ago was gone . 
 `` lem me see this guy , '' terrance said , bracing a hand on the floor as if he were about to stand . 
 `` hold on , '' shane said , stepping toward him . 
 `` maybe you should relax for a minute . 
 you just had a seizure . '' 
 `` fuck your fucking seizure , '' terrance said , glaring . 
 he pushed himself up off the floor heavily , swayed as if he might fall , braced himself with a hand against the wall . 
 `` you do n't look so good , man , '' shane said . 
 `` maybe you should sit down for a while . '' 
 terrance gave him another hard look . 
 he took a lurching step away from the wall , almost lost his balance again , but glared when shane stepped forward to help him . 
 he walked out of the bathroom unsteadily , made his way to the railing . 
 he gripped the railing with both hands and looked over . 
 `` i do n't see nothin ' , '' he said , after a minute . 
 shane came up beside him , looked over . 
 it was still dark , especially after the brightness of the bathroom , but it was n't as dark as it had been earlier . 
 shane looked up at the skylights in the ceiling , saw that they were a very dim grey . 
 dawn had broken . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 terrance looked at him . 
 `` know sumthin ' ? '' 
 he said , `` you 're the only fucker i know without a cell phone . '' 
 `` i ai n't got the money for a phone , '' shane said . 
 `` ai n't got nobody to call , anyway , '' he muttered . 
 terrance shook his head , looked down at his own phone . 
 `` it 's seven forty . '' 
 `` seven forty , and still the lights are n't on . '' 
 `` where 's your man ? '' 
 terrance asked , looking back over the railing . 
 `` i do n't see nobody . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' shane said . 
 `` maybe he 's under the second-floor overhang . 
 maybe he left . '' 
 `` i thought you said he could n't use his legs . '' 
 `` maybe i was wrong . 
 or maybe it was just temporary . '' 
 `` temporary , '' terrance said , giving him a look . 
 `` i do n't know , '' shane said , irritated . 
 he noticed how terrance seemed to cling to the railing , as though he still did n't feel steady on his feet . 
 `` yeah , temporary . 
 just a few minutes ago you were flopping on the bathroom floor , but now you 're up giving me shit . 
 guess your seizure was temporary , too . '' 
 terrance 's look turned darker . 
 `` come on , '' terrance said . 
 `` we going down there . '' 
 chapter 9 before shane could reply , terrance had lurched away from the railing . 
 he walked toward the elevator with a purposeful , though still unsteady , stride . 
 `` i still think you ought to sit down for a minute , '' shane said . 
 terrance said nothing in reply . 
 he reached out and jabbed the elevator call button . 
 it opened immediately , and he stepped through the doors . 
 shane followed . 
 `` you playing pool this mornin ' ? '' 
 terrance said , pressing the button for the ground floor . 
 the pool cue was leaning in the corner of the elevator . 
 shane had forgotten all about it . 
 `` i was cleaning up around the pool table when the fuckers came at me , '' he said , he stepped back to the pool cue and took hold of it . 
 `` came at you ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' shane mumbled . 
 `` so this guy that fell off the railing , he have any help with that ? '' 
 shane looked at the doors , saying nothing . 
 the elevator reached the ground floor . 
 the bell dinged , the doors slid open . 
 and there on the floor was the flannel man , waiting . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 shane said , stepping back . 
 terrance did n't move as quickly . 
 the flannel man reached out with both hands , caught hold of his leg . 
 terrance tried to jerk his leg free , but the flannel man did n't let go . 
 he pulled himself toward terrance 's leg , his own legs still dragging behind him . 
 he opened his mouth , sinking his teeth into terrance 's shin . 
 terrance screamed and fell backwards . 
 without thinking , shane swung the thick end of the pool cue into the flannel man 's temple . 
 flannel man 's head rocked to the side , his teeth tearing free , but the pool cue snapped in half at its middle . 
 terrance was on the floor , his head and shoulders pressed against the elevator wall . 
 he drew up his free leg , still screaming , and aimed a kick at flannel man 's face . 
 it was a glancing blow , enough to knock flannel man 's face to the side , but not enough to slow him down . 
 he lurched forward and sank his teeth into the meat above terrance 's knee , which made terrance scream even louder . 
 he raised his hands to terrance 's chest , lifted his face , and started pulling himself toward terrance 's neck . 
 shane dropped to his knees , and jammed the point of the stick into flannel man 's eye with both hands . 
 there was a moment of resistance , and then the stick abruptly slipped half a foot into the man 's head . 
 flannel man went limp , his fingers losing their grip on terrance 's coveralls . 
 a dark flood of blood poured from his gaping eye socket , spilling across terrance 's chest . 
 `` get him off me ! '' 
 terrance screamed . 
 `` get this fucker off me ! '' 
 shane grabbed the man by the shoulders of his flannel , dragged him off of terrance and outside of the elevator . 
 he dropped the man front-side down , the pool cue sticking out of the man 's head making his neck twist to the side . 
 a widening blood stain spread across the carpet from the man 's face . 
 shane stood there , looking down at the man . 
 he felt as if the air in the building had thickened instantaneously , as if he were buried in a pit of mud . 
 he could feel the weight of it pressing against him , making it hard for him to breathe . 
 and then a flash of heat rolled over his body , and he started shaking like he had a palsy . 
 his stomach lurched , and he turned to the side and vomited onto the floor . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 terrance called from the elevator . 
 `` shane , you alright out there ! 
 say something , bro . '' 
 shane shook his head . 
 he spit onto the floor , wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve . 
 and then he realized he was still wearing the rubber gloves . 
 the brilliant yellow of the rubber almost seemed to glow in the dim light , except for where the gloves had been covered with blood . 
 `` shane , help me out , bro ! '' 
 terrance called . 
 `` do n't leave me in here ! '' 
 shane shook his head again . 
 he took a step back toward the elevator , making a point of not looking at flannel man 's body . 
 terrance had propped himself up against the elevator wall . 
 he looked up at shane when shane stepped into sight . 
 `` shane , man , help me out , '' he said . 
 `` help a brother out . '' 
 he raised one arm up toward shane , the other pushing himself off the ground . 
 shane took his arm , helped haul him to his feet . 
 terrance stood leaning against the elevator wall , his hands gripping the waist-high rail for support . 
 he had all of his weight on his uninjured leg . 
 his face looked drawn and pale beneath his dark skin . 
 his head was tilted back , eyes squeezed shut , and he was breathing in sharp gasps . 
 `` we got ta get you to a hospital , '' shane said . 
 `` yeah , man , '' terrance said . 
 `` yeah we do . 
 but first things first . '' 
 he paused . 
 he opened his eyes and caught shane with a serious look . 
 `` first things first , '' terrance said . 
 `` and first thing we got ta do is get my muh-fuckin ' gun . '' 
 chapter 10 shane looked terrance in the eye , surprise cutting through his dazed state . 
 `` you 've got a gun ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` fuck yeah i got a gun . '' 
 terrance said . 
 `` i 'm from oakland , remember ? '' 
 `` you 've got a gun on you . 
 now . 
 at work ? '' 
 `` naw man . 
 you think i 'm dumb ? 
 i know better than to pack heat on my person when i 'm at work . '' 
 shane shook his head . 
 `` for a minute there you had me thinking -- '' `` it 's in my locker , '' terrance said , cutting him off . 
 shane looked at him , dumbfounded . 
 `` you got ta help me get there , '' terrance said . 
 `` fuckin ' noob tore up my leg . 
 i need you to help me walk . '' 
 `` you 're serious ? 
 you 've got a gun here at work , and you want me to help you get it ? '' 
 `` does it look like i 'm playing with you , '' terrance said , voice getting louder . 
 `` fuckin ' crazy-ass cracker bites my arm this mornin ' , another chews up my goddamn leg , and you trippin ' over me having a fuckin ' piece at work ! 
 fuckin ' yuppie crackers goin ' crazy , like they think brothas be made of chocolate or sumthin ' , and you trippin ' over a mother fuckin ' piece ! '' 
 there was a loud crash from outside the elevator . 
 `` the fuck was that ? '' 
 terrance said , his voice back to whisper volume . 
 shane looked him in the eye , his face grim . 
 he stepped to the elevator door , leaned forward cautiously and looked out . 
 the flannel-clad corpse had n't moved . 
 shane let his eyes skirt over it quickly , and he scanned the rest of the ground level . 
 another loud crash sounded . 
 it had come from the third floor . 
 shane took another cautious step out of the elevator , and looked up . 
 a handful of papers drifted through the air , sliding and flipping as they fell , making shane think of confetti . 
 he looked past the papers , thought he saw movement behind the third floor railing . 
 he stepped back into the elevator . 
 terrance watched him intently , a film of sweat on his brow . 
 `` something 's moving up on the third floor , '' shane said . 
 `` i think there 's somebody up there , knocking furniture over . '' 
 before terrance could respond , another crash sounded , louder and closer than the others . 
 shane turned and looked back onto the main floor . 
 something had landed amongst the chairs lined up in front of the low stage . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 terrance said . 
 `` i do n't know , '' shane replied . 
 `` something fell . '' 
 he took a few cautious steps out of the elevator , moving toward the stage . 
 he saw movement there , chairs being shoved around by something on the floor . 
 and then a man lurched to his feet , knocking a chair over as he stood . 
 he wore a white , long sleeve dress shirt . 
 the shirt was pulled askew so that his right shoulder was bare , and there was a dark stain across the front of his chest . 
 the man turned toward shane , and started lurching in his direction . 
 he did n't bother to push chairs aside with his hands , he just lurched forward , knocking them aside with his body . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 terrance said from the elevator , his voice tight . 
 `` it 's another one , '' shane said , turning back . 
 `` another ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the man had cleared the chairs , and was now lurching slowly across the open floor . 
 something was wrong with one of his legs -- it was bent sideways at the knee , and twisted so that the toe of that shoe pointed out . 
 something was wrong with his posture , too . 
 his back was tweaked , the left shoulder hanging lower than his right , that arm dangling straight down in front of him so that it bumped against his knee with each lurching step . 
 `` well , '' terrance said , voice rough , as though he were having trouble getting enough air for a breath , `` shit . '' 
 `` he 's almost at the tunnel already , '' shane said . 
 `` he is n't very fast , but he 's coming this way . 
 what do you want to do ? '' 
 terrance did n't say anything . 
 shane kept his eye on the man in the white shirt . 
 he could hear terrance behind him ; his breathing seemed more of a struggle with each breath . 
 white shirt raised his head as he passed the tunnel , opened his mouth , and let out a long moan . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 shane said . 
 he turned and looked back at terrance . 
 terrance had his eyes squeezed shut , as though he were in agony . 
 his whole face was glazed with sweat , and the parts of his coveralls that were n't covered in blood looked dark from perspiration . 
 his hands held the elevator rail with a white-knuckle grip but , as shane watched , terrance sagged sideways until his shoulder touched the elevator wall . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 white shirt was only a dozen paces away from them , now . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said again . 
 shane stepped the rest of the way into the elevator , and reached out to hit the button for the fifth floor . 
 `` if these fuckers learn to use the elevator , '' he said as the twin doors slid shut , `` we 'll really be fucked . '' 
 chapter 11 terrance stood several inches taller than shane , and probably weighed at least fifty pounds more . 
 and terrance had suddenly become so weak that he could hardly stand on his own , let alone move . 
 shane thought of that as he struggled his larger co-worker the relatively short distance from the elevator to the couch . 
 there was no way they 'd be able to outrun the man in the white shirt , even though the fellow lurched like a drunk . 
 shane went to the secretary 's phone to try another 911 call . 
 but this time , when he lifted the receiver from its cradle , the line was dead . 
 the skylight had brightened somewhat , drawing light from the typical foggy gloom of san francisco 's sky , but the main lights still had n't turned on . 
 `` phones are dead , terrance , '' shane said . 
 `` lights still are n't working , either . '' 
 his co-worker , who had started shivering despite the sweat that coated his face , said nothing in response . 
 shane watched him for a minute . 
 he walked over to the fridge at the wet bar , pulled it open . 
 it was fully stocked : glass bottles of spring water , exotic teas , kombucha blends , a few fancy belgian beers . 
 there were even a few cans of voodoo . 
 he took off his gloves , folded them and put them in his pocket . 
 then he pulled out a bottle of water for terrance , and looked at it , frowning . 
 `` figures , '' shane muttered . 
 `` they dam the hetch hetchy river to bring water to san francisco , destroying a valley as beautiful as yosemite , and the yuppies wo n't even drink it . '' 
 shane grabbed a beer for himself and walked back over to the couch . 
 `` terrance , '' he said . 
 `` terrance , have some water . '' 
 he held the bottle out , but terrance made no move for it . 
 `` terrance , you 're sweating like a pig . 
 drink some water . '' 
 still no response . 
 shane sighed . 
 he put his beer on the floor , reached in his pocket for his house keys . 
 the cap on the spring water needed a bottle opener , and he had one on his keys . 
 he pried the cap off the bottle , and held the water out to terrance again . 
 `` terrance , '' he said , `` drink . '' 
 terrance made no move for the bottle . 
 his eyes were still shut , but they were n't squeezed tight anymore . 
 his body still shivered , but it came in brief waves , and was n't as violent as the trembling of just a few moments before . 
 shane held the bottle out for a minute , but when his co-worker made no move for it , shane brought the bottle to his lips for him . 
 `` drink , man , '' he said , tipping the bottle gently . 
 a sip of water flowed into terrance 's mouth . 
 immediately , terrance sat up coughing and sputtering , eyes wild . 
 he swung his arm , knocking the bottle out of shane 's hand . 
 `` what the fuck ! '' 
 shane said . 
 `` no ! '' 
 terrance said . 
 `` no water . '' 
 his eyes were glazed , bloodshot . 
 `` terrance , you look like shit , '' shane said . 
 `` we got ta get you to a hospital . '' 
 `` no water , '' terrance said , falling back against the couch and closing his eyes . 
 `` fine , whatever . '' 
 shane picked up the bottle of beer , pried off the top . 
 he dropped the cap on the floor and took a long pull from the bottle . 
 he let out a deep sigh , and took another long pull , finishing the bottle off . 
 `` thank god , '' shane said . 
 for a moment he thought of going back to the fridge for another beer , but he looked at terrance and decided against it . 
 `` terrance , '' shane said , `` let me try your cell again . '' 
 terrance made no response . 
 `` terrance , the land lines are dead . 
 let me use your cell . '' 
 still no response . 
 terrance looked almost as if he 'd deflated some , or sunk down into the cushions . 
 he looked smaller , gray in the dim light , unnaturally still . 
 he took a slow breath , let it out . 
 it seemed like a long time before he took another . 
 shane reached for terrance 's unhurt arm , touched his fingers to it gingerly . 
 no response . 
 he lifted terrance 's hand , pressed two fingers to his wrist . 
 the pulse was there , but barely -- a sluggish , weak thing against shane 's fingers . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 he pulled his gloves back out of his pocket , slipped them on . 
 carefully , he reached into terrance 's pocket , fingers probing for the cell phone . 
 he found the phone and pulled it out . 
 he stood up and took a step back from terrance , looked down at the screen . 
 there were two yellow-boxed exclamation points now . 
 the message below them read : `` emergency warning . 
 san francisco area apparently experiencing outbreak of unknown pathogen , extremely virulent in nature . 
 compromised individuals display excessively aggressive behavior . 
 infection apparently transmitted orally , through bites . 
 citizens are urged to stay indoors with all entrances secured until further notice . '' 
 `` unknown pathogen , '' shane muttered to himself . 
 `` spread through bites . 
 excessively aggressive behavior . '' 
 he looked at terrance , who had gone still on the couch . 
 his left sleeve was still pushed up , the bloody rag wrapped around his forearm . 
 the left leg of his coveralls was torn and bloody in two places , where he 'd been bitten by the flannel man . 
 shane looked at terrance , still and gray on the couch . 
 `` gon na need something a lot stronger than beer , '' he said , walking back to the bar . 
 chapter 12 he was spoiled for choice . 
 the wet bar was very well stocked -- all expensive brands , stuff he could never afford on his own . 
 he snatched a bottle up with eager hands , looking at the label . 
 a brandy imported from france . 
 he dropped it back in place and reached for a square bottle with its purple , wax-sealed lid still intact . 
 scotch , the real kind , shipped over from scotland . 
 he held it , considering , until a square box near the back of the bar caught his attention . 
 he put the scotch down , reached for the box with both hands . 
 it was made of a rich-colored wood , and branded with a skull and crossbones . 
 he held it reverently for a moment , his head bowed , and then flipped the lid back . 
 rum 151 . 
 perfect . 
 a quick search of the bar rewarded shane with a knife for cutting limes . 
 he found a box of cigars , too , with a stainless steel lighter . 
 he took the lighter , leaving the cigars behind . 
 shane walked back to the couch , rum in one hand , knife and lighter in the other . 
 he stood looking down at his co-worker for a moment , trying to build up his courage . 
 terrance had n't moved at all in several minutes , except for the occasional swelling of his chest with a breath . 
 and the breaths were pretty far apart at this point . 
 `` hopefully that means you wo n't even feel it , buddy , '' he said . 
 he glanced at terrance 's face briefly , but quickly looked away . 
 shane got down on his knees at the side of the couch . 
 he slipped the lighter into his pocket , reached forward with the knife . 
 its serrated edge caught on the fabric of terrance 's coveralls , but he was able to cut the fabric back from the places where his co-worker had been bit . 
 the wound just above terrance 's knee was pretty nasty , a ragged hole torn in his brown skin , revealing a layer of lumpy yellow fat and dark muscle tissue beneath . 
 but it was the bite to his shin that made shane 's stomach lurch . 
 the skin pulled away like a flap , showing bone so white that it almost seemed to glow in the dim light . 
 shane closed his eyes for a moment , concentrating on the feel of the air he was pulling through his clenched teeth . 
 he counted to ten , and opened his eyes again , trying to see things coldly , dispassionately ; trying to shut off the part of his mind that made him want to throw up , or faint , or both . 
 it was n't easy -- it was almost like trying to keep two completely separate thoughts running in his mind at the same time -- but he was able to do it . 
 both wounds had blood weeping from them , though it was a pretty slow flow . 
 shane did n't know whether that meant terrance 's blood had clotted around the wounds , or that his heart had slowed to the point where it was barely moving blood anymore . 
 in either case , he was relieved to see no sign of damaged arteries , no gushing fluids . 
 the emergency message on the phone had mentioned infection resulting from bites . 
 shane brought the rum bottle to his mouth , pulled the cork out with his teeth . 
 it made a cheery sound when it pulled free , and shane almost smiled despite himself . 
 he spit the cork out , and upended the bottle over terrance 's wounds . 
 terrance hissed softly as the alcohol splashed over the gaping tears in his skin . 
 it was n't a dramatic reaction , but it gave shane hope . 
 maybe terrance was n't all the way gone yet . 
 maybe he could still make it back . 
 but just to be sure , shane reached through the pocket slit of his coveralls and undid his belt . 
 he pulled it free , used the knife to pierce a new hole . 
 and then he wrapped the belt under terrance 's chin , pulled it tight , and fastened it at the top of his head , strapping terrance 's jaw shut . 
 if terrance did succumb to infection , shane hoped he 'd be as unthinking as the other people seemed to be , and hopefully that 'd be unthinking enough to not undo a belt . 
 it was a stretch , shane knew , but it did n't hurt to try . 
 unthinking . 
 thoughtless . 
 that 's what the infected people seemed to be . 
 shane would n't mind a bit of that feeling himself , right now . 
 he looked down at the rum bottle in his hand . 
 he 'd used about half of it dousing terrance 's wounds , and now he raised the rum bottle to his lips and took a long draw from what was left . 
 the rum roared through him , blazing in his throat and sinuses like a firestorm , the sensation swelling to fill his head with a brief moment of oblivion . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , holding on . 
 and then he heard a bright ding . 
 shane opened his eyes , jaw clenched , heart ramping up . 
 he looked over at the elevator . 
 the doors slid open , and there was white shirt . 
 chapter 13 for a long moment shane stayed frozen in place , kneeling beside the couch . 
 he had n't even heard the elevator descend , though he supposed he 'd been a bit distracted . 
 in any case , white shirt had called the elevator , had ridden it to the top floor . 
 he was here . 
 he had called the elevator . 
 he had ridden it to the top floor , following them . 
 did that mean he was n't as far gone as shane had thought ? 
 did that mean he still had a thinking mind in his head ? 
 and what the fuck was he doing ? 
 shane 's last glimpse of the white-shirted worker had been of the man shuffling across the ground floor . 
 now he was kneeling on the elevator floor , his face pressed to the carpet . 
 shane watched , incredulous , as the white-shirted worker opened his mouth , and licked a dark patch on the carpet . 
 and then shane realized : white shirt was lapping at terrance 's blood . 
 shane stood up slowly , careful not to make a sound . 
 but white shirt paused abruptly , lifted his head . 
 he looked as if he were listening , or focusing with some other sense . 
 he lurched to his feet , slow and stiff , and turned to look at shane . 
 `` listen , '' shane said . 
 `` can you hear me ? 
 do you understand what i 'm saying . '' 
 white shirt lifted his right arm , reached toward shane , fingers eager . 
 he opened his mouth , breathed out a moan . 
 was there a sense of emotion in the moan ? 
 shane wondered . 
 a sense of yearning , or despair ? 
 `` can you understand me ? '' 
 shane asked , pronouncing each word carefully , as if he were trying to communicate with someone who did n't speak his language . 
 `` do . 
 you . 
 understand ? '' 
 white shirt came lurching out of the elevator , shuffling toward shane . 
 his hand reaching . 
 he moaned again . 
 shane glanced down at terrance , who looked as still as a corpse . 
 he looked back at white shirt . 
 white shirt , who had called the elevator and ridden it up to their level . 
 `` do you want help ? '' 
 shane said , wondering what the man understood . 
 desperately hoping he understood something . 
 shane licked his lips nervously . 
 `` do you want to hurt us ? '' 
 white shirt kept shuffling forward . 
 he had come within a single stride of the couch . 
 his good arm reached toward shane . 
 shane reached out with his own hand cautiously , the yellow rubber glove bright even in the dim light . 
 he reached out as if to shake . 
 and white shirt gripped his hand . 
 but his eyes were dead . 
 there was no sense of yearning , or sadness , or hunger -- or even rage -- in those eyes . 
 there was nothing human there at all . 
 shane felt white shirt 's fingers clamping down on his hand . 
 he felt his hand being pulled . 
 he saw white shirt 's lips drawing back , teeth bared , head bending toward shane 's arm . 
 and shane knew , in that instant , that sympathizing with one of these dead things was utter folly . 
 shane had the rum bottle by the neck in his other hand . 
 he swung the bottle into the side of white shirt 's head with all of his might . 
 the bottle exploded into shards of glass and a spray of rum . 
 the smell of the alcohol filled the air . 
 white shirt 's head was knocked to his left , his neck and shoulders following , throwing his weight onto his bad leg . 
 the leg folded sideways , and he toppled to the ground , almost pulling shane down with him . 
 but shane kept his feet , stumbling over white shirt 's body . 
 he stepped to white shirt 's far side , trying to pull his hand free . 
 when white shirt 's grip did n't loosen , shane raised his boot and stomped down on the man 's face with his heel . 
 white shirt still did n't let go . 
 in a sudden desperation , shane stomped on the man 's face again . 
 and again . 
 he kept stomping , driving his heel down onto the man 's face with mounting frenzy . 
 he felt the man 's bones collapsing with each cruel blow -- the nose flattening , the right cheek caving in , the eye socket 's rim crumpling , the teeth breaking loose . 
 but still the man would n't let go of shane 's hand . 
 shane 's fear and desperation grew with each stomp . 
 in just a few seconds he felt nearly unhinged from panic . 
 he gave up on the stomping , started a series of vicious kicks , driving his steel-toe into the man 's temple . 
 the side of the man 's head seemed to give way , to crumple inward , the eye on that side bulged and split like a grape . 
 and still the man would n't let go . 
 in utter panic , shane threw himself back from the white-shirt-wearing man . 
 he planted his feet , driving with his legs , leaning his whole body away . 
 and finally , abruptly , his hand slipped loose from the rubber glove . 
 the suddenness of the release sent shane sprawling to the floor . 
 he scrambled back quickly , a painful rawness in his throat telling him he 'd been screaming . 
 his back hit the secretary 's desk , and he stopped his scrambling , sat with his head spinning and his lungs burning , his eyes fixed on the prone body of the white shirt man . 
 a vivid surge of nausea flashed through him , and he pitched to his side , retching . 
 for a moment , everything was quiet , still . 
 and then shane heard a throaty gasp , a wet sucking-in of air . 
 a moment later , white shirt let out a moan . 
 and then he rolled to his side , his ruined head hanging loosely , and started trying to stand . 
 chapter 14 `` oh my god , '' shane said . 
 `` oh my god , no . '' 
 white shirt pushed himself up with his right arm , got his knees under him . 
 fear and horror and despair flooded through shane , the emotions making his eyes fill , his vision blur . 
 `` please , god , '' he said , `` please , no . '' 
 white shirt tried to stand , but his ruined leg would n't hold his weight . 
 he collapsed back to his knees . 
 shane pulled in a deep breath , blinking away the tears . 
 he pulled in another breath , concentrating on the feel of the air in his lungs , the burning in his throat . 
 white shirt tried to stand again , and fell once more . 
 he got to his knees , stayed there . 
 he swung his head around , searching . 
 he paused , head pointed in the direction of the couch . 
 he started crawling toward terrance . 
 shane took another deep breath , focusing on the feeling , trying to make his thoughts go calm . 
 trying to find stillness in his mind . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 and a moment later : `` okay . '' 
 he got to his feet . 
 he walked toward white shirt , reaching into his pocket . 
 he pulled the square lighter out . 
 it was the type of lighter with a flint-wheel and a cloth wick . 
 shane flicked the wheel , lighting the wick . 
 he grabbed white shirt by the collar , jerking him back from the couch . 
 he dragged the man away from terrance , and then touched the lighter to the man 's rum-soaked shirt . 
 the flame caught instantly , flaring so hot that shane could feel it through the rubber glove on his left hand . 
 he let go of white shirt , stepping back from the flame that quickly enveloped the man 's battered head . 
 acrid black smoke billowed up toward the skylight . 
 a rich , barbeque smell filled the air . 
 shane watched the smoke , wondering if the fire-sprinkler system was working , or if it was offline , like the lights . 
 white shirt let out another moan , rolling onto his belly , struggling onto his knees . 
 and then he fell back onto his belly . 
 his arms and legs moved for another several seconds , and then stopped . 
 the initial flare of the fire started to dim along the man 's head . 
 tongues of flame licked across his back , but died out as the shirt turned to ash . 
 the rum had burned off before the heat could build enough to ignite the man 's fat . 
 but apparently it had been enough to boil his brain , or to sear his lungs and suffocate him . 
 within a few minutes , the flames had almost entirely died . 
 the man 's head was blackened and charred , and the flames had burned a black halo in the carpet around his upper body . 
 shane went back to the couch , looked down at terrance . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said , `` we need to get your gun . '' 
 shane went to the janitor 's closet on the top floor , opened it and pulled out the cart . 
 he took all of the cleaning supplies off the cart , removed the trash bag that hung from it , and wheeled it over to the couch . 
 terrance still had n't moved . 
 shane watched him , counting slowly . 
 after thirty seconds terrance drew a shallow breath , and let it back out . 
 he was still alive . 
 shane pulled the top of the cart off , leaving the wheeled base , which he positioned on the floor near terrance 's upper body . 
 then he grabbed terrance by the front of his coveralls , and heaved him off the couch and onto the cart base . 
 the cart base was wide enough for his shoulders , but it was only long enough to support terrance from the nape of his neck to his lower back . 
 his head dangled off one end , and his hips and legs dangled off the other . 
 shane crossed terrance 's arms over his chest to keep them from dragging . 
 then he walked around to terrance 's legs , grabbed an ankle in each hand , and lifted . 
 he pulled terrance over to the elevator , dragging him by his legs . 
 the elevator opened immediately , and shane struggled terrance into it . 
 he turned and looked at the buttons , and noticed something . 
 there had been blood on the button for the fifth floor , which is what gave shane the clue that led him to terrance earlier in the day . 
 he 'd gotten blood on the elevator call button on the fifth floor himself , and wiped that off . 
 but he 'd never touched the blood on this button , inside the elevator , figuring terrance could and should be the one to do it . 
 there was no blood there now . 
 shane frowned , thinking . 
 it did n't look like terrance had done any cleaning on the fifth floor , and shane doubted he 'd gotten back in the elevator at all . 
 more likely he 'd stayed on the couch after shane left him , and had only moved to the bathroom later , when he 'd started throwing up . 
 who had cleaned this button ? 
 he crouched down to look at it . 
 there was no blood , but there was a thin film of something on the button , and smeared on the metal beside it . 
 something mostly clear , but with a slight sheen , like a snail 's trail . 
 along the edge of the button , the film was marked with a few small circles , as though there had been a slight froth of bubbles there , which had popped as the liquid dried . 
 shane stood back up , still thinking . 
 and then he thought of white shirt , kneeling in the elevator , licking terrance 's blood . 
 shane felt a crazy laugh bubbling up in him . 
 was that the answer ? 
 could it really be something that random ? 
 did white shirt remember how to press an elevator button , or had he pressed the button accidentally , while licking the blood off it ? 
 the laugh swelled in shane 's chest until he could n't hold it back . 
 he opened his mouth , letting the laughter pour forth . 
 he laughed all the air out of his lungs , went on wheezing . 
 his head swam and his knees felt suddenly weak , and he put a hand against the elevator wall to steady himself . 
 he gasped in another breath , and laughed that out too , his cheeks aching , his eyes flooded with tears . 
 heat rushing over him , his ribs sore . 
 the laughter sounded wild in his ears , maniacal , but he could n't hold it back . 
 he felt as if he was about to burst . 
 and then he caught a glimpse of terrance , just a glimpse , as if he were looking out at his coworker from within a fog of mirth . 
 terrance 's jaw was working , trying to open , but prevented from doing so by the belt wrapped around his head . 
 and his eyes were open , the whites bloodshot to vivid pink , the skin around them darkened even beyond the darkness of the rest of his face . 
 his eyes were open , looking at shane . 
 and his eyes looked confused . 
 it was n't the dead look shane had seen in the eyes of white shirt or flannel man . 
 it was a look of puzzlement . 
 exhaustion was in his eyes too , but confusion and curiosity were undeniably there . 
 the wild laughter that had possessed shane disappeared instantly , like a flame doused with water . 
 `` terrance ! '' 
 he said . 
 shane dropped to his knees , hands flying to the belt . 
 he loosened the belt , took it off of terrance 's head . 
 terrance moved his lips , trying to speak . 
 he pulled in a breath , and tried again . 
 `` crazy ? '' 
 he said in a murmur . 
 `` i 'm getting there , man , '' shane said , smiling . 
 `` i 'm getting there . 
 but not yet . '' 
 terrance 's eyes held that same puzzled look , but he did n't try to say anything else . 
 `` come on , '' shane said . 
 `` we 're going to get your gun . '' 
 he reached out and hit the button for the ground floor . 
 the doors slid shut , and the elevator started its descent . 
 chapter 15 as the elevator neared the ground floor , shane abruptly tensed . 
 was there going to be anyone else waiting for them when the doors opened ? 
 he pushed terrance toward the back . 
 the thick end of the pool cue was on the elevator floor . 
 shane snatched it up , held it in front of him like a knife . 
 the elevator dinged and the doors opened . 
 there was n't anyone directly in front of them , just the flannel man 's motionless body off to the side . 
 shane stuck his head out , looked around the dim floor . 
 the light streaming down from the skylight in the roof , five stories up , cast a weak illumination on the center of the floor . 
 but the sides of the rooms were shaded by the upper floors , and the weak light made the shadowed areas seem even darker . 
 shane ducked back into the elevator . 
 he dropped the broken pool cue , grabbed terrance 's boots , and pulled him out . 
 the wheels bumped going over the gap between the elevator and the floor , and the bump made terrance 's arms slide off his chest , so they dragged on the ground . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 he stopped pulling , put terrance 's heels down and went back to do something about his hands . 
 he saw terrance 's eyes watching him as he kneeled . 
 `` got ta keep your hands from dragging , '' he said . 
 terrance 's chin dipped in an almost imperceptible nod . 
 his eyes blinked . 
 shane took his hands , crossed them over his chest again . 
 he did n't have anything to loop around terrance 's wrists , to keep his hands together . 
 he did n't have any rope or string , not even a trash bag . 
 he did n't want to leave terrance behind while he looked for something . 
 but he had an idea . 
 the coveralls they wore had a zipper that went down the front , from neck to crotch . 
 they also had a button at the neck , which shane had never used . 
 now he fastened terrance 's button , and started pulling his zipper . 
 his plan was to open the zipper to just below his hands , and then to curl terrance 's fingers around the edges of the open zipper . 
 he hoped the button would keep the front of the coveralls taut enough to hold terrance 's hands in place . 
 he pulled the zipper down to just below terrance 's sternum . 
 there was something there , on his chest , glimmering in the dim light . 
 a thick gold cross , hanging from a heavy chain . 
 it looked like it needed a polish -- certainly did n't look new -- but shane had never seen it before . 
 shane took hold of the chain with both hands , slipped it over terrance 's head . 
 he held it up , looking at the length of the chain , the size of the cross , considering . 
 perhaps he could use it to bind terrance 's hands together . 
 he looked back at terrance . 
 terrance was watching him carefully . 
 his eyes looked sunken and bloodshot , but his gaze was intent . 
 `` i can use the chain to hold your hands together , '' shane said . 
 terrance 's nose moved to the side slightly , a hint of a headshake telling shane no . 
 `` you want me to put it back on your neck ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 there was a moment 's pause , terrance watching him . 
 and then another tiny headshake . 
 `` want me to put it in your pocket or something ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 terrance 's nose twitched again , another headshake . 
 `` what do you want me to do with it , then ? '' 
 terrance pulled in a deep breath . 
 it took him a long time to do it , and he paused at one point , as if he had to gather his energy in order to keep drawing air . 
 he breathed it back out , lips forming the air into words . 
 `` shai ... lene , '' he said . 
 `` shailene ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` whose shailene ? '' 
 another slow breath . 
 `` bay ... be . '' 
 `` baby ? 
 shailene 's your baby ? 
 you got a kid ? '' 
 terrance frowned . 
 frustration showed in his eyes . 
 `` is she your girlfriend ? '' 
 a sudden thought came to shane . 
 `` she 's your baby mama ? '' 
 the chin dip : yes . 
 `` you want me to give this chain to your baby mama ? '' 
 there was a fierce look in terrance 's eye , and his chin dipped again . 
 `` man , you can give it to her yourself , '' shane said . 
 terrance 's eyes blazed with frustration . 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` alright , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'll hold onto it for now . 
 if something happens to you , i 'll make sure she gets it . '' 
 another chin dip . 
 a look of profound relief came to life in terrance 's eyes , and a moment after that , a look of sadness . 
 his eyelids closed , and a tear rolled out of the corner of each eye , racing across his temples . 
 `` alright , '' shane said , standing . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he put the chain and cross in his pocket . 
 `` let 's go get your gun . '' 
 shane took hold of terrance 's feet , lifted them and dragged him reverse-wheelbarrow style . 
 and then , as he came out from under the second floor overhang and into the dim light of the open floor , a sound made him freeze in place , goosebumps prickling his skin . 
 it started out as an eerie moan , from up and to the right . 
 but then a second moan joined it , coming from the left . 
 and then a third and fourth moan added to the sound , from somewhere higher up . 
 the moans continued , long and mournful , swelling in volume as the new voices joined , and yet not blending in any harmonious way . 
 it was a discordant , haunting , horrible sound . 
 shane turned his head slowly , almost too afraid to look . 
 he raised his eyes to the second floor railing . 
 the noob in the black hoodie was there , standing at the second floor railing like a specter of death , his face hidden in the hood 's shadow . 
 there was another figure up on the third floor , dressed in a sky-blue v-neck shirt . 
 and on the fourth floor -- the home floor for team cream -- a fat , pasty-faced man with an oversized diamond drawn on his shirt , and a ball cap backward on his head , loomed at the railing , shane watched them , horrified , as they tipped over the railing one by one , plummeting toward the ground floor . 
 chapter 16 the fat man flipped as he fell , and his head struck the railing on the third floor with an awful , metallic clang , knocking the ball cap loose . 
 the force of that impact projected him farther out into the room and amplified the speed of his flipping body , whipping him head over heels . 
 his face dashed against the ground an instant before his heavy body , so that his head was wrenched backwards before being crushed beneath his shoulders , the impact shaking the floor beneath shane 's feet . 
 he lay motionless after landing . 
 black hoodie and the man in the blue v-neck were much lighter . 
 v-neck came down flat on a conference table , his hands and knees hitting first , his face cracking into the wood an instant later . 
 he was dragging himself off the table before black hoodie crashed down atop a plush leather chair . 
 after the initial shocked pause , shane did n't hesitate . 
 he tightened his grip on terrance 's ankles , and leaned forward into a sprint . 
 he did n't make it three steps . 
 there had been four voices moaning in the eerie chorus . 
 the fourth voice belonged to the man in the polo shirt , who shane had seen earlier that morning , in front of his computer on the second floor . 
 polo shirt came down from the landing just above shane 's head , crashing bodily into terrance 's uplifted legs . 
 the impact knocked shane 's grip loose , and the man 's weight dropped onto his own legs , tumbling him forward in a sprawl . 
 he got his hands in front of him in time to keep his face from hitting the floor , but a flash of sharp pain shot up his left arm from the wrist . 
 shane rolled desperately , jamming his right hand -- still bare since he 'd lost that glove to white shirt on the top floor -- into his pocket for the lime knife . 
 polo shirt had skidded on his face as he hit , raw rug-burns pinking his cheek . 
 but his dead eyes showed no sign of pain , and his fingers clawed at shane 's pant leg . 
 shane 's right hand found the knife . 
 he jerked it out of his pocket , pulled the sheath free , and bent forward to jam the knife into polo shirt 's wrist . 
 the point of the blade slipped between a bone and tendon just behind the man 's thumb , opening the artery , hot blood spurting out over shane 's bare hand . 
 shane twisted the blade and ripped downward , severing the tendons . 
 the man 's fingers went limp . 
 the man grabbed at shane 's leg with the other hand , but shane kicked the hand away before he could catch hold . 
 he scrambled out of reach and got to his feet . 
 polo shirt planted his hands , trying to stand . 
 before he could , shane stepped in and punted the man in the jaw with all of his strength . 
 the man 's mouth smashed shut , white shards of teeth flying like sparks , and his head whipped back . 
 before he got his hands beneath him again , shane skirted around , grabbed his feet , and hauled him back away from terrance . 
 he dragged him a few yards out of the way , dropped him and ran back toward his coworker . 
 terrance lay on the ground beside the cart base . 
 as shane came near , his urgency wavered toward despair . 
 one of the cart wheels had broken off . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 he looked over his shoulder . 
 polo shirt was only about twelve feet back , and he was already getting to his feet . 
 v-neck was another ten yards farther away , but he was lurching forward steadily , with black hoodie close on his heels . 
 the fat man was the only one who had n't come through the fall in walking condition . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said again . 
 he moved to terrance 's head , grabbed two fistfuls of his uniform , and started trying to drag him across the floor . 
 the friction of the carpet against terrance 's coveralls was too much -- shane 's fingers slipped loose , unable to keep their grip . 
 polo shirt had already covered half the distance , he 'd be there in another few seconds . 
 growing desperate , shane hauled terrance up to a sitting position , squatted behind him , and wrapped his arms around terrance 's chest . 
 he locked his fingers together , straightened his back , and heaved himself up to his feet . 
 terrance 's weight almost made him lose his balance , but he managed to keep from falling . 
 as soon as he found his feet , he started stumbling backwards , terrance 's heels dragging on the floor . 
 he made it about a dozen steps , his heart thundering , his lungs burning from the effort . 
 sharp pains sliced through his lower back , the edges of his vision started to dim . 
 it took everything he had to keep his fingers -- slippery from blood and sweat -- clenched together . 
 and all the while polo shirt followed after , moving almost as fast as shane . 
 as shane reached the mouth of the tunnel he lurched toward its side , thinking he 'd use it to break his fall if he fainted . 
 instead , as he came near the metal ribbing that supported the first ring of light , terrance reached out and hooked it with his fingers . 
 that tiny resistance was all it took -- shane lost his grip , and he and terrance slid to the floor . 
 `` what the fuck , terrance ? '' 
 shane said , gasping . 
 he grabbed the front of terrance 's uniform with his hands , tried to lift him . 
 but his fingers had gone weak , and his legs felt rubbery . 
 shane glanced over his shoulder again . 
 polo shirt was less than five feet away . 
 shane looked back at terrance , trying to think of a better way to lift him , a better place to grab hold . 
 and then he glanced at terrance 's eyes . 
 sunken almost into his head , bloodshot to the point they 'd passed from pink toward red , terrance 's eyes held shane 's with their intensity . 
 his beleaguered co-worker pulled in a laborious breath . 
 `` go , '' he said , the word adamant despite how quietly it was spoken . 
 shane looked in terrance 's eyes for a moment longer , startled by the resolve he saw there . 
 and then he heard polo shirt 's moan in his ear , felt the man 's fingers brushing his shoulder . 
 he let go of terrance 's coveralls , stumbled back away from him . 
 before he 'd taken a third step , polo shirt knelt over terrance and sank his teeth into the fallen man 's neck . 
 there was a soft gurgling sound , red froth spilling over polo shirt 's lips . 
 and then polo shirt raised his head , tearing out the front of terrance 's throat . 
 blood welled from the wound , spilling over the sides of terrance 's neck . 
 the smell hit shane 's nose , sharp as metal . 
 he stumbled back another step , unable to look away . 
 the man in the v-neck came up to terrance , kneeling beside polo shirt like a fellow penitent in a church . 
 v-neck reached forward with his hands , clawing at the coveralls and the skin beneath , ripping his way into terrance 's belly . 
 he sank his hands into the bloody mess and brought a clutch of guts up to his mouth , blood and viscera smearing his cheeks . 
 shane 's head swam . 
 dots of light danced in his vision . 
 he stumbled back from the horrible scene , his eyes filling with tears that made his vision blur . 
 he vaguely saw that black hoodie had arrived , was dipping his head toward terrance 's corpse like a third pig feasting at a trough . 
 shane wrenched his eyes away , turned and ran down the garishly-lit tunnel . 
 chapter 17 he stumbled into the lobby , its blaring music battering his rattled senses . 
 a motion to his right made him turn his head and look . 
 the smoked-glass of the front doors showed the silhouettes of three people . 
 they stood there , clawing and banging at the doors . 
 were they drawn by the lobby 's blaring music ? 
 were they zappow ! 
 employees , come to the office to work ? 
 he did n't know . 
 but something about their postures , something in the nature of their movements -- slow and mindlessly repetitive -- made shane sure of one thing : they were infected . 
 he ducked low and hurried across the lobby , staying close to the far wall so that his shadow had no chance of reaching the smoked glass . 
 he made it to the door on the far side , reached for the handle with one hand , dipping his other hand through the pocket slit in his coveralls , fishing for his keys . 
 he pulled the keys out , thumbed through them for the key to this door , found it and jammed it into the keyhole . 
 he turned the key , and pulled the door open . 
 and came face to face with another man . 
 in that initial moment , shane 's brain took in a few quick details . 
 the man was short and portly , a few inches lower in height than shane , at least twenty or thirty pounds greater in weight . 
 he had close-cropped hair on the sides of his head , but his high , gleaming forehead indicated a receding hairline , which meant the short haircut was probably a cover for his baldness . 
 his face , from the nose down , was covered with dried blood . 
 and his eyes were bloodshot and dead . 
 as if to erase any doubt , the man let out a moan and reached for shane with both hands . 
 shane swung the door shut mid-moan , slamming it on the man 's fingers . 
 he heard the bones crack , saw the second finger bend backwards , but the moan rolled forth as steady as if the man did n't feel a thing . 
 the man forced the door open , and shane stepped back . 
 he had the keychain in his hand . 
 he jerked the chain loose from the coil housing , swung the heavy ring around his head like a bull-roarer , and whipped it into the man 's face . 
 the ring busted , sending keys flying like shrapnel . 
 the impact opened a handful of cuts on the man 's face and bloodied his eye . 
 but it did n't slow him down . 
 he caught shane by the collar with one hand , and reached forward with the other . 
 shane stumbled back , dragging the man off his footing , using their combined momentum to keep the man from getting a two-handed grip . 
 they banged into the edge of the reception desk , the force great enough to knock the air out of shane 's lungs , to drive his shoulders and back up onto the desk 's surface . 
 shane brought his knees up between them , holding the man back . 
 the man pressed forward , his weight sliding shane across the desk . 
 he reached with his neck , trying to bring his teeth to shane 's face . 
 a fleck of spittle dropped from his mouth onto shane 's chest . 
 shane got his foot flat against the man 's chest and shoved as hard as he could . 
 there was a ripping sound of shane 's collar giving way , and the man flew backwards , crashing onto his back on the floor . 
 shane turned on his side , snatched up the receptionist 's stapler . 
 he threw it at the portly man with all of his strength . 
 it hit the man above his right eyebrow , ripping a flap out of his forehead . 
 a trickle of blood started , running into his eye . 
 the man got back up as if he had n't even noticed . 
 shane darted a glance at the desk , saw a mug filled with pens . 
 he grabbed the mug and threw it , the pens spraying out as it flew . 
 the mug glanced off the man 's head , spun through the air , and smashed into the smoked glass of the front door , cracking it . 
 and that caught the attention of the people on the other side of the glass . 
 they started beating their hands against the doors with renewed interest , making the glass rattle and shake . 
 the crack grew in length with each blow . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 he turned onto his knees , picked up the receptionist 's computer monitor , yanked it loose from its chords . 
 and then he jumped off the desk , bringing the monitor down with both hands , smashing its edge into the man 's bald head with all of his strength . 
 the man 's head split beneath the edge of the monitor . 
 he fell onto his back and did n't move . 
 but the people on the other side of the glass were now throwing themselves against it bodily . 
 the crack grew , spreading out in several directions like a spider 's web . 
 shane ran back toward the door to the hallway . 
 he tried the handle , but it had locked again . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he said . 
 the keys were spread out all over the floor , scattered across the carpet in a wide spray . 
 he dropped to his knees and started snatching them up , looking at the numbers printed on them . 
 he knew the hallway door was stamped with the number 14l . 
 there was a loud cracking sound . 
 shane paused in his search , turned a horrified look to the glass doors . 
 the spider-web cracks had spread almost all of the way across the affected panel of glass , and the glass itself was bulging inward at the center . 
 as shane watched , a crack in the glass raced to the panel 's edge , and abruptly the whole panel gave way , shards raining down to the floor . 
 a thin man , his hair dyed a vivid pink , was at the front of the outside group . 
 he fell forward as the glass gave way , impaling himself on several jagged shards sticking up from the panel 's frame . 
 another man fell forward with him , landing across his back . 
 before the second man could get to his feet , a woman in a plaid skirt , her hair pulled back in twin braids , lurched across his body , making her way inside . 
 there was another man behind her . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he snatched up another key , saw that it was printed with the number 26j . 
 this was the key to the cleaning company lounge , to open the door if you did n't have a keycard . 
 he gripped it in his sweating palm , went on searching for 14l . 
 the woman had reached the portly man whose head shane had split . 
 she did n't stop , just lurched past him on her way toward shane . 
 `` why do n't they fucking go after each other ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` fuckers ! '' 
 he heard a moan from across the back of the lobby , and glanced in that direction . 
 black hoodie was just emerging from the tunnel , his face smeared with blood up past his eyebrows . 
 v-neck was close behind . 
 shane looked back at the keys around his knees . 
 he 'd already looked at them all , and dropped them in a pile . 
 where was 14l ? 
 he scanned the nearby area . 
 and he saw it , resting near the foot of a cardboard cutout of a weasel in a leatherjacket . 
 he crawled to it quickly , snatched it up . 
 then he looked back at twin braids . 
 she 'd closed to within a few paces of the hall door . 
 he would n't have time to unlock it and slip through before she got to him . 
 he picked up the cutout , gripped it in both hands . 
 he let out a yell , ran toward twin braids , holding the cutout like a shield . 
 he smashed it into her , knocking her off her feet , shoving her back . 
 she crashed into the man behind her as she fell . 
 shane ran back to the door , jammed 14l into the lock . 
 he twisted the key , but he had n't gotten it far enough in . 
 the key bent without moving the lock 's tumblers . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he said , almost lost to panic . 
 black hoodie was only a few steps away . 
 shane carefully bent the key back to a semblance of its original alignment . 
 he jammed it the rest of the way into the keyhole , gingerly turned it . 
 the handle unlocked . 
 `` thank fuck ! '' 
 he said , jerking the door open . 
 black hoodie reached for him , moaning , his fingers brushing shane 's back . 
 but shane whipped himself around the door , and slammed it shut behind him . 
 he stood at the door , gripping the handle in both hands , ready to hold it if they pulled . 
 the door shook and rattled . 
 a few blows even glanced off the handle , jolting it in shane 's hands . 
 but hitting the handle would n't open it , and none of the people tried to use a key . 
 shane let go of the handle , took a few cautious steps back . 
 a few more blows against the door , but they were n't getting through . 
 `` thank god , '' shane said , leaning up against a wall , his hands braced on his knees . 
 he took a few minutes to catch his breath , looking down at his hands . 
 his hands . 
 his bloody hands . 
 the left hand was still covered by a rubber glove , but the right was bare . 
 he 'd lost that glove to white shirt , up on the fifth floor , and now polo shirt 's blood had splattered all over his bare skin . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said , panic gripping him . 
 he ran down the hall and kicked open the bathroom door . 
 chapter 18 shane ran to the nearest sink , thrust his hands into its basin . 
 the sink 's sensor flashed red and the faucet squirted a cupful of lukewarm water . 
 and then it shut off , hardly having moistened his hands . 
 `` do n't fuck with me now , '' shane said , moving his hands up and down in front of the sensor . 
 `` do not fuck with me right now ! '' 
 the sensor flashed again . 
 the faucet squirted another short blast of water . 
 shane rubbed his hands together desperately , scrubbing the rubber-gloved fingers of his left hand over the bare palm of his right . 
 polo shirt 's blood , which had begun to turn tacky like syrup , thinned with the water and smeared over shane 's skin . 
 a few drops fell into the sink , bright pink against the white porcelain . 
 shane moved his hands up and down in front of the sensor desperately . 
 the red light flashed , but the faucet gave no more water . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he shouted , striking the faucet with the heel of his left hand . 
 the light blinked again , but still no water . 
 he ran to the back of the room , grabbed the handle to the janitor 's closet . 
 it was locked , and the key was probably scattered on the lobby floor with the rest . 
 `` fuck ! 
 fuck ! 
 fuck ! '' 
 he shouted , kicking the handle with each epithet . 
 on the third kick there was a loud cracking sound , and the handle moved with his kick , pointed straight toward the ceiling . 
 shane grabbed the handle , wrenched the door open and swung it so hard that it slammed against the wall and cracked the nearest mirror . 
 he dove toward the janitor 's sink , twisted the hot water tap on full with his left hand , thrusting his right hand into the faucet 's stream . 
 `` fuckfuckfuck ! '' 
 he said , watching the water spray over his hand . 
 he grabbed a can of powdered cleaner from the shelf , shook it onto his wet hand . 
 he scrubbed the powder to blue paste , scouring his skin . 
 and then another panicked thought came into his head : what if the powder was abrasive enough to tear his skin , giving polo shirt 's blood an entryway that it had n't had before . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said , almost in a whimper . 
 he washed his hand carefully , thoroughly . 
 he held it in the stream of water as the water turned scalding hot , and he held it there for another minute , until the heat was unbearable . 
 and then he looked at his hand in the dim light , examined the pink skin for cuts or scrapes . 
 his heart sank when he turned his hand over , and saw that his knuckles were chapped and scraped . 
 was the damage deep enough in his skin to let polo shirt 's blood mix with his own ? 
 would he get infected , too ? 
 he stood there for several minutes , until the steam from the sink started to thicken the air of the closet , and moisture gathered on his face like sweat . 
 `` well , '' he said , `` nothing you can do about it now , but hope . '' 
 he felt a hollow emptiness in his chest , a void of hope , but he took a deep breath and tried to ignore it . 
 and then he left the bathroom and made his way down the hallway , toward the cleaning company 's lounge . 
 despite the way the world itself seemed to be falling apart , the cleaning company lounge looked the same as it always did : uncomfortable , uninviting , stagnant . 
 shane made his way around the table , went to terrance 's locker . 
 he took hold of the lock and jerked it , but it did n't open . 
 it was a combination lock , and shane had no way of knowing the combination . 
 he did n't feel like trying to figure it out , either . 
 he started looking around the room for something he could use to break it . 
 his eyes fell on the time clock . 
 it was a heavy , clunky cube , about six inches to a side . 
 in the time he 'd been working for the cleaning company , he 'd grown to hate the damned thing . 
 shane had been reprimanded for being late more than for anything else , and it was this time clock , and the little numbers it printed on the time cards , that provided the proof of his lateness . 
 he walked over to the clock , picked it up . 
 he looked down at its face , the hands for the hours and minutes , the second hand a little twitching splinter of metal that never stopped . 
 `` little fucker , '' he said , speaking to the clock . 
 `` sitting there like some small god , controlling time . 
 ratting me out again and again . '' 
 he lifted the clock , held it with both hands , testing its heft . 
 he could feel the subtle vibrations made by the clock 's internal gears , the second hand ticking almost like a tiny heart . 
 `` but terrance beat you , '' shane said , a sudden wild grin splitting his face . 
 `` terrance found out how to make you dance to his tune . 
 terrance never showed up on time , not a day in his life , but you always punched his card with four o’clock on the dot . '' 
 shane looked at the time cards in their rack on the wall , lost in a moment of thought . 
 `` how the fuck did he do it , anyway ? '' 
 he said . 
 he shook his head , looked back at the clock 's face . 
 `` guess i 'll never know , '' he said . 
 `` not like you 're gon na tell me , anyway . 
 your time is up . '' 
 shane reached out , took hold of the clock 's power chord , jerked it out of the wall . 
 the second hand , the relentless twitching little hand that had spelled so much trouble for shane , stopped . 
 `` eight fifty seven , and thirty seven seconds , '' shane said , `` the end of this little god 's reign . '' 
 he walked back over to terrance 's locker , gripped the clock with both hands , and smashed it down against the lock . 
 it took him a couple tries , and he dented both the clock and the locker itself , before the combination lock snapped open . 
 shane tossed the clock onto the table , pulled the lock loose and tossed that too . 
 he opened the latch , paused a moment , thinking of terrance . 
 he swung the locker open . 
 terrance had folded his jacket and left it on the floor of the locker . 
 the jacket was dark denim , and there was a little scrap of yellow paper sitting on top of it : a post-it note , folded in half so its tacky strip was stuck to itself . 
 shane reached down and picked up the post-it note . 
 he turned the note over , puzzled for a moment by what he saw there . 
 and then comprehension hit him . 
 `` son of a bitch , '' he said . 
 `` that clever son of a bitch . '' 
 he started laughing , a sudden tears flowing from his eyes . 
 the note had two things printed on it , one above the other , both lined up right against the edge of the post-it note . 
 shane recognized the prints -- they were fragments of time marks made by the time clock . 
 the first fragment was `` 57 a.m. '' , and the fragment directly beneath it , which had been printed upside down , was `` 5 : '' . 
 terrance had shown up at 4:57 , covered the minute section of his time card with the post-it note , and punched his time . 
 the `` 4 : '' went on his time card , the `` 57 a.m. '' went on the post-it . 
 then he 'd pulled the card out , moved the post-it to cover the hour section , and waited three minutes . 
 one more punch , to get the `` :00 am '' on his time card . 
 and there you had it , four o’clock on the dot . 
 `` terrance , '' shane said , wiping the tears from his eyes , `` you were a fucking genius . '' 
 chapter 19 the gun was in the folded-up denim jacket . 
 he picked it up , surprised by how heavy it was . 
 he turned it in his hands , looking at it . 
 shane did n't know much about guns . 
 when he was a kid , his dad had dragged him along on a few turkey hunts . 
 but they 'd used shotguns for that , and this was a pistol , and shane had never really liked the feel of a gun in his hands , anyway . 
 he still did n't really like the feel of it , to tell the truth . 
 the gun was made from polished chrome . 
 it felt cold to the touch , colder than the temperature of the air . 
 and wherever he touched the gun , he left prints and smudges on the shining metal . 
 holding it made him feel dirty . 
 it made him feel nervous , too . 
 he looked at the hole the bullets came out of , surprised by how large it was . 
 just looking in the hole made his throat feel tight , despite the fact that he was the one holding the gun . 
 still , coffee mugs and staplers and his own steel-toed boots had n't been the most effective means of defense . 
 a gun would be better , surely , and that meant he 'd rather have one in his hands than be without . 
 and if he was going to have one , he 'd better try to understand how it worked . 
 the gun had a squared handle . 
 it looked like the type of guns you saw in cop-movies , not the type you saw in westerns . 
 that meant the bullets were in a magazine in the handle . 
 there was a little lever on the side of the handle . 
 he pushed the lever , and the bottom of the handle jolted open . 
 he grabbed the bottom and pulled it out . 
 there were twelve blunt little bullets in the magazine , and he knew from the movies that there might be another in the chamber . 
 he jammed the magazine back into the handle , surprised by how hard he had to push before it clicked into place . 
 the next thing he looked for was the safety . 
 the shotgun he 'd used as a kid had a button safety right in front of the trigger guard . 
 push the big side of the button in , on the trigger guard 's right side , and the trigger would n't move , the gun would n't shoot . 
 push the small side of the button in , on the guard 's left side , and the gun was ready to fire . 
 but this handgun did n't have any such button . 
 that made him even more nervous . 
 without the safety , he felt like the gun could go off at any time . 
 he felt almost like he was holding a bomb . 
 he pushed the thought out of his head , willfully forced down the nervousness he felt . 
 he kept examining the gun , saw that the trigger actually looked like it was made of two pieces . 
 it looked like there was a larger trigger cradling a smaller one . 
 he touched the outer trigger with his fingernail , pulled it very gently . 
 the trigger did n't move . 
 he put the tip of his finger against that outer trigger 's edge , pulled gently . 
 did n't budge . 
 he pulled a little harder , increasing the pressure carefully . 
 the trigger still did n't move . 
 he touched the inner trigger gently . 
 it sank into the larger trigger , he kept pulling , gently . 
 the larger trigger started to sink back . 
 he pulled a little harder , still being very careful , still paying close attention to the amount of pressure , all of his mind focused on that finger . 
 with a shocking `` pop ! '' 
 , the gun fired . 
 it startled shane so much that he dropped the gun . 
 it bounced off his steel toe , clattered to the floor . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he said , his heart racing , his ears ringing . 
 he looked at the wall , saw a small , round hole that had n't been there before . 
 `` well , '' he said , catching his breath , `` i guess that 's the safety . 
 you have to pull the inner trigger down before the outer trigger moves . '' 
 he picked the gun back up , and put it on the table in front of him . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 he asked the empty room . 
 a sudden buzzing against his right thigh made him jump . 
 he flicked his hand at it , as if it were a bee he meant to crush . 
 but his fingers hit something hard and flat beneath the fabric , and then he remembered : terrance 's phone . 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled the phone out . 
 another little exclamation point , another new message beneath it . 
 before shane had read the first word , the phone buzzed in his hand , startling him again . 
 he flinched , and the phone flipped up into the air . 
 it bounced off the lounge table , and clattered to the floor on the far side . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he made his way around the table , picked the phone up off the floor , and looked at its screen . 
 two exclamation points , and a long message he had to scroll through to reach the end . 
 the message read : `` -lrb- cont . -rrb- 
 -- close all access to aforementioned areas of highest reported incident rates . 
 citizens currently within affected areas should be aware that no emergency services will be available in the immediate future . 
 evacuation crews are being assembled -- further details to come . 
 remain indoors with entrances secured until further notice . '' 
 `` ` close all access , '' ' shane said . 
 `` ` no emergency services . ' 
 what the fuck ? 
 they 're just going to leave people on their own ? '' 
 there was a little arrow at the top of the message , pointing left . 
 shane swiped his finger across the screen in the indicated direction , bringing up the previous message . 
 it read : `` unknown pathogen outbreak continues . 
 greatest number of reported incidents appear to be concentrated in south beach/mission bay area , though incidents also reported in portrero hill , mission , soma , and marina neighborhoods . 
 police to -- '' for a long , quiet moment , shane held the phone and stared at its screen . 
 his eyes were focused on the words , but he was n't taking them in . 
 and then , finally , it clicked in his brain . 
 he raised his head abruptly , and cursed . 
 `` they 're shutting down south beach , which means they 're shutting down townson . 
 and if emergency services wo n't be available in shut down areas , there 's not going to be any medical help here for hours . '' 
 he raised his left hand , looked at the scrapes on his knuckles . 
 `` if i 'm infected , how long do i have ? '' 
 he looked at the phone , thinking . 
 `` terrance got bit just before he came in to work , which was probably just before five . 
 what time was it when he had the seizure ? '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , thumping the heel of his hand against his forehead repeatedly . 
 `` seven thirty , it was just before seven thirty . 
 he got bitten again maybe fifteen minutes after that . 
 he was pretty much gone by just after eight . 
 i might have less than three hours . 
 and they 're shutting this area down now , shutting out all emergency services . '' 
 his eyes snapped open . 
 `` i need to get the fuck out of here right now ! '' 
 chapter 20 shane jammed the phone into his pocket , snatched up the gun with his other hand , and ran to the lounge door . 
 he opened the door , looked out into the hallway : nothing but white walls and harsh lights , the shining linoleum floor . 
 he stepped through , hurried to the end of the hall , opened that door and looked out . 
 the alley looked empty . 
 he slipped through the alley door , shut it quietly behind him . 
 he looked to his left , toward the alley 's dead end , and then to his right toward the street . 
 there was no one there . 
 he was safe , and he was outside . 
 it had only been a few hours since he 'd entered the zappow ! 
 building , but being out in the open air felt very strange . 
 there was n't anything different about the alley than normal , at least nothing he could put his finger on . 
 but it felt different . 
 he felt different . 
 a cool breeze drifted up the alley . 
 shane filled his lungs with fresh air . 
 his level of anxiety dropped a bit farther from total panic . 
 just getting out of the building was a relief . 
 he lifted his eyes to glance at the thin ribbon of sky between the zappow ! 
 building and its neighbor , saw a blanket of thick grey clouds , no blue sky or sun visible -- a typical san francisco summer day . 
 he looked back down the alley , toward the street . 
 there was a man there now , lurching along in the middle of the street . 
 he wore a tight white tee-shirt , and the front of it was covered with a red wash of blood . 
 `` shit , '' shane said quietly . 
 his hand tightened on the gun 's handle , but he did n't raise the gun yet , did n't move at all . 
 `` keep walking , just keep walking , '' he whispered . 
 but the man did n't keep walking . 
 instead he stopped abruptly , lifted his head as though he were listening to something . 
 his mouth hung open loosely , a long cord of drool dangled from his lower lip . 
 `` just keep walking , '' shane whispered , gripping the gun . 
 `` come on . '' 
 the man swiveled his head toward shane . 
 he let out a long moan . 
 `` fuck , '' shane said . 
 shane raised the gun , holding his arm out straight , aiming for the man 's face . 
 the man took a lurching step toward the alley , and shane pulled the trigger . 
 there was a loud pop that bounced off the walls with a harsh sound like the air itself was ripping . 
 the gun jerked in shane 's hand , its muzzle twitching upward . 
 but nothing else happened . 
 the man kept lurching forward as if he had n't heard , or did n't care about , the sound of the gun . 
 shane saw no sign that a bullet had hit him or anything else . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 shane said , incredulous . 
 the man was almost at the edge of the asphalt , about fifteen yards away . 
 the rope of drool hanging from his lip swung back and forth like a pendulum . 
 shane turned sideways , squeezed his left eye shut , looking along the length of his outstretched arm -- and the end of the gun 's muzzle beyond that -- with his right eye . 
 he aimed the gun 's muzzle at the man 's nose . 
 he pulled the trigger again . 
 another pop , and a sign above the entrance of a café on the other side of the street abruptly shattered . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` am i that bad of a shot ? '' 
 by this time the man had stepped up onto the wide sidewalk . 
 his dead eyes were trained on shane . 
 both his arms were stretched out straight , eager to grab hold . 
 he was no more than a dozen yards away . 
 shane dropped his aim to the center of the man 's chest . 
 he sighted along the length of his arm with his right eye . 
 he pulled in a breath and held it . 
 he squeezed the trigger instead of pulling it , and he squeezed off two shots instead of one . 
 the first shot hit the man in the upper left shoulder , jolting him as if he 'd been shoved , twisting him at the waist . 
 the second shot missed the man entirely . 
 the man stumbled a step to the side , found his balance , and continued toward shane , a bloody mark blooming on his white tee-shirt . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 shane said , dropping his arm . 
 he lifted his arm again to aim , pulled in another quick breath , and squeezed off two more shots . 
 both shots caught the man in the lower abdomen ; shane could tell because of the fresh blood that started darkening the stain over the man 's belly . 
 but the bullets seemed to pass right through , not even slowing him down . 
 he 'd reached the mouth of the alley . 
 `` how many shots is that ? '' 
 shane said , thinking . 
 `` six . 
 plus the bullet in the company lounge . 
 seven shots . '' 
 he shook his head , angry . 
 `` i 've already used more than half of the bullets , and the guy 's still coming . '' 
 shane lifted the gun again , trained it on the man 's mouth . 
 but he did n't pull the trigger yet . 
 the man took one lurching step after another , his pace never changing . 
 his eyes showed no concern , no sense that he recognized any danger from shane or the gun . 
 the blood flowing from his wounds had soaked the bottom of the front of his shirt , had begun to wet his thighs , but his face showed no indication that he felt any pain from the wounds . 
 shane held the gun out , arm straight . 
 he waited until the man 's hands had almost reached his own , until the muzzle of the gun was less than a yard from the man 's yawning mouth . 
 and then he pulled the trigger . 
 the man 's head snapped back , his knees buckled , and he fell to the ground like a marionette with its strings cut . 
 his left arm sprawled across the floor of the alley , fingers coming to rest less than four inches from shane 's right foot . 
 a mist of blood hung in the air just behind where his head had been . 
 `` fuck , '' shane muttered , stepping back from the body and the settling mist . 
 he took another step back as the man 's blood began to flow across the alley floor . 
 and then another pair of lurchers came around the corner of the alley from the sidewalk . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 shane said . 
 he stepped around the fallen man , raised the gun and started walking toward the mouth of the alley . 
 `` five bullets left , '' he said , aiming for the nearest lurcher . 
 and then another came around the corner . 
 shane stopped . 
 he took a step backward . 
 another came around the corner . 
 the first two trained their eyes on him , lifted their arms , started advancing . 
 a fifth lurcher came around the corner . 
 and then a sixth . 
 `` what the fuck ! '' 
 shane said . 
 `` did they hear the gunshots or what ? '' 
 he started backing up . 
 he passed the fallen man , stopped at the door back into the zappow ! 
 building . 
 he kept his eyes on the nearest of the shuffling group , and reached for the door handle . 
 it was locked . 
 to be continued in zombie city : episode 2 ### thanks for reading ! 
 if you liked the story , please leave a review , or tell a friend . 
 - if you 'd like insider info about new releases and special deals , click here to sign up for m.f. soriano 's mailing list . 
 other titles by m.f. soriano blood brothers -lrb- a fantasy novel -rrb- grillis . 
 athemon . 
 verlvik . 
 three young men , struggling to survive in a world where monsters roam , and where men are monstrous . 
 a world where a single stroke of an axe can start a series of events that will threaten an entire nation . 
 a world where brotherhood offers the only hope of redemption , and brotherhood is n't something you 're born into , it 's something you earn . 
 the electrolive murders -lrb- a hardboiled sci-fi novelette -rrb- when a rich old man is brutally murdered , detective richard dashiell loses all patience for protocol . 
 rookie inspector natalia helenas , assigned to the same case , finds herself caught between respect for her partner and respect for the rules . 
 as the investigation leads them from the immaculate halls of a cutting-edge medical business , to the seedy chambers of a twisted sex club , helenas and dashiell learn that sometimes not even the dead get to rest in peace . 
 cool blue -lrb- a horror novelette -rrb- jeff jones is new to san francisco , and he 's eager to explore the city . 
 after two weeks of sun-shrouding fog , the weather finally takes a turn for the better , and jeff decides to go on a walk . 
 he stumbles across the `` mystery ocean '' fish store , and what he finds inside changes him , in a horrible way . 
