 horror shorts by drew brown published by apricot alliance at smashwords . 
 copyright 2011 drew brown smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 version 1.2 02/04/2011 http://drewbrown1981.wordpress.com/ http://www.twitter.com/dbhorror # # # # table of contents toad-lickers the washroom crownford 's secrets harry wilson 's dad no smoke without fire the grave-robbing doctor hawthorne and the lady in the black veil introduction welcome to horror shorts , a collection of my short stories . 
 i could , perhaps , have spent more time coming up with a name , something snazzy or catchy , maybe even a little menacing , but to me a spade is simply a spade . 
 why call it something else ? 
 i did think long and hard about whether to write an introduction to this collection , after all hollywood directors do n't hang around outside movie theatres telling you about their film as you wait in line with your ticket -lrb- at least , they do n't around here - but maybe they do in hollywood -rrb- . 
 in the end , i decided that a brief one would be fine . 
 certainly not one where i yap on about all six stories , explaining where and when they were written , or where the idea first came from . 
 i do n't pretend that these stories are some kind of high-art , to be discussed and analysed , or probed for some kind of deeper meaning . 
 they 're simply stories , entertainment . 
 and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
 some of them have been gathering dust in my desk drawer for too long , trapped in limbo between taking form and being discovered . 
 they were stuck in a no man 's land between author and reader , and now this is ready i 'm glad to have them out in the open . 
 it is a collection of tales about toads , robots , killers and ghosts , and each one is special to me in their own way . 
 there is a small sample of my novel last hope contained at the end of this book , but you should feel under no obligation to read it . 
 after your check-up with the good doctor hawthorne , you can turn off the light and call it a night . 
 if , however , you have enjoyed this taster of my work , perhaps you 'd consider taking a look at it . 
 or not , the choice is yours . 
 so , without further ado , i shall move aside and let you approach the main event . 
 my enjoyment with them is now at an end , but it is my sincere hope that yours is yet to come . 
 drew brown - january 2011 # # # # toad-lickers nigel told himself there was no reason to be scared . 
 it was , after all , only a toad . 
 but it had already eaten kurt . 
 with a trembling hand , he rummaged through the ruffled folds of his sleeping bag , searching for the flashlight . 
 outside the tent , he thought he heard something move . 
 he thought he heard a disturbance in the undergrowth . 
 `` kurt . 
 is that you , dude ? '' 
 no reply came . 
 nigel continued his search for the battery-powered torch . 
 what he 'd seen could n't be real . 
 there was no way . 
 something as dangerous as that would definitely have been in the survival guide they 'd purchased . 
 if not , if it was a glaring omission , then nigel wanted a refund . 
 and some compensation would n't go amiss . 
 it had all been kurt 's idea . 
 free drugs . 
 that 's what he 'd said . 
 free , natural , mind-blowing drugs . 
 but nothing 's that simple . 
 * * * kurt stepped out into the shade of the trees and then shut the door to his 1973 oldsmobile delta royale . 
 he had steered the car off the dirt-track road and parked it in a small clearing . 
 he took a map from his denim shirt 's breast pocket , unfolded it , and then studied the unfamiliar contours . 
 `` it 's this way , '' he said , pointing along a narrow pathway of sandy ground . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` totally . '' 
 `` coz you said that before . 
 an hour ago , '' nigel said as he popped the trunk of the pale yellow oldsmobile . 
 the car belonged to kurt 's dad and the two friends had borrowed it for the weekend . 
 which , with all the driving and the wrong turns , was nearly halfway over . 
 nigel hauled out the two backpacks and then slammed shut the trunk . 
 `` and i 'm still not stoned . '' 
 `` you will be soon , man , '' kurt said with a smile . 
 he ran his hand through his lank , shoulder-length brown hair and then took his pack from nigel . 
 `` you fancy a joint now ? '' 
 `` you know i do , dude . '' 
 with their packs over their shoulders , the two men started down the sandy pathway , ambling along the shaded route . 
 bright sunshine filtered down through the trees , casting irregularly shaped patterns on the ground . 
 carefully , kurt hand-rolled his cigarette , adding cannabis to the tobacco from a small , clear plastic bag . 
 he tightened the paper , lit the end with a green disposable lighter and then took a long , slow pull on the joint . 
 he handed his work to nigel . 
 `` thanks , man . '' 
 kurt reached behind him and took a pocket-sized book from his backpack . 
 survival in the colorado wildernesses . 
 it had cost them eight dollars . 
 he thumbed through it to a section where the pages were creased and dog-eared . 
 nigel handed him the joint and he took another drag . 
 `` toad-licking was massive in the sixties . 
 the hippies used to do it . 
 although , they did n't really lick the toads : that 's pretty dangerous . '' 
 nigel shook his head . 
 his friend was six months older than him , but five inches shorter and thirty pounds lighter . 
 they had known each other throughout their schooling and had now elected to attend the same local college , rather than cross the country in the quest for something better . 
 not that kurt took any notice of his education . 
 nigel knew that his friend was smarter than he was , it came across in everything they did together , but his grades were always lower . 
 kurt just did n't pay any attention in class . 
 he thought about other stuff , and not just the girls and parties that nigel liked to daydream about , but weird stuff , like ways to make hallucinogenic drugs from household products , or where to find rare species of psychoactive toads . 
 even so , kurt could do stupid things and nigel was confused at his previous comment . 
 `` but you said we were gon na come toad-licking . 
 you said we 'd get high . '' 
 `` they , like , call it toad-licking to make it sound nicer . 
 but that 's not what you do . 
 i 'm sorry man , i should 've said earlier , but i thought you might bail . 
 we got ta eat the toads . '' 
 `` i ai n't eating a toad . '' 
 `` not the whole thing , that 'd be gross . 
 just the skin . '' 
 `` and that 's not gross , because ? '' 
 `` the indians used to do it . 
 man , it 's gon na be totally awesome . '' 
 nigel trudged along the path for a while in silence , gently kicking up the sand with his trainers . 
 he did n't like the idea of eating toad skin . 
 taking the last drag of the joint , he dropped the butt to the floor and extinguished the remaining paper with the heel of his trainer . 
 kurt carried on a few paces and reached the brow of a slight incline . 
 looking down beyond it , he smiled . 
 `` we found it . '' 
 nigel hurried to catch up with his friend . 
 the path dropped away for a hundred yards until it reached the bank of a dark , still pool of water . 
 around it were the fallen trunks of old trees , and the canopy above was thick and brooding . 
 `` this is definitely the place , '' kurt said happily . 
 `` let 's set up camp and start hunting for toads . 
 we 'll be too high to pitch the tent later , i just know we will . '' 
 * * * hunting for toads was more difficult than either one imagined . 
 they had erected their two tents side-by-side , ten yards from the water 's edge , and had built a small campfire in between . 
 the wood smouldered and gave the area an aroma of smoke that almost hid the repugnant , stagnant smell of the placid water . 
 nigel stood from where he was crouched by the bank of the pool and walked back to the campfire . 
 he sat down beside it , stretched his legs and rolled down the sleeves of his green jumper . 
 his hands smelt terrible and were stained with mud from searching through the undergrowth . 
 he picked at a black lump that had lodged beneath a fingernail . 
 `` why are we here again ? '' 
 beside the water , kurt rolled a three-foot long hollow log further up the bank . 
 insects swarmed away once their damp home was disturbed , fleeing in all directions . 
 centipedes , grubs , beetles and ants scattered from the daylight , but there was no sign of a toad . 
 shrugging his shoulders with disappointment , kurt returned to the campfire and sat down next to his friend . 
 he stretched over and took the guidebook from his tent . 
 `` i ca n't believe we ca n't find one . 
 this thing said there were hundreds . '' 
 `` you should definitely get our money back . 
 it 's been , like , three hours since we started searching this pond . '' 
 `` joint ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 nigel lay back and used a red jacket he was n't wearing as a pillow . 
 he looked up through the canopy of branches and leaves at the sky above . 
 the blue was darkening and the bright light of day was fading fast . 
 the air was beginning to take on a chill . 
 `` do you wan na sleep in the car tonight ? 
 we can close the doors and smoke the rest of our stash . 
 there does n't seem much point being out here . '' 
 `` maybe toads are , like , nocturnal , '' kurt pondered without looking up from the cigarette he was rolling . 
 `` but how will we see them ? 
 or catch them ? '' 
 `` all right . 
 we 'll go back . 
 do you want one each ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 kurt finished preparing the first joint and then handed it to his friend . 
 nigel slipped a lighter from his pocket and then sparked up . 
 he remained lying down and closed his eyes . 
 the warmth from the dying fire was pleasant on the right-hand side of his face , and the gentle rustle of leaves high above was soothing . 
 he felt the drug 's usual sensation of bliss wash over him . 
 after a while , he heard the click of kurt 's lighter . 
 `` i ca n't believe we drove all this way and ca n't find a stupid toad , '' nigel said , stifling a laugh . 
 `` do you think it 's the stupidest thing we 've ever done ? '' 
 kurt did n't answer . 
 `` come on , dude . 
 do n't take it personally . 
 i think it 's funny . '' 
 there was still no reply . 
 nigel turned his head to his side and opened his eyes . 
 kurt had his index finger held vertically across his lips and was staring down towards the water . 
 the joint in his other hand hung between two fingers . 
 it had almost extinguished itself . 
 following his friend 's eyes , nigel looked to the motionless pond . 
 a toad sat twelve inches from the dark water , surrounded by open mud . 
 its body was the size of a fist and its warty , brown skin blended well with the damp ground . 
 in front of two bulbous lumps on the back of its head , the small toad 's eyes flickered around . 
 slowly , kurt turned the pages of his guidebook . 
 he looked down at a photograph that he had circled . 
 `` that 's the one , '' he whispered and then he stirred from his sitting position . 
 he pulled his long hair back from out of his eyes , secured his joint between his lips , and took several paces towards the toad . 
 the little creature made a small jump , turning its body around so that it faced the water . 
 the toad 's movement caused kurt to stop , but once it had its back to him , he crept forwards again until he was only three yards away . 
 he crouched down , held his arms out ahead of him and then dived forwards . 
 lying by the fire , nigel could n't see what happened ; kurt 's prone body obscured his view . 
 but a noise that sounded like a scream broke the quiet of their surroundings . 
 kurt rolled onto his back and sat up . 
 he had the toad held in his hands . 
 he smiled happily , although the joint was gone from his mouth . 
 `` i got it , '' he exclaimed . 
 the toad was still screaming , its small chest puffing up and its legs kicking outside the cup of kurt 's palms . 
 `` well done , dude , '' nigel called back . 
 kurt carried the toad back to the campfire and then sat down . 
 `` there 's a pot in my rucksack , go and get it . '' 
 nigel cast the butt of his joint onto the fire and then hurried to kurt 's tent . 
 he opened the rucksack and fumbled through the contents . 
 `` so , like , how do we kill it ? '' 
 kurt did n't answer until nigel had returned from his tent brandishing a plastic ice-cream tub . 
 several holes had already been punched in the lid . 
 `` i was only messing with you , man . 
 we 're keeping this little fella . '' 
 `` keeping it ? '' 
 `` yeah , we can , like , milk the bufotoxins out once a month . '' 
 `` milk it ? '' 
 `` like a cow , except with drugs . 
 how awesome is this ? 
 free drugs forever , man . 
 i think i 'm gon na call him beatnik . '' 
 beatnik still screamed and struggled , but kurt held him tight . 
 `` open up my tobacco pouch and put it on the ground for me . '' 
 nigel did as he was told and then sat back down . 
 the growing darkness and cold were forgotten as he watched kurt change the way he held beatnik . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 kurt secured beatnik around his body with one hand . 
 the toad 's arms and legs flailed and his soft underbelly was exposed . 
 kurt positioned him so that the bulbous lumps on the back of his head were above the tobacco pouch and then , with the index finger of his free hand , he started to stroke beatnik under his chin . 
 `` the bufotoxins are in the venom , and doing this will get it out . '' 
 drips of poison ejected from the glands behind the toad 's head and dripped down onto the tobacco . 
 `` it 's working , '' nigel said . 
 kurt kept going until the fluid stopped leaking out and then he held beatnik up to his face . 
 `` you 're totally awesome , little dude . 
 now , go in your new home . '' 
 nigel watched as kurt peeled back the lid from the ice-cream tub and placed beatnik inside . 
 he pushed the seal back on tightly . 
 `` we 'll need some leaves and insects for him later . 
 it 'll take a month to replenish his venom . '' 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 nigel asked . 
 kurt isolated the damp tobacco using his finger and then sat back . 
 `` we got ta wait until this stuff is dry before we can smoke it , but , like , it should n't take long . 
 fancy another joint ? '' 
 nigel laughed . 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 * * * as nigel lay there , half in and out of his tent , looking up at the starry sky through a gap in the canopy , he found it difficult to accurately judge the effects of the bufotoxins . 
 not only had they smoked all of the toad 's venomous output , but they had also finished the rest of kurt 's more traditional fare . 
 all nigel knew for sure was that he was certainly high . 
 and it felt great . 
 he did n't notice the cold . 
 he did n't mind the dark or the insects that buzzed around the campfire and crawled along the ground beside him . 
 he was happy . 
 `` man this feels good . '' 
 `` you got that right , '' kurt replied . 
 his voice was distant and relaxed . 
 `` what 's wrong , beatnik . 
 eat your grubs . '' 
 inside the ice-cream tub , the toad hopped and bounced about , ignoring the insects kurt had gathered for him . 
 there were also leaves , mud and twigs to hide amongst . 
 nevertheless , beatnik appeared increasingly agitated . 
 `` he is one cool toad , '' nigel said , and then he closed his eyes . 
 his head felt like it was floating , circling the campfire . 
 he laughed a little . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 nigel opened his eyes . 
 `` hear what ? '' 
 `` by the water . '' 
 `` nope , '' nigel replied with a shake of his head . 
 the sensation felt funny and he laughed again . 
 kurt took a flashlight from his tent and switched it on . 
 sitting where he was , he shone the beam across the section of the bank nearest them , scanning from left to right . 
 there was nothing to be seen , the water was still and the muddy bank was empty . 
 `` you 're hearing things , dude . '' 
 fumbling for the switch to turn off the torch , kurt caught sight of a disturbance on the water 's surface . 
 it had started much further out , beyond the light of the torch , and the ripples flowed after one another towards the bank . 
 `` there 's something there , man . '' 
 reluctantly , nigel sat up and turned around so that he was facing the water . 
 he watched as kurt got to his feet and walked down to the pond 's edge , shining the light out across the water . 
 at first , all that could be seen were the approaching ripples , but then , ten yards out , the light captured something else . 
 kurt stopped , peering at the object that protruded through the surface of the water . 
 back in his tent , nigel thought that the object looked a little like a log , rotten and hollow . 
 to the right , about five feet away , was another , similarly shaped object . 
 beatnik started to hop with more vigour and caused the ice-cream tub to topple over . 
 the lid stayed on . 
 more ripples spread from the two objects , which started to rise out of the water . 
 nigel gasped . 
 the objects became clear when they blinked . 
 they were eyes . 
 `` oh , man . 
 what is that ? '' 
 kurt said . 
 he started to back away from the shallow bank . 
 nigel watched with an open mouth as the yellow and black eyes emerged fully , only to be followed by a connecting bridge of brown skin . 
 water cascaded down from the creature as it rose up , splashing into the pool around it . 
 even though it had eyes bigger than nigel 's own head , and a mouth that was six-foot wide , there was no mistaking the identity of the monster that rose from the pond . 
 it was a toad . 
 for the briefest of moments , nigel thought he saw the closed lips of the toad start to open ; but by then it was already too late . 
 the tongue was too quick . 
 the long , pink feeler shot out of the toad 's mouth , skimming above the water and up the bank to latch onto kurt 's leg . 
 in a flash , he was on his back and being dragged leg-first across the mud . 
 he let go of the torch and it fell to the ground , still alight , illuminating his journey towards the gargantuan toad . 
 kurt screamed in terror ; his arms were behind his head and his hands clawed for purchase on the ground as he fought to keep himself from going into the water . 
 it was no use ; his body continued down the bank , plunging into the stinking , putrid pool . 
 his scream was cut short when his head dipped below the surface . 
 the tongue continued to reel him in . 
 panic-struck , nigel shuffled back into his tent and fumbled for the zip . 
 once the opening was closed , he placed his head in his hands and started to cry . 
 he could n't believe what he 'd seen . 
 the toad was enormous . 
 kurt was gone . 
 nigel sat there for a while , trying to calm himself . 
 his breathing was rapid and shallow , his hands trembling with fear . 
 it could n't be true . 
 it could n't be real . 
 he knew there was a torch in his tent and he searched the folded sleeping bag for it . 
 he had to stay calm . 
 it must be the drugs , he told himself . 
 that 's all it is . 
 kurt 's out there . 
 he 's alive . 
 this is a dream , a hallucination . 
 a noise outside in the undergrowth disturbed nigel 's thoughts . 
 `` kurt . 
 is that you , dude ? '' 
 there was no reply . 
 i 'll wake up soon . 
 beyond the flimsy walls of the tent , nigel could hear the noisy silence of the woodland . 
 leaves moved in the trees and insects hummed with life . 
 his breathing seemed to echo around the stuffy , domed interior . 
 he reached forwards and took hold of the zip , inching it down to reveal the cool air and darkness outside . 
 kurt 's flashlight still shone out over the water . 
 the toad was real . 
 impossibly large , the creature had come ashore . 
 the bulk of its body was as wide as the delta royale was long . 
 nigel thought of the car , thought of running to the oldsmobile , but he knew that he was trapped . 
 the toad was sitting on the bank and had its wild black and yellow eyes focused on the tent . 
 hanging from the corner of the toad 's mouth was the denim shirtsleeve of kurt 's arm . 
 at its end , lifeless and still , was his blood-covered hand . 
 as nigel watched , the toad 's mouth changed shape slightly . 
 its middle seemed to flatten off and its ends curved up . 
 the toad seemed to smile . 
 nigel pulled the zip back up to the top . 
 it must be the drugs . 
 they 'll wear off soon . 
 i can wait . 
 * * * park ranger hank johnson pulled his 2003 dodge ram truck off the bumpy road and parked behind the oldsmobile delta royale . 
 the pale yellow exterior was covered with grime . 
 he read the license plate and checked it against the number he had written on a notepad . 
 the license checked out . 
 he 'd found the two missing kids . 
 johnson climbed down from his dodge and approached the old car . 
 the inside was empty . 
 he looked around the area ; there was nowhere to go except for a narrow pathway that led into the woods . 
 `` hello , '' he called out . 
 his voice echoed back to him . 
 johnson started down the path . 
 he strolled along the sandy trail , looking around at his environment . 
 twenty-five years working in the sprawling park had given him a great respect for nature , and he liked to observe it whenever he could . 
 searching for the two missing boys gave him a good excuse . 
 the sandy path started to drop away ; down at the edge of a pool of water was a campsite . 
 `` hello , '' johnson called out again . 
 he knew his voice was loud enough for anyone nearby to hear . 
 he continued to the campsite . 
 there were two tents . 
 one with its flap wide open and the other sealed off . 
 he paused by the remains of an old campfire . 
 the ash had long since cooled . 
 he approached the closed tent . 
 there was a buzzing noise from inside it , the sound of flies . 
 when he got nearer , a foul smell forced him to cup his mouth and nose with his hand . 
 the smell overcame the faint scent of his leather gloves . 
 `` is someone in there ? '' 
 johnson asked as he took hold of the zip between his thumb and finger . 
 he pulled it down slowly . 
 sickened , he recoiled from what was inside , fighting down the urge to vomit . 
 a cloud of flies erupted out as he backed away . 
 there was a body . 
 the face was gaunt , with yellow , dry skin , the eyes were missing , and there had been flies going in and out of the mouth , nose and ears . 
 the smell was unbearable . 
 sitting upright , with crossed legs , the fully dressed corpse was facing the tent 's opening . 
 far enough away to get some clean air , johnson took a deep breath . 
 the two boys had been missing for nearly two weeks . 
 he wondered where the other one could be . 
 johnson approached the other tent and peered inside . 
 there was a rucksack and a sleeping bag , which implied that the other occupant was still around . 
 or had left in a hurry . 
 johnson scooped down and picked up an old ice-cream tub . 
 there were some dried up leaves and a couple of sticks inside it . 
 and a toad 's dead body . 
 carrying the tub , johnson walked over to the campfire . 
 on the edge , just inside the ring of stones , was the butt-end of a hand-rolled cigarette . 
 johnson started to form a mental picture of what could have happened . 
 a couple of stoners , filled with rumours and misconceptions , had headed into the woods to lick toads . 
 it happened from time to time , kids hear stories and decide to try them out . 
 maybe one had got poisoned from the toad , or , more likely , overdosed on some other drug they 'd brought along for the occasion . 
 even the hard stuff was cheap now , cheap enough for a couple of college kids to get hold of . 
 after that , scared , alone and probably high , the dead one 's companion had fled . 
 johnson was sure the other kid would turn up somewhere . 
 knowing it was time to go back to the dodge and signal dispatches of his discovery , johnson put down the ice-cream tub . 
 a strange imprint in the moist ground caught his eye . 
 it was like the footprint of a bird , with three toes at the front and a longer one going back . 
 but there was no way that it could be what it resembled . 
 even though a portion of the imprint disappeared beneath the surface of the water , what he could see was more than six-foot long and four-foot wide . 
 he looked further up the bank to his right . 
 there was a similar imprint . 
 puzzled , hank johnson rubbed his glove against the faint , greying stubble on his chin . 
 there was a noise in the undergrowth behind him , but although he started to turn around , he never saw the flash of pink that shot out to stick to his back . 
 the tongue dragged him , screaming , from his feet . 
 # # # # the washroom tucked away at one end of the children 's ward , on the third floor of bloomington college hospital , was a ladies washroom that did not feature on any of the maps . 
 the caretaker had deliberately omitted it . 
 twice , he had been the first to see . 
 the first to arrive . 
 but there had been nothing he could do to help . 
 when it was all over , he had unscrewed the brass sign and left the door blank . 
 the children , however , already knew where it was , although very few chose to use it . 
 most preferred the longer trip to the washroom on the floor below . 
 in the dark , at night , the young residents would tell stories about what lurked behind the sprung-loaded door . 
 they would whisper the names of those who had died . 
 they told off the terrors within . 
 one boy , harry campbell , had dared to use the washroom . 
 he went in on the night before he was due to be discharged . 
 several other children waited in the corridor , dressed in green gowns or home-brought pyjamas , huddled together in nervous anticipation . 
 when harry crept back out , a dark stain of fresh urine on the front of his blue bottoms , the other children were disappointed to find that he had little to say . 
 he mentioned the white tiles behind the four sinks , the long mirror and the line of cubicles with their closed doors . 
 he said that the fluorescent-tube lights really did flicker and that the room was smaller than he 'd imagined . 
 but he would say nothing more about what he 'd seen , except that he wished that he 'd refused the dare . 
 ushered by a nurse , who arrived in the elevator and admonished the children for being out of their beds , the small group returned to their rooms , sure that they would learn more in the morning . 
 harry campbell cried beneath his bed covers until dawn and went home without so much as a goodbye . 
 after that , even fewer people ventured into the 3rd floor ladies washroom . 
 most knew the stories and had heard the macabre rhyme that went with them . 
 but sometimes , sometimes people were forced to venture inside . 
 * * * both of the fluorescent-tube lights flickered to their own beat . 
 the starter-motors hummed much louder than was usual . 
 the scalpel gleamed . 
 tara gripped the rim of the hand-basin so tight that her knuckles were as white as the porcelain she clung to . 
 salty tears lined her face , having washed clear a path through her make-up . 
 the grey drops , coloured with a mixture of eyeliner and foundation , splashed into the basin . 
 at the bottom , lying across the open plughole , was the scalpel . 
 tara did n't know why she 'd taken it . 
 stealing the blade had been an impulse . 
 but there it was , sparkling in the unsteady light . 
 tara cried . 
 the emotion caught in her chest and stifled her breathing . 
 she gasped for air between each violent sob . 
 not that breathing mattered to her now . 
 her battle for air was instinctive ; a reflex buried deep beneath her conscious thoughts . 
 all of these concerned her son . 
 jamie . 
 tara raised her gaze from the scalpel to the mirror . 
 behind her reflection was the image of the washroom . 
 it had clinical white walls , a tiled floor and cream cubicles , but she did not see any of these things . 
 it was as if her eyes failed to register her surroundings and instead she replayed memories in her mind , snippets of the past that flashed by like old video clips . 
 she saw jamie running across the park , his mop of blond hair bouncing around his face . 
 then he was sat at the dinner table , smiling as he ate his food with his red plastic spoon . 
 she remembered the feeling of his arms around her neck , while his sleeping head rested on her shoulder . 
 her little boy . 
 her brave little boy . 
 then she saw something else . 
 a clearer image . 
 the colours were fresher in her head , the sounds and smells more recent . 
 tara closed her eyes , hoping to dispel the memory . 
 but it had already taken hold . 
 she saw jamie on the bed , his small body pierced with tubes and drips . 
 his chest rose and fell , but not by much . 
 the beeps of the heart-rate monitor became further and further apart . 
 she screamed at the doctors and nurses ; begged them to do more . 
 the medical staff offered sincere apologies : there was nothing they could do . 
 tara cursed and spat at them as she watched her little boy slip away . 
 he died in her arms . 
 why had n't they saved him ? 
 why had they let him die ? 
 she hated the staff at the hospital , hated them all . 
 with the memory at its conclusion , she looked down at the scalpel . 
 why had she taken it ? 
 she did n't remember . 
 she sunk down to the cold floor and crawled into the corner of the room . 
 with her back to the wall she wrapped her arms around her knees , hugging her legs tight to her chest . 
 she cried into the soft denim . 
 the clothes were tainted by the chemical-cleaner smell of the hospital . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd left . 
 the window showed a world outside that was bereft of meaning . 
 to her , the sky was neither night nor day , sunny nor dark . 
 all she had were her memories , the recollections of a life now gone . 
 tara cried . 
 a waft of warm air touched her exposed skin and she raised her head in time to see the nearest of the four cubicle doors close . 
 through the watery haze of her eyes she watched the little indicator switch from green to red , showing that the door had been locked . 
 someone else was in the washroom . 
 tara tried to breathe more easily , tried to calm herself enough to go unnoticed . 
 she did n't want someone to ask if she was okay . 
 what would someone think if they saw the scalpel ? 
 spurred by the question , she climbed to her feet . 
 her mirror image was there to greet her . 
 it was no worse and no better than what she expected to see . 
 she was what she was . 
 a mother without a child . 
 she rubbed her tear-stained face with the sleeve of her jumper . 
 the make-up smeared , clumping on the green material . 
 it was no use ; she knew she could not make herself look presentable enough to avoid attention . 
 the scalpel blade chinked on the porcelain basin as tara snatched it up , coiling her palm and fingers around the metal handle . 
 slipping across the floor , tara aimed for the furthest of the free cubicles . 
 she pushed the door shut as soon as she was inside and then sat down on the lowered lid of the toilet . 
 the smell of disinfectant filled her nostrils . 
 in black marker pen , someone had sprawled on the back of the door : harry was ' ere . 
 there ai n't no ghost . 
 there ai n't no -- the writing trailed off to become a long black line . 
 tara listened to the sounds of the washroom . 
 she wanted to hear the flush from the other occupied cubicle and the sound of the lock disengaging . 
 most of all , tara wanted to be alone again . 
 she did n't want someone else around . 
 beneath the hum of the fluorescent lights , and her own ragged breathing , tara caught the sound of a soft voice . 
 it was the voice of a female , quiet and gentle . 
 `` this bloomin ' hospital , is bloomin ' great . 
 `` they kill your loved ones when they operate . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , or shut your eyes . 
 `` coz every time you do , someone dies . '' 
 the voice maintained the simple tune and repeated the words over a second time . 
 tara 's hand tightened around the scalpel . 
 who would sing such a thing ? 
 the lyrics seemed to mock her plight . 
 `` be quiet , '' she shouted . 
 the voice stumbled to a halt , but after a few seconds it began the song from the beginning . 
 `` this bloomin ' hospital , is bloomin ' great . '' 
 `` stop singing , '' tara shouted . 
 she kicked the closed door in front of her , which shook the cubicles . 
 `` stop singing now , bitch . '' 
 `` they kill your loved ones when they operate . '' 
 tara jumped to her feet and opened the door . 
 there were more tears streaming down her face , blurring her vision . 
 her grief had transformed into anger and the emotion focused on the first of the four cubicles . 
 her tormentor was still inside . 
 the door remained closed . 
 the little indicator still showed red . 
 `` this bloomin ' hospital , is bloomin ' great , `` they kill your loved -- '' tara beat her closed fists and forearms against the cubicle door . 
 it vibrated with the blows , rattling in its housing . 
 `` stop it , bitch , '' tara cursed . 
 `` come out here now . '' 
 above her head , the fluorescent strips flickered with greater intensity . 
 in response , the singing grew louder . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , or shut your eyes . '' 
 `` damn it , bitch . 
 stop ! '' 
 `` coz every time you do , someone dies . '' 
 tara stepped back and launched a kick at the door . 
 as her body twisted , she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the mirror . 
 even she thought the image was terrifying . 
 her face was a mask of smudged colours and her eyes were small and bloodshot . 
 her hair was matted and strands of it clung to her wet cheeks . 
 the scalpel blade shone in her balled fist . 
 the lock gave way beneath the sole of her shoe and the door flung inward . 
 it struck the cubical wall and started to bounce back . 
 tara was already inside . 
 a young girl rose wide-eyed from the toilet . 
 she had a folded piece of toilet paper in one hand and was pulling her black dress down with the other . 
 she gaped at tara 's entrance . 
 the little girl 's blonde hair was cut in a bob that curled up at the sides of her head . 
 there were jaunty silver pins thrust through the hair to keep it in place , along with a red and black band that was adorned with long loops of pearls . 
 white foundation covered her face and neck , contrasting the bright red lipstick around her mouth . 
 large gold earrings hung from her lobes . 
 `` why are you singing that ? '' 
 tara said . 
 her rage had left her breathless . 
 the little girl dropped the toilet paper to the floor and locked eyes with tara . 
 she rocked back and forth uncomfortably on shiny black high-healed shoes . 
 she looked as though she had walked straight out of the 1920 's . 
 `` why are you singing ? '' 
 `` this bloomin ' hospital , is bloomin ' great . '' 
 `` stop it now ! '' 
 tara shouted . 
 she felt a jolt of anger twang through her body . 
 with her left hand , the one without the scalpel , she swung a slap at the small child . 
 her pale hand went right through the girl 's face . 
 tara felt a tingling in her fingers where the contact should have been . 
 it was like a small electric shock . 
 the girl 's face seemed to shimmer . 
 tara stumbled back out of the cubicle . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 the little girl followed , her high heels clipping on the tiled floor and a long pearl necklace jangling around her neck . 
 now that she was moving , the air of transparency about her was easier to see . 
 the faintest outline of the toilet and its cistern could be seen through her slight form . 
 her singing had morphed into more of a chant and she sped through the words . 
 `` they kill your loved ones when they operate . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , or shut your eyes . '' 
 tara staggered back , recoiling from the little girl . 
 the rhythm of the song filled her head . 
 she slashed with the scalpel as she retreated , slicing it from side to side . 
 `` what are you , a ghost ? '' 
 she screamed . 
 as the little girl lurched forwards , her hair slipped away to land at her feet . 
 her head was bald beneath the wig . 
 she kept chanting . 
 her skin looked thin , weak and flaky , and there were dark circles beneath her eyes . 
 tara could hear herself screaming . 
 the hairless little girl stopped walking . 
 `` this bloomin ' hospital , is bloomin ' great , `` they kill your loved ones when they operate . '' 
 tara 's back bumped against the door . 
 it only opened inwards . 
 she fell to her knees . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` somebody help me . '' 
 the little girl watched . 
 her chanting was quieter now , but she held the rhythm . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , or shut your eyes . 
 `` coz every time you do , someone dies ! '' 
 tara raised her left arm , turned her hand so that her palm faced upward and then pulled back her sweatshirt sleeve . 
 she looked at her wrist . 
 she brought the shining blade of the scalpel towards it . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 she wanted to stop but could n't . 
 the motion of her hands continued . 
 the cold steel touched her skin . 
 her breathing was shallow . 
 she cut from left to right and her skin and flesh parted around the blade . 
 blood welled up from the wound . 
 `` please , no . '' 
 she sliced her wrist with the scalpel again , this time harder , cutting down to the bone . 
 the severed tendons left her hand limp . 
 `` please help me , '' tara said . 
 `` i need help . '' 
 blood poured from the injuries to flow down the grout lines like rivers , criss-crossing the washroom . 
 the bald-headed girl watched tara , standing over her as she bled . 
 the scalpel clattered to the floor amid a pool of blood . 
 the memories came back with a rush . 
 tara 's vision was greying out , fading to black . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 `` why did n't they save him ? 
 children should n't die . 
 the bastards let him die . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i miss my boy , i miss my jamie . '' 
 a final scream rang out in the washroom . 
 * * * `` is that gum , young man ? 
 spit it in my hand . '' 
 kirsty laymon received the chewing gum in her palm then smiled . 
 `` that 's better . 
 now , catch up with the others . '' 
 `` yes , nurse laymon . '' 
 kirsty stood up and watched as the nine-year-old ran down the corridor . 
 the play was going to be a good one this month . 
 the children always enjoyed the afternoon , regardless of whether they were healthy enough to be involved , or so poorly that they were confined to the audience . 
 the sound of a scream echoed down the corridor . 
 kirsty spun around . 
 the stairwell to the right appeared empty . 
 the elevator doors were closed . 
 that left the two washrooms . 
 the scream came again . 
 kirsty thought she had pinpointed the source . 
 she pulled open the door to the ladies washroom . 
 the fluorescent light was steady . 
 standing in the centre of the floor was rebecca morris , one of the ward 's cancer patients . 
 her blonde wig was on the ground beside her , crumpled in a heap . 
 there were tears on her cheeks . 
 `` what 's the matter , becky ? '' 
 `` i saw the ghost , nurse laymon . '' 
 kirsty felt a chill run across her skin . 
 she 'd seen the police photographs . 
 a woman had killed herself in the washroom . 
 her dead body had been found slumped against the door . 
 a few months after that , a doctor had slit her own throat in one of the cubicles . 
 `` there 's no ghost , becky , '' the nurse said . 
 she tossed the piece of chewing gum into the waist bin and then offered her hand . 
 the sprung-loaded door closed behind her . 
 `` come on , the play 's about to start . 
 the other children ca n't start bugsy malone without tallulah . '' 
 `` i did see her , '' rebecca said . 
 she bent down to pick up her wig . 
 `` i sung the song and she went away . 
 she said she still misses her son . 
 she does n't like hospital people . '' 
 the two fluorescent tubes went out and rebecca morris gasped with fright . 
 nurse laymon 's eyes were drawn to the mirror . 
 in the dim light from the window , she saw a shadow-like reflection behind her . 
 she thought she heard a whisper . 
 `` why did my boy have to die ? '' 
 the scalpel touched her neck . 
 `` sing the song , '' rebecca cried out . 
 it was already too late . 
 # # # # crownford 's secret very few people in the village of crownford had bothered to use their cars to attend the neighbourhood watch meeting at the local hall , despite the inclement weather . 
 wind swept across the hill , howling down the chimneys and bringing with it rain that lashed against the sash windows . 
 by the time the doors opened and the thirty-five gathered villagers began to leave , huddled inside overcoats and protected by flat-caps or umbrellas , there were deep puddles on the old road . 
 water streamed along the gutters , carrying a flotilla of fallen leaves from the surrounding woodland . 
 if any of the attendees were uncomfortable with the meeting 's decision , a suggestion put forward by the newest resident , the distinguished geneticist , albert von mainz , none of them showed it . 
 the german immigrant and his english wife had only lived in the village for twenty-one years , a short time by local standards , where houses often belonged to the same family for several generations , but there was no dissent , no questions beside those that concerned the credibility of the scientist 's proposal . 
 after these had been addressed , validated by the images inside von mainz 's red photograph album , the decision was unanimous . 
 after all , their world was changing . 
 the gutter-folk of civilisation were spreading from the nearby towns and cities , bringing with them an epidemic of crime and burglaries that now plagued the residents of crownford . 
 to preserve their way of life , something had to be done . 
 and now they knew what . 
 * * * what is crownford 's secret ? 
 the headline captured jason shepherd 's imagination . 
 the newspaper article went on to highlight the fact that the village of crownford had not suffered a single reported crime for more than two years . 
 there was no doubt it was a strange statistic . 
 crime was on the up elsewhere in the county . 
 the records showed it rising year on year . 
 almost every type of criminal activity was above the national average , especially the number of missing persons . 
 other villages in the local area were riddled with burglaries , so much so that some of the more affluent ones had even invested in extra security , employing firms to keep guard at night . 
 but not crownford . 
 its residents were forced to take no such measures . 
 the journalist had ended the article without an answer to his opening question , but shepherd had an idea . 
 luck . 
 he had robbed many places , thieving was his work , but he had never stolen from crownford . 
 indeed , he had hardly known of its existence , except for reference to it on a scattering of road signs . 
 that would change , and the newspaper article had given him the idea . 
 after all , with so long since the village had suffered a crime , they would probably be complacent . 
 they would not expect a one-man crime-wave to take place on a single night . 
 and that is what jason shepherd intended to be . 
 * * * there was no one about . 
 the wind slipped through the nearby trees and bushes , rustling the leaves , but there was no other noise beside the soft tap of his footsteps . 
 happy that the small courtyard was empty , shepherd approached the land rover , crossing the damp cobblestones . 
 a line of second-floor windows overlooked him , but all of the lights were switched off . 
 shepherd reached the car and tried the handle . 
 it was n't even locked . 
 opening the front-passenger door , he slid up onto the seat and rummaged through the glove box and door pockets . 
 he ignored some loose change in the ashtray , as it would jangle in his pockets . 
 in the glove box he found an mp-3 player and a switched-off mobile phone , which he took and stashed in his small rucksack , adding to the bounty he 'd already plundered . 
 he still wanted more . 
 shepherd dropped from the land rover and quietly closed the door . 
 he glanced around the courtyard again , checking that he was still alone . 
 his eyes went to a stone wall covered in creeping ivy . 
 there was a black-painted iron gate in its centre . 
 the old hinges squeaked as shepherd eased the gate open enough to pass through . 
 staying in the shadow of the wall , he knelt down and scanned the area . 
 before him was a long path , lined on either side with well-manicured turf . 
 on the lawn a few feet ahead of him was a signpost . 
 stables . 
 above the word was an arrow pointing to the right . 
 shepherd went that way , following the path as it ran between the stone wall and a dense , seven-foot tall hedge . 
 all he could see was the route that lay ahead ; a hundred yards of concrete slabs , bathed in shadows , a space so narrow that two people could not have walked side-by-side along its uneven surface . 
 he kept his footsteps as light as possible . 
 at its end , the path led out onto a dirt-track road that was lined on either side with a shallow drainage ditch and the occasional tree . 
 the cloudless sky was cold and bleak . 
 shepherd crouched down and looked left and right , up and down the new road , unsure which direction to take . 
 he spotted the stables on his right , a further two hundred yards away . 
 he crept along the dirt track . 
 at the makeshift-road 's end were two brick pillars , one of which was mounted with a plaque that read : ` crownford hall stable yard ' . 
 below it was another sign : ` beware of the dogs ' . 
 beyond the pillars was a gravel-covered open space , a fifty-yard square , which lay before a large barn . 
 in its centre , the wooden building rose to a peaked roof , thirty-feet tall . 
 directly opposite the road in the centre of the barn was a pair of massive doors , both of which were propped fully open . 
 the sight surprised shepherd ; horses cost a lot . 
 moonlight crept in through the open doors , illuminating a few yards of straw-covered floor . 
 further inside , he could see only darkness . 
 the barn , however , was not the reason shepherd had come to the stables . 
 he wanted to find the office , the small administrative centre that any business needs . 
 it stood to the left of the barn ; a small flat-roofed room made from red bricks . 
 there was a window beside the single door , but before shepherd moved towards it , he cursed and dropped to the ground . 
 there was a kennel outside the office . 
 shepherd gazed around , frightened that the guard dog might already be padding across the gravel . 
 he sighed with relief when he saw no sign of one , but he still considered leaving the stables . 
 there would , he was sure , be much easier pickings elsewhere in the village , and there was still plenty of night left before he needed to leave the grand , sprawling scene of his crimes . 
 before he turned to search for somewhere else , he noticed something about the kennel that intrigued him enough to creep forwards . 
 his feet crunched the loose stones as he crossed the gravel , approaching the large metal kennel . 
 finally , he was close enough to be sure . 
 there was a sturdy grill across the arched opening , sealing it closed . 
 lying with its head on its front paws , and looking out through the metal bars , was a fully-grown doberman . 
 the dog was a prisoner in its home . 
 shepherd almost laughed as the tension he felt washed away . 
 he got back up to his feet and started once more towards the office . 
 he skirted around the kennel because of cautious habit rather than necessity . 
 the doberman 's black eyes followed him closely , but the dog made no objection to his approach . 
 it neither growled nor barked . 
 upon reaching the office , the door handle creaked as shepherd started to turn it . 
 he froze . 
 a sound had rippled out across the still air . 
 it was as if someone had started to rev a motorcycle , except that the noise was more fluid than any engine shepherd had ever heard . 
 as light-footed as he could be , he ran to the corner of the office and crouched down . 
 inside its kennel , the guard dog whimpered . 
 the noise 's source was inside the stable . 
 shepherd slunk into the shadows , retreating back across the gravel to where he 'd entered . 
 slowly , keeping out of the glare of the moon , he moved towards the road . 
 his eyes darted from place to place as he went , although they were often drawn back to the empty space of the open stable doors . 
 he felt sweat on his forehead inside his balaclava and the palms of his hands moistened within the confines of their leather gloves . 
 he struggled to think what the noise from the stable could be . 
 if it was an engine , then it implied that someone was inside the wooden building . 
 but there were no lights switched on , and the noise did not sound exactly like the mechanical rhythm an engine would produce . 
 it sounded more organic , natural , more as though it was created by a living thing . 
 but it was too loud . 
 the doberman had gone from view , hidden inside its metal kennel , whining in the darkness . 
 shepherd rounded the brick pillar and stood with his back pressed against it , facing up the road . 
 with his exit clear , his breathing returned to normal . 
 the tempo of his heart lowered and he closed his eyes , trying to calm his nerves . 
 you 're being stupid , he told himself . 
 there 's nothing to worry about . 
 it 's just an old generator . 
 feeling better , he peeked around the brick pillar , back across the gravel . 
 his jaw dropped open and his eyes went wide . 
 two yellow ovals hovered in the blackness between the barn doors . 
 they seemed to hang , unsupported , twelve feet above the ground . 
 they were widest horizontally , at least a foot across , and they were located a couple of feet apart . 
 shepherd knew what the yellow-glowing objects looked like , but that was impossible . 
 he thought they were eyes . 
 there was nothing to see beyond the yellow ovals ; they simply seemed to float in the dark shadows of the wooden stable . 
 they ca n't be . 
 gracefully , the ovals came forwards . 
 jason shepherd gasped . 
 the creature walked out of the barn at a leisurely pace , although it was forced to lower its head so that its ears could pass below the underside of the doorframe . 
 paws the size of dustbin lids crunched the gravel as it stepped into the moonlight , revealing a fur coat of black and white blotches . 
 sniffing at the fresh air with a pink nose , the creature 's head moved from side to side . 
 it looked to the metal kennel , pricking its ears towards the dog 's whimpering . 
 when its entire body had left the barn , the creature 's tail rose to point upwards . 
 the tip was almost the height of the peaked roof . 
 shepherd pulled his head back behind the pillar . 
 a cat , he thought . 
 a big cat . 
 but not in the sense of a lion or a tiger no , this was a giant , monstrous freak-of-nature of a cat that , even excluding the tail , towered more than twice shepherd 's height . 
 he would not have to duck to run between its legs . 
 the engine noise , the purring , he corrected himself , stopped and there was no sound other than the wind in the trees . 
 the guard dog was silent . 
 gradually , shepherd allowed half of his balaclava-hidden face to peer out from the pillar . 
 the cat was looking right at him , the yellow eyes staring out from a face that was black except for a white patch around the left eye . 
 it had sunk down low , almost prone across the gravel , and had its massive front paws stretched out ahead of it . 
 the trunk of the cat 's body was still , but , pointing vertically , the tail swished back and forth like an inverted clock pendulum . 
 shepherd knew the feline-giant had spotted him . 
 there were twenty-five yards between them , but for the cat , shepherd could see , such a distance mattered nothing . 
 it would cross the gravel in a flash . 
 his face began to itch with the mix of perspiration and balaclava wool . 
 his hands shook and his heart thundered . 
 across the stable yard , the cat edged one front paw forwards , preparing to pounce . 
 this ca n't be . 
 shepherd broke cover and ran . 
 he dashed back along the road , skirting the edge of the drainage ditch . 
 adrenaline flowed through his veins . 
 beneath the soles of his feet , the dirt-track road sped by . 
 he spotted the entrance to the path along the stone-built wall and he careered towards it , wishing for the cover of the shadows . 
 he risked a look over his shoulder . 
 bounding along behind him was the cat , which did n't appear to be moving with any particular effort . 
 it merely kept pace , following at a distance of ten yards . 
 the feline eyes were on shepherd , flashing yellow in the moonlight . 
 tears of desperation streamed from shepherd . 
 he knew the creature was toying with him . 
 what is this thing ? 
 his vision was blurred by the time he reached the narrow path , but he plunged into the gap between the wall and the hedge , running along the concrete slabs with all the speed he could muster . 
 a scraping noise to his rear caused him to look around . 
 he saw the cat grind to a halt out on the road . 
 it 's head dropped and it looked along the pathway , its eyes following shepherd . 
 the cat was too wide for the narrow path . 
 its whiskers twitched and , high above , its tail swung from side to side . 
 the creature 's frustration was clear to see . 
 shepherd felt elated . 
 i 'll escape , he thought . 
 the cat raised its head and then sprung from a standing position to leap over the stone wall . 
 landing on the far side of the six-foot high structure , the cat was lost from shepherd 's view , but then its gargantuan black and white head appeared over the top of the wall and , having seen its prey , the creature continued the chase . 
 shepherd used his sleeve to dry his eyes . 
 his body was gripped with fear and there was a warm sensation around his groin . 
 he knew what he 'd done . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 his shoes continued to pound the concrete slabs . 
 the hedge gave way to the view of the lawn , but shepherd focused instead on the iron gate to his left . 
 although the cat was following along a perpendicular route , and going through the gate would seem to put shepherd in the cat 's path , he remembered that the courtyard had been enclosed . 
 there would be at least one more obstacle in the cat 's way . 
 he pushed through the gate , unconcerned with the noise he made . 
 the land rover was still there . 
 for a moment , shepherd considered its sanctuary , but the thought of being confined in such a small space , trapped like a fish in a bowl for the cat to see , filled him with terror . 
 he had a better idea . 
 discarding his rucksack , shepherd slithered beneath the vehicle . 
 as soon as he was in the centre , he stopped and laid still . 
 he tried to quieten his breathing and to listen for sounds beyond the pumping of his heart . 
 his nostrils were filled with the scent of diesel . 
 from out in the courtyard came a thud as the cat landed on the cobblestone ground . 
 the nearest paw was five yards from the land rover , almost level with shepherd 's eyes . 
 the feline took a pace forwards , and then its front right paw rose up , vanishing from the narrow vista shepherd had between the cobbles and the underside of the land rover . 
 with tears once more falling from his eyes , shepherd feared what could happen . 
 that the cat would see through his deception and push the land rover aside to get to him , or , if the effort proved too great , it would simply wait until he was forced to emerge . 
 there were still many hours until daybreak . 
 shepherd 's entire body trembled with fear ; suddenly , the gap between the land rover 's base and ground seemed much smaller , much more confined . 
 the rucksack vanished following a swipe from the lost front paw . 
 the pack shot up , crossing the courtyard to slam back to the cobbles . 
 even while the rucksack was still airborne , the cat was already pouncing , and as it landed it brought it massive front left paw down on the pack , covering it over . 
 after the briefest wait , the cat 's paw came up a fraction , as if allowing the pack a chance to escape . 
 when it remained still , the cat 's paw dropped once more . 
 beneath the land rover , shepherd watched the cat run through the game a second time . 
 as the rucksack still did not move , the cat tired of playing with it and turned away . 
 it came closer to the land rover and then stopped . 
 shepherd wondered what the creature was doing , whether it was sniffing the air or looking down at his shelter . 
 he waited for the cat 's eyes to appear beneath the land rover 's edge . 
 he was sure they would ; he was sure the cat would find him and play with him like it had the rucksack . 
 he closed his eyes , blinking back his tears . 
 please , please , please . 
 when he opened them , the paws were gone . 
 he moved his head all around , looking over every section of the courtyard . 
 the only movement was the occasional leaf blowing across the cobblestones . 
 the cat had left . 
 shepherd smiled . 
 he laughed through his tears . 
 as his adrenaline level 's dropped , he began to feel the cold rising through his body from the stony ground . 
 but he was safe . 
 and there was no rush . 
 he would wait beneath the land rover until he was sure . 
 then he would go to the house and raise help . 
 his car was parked more than a mile away and he could not face the thought of crossing the dark lanes and country roads . 
 never again , not while that thing was out stalking the night . 
 a police cell was much more favourable . 
 shepherd decided to remain in his shelter until the sun was in the sky and then turn himself in to the first person he could find . 
 he would give up crime . 
 * * * the frantic , incessant knocking at her front door did not wake mary von mainz , but it did greatly upset her morning routine . 
 at five o’clock each day she would take tea in bed , which her husband would bring to her . 
 in any day , it was the only pot he made , and as such he did not resent the chore . 
 after forty years of marriage to a respectable english woman , the german had taken happily to the drink . 
 tightening the belt of her white dressing gown , mary descended the staircase . 
 her grey hair was held in rollers . 
 the noise from the front door continued . 
 not only was the visitor using the knocker , they were also banging the letterbox . 
 as soon as she opened the hallway door , she could hear a male voice calling out . 
 there was a dark shadow against the front door 's stained-glass windowpane . 
 pausing to attach the twin security chains , mary opened the door only three inches . 
 she looked out through the gap to see a man dressed in black trousers and a jumper . 
 he had dishevelled blond hair and wide , blue eyes . 
 his skin was blotchy and sore , and his eyes were puffy and red . 
 there was a faint smell of stale urine about him . 
 another one , she thought . 
 all because of that blasted journalist . 
 `` please , you have to let me in . '' 
 `` kevin , '' mary von mainz shouted . 
 surprise filled the face of the man at the door . 
 `` please , do n't call out . 
 you do n't understand . '' 
 `` kevin , '' she shouted again . 
 `` stop , please . 
 is kevin your husband ? 
 he must come inside . 
 there 's a monster out here . '' 
 mary von mainz smiled and pointed with a single finger over the shoulder of her visitor . 
 `` oh , i know there is , young man . 
 it 's you and your kind . 
 but kevin keeps us safe . '' 
 `` kevin ? '' 
 the visitor asked , his voice suddenly fearful . 
 mary von mainz pushed closed her front door . 
 * * * out on the doorstep , shepherd tried to jam the door with his foot , but his reactions were slow and his body was stiff from lying on the cold cobbles . 
 the shock of what had happened stung him ; he did n't want to turn around . 
 the day promised to be beautiful . 
 a smell of roses drifted from the borders near the house and the first grey light of dawn was beginning to lighten the sky . 
 hope had drawn him from the sanctuary beneath the land rover , but he felt it crumbling away . 
 he raised his fist to beat the door , but then he heard a noise behind him . 
 reluctantly , shepherd turned to face down the garden path . 
 at the bottom , straddled over the low gate and privet hedge , was the black and white cat . 
 with a flutter of his whiskers and a swish of his tail , kevin pounced . 
 # # # # harry wilson 's dad my name is harry wilson . 
 we are gathered here today solely because of a malfunctioning robot . 
 the robot was the reason for many things . 
 why my dad never played football with me in the park , or took me on adventures like the other dads in our street . 
 why i never saw him dance with my mother or help her with the shopping bags . 
 he never did the decorating , or built us a tree-fort in the garden . 
 this is why ... * * * the man remembered he was a soldier . 
 he also recalled that there had been a time before , a life with his parents , a home , a sister and a girlfriend . 
 somehow , the timing of it all was confused and he called for his mother , but she was nearly ten thousand miles away , in another country , another continent . 
 he 'd not seen her in months . 
 not since he saluted from the deck of the ship and saw his parents on the shore , standing alongside their old buick , waving as he left . 
 that was a long time ago . 
 more recent memories surfaced . 
 the sun burned like fire in the daytime . 
 the cold bit like fangs during the night . 
 the dust . 
 he remembered the dust got everywhere , seeped into everything , faster than it could be cleaned , damaging the electronics and binding up the engines . 
 that 's what had happened . 
 the engine had stopped . 
 on a dusty , desert road on the edge of a battered and bullet-ridden village the truck had broken down . 
 they had disembarked from the back and kept guard , protecting the driver as he tried to make the repairs . 
 the radio had said no help was coming . 
 not for a while . 
 there was trouble nearby and no air cover could be spared . 
 the mortar rounds started to fall . 
 under the cover of darkness the insurgents closed in and bullets filled the air above where he and his comrades lay , spread out so that the mortar 's shells would not claim too many at once . 
 but a mortar had claimed him . 
 the soldier remembered the space in front of him turning a brilliant shade of red , and then the sudden heat that seared his flesh . 
 he remembered the impact of the shrapnel , the feeling of his body juddering under the impacts . 
 there was pain . 
 that was it . 
 his last memory : a final sensation that had journeyed with him into the realms of unconsciousness , through an untold span of time , to emerge in a new place as fresh and as raw as it had begun . 
 he called for his mother again . 
 `` she is not here . '' 
 the soldier opened his eyes . 
 bright lights were shining down on him , filling his eyes with their glare . 
 he was flat on his back . 
 to shade his vision from the white light he tried to bring up his hand , but his arms were bound to his sides . 
 his first thought was that he had been captured , that the insurgents had caught him , and the fear of it made him want to scream , but then he considered the voice that had spoken to him . 
 although it was unusual , it did not sound foreign . 
 it did not sound like the way they spoke . 
 it was simply , different . 
 slowly , the soldier tried to raise his head . 
 `` you should remain still . '' 
 he was on an operating table . 
 there was a wide strap across his chest and arms , and another running over his legs , just above his knees . 
 his uniform was gone , replaced by the green smock of a hospital patient . 
 attached in various spots around his body were circular blue pads , all an inch in diameter . 
 he had them on his temples , his heart , his wrists and several over his stomach . 
 they followed the routes of his veins and arteries . 
 he also had white bandages wrapped around his shoulders and his neck , and he could feel another one around his forehead . 
 there was no pain . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 the soldier managed to ask . 
 although his mind was lucid , his throat struggled to expel the words he wanted to say . 
 his voice was quiet and strained . 
 `` you are aboard the uss merciful . 
 you have been here six hours . '' 
 `` my squad ? '' 
 `` i know only of you , private franklin taylor . '' 
 the mention of his name eased the soldier 's mind somewhat . 
 `` how bad ? '' 
 `` i will see to it you live on . '' 
 `` thanks , doc . '' 
 with the revelation that he would survive , taylor allowed his head to drop back and rest on the operating table . 
 he thought of home , of all the things he missed : the smell of his mom 's cooking , the soft touch of his girlfriend . 
 from somewhere in the room came the sound of something mechanical moving . 
 there was the hum of a motor and the gentle sound of a fan . 
 the noises got closer . 
 taylor turned his head towards them . 
 beside the bed , erect , tall and glimmering in the white light of the operating room was something he had never seen . 
 `` you have no need to thank me . 
 it is my design , '' said the robot through a mouth of glass that did not move . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 taylor stammered . 
 `` i am your doctor , '' answered the robot in its distinctly monotone voice . 
 its head was the same size as a human 's , although there was no hair , simply a dome of light-reflective metal . 
 the eyes were two circles of black glass , but behind them , shining through , were two small red lights . 
 `` i will make you live on . 
 now , did you play high-school football , private franklin taylor ? '' 
 the question caught taylor off-guard . 
 he nodded his head . 
 `` were you the kicker ? '' 
 taylor hesitated . 
 `` why do you want to know ? '' 
 the robot moved down the bed . 
 his head did not bob up and down like the way a human would when they walked , but remained perfectly still . 
 the motor noise ceased when the robot stopped moving , but the quiet drone of the fan continued . 
 the robot turned its body in to face the operating table , but revolved its head to look back up to the soldier . 
 `` i need to amputate your lower leg . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 taylor gasped . 
 he raised his head against the straps and looked down at his legs and feet . 
 they both looked fine , undamaged , and he sensed no pain from either one . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 the robot paused . 
 `` your right leg . 
 below the knee . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 it feels okay , '' taylor said . 
 `` i must . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i must . '' 
 `` no , please . 
 do n't . '' 
 the robot 's left arm rose up into view . 
 gripped by the five-fingered hand at the end of the long , metallic limb , was a hypodermic needle . 
 the arm and hand had no covering of skin , but were transparent around the joints , which were driven by hundreds of tiny valves and motors . 
 there was a prolonged hissing sound as the arm repositioned itself , which was only just audible above the noise of the fan . 
 when the limb stopped , the tip of the needle was less than an inch above the soldier 's thigh . 
 `` please , no , '' taylor begged . 
 he looked away from the robot , around the operating theatre , searching for someone else . 
 it could n't be real . 
 he told himself the whole ordeal was a dream . 
 on his left , beyond a glass wall , he caught sight of other people . 
 they were doctors in white coats and patients resting upon rows of beds . 
 taylor felt a jolt of pain in his leg and looked down to see that the robot had emptied the contents of the hypodermic needle into his right thigh . 
 almost immediately , he started to feel a little light-headed . 
 the robot replaced the empty dispenser on a tray by his side . 
 with his left hand he picked up a scalpel . 
 the razor-sharp instrument glistened beneath the electric lights . 
 `` do not be afraid . '' 
 `` my leg is fine , '' taylor pleaded , but the robot ignored him and placed its cold , metallic right hand around his knee . 
 its grip was so tight as to be painful , but taylor did n't notice ; his eyes were on the scalpel as it came closer . 
 the blade sunk into his skin , but the pain taylor expected was dulled . 
 the injection had numbed his senses . 
 he turned his head away from the robot , from the growing incision , and looked through the glass window to the ward beyond . 
 he tried to shout for help , but his words were no louder than a puff of escaping air . 
 as his vision blurred , he heard the emotionless voice of the robot say , `` do not be afraid . '' 
 * * * sergeant benny campbell walked steadily down the ward , making sure he did not hinder any of the doctors or nurses who hurried back and forth . 
 normally , he did n't find the sideways roll of ships at all discomforting , but with his injured arm in a sling across his chest , he found the movement somewhat unsettling . 
 the bullet had gone through his arm cleanly , but it had damaged the muscle enough that he would be on light duties for a while . 
 still , he was luckier than some . 
 after consulting a chart on the wall , sergeant campbell found the patient he was looking for . 
 he stood at the foot of the bed and smiled at the occupant . 
 the weary face of the patient managed to smile back . 
 `` how are you , frankie ? '' 
 `` been better , sarge . 
 when did you get here ? '' 
 sergeant campbell looked down at the young soldier , noticing the bandages around his chest and head . 
 the skin of his face was also blistered and red , and his eyebrows and lashes were gone . 
 franklin taylor had been lucky . 
 `` i got hit minutes after you . 
 we were pulled out an hour later . '' 
 `` i do n't remember anything until i woke up here , '' taylor said . 
 `` when you see the boys , wish ’em luck for me . '' 
 `` what do i look like to you , soldier ? 
 a mailman ? 
 you can tell ’em yourself when you get back . '' 
 in his bed , taylor took on a puzzled expression . 
 `` i got my ticket home , sir , '' he said as he pulled aside the lower end of his bed sheets . 
 `` not much use without a leg . '' 
 sergeant richard 's mouth dropped open as he saw the bandaged stump of taylor 's right leg . 
 only a couple on inches remained below the knee . 
 `` they 'll fit me with a synthetic one eventually , but my days in the army are over . '' 
 campbell stood silently for a few moments . 
 he glanced left and right , up and down the long hall of the ward , looking for someone to question . 
 he grabbed the chart from the rail at the bottom of the bed and scanned the pages . 
 he could n't find what he was looking for . 
 `` what is it , sarge ? '' 
 slowly , campbell raised his head to look taylor in the eye . 
 he knew he could not hide the mixture of anger and sadness from his face . 
 `` i tended you myself , frankie . 
 your leg was n't injured . '' 
 * * * medibot number eleven , or ernie , which was a name his designers had implanted in his memory banks to help him interact more easily with his human compatriots , rolled through the doorway of his operating theatre and turned towards the staff canteen . 
 he had no reason to go there . 
 he did not eat , he did not sleep , and there was no requirement for him to rest , as his power-coupling could be attached in the theatre without the need for him to shut down . 
 he could treat patients for twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week , for as many years as was necessary . 
 he would not tire or be repulsed by the horrors he saw , and he certainly would not make mistakes . 
 he knew he calculated every chance , ever possibility , every potential outcome with an accuracy that was infallible . 
 his sensors gave him the information , he processed it , and the decision was made . 
 not that every patient could be saved . 
 but ernie knew that he gave every one the highest possible mathematical chance , however remote it may be . 
 that was his programming , his design . 
 he did n't need to think about it ; it simply happened . 
 his actions gave every patient the best opportunity to live on . 
 `` good morning , '' ernie said to an approaching human colleague in the corridor . 
 the doctor was relatively new , having only been aboard for thirty-four hours and nine minutes , but ernie had access to the personnel files from the uss merciful 's databanks . 
 `` it is a nice day today , yes , doctor pearson ? '' 
 ernie had n't been on the outside for the seven weeks since his arrival on ship , but he knew from his links to the computer system that the weather report was what a human would consider to be a nice day . 
 doctor pearson nodded a polite acknowledgement and hurried off . 
 ernie registered that the human 's heartbeat had risen , and that his brain activity had increased . 
 from the information he had collected , ernie concluded that doctor pearson was afraid . 
 a helicopter carrying three soldiers , status unknown , was inbound , eta sixteen minutes . 
 the information registered with ernie but he made no alterations to his current plans . 
 he would be back in his theatre at the precise time of their arrival : he needed no more preparation than that . 
 ernie arrived in the canteen and rolled towards the television screen . 
 he was not bi-pedal ; legs and feet were not suitable for such precision work as he was conceived to undertake , his wide base , with eight wheels and electronically-controlled suspension , was better suited for his unstable environment . 
 he stopped below the large screen and looked up to it . 
 he liked the television . 
 at night , when there was less work , people would gather and watch films or shows , things that did n't interest ernie . 
 he wanted to see the news , to gather information . 
 he wanted to learn . 
 during the daytime , the canteen television was switched to the news stations , which provided background noise for the busy environment . 
 the news was different to the information on the uss merciful 's databanks . 
 the onboard computer contained statistics , files , plans and details . 
 there was information about the people ernie treated , their records and their place within the vast scheme of the military organisation . 
 but there were no opinions . 
 only tangible facts . 
 and facts could be interpreted many ways . 
 the television told him different things . 
 the war that was n't called a war was being won . 
 mathematically , such an outcome was inevitable . 
 but there were still many losses . 
 life , which was a term ernie could understand , if not relate to , was being sacrificed . 
 ernie 's processor could not fathom why what they were doing was not classed as a war . 
 ` a state of armed conflict between different nations , states , or armed groups , ' is how the dictionary in his electronic brain listed the word . 
 and that was clearly what was taking place . 
 there was definitely conflict because ernie saw the blood , injuries and death it caused . 
 but it was not called a war . 
 the news also gave ernie insights into how other people viewed the actions taking place . 
 there was a great unhappiness about it all . 
 a great sadness for the losses . 
 if it was not a war , then why should there be sadness ? 
 why should there be loss ? 
 soldiers in the field had a thirteen-point-five percent chance of being wounded or killed in certain areas of the country they occupied . 
 ernie would heal them , help them to live on , so that they may return to the war and continue the fight for the good of the country . 
 that was his design . 
 but it was not a war , and much of the country did not believe it was good . 
 those he healed went on to fight again . 
 ernie knew that he was in what a human would refer to as a state of confusion , that there were questions that his programming could not answer satisfactorily . 
 his state of uncertainty had begun forty-five hours before , and , to a certain extent , still persisted . 
 the name of a soldier he had healed one month ago had found its way back into the uss merciful 's database . 
 this time the name was on the list of those who were deceased . 
 ernie calculated that watching the news would help improve his understanding of the wider picture . 
 the more information he gained , the easier it would be clarify the situation . 
 he wanted to know why the war was not called a war . 
 not that such knowledge mattered to him , as even without it he already knew what he needed to do . 
 it was all in his programming . 
 he would help people to live on . 
 the calculation had been full of simple percentages . 
 oblivious to took place around him by in the busy canteen , ernie processed the images on the television screen until his internal clock announced that it was time to return to the operating theatre . 
 the inbound flight would touch down in three minutes . 
 an injured soldier , private jack wilson , had been assigned to his care . 
 * * * `` colonel , i believe we may have a problem with one of the medibots . '' 
 `` a problem , '' colonel hooper repeated . 
 he was sat behind his desk , contemplating how to tackle the mountain of paper work that had sprung up during the afternoon . 
 `` at ease , captain . 
 now , what sort of problem ? '' 
 captain richardson allowed his body to relax at the command of his superior officer . 
 `` it appears that one of them has developed a fault , sir . '' 
 `` i 'm a busy man , captain . 
 please stop talking like a lawyer . 
 what 's the damn problem ? '' 
 `` well , a sergeant brought it to my attention , sir . 
 number eleven has started butchering its patients . 
 he 's amputating their legs . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the sergeant informed me that a certain , '' richardson opened his notepad to confirm the name , `` private franklin taylor had his right leg removed unnecessarily . '' 
 `` unnecessarily ? '' 
 `` the sergeant reported that the leg was uninjured , sir . 
 the private 's wounds were all shoulder-height and above , '' richardson said in a matter of fact way . 
 his voice changed when he continued . 
 `` i looked into it further , sir . 
 in the last two days number eleven has amputated limbs from nine other patients . 
 that 's everyone it 's dealt with . '' 
 `` jesus christ , '' colonel hooper said as he rocked back in his chair . 
 `` i never wanted these machines onboard in the first place . 
 too much to go wrong . 
 all that crap about the three laws of robotics , how they could n't harm a human : they 're just fancy computers . 
 and computers fail . 
 organise a tech team and shut it down . 
 immediately . '' 
 captain richardson saluted . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 * * * medibot number eleven had almost finished his work on the unconscious body of private jack wilson when the door to his operating theatre opened with a whoosh of air . 
 the robot looked up , away from the scalpel in his hand , its black eyes turning to the new arrival . 
 `` please , '' ernie said , pausing a moment while he matched the face of the newcomer to records on the ship 's computer , `` captain james richardson , this is a sterile environment . 
 may i request that you leave immediately ? '' 
 `` number eleven , i order you to put down your instruments and back away from the patient . 
 you must comply , '' richardson said . 
 he was standing just inside the doorway and had his hand on his holstered sidearm . 
 he was n't sure why : the medibot was malfunctioning , had a glitch in its program , but it would n't do him any harm . 
 it was n't capable of such an act . 
 `` please repeat your order , sir . '' 
 `` put down you instruments and leave private wilson alone , '' richardson said . 
 he gestured with his left hand to the large glass window . 
 outside the theatre were four laboratory technicians in white coats . 
 behind them , the ward had been stunned into silence as patients and staff alike watched the ensuing drama . 
 `` you have a fault with your programming and the technical crew want to examine you , number eleven . '' 
 `` i can not leave my patient , sir . 
 please , call me ernie . '' 
 `` you can not disobey my order . 
 the second law of robotics prevents it . '' 
 ernie was silent for a while . 
 then he turned away from the operating table and rolled towards the doorway . 
 captain richardson stepped aside to let the robot pass . 
 he relaxed a little and breathed a sigh of relief . 
 he had not expected the medibot to resist , not even for the brief time that it had . 
 the programming should not have allowed it . 
 without warning , ernie hit the button to close and lock the automatic door . 
 captain richardson drew his sidearm as the door made its airtight seal , shutting off the cries from the technicians outside . 
 `` the second law is negated by conflict with the first . 
 i must not allow a human to be injured . 
 i must save private jack wilson . '' 
 richardson clicked off the safety of his automatic pistol , but he was stunned to find the medibot had already perceived the danger . 
 the mechanical arm struck the weapon from his grip . 
 `` be still , i will not harm you . 
 but i must save private jack wilson . '' 
 richardson went to step back , aiming to run around the operating table and unlock the door . 
 outside the toughened glass , he saw that three of the technicians were watching helplessly . 
 one of them had vanished , however , presumably to raise the alarm . 
 ernie grabbed richardson 's wrist , grasping it tight with his steel hand . 
 `` let go of me , '' the officer ordered . 
 the command was ignored , and , instead , ernie started to roll back to his tray of instruments . 
 richardson tried to fight against the robot , but their strengths were incomparable . 
 he was dragged around the table . 
 `` you must stop , that 's an order . '' 
 `` i must save private jack wilson . '' 
 `` he 's fine . 
 look , you 've treated him already . '' 
 with a fluid motion born of his mechanical nature , ernie inserted the tip of his scalpel though the skin of wilson 's right shin . 
 the patient flinched against his restraints but he did not wake up . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with his leg ; you 're hurting him . '' 
 `` i am saving him . '' 
 ernie used his metal fingers to ease back a large flap of skin , large enough , he calculated , to be able to fold over the stump of private wilson 's lower leg once it was amputated . 
 he laid the flesh over the kneecap , revealing the bone beneath . 
 he placed the scalpel on the tray and took up the bone-saw . 
 `` do n't do this , '' richardson pleaded . 
 `` i must . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 his leg is fine . 
 you 've already saved him . 
 why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` he is not saved . 
 his injuries are minor . 
 i estimate three weeks ' recuperation before he is returned to active duty . 
 after this , there is a high-percentage chance that he may be injured again in the field . 
 perhaps even killed . 
 my duty is to save him and minimise the risk of future harm . 
 to do this i must amputate a limb . 
 then he will be sent home . 
 i must do this to save him . '' 
 captain richardson stood aghast at the reasoning of the medibot . 
 he did n't know what to say . 
 with wide eyes he watched the blade of the bone-saw settle against private wilson 's shin . 
 beyond the glass windows several marines had arrived , but richardson knew it was too late . 
 he looked down at his boots , away from the grim sight of the operating table , but he could not block the horrid sound of splintering bone from his head as the medibot worked the saw . 
 on the table , private jack wilson came to . 
 he looked down towards the agony he felt and screamed . 
 * * * no , my father was not like other dads . 
 a malfunctioning robot made him different . 
 a prisoner to its own logic , the robot cut off his leg just below the knee . 
 i never played football with my dad , jack wilson , or did the things other sons do , and i know his disability played on his mind . 
 he thought of it all the time . 
 but on this day , the day i read his eulogy , i offer praise and thanks to that malfunctioning robot . 
 for in taking his leg , that robot saved my father 's life . 
 four weeks after that fateful meeting , his unit was ambushed and killed . 
 no-one survived . 
 i would never have known my father but for that robot , and it is that wonderful machine i have to thank for the fifty years of memories we made after that . 
 # # # # no smoke without fire i 'll be home safe , hannah . 
 i promise . 
 the screaming was so loud that thomas baxter felt it pushing through his skull , squeezing his brain . 
 he wanted to cry out . 
 to make it stop . 
 the other passenger 's voices threatened to overcome his thoughts . 
 not so sure now , though . 
 reckon it 's a promise i ca n't keep . 
 turning his head , he saw the tops of trees stretching out to the distant horizon , where the green carpet of thick rain forest met the blue sky . 
 fucking planes . 
 out on the wing , the engine smoked with flames streaking out behind it like the trail of a comet . 
 the blue sky turned dark , the windows suddenly submerged in the foliage . 
 there was a thunderous noise as the airframe tore through the leaves and branches , ploughing through the tops of the trees , plunging to the swampy rain forest floor . 
 dead . 
 darkness . 
 silence . 
 nothing more . 
 i 'm alive . 
 thomas uncurled from the ball he 'd made in his seat and opened his eyes . 
 the photograph of his daughter was still clutched in his hand . 
 he stared at the faded picture , surprised to see her small face and blonde hair again . 
 she was smiling , a perfect image in the pink dress she got for her fourth birthday . 
 nearly a year ago . 
 away so long . 
 it was worth it . 
 i 'm alive . 
 he reached into his shirt and touched the leather pouch that hung by a chain around his neck . 
 the diamonds were still there . 
 safe and secure . 
 thomas widened his field of vision . 
 there were wisps of black smoke in the cabin , but not much . 
 the smell of burning fuel teased his nostrils . 
 so much had changed ; he 'd been unconscious . 
 but he was still alive . 
 he had n't expected that . 
 there was lots of noise ; someone cried , fires crackled and the shattered starboard engine whirred to a halt . 
 but compared to a few seconds before , when the straining engines had failed and the beech king had torn into the tree canopy , ripping through the foliage on the way to the forest floor , it seemed like silence . 
 `` are you okay , mr. baxter ? '' 
 thomas turned to face the steward . 
 his dark face was stained with sweat but his mouth displayed large white teeth behind a forced smile . 
 `` mr. baxter ? '' 
 `` fine , '' thomas answered . 
 `` we must get off the plane . '' 
 thomas unbuckled his seatbelt , wondering why he 'd even bothered to apply it . 
 it did n't save your life ; you just got lucky . 
 rising to his feet , he rocked into the plastic back of the chair in front of him . 
 the plane was n't level , it had landed nose down , easily the angle of a steep hill . 
 from the windows , thomas saw that the wing was gone . 
 only a few struts remained , jutting out into the undergrowth . 
 vines and leaves rested against the small round windows . 
 `` wait here , mr. baxter , '' the steward said . 
 thomas nodded and glanced back at the rest of the aircraft . 
 the back section , the tail and part of the cabin were gone . 
 blue sky lashed with leafs and the woven branches of the high-canopy were all that could be seen . 
 there were four other passengers . 
 an african with several gold teeth and kaki clothes , a young couple in their late teens or early twenties and a middle-aged woman in a loose-fitting yellow blouse and cream trousers . 
 she was the one nearest the opening , the one whose chair was now the furthest back . 
 there had been more . 
 thomas remembered that at least two people had been on the back row , their legs stretched out as they relaxed during the flight . 
 they were gone now . 
 all dead . 
 but i 'm alive . 
 i can go home . 
 a scream came from beyond the cockpit door . 
 thomas turned towards it , surprised at the sound . 
 he 'd not expected the pilots to survive , not so exposed in the cockpit . 
 he hurried to the door and gripped the handle . 
 the scream became a voice , a terrible cry . 
 `` please , god , help me . '' 
 thomas opened the door . 
 the cockpit was wrecked . 
 the windows were obliterated and the metal of the nose cone was twisted and ruined . 
 bits of glass , metal and pieces of the plastic console covered the carpet , surrounded by leaves . 
 the forest had forced its way inside , filling the small room with green and brown . 
 there was red as well . 
 a branch had pierced through the back of the pilot 's chair , impaling him where he sat . 
 it was the size of a fence post and its bark was stained with his innards . 
 blood oozed down the chair 's backing . 
 his right arm hung into the centre of the cockpit , lifeless and still . 
 even without seeing him , thomas knew the pilot was dead . 
 it was the co-pilot who 'd screamed . 
 his chair had broken loose and slid into the console , crushing his legs . 
 at the sound of the door he 'd turned his head to thomas , his eyes gaping with pain and fear . 
 he was not alone in the cockpit . 
 between the two seats was what looked like a chimpanzee . 
 except it was much too big . 
 it was as big as a man , bigger than most . 
 even hunched over , its body sloping forwards with its knuckles flat on the cabin floor , the creature could look thomas straight in the eye . 
 its hairless face was the size of a dinner plate , the bone of its forehead protruding far beyond its shadowy eyes . 
 a wide , pinkish scar ran from the corner of its mouth to its ear . 
 thomas felt as though his feet were pinned to the ground . 
 nailed in place . 
 he wanted to run but could n't even turn . 
 the scarred chimp turned to the dead pilot . 
 it wrapped its padded fingers around the body 's outstretched arm and gave it an effortless yank . 
 the cockpit filled with the crack of bone and the wet , snapping tear of muscle and flesh . 
 the white shirtsleeve ripped , turning crimson with blood where the arm had been pulled clean from the shoulder . 
 thomas vomited . 
 holding its prize aloft , the chimp 's lips slid open over its teeth . 
 to thomas , they looked like jagged yellow dominoes . 
 the co-pilot screamed again . 
 yellow teeth sunk into the arm , biting away a fist-sized chunk . 
 the gun ! 
 thomas pulled the revolver from inside his grey waistcoat and swung it towards the chimp . 
 the gunshot filled the cockpit with noise . 
 acrid smoke wafted from the barrel . 
 the chimp screeched as a shock of black fur left its shoulder . 
 there was a spray of blood as well , but thomas knew he 'd been too hasty . 
 the shot was only a flesh wound . 
 he pulled at the trigger again , but by the time the chamber had revolved another sixth , the chimp had squeezed out of the empty front window and escaped into the trees . 
 the bullet ripped uselessly out into the rain forest . 
 `` what was that , mr. baxter ? '' 
 thomas felt the steward at his side , but was too absorbed by the pilot 's arm to answer . 
 the chimp had discarded the appendage when it had fled and the limb rested on the console beneath the window . 
 the steward squeezed past him and knelt beside the co-pilot . 
 `` mr. lewis , are you all right ? '' 
 `` my legs . '' 
 `` we must get help . 
 is the radio still working ? '' 
 `` we 've already sent the mayday . '' 
 `` be still , mr. lewis . 
 i will get the first aid kit . '' 
 thomas stood aside to let the steward out of the cockpit . 
 the co-pilot caught his gaze . 
 `` i 'm glad you had that , '' he said , eyeing the revolver . 
 `` so am i . 
 what was that thing ? '' 
 `` a chimp ? '' 
 `` too big . '' 
 `` yeah , '' the co-pilot said . 
 thomas noticed that there was blood in the injured man 's mouth , bubbling up from his chest . 
 his lungs . 
 it lingered in the gullies between his teeth . 
 `` but it sure looked like one . '' 
 a screech spread through the trees . 
 another one came in reply , close by . 
 thomas looked out through the shattered cockpit window , staring out into the foliage . 
 more screeches sounded . 
 `` it was n't alone , '' thomas said . 
 he raised his revolver . 
 something thudded against the outside of the cabin . 
 it clanged against the metal airframe . 
 thomas hopped back a couple of paces , swinging his gun . 
 the co-pilot jumped in his chair , causing him to cry out in pain . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 a rock sailed through the opening of the broken window and clattered against the back wall of the cockpit . 
 it settled by thomas 's left boot . 
 grey , damp and vaguely round , the rock was the size of an apple . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` help me out of here , '' the co-pilot said . 
 another rock came through the window . 
 is this really happening ? 
 thomas knelt at the co-pilot 's side , making sure he was protected from the rocks by the console . 
 he examined the co-pilot 's legs . 
 they were pinned in place , crushed between the seat and the controls . 
 blood showed around the brown material of his trousers . 
 `` you 're safer where you are until help comes . 
 releasing your legs might cause more complications . '' 
 `` a village , '' the co-pilot said . 
 `` we saw a village up river . 
 not far . 
 some huts and a fire . 
 take me there . '' 
 a flurry of rocks entered the cockpit . 
 others banged against the airframe . 
 one flew straight through into the passenger compartment . 
 several cries of surprise came from the occupants . 
 the steward rushed in , a brown satchel over his shoulder . 
 there was a red cross printed on the zipped flap . 
 `` what is happening , mr. lewis ? '' 
 the co-pilot did n't answer . 
 his head was slumped against his shoulder and blood gushed from a large dent in the top of his skull . 
 the hair was matted around the broken bone . 
 he 'd been hit by a rock . 
 `` i think he 's dead , '' thomas said . 
 `` at least unconscious . '' 
 all around the outside of the cockpit , the screeching seemed to be getting louder . 
 closer . 
 the foliage started to shake . 
 the leaves and branches rattled , hissing in the still air . 
 that 's not the wind . 
 a rock smashed against the wall beside the steward . 
 he dropped to his knees . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' thomas answered . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` winston . '' 
 `` i think we need to get out of here , winston . '' 
 there was a scream from the passenger compartment . 
 thomas looked beyond the steward , straight up the central aisle . 
 the noise had come from the woman in the yellow blouse . 
 another giant chimpanzee had entered the aircraft , climbing in through the opening created by the missing tail section . 
 the chimp 's wide , long black arm had wrapped across the woman 's chest . 
 in its other hand the chimp held a four-foot long stick , an inch in diameter that had one end worked into a jagged point . 
 it shook the spear in the air , then bounded from the aircraft , carrying the woman off . 
 she screamed as she vanished from sight . 
 `` mrs. dawson , '' the steward shouted . 
 he ran into the passenger compartment but the scream faded away . 
 around the cockpit , the screeches were getting closer . 
 thomas levelled his revolver at the empty windscreen and backed away . 
 the foliage outside shook with more violence . 
 he saw fleeting glimpses of black fur through the gaps . 
 there were chimps all around . 
 lots of them . 
 too many to count . 
 more rocks crashed against the outside of the beech king . 
 thomas stepped back out of the cockpit and slammed shut the door . 
 he turned to the other passengers . 
 `` we have to get out , now . '' 
 the black african with gold teeth raised a long machete . 
 it glinted orange in the light of some of the fires outside . 
 `` did you see that monkey ? '' 
 `` there 's more , '' thomas replied . 
 `` and they 're attacking . '' 
 `` i 'm a hunter , '' the african said . 
 `` monkeys do n't do that . '' 
 from behind the cockpit door came the sound of glass breaking . 
 there was a moment of silence and then a scream . 
 a long , pain-filled scream . 
 it ended suddenly . 
 `` mr. lewis ! '' 
 winston the steward cried out , and he dashed towards the cockpit , shoving thomas out of the way . 
 he pulled open the door . 
 the two seats were empty . 
 the bodies had gone . 
 winston sunk to his knees , doubling over on the debris-strewn carpet . 
 thomas saw why . 
 one of the co-pilot 's legs remained pinned in place between the console and the seat . 
 the rest had been ripped away from the knee joint . 
 blood soaked the seat . 
 thomas grabbed winston and dragged him back out of the cockpit . 
 he slammed the door shut and looked for a lock . 
 there was n't one . 
 he held his revolver at the ready . 
 you got ta survive . 
 got ta see hannah . 
 `` what are these beasts ? '' 
 winston sobbed . 
 thomas left him on the floor , turning to the others . 
 `` who else is armed ? '' 
 the african hunter turned his knife back and forth . 
 `` i only have this . '' 
 it 's nearly her birthday . 
 `` right , there 's a village not far away , just up river . 
 we have to reach it . '' 
 `` maybe we should stay here , white man , '' the hunter said . 
 `` they 'll kill us outside . 
 better to defend here . '' 
 `` those monkey 's eyes . 
 they 're different . 
 they 'll kill us if we stay , '' thomas said . 
 he started up the central aisle . 
 the steward tugged on his trouser leg . 
 `` we should remain with the aircraft . 
 help will come . 
 mr. lewis said they sent the mayday . '' 
 got ta keep going . 
 another voice piped up . 
 `` hey , please . 
 you have a gun . 
 stay with us . '' 
 thomas turned to the young man . 
 he had risen from his chair , but not moved any distance . 
 his female companion , blonde and pretty , remained in her seat . 
 she was crying into the palms of her hands . 
 for the first time , thomas noted the crutches stowed beneath her seat . 
 `` my sister has a broken ankle . 
 she ca n't leave . '' 
 thomas weighed his options . 
 stay alive . 
 fuck the rest . 
 `` sorry , kid , '' thomas replied . 
 he jogged up the aisle to the opening . 
 looking down , he saw the wet , sticky ground beneath through a weave of leafless branches . 
 it was a ten-foot drop . 
 he would have to climb down . 
 he started to look for a vine , a strong enough branch , something to grab hold of . 
 at the other end of the beech king , the cockpit door burst open . 
 it flew off its hinges . 
 `` please , god , '' winston yelled . 
 the pretty blonde screamed and her brother shouted in panic . 
 thomas took one look over his shoulder . 
 half a dozen of the oversized chimps were rushing up the aircraft , speeding on feet and knuckles and leaping over the seats . 
 the leading one 's face was already splashed with blood . 
 another carried the co-pilot 's arm between its decayed teeth . 
 forgetting the distance , thomas jumped . 
 his body jarred when he landed . 
 the stagnant , putrid water came up to his knees , splashing up into his mouth . 
 it tasted like death . 
 he wiped it from his eyes and started to run , dragging his boots from out of the cloying mud . 
 his progress was slow in the knee-deep water , some steps sent him sinking deeper , plunging up to his waist . 
 he scanned the way ahead , searching for drier ground . 
 the african hunter dropped down from the beech king with his machete clasped between his teeth . 
 thomas heard him splashing through the water close behind . 
 the screams from the aircraft faded to nothing . 
 all thomas could hear was his rasping breath and the water around his legs . 
 then , the screeching resumed . 
 he glanced back to the aircraft , despairing that he had only managed to cover thirty yards . 
 the african was only half that far . 
 perched on the tip of the broken fuselage , one long arm raised towards the blue sky , the other thumping its hairless chest , was the scarred chimp . 
 others appeared behind it . 
 one carried the headless torso of the pretty blonde . 
 the unencumbered chimps took to the trees . 
 thomas felt his boot fall upon firmer ground . 
 he emerged from the water and surged on with renewed effort . 
 weaving through the tree trunks and low branches , thomas gasped for air but kept running . 
 he heard the trees around him rustling , high above in the canopy . 
 `` wait for me , '' the african shouted . 
 thomas looked back but did n't stop . 
 a chimp swooped from the trees to bundle the african to the soaking ground . 
 the machete flashed in the sunlight as it flew from the hunter 's hand . 
 he cried out in despair . 
 the chimp ripped his head from his shoulders and blood spewed into the air . 
 thomas kept running . 
 the trees started to thin , the canopy reducing until the only thing above him was the blue , cloudless sky . 
 there was the sound of running water in the distance . 
 the river . 
 thomas scanned the horizon for the village . 
 the co-pilot had spoken of huts and a fire . 
 he spotted a column of black smoke in the distance , rising up from beyond a slight incline . 
 thomas veered towards the smoke , away from the churning river . 
 he was in a clearing , out from beneath the canopy of trees . 
 he forced himself to look back . 
 five of the massive chimps were still chasing . 
 they were on the ground , running on all fours , their knuckles pounding the floor . 
 they were forty yards away . 
 but they were gaining . 
 thomas took three quick shots with his revolver . 
 none of the creatures were hurt , but the sound disrupted their rhythm , sending them reeling a few paces here and there . 
 all across the tree line , birds took to the sky . 
 the chimps were soon back on the pace . 
 thomas reached the top of the incline . 
 the village lay before him . 
 he hurtled towards it , his legs threatening to run away from him . 
 there were several huts made from wood and mud , and they ringed a bonfire that raged in the middle of the camp . 
 black figures surrounded the blaze . 
 a flash of yellow caught his eye . 
 his mouth gaped open . 
 beside the fire was the woman from the beech king , the one who 'd been carried away . 
 she was right alongside the flames , bound to a stake in the ground with her head slumped down onto her chest . 
 thomas hoped she was dead . 
 in a flash , her hair turned to cinders . 
 next her yellow blouse flared up red and orange , burning around her . 
 the skin of her face bubbled . 
 she began to scream . 
 thomas stopped and aimed his revolver . 
 he put a bullet in her head , silencing her cries . 
 around the fire , the black figures , the chimps , went wild . 
 one of them approached the woman , dashing in quickly and snapping off her right arm at the elbow . 
 for a moment , the chimp held the arm into the flames , then retreated back and started to tear at the flesh with his teeth . 
 thomas fell to his knees . 
 he put his revolver to his head . 
 better off dead . 
 the hammer clicked harmlessly . 
 no more bullets . 
 thomas let the gun drop to the floor and spread his arms out wide . 
 he looked up at the blue sky and screamed . 
 # # # # the grave-robbing doctor hawthorne and the lady in the black veil the king william tavern hummed with activity . 
 most of the guests were locals , regulars who occupied the same seats as usual , or stood in familiar places at the bar . 
 log fires burned in stone hearths at either end of the long room , heating the building against the cold of the outside air and adding their light to the assortment of tabletop lanterns . 
 the inside of the windows ran with condense , which formed puddles on the white-painted sills . 
 there was little activity to be seen on the cobbled streets outside . 
 for the most part , the small town had settled in for the night . 
 in one corner of the tavern , two brothers were sitting at a table that was tucked too close to one of the fireplaces , where the warmth was overpowering on one side of their bodies . 
 jack crowner nursed his jug of ale . 
 harry finished his own drink and pushed the empty jug away . 
 white froth lingered on the unkempt beard around his mouth . 
 `` another ? '' 
 harry asked . 
 `` i told you , '' jack replied . 
 `` we do n't have enough money . '' 
 a blast of cold air announced the arrival of another guest in the tavern . 
 the icy wind blew in through the open door , flaring up the flames in the fireplace . 
 a short , stocky man came inside and closed the door . 
 he approached the bar and purchased a drink . 
 within a few seconds , he had found an empty table close to where the two brothers sat . 
 harry eyed the newcomer suspiciously , scanning over the man 's brown trousers and leather jerkin . 
 there was a deep scar down the left side of his face . 
 `` there 's enough in your pack , '' harry said , returning his attention to his brother . 
 `` not to buy passage to america . '' 
 harry rolled his eyes and then wiped his lips . 
 `` we 'll just have to find work when we reach liverpool . 
 maybe we could work our passage ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' jack said . 
 `` but all i know for sure is that we 're nearly broke . '' 
 `` you worry too much . '' 
 `` is it money you 're after ? '' 
 said the man in the leather jerkin . 
 he spoke over the rim of his ale jug , but loud enough that his interjection could n't be ignored . 
 `` who is n't after money ? '' 
 jack replied . 
 `` i could offer you a job , as long as you do n't mind a little hard work . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 but we 're just passing through . 
 we 'll be gone in the morning . '' 
 the scar-faced man smiled . 
 `` my job needs doing on this night , '' he said , and pulled a small bag of coins from his jerkin . 
 he tossed the pouch onto the brothers ' table , where it landed with a satisfying clunk on the wooden top . 
 `` and it pays handsomely . '' 
 harry loosened the drawstring and looked inside . 
 he nodded to his brother . 
 `` tell us about the job , '' jack said . 
 the scar-faced man brought his stool and jug of ale over to the brothers ' table and sat down . 
 when he spoke , his voice was hushed . 
 `` i am mr. thompson and i work for the good doctor hawthorne . 
 he spends much of the year in london , but returns here every few months to conduct his research . 
 i offer him assistance where i can . '' 
 `` assistance ? '' 
 `` i acquire items he needs . 
 excuse me , but i did n't catch your names . '' 
 `` i 'm jack crowner , and this is my brother , harry . 
 but , enough small talk . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 mr. thompson hesitated for a moment . 
 the scent of fresh leather filled the air around him and jack guessed he was probably the local tanner . 
 he was clean-shaven , which revealed a jagged scar down his left cheek . 
 the white hair on his head was short and tidy . 
 brown eyes peered out beneath a furrowed brow , and his lips were curled up at the edges , not so much as a smile , but more an expression of faint amusement . 
 `` a woman was interned at the cemetery this afternoon . 
 doctor hawthorne needs her body exhumed and another buried in its place . '' 
 `` grave robbing ? '' 
 `` of sorts , yes . '' 
 `` why that body ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` doctor hawthorne is undertaking vital medical study . 
 he is expanding the realms of human understanding about the vessels that we live in . 
 well , that 's what he says . 
 all i know is , he assures me that no rotting corpse is of any use to his studies . 
 he must have fresh subjects . 
 so , what is it do be ? 
 will you accept the doctor 's coin ? '' 
 `` why not do it yourself ? 
 why choose two men passing through your town ? '' 
 `` why is that important to you ? 
 i offer you work , on behalf of the doctor . 
 you can see he pays well . '' 
 jack looked at the bag of coins in the palm of harry 's hand . 
 his brother gave him a small , yet determined nod . 
 `` i want to know why you have n't chosen someone local ? 
 i do n't believe there 's no one in these parts willing to do the doctor 's work . 
 that 's a handsome purse . '' 
 `` very handsome , and you 'll receive the same again on delivery of the item . 
 do you accept the job , '' the tanner asked , `` or shall i look for someone else ? 
 as i have told you , speed is of the essence . 
 this can not be allowed to linger for another day . '' 
 `` then tell me why there is no one local willing to do it . 
 once i know this , i will give you our answer . '' 
 mr. thompson nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 i can understand your suspicions . 
 are you superstitious ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` many people in these parts are , even in such enlightened times as these . '' 
 `` go on . '' 
 mr. thompson leant in towards jack , angling his head and shoulders above the table . 
 the smell of leather grew stronger . 
 `` people believe that there is a ghost in the cemetery . '' 
 `` a ghost ? '' 
 `` she is called the lady in the black veil , and it is said that she wanders the cemetery at night . 
 people say that if you should see her , you must stand quite still and let her pass , for she is in mourning . '' 
 `` stand still ? '' 
 `` she gives chase if you run . '' 
 `` a ghost that gives chase ? '' 
 `` indeed , mr. crowner . 
 i can see you are amused . 
 and i agree that such beliefs are nonsense as well . 
 the lady in the black veil is a child 's tale , a nonsense that children in these parts grow up with . 
 but they carry it into their adult lives . 
 in this tavern , i could find a man to slit another 's throat for a shilling , but not one who would venture into the cemetery at night , not for any sum of money the doctor could muster . 
 even i am reluctant . '' 
 jack smiled . 
 the thought of a ghost almost caused him to laugh . 
 `` if that is the case , then we accept . '' 
 the tanner shook jack 's offered hand . 
 `` now , listen close , and i shall give you the details . '' 
 * * * a pair of eight-foot tall iron gates stood in the centre of an uneven stone wall . 
 although they were closed , there was no sign of any lock . 
 they could walk straight in . 
 jack turned his head to look back along the road they had come by . 
 the dirt and loose stone surface soon became a dark line that cut through the trees , winding back to the small town . 
 on the left , built on a slight hill , the church steeple rose high into the night sky , reaching up to the stars and the bright yellow disc of the full moon . 
 an unseen owl hooted in the trees . 
 `` i 'm not so sure about this anymore . '' 
 jack turned to his brother . 
 `` we do n't have a choice . 
 we need the money . '' 
 `` still , it 's not right . '' 
 `` no , it is n't . 
 it 's not right that we fought for our country and are now forgotten . 
 that when winter comes we shiver in the cold ; too poor to buy warm clothes . 
 the rich can afford to spend more on the dead than is spent on us , the living . '' 
 he took the bag of coins the tanner had given him and tossed it in the air . 
 it jangled when he caught it . 
 `` this money will allow us to reach liverpool and buy passage to america . 
 we 'll be new men , brother , and we can forget that this night ever happened . '' 
 `` you may forget , '' harry said . 
 jack gripped the cold black metal of the gate and pushed it open . 
 the hinges screeched . 
 `` can you see the handcart ? '' 
 harry asked . 
 jack stepped into the graveyard . 
 there was a pathway of stone slabs that ran from the gate up the middle of the cemetery . 
 on either side , lines of gravestones extended off into the darkness , vanishing into the shadows . 
 the ones closest to the gate were the oldest , the first ones to be laid to rest , and several of the stones had subsided and dropped from their once upright positions . 
 a handcart was inside the gate and a little to the right , close to the uneven wall . 
 its two long handles were visible against the grass , but its bed was covered with a large blanket that draped all the way to the ground on both sides , covering the wheels . 
 jack eyed the shapes beneath the blanket with reluctance . 
 on the right-hand side of the narrow cart he could make out the familiar shapes of the tools mr. thompson had mentioned . 
 he could see the outline of a pair of spades , a larger shovel and two cylindrical objects , which he took to be lanterns . 
 the left-hand side of the blanket covered the shape of something else . 
 something jack was sure he did n't want to see . 
 he walked over to the handcart and lifted up the right-hand side of the blanket . 
 he did it carefully , slowly , and pulled it up enough to see the tools he wanted . 
 nevertheless , a dreadful smell escaped onto the breeze . 
 `` is that the body ? '' 
 harry asked . 
 jacked handed his brother one of the lanterns and then opened the small glass door to access the candle inside . 
 there was a box of matches on the handcart and jack took it up and struck one . 
 he lit the candle and closed the door . 
 the lantern cast a changing globe of orange light around it as the candle flickered . 
 `` jack , is that the body ? '' 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 jack answered . 
 he had lit the second lantern and grabbed both a spade and a shovel around their stems . 
 harry did the same . 
 he also collected some roughly cut planks of wood . 
 `` come on , let 's go and find this grave . 
 the quicker we 're finished here the better . '' 
 the two brothers walked along the stone-slab path , moving away from the gate , going deeper into the cemetery . 
 they walked far slower than their usual pace , their footsteps measured and heedful . 
 even with their lanterns to keep the darkness at bay , jack found that his heart was beating faster than normal , and that there was sweat on his brow , damp perspiration across his lower back . 
 there was a knot in his stomach ; a churning feeling that did not subside . 
 he knew the feeling well . 
 he had been a soldier , he had fought battles , he had killed and been wounded . 
 he knew he was in the ruthless grip of fear . 
 harry turned in a circle , looking all around them until he was again face to face with his brother . 
 there were graves all around them . 
 high above , the moon vanished behind a cloud . 
 the celestial change left them with nothing but the weak glow of their lanterns for illumination . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 let 's just go . 
 we already have one purse . '' 
 `` we ca n't afford not to do this , harry . 
 you 're not scared of the ghost , the lady in the black veil , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not scared , '' harry answered . 
 he straightened his back so that he was standing at his full height . 
 he was taller than his older brother was , and broader across the chest . 
 `` but i do n't like this place . '' 
 `` neither do i , '' jack said as he turned to continue along the path . 
 `` but we 'll be done soon enough . 
 and then we can be on our way . '' 
 from somewhere in the graveyard came a fluttering of wings , an owl taking flight into the black sky . 
 there was a trickling of water close by , a stream in the nearby woodland . 
 jack listened to the sound of his brother 's footsteps , the noise close on his heels . 
 `` we 're nearly there , '' harry said , his voice almost a whisper . 
 jack agreed with a nod of his head . 
 the lines of graves had ceased . 
 the stones were much newer than the ones they had first seen and the carved inscriptions were easy to read , even by the unsteady light of the lanterns . 
 `` do you think they 'll start a new row from the left or right ? '' 
 `` the left . '' 
 jack stepped off the pathway onto the crisp grass . 
 the moon escaped the cloud and cast its pale light once again over the cemetery . 
 forty yards further along , prominent against the carpet-like grass , was a dark lump , a rectangle of soil raised above the ground . 
 the new grave had no headstone , no marking except for its eerie shape . 
 jack stood at the foot of the grave , his toes overlapping the blurred edge of soil and grass . 
 harry waited beside him . 
 `` this is it ? '' 
 jack nodded . 
 there were several other graves beyond the one they stood over , but the soil had already started to sink into the ground , regaining its proper level . 
 this was the one . 
 a small bunch of bluebells , their stems tied together with a piece of string , rested on top of the earth . 
 harry leant forwards to knock them aside with his spade . 
 `` wait , '' jack said , placing a hand on his brother 's shoulder . 
 `` take care of them . 
 we 'll put them back when we 're done . '' 
 harry 's grey eyes shone . 
 he dropped his spade and then scooped up the flowers with his hand . 
 `` i thought you were n't sentimental . '' 
 `` putting them back will make it less likely that someone knows what 's been done . '' 
 `` what do we care ? 
 we 'll be miles away . '' 
 `` just do it , '' jack snapped . 
 he immediately regretted it . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i feel really on edge . '' 
 harry carried the bluebells away from the grave and placed them on top of a headstone . 
 `` it 's this place , '' he said , `` it makes me feel the same way . '' 
 jack placed his lantern on the ground , put down his shovel and then thrust his spade into the mound of earth . 
 the tool slid in easily , slicing through the disturbed soil . 
 `` this wo n't be too difficult . '' 
 starting at the other end of the rectangle , harry plunged his own spade down . 
 `` then , let 's be quick . '' 
 * * * away from the main gate , and on the opposite side of the cemetery to where the two brothers laboured , was the entrance to a small lane . 
 it led from the church down to the cemetery . 
 the dirt path appeared unannounced between the shrubs and the overhanging trees , which shielded away the moonlight from its rutted surface . 
 the path had been there many years , although it showed on no map , and was too small for the use of horse or cart . 
 those who walked its winding route came to attend the graves of their dear and departed . 
 in the darkness , something moved . 
 it came slowly , negotiating the winding route with unnatural grace . 
 black robes billowed around the figure , hiding its limbs among its ever-changing layers of cloth . 
 silently , the black figure entered the cemetery . 
 * * * the deeper the crowner brothers dug , the harder it became . 
 for a while , the work had been easy . 
 the backfill had been soft , loose and simple to shovel out . 
 but every inch was more difficult to heave up to the surface than the last . 
 the weight of the earth above had compressed the soil , binding it together . 
 gradually though , the excavated earth began to pile up beside the grave . 
 the air above it was alive with the sound of buzzing insects . 
 others circled the two lanterns , crashing against the glass coverings of the small flames . 
 both men had removed their jackets and shirts , sweat shimmering on their backs in the moonlight . 
 the two brothers had little to say . 
 they hardly spoke , their thoughts kept inside their minds . 
 each man wondered if the other felt as wretched as he did himself . 
 although they were tired , neither man considered stopping for a rest . 
 they both wanted to be done with the task , as quickly as possible , so that they could be out of the hole and away from the cemetery . 
 their shoulders were almost level with the ground when jack 's spade finally knocked against the wood . 
 the hollow thud reverberated under their feet . 
 jack wiped sweat from his brow with his forearm , smearing dirt across his skin . 
 `` we 've done it . '' 
 `` let 's be quick , brother . 
 i 'll finish this , you go and fetch the cart . '' 
 `` alright , help me up . '' 
 harry cupped his hands together to help boost his brother out of the grave . 
 jack scrambled upwards , pulling himself up by clawing his fingertips into the soil . 
 he pushed his boots against the firm earth walls , easing himself out to lay prone on the grass . 
 he took up a lantern and climbed to his feet . 
 `` i 'll be back shortly . '' 
 `` see that you are , '' harry answered from the grave . 
 he was dragging the soil to one end of the coffin with the head of his shovel , exposing the wooden top . 
 jack headed off , his lantern at his side . 
 he walked quickly , pleased to be away from the buzzing insects and the narrow , bare earth walls of the grave . 
 the fresh air filled his lungs and cooled the sweat on his back . 
 he reached the pathway and followed it back towards the gate . 
 the handcart appeared like a shadow by the old stone wall . 
 it was ominously dark . 
 jack approached it with a growing sense of unease . 
 there was definitely a body beneath the blanket . 
 the outline could have been nothing else . 
 dead bodies held no fear for jack crowner . 
 he had seen them , caused them and even lay among them as a soldier . 
 what jack feared were doctors . 
 he feared their butchering blades , the tools of their trade , and so he feared what the corpse beneath the blanket would appear like . 
 what use was a fresh corpse to a doctor if not to dissect and dismember ? 
 why would a doctor go to such trouble ? 
 jack placed a hand on the edge of the blanket . 
 he knew he did n't have to see . 
 he did n't have to look , not alone , not here . 
 he could reveal the handcart 's secrets at the grave with his brother . 
 but something inside him wanted to know what he was abetting . 
 he raised up the lantern , ready to see . 
 with a flick of his wrist , jack pulled back the blanket . 
 * * * hunched over in the grave , harry was using his spade to clear an area to the side of the coffin , which would give him enough space to lever off the lid . 
 he heard the approaching footsteps and straightened up . 
 `` that was quick , '' he said , grateful for his brother 's fast return . 
 `` i think i can get this open . '' 
 jack was n't there . 
 harry looked around , turning his head from side to side . 
 his brother was nowhere to be seen . 
 harry felt the hairs on his neck stand on end . 
 the shovel weighed heavy in his arms . 
 `` jack , '' he said , throwing his whispered voice as far as he could . 
 there was no response . 
 the pile of excavated earth blocked any view further into the cemetery , and the lines of gravestones prevented harry from seeing back towards the gate . 
 not that the pale moonlight would have granted sufficient illumination for him to have seen that far , for the night was too thick . 
 `` jack , '' he said , this time louder . 
 `` are you there ? '' 
 movement in the corner of harry 's eye drew his attention and he snapped his head towards it . 
 a figure daubed in black robes , a loose hood and veil , rose up from behind a headstone . 
 the sight caused harry to gasp . 
 `` what the devil , '' he cried . 
 the figure sidestepped and the black robes wafted around its body . 
 its head tilted to one side and one arm came up , trailing black lace . 
 there were black gloves inside the drooping sleeves . 
 the figure pointed at harry . 
 `` jack , '' he shouted , fear embedded into the drawn-out word . 
 the figure moved forwards , coming closer to the grave with surging , uneven steps . 
 the movements of its limbs were abrupt and jolting , the effect enhanced by the waving of the black material . 
 all the time , the figure kept its long black finger pointed at harry . 
 `` help me , '' harry screamed , his reasoning lost to fear . 
 he dropped the shovel as he tried to clamber from the hole , wriggling his body and thrusting down with his legs . 
 his boots found purchase and he pulled himself up onto the grass , his body flat out on his chest . 
 there was dirt in his mouth . 
 sweat in his eyes . 
 he turned his head . 
 the black-robed figure was standing above him , arching down towards him . 
 its black hands were outstretched . 
 `` you ca n't be , '' he stammered . 
 the words became a scream as the material settled upon his back . 
 * * * jack vomited . 
 his retching had caught him by surprise . 
 the bile spilled from his mouth and he doubled over , turning his head from what he had seen . 
 it landed on his boots and splashed up over his trousers . 
 the liquid burned his throat and the smell filled his nostrils . 
 he heaved again , emptying his stomach . 
 slowly , he stood back up , bracing himself to look at the body on the handcart once more . 
 the body belonged to a man . 
 he was stripped naked , revealing pallid skin that was marred by darker blotches . 
 the man 's eyes were vacant and open . 
 wide open . 
 there were dark streaks of red in the whites , burst blood vessels that had congealed upon the jelly surface of the eye . 
 his mouth was open , seemingly silenced in the act of screaming . 
 his stubble-covered face was frozen in his final expression of fear or pain , and his hands were balled into fists . 
 but if the man 's death had been terrible , jack could see that what had followed was the stuff of nightmares . 
 he brought his hand to his mouth to stop himself from gagging . 
 the man 's chest cavity had been opened . 
 the ribs had been snapped and individually peeled back so that the tips of the bone pointed upwards . 
 there was nothing left inside . 
 everything had been removed , every last organ , every last lump of flesh . 
 jack could see down to where the ribs curved away from the spine . 
 the surgeon 's work had left his subject 's chest looking like an empty bowl , a hideous , bloodstained empty bowl . 
 jack vomited again . 
 he reached up and pulled the blanket back across the hellish vision . 
 `` jack . '' 
 the sound of his brother calling his name led jack to bring up the lantern , casting it back in the direction of the exhumed grave . 
 there was nothing to be seen . 
 had he imagined it ? 
 jack was n't sure . 
 he waited for a moment , debating whether or not to take the handcart or return with greater haste . 
 `` help me . '' 
 jack sprung into life . 
 he had n't imagined it . 
 the cry was in his brother 's voice . 
 he left the handcart where it was and ran back along the pathway . 
 his feet were noisy on the slabs , the lantern swung from side to side . 
 why was harry calling to him ? 
 why would he risk someone hearing them unless something was wrong ? 
 he feared the earth had slipped , burying his brother . 
 in his mind he had a picture of his brother trapped beneath the soil , pinned down by the weight , choking on the dirt . 
 his tired legs found more speed . 
 he reached the last completed line of gravestones and left the pathway . 
 the grass was slippery beneath his boots . 
 there was light in the open grave , its luminance shining upwards in a flickering dome . 
 `` harry , '' jack called . 
 `` harry . '' 
 there was no reply . 
 he slowed down as he reached the graveside , frightened that he would fall over the edge , or that it would collapse further under the stress of his pounding feet . 
 `` where are you , harry ? '' 
 jack said . 
 carefully , he crept towards the edge , peering down . 
 the second lantern , the one he 'd left with his brother , was down in the grave , resting upon the wooden top of the coffin . 
 there was a shovel beside it . 
 apart from that , the grave was empty . 
 jack 's heart raced . 
 `` harry , '' he bellowed , calling the name at the top of his voice . 
 he no longer cared if they were overheard , no longer cared for the money they would lose if the job was left unfinished . 
 he wanted to find his brother and leave . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 fighting down the urge to run , jack started to turn around , the lantern held high and his eyes scanning the darkness around him . 
 the figure in black bore down on him , running ahead of a trail of billowing material . 
 jack wanted to scream , but he felt hands on his chest , shoving him backwards , and before he could react he was toppling over . 
 he fell into the grave . 
 the earth sides shot up past the edges of his vision as he plummeted down towards the coffin top . 
 the lantern fell to the ground and its glass shade shattered , extinguishing the candle . 
 the figure , the lady in the black veil , danced at the foot of the grave , watching jack fall . 
 he watched her back . 
 he watched her until his body struck the top of the coffin , when his vision failed and he could think no more . 
 * * * a strong scent of leather filled the air . 
 `` ah , you 've arrived . 
 here is your money . 
 you did n't have any problems ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` i found this in one of their pockets . 
 yours , i take it ? '' 
 there was a chinking of coins . 
 `` aye , they always want some payment up front . 
 as if i 'd give them a purse of coins unless there was a catch . '' 
 soft laughter . 
 `` i 'll need more next week . 
 one will be fine . 
 do you think it can be arranged ? '' 
 `` there 's always someone . '' 
 `` it appears there is . 
 but my research is nearing its conclusion . 
 soon my paper will be ready and then we can call a halt to all of this skulduggery . '' 
 `` some would call it worse . '' 
 `` medicine is for the greater good , mr. thompson . 
 what are the lives of these balanced against the good my increasing knowledge will achieve ? 
 an insignificance , that is all . '' 
 `` i am but your humble servant . '' 
 `` and your deeds will not be forgotten . 
 you have facilitated my work when no other would . 
 thank you , mr. thompson . '' 
 `` the credit will be yours . 
 i merely fill your ink well . 
 you are writing your masterpiece alone . '' 
 another clinking of coins , a ruffling of material . 
 `` i will leave you to your work . 
 we will speak next week . '' 
 the smell of leather started to fade . 
 jack forced open his eyes . 
 his vision was hazy . 
 nothing stayed still . 
 it moved , wobbled , left him feeling sick . 
 the room was bright . 
 there were countless candles around the white-painted walls . 
 the ceiling was low and had no covering . 
 there were dark wooden joists with floorboards on top of them . 
 the room was a basement . 
 jack was on his back . 
 he tilted his head to the side . 
 there was a clock on the wall . 
 he remembered its sound from his unconsciousness . 
 further along the wall was a wooden staircase . 
 someone was walking up them , but stopped and turned back . 
 it was the man from the tavern . 
 the tanner . 
 jack recognised his scarred face after a while . 
 the memory was cloudy , distant . 
 the man was wearing a sinister grin . 
 `` good night , doctor hawthorne . '' 
 `` good night , mr. thompson , '' answered the second voice . 
 the tanner left through the door at the top of the staircase . 
 for the brief moment it was ajar , jack caught a glimpse of daylight through a large window . 
 when it was gone , he turned his head the other way , searching for the second man . 
 `` you are awake , '' said a level voice . 
 jack lowered his gaze . 
 next to where he lay stood a tall , slim man who wore black trousers and a white shirt . 
 the silk sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and his hands were covered in blood . 
 there was a black apron tied around his front , which hung down to his knees . 
 his bespectacled eyes looked at jack , but a white mask obscured his mouth and nose . 
 `` i can not say that i am surprised . 
 laudanum is an effective painkiller , but even in high doses it wears off eventually . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 jack croaked . 
 `` i am doctor hawthorne , '' answered the man behind the mask . 
 his short brown hair was combed to the side . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` where 's my brother ? 
 we were attacked . '' 
 `` you were , and you knocked your head . 
 fear not , however . 
 it was only a superficial wound . 
 i have cleaned and bandaged it , so as it does you no harm . '' 
 `` you found us ? '' 
 the doctor caught a glint of light in his scalpel . 
 he examined it for a moment , turning it in front of his eyes . 
 `` you were at the cemetery , after midnight , where you were supposed to be . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 jack shook his head . 
 he was aware of a throbbing that seemed to fill his entire body . 
 the laudanum was wearing off . 
 an image of the dead man on the handcart flashed beneath the lids of his eyes . 
 `` the corpse ? '' 
 `` has been disposed of , thanks to you . 
 the grave you prepared was more than adequate . '' 
 jack tried to concentrate , forcing his mind to overcome its drug-induced delirium . 
 `` i saw , '' he said , `` i saw the ghost . 
 it is true . 
 you saved us ? '' 
 doctor hawthorne took a small step to his left . 
 behind him , draped on the walls by long nails were an assortment of black garments . 
 there were loose trousers , a shirt , a hooded cloak , a veil and gloves . 
 `` you have misunderstood , my new friend . 
 you were hired to dispose of the corpse on the handcart , and to provide me with a fresh body to conduct my work . 
 you have performed your tasks in an exemplary manner . '' 
 `` the woman ? '' 
 `` was dead , '' doctor hawthorne said with a shake of his head . 
 he reached up and pulled down his mask . 
 his thin lips were animated with a smile . 
 `` she was of no use to me . 
 i need only fresh bodies . 
 so fresh that the heart still beats , that the lungs still breathe and that the stomach still digests . 
 i need to watch a body perform its miracles . 
 beneath your skin lies a creation of great wonder . '' 
 jack raised his head to look down . 
 the skin of his chest was gone . 
 the ribs were snapped and pointed upright . 
 inside the exposed cavity he watched as his organs rippled and pulsed , a bloody mass that convulsed rhythmically . 
 doctor hawthorne tilted back his head , laughing . 
 jack crowner screamed . 
 # # # # also by drew brown : last hope : a zombie novel for budd ashby , the last day before the end of the world went rather well . 
 he scored a stay in london 's most expensive hotel , and spent the night with juliette , a beautiful french pop star . 
 by the following dawn , however , things are very different . 
 almost everyone is dead . 
 the power is out and the airwaves are empty . 
 isolated inside the hotel , the few survivors discover that the rest of london is much the same . 
 and things only get worse . 
 a dense fog descends from the sky , plunging the city streets into darkness . 
 then , the innumerable-dead return to life , the walking corpses hungry for living flesh . 
 to budd and juliette , staying alive seems an impossible task . 
 only one man knows that mere survival will not be enough . 
 the zombies are simply the beginning , and the real terror is still to come . 
 but , despite the desperate circumstances , he believes there is a single chance to save the world . 
 and whether budd likes it or not , he is the key . 
 he is mankind 's last hope . 
 sample : last hope : a zombie novel i guess you wan na know a little ' bout me . 
 which , as it happens , is a good thing , ’cause i , sure as hell-is-hot , do n't wan na sit here talking ' bout you . 
 my name 's william ashby , but you can just call me budd . 
 i was a chopper-jockey with the u.s. marine corps , but now i 'm retired . 
 well , not actually retired , more like discharged . 
 but that 's another story -- of cheap booze , an uppity colonel and a broken jaw . 
 and , yes , that is the right order , sir . 
 nowadays , i 'm just a civilian pilot , earning a crust with all the other schmucks . 
 but i 'm not one of those namby-pamby flyboys in their big passenger jets . 
 i fly proper planes , you know , the ones that do n't have a giant computer to do all the thinking . 
 the ones where bits fall off and you 're expected to keep going . 
 okay , so it ai n't rocket science . 
 but it 's a good , honest job . 
 and i do n't do too badly with the ladies in the flyer bars , either . 
 well , i 'll admit -- but just between us -- that most of my recent conquests have lived on the far side of wrinkly-bottom , if you know what i mean . 
 but i kinda like the more mature woman . 
 especially with the wonders of modern medicine . 
 you know , the cut ’n’ tuck ’n’ stretch kind . 
 not that i 'm one to talk ; over the years even these chiselled good looks have worn a bit rough around the edges . 
 in a good way , though . 
 makes me look more rugged . 
 but let 's get back to business . 
 for the last few months i 've been working for this research company , timetech solutions . 
 all i did was fly shipments and personnel between london and a crummy base on a rock the pesky russians called ostrov something-or-other -- hell , i ca n't pronounce the word . 
 the name translates to hope island , which , for those of you not holding an atlas and a magnifying glass , is located in the freezing waters of the arctic circle . 
 hope island . 
 the name could n't be more ironic . 
 the only hoping i ever did when i was there concerned getting off it again . 
 i did n't have a clue what timetech did , but they kept me busy , ferrying around the sky like a wet-behind-the-ears delivery boy . 
 i even picked up cartons of newspapers for the science nerds to read . 
 my boss was intimidated by his boss 's shadow , the coffee from the machines was always cold , most of the other pilots excelled at slacking off and i spent half my time in the wind and snow , shuffling around with my fingers crossed that the engines would n't freeze . 
 sure , if i try hard enough , i could think of some good points . 
 nah , it 'd take me all day . 
 i should 've jacked it in and got a new job , but i was far too lazy . 
 people have always told me that my laid-back attitude is a curse -- parents , teachers , ex-wives , lovers , bosses -- you know the score . 
 but , hey , at least i 've never had an ulcer . 
 so , i reckon i know what you 're asking yourself . 
 how did this all start ? 
 am i right ? 
 you 're trying to work out how a guy like me ended up stuck in a place like this , having first survived the end of the world . 
 well , let me tell you , brother , i 've been thinking ' bout that myself ! 
 and you 're in luck , ’cause i really do know where it all started . 
 i 'm probably the only one left alive on this god-forsaken planet who does . 
 what 's more , i was there . 
 right in the stinking-mouthed , bad-complexioned thick of it . 
 ai n't that something ? 
 the first exam i 'll ever get top marks on is ` armageddon -- 101 ! ' 
 my old lecturers would be so proud . 
 if they were n't already dead . 
 anyway , from what i heard , it started the same way as most problems do . 
 with an accountant ... the last day 1 a faint light appeared through the darkness . 
 it shone briefly before vanishing , obscured behind the low clouds and swirling , snow-filled air . 
 then came snatches of engine noise over the howling winds . 
 the mechanical din grew steadily until , at last , the small twin-engine aircraft broke out of the gloom with its nose pitched-up , ready to land . 
 the beechcraft king air 350lr aimed for the narrow strip of compacted gravel , which was topped loosely with fresh snow and would have been impossible to distinguish from the rest of the white , snow-covered wilderness were it not for the red and green lights that adorned its edges . 
 the tyres of the purpose-built king air were layered with tiny spikes for extra grip , and when the wheels touched down puffs of white powder shot up from the runway . 
 the aircraft slew from one side to the other as it reduced in speed , the rudder on the t-shaped tail edging from side to side as the pilot battled to keep the plane straight . 
 despite these difficulties , and the treacherous side-winds , the pilot managed to stabilise the aircraft and taxi it towards the doors of a green , snow-peaked hangar . 
 beyond the metal-panelled structure were other buildings of various sizes . 
 red lanterns on waist-high poles marked the shortest routes between them . 
 when the king air neared the hangar , the large green doors started to open , sliding apart . 
 the aircraft rolled inside before halting on the concrete ground . 
 around the aircraft came a surge of activity as green-overall wearing mechanics approached , some with toolboxes and one in the cab of a fuel truck . 
 swift action from the tool-monkeys was never a good sign . 
 not for me , anyway ... the pilot eyed the commotion as he gathered his things . 
 he walked down the aisle of the empty passenger section and pulled the lever to open the hatch at the rear of the aircraft . 
 he was immediately grateful for the blue ski-jacket that he wore . 
 the hangar doors were already closed , but the temperature inside the massive void had plunged below zero while they 'd been open . 
 standing below the hatch was a man with a large smile . 
 `` good flight , budd ? '' 
 he called up . 
 anthony pope was an african-american , born in san francisco , and had a heartfelt laugh and a happy demeanour . 
 he was wearing a grey jumper and padded trousers . 
 he 'd spoken over the top of a clipboard , but his eyes remained on his paperwork as he scribbled away with a pen . 
 `` same as usual , tony , '' the pilot answered . 
 william , or budd , ashby was six-one tall , with a strong but not overly muscular build . 
 he swept back his hair and scratched at his stubble-covered chin . 
 there was a hint of grey mixed in its dark hue . 
 `` that bad , hey ? '' 
 tony replied . 
 he tucked his pen behind his ear and tore off the top piece of paper . 
 he held it up for budd to take . 
 `` listen , i know you 're not gon na like this , but both josh and benny are down with stomach cramps , i 've got a meetin ' with the pen-pushers and one of the science boffins just requisitioned a flight with immediate effect . 
 i 'm afraid you 're gon na have to do it . '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 they ca n't both be on the sick . 
 they 're yankin ' your chain . 
 gim me a break , yeah ? 
 and there 's no way i should be flying in this weather , especially not solo . 
 there 's a storm coming . '' 
 `` you know the contract , budd . 
 the ground crew are refuelling you now and then you 're scheduled for take off . 
 that 's your flight plan , '' tony said . 
 `` why do n't you get some coffee while you 're waiting ? 
 again , i 'm sorry about this , but you can rest when you get there ; i cleared it with the boss that you do n't have to turn straight back around . '' 
 `` oh , thanks a lot , '' budd said , his words trailing into a sarcastic chuckle . 
 tony was a good guy , but far too much of a stickler . 
 if the science geeks wanted an emergency flight , i 'd have let ’em fly it themselves . 
 then they 'd know what an emergency really was ... `` well , i 've got ta get goin ' , '' tony said . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , yeah ? 
 remember , we 've got some downtime in new york next weekend . 
 i got our places booked on the learjet , flyin ' from heathrow . 
 when was the last time you partied with a couple of nice american women ? '' 
 `` you 're buying , '' budd said as tony walked away . 
 he closed the hatch to keep the aircraft 's warmth inside and then returned to the cockpit . 
 `` both got stomach cramps , my ass , '' he said as he took his seat . 
 2 `` all right , chief , what the hell is all the urgency for ? 
 i should 've been soaping up in a lukewarm shower right ' bout now , '' budd said once the king air had escaped the bad weather over hope island and was flying above the somewhat calmer waters of the sea . 
 he adjusted the position of his headset and microphone . 
 `` i 'm sure you would n't understand , '' the scientist answered in a curt , well-educated english accent . 
 he was sitting in the co-pilot 's seat and leafing through documents in a foolscap folder . 
 i could only think of one word to describe this particular brainiac . 
 work-obsessed geek . 
 okay , that 's three words ... `` try me . '' 
 the scientist sighed and rolled his eyes up into their lids . 
 `` if i do , will you then let me work in peace ? '' 
 `` no need to be a jerk , i 'm just making conversation . 
 you can always go and sit back where you 're meant to be . 
 i 'm sure we 've got sick bags somewhere , '' budd said , thumbing towards the empty passenger compartment . 
 `` no , no , i 'm sorry . 
 i did not mean to be rude . 
 it 's simply that i 'm under a lot of pressure . 
 but i will explain to you what i can . 
 leaving aside the science , someone wants to cut our budget , and that could prove very , very dangerous . '' 
 `` oh , you 're getting screwed for money . 
 i know that feeling , pal . 
 i 'm a divorcee . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear it , '' the scientist replied sympathetically . 
 `` do n't worry ; these things happen . 
 and i ca n't really complain : two of the proceedings were my fault . 
 at least , that 's what my lawyer told me . '' 
 the scientist looked puzzled , but although his lips started to form a word , a question , he resisted the urge to delve further . 
 instead , he lowered his head and turned his attention back to his folder . 
 `` the name 's william ashby , '' the pilot continued . 
 he thrust his right hand under the scientist 's nose . 
 `` but you can call me budd . 
 my friends do . '' 
 the scientist fumbled with his papers , preventing them from slipping away . 
 he then shook the offered hand . 
 `` charles deacon . '' 
 `` glad to meet you , charlie . 
 if you do n't mind me saying , you look pretty young to be a top boffin . '' 
 the scientist forced a smile . 
 `` i guess that , at twenty-four , i am . 
 my lecturer at oxford used to work with professor samson , who 's the leader of my project , and he forwarded him one of my dissertations . 
 a week later , i received a job offer . 
 that was three years ago . '' 
 `` wow , it must 've been some dissertation . 
 what was it on ? '' 
 `` the theoretical possibility of time-travel . '' 
 `` time-travel ? 
 you mean like that car did , in that movie ? '' 
 deacon 's brow furrowed for a moment . 
 `` something like that , yes . '' 
 `` so , charlie , if you do n't mind me asking , what is it exactly you eggheads get up to that requires you to be hidden underground on a frozen rock ? 
 it 's not exactly babe city . 
 you know what i 'm saying , right , buddy ? '' 
 `` what security clearance do you have ? '' 
 `` erm , '' budd said , hooking his left eyebrow upwards . 
 `` i do n't think i have any . '' 
 `` i hold a level six pass . 
 mister ashby , i 'm truly sorry , but if you do n't already know , i can not explain . '' 
 `` no sweat , i figured as much . 
 anyway , with some luck , which means as long as this weather does n't change , we should have you back in blighty in seven , maybe eight , hours . 
 till then , just sit back and enjoy the view . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 3 by the time the king air touched down on the small grass airstrip , budd was exhausted . 
 he opened the hatch at the back of the aircraft , hooked a rope ladder to the frame and then descended to the ground . 
 the scientist followed him down , looking around the quiet airfield . 
 there was a long strip of grass that acted as the runway , and set back from its edge was a small control tower and two grey hangars . 
 parked nearby were two cessna 182s , a bell helicopter and another king air 350lr . 
 the main doors for the two hangars were closed . 
 behind the control tower was a tarmac road that led up a slight slope towards a large , stone-built mansion . 
 the airfield was on private property , owned and run by timetech solutions . 
 nobody else had the use of the facilities , which budd found gave the small airport a slumbering atmosphere . 
 there was no one to greet them . 
 `` you okay from here , charlie ? '' 
 budd asked . 
 he had left his ski-jacket on the aircraft : winter in britain was damp and miserable , but he rarely found it cold . 
 he placed a blue rucksack on the grass and then opened it up and took out a brown stetson . 
 he pulled the hat onto his head . 
 `` yes , i think so . 
 should i walk up to the mansion ? '' 
 `` got it in one . 
 there 's not a lot inside the hangars , unless you 've got a thing for mechanics . '' 
 `` well , thank you again . 
 goodbye , mister ashby . '' 
 budd watched the scientist depart . 
 `` good luck with your money worries , '' he called out after him . 
 `` just tell ’em the cheque 's in the mail . '' 
 the scientist turned to wave , but said nothing in return . 
 alone in the shadow of the king air , budd lifted his stetson to run his hand through his dark hair , sweeping it backwards . 
 he let out a long yawn . 
 he was tired and , although it was only early afternoon , he intended to use one of the overnight rooms in the mansion to sleep through the remaining daylight hours . 
 all he had to do first was file his report with the control tower . 
 come the evening , there was pub in a nearby village that he wanted to visit . 
 he simply needed some rest first . 
 4 budd woke to a knock on his door . 
 he sat up on his bed , pushed aside the sheets and then swung his feet out onto the carpeted floor . 
 the room 's curtains were closed and so he leant over to the bedside table and fumbled for the switch on the base of the lamp . 
 the knock at the door sounded again , this time a little louder . 
 `` i 'm coming , i 'm coming , '' budd called , his voice rasping because his throat was dry . 
 `` but if there ai n't a fire , do n't expect to see no happy , smiling face . '' 
 he placed his finger on the switch and the room filled with light . 
 blinking , he got up from the bed , wearing only a pair of black boxer shorts , and then took the few steps to the door . 
 twisting the lock , he pulled it open . 
 `` okay , pal , where 's the fire ? 
 oh , it 's you . '' 
 charles deacon was standing in the corridor . 
 there was an apologetic look across the youthful scientist 's face . 
 `` i 'm very sorry to wake you , mister ashby . 
 but i need to ask you a favour . '' 
 budd stepped back and motioned for the scientist to enter the room . 
 he returned to sit on the ruffled sheets of his bed as deacon closed the door . 
 `` go on , then . 
 ask away . '' 
 deacon glanced around the bedroom . 
 there were scattered clothes on the floor , washing utensils in the sink and a half-eaten sandwich on the bedside table . 
 they had touched down less than two hours before . 
 `` i 'm here to request that you drive me to london . 
 apparently , there 's a conference here at the mansion this evening , and the management is refusing to spare me a driver . 
 they 've lent me a car , but , well , driving is not a skill i possess . 
 i do not have time to wait for someone from london to fetch me as it 's vital i get there as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i 'd love to , charlie , really , i would , but if i do n't get some sleep there 's no way i 'll be fit to fly back to freeze-your-ass-off-island tomorrow morning , and that 's what my flight plan says . 
 you 've met my boss , right ? '' 
 `` really , that is of little consequence . 
 i can have it taken care of . 
 mister ashby , i need you to do this for me . 
 i 've already taken the liberty of reserving you an extra suite , and i imagine i 'll need your assistance for several days . 
 but you wo n't have much to do , so there 'll be plenty of time to relax . 
 we 'll be staying at the new millennium hotel . '' 
 budd reached for his rucksack . 
 he wanted a fresh pair of trousers . 
 `` gim me two minutes . '' 
 the new millennium hotel , as far as the rich and famous were concerned , was just about the snazziest , swankiest place to be seen in london . 
 and pretty much anywhere else in europe , too . 
 so , on my crappy wage , i had ' bout as much chance of staying there as i did of running for president . 
 of england . 
 all things considered , i was more than happy to give deacon a helping hand . 
 just outta the kindness of my heart ... # # # # to read on visit : last hope : a zombie novel at smashwords or for news on future releases visit : http://drewbrown1981.wordpress.com/ follow drew on twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dbhorror 
