 krillaz . 
 © morris kenyon . 
 march 2014 . 
 warning ! 
 this book contains scenes of horror and moderate violence . 
 it is not intended for the easily offended or young children . 
 you have been warned , so if you read on , do n't blame me . 
 * the names , characters , places and events in this book are products of the writer 's imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real . 
 any similarities to real persons , living or dead , actual events , locales or organisations are purely coincidental and not intended by the author . 
 * licence notes : thank you for downloading this free e-book . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be scanned , reproduced , copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 cover image by maratam from : www.fiverr.com this story is dedicated to my fellow writer , dai alanye , whose roger fee series initially inspired this , and whose friendship has kept me going and writing . 
 plot summary : you 'd need a good reason to visit hancox 1 -- a tide-locked world infested by biological terror weapons -- krillaz -- a nightmare genetically modified cross between rats and hi-mans . 
 even hunters avoid the place . 
 however , interplanetary recovery agent vic vargo has one million reasons to go . 
 in line to collect a million hydrans if he rescues a playboy from the talons of the krillaz , he teams up with a group of executives on a management bonding exercise and heads out to an abandoned city . 
 there , vargo realises they have all bitten off far more than they can chew . 
 unlike the krillaz ... also , includes the bonus short story : ` sideways through time ' . 
 chapter 1 : one million reasons . 
 you have to be plum loco to want to spend any time on hancox 1 . 
 i 'm not crazy -- i scored over 86 % on my aptitude evaluation back at university , which is a good score . 
 you do n't want 100 % as nobody 's that sane . 
 if anybody ever achieved that score they 'd probably lock them up in the stasis-jails as well as the low scorers , just to be on the safe side . 
 so what 's so bad about hancox 1 , i hear you ask ? 
 what 's right about it , i 'd reply ? 
 well , it 's a tide-locked planet , the first in a system of three orbiting a dim , m-type red dwarf star on the far side of the pegasus sector . 
 tide-locked , you ask next ? 
 c'mon , where have you been ? 
 were n't you concentrating in astrophysics ? 
 a tide-locked world is where one side of the planet constantly faces its sun while the other is exposed to the dark and cold of space . 
 on any planet with an atmosphere , this imbalance creates gale force winds and usually the daylight side is desiccated desert while the night-side is a frozen wilderness . 
 however , on those worlds lucky enough to have deep oceans and thick cloud cover , which minimises these extreme effects , life can get a toe-hold , although it 's nearly always simple stuff . 
 so , as you 've gathered , despite abundant water , hancox 1 is no paradise world . 
 most are n't . 
 being less than desirable , the bureau allocated it to mostly central asian refugees from the third sino-turkmen war . 
 if you do n't recall it , look it up in the history files -- about two hundred years ago , i think . 
 no , i ca n't remember what that war was about -- when you get down to it , the reasons are usually fear , status and mineral rights , i 'd guess . 
 ultimately , that 's what most wars are about . 
 anyway , these refugees fled to hancox 1 's scattered sub-continents and built themselves a new life . 
 may not have been a great life , at least at first , but it was better than their ruined homelands . 
 but these refugees were n't a unified people -- there was a sub-group fleeing the nova beruvian stonequakes , for example -- and each sub-continent soon ended up supporting one or more countries . 
 sooner or later , rabble-rousing demagogues arose backing petty tyrants and warlords . 
 eventually , of course , these statelets fell out among themselves and started warring . 
 and then one side used krillaz . 
 and that 's why i would n't choose to go to hancox 1 . 
 what do you mean ; you 've never heard of krillaz ? 
 what do they teach at school these days ? 
 or have they suppressed data on those monstrosities ? 
 ca n't trust anything you read these days . 
 okay , okay . 
 i 'll tell you . 
 you 'll need to know if you 're setting foot on hancox 1 . 
 though you 'll only see one if you travel to the empty continent of sirocco . 
 to give you some background , decades ago , there was a savage war between two planets . 
 unsurprisingly , one of them was the peaceful co-prosperity orb of xin-muong . 
 so no quarter was asked or given . 
 but when you think about it , there 's no point in simply thermo-nuking a place until its surface turns to glass . 
 or bombarding it with asteroids deflected from their orbits . 
 all you 'd win is useless rock , uninhabitable for millennia . 
 also , you 'd risk retaliation from other systems . 
 one dark night , some bright spark -- or more likely a committee of bright sparks -- came up with the perfect weapon to deploy against lightly armed civilians . 
 krillaz . 
 probably the ultimate terror weapon . 
 the acronym -- in rough translation -- stands for civilian reduction inimicals -- lankien laboratories 4 . 
 by mixing up the acronym with the word ` killers ' , they became known as krillaz . 
 they 're cheap and effective as well , so the politicos liked the concept . 
 so what 's a krilla when it 's at home ? 
 or in it 's stinking nest ? 
 a genetically spliced fright , bolting together the best and worst of several species to come up with a horror worse than your worst nightmare . 
 i guess a krilla is mostly based on the black rat , rattus rattus -- which does n't sound too bad , except nobody i know likes rats -- to which has been added the viciousness of a weasel , the fearlessness of a wolverine , gorilla-like arms and iron jaws of a hyena . 
 it stands over a metre tall on two legs , hunched over leaving its better than rat-like front paws free . 
 a krilla 's hide is usually a pallid grey , bald except for sparse patches of fur except along its spine which is green . 
 yes , somebody added chlorophyll to the mix so that the creature can survive even if its food supply runs low . 
 what else ? 
 oh yes , its face . 
 although the boffins claimed they used chimps to give it enhanced intelligence , nobody believed them . 
 the long face is a hideous combination of hi-man and rodent . 
 and when did you see a chimp having oriental eyes with epicanthic folds ? 
 but if they used hi-man dna , then they chose deoxyribonucleic acid from psychopaths , mass-murderers and the very , very worst that hi-manity can throw up . 
 that 's enough for me . 
 i do n't like thinking about those monstrosities any more than i have to . 
 and i 'm going where they hang out . 
 you have another question ? 
 okay , fire away ... so what happens after krillaz are used on civilians ? 
 basically , krillaz breed like the rats they originated from and there 's nothing they like more than hi-man flesh . 
 hot and fresh . 
 however , after they 've depopulated an enemy area , you have to get rid of your krillaz . 
 solving this problem , the brain-boxes at lankien labs made krillaz genetically vulnerable to a virus . 
 it causes a lethal respiratory illness -- rats are very prone to pneumonia -- that wipes out 99.9 % of them within 48 to 72 hours . 
 after that , you just need to send in clean-up swat squads to eradicate the survivors and then the now empty territory is yours to do with as you want . 
 and it worked like a dream -- or a nightmare , depending on your point of view . 
 krillaz were used in several conflicts during the interregnum . 
 of course , the secret of their manufacture got out -- underfunded scientists like filthy lucre as much as anyone -- and several variants on the original model showed up . 
 including a new type on hancox 1 . 
 moving forwards , war broke out between sirocco and the neighbouring continent of khamsin . 
 both nations were evenly matched but seeking outright victory neither sought mediation . 
 their navies attacked each other 's ships , supporting attempted invasion fleets . 
 when this tactic had been tried and failed several times , the dictator of khamsin authorised the use of krillaz . 
 thousands of rat-men were air-lifted onto sirocco and left to do what they do best -- killing and eating and breeding and killing and eating and breeding some more ... when every hi-man being -- man , woman , and child -- on sirocco had either fled or been eaten alive , khamsin sprayed the island with virus . 
 except it did n't work , did it ? 
 sure , a few died , maybe less than 5 % , their corpses cannibalised by their fellows . 
 the rest carried on happily breeding like rats . 
 a healthy female krilla can have three litters of six to eight pups a year . 
 so khamsin 's scientists resprayed the island with a slightly different virus . 
 this time , less than 1 % were wiped out . 
 realising they had won a pointless victory -- khamsin had beaten sirocco but gained a useless island as a prize -- they cut their losses and abandoned it to the krillaz . 
 however , news of what had happened leaked out via the galactoweb . 
 as well as interstellar condemnation and sanctions , hunters licked their lips and descended in droves on hancox 1 . 
 there 's never been a closed season or weapons restrictions on krillaz . 
 just get yourself a permit and slaughter as many as you like . 
 however , even the most bloodthirsty hunter 's tally was useless -- eradicating krillaz is like trying to drain an ocean using a bucket . 
 all the hunters did was teach the krillaz -- being semi-intelligent , they are fast learners -- to be wary of hi-mans and even more cunning than before . 
 also , krillaz , being hideously ugly , do n't make good trophies . 
 they 're not like the magnificent yearn-horns on gilead , nov austrasia 's basilisks or sopel 's stripe-strikers on maguire 's world . 
 individually , they 're not overly impressive . 
 but they do n't attack singly -- they prefer swarms . 
 in their way , they are one of the more dangerous creatures in the known galaxy . 
 you might ask why i 'm going to this hell-hole . 
 normally , i 've got too much respect for my hide to go messing with krillaz . 
 would n't want them within a million klicks . 
 until i got a message over the galactoweb that made me drop everything and hurry to hancox 1 . 
 one of those messages that leave you no option , not if you value your reputation -- and want to earn big money . 
 using my cranial implant , i re-accessed the message , its words replaying on my retina . 
 i wo n't give you all its details -- they do n't matter . 
 in a microlitre , my boss 's best-friend 's son had got himself into big trouble . 
 again . 
 the lad was getting married to his second wife -lrb- i think -rrb- and decided to treat himself and his friends to a stag holiday hunting krillaz . 
 no , i do n't get it neither . 
 you 're hitching yourself to the woman you love so you zoom off to some hell-hole planet to ingest booze and zap monsters . 
 i suppose it 's one last fling before domesticity . 
 Âgustin -- that 's the foolish lad 's name -- and his friends brought their armour and a whole arsenal of weaponry . 
 they hired some all terrain vehicles ; tough , reliable , go-anywhere machines and headed off to one of sirocco 's ruined cities called bas-hinna . 
 they reached it -- their gps signals prove that -- but then vanished from view . 
 sarrah , Âgustin 's lovely fiancée , panicked and knowing my boss 's reputation for trouble-shooting asked him to investigate . 
 always ready to help an old friend -- especially when those friends are seriously wealthy oligarchs -- my boss agreed . 
 so he charged as much as he thought the market could stand -- which was a lot , i can tell you -- and then fired off a message to his best -lrb- ha-ha -rrb- operative to look into Âgustin 's disappearance . 
 so here i am , vic vargo , doing my bit for interplanetary rescue . 
 however , as my boss was sticking it to them big-time , he passed me some of the cream . 
 one million hydrans plus expenses if i rescued Âgustin or half a million for proof of his fate if dead . 
 ca n't say fairer than that . 
 chapter 2 : i land on hancox 1 on the space shuttle 's screen i watched as hancox 1 loomed closer . 
 in the distance , the small red dwarf shone its rays onto a dull , gunmetal coloured world . 
 then we plunged through its thick , vapour filled atmosphere . 
 rain washed over the shuttle 's portholes . 
 so i switched views and immediately a map of the world came into view . 
 hancox 1 is slightly smaller than earth -- 11,000 kilometres in diameter , rather than earth 's 12,700 -- and somewhat less dense . 
 that pleased me as it meant my earth-muscles would make me stronger and more powerful than back home . 
 it is mostly covered by water with eight smallish sub-continents and lots of little islands scattered over the ocean . 
 sirocco lies just under the equator on the daylight side . 
 nothing heads direct for sirocco any more so the shuttle was heading for the city of ul-muglann on the nearby continent of harmattan . 
 searching the galactoweb , i brought up some information . 
 the day-side continents are covered with a moss-like flora that grows to a height of half a metre or so . 
 yes , i looked it up and the technical term for this stuff is bryophyte . 
 there was more but the shuttle juddered as it was buffeted by a storm . 
 the display blinked off to be replaced by a flashing warning and the shuttle pilot 's voice came over the intraweb system . 
 `` we are experiencing some turbulence at present . 
 please do not be alarmed ... , '' that was one way to ensure panic , '' ... however , everything is under control and we expect to land at ul-muglann spaceport as usual . 
 thank you . '' 
 i looked over at the man in the next seat . 
 with his hawk-like face and neatly trimmed beard , he looked like a local . 
 he did n't seem particularly worried so i put my fears to one side . 
 the shuttle dropped through thick clouds and then i saw the spaceport loom up through my porthole . 
 lights gleamed and reflected from the rain-washed sky . 
 the spaceport was on the edge of the continent and in the distance i saw ul-muglann itself beyond its boundaries . 
 none too soon , the shuttle touched down and came to a halt by the terminal . 
 moving forwards , i joined the queue for customs clearance . 
 `` what is the reason for your visit ? '' 
 the official asked in that neutral yet hostile tone they always use . 
 i showed him my hunting certificate and the list of equipment i was bringing in . 
 he stamped my e-passport with more vigour than was necessary . 
 `` good hunting , dost -- i hate krillaz . 
 my family had to flee sirocco when they came . '' 
 `` i 'll bag some for you . '' 
 he grinned through his beard , friendlier now , and waved me through . 
 i 'd already arranged accommodation and transport and an automated ground-taxi whizzed me through wide streets flanked by low , white-grey buildings to my hotel . 
 the room was warm and comfortable , although bland -- i could have upgraded to five-star but i do n't feel comfortable with too much luxury -- however , Âgustin 's family were wealthy so i was n't going to short myself neither . 
 now i was planetside , i double-checked my plans . 
 tomorrow , i would be meeting a group of fellow hunters -- only a fool goes after krillaz by themselves . 
 as one ruined city is as good as another , they happily agreed to go to bas-hinna with me . 
 also , like me , they did n't feel happy about leaving somebody trapped , surrounded by krillaz . 
 i crossed to the view-screen window and looked out over ul-muglann . 
 it was a depressing sight . 
 although the downfall was n't as severe as before , the constant gales of this tide-locked world buffeted rain against the window . 
 up above , the sun was a dim red blur in the clouds , casting its diffuse rays over the drab city . 
 ugh . 
 picking up the console , i scrolled through the views until it seemed i was in a beach front apartment overlooking a beautiful coral atoll on some paradise world -- merciall , i guessed it to be . 
 the beautiful people who live there walked on pink sands under the light of twin suns . 
 perfect , i thought , as i lay down , switched off my neural implant and relaxed . 
 *** the following morning -- though there 's no such thing as a true morning on this world , of course -- i caught the local shuttle to sirocco . 
 there were n't many passengers and most of them looked like hunters . 
 the craft flew over storm-tossed seas . 
 if you 're interested , there 's not much marine life on hancox 1 -- things similar to giant sea-slugs and slime-fish but that 's about it . 
 two hours later , the shuttle landed on the only part of sirocco not infested with krillaz . 
 one narrow , rocky peninsula had been cleared of them and a fence sealed it off from the rest of the sub-continent . 
 there was a landing field next to a small town . 
 nearly everyone there was in the military or else made a living by servicing hunters . 
 disembarking , i followed the rest of the hunters through clearance . 
 i had to sign a legal disclaimer saying that i did n't expect to be rescued if i got into difficulties and waiving all rights to sue the authorities . 
 nothing unexpected -- par for the course . 
 also , they checked i 'd had my vaccinations -- as well as everything else , krillaz carry disease . 
 then i was reunited with my weapons , which had earlier been sealed . 
 i was milling around arrivals when a man approached me . 
 `` vic vargo ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he must have known who i was as my neural implant was broadcasting my identity . 
 i guess he was being polite . 
 i checked him out . 
 luis Çrámerr , aged 42 , a manager at economou interplanetary logistics , inc. , a big multi-world outfit , that , you must have seen their lime-green starships on the trading routes -- married with four children ; his hobbies include ... but i did n't have time to peruse that or his most recent holiday snaps , which he was broadcasting , although that pic of his wife surfing in a skimpy mono-kini looked worth spending time over . 
 `` pleased to meet you , '' Çrámerr continued . 
 `` did you have a pleasant trip over ? 
 come and interface with the others . '' 
 Çrámerr shook my hand . 
 his grip was firm and he made good eye-contact . 
 definitely the confident , hail-fellow-well-met management type . 
 he guided me away from the luggage carousel to a café on the far side of arrivals . 
 on the way , i looked at Çrámerr , wanting to get a feel for him on a gut level , rather than what his implant was telling me . 
 Çrámerr was tall , good looking in a nordic way with perfect teeth and ruler-straight nose . 
 his full head of dark hair was swept back in a fashionable style . 
 perhaps to blend in with the locals , he had a neatly trimmed beard . 
 he was all set for the expedition into the interior and wore camouflage -- purple-green on this world -- under a multi-pocket battle vest . 
 only thing -- what was those silly accents doing under the c and over the a ? 
 was that to make him stand out from the herd of lesser cramerrs ? 
 so why not do it properly and throw accents over or under every letter ? 
 perhaps he was saving that for the boardroom ? 
 or perhaps i should stop moaning , take a leaf out of his book and look into changing my surname to värgö or something ? 
 does that look more impressive ? 
 before we reached the café , i worked out who i would be travelling with , and not just because of their broadcasts . 
 there were four people sitting around a table . 
 one was obviously our guide . 
 he was of average height with the locals ' usual trimmed beard , tanned skin and hawk-like profile . 
 he wore well-worn camouflage and his broadcast told me he had led many previous trips . 
 unless that was an advertising hoax , that reassured me . 
 you need a man who knows what he 's doing when you 're after prey like krillaz . 
 his name was farrie-galv kham . 
 the others were two men and a woman . 
 all were executives with economou interplanetary and looking for promotion . 
 i realised this was one of those team-building exercises designed to sort the synthi-sheep from the gm-goats . 
 no doubt my new best friend , luis Çrámerr , would be evaluating how they handled themselves on this trip . 
 you know , see how they cope under life-and-death pressure and how that later translates into boardroom skills . 
 being a sexist boar , as one of my female friends calls me , i turned to the woman first . 
 she was called clemency l'alleyn and came from neuf gironde -- one of those surprisingly common francophone colonies . 
 way i hear it ; you usually get great wine and cheese on their worlds but do n't expect to get anything done during lunch . 
 compared with here , she must feel homesick for the great lifestyle back home . 
 she was n't broadcasting much -- only the bare minimum . 
 with her long , straight hair , porcelain skin , blue-ice eyes above high cheekbones and thin face with a longish nose , i marked her down as a grade a ball-breaker . 
 the two male executives were much of a type , except physically . 
 good genes -- undoubtedly enhanced -- supportive families , followed by attending top universities and then fast-tracked for success . 
 their names were geroge ncdona and hari thalami . 
 they both stood as Çrámerr and i approached and we all shook hands . 
 ncdona was a big guy , who looked like he did a lot of weights . 
 e-tattoos moved under his skin creating different scenes . 
 i reckoned his ancestors ultimately came from angola . 
 thalami , on the other hand , was much smaller , neatly dressed , with straight black hair and mournful eyes . 
 he bowed politely , and his broadcast said he was a native of the teardrop-shaped isle of trapobana on earth itself . 
 `` this is the hombre i was telling you about , '' Çrámerr said by introduction . 
 `` we 're going to help him search for his friend . '' 
 `` when did you last hear from him ? '' 
 kham asked . 
 his dark eyes searched mine . 
 undoubtedly he was also scrutinising my neural data . 
 if he was any good , he 'd be reading between the lines . 
 `` almost five weeks ago , '' i said . 
 `` it took me a little while to sort things out and get here . '' 
 kham did n't say anything . 
 he did n't have to . 
 in his opinion , Âgustin was almost certainly dead , killed in a terrible way . 
 `` his last transponder signal was received by satellite star date : hi-0i , '' i said . '' 
 Âgustin and his party had plenty of food and ammo . 
 if they holed up somewhere secure in bas-hinna , then they should still be okay . 
 his family persuaded the local military to send out a search party but they could n't find anything . 
 all the same , i owe it to Âgustin to double-check and ... , '' turning to the whole group , '' ... i 'd like to thank you all for your assistance . '' 
 they nodded . 
 to avoid embarrassment , and to give them chance to study my data , i crossed to the counter and paid for coffee -- well kaffe , but it was a good blend -- and brought them over to the group . 
 by now , they should know as much as they needed about me and Âgustin . 
 of course , there 's info i share only with friends but they did n't expect to know that . 
 `` i reckon there should be a bonus if we find Âgustin , '' Çrámerr joked . 
 `` like i say , i appreciate your help . 
 you know he worked as an intern for economou for a time ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` that 's the big a1 reason we agreed to help , '' Çrámerr said , his voice a mellow bass . 
 we finished our kaffes and then left arrivals . 
 it had started raining again and we hurried over to where the hire company had our vehicle . 
 our luggage and weaponry had already been collected and taken on board . 
 that 's one of the benefits of working for a huge interstellar outfit like economou . 
 everyone bends over backwards for you -- or your money -- which comes to the same thing . 
 while kham dealt with the paperwork , we checked out our vehicle , which would be our home and base for the next week . 
 i was impressed . 
 it was battle-scarred but more than up to the job of getting us to bas-hinna and back . 
 it was an 8-wheel drive steg-0-saw all-terrain vehicle . 
 a heavy , slab-sided , boxy ex-troop carrier with the rear compartment now converted into accommodation . 
 it was armoured with durarmor , reinforced studded tyres and a one-man turret protruded from the top next to a searchlight . 
 it had been painted in wasp-like black and yellow stripes . 
 hard to miss in the gloom . 
 the others piled inside and i followed . 
 unsurprisingly , Çrámerr slid behind the wheel . 
 typical alpha-male . 
 as soon as kham was on board -- as the guide , he took the shotgun seat -- we set off . 
 i guess i was n't the only one with butterflies in my stomach as the three executives were also quiet as they watched the view-screens . 
 we drove through the town towards the perimeter fences . 
 another check of our e-passports and then the guard buzzed open the gate . 
 with a call of `` good hunting , '' the gate slid open and we were through . 
 into the abandoned wilds of sirocco . 
 in the distance , another steg was heading north -- to the happy hunting grounds of the northern coastal region . 
 Çrámerr pumped the air and let rip a rebel yell . 
 `` yee-haw , '' he cried . 
 he turned to face us and the three executives followed his lead . 
 `` yee-haw , '' but their yells were more muted and thalami 's was decidedly half-hearted . 
 `` luis ca n't hear you , '' he called back . 
 `` yee-haw , '' they screamed , eager to outdo each other . 
 they all wanted that promotion . 
 i kept my face to the screen . 
 our steg-0-saw was now crossing a sterile wasteland . 
 for a distance of one kilometre from the fence , the authorities had a scorched earth policy . 
 nothing grew or moved . 
 the krillaz had initially attacked the fence , eager to scale it and get at the warm , succulent hi-man bodies behind it . 
 they 'd learned the hard way -- at the cost of thousands of deaths -- to stay away from the fence . 
 any krilla showing its snout on the desolate wasteland found itself blasted to oblivion by automatic weaponry mounted along the fence . 
 but it was a dismal scene . 
 rain soaked grey rock beneath leaden clouds . 
 what a world . 
 it did n't get much better after we passed the scorched earth . 
 instead of rock , the terrain was covered by bryophytes . 
 the plant grew to height of half a metre and had ovoid spore cases on top of the stems . 
 it was a dismal greyish , purplish green and spread all the way to the horizon . 
 if necessary , krillaz can eat bryophytes but they do n't enjoy it . 
 flesh is their preferred diet . 
 our vehicle trundled along a potholed road that was crumbling away to ruin . 
 `` how far is it to bas-hinna ? '' 
 Çrámerr asked . 
 kham checked the gps system . 
 `` just over two thousand klicks . '' 
 at an average speed of 70 kph , that would mean a journey of less than thirty hours . 
 i suppressed a groan . 
 thirty hours cooped up with these management types . 
 not my idea of a good time . 
 `` we should have gone to ul-zhabbir on the north coast . 
 they say the krillaz are really virulent up there , '' ncdona said . 
 Çrámerr turned around to face the rear compartment . 
 `` think of the glory when we rescue this Âgustin . 
 there should be a company bonus for whoever finds him . '' 
 that word ` bonus ' grabbed their attention like nothing else . 
 good luck to them . 
 i was n't sharing my reward . 
 the scenery was nothing to hold their attention so after a few minutes ; clemency booted up her handpad and started working on some office documents . 
 geroge opened his case and showed hari his augmented flux-blaster . 
 a good weapon but i thought too overpowered and slow for fast , numerous vermin like krillaz . 
 all the same , any krilla hit by it would be atomised . 
 in turn , hari showed off his gatling ppd -- a rapid fire weapon loaded with flechette shards that would shred any unarmoured enemy . 
 that was more like it -- no krilla would stand a chance against it . 
 only problem , it was heavy on ammo and needed recharging frequently . 
 i soon had enough of their company so i climbed up into the little turret and swivelled about . 
 there was n't much to see and bryophytes covered everything as far as the eye could see . 
 looking up , the sun had disappeared behind the clouds . 
 soon , it rained and water bounced off the turret 's view-screen . 
 it was going to be a long journey . 
 we passed a few towns , the low buildings crumbling into ruins . 
 once i saw movement -- or thought i did -- but krillaz are n't stupid enough to attack a heavily armoured vehicle . 
 after a while , i dropped down from the turret , ate a rehydrated meal -- no water shortage on this planet -- and then lay down on one of the bunks welded to the side . 
 switching my neural implant to sleep mode gave me a guaranteed eight hours rest . 
 i went out like a light . 
 chapter 3 : the ruined city . 
 nothing seemed to have changed when i woke . 
 gale driven rain buffeted our atv as it trundled through low , eroded hills covered with ubiquitous bryophytes . 
 in the far distance -- not that far , given the poor visibility -- was another abandoned town . 
 i have never seen such an uninspiring view . 
 fortunately , i did n't have to mix much with the executives . 
 now we were nearly at bas-hinna , they were more nervous and apprehensive . 
 i guess that safely in their office suites on the thousandth plus floor of a skyscraper on some highly urbanised world , a week hunting krillaz did n't seem bad . 
 even makes a nice change from corporate meetings . 
 now they were almost on top of the beasties , it did n't seem such a great idea . 
 but they still had to shine in front of Çrámerr to secure that promotion . 
 bas-hinna loomed into view . 
 farrie-galv kham resumed his place behind the wheel and guided the steg-0-saw along what had once been the main highway leading in . 
 the executives looked through the view-screens and laughed and joked among themselves . 
 putting a brave face on things , i guess . 
 do n't forget , they were all looking to impress luis Çrámerr . 
 i took my usual seat up in the turret and studied the terrain . 
 was this the last place Âgustin had seen ? 
 i hoped not . 
 the road -- still just as potholed -- led past low buildings , mostly built of native stone and konkreet . 
 they had once been whitewashed to relieve the drabness but that had long since washed away except in the most sheltered spots . 
 all windows had long since gone and more bryophytes grew out of the gaps . 
 like all places abandoned by hi-manity , it was a sad , eerie place ; a relic of abandoned hopes and dreams . 
 of course , we were all keeping an eye open for krillaz but did n't see any . 
 they 're not stupid and no way were they going to suicide charge a heavily armoured vehicle . 
 kham drove over a bridge spanning a canal , made a right turn , down another wide avenue until he pulled up in what would have been bas-hinna 's main plaza . 
 it was surrounded by taller buildings -- each four storeys high . 
 one still had its sign -- ` concert hall ' . 
 for some reason , that upset me . 
 i thought of all those locals enjoying performances -- until the krillaz came and devoured those who did n't flee . 
 `` these are the coordinates where Âgustin 's last gps signal came from , dost ? '' 
 asked kham . 
 i swung down from the turret and checked the display . 
 `` yes , here , '' i confirmed . 
 `` okay , let 's get suited and booted and hunt us some krillaz , '' said Çrámerr , a little too loudly . 
 maybe his nerves were getting to him as well . 
 there was no reason to delay -- there 's no night time this side of hancox 1 . 
 everyone pulled on body armour and helmets -- not military-grade battle-dress , of course , more ex-riot police stuff . 
 enough to cope with a krilla 's teeth and claws . 
 over our armour , we wore battle-vests holding spare ammunition , a first aid pouch , rations , compressed water and a durasteel combat knife . 
 there was a lot of jostling and laughing as they dressed . 
 i felt a bit sorry for clemency as the only woman in the group but she did n't seem to mind . 
 not that she should . 
 clemency l'alleyn had a hard , toned body with a golden holo-tattoo of a sun-dragon on her back . 
 it writhed sinuously , looking almost alive . 
 did n't expect her to be adorned like that . 
 people always surprise you , do n't they ? 
 when everyone was ready , kham opened the rear tailgate and we trooped outside . 
 despite butterflies in our stomachs , it felt good to leave the confines of the vehicle . 
 as the guide , safety on this trip was his responsibility so kham inspected their weapons and armour but he did n't need to check mine . 
 `` just a few things before we set off . '' 
 i 'd expected this talk . 
 `` most important , never , never , never leave the group and head off on your own . 
 we 're looking for vargo 's client , Âgustin -- or his remains -- but even if you find him or anything else , do n't go off by yourself . 
 remember , krillaz love to pick off people by themselves . '' 
 `` in case of emergency , have you logged these coordinates into your personal gps ? '' 
 they all nodded , even the normally brash luis Çrámerr . 
 `` then let 's go hunting -- and good luck , '' he finished . 
 we formed into a loose diamond formation , kham on point and me , as having previous combat experience , taking the rear . 
 we crossed the plaza and made our way to a dome which used to hold the city 's botanic gardens . 
 `` hey , farrie , i thought these krilla 's wanted meat . 
 where are they all ? '' 
 Çrámerr called . 
 not to be outdone , geroge ncdona jumped in . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure hope this trip is n't a waste of time . 
 should have gone up the north coast . '' 
 i heard his augmented flux-blaster whine . 
 he loosed off a shot at an overhanging sign down a side street . 
 it exploded , white-hot metal raining down , hissing and smouldering on wet konkreet . 
 he fired again into the upper floor of a building . 
 half the level collapsed , rubble bouncing noisily off the sidewalk . 
 `` stop messing about . 
 any more of that and i 'll cancel this trip . 
 no refunds , '' kham barked . 
 `` sor-ry , '' ncdona said , sounding anything but . 
 from his face , he 'd enjoyed the immense power of firing his augmented flux-blaster . 
 i caught sight of clemency 's face . 
 she looked as unimpressed as me . 
 amateur , we both thought to each other over our links . 
 `` seriously , dude , where are they ? '' 
 ncdona said after a while . 
 kham turned back to face him . 
 `` they 're here all right . 
 i guarantee some are watching us even as we speak . 
 now , keep your mouths shut and your eyes wide open . '' 
 hari thalami looked worried but both Çrámerr and his sidekick ncdona puffed out their chests . 
 `` bring 'em on , '' ncdona said . 
 `` here , krilla , krilla , krilla , come and get it while it 's hot , '' Çrámerr bragged . 
 he had a good weapon for the job -- a pym & sons 10mm personal anti-personnel weapon which fired devastating gas-powered slugs . 
 they 're custom made and cost a small fortune . 
 i shook my head . 
 these would n't be my first choice of companions but still better than going in alone . 
 all the same , i had eyes in the back of my head as we walked towards the geodesic dome . 
 closer , it showed its damage . 
 neglect in this atrocious climate had ruined it and many panels were missing . 
 i jumped . 
 a chunk of masonry fell into the road , missing me by no more than a metre . 
 perhaps it had been weakened by ncdona blasting away at nothing . 
 but it was strange that it came so close to hitting me . 
 coincidence ? 
 i shrugged . 
 nothing i could do about it now . 
 `` watch your step , dost , '' kham called back . 
 we crossed a junction . 
 to our left was a garage and in the gloom , i noticed several ground vehicles , corroding away to their shells . 
 that brought home to me just how deserted this city was . 
 it 's strange walking through a place where all hi-manity has vanished . 
 here we had been replaced by something else . 
 we crossed mag-lev tram tracks -- now pitted and rusted -- and reached the botanic gardens . '' 
 Âgustin 's last signal came from here ? '' 
 kham confirmed . 
 i nodded . 
 kham set off down a short tunnel into the dome . 
 any exotic plants outside the dome had long since died , replaced by this planet 's bryophytes . 
 there were remains of notices and paintings lining the tunnel . 
 when bas-hinna was a living , vibrant city , this must have been a beautiful spot for the locals to come and relax . 
 as we moved through the musty and rank smelling passageway , i noticed greasy marks on both sides . 
 this area must be a krilla 's den . 
 instinctively , my finger tightened on my weapon 's selector button . 
 the passage opened up into what must have been the reception and shop . 
 we paused and someone -- clemency maybe -- gasped with horror . 
 bones littered this area . 
 all were old , picked clean . 
 most were hi-man and i lowered my foot carefully , stepping over a child 's small skull . 
 it was n't the only child 's skull and i tried not to think about the screaming horror when the krillaz broke in . 
 not all the bones were hi-man , though . 
 over by a dry , ruined fountain i saw several long-snouted , misshapen krilla skulls , their flatter craniums evident . 
 a whip-like tail coiled around a rib cage . 
 `` it must have been a massacre , '' hari thalami whispered , aghast . 
 kham broke in . 
 `` it was , dost . 
 and this is only the tiniest fraction of what happened . 
 i hate them , really hate them . '' 
 the only one who seemed unconcerned was luis Çrámerr . 
 he looked around and scuffed through the old bones . 
 he stooped and picked up a brooch . 
 he made to put it in his battle-vest 's pocket as a souvenir . 
 `` put that back , '' kham snapped . 
 guiltily , Çrámerr dropped it back . 
 `` only looking ... '' trying to defuse what could have been an unpleasant incident , hari spoke up . 
 `` shall we see if we can find any trace of Âgustin and his party ? '' 
 that decided everyone and we left the foyer and into the main part of the gardens , under the broken dome . 
 that was equally sad . 
 again , all the plants were dead -- all that remained were their trunks , corpse-branches clawing at the shattered ceiling . 
 the floor was littered with more bones of people making their last stand here . 
 now all were scattered in heaps and bone-white drifts . 
 i was glad to see plenty more krilla bones . 
 i wheeled around , nearly firing my gun . 
 did i forget to mention my weapon ? 
 in my hands i gripped an m-88 mettallist hi-ripper . 
 i 'd bought the matt-black version , about sixty centimetres in length with an extended magazine . 
 it 's a stubby , brutal weapon that does what it says -- it 'll rip through krillaz like a laser through soft cheese . 
 like i say , there 's no weapons restrictions here . 
 i scanned the area behind . 
 i 'd heard something -- like bone rattling on bone . 
 could n't see anything , could n't hear any movement neither . 
 i figured our passing must have disturbed one of the piles of bones . 
 `` getting jumpy , hotshot ? '' 
 Çrámerr asked with a grin . 
 i decided to be honest , after all i was n't one of his brown-nosing underlings . 
 `` it is rather creepy here . '' 
 he was surprised by my response . 
 he must have thought i 'd play the gung-ho hard man but i was beyond that . 
 clemency stepped over to me , picking her way over a rib cage . 
 `` was it a krilla ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` probably not , '' i said . 
 `` they 're not stupid -- they 're not likely to attack a well-armed group like us . '' 
 little did i know . 
 `` unless they 're really hungry , '' Çrámerr said . 
 `` looks like we 'll have to go after them . 
 hey , farrie , where do krillaz like to hang out ? '' 
 glancing from side to side , always aware of danger , our guide came over . 
 `` usually underground , or other dark places where they feel secure . 
 if nothing happens , i 'll flush some out for you tomorrow . 
 in the meantime , let 's see if we can find any trace of Âgustin 's party . '' 
 `` remember , keep together guys , '' Çrámerr called out . 
 in pairs we looked around the wrecked botanic dome . 
 in the half-light , with the never-ending gale howling through the broken panels under the grey skies , it was a dismal , unhappy place . 
 and that was without all the bones underfoot . 
 i switched on my helmet-torch and searched through the ruins . 
 i paired up with clemency -- or more , she teamed up with me . 
 i guess the others were beginning to irritate her . 
 i do n't know what i was looking for -- his body , i suppose -- but somehow i did n't expect to find it . 
 like us , he went in well-armed and i could n't see him going under to a bunch of rat-men armed only with tooth and claw . 
 but what had happened to him and his party ? 
 something bad , that was for sure . 
 carefully , we turned out of the dome 's main area and down a side annex . 
 there were fewer bones here . 
 it led past an office where i saw the remains of a woman 's pelvis under a desk . 
 further on were rest rooms . 
 we checked them out . 
 old , dry bloodstains daubed the tiled walls . 
 totally trashed with doors ripped off and sinks wrenched off the wall . 
 some people had chosen to make their last stands in the cubicles , their gnawed bones scattered around . 
 what a place to die . 
 clemency turned to me . 
 she blushed and looked at the floor . 
 `` look , i do n't suppose ... , '' she began . 
 `` you need to go ? 
 here ? '' 
 i asked , amazed . 
 `` there 's not much privacy on the steg , '' she explained . 
 she was right there . 
 one tiny cubicle in a corner had to serve everyone . 
 it was n't the freshest-smelling place and anyone using it was only centimetres from everybody else . 
 no place for the only woman on the vehicle . 
 `` if you must . 
 but do n't you want me to stay with you ? '' 
 `` no way ! 
 but stay in the corridor just outside . 
 i 'll be alright . '' 
 i was n't too happy about leaving her alone . 
 kham had emphasised how important staying in pairs was and i agreed with him . 
 all the same , i would only be outside the door . 
 `` shout if you need me , '' i told her . 
 clemency closed the door behind her . 
 through my helmet 's comm-link , i heard the others searching . 
 quiet they were n't . 
 from their tones , it did n't seem as if they 'd found anything useful . 
 then a rattle from above distracted me -- more wind whistling through the ruins ? 
 another rattle , closer now . 
 maybe a plastic bottle blown along ? 
 or a krilla 's talons ? 
 chapter 4 . 
 krillaz attack ! 
 the thought flashed through my brain like the speed of light . 
 krillaz . 
 and clemency was alone and in a very vulnerable position . 
 instantly , i turned round and kicked open the rest room 's door . 
 in my mind 's eye i visualised the horror i 'd find . 
 she 'd be buried under a pile of krillaz , all of them ripping and tearing her into shreds ; her vocal cords chewed out , eyes bulging , fresh arterial blood running in rivers . 
 i 've always had a vivid imagination . 
 the door crashed into the tiled wall , bouncing back onto my boot . 
 my mettallist hi-ripper 's short barrel moved to cover every danger point -- the ceiling , the dark space within a cleaner 's cupboard , the other cubicles . 
 clemency screamed . 
 `` get out , get out ! '' 
 she was sitting , her combat trousers down past her knees . 
 `` sorry , ma'am , my mistake , '' i muttered , backing out of the rest room . 
 voices came loud and clear over our comms-link . 
 `` what 's going on back there ? '' 
 kham demanded , alarm in his voice . 
 `` i thought i heard something , '' i explained as best i could . 
 `` there 's nothing here , '' Çrámerr 's voice broke in . 
 `` nothing recent , nothing that could have belonged to your Âgustin 's team . 
 looks like nobody 's been here since the initial krilla attacks . '' 
 i had to agree with his assessment . 
 `` we should have gone onto the north coast . 
 we 're wasting our time ; there 's no krillaz here , '' geroge ncdona moaned . 
 `` yes there are , dost . 
 just because we ca n't see them , does n't mean they are n't here , '' said kham with the voice of experience . 
 `` now the excitement 's over , let 's move out . '' 
 clemency came out of the rest room . 
 she could n't meet my eye as we walked in silence back under the main part of the dome where we regrouped . 
 `` this was the last location Âgustin 's gps was detected . 
 however , that does n't mean he met his end here . 
 it could have been damaged , '' kham said . 
 `` where would he be likely to go next ? '' 
 i asked . 
 kham thought for a moment . 
 `` if his gps was damaged , that probably meant injuries . 
 i think anyone would try for the hospital . 
 although it would have been wrecked by krillaz , there might still be facilities to tend injuries -- overlooked medical equipment and the like . '' 
 that made sense . 
 `` where 's the nearest hospital then ? '' 
 asked Çrámerr . 
 kham checked his gps link . 
 `` the tisht-ravat memorial infirmary . 
 it 's only two kilometres away . '' 
 `` let 's get the ball rolling , '' Çrámerr said . 
 `` hopefully we 'll find some krillaz lurking about . '' 
 we formed up and made our way out of the ex-botanic gardens . 
 out into the howling gale -- at least the rain had tapered off for the time being -- and the sun cast its weak , blood-red rays through the clouds . 
 we passed ruined ground-cars on both sides of the road . 
 we were in the centre of bas-hinna so the boulevard was lined with what had once been upmarket department stores , hotels , restaurants and apartment blocks for the city 's wealthier people . 
 it must have once been a good place to live , even on this miserable world . 
 what do they say ? 
 life is what you make of it ? 
 but that was then , this is now . 
 bryophytes covered any surface where they could find a toehold . 
 or should that be root-hold ? 
 the road surface was cracked and potholed with ` mosses ' pushing their way through the konkreet as they reclaimed this urban environment for wilderness . 
 only larger bones had lasted outside but we saw very few . 
 but i could n't shake off a feeling of being watched . 
 nothing definite , more a case of sixth sense . 
 several times , i wheeled around covering side streets or entrance halls as we passed them by . 
 i more than half expected to hear the scratching of krilla 's claws , the chittering squeals of their cries followed by the rush of their foul bodies as they fell on us in a tidal wave of ferocity , overwhelming us with blood-lust . 
 nothing happened but i think all of us felt brooding menace . 
 certainly the execs bunched together in a tighter group until kham brusquely commanded us to spread out . 
 clemency found herself near me . 
 she must have realised i 'd meant no harm and i had n't seen anything . 
 `` it 's a bit of a long-shot , this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` how do you think you 'll find Âgustin if he 's not at this hospital ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i admitted . 
 `` but i 've got a week . 
 something will turn up . '' 
 `` unless the krillaz dragged his body down to their lair , '' Çrámerr broke in over the link . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 but although krillaz love flesh , they have no use for armour or advanced weapons . 
 they would n't bother hauling them underground . 
 i 've heard rumours that the very brightest krillaz use clubs and even knives but that 's their technological limit . 
 we turned off the main drag and down another road , still wide , that would take us to the hospital . 
 a building had burned out and before the rains quenched the flames , fire had spread to neighbouring businesses . 
 the feeling of being observed increased as we scrambled over fallen debris and rubble . 
 it must have been some time ago as bryophytes smothered everything . 
 rocks sailed out of the buildings , raining down around us . 
 lumps of konkreet , stone , rusted office equipment . 
 instantly , we wheeled around , crouching . 
 from the upper storeys we saw a tribe of krillaz . 
 one , a large male , lifted what had been a chair and hurled it down . 
 it struck geroge , knocking him down . 
 from the glassless window we heard their shrill chittering cries mixed in with shrill howls and grunts . 
 bad mistake . 
 it must have been some time since this tribe had encountered hunters . 
 or maybe they were so fed up with chomping on bryophytes or old bones that their blood-lust overruled their caution . 
 all the same , we opened up with everything we had . 
 it was long range for my mettallist hi-ripper but as a very rapid fire weapon i hosed it up at the monsters . 
 the big male -- well , basically my hi-ripper did what it should . 
 it ripped the krilla apart . 
 meanwhile , hari thalami 's gatling ppd 's plastic flechettes shredded the group to its left . 
 they fell back , a hail of razor-sharp shards chasing them deeper into the building . 
 i doubt if any made it . 
 sharp blasts from geroge ncdona 's flux-blaster followed a couple of seconds later . 
 boom-boom-boom . 
 bolts of super-heated plasma crashed in and around the window , exploding in gouts of orange-blue energy . 
 a scream , surprisingly hi-man-like , sounded from the opening . 
 then silence , except for bursts of weapon fire . 
 `` cease fire , '' kham commanded . 
 `` they 're all dead . '' 
 a few seconds later , possibly only after they had run out of ammo , it all fell quiet . 
 there was a smell of burned air and charred rat-meat . 
 `` that was fun . 
 hey , let 's go check 'em out , '' ncdona shouted , his fist pumping the air . 
 his expression looked like he 'd just single-handedly won a war . 
 `` there wo n't be much left . 
 your flux-blaster will have totally destroyed them . '' 
 both ncdona and Çrámerr looked disappointed but followed kham 's lead as he crossed the rubble and down the road . 
 the rest of us followed , me taking the rear as usual . 
 we heard more shrill chittering in the distance and once a group of krillaz hurriedly crossed a side street . 
 they ran in a curiously low-slung way , their forearms held out underneath them . 
 their backs were hunched , their tails held out behind them for balance . 
 one of them looked at us as it passed , its horribly long-snouted , heavy-jawed yet hi-manoid face filled me with loathing . 
 it yawned showing its yellowed , rat-like incisors and hyena fangs . 
 instinctively i raised my hi-ripper and fired . 
 the shards fell short but the krillaz swerved away . 
 clemency also watched them but did n't waste her ammo . 
 `` should have given me a shout , '' Çrámerr called over the link . 
 `` i 'd have wiped 'em out for you . '' 
 `` you 'll get your bag , '' ncdona told his leader supportively . 
 i kept silent . 
 i did n't like the way the krillaz also seemed to be heading in the general direction of the hospital . 
 it was like they knew where we were heading . 
 of course , it could be only coincidence but ... i kept my thoughts to myself as we approached our destination . 
 the tisht-ravat memorial infirmary had been equally trashed . 
 we entered through the main entrance . 
 all the glass was smashed and lay in dull shards over the floor . 
 bryophytes had colonised the entrance foyer , festooning it with their grey-green fronds . 
 we crunched through the entrance and saw long , gloomy corridors stretching away on either side . 
 the hospital was vast . 
 `` if he did ever come here , where do you think Âgustin would have gone ? '' 
 hari thalami asked . 
 a good question . 
 i 'd never met the guy so i put myself in his shoes . 
 where would i go if i , or somebody in my group , was injured ? 
 the operating theatre or the pharmacy and hope that there was still some equipment or medicines i could use . 
 a long shot but that would be my guess . 
 i looked up at the signs . 
 of course , they were in local script but using my neural implant i translated them . 
 `` we 'll never cover the whole hospital . 
 we 'll split up into two teams , '' kham decided after a moment 's thought . 
 i do n't think we 'll come across anything we ca n't handle . 
 but stay in touch . '' 
 perhaps i should have reminded them of the group of krillaz we saw earlier heading in this direction but did n't . 
 i was thinking more about searching through this vast building for Âgustin . 
 also , i did n't think a bunch of unarmoured beasties with no weapons would prove any threat . 
 how wrong i was . 
 clemency , hari thalami and myself became the ` b ' team , leaving the alpha-male types to take the part of the ` a ' team . 
 the pharmacy was closest so we checked it first . 
 unsurprisingly , it was wrecked -- maybe because people had made their last stand here . 
 skeletons of both hi-mans and krillaz lay strewn about among corroded weapons and rotten armour . 
 i noticed two skeletons locked in their death-throes . 
 a krilla 's long snout locked on a man 's neck while his pistol was jammed into what had been the krilla 's belly . 
 they had killed each other in the same instant . 
 what was left of the medicines had long spoiled . 
 packages and broken bottles lay scattered about the bodies . 
 but there was no sign of any recent activity . 
 the bryophytes had n't got this far yet but moulds and mildews still colonised the walls and ceiling . 
 we turned left and followed signs to the operating theatres . 
 they were on the same level . 
 we passed overturned trolleys , rusting oxygen cylinders and the usual clutter you 'd find in any busy hospital . 
 and more skeletons -- many more -- both hi-man and krilla . 
 it looked as if the vermin knew sick and injured people would take shelter here and had made a bee-line straight for it . 
 i scanned the dirty corridor floor for recent tracks but did n't see anything . 
 that did n't lift my spirits -- but it was early days yet . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 thalami said , his voice higher pitched than normal . 
 he wheeled around , facing back down the long passageway . 
 turning his head-lamp up to the max , the beam of bright white light made every shadow stand out in sharp contrast . 
 infected by the little guy 's jumpiness , i turned my ear-piece up , listening for any sounds , and heard scratching in the distance . 
 `` could be the ` a ' team ? '' 
 clemency suggested . 
 she licked her lips nervously , looking around . 
 i realised that this management excursion was n't her idea of a good time . 
 `` maybe . 
 but keep your fingers on the trigger , folks , '' i suggested . 
 we made our way through a set of double doors into a scrub room . 
 sinks lined one wall . 
 beyond was the operating room itself . 
 a rusting robot-doc hung from the ceiling , its vast array of precision arms limp and dead . 
 i shook my head . 
 i doubted Âgustin had ever come here . 
 other doors led off the theatre -- probably to recovery rooms . 
 nobody needed their enhancements for what came next . 
 we all heard scratching and shrill chattering from the next room . 
 `` here they come , '' i shouted . 
 the krillaz genetically enhanced blood-lust had triumphed . 
 they wanted flesh -- red , raw meat ; hot and fresh . 
 the doors burst open and a flood of krilla 's leaped into the theatre . 
 the first thing i noticed was their heavy-jawed muzzles -- their faces looked more like hyenas than rats -- with a row of razor-sharp teeth designed to rend and tear . 
 above , heavy-lidded eyes stared at us with pure hatred . 
 their hands -- no , not paws -- reached for us , eager to pull us down when they would overrun us . 
 a few carried clubs -- any length of twisted metal would do -- which they raised high to smash us to the ground . 
 `` let 'em have it , '' i shouted , opening up with my m-88 mettallist hi-ripper . 
 at the same time hari thalami 's gatling ppd blazed away . 
 over the harsh shredding sounds of our very rapid-fire weapons , i heard the louder booms of clemency 's bassoonka -- it looks a little like an old-fashioned musical instrument but instead of notes , it fires high explosive shells . 
 nasty . 
 the front wave of krillaz had no chance . 
 they were shredded to slices -- deep gashes and slashes opening on their bodies as the flechettes bit deep . 
 they went down in heaps . 
 some screamed and howled their agony and rage , others died instantly . 
 but they all died . 
 blood sprayed in arcs and gouts . 
 the sight of blood enraged the others . 
 the second wave leaped over the bodies howling and hissing . 
 they also died , just like their mates an instant before . 
 bloody heaps piled up before us . 
 but the third wave -- those krillaz reached us . 
 now we were in trouble . 
 while we were able to keep our distance , our weapons more than negated the krilla 's numbers . 
 no way could a creature armed only with claws and teeth beat modern weapons . 
 but directly on top , with us unable to freely use our weapons -- that was a different story . 
 a big male , jaws open wide , leaped on me . 
 i staggered back from the impact , fetching up against the operating table itself . 
 i managed to wedge my hi-ripper into his belly and squeezed the trigger . 
 guts , flesh and visceral blood sprayed out , washing over its mates . 
 the krilla collapsed down around my boots . 
 it tried to bite my ankles even as it died . 
 more blood just enraged the others . 
 three more leaped onto me . 
 their strong jaws biting and tearing at my armour . 
 super-kevlar is tough but nothing short of battle-dress can withstand a krilla 's jaws for long . 
 one of them went for the weak spot between my shoulder and helmet . 
 i felt its hot breath as its evil eyes stared into mine . 
 i slipped on the tangle of guts at my feet and crashed to the floor . 
 more krillaz piled onto me , pinning me down . 
 i was in deep trouble now . 
 one pinioned my arm to the ground . 
 instinctively i pulled the trigger . 
 a stream of metallic shards sprayed out over the floor , tearing up still another 's leg . 
 it toppled over , clutching its ruined limb , its scream surprisingly hi-man . 
 but that did n't worry its friends . 
 more food for later . 
 they carried on piling onto me , worrying and biting my armour , trying to tear through to the meat underneath . 
 my tender body in other words . 
 `` hari ! '' 
 i screamed over the noise from the krillaz . 
 chapter 5 : i see the light . 
 with my peripheral vision i saw hari thalami wheel around . 
 he saw the cluster of bodies . 
 he hosed us with his gatling ppd . 
 a hailstorm of plastic flechettes tore into the krillaz , ripping their bodies to bits . 
 my enhanced ears rang from their howls and shrieks as they died . 
 my armour was also damaged but that was the least of my concerns . 
 i hauled myself to one knee . 
 the room was awash -- literally -- with blood , intestines and other bits of organs . 
 snatching up my hi-ripper i took down a krilla that was crouching , ready to leap onto thalami 's back . 
 looking up , i saw clemency had taken position behind the operating table , using it as cover . 
 from there she was shooting krillaz as they came through the door . 
 the others were climbing over the bodies of their mates to reach us . 
 yet litres of blood only enraged the survivors . 
 they paused for one moment of time then charged us . 
 still on one knee i pressed the trigger . 
 nothing happened . 
 out of ammunition . 
 i swore . 
 `` cover me , '' i shouted above the noise , fumbling in my battle-vest 's pockets for another canister . 
 my fingers clutched it , wrenched the old one out and slammed the fresh one in . 
 i flicked off the safety ... too late . 
 sensing my weakness , more krillaz fell on me . 
 we were being overwhelmed by the sheer weight of numbers . 
 i jerked my hi-ripper away from a dark-grey female but still another snatched it away . 
 there was silence coming from hari thalami 's gun as he ran out of ammunition as well . 
 things were looking more than serious . 
 i do n't think these execs expected to be grappling hand-to-hand with ravenous monstrosities . 
 taking pot-shots from a safe distance was what they 'd signed up for . 
 clemency 's bassoonka fired again , blowing away another krilla in a welter of gore . 
 i freed my left arm and wrenched my dagger from its sheath . 
 this rib-tickler cost me a load , being made from solid diamond . 
 it had been mined on planet 55 cancri e -- a super-massive world only 41 light years from earth itself . 
 diamond is n't as popular these days but i like it as it holds its edge well . 
 also , it has old-time glamour and allure . 
 diamonds are a girl 's best friend ? 
 well , it was mine at the moment . 
 anyway , i plunged the knife deep into the krilla 's guts and twisted hard . 
 it shrieked but even knowing death was coming , it tried to bite my head off . 
 it died as it was born , in pain and hatred . 
 i flung its dying body off me , pulling the blade free and struggled to my feet , gasping for breath . 
 clemency took aim and blew another 's head clean off . 
 one of the doors swung open -- still more krillaz poured into the room . 
 with our retreat cut off , we were in deep , deep trouble . 
 i jacked yet another ammo cylinder into my hi-ripper , racked the safety and shredded the first of the new krillaz . 
 it 's dying body skidded towards me over the blood-slick floor , knocking me sideways . 
 i lost it a bit then . 
 `` hari -- stop messing about and help me ! '' 
 i screamed over the din . 
 the neat little exec was flustered , still trying to reload . 
 this was way more excitement than he 'd signed on for . 
 if he could n't get that gatling ppd firing on all cylinders within the next few seconds then we 'd all be overwhelmed . 
 personally , i did n't fancy becoming rat food . 
 hari thalami looked at me , wild-eyed with fright . 
 they say krillaz can smell fear and they leaped and bounded towards him . 
 to say things were looking black was an understatement -- it was blacker than the heart of a black hole . 
 clemency 's bassoonka boomed again and again -- but it was too slow against the number of krillaz crowding the room . 
 i wheeled around as the door crashed open again . 
 i aimed my hi-ripper at the opening ready to slaughter the first krillaz through . 
 if i was to die today , i 'd go surrounded by dead rat-men . 
 i 'd teach them to fear hi-mans in future . 
 instead , farrie-galv kham burst through the door . 
 he processed the scene in one millisecond , set his weapon to maximum fire and -- well , he creamed a load of rat-men . 
 it was n't pretty but it was effective . 
 Çrámerr -- for all his faults , their boss was no coward -- stepped into the room straight on kham 's heels . 
 his 10mm carbine also added to his bag . 
 relieved from the threat of imminent death , hari got his fingers and thumbs together , loaded up and then his gatling wheeled into action . 
 the devastation was appalling . 
 krillaz are genetically made to be bloodthirsty maniacs . 
 but stupid they are n't . 
 as if controlled by one mind , they turned tail and fled , squeaking and shrieking in panic and terror . 
 now there were six of us , they knew they were outclassed . 
 `` cease fire ! 
 cease fire ! '' 
 kham commanded . 
 after a moment , we powered down our weapons . 
 `` that was close . 
 thanks , '' i panted , leaning against the wrecked operating table . 
 i cleaned my diamond blade , checked my armour -- which was trashed -- and looked around . 
 the room was choked with dead and dying rat-men . 
 at least the survivors would have plenty of fresh meat to chew on -- cannibalism is another of their nasty habits . 
 nobody wanted to linger . 
 after all , it would n't take long before the krillaz licked their wounds and decided on another attack . 
 fresh hi-man flesh tastes so much better than rat-man carrion . 
 keeping together , we made our way out of the charnel house and into the fresh air outside the hospital . 
 the gale was still blowing and this time we were glad of torrential rain washing blood from our clothes . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that , '' clemency said to me as we walked back to the steg . 
 nobody fancied going after any more krillaz today . 
 everyone was tired and all the execs looked exhausted after all the adrenalin filtered from their systems . 
 who was i fooling ? 
 i was drained as well . 
 even knowing their reputation , we 'd not expected mayhem on such a scale . 
 `` it got a bit scary for a while , '' i admitted . 
 `` but your bassoonka held them off just long enough . '' 
 `` should have brought a rapid-fire weapon like yours , '' she said . 
 her voice sounded flat and drained of emotion , her french accent stronger than usual . 
 `` i 'm going to complain to hi-man resources about this trip when i get home . '' 
 i did n't blame her . 
 this trip was way too dangerous for a bunch of desk-jockeys who fancied themselves as weekend hunters . 
 we reached the safety of the steg and piled on board , pulling off our helmets and armour as we did so . 
 now we were safe , Çrámerr started spouting . 
 `` now that was a show stopper , was n't it ? '' 
 nobody responded . 
 i was glad i did n't work for that idiot . 
 `` we kicked some butt , did n't we ? '' 
 we ? 
 he only appeared at the last minute . 
 okay , they 'd saved us from the krillaz but it was us , the ` b ' team , who 'd killed most of them . 
 taking no notice of his colleague 's silence , Çrámerr carried on with his management waffle . 
 `` you handled yourselves well there , guys . 
 next time you 're facing down our corporate rivals , you 'll be able to look 'em in the eyes over the conference table and show no fear . '' 
 did that idiot really think his execs would really be thinking about rat-men when they were next doing a buy-out or restructure or whatever it is these people do ? 
 i doubt it . 
 if they were still thinking about this time , then they would n't be concentrating on work . 
 i wondered how long it would take hari and clemency to get over nearly dying under rat-men 's claws and teeth as , beneath his darker skin , even hari looked pale and shaken . 
 i found a seat , pulled off my blood-soaked armour and checked it . 
 it was chewed-up but fortunately still serviceable . 
 while i cleaned my hi-ripper i asked kham if his group had found any trace of Âgustin 's party . 
 he shook his head sadly . 
 `` sorry , dost , nothing . 
 apart from krillaz , i do n't think anyone 's set foot in that hospital since the city 's fall . '' 
 that figured . 
 it was a long shot at best . 
 when everyone had more or less recovered , kham suggested that was enough excitement for one day . 
 sensing his colleagues ' mood , even Çrámerr had sense enough to keep quiet . 
 made a nice change . 
 `` in that case , let 's ball-park the steg overnight . 
 everyone buy-in to that ? '' 
 we nodded . 
 they bought that idea . 
 there was no night this side of hancox 1 , but we knew what he meant . 
 kham got behind the wheel , brought up the city map on the gps and headed off to an industrial area on the outskirts . 
 the steg trundled along , swerving around the deepest potholes and rubble from collapsed buildings . 
 it started raining again -- sharp , sudden squalls lashing against the steg 's bulk . 
 emerging from a thick grove of taller bryophytes i spotted a small troop of krillaz . 
 they pointed -- a surprisingly hi-man gesture and fled back into the undergrowth . 
 were they still following us ? 
 i did n't say anything to the others . 
 kham turned down a side-street and found what he was looking for . 
 the sign , now faded and almost illegible said it had once been a furniture depot . 
 a raised shutter opened into a darkened interior . 
 more importantly , the structure seemed sturdy and easily defensible . 
 i climbed up into the turret and switched on the searchlight . 
 it 's billion watt beam -- or whatever -- flooded the store with light . 
 apart from some rotted crates and furniture against one wall the place seemed empty . 
 more importantly , there were no krillaz lurking inside . 
 reversing , kham backed the steg inside and switched off the engine . 
 in silence , we heard rain buffeting against the depot . 
 kham asked me to put on my armour and help set up our defensive perimeter . 
 of course , Çrámerr also volunteered and that meant his worn-out execs also had to follow suit . 
 no way could anyone not show willing . 
 clutching our weapons , we laid out trip-wires linked to anti-personnel mines at the depot 's entrance , and also a back door that Çrámerr discovered . 
 kham also set up an infra-red warning system . 
 that meant we did n't have to sit in the cramped confines of the steg all evening . 
 we ate our reheated meals -- to be honest , no more than army rations -- sitting around a camp fire built up from abandoned furniture . 
 sitting around the blaze was almost cheerful . 
 needless to say , Çrámerr was life and soul of the party . 
 that man loved the sound of his own voice . 
 he told us about other hunting trips he 'd been on . 
 somehow he 'd wangled a permit to hunt the very rare silver leap-hards of farina 's hi-awale mountains . 
 or so he said . 
 fast-bear-dogs on iridium -- yes , they also fell to his guns . 
 from animals he moved onto corporate deals he 'd brokered , companies he 'd asset-stripped , successful speculative ventures , mega-bonuses he 'd earned . 
 and so on . 
 at this rate he 'd be buying a planet . 
 oh , he already had . '' 
 ... a small moon orbiting a nearby gas-giant , only a rocky lump , of course . 
 use it for vacations , not that i 've ever had time to go myself , but my fourth wife loves it -- uses it as her little getaway ... '' four wives ? 
 why did n't that come as a surprise ? 
 i hope the first three are sticking it to him for alimony . '' 
 ... views of the gas giant are superb and i 've had a few ice asteroids sent our way to give us extra water . 
 my little slice of the big universe ... '' maybe his captive audience of execs were paid to listen to this garbage but i was n't . 
 stretching my legs , i stood , checked the line of anti-personnel mines and looked out over the ruined city . 
 we must be on higher ground here as i had a good view . 
 it had n't changed any -- that 's one of the downsides of a tide-locked world . 
 it was a dreary , uninspiring view , still raining with thick clouds blocking the sun . 
 i became aware of a warm presence behind me . 
 clemency rested a hand on my shoulder . 
 despite the damp , miserable conditions my body thrilled to her touch . 
 `` keeping watch are you ? '' 
 she said in a low voice . 
 that french accent always does it for me . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 i made a little shrug backwards with my shoulder . 
 `` he 's kinda hard to take , is n't he ? '' 
 `` he 's not that bad -- once you cut through all the management bs . 
 he 's very successful . 
 work hard , play hard . 
 that 's one of his mottoes . '' 
 `` thought it would be , '' i muttered . 
 `` you really wan na be like him ? '' 
 now it was her turn to shrug . 
 `` not really . 
 but i would like his power -- i could do some good with it rather than grabbing it all for myself . '' 
 her blue eyes softened momentarily . 
 do n't forget , she came from one of those francophone colonies -- a lot of them have philosophy hard-wired into their dna . 
 not literally , but you know what i mean . 
 `` and bank balance ? '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` that would be nice . 
 he really does own a moon . '' 
 `` good for him . '' 
 there was a pause , companionable rather than uncomfortable . 
 i could stay standing here with this beautiful woman , looking out over the ruined city for ages . 
 `` got a bit lively earlier , did n't it ? '' 
 i said , after a while . 
 `` she nodded . 
 `` i do n't think Çrámerr expected krillaz to be as savage as that . '' 
 `` he should have done better research then . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 clemency said , her voice sharper than before . 
 `` research ? 
 why , krillaz are ... '' clemency gripped my arm -- her manicured nails digging into my upper arm . 
 `` i know what research is . 
 what 's that light ? '' 
 now it was my turn to stand and stare . 
 `` what light ? '' 
 `` there , '' she said , pointing out into the deluge . 
 i blinked . 
 `` i ca n't see anything . '' 
 then i did . 
 it was only the rain and talking to this beautiful woman which had stopped me noticing it before . 
 that 's my excuse and i 'm sticking with it . 
 a light flashed out in the distance . 
 well , flashed is putting it a bit strongly . 
 a pinpoint dim flicker in the hazy gloom would be more accurate . 
 the light vanished , then reappeared ; vanished then reappeared . 
 now i 'd seen it , i could n't unsee it . 
 the light seemed to flicker on and off at regular intervals . 
 enhancing my visuals and synchronising them with my neural implant , i noticed that the light lasted exactly 3.141 seconds . 
 pi in other words . 
 it had to be man-made . 
 for all their cunning , krillaz have n't yet mastered advanced mathematics . 
 i double-checked but there was no doubt . 
 `` kham ? 
 come and have a look at this , '' i called back over my shoulder . 
 like myself , our guide had left the fireside and was tinkering with the steg . 
 anything to get away from Çrámerr 's bragging . 
 not only kham but everyone got up and looked outside . 
 and everyone checked the frequency of the pulses . 
 we all watched for a while as if hypnotised . 
 `` 3.14159265359 seconds . 
 definitely pi , '' Çrámerr said after a moment . 
 needless to say , his implant outclassed everyone else 's . 
 i bet he could have given it to a hundred decimal points if he 'd wanted . 
 `` what say we go ping that source ? '' 
 there were no audible groans -- his team were way too savvy for that -- but there was a sense of shoulders slumping at the thought of crossing a krilla infested city to check out that light source . 
 none of them , not even clemency would want to be seen as a wimp , but all were exhausted . 
 `` it must be an automated beacon , dost , '' kham said into the silence . 
 `` no telling how long it 's been broadcasting -- maybe years . 
 i think it should keep until we 're all fresher . 
 in the morning . '' 
 `` okay -- we 'll park it until tomorrow , '' Çrámerr said , trying to sound as if that had been his decision all along . 
 i did n't think we were in much danger -- not with all the hardware protecting the entrance -- so i offered to take first night shift . 
 i sat on a crate with my hi-ripper across my knees and clemency 's bassoonka within easy reach and watched the light glimmering in the gloom . 
 once i thought i saw a small troop of krillaz flit across an alley but by the time i focussed my visuals they had disappeared . 
 i guess they did n't fancy being turned into rat-jelly . 
 clemency had the turn after me . 
 i mentioned my possible krilla sighting and left her to it . 
 `` do you think that light might be a signal from Âgustin ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the thought had crossed my mind . 
 i doubted it was a relic from the time the krillaz originally overran bas-hinna . 
 the humid climate here is hard on electronics . 
 `` could be . '' 
 instead of turning in , i stayed with clemency and we talked . 
 i told her a little about my life and some of the more interesting cases i 'd taken on . 
 she was a good listener . 
 `` sometimes i wish i 'd gone into something more , well ... exciting , '' she said wistfully . 
 she rubbed her face and yawned slightly . 
 `` i did n't have much choice . 
 my family pushed me into getting a good career after university . 
 my father was -- is -- a small-world physician but knew i could do so much better . 
 not that i 'm complaining . 
 i 'm making good money and if i get this promotion then i 'll be in the big leagues . 
 i 'll be able to do so much more . '' 
 `` and buy your own planetoid , '' i gibed . 
 she shuddered . 
 `` we 're not all like Çrámerr , '' she said with a tired smile . 
 i was beginning to appreciate that . 
 chapter 6 : we investigate the light . 
 after a session of augmented sleep -- not wanting nightmares , i switched off my dreamcaster mode and i guess everyone else did the same -- we loaded up and rolled out after a hasty breakfast . 
 i think we were all on edge after the krilla 's savage attack of yesterday . 
 kham checked the probable location of the still flashing signal on his gps and decided that it came from city hall . 
 that was one of bas-hinna 's tallest buildings and would be an obvious landmark . 
 we drove onto and down the main drag again . 
 the storm-battered , crumbling buildings now choked by bryophytes filled us with gloom . 
 well , they did me and clemency anyway . 
 she sat next to me on the bench seat with her helmet off . 
 her body was slumped forwards , her hands between her knees . 
 her ash-blonde hair fell around her face and i was so tempted to sweep it back and kiss her lips . 
 i wondered what they would taste like . 
 i no longer thought of her as a grade-a ball-breaker but a woman who was less than happy with the situation she found herself in -- i guess that she 'd lost whatever taste for slaughtering vermin she had originally come with . 
 `` you feeling alright ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she glanced up . 
 Çrámerr had grabbed the turret seat and was swivelling about taking no notice of us . 
 `` no , '' she whispered , shaking her head . 
 `` i 'm not sure this is worth it . 
 i do n't know what nearly getting killed is supposed to teach us about better management techniques . '' 
 opposite , hari thalami nodded warily . 
 only the 110 % loyal corporate man , geroge ncdona stuck up for the trip . 
 `` it will show how we cope with fear , demonstrate our ability to handle crisis situations . 
 after this , anything the boardroom throws at us will seem easy . '' 
 we looked at him . 
 nobody needed telepathic implants -- which i hate -- to know what the other two thought of that little speech . 
 we passed a cemetery and the small , stone gravestones also smothered by bryophytes did nothing to lift the atmosphere . 
 `` yee-haa ! '' 
 yelled Çrámerr from up in the turret . 
 he loosed off several shots . 
 `` got 'em ! '' 
 he 'd blasted a little krilla group scavenging through the bone-yard . 
 he leaned down into the main compartment , his handsome face grinning with delight . 
 `` hey , i wonder if anyone in that graveyard ever thought about cloning ? 
 did i ever tell you that 's one of the perks when you get to my level -- economou pays for a clone ? 
 nice little extra . 
 so while i 'm having fun with you guys , my clone 's hard at work in the office . 
 hope he 's behaving himself ! '' 
 Çrámerr laughed before swinging back up into the turret . 
 `` i 've got another spare -- just in case . 
 it 's key to be buttoned-down at all times . '' 
 i looked at clemency , eyes open with horror . 
 there 's another Çrámerr out there in the universe ? 
 possibly two ? 
 one is too many . 
 the steg slowed to a crawl . 
 peering out , i saw we had reached a cracked parking lot outside city hall . 
 faded signs directed the various users to the right place . 
 we pulled up right outside double-doors that were hanging off their hinges . 
 `` make sure you have plenty of ammunition , '' Çrámerr said unnecessarily . 
 once again , kham checked the executives ' armour . 
 satisfied , he gave us our instructions . 
 `` after the hospital , we 're not splitting up . 
 stick together , nice and tight . 
 the beacon must be on one of the top floors so we 'll head there . 
 i 'll take point ; vargo tail . 
 keep your eyes open -- and if it gets noisy , take care . '' 
 as with the hospital , the main entrance lobby of city hall was totally trashed . 
 bryophytes covered the floor with smaller climbing species trailing over the walls and ceiling . 
 a few paces in , kham stooped and inspected the floor . 
 Çrámerr pushed forwards until he was directly behind the guide . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 kham stood and showed us several large pellets . 
 `` krilla spoor . 
 lots of it . 
 fresh , too . '' 
 `` the key is to take all precautions while we deep-dive this place , '' Çrámerr said to his execs . 
 to be honest , nobody needed to be told that . 
 we made our way past what had once been an impressive italianate marble reception desk and down a wide corridor . 
 in the deep gloom , we all turned on our head-lamps and splashed beams of white light over the water stained walls . 
 we passed a bank of elevators before hitting the stairwell . 
 `` how many floors are there ? '' 
 i called out from the back . 
 `` seven , '' kham called back . 
 `` and a basement level , as well . 
 but we need n't go down there . '' 
 both clemency and hari thalami looked relieved . 
 owing to their rat ancestry , krillaz prefer to lair below ground . 
 kham put his shoulder to the door and shoved . 
 the swollen wood scraped over a tiled floor revealing worn stairs leading up and down . 
 greasy marks on the walls showed that this was a rat-man thoroughfare . 
 kham made his way up to the first return and poked his weapon -- an m-88 mettallist hi-ripper like mine -- up the next flight . 
 `` it 's clear , '' he called to us . 
 we followed , me keeping an eye on what was happening behind and below us . 
 no way did i want krillaz sneaking up on us . 
 only Çrámerr did n't seem affected by nerves . 
 fist-pumping the air , he called , `` let 's show 'em what economou 's management is capable of ! '' 
 only his acolyte , geroge ncdona raised a cheer . 
 in our semi-military formation we carried on up the staircase , kham pausing to assess any possible threat before carrying on upwards . 
 the man knew what he was doing and no blame can be attached to him for what happened next . 
 these things happen . 
 with no warning , lumps of konkreet hurtled down on us followed by debris from the office blocks -- desk plinths , filing cabinets , even a vending machine . 
 the machine -- a solidly built piece of steel and glass crashed down on top of kham . 
 he wore good armour but a quarter tonne machine falling on your head from ten metres has only one effect . 
 it crushed his skull like an eggshell and kham fell as if pole-axed . 
 the vending machine toppled over , slamming ncdona into the wall . 
 with a cry of shock , Çrámerr leaped out of the way , fetching up against the outer wall . 
 more rubble rained down . 
 now we all heard the shrill tittering laughter of krillaz from above . 
 taking advantage of our disarray , krillaz raced down the stairs . 
 using their prehensile tails , others swung down from the banisters . 
 a flood of lean , scabrous , greyish bodies , all with their strong hyena jaws gaping wide poured towards us . 
 for the first time , Çrámerr did n't come out with some management-speak . 
 protecting ncdona 's body with his own , he crouched and swung his 10mm carbine into position . 
 another overpowered weapon but at this point , who cares . 
 the gas-powered slugs ripped into the first krillaz , tearing great holes through their bodies before slamming into those behind . 
 `` time to do the coconut shuffle , '' yelled Çrámerr . 
 sounded as if he was having fun . 
 he fired again and again . 
 not bothering to show fearlessness in the face of the enemy , hari thalami stepped up to his boss 's side , his gatling ppd at the ready . 
 he aimed his weapon upwards and a hail of razor-sharp plastic flechettes greeted the krillaz . 
 blood and guts poured down on us in a gory , red rain as well as dying and dead krillaz . 
 but there were still plenty of live ones as well . 
 the lead rat-men fell on Çrámerr and thalami , smothering them with their bodies ; their strong , fang-filled jaws going for the two men 's throats and other vulnerable parts . 
 thalami screamed . 
 i watched , horrified , as he tried to wrap his finger around his gatling 's trigger -- and it was bitten off . 
 he screamed again , a high-pitched shriek of agony that cut through the noise . 
 another bit into his boot , its terrible jaws crunching into bone . 
 now they had tasted blood , there was no stopping the krillaz . 
 it was them or us -- simple as that . 
 more and more raced down from the upper floors . 
 ncdona groaned and rolled away from the wall . 
 just as well he was n't shooting -- his augmented flux-blaster was too powerful to deal with those krillaz swarming over his colleagues . 
 he 'd have annihilated them as well as the rat-men . 
 with clemency in the way , i had only a very limited field of fire . 
 then my helmet 's aural enhancers detected sounds coming from behind me . 
 like scratching on konkreet . 
 i spun around in less than a nanosecond of time . 
 not literally , but you get the idea . 
 my mouth flopped open for an instant . 
 hurrying up the stairs from the basement was another clan of krillaz . 
 bringing up the rear , forcing his clan on was a big albino male , his pink eyes glowing in the gloom . 
 the monster carried a length of metal piping . 
 there had been rumours about tool-using krillaz -- although the scientists safe back in their labs said that was impossible . 
 he also wore the remnants of some poor person 's bullet-proof vest . 
 how the monster had worked out how to put it on beats me . 
 beside him , a younger albino -- his son ? 
 i thought -- had a matching helmet perched on his misshapen skull . 
 still another held a tube-like bassoonka , but the weapon was all bent out of shape and was carried like a cudgel . 
 the rest were in front , jaws agape , ready to bite and rend . 
 my finger slipped within the trigger guard and i squeezed . 
 immediately , shards from my mettallist hi-ripper tore into the scurrying rat-men . 
 now they 'd lost the element of surprise , the krillaz had nothing to lose and raced up the stairs , arms outstretched to grab us into their bone-crunching jaws . 
 we were caught in a classic pincer movement . 
 how had they worked that one out ? 
 or was it just bad chance ? 
 but i did n't have time to think -- i guess none of us did -- merely react to what was going down now . 
 the lead krillaz -- a couple of darker females , i think -- went down under my hi-ripper 's deadly hailstorm of death . 
 they fell a couple of metres from me in lakes of dark , red blood and then the rest trampled over their still twitching bodies , so desperate was their need for fresh meat . 
 taking a step back , i lifted the hi-ripper , aimed it at the face of a pale juvenile -- not albino but its patchy fur was n't far different in colour . 
 it was n't a pretty sight after my rapidly gyrating shards virtually decapitated it . 
 even above the roar of battle , i heard a howl of rage and agony coming from that big albino at the back . 
 had i killed his son ? 
 i hoped so . 
 the headless rat-man collapsed at my feet , i kicked its corpse away and aimed at the one following it . 
 then still another , with more smarts than the rest dived for my booted feet , knocking me off balance . 
 still firing , the hi-ripper 's shards went wildly into the ceiling and plaster dust swirled down . 
 following its pack-buddy 's lead , another krilla took me down by the knees . 
 these krillaz were n't stupid -- cunning and viciousness defines them . 
 even their rat-like brains knew they would be killed by our weapons unless they got up close and personal with us and used their numbers and jaws to overwhelm us . 
 desperately , i tried to recall who was on their feet where they were . 
 kham , i reckoned was dead -- or at least hors de combat -- and i could n't hear the methodical boom-boom of geroge ncdona 's augmented flux-blaster . 
 that was bad news . 
 my enhanced vision saw clemency l'alleyn 's bassoonka firing at the horde of krillaz coming down the stairs . 
 likewise Çrámerr 's 10mm carbine . 
 a big krilla pinned down my firing arm and then tried to chew off my wrist . 
 another joined it , then another . 
 the three started squabbling among themselves , their high-pitched chittering grating on my ears . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed over the comms-link . 
 `` now ! '' 
 there was a deafening bang just by my ear-piece . 
 clemency 's long-barrelled bassoonka poked down and blew a huge hole in the monstrosity chomping on my wrist . 
 it flew backwards -- looking less hi-manoid and more like a charred steak . 
 she moved the barrel a few centimetres and a second krilla shot backwards , smashing into its fellows . 
 my arm freed from their weight , i jerked free , ripped my trusty diamond knife free and skewered another . 
 blood drenched my combat trousers but an instant later i was on my feet . 
 i flexed my arm and sent a spray of metal shards into the bodies of those still advancing up the stairs . 
 they faltered , their albino leader holding them back , regrouping them . 
 i fired at him but sensing my intention the rat-man dropped to the floor and my shards caught a scrawny , pallid krilla in the chest . 
 more and more krillaz poured up the stairs , their evil eyes staring at us with hatred . 
 even with our advanced weaponry there was no way our little group could make it through that horde . 
 i glanced over my shoulder at the krillaz above us . 
 Çrámerr 's 10mm , clemency 's bassoonka and hari thalami 's gatling ppd had made short work of them . 
 many of the krillaz were dead or dying , their final cries and squeaks as they fought oblivion hateful to our ears . 
 however , the rest 's blood-lust was still working overtime . 
 they wanted meat -- fresh and dripping with blood . 
 then disaster struck . 
 because of his injury , hari thalami was having trouble reloading his gatling -- like i said earlier , it 's a very effective close-combat weapon but heavy on ammunition . 
 partly covered by Çrámerr he was struggling to pull another cylinder from out his battle-vest 's pocket . 
 his dark face -- and i remember it well -- was a rictus grin of pain and terror . 
 this was not what he 'd signed on for but i admired his courage . 
 an injured blackish krilla , its legs and torso covered in a multitude of wounds , reached down . 
 maybe sensing thalami 's fear , the rat-man dived for thalami 's waist , wrapping its forelimbs about him . 
 then with one superhi-man -- or super-krilla ? 
 -- twist and flick , still clinging on for grim death , it hurled him over the banister railing following him down the stairwell 's central void into the waiting horde of rat-men below . 
 the man had no chance . 
 there was a dull thud as hi-man and rat-man hit the konkreet floor and then all the other krillaz below fell on them . 
 it was like watching the sea boil . 
 there was one short scream , abruptly cut off . 
 we all paled . 
 they did and i know i must have done . 
 i felt sick , physically sick and it was all i could do to hold my breakfast rations down . 
 mentally , i shook myself . 
 this was no good . 
 at this rate the monsters would get to devour us all . 
 glancing downstairs , it was obvious we were n't getting out that way . 
 looking up , over Çrámerr 's shoulder , i saw the smaller group of krillaz still fighting . 
 a burst of fire from the 10mm and clemency 's bassoonka took out another couple and then the rest turned tail and fled -- literally -- this time . 
 `` up ... up ! '' 
 i shouted over the comms-link , pointing for added emphasis . 
 `` what about kham ? '' 
 said clemency . 
 `` we ca n't take his body -- not and save ourselves . 
 leave it -- it might delay them , '' i called back . 
 `` we 're not on the same page here , '' Çrámerr butted in . 
 `` we ca n't just leave him . '' 
 `` you carry the dead weight if you want , '' i said , responding in similar management-speak . 
 `` it 'll only slow us down . '' 
 even with thalami 's body -- and their dead friends -- to satisfy them , the krillaz below were now advancing up the stairs . 
 realising he was flogging a dead horse , as the saying goes , Çrámerr hurried upstairs to the next return and took up a firing stance . 
 the few krillaz braver than the rest turned and fled along various corridors leading off the staircase . 
 supporting geroge ncdona , who had gone worryingly pale , with sweat pouring down his face , we made our way up to the top floor . 
 now clemency took rearguard . 
 `` do n't want to hurry you , but ... , '' she said . 
 she did n't have to say anything . 
 evil scratching and high-pitched sniggering followed us . 
 the krillaz were in hot pursuit . 
 chapter 7 : we escape a trap . 
 no time to draw breath . 
 on the top floor , there was only one door . 
 the bad news was that it was fortified . 
 i guess behind that thick slab of dura-steel was the elevator winch room , maybe electronic cupboards as well as the roof access . 
 `` i 'll shoot the lock off , '' Çrámerr shouted , still loving every second . 
 i imagined him in a few months time , after the terror had died down , entertaining his zero-g golfing buddies on his private moonlet . 
 `` well , of course , i was the only one who knew what was what . 
 that 's what they pay me the big bucks for , ha-ha . 
 and you should see the size of my compensation payout . 
 anyone fancy another gin ? '' 
 before i could shout `` no ! '' 
 he 'd raised his 10mm and fired at the hinges . 
 10mm slugs ricocheted around the landing sending chips flying everywhere and leaving craters in the wall . 
 one whistled within centimetres of my head and another slammed into geroge 's abdomen . 
 he uttered a sudden `` whoof , '' and fell forwards out of my arms , collapsing in a broken heap on the konkreet . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i yelled over the comm-link . 
 reluctantly , Çrámerr ceased fire . 
 i handed him ncdona 's augmented flux-blaster . 
 i did n't think its owner would be needing it any time soon . 
 `` set it to precision fire and take care , '' i told him . 
 dragging ncdona 's body , clemency and i ducked around a corner and let the alpha-male do his job . 
 just to keep their heads down , i asked clemency to fire a few shots down the stairwell . 
 red-hot balls of energy rocketed down . 
 by now the incredible heat of the flux-blaster had melted the hinges and the armoured door stood ajar . 
 sprinting up , i helped Çrámerr wrench it open sufficiently wide and then ran back round the corner to fetch clemency and ncdona . 
 i did n't like the look of the man 's state . 
 he was breathing fast and shallow . 
 definitely in shock . 
 we hauled ncdona through the door , his feet scraping over the konkreet . 
 as soon as he was through , Çrámerr and i put our shoulders to it and wedged the door closed . 
 it would n't hold the krilla onslaught for ever but it would have to do . 
 from my backpack , i took an anti-personnel mine and set it up facing the door . 
 that would give the first ones through something to think about . 
 `` still having fun ? '' 
 i asked Çrámerr sarcastically . 
 he nodded . 
 i guess he was having the time of his life . 
 that 's the thing with these senior management types . 
 they are so insulated by wealth and privilege and contacts they think nothing bad can ever happen to them . 
 sure , they may suffer temporary inconveniences -- like a robot breaking down or their luxury space-flight to a paradise world like elysian is delayed but nothing that ca n't be solved by throwing large sums of money at it . 
 carefully , we carried ncdona up another flight to one of the switch rooms . 
 once , long ago , the building 's janitor must have used it as a secluded place to rest . 
 a desk with an old-fashioned water heater and mugs stood on top of it , a chair and an old calendar depicting women from several systems in a state of undress took up one wall . 
 the room smelled damp and mouldy from disuse . 
 `` you keep watch for krillaz , '' i said to Çrámerr while clemency and i see if we can fix geroge . '' 
 `` who put you in charge ? '' 
 he asked . 
 good question but not one i was gon na waste time answering . 
 `` just do it , '' i snapped . 
 `` unless you have great medical skills ? '' 
 he had n't and , preferring the macho role of krilla shooter anyway , he stepped outside into the corridor . 
 i reckoned he saw himself as the handsome action lead of the latest holovision movie . 
 immediately , clemency and i got to work . 
 gingerly , we undid ncdona 's body armour and laid it by his side . 
 his helmet rolled off , showing a massive bruise above his right ear . 
 gently , i touched it but did n't like the way my fingers pressed deep into his skull . 
 that injury was n't the worst on his body . 
 we both winced when we saw what lay beneath his body armour . 
 Çrámerr 's ill-fired 10mm had ripped a great hole in his belly . 
 but that was n't all . 
 while we had been busy fighting for our lives earlier on the stairwell , ncdona had been slumped against the wall -- the heavy blow to the head accounted for that . 
 unnoticed by us , a krilla must have got to work . 
 it had chewed deep into his lower abdomen . 
 it was a hideous sight and he would n't recover -- not without major surgery . 
 wincing , i hoped economou would be footing that bill . 
 all we could do was stabilise him and stop the massive blood loss . 
 already , just by taking off his armour , more red fluid was leaking over the floor . 
 clemency opened ncdona 's first-aid pack and then her own . 
 making a grimace of distaste , she wrapped padded gauze bandages around the wounds . 
 in the meantime , i jabbed him with all-purpose genericillin -- krillaz are notorious disease carriers -- then another vial of super-coagulate to slow blood loss and still another of fast acting pain relief . 
 i dropped the vials onto the floor . 
 then a pack of plasma and saline for rehydration . 
 i watched clemency 's slender hands as she worked and admired how she quietly got on with the horrible task . 
 she was wasted as a corporate drone -- she should have gone into medicine like her father . 
 catching her eye , i said , `` i think we 've done all we can . 
 there 's no more we can do until he gets to hospital . '' 
 she looked up and caught by the moment , i drew her towards me and kissed her full on the lips . 
 i gazed into her glacier eyes and saw warmth deep in their icy depths . 
 she did n't pull away but draped her arm around my neck and kissed me deeply . 
 yes , even under these circs , it was as good as i imagined . 
 sure , i know she 's out of my league . 
 i will never become a top , mega-hydran earning executive of a big interstellar outfit like economou . 
 and i do n't want that . 
 i am what i am -- a recovery agent . 
 it was a spur of the moment thing . 
 two frightened people thrown together in great peril . 
 however , i enjoyed the moment and i immediately downloaded it to my long-term memory banks . 
 Çrámerr was still outside and i could n't hear anything so i reckon the krillaz were regrouping . 
 and devouring our late companions . 
 they 'd be back . 
 and i did n't like how that big albino had caught us in a pincer . 
 all the same , seize your pleasures when you can . 
 so i kissed clemency a second time . 
 eventually , reluctantly , we broke apart . 
 `` we have to get out of here . 
 first , i want to find that beacon . 
 alright with you ? '' 
 she seemed surprised to be asked . 
 `` stay with ncdona -- though i think he 'll be fine for the moment . 
 i should only be a few minutes . '' 
 i stepped onto the landing nodding to Çrámerr who was still guarding the door . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 Çrámerr asked . 
 `` not good . '' 
 running up the next flight i was soon out of his sight . 
 did n't have time to answer loads of questions . 
 right at the top was an ornamental cupola -- like a little belfry , except there were no bells . 
 i guess being the city hall , the designer wanted one little ornamental flourish to make it stand out from the rest of bas-hinna 's blocky buildings . 
 wind howled through the slats and i breathed deeply , enjoying the fresh air after the stench of blood and krilla . 
 rain pattered against the side and dripped on the floor . 
 i found what i expected in the middle of the floor . 
 a transponder sending beams of light -- and probably a radio signal -- through the slats and over the city every 3.141 seconds . 
 kneeling by the machine i saw it was fitted with a little plutonium battery which meant it should be broadcasting for decades . 
 next to it -- in a transparent waterproof bag -- was an electronic notebook . 
 flicking the on switch , i waited impatiently for it to boot up . 
 there . 
 on screen appeared icons for videos . 
 i selected the most recent and Âgustin 's long , aristocratic face appeared . 
 he looked scared but resolute . 
 a smear of blood snaked across his forehead and cheek . 
 pushing back his floppy hair , and looking around with a frightened expression , Âgustin spoke . 
 `` if you 've found this , then please help . 
 please . 
 there 's three of us -- myself , vernoff and amir illouz , our guide . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` but i do n't think illouz is going to make it ... the krillaz chewed him up really bad . 
 please come quickly . '' 
 on the video , his gaze skittered across the room . 
 `` we 're heading to the food processing plants over by the river . 
 he gave the exact planetary coordinates . '' 
 there was a bit more -- personal stuff for his parents and fiancée -- but nothing important . 
 sitting back on my haunches , i thought Âgustin had made a good choice of place to hole up in . 
 like a lot of worlds , hancox 1 is n't suitable for agriculture . 
 who wants to eat bryophytes three times a day ? 
 no-one . 
 so , using water and bacterial sludge-farms -- no it does n't sound appetising , put like that -- they can turn genetically modified bacteria into anything you want . 
 steaks , burgers , most vegetables , bread , pasta . 
 sure , it 's artificial -- and does n't have all the fine detail you 'd expect to see if you look closely at a carrot or whatever -- but it tastes as good as naturally produced . 
 and the food 's fortified with all the vitamins you need . 
 of course , gourmets and back-to-nature environmentalists turn up their noses but for most people , that 's what we eat . 
 and very good it is , too . 
 so if Âgustin could find some bacteria and get one of the plants working , they 'd be no shortage of food or water . 
 with enough ammunition , Âgustin and vernoff could hold out pretty much for ever . 
 i punched the air and whooped . 
 my million hydran reward was looking a lot closer than it had an hour or so ago . 
 only problem was how to reach it . 
 we still had loads of krillaz , all with their blood up , between us and them . 
 i peered through the slats at the street below . 
 driving rain obscured my vision but even so i could n't see any krillaz scurrying about . 
 that was a good sign so i kicked out the slats on the sheltered side and watched them fall . 
 no krillaz came out to investigate . 
 taking the notebook with me i hurried downstairs . 
 `` we 're moving out , '' i told the others , telling them what i 'd discovered . 
 `` crunch time , '' Çrámerr said . 
 he looked glad to be leaving . 
 `` we ca n't leave geroge , '' clemency protested from by his side . 
 `` if we can get him to hospital , he should be fine . '' 
 `` hell , economou will pay for his body to be rebuilt . 
 i 'll see to that personally . 
 he 'll be bigger and better than before , '' Çrámerr said , punching his fist into his palm . 
 `` of course we 're taking him with us , '' i said , explaining my plan . 
 leaving clemency to provide covering fire , Çrámerr and i scooped up ncdona and , supporting his heavy body under his armpits , we lugged him upstairs . 
 the man was a dead weight . 
 once or twice , he groaned thickly through his narcotic fog . 
 hoping against hope that the krillaz would n't choose this moment to break through and attack . 
 encumbered as we were , they 'd slaughter us . 
 we made it up to the cupola safely . 
 rummaging through my battle-vest , i found a long length of line . 
 it 's pack said it was designed to carry 400 kilos . 
 more than enough . 
 knotting the line into a harness i fitted it to ncdona 's body and then tied the other end around one of the cupola 's supports . 
 i 'd done all i could . 
 `` you go down first , '' i told Çrámerr , `` and look after ncdona . 
 keep an eye open for krillaz . '' 
 Çrámerr looked like he was going to protest that i was usurping his authority so i sweetened the pill a little for him . 
 `` you lead and we 'll follow . '' 
 just as well he did n't catch the glance clemency flashed me . 
 swinging one leg over the sill , Çrámerr lowered himself down to the street . 
 when he was half way down , it all turned noisy . 
 there was a loud crash from below followed by a massive explosion as the anti-personnel mine was activated . 
 the building shook . 
 death screams from the krillaz but we all knew the rest of the horde would be up the stairs shortly . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 i yelled to Çrámerr over the gusting wind . 
 in fairness to him , Çrámerr hurried and leaped the last few metres to the ground . 
 giving him a thumbs-up , i swiftly attached ncdona to the line . 
 his body was limp -- whether from blood-loss or analgesics i do n't know . 
 not that it mattered much -- either way he was so much dead weight . 
 `` give me a hand here , '' i called to clemency . 
 the woman rushed over and together we hoisted ncdona over the sill and started lowering him down . 
 the constantly blowing wind caught him and despite our efforts his body banged against the wall . 
 scurrying and high-pitched squeals and chattering came from the stairwell . 
 `` try and hold 'em off . '' 
 clemency nodded , crossed to the stair top and fired a few shots down . 
 hand over hand , as fast as i dared , i lowered ncdona 's body as Çrámerr watched it descend . 
 then disaster struck . 
 whether my knots were n't sufficiently secure , whether the wind and rain caught his body -- maybe even my panic from the imminent onrush of krillaz -- ncdona 's body came loose and he took the fast way down twisting once as he did so . 
 that 's my story and i 'm sticking with it . 
 horror-struck i watched as ncdona 's body smashed onto the hard konkreet . 
 he landed on his head -- and he was n't wearing his helmet . 
 no way could he survive that . 
 a couple of hours ago we were six . 
 now we were down to three . 
 behind me i heard boom-boom-boom from clemency 's bassoonka . 
 sounded like the krillaz were getting close now . 
 `` leave them , '' i shouted over . 
 `` let 's get out . 
 now . '' 
 a few last shots just to keep their heads down and then she ran over to me . 
 no time to go one at a time , so we both swung out together . 
 holding her body close to mine , we lowered ourselves down . 
 needless to say , we went as quickly as we dared . 
 glancing up i saw a row of evil rodenty faces glaring down at us from the cupola . 
 despite everything , i laughed . 
 taking one hand from the line , i gave them the finger . 
 not that they 'd understand the gesture but it made me feel better . 
 there was no way the krillaz could catch us now . 
 by the time they 'd run down all the staircases we 'd be long gone . 
 we dropped down and stood next to ncdona 's corpse . 
 `` what happened here ? '' 
 clemency asked . 
 `` your boyfriend vargo dropped the ball , '' Çrámerr said bitterly . 
 i guessed he had noticed our looks after all . 
 `` sort it out later -- before all those krillaz join the party . 
 let 's get back to the steg first . '' 
 `` shall we take him with us ? '' 
 clemency asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he 'll slow us down . 
 c'mon . 
 hurry . '' 
 Çrámerr looked like he was about to object . 
 but we 'd already lost kham and thalami to the monsters so he quashed his conscience . 
 have you noticed how easy it is for senior management to do that when their own necks are on the line ? 
 only a thought . 
 picking up ncdona 's flux-blaster , we trotted back to the steg . 
 there , we got another shock . 
 a group of krillaz were gnawing on its tyres . 
 now , a steg 's all-terrain tyres are made of puncture resistant rubber with metallic strengthening . 
 even so , the krillaz ' hyena jaws had chomped chunks out of them . 
 not good . 
 the other side of the planet from good in fact . 
 it was like they knew we were relying on our vehicle to get away . 
 one of the rat-men looked up and squealed to its clan buddies . 
 that was its very last action in life as i sent a hail of shards their way . 
 the rest ran away , some leaving trails of blood . 
 i noticed that these seemed to be juveniles . 
 we clambered into the steg and shut the door behind us . 
 taking off my helmet , i laid it on a now disused bunk and rubbed my forehead . 
 we looked at each other . 
 clemency looked openly shocked and i think even Çrámerr was putting a brave face on things . 
 i guess -- alright , i know -- my face showed the exhaustion i felt . 
 how could it all have gone so badly wrong ? 
 chapter 8 : the server room . 
 `` what shall we do now ? '' 
 clemency asked her boss . 
 she was n't showing much of that go-getting management spirit this trip was supposed to demonstrate . 
 i coughed , drawing attention to myself . 
 `` we 're still gon na rescue Âgustin 's lot -- or at least check if they 're still alive . 
 c'mon guys , we ca n't leave them at the mercy of these monsters , can we ? '' 
 i 'm not sure if Çrámerr could care less -- after all Âgustin was n't a corporate man working for economou . 
 but he caught the look in my eyes and did n't say anything . 
 clemency looked unhappy . 
 she would much rather head for home . 
 ca n't say i blamed her . 
 given the choice , so would i , but i had a million riding on finding Âgustin and i was n't passing up that amount . 
 to avoid any argument , i got behind the wheel and keyed in the coordinates provided . 
 the gps took a few seconds and provided a route . 
 i put the selector to ` drive ' and rolled out . 
 well , rolled is n't the right word . 
 ker-chunk , ker-chunk , ker-chunk came from the chewed-up tyres as the steg juddered forwards . 
 not even the steg 's suspension could cope with that . 
 behind me , my passengers clung onto anything they could find . 
 our route took us generally eastwards , away from the city centre , and downhill . 
 we skirted a collapsed brick-built building -- lightning strike , i wondered -- which was thickly coated with bryophytes . 
 rain pelted down so i put the windscreen wipers on overtime . 
 what a world ! 
 why anyone would fight for possession of this continent beats me . 
 if i lived here , i 'd be on the first space flight out . 
 preferably to a desert world where at least two suns shine all day . 
 peering through the windscreen i could n't see any trace of this star 's red glow . 
 ker-chunk , ker-chunk , ker-chunk . 
 i hoped that one of the tyres would n't strip itself . 
 it did n't . 
 after making only one wrong turn , i found the food processing plant . 
 it was protected by a rusted , tumble-down chain-link fence . 
 no defence against the steg 's might . 
 with a bigger ker-chunk than normal , we trundled over the remains and pulled up outside a loading bay . 
 `` we 're here . 
 let 's do our good deed for the day and rescue Âgustin and friends . '' 
 `` are there any krillaz out there ? '' 
 clemency called . 
 i visually scanned the immediate area and also did a heat-seeking infra-red scan as well . 
 `` not that i can see . 
 anyway , we wo n't be long . 
 either we 'll find Âgustin and his buddies -- or their bodies . 
 then we 'll head home . '' 
 we reloaded our weapons . 
 i was disturbed at how low our ammo supply had become . 
 we 'd gone through some fire-storms earlier and ammo conservation had n't been top of our priorities . 
 looking at their faces , i saw that neither was 100 % enthused about going in . 
 truth to tell , neither was i . 
 if it had n't been for the lure of a million hydrans , we 'd be high-tailing it for home now . 
 a red cross on a storage compartment marked the location of our medical supplies . 
 opening it , i took out three syringes of super-stim . 
 one of those miracles of modern medicine . 
 it stops you feeling exhausted and dead-beat . 
 makes you feel like a tiger in other words , ready to take on the world . 
 of course the effects are temporary -- after they 've worn off you sleep like a log . 
 i offered them both super-stim . 
 a few minutes later , all their doubts and fears vanished . 
 `` yee-haa -- let 's bag ourselves some krillaz , '' Çrámerr shouted , punching the air . 
 now he was back to his usual alpha-male personality . 
 i could n't wait for this trip to all be over when he 'd be snoring on a bunk at the back . 
 opening up the steg , i ran out into the deluge , up a ramp and tried the loading bay . 
 nothing hi-tech like a force-field on this world . 
 it was just the usual massive roller-shutter , now badly corroded . 
 inset was a smaller pedestrian door . 
 raising my foot , i kicked it open . 
 it crashed back into the main gate , bouncing back towards me . 
 despite the easy access , i was n't sure if that was a good sign . 
 if i could get in so easily , then so could rat-men . 
 my hi-ripper pointing in all directions i stepped into the gloomy interior with Çrámerr and clemency only a few steps behind . 
 it was a vast grey space , filled with huge vats where bacterial sludge had been prepared . 
 even now , there was a faint , sweetish odour from the sludge in the air -- reminiscent of a distillery . 
 looking up , i spotted ruined , leaking pipes and tubing hanging from the ceiling . 
 light filtered in through mossy plexi-glass panels and roof-lights . 
 pausing , i signalled for the others to wait . 
 they stopped , their weapons at the ready . 
 `` listen , '' i hissed , `` can you hear anything ? '' 
 even with our aural implants set to maximum , i heard nothing out of the ordinary . 
 only water dripping , in the far distance a shutter slamming back and forth in the wind . 
 most importantly , we could n't hear any machinery operating which was a bad sign . 
 i thought if Âgustin had got some bacteria on the go , then he could survive indefinitely . 
 it would n't have been tasty -- usually , the sludge is taken to other factories to be processed into whatever foodstuff is required -- but it was still edible . 
 however , i was n't about to give up so easily . 
 if i wanted that million , i needed Âgustin and proof of his death would still give me a half mil . 
 i gestured towards a row of offices on a mezzanine floor at the far end of the factory . 
 if i was going to hole up here , that is where i 'd head . 
 pointing , i whispered , `` look out for booby-traps . '' 
 they nodded understanding . 
 in single-file , we crossed the factory floor , passing an overturned fork-lift . 
 our boots crunched over grit and debris as we did so . 
 despite having our enhanced senses set to max , we did n't detect any krillaz but all of us felt a sense of threat , of impending doom . 
 yes , even with super-stim coursing through our veins . 
 it could have been the after-effects from the slaughter in the city hall playing on our minds , but i 'm not sure . 
 more than once , we wheeled around , as if sensing evil ratty eyes glaring at us . 
 reaching a metal staircase leading to a gantry walkway , we climbed up one at a time and then followed the wall around to the offices . 
 on the other side , i heard the never-ending gale buffeting rain water against the wall . 
 what a world . 
 despite our fears , we reached the offices . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i commanded . 
 old bloodstains coated the walls as well as a handful of krilla bones . 
 shards of metal lay sprinkled about . 
 i stooped and touched the blood . 
 even with the damp atmosphere , the blood was dry . 
 so the krillaz had n't attacked here any time recently . 
 inching forwards , i conducted a fingertip search the width of the gantry . 
 after a few minutes , i found a filament-thin trip-wire stretching across . 
 carefully stepping over it i carried on with my search and found a second line a few metres further on . 
 whoever had set these booby-traps knew what they were doing . 
 by now , i was at the office area so , pointing out the filaments to Çrámerr and clemency , we rejoined safely . 
 i did n't hold out much hope , but i still called out , '' Âgustin ? 
 Âgustin ? 
 are you here ? '' 
 all the same , i figured that we were wasting our time here . 
 sure , this was Âgustin 's last known location , but there was nothing to say he 'd stayed here , especially if he had n't been able to get the sludge machines working again . 
 all the same , he should have left further coordinates . 
 pushing open doors , we came across a workers ' canteen with all the tables and chairs overturned , a billings office , a big laboratory for quality testing . 
 with every door opened , i felt more and more despondent as i saw my chance of earning a million becoming more remote . 
 we were more than half way along the corridor . 
 the next door , far more solid than the rest , still bore the sign ` server room ' . 
 that seemed more hopeful than the other rooms . 
 holding valuable computers , server rooms are always secure -- armoured against sabotage , some even have their own environmental controls as well as the more usual cooling systems . 
 if your back 's to the wall , it 's a good place to make your last stand . 
 i tried the handle . 
 it was locked . 
 `` shall i ? '' 
 Çrámerr offered , aiming his weapon at the lock . 
 `` one moment , '' i said . 
 no way did i want him spraying 10mm slugs all over the place . 
 i raised my hand and rapped on the door . 
 it felt solid to me -- not giving so much as a millimetre . 
 i knocked again , not really expecting anything . 
 turning away , i was about to suggest we check the last few rooms first when my aural implant picked up a sound from the server room . 
 a slow , dragging shuffle . 
 our nerves were keyed to the highest pitch . 
 our fingers tightened on the triggers . 
 what was on the other side ? 
 all of us expected some evil , old rat-men ready to spring at our throats . 
 a weak , quavering voice belonging to an old man answered . 
 `` is anyone there -- please , is anyone there ? '' 
 horrified , we were struck dumb . 
 `` answer ... please , someone answer . 
 or am i hearing things ? '' 
 the voice tailed off . 
 through the thick door , we were barely able to hear it . '' 
 licking my bone-dry lips i answered the voice . '' 
 Âgustin ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , yes , thank you , '' the weak voice sobbed . 
 `` can you let us in ? 
 or shall we break down the door ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i saw Çrámerr aiming his 10mm at the door and shook my head . 
 there was a click as Âgustin unlatched the secure room and pulled it open . 
 we were all shocked by what we saw . 
 in front of us was a skeleton of a man . 
 Âgustin was at the last extremity of starvation . 
 his face a skull -- all angles and hollowed out cheeks . 
 two fever-bright eyes burned beneath a domed forehead covered only by a few limp strands of white-grey hair . 
 his lipless mouth was upturned in a grin -- not because he was glad to see us -- but because starvation causes that look . 
 he was n't wearing armour -- he could n't have carried the weight -- and his ribs stuck out painfully beneath his shirt . 
 his fingers gripping the edge of the door were no more than twigs and i thought one sharp tap would break them . 
 `` you 've come -- you 've come at last . 
 by sol invicta , you 've come . '' 
 with that , Âgustin burst into tears . 
 looking beyond him i saw the comms room was filled floor to ceiling with racks of computer terminals , all long dead and no blinking lights . 
 when this factory was in operation , these computers would have controlled the vats , making sure that the bacterial sludge was exactly the right consistency and temperature . 
 others would have been in charge of ordering in supplies , issuing invoices , shift rotas etc. . 
 now they were all dead as a rock orbiting the furthest reaches of a solar system . 
 supporting his arm , i stepped into the room and was immediately struck by a foul stench . 
 even setting my nasal filters to minimum did n't help . 
 it still stunk . 
 trapped inside , one corner had been used as a toilet , but that did n't explain it all . 
 dragged behind a bank of terminals was a body . 
 like Âgustin 's it was more of a skeleton than a man and his arms had been crossed over his chest . 
 water dripping from a broken ceiling pipe puddled near the corpse . 
 `` vernoff ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 Âgustin nodded . 
 i looked away , not wanting to linger over teeth marks on the body 's arms and legs . 
 i shuddered at the hunger-pains that had driven Âgustin to do such a thing . 
 `` only be a few minutes , '' i called out to Çrámerr and clemency outside . 
 `` do n't be long -- i do n't like it here , '' clemency replied . 
 that did n't come as the biggest surprise in the galaxy as i was n't laughing fit to burst myself . 
 there was n't much i could do for Âgustin . 
 his body was too frail for super-stim or anything aggressive like that so i gave him two rehydration tablets and concentrated nutrients washed down with water from my canteen . 
 that should help . 
 he nodded his thanks . 
 nothing i could do for the unfortunate vernoff so i left him . 
 krillaz would make short work of his bones -- and any evidence against Âgustin . 
 still supporting my client , i helped him out onto the walkway . 
 he looked at the others broadcast information and i thought he was going to break down again . 
 `` thanks for coming , '' he sobbed as i led him away along the walkway . 
 we reached the staircase , Çrámerr taking point this time . 
 even with everything that had happened , even seeing Âgustin 's condition , the man was loving it . 
 the man should have joined the space-marines instead of a corporation like economou -- he 'd have made full commander in no time . 
 chapter 9 : losing and gaining . 
 but that love for life came to an end a few seconds later . 
 i had n't taken notice before but there was a gap between the office ceilings and the higher roof of the main factory . 
 without warning , not even the scraping of talons on metal , a shape sprung from this dark gap landing on Çrámerr 's back . 
 together they rolled down the stairwell , hi-man and krilla locked in deadly embrace . 
 reflexively , Çrámerr 's finger squeezed the carbine 's trigger and shells sprayed out all over the factory floor , punching great holes into the vats . 
 the krilla raised one forearm . 
 with shock and disbelief i saw it clutched a long shard of glass in its ratty hand . 
 even in the dim light within the factory its weapon glittered wickedly . 
 with all its strength it plunged the glass in the narrow gap between Çrámerr 's body armour and helmet . 
 blood spurted out from his carotid artery , fountaining out , spraying the floor and nearer vats with his life-blood . 
 Çrámerr was a goner -- there was nothing anybody could do for him now . 
 he rolled over , found his feet and slammed his attacker into a supporting pillar . 
 nothing was dislodging that rat-man 's grip . 
 with the last of his strength , Çrámerr turned around his carbine until the barrel pointed back at the krilla . 
 he fired for the final time . 
 the krilla flew backwards , its side torn out in a bloody welter of blood and guts by 10mm shells . 
 the monster lay twitching , its legs cartwheeling as it died . 
 clasping his gauntlet to his neck in a vain attempt to stem his blood-loss , Çrámerr rolled over and looked up at us . 
 even then , he smiled . 
 i suppose knowing your clone is your passport against death does that for you . 
 still supporting Âgustin , we hurried as quickly as we dared down the stairwell . 
 where were the rest ? 
 it is almost unheard for a krilla to attack alone . 
 let alone attack with a tool . 
 they are pack animals after all . 
 showing supreme effort , Çrámerr propped himself up on one elbow . 
 scarlet blood poured over his armour and pooled around him , mixing with the rat-man 's . 
 we stood around him , Âgustin still leaning against me . 
 Çrámerr croaked something but i could n't understand him . 
 he spoke again . 
 giving up , and with the last force of his incredibly strong personality , he touched the base of his skull . 
 then i understood . 
 he wanted us to remove his back-up memory chip . 
 everything up to his last save point would be on that chip and could be downloaded later into his clone . 
 it 's true what they say . 
 if you 're rich enough , death has been bought off . 
 he looked up one last time and then fell forward into his own blood . 
 kneeling , i felt for his pulse waiting for it to still . 
 `` oh -- hurry , '' clemency shouted , fear in her voice . 
 here they came , another horde of krillaz swarming towards us , their backs undulating like waves , their cries echoing in the vast floor space . 
 she fired several shots , the bassoonka 's shells bursting in their midst . 
 the explosions did little to slow them . 
 without waiting for Çrámerr 's death , i ripped the chip out from its slot and dropped it into an empty pocket . 
 any problems could be sorted out later by the techs at the cloning labs . 
 they 'd clean up the chip 's data , not wanting to saddle the new clone with a load of bad memories at the start of its life . 
 i flipped a sketchy salute . 
 for all his faults , luis Çrámerr died bravely . 
 `` run , '' i shouted . 
 fortunately our way to the loading bay was clear . 
 if we made it to the steg , we 'd be safe . 
 trouble was , i was encumbered by Âgustin and krillaz are fast . 
 especially when they scent prey . 
 on the other hand , we were running for our lives . 
 we ran for all we were worth , me dragging Âgustin with me . 
 i forced air into my lungs , trying to oxygenate my blood . 
 the krillaz chased after us , their cries bouncing off the walls . 
 we almost made it . 
 almost but not quite . 
 the loading bay door was just out of reach when they caught us . 
 one krilla , bolder or faster than the rest leaped at my back . 
 catching sight of it out of the corner of my eye , i sidestepped and it slammed into the side of a vat . 
 a burst from my hi-ripper stopped it getting up again . 
 `` no , please do n't , '' Âgustin moaned . 
 `` you 're safe with us , '' i told him . 
 hoped i would make good on that promise . 
 after all i had a cool million riding on him and i 'd protect him to the best of my ability . 
 how good that would be remained to be seen . 
 i fetched up against the side of a vat . 
 it felt cool and clammy with mosses and lichens clinging to its side . 
 leaning Âgustin against the vat , i freed my arm , crouched and fired several short , hard bursts into the waves of krillaz , bowling them over in tattered remains , tearing gaps through their ranks . 
 seeing what i was doing , clemency turned and fired shells in a curving arc , blowing holes in the crowd . 
 then she stopped . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i called over the rat-men 's high-pitched cries . 
 she joggled the safety . 
 `` out of ammo , '' she said . 
 her eyes were wide and her face was pale . 
 this was bad news . 
 my ammo display also showed my supply was running low . 
 i sent another hail of shards into a piebald krilla sneaking up . 
 the rest paused and there -- at the back as usual , i saw captain albino leading on his troops . 
 he must have followed us all the way from city hall . 
 no way did he want to miss out on the action -- or the feast . 
 from my battle-vest i unclipped a couple of smoke grenades . 
 everyone knows animals hate and fear fire and hopefully smoke would work on their primitive instincts . 
 also , the thick smoke might buy us enough time to get away . 
 pressing their timers , i lobbed the grenades towards the first rank of krillaz . 
 one rolled towards another tank 's housing but bounced off . 
 the monsters recoiled , running backwards , their tails swishing from side to side . 
 by now , they 'd seen enough of the death and destruction our hi-man weapons caused . 
 a second later , with a dull whoompf , the two smoke bombs detonated . 
 yes , it 's old technology but sometimes simple is best . 
 thick , choking black smoke billowed out , veiling and then obscuring the krillaz from our view . 
 which also meant they could n't see us . 
 the breeze from the open loading bay door guided the worst of the smoke away from us . 
 the cries coming from the krillaz now sounded terrified and desperate . 
 i heard their talons scraping the konkreet as they fled . 
 i laughed with relief . 
 of course ! 
 with their ratty ancestry , krillaz are very prone to breathing difficulties . 
 naturally , they 'd hate and fear smoke even more than most animals . 
 hoisting Âgustin upright , with my shoulder under his arms , i called over to clemency , `` c'mon . 
 now . 
 only a few metres and we 're out of here . '' 
 she needed no further encouragement , running for the exit as clouds of smoke boiled behind us . 
 with Âgustin 's dead weight slowing me , i was a little behind her but not by much . 
 three rows of vats to go ... two ... one and the loading bay door stood wide open with our steg and freedom beyond . 
 three krillaz raced out from behind the last vat . 
 one of them was their leader , captain albino himself , still wearing his scraps of armour . 
 i guess he wanted to get his share of flesh . 
 a juvenile -- its patchy fur mostly white -- running low caught clemency around her knees , bowling her over . 
 she clubbed it with her now useless bassoonka but it gripped tight . 
 its friends then went for her arms . 
 `` vic ! 
 help me ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 raising my metallist hi-ripper i pulled the trigger . 
 a few shards embedded themselves in the young krilla . 
 it screamed with pain but the ammo warning light was now solid red . 
 totally , 100 % empty . 
 Âgustin and i were only a couple of metres from the exit now . 
 another scrum of krillaz emerged from behind another vat , their greedy arms outstretched , their eyes focussed on the struggling woman . 
 `` vic , -- aidez-moi ... , '' she screamed again . 
 i noticed her panic made her lapse into her native language . 
 my heartstrings were torn . 
 a woman , well i did n't love her but i wondered if such feelings could have developed over time . 
 i 'd seen the way she looked at me and sometimes i glanced at her and liked what i saw . 
 Âgustin pulled in my grasp . 
 `` get me out of here , '' he panted . 
 he was too weak to walk and could n't make it to the steg under his own steam . 
 through the smokescreen behind me i heard the krilla horde stirring . 
 it would n't hold them long -- and it was thinning already . 
 forcing me to make up my mind , a few krillaz emerged through the smokescreen and ran to join those around clemency . 
 she screamed a wordless cry of pain and fear mixed together . 
 the sound cut through me and my vision blurred . 
 Âgustin stirred again . 
 i had to decide now . 
 on one hand it meant trying to rescue a woman i cared for but with no guarantee of success . 
 and even if i saved her , there was no assurance that we would want to be together afterwards . 
 we could have one of those short-burning things and after she had returned to her usual routine , she 'd take up with some high-income , tennis playing , go-getting executive type at her local country club . 
 on the other hand , there was Âgustin and the cool million hydrans riding on his safe return . 
 one million hydrans . 
 even with inflation , that 's still a huge amount and with it i could buy a woman or two if my tastes ran to it . 
 there are worlds you can do that sort of thing . 
 so i made my decision and now i would have to live with it . 
 turning my head away from the squirming mass of krillaz as they chewed through poor clemency 's armour , i dragged Âgustin towards the exit . 
 out in the goods yard , our steg promised safety . 
 tears leaked from Âgustin 's eyes as he stepped out into the drizzle and looked up at the clouds . 
 no , i did n't despise the man at all . 
 do n't forget he 'd starved for weeks in that server room and could never have expected to see the outside again . 
 we walked down the ramp , the steg looming larger with every step . 
 a rattle of claws behind me showed we were n't out of danger yet . 
 seeing he 'd been spotted , the krilla leaped , its tail flailing the air . 
 its outstretched arms ready to grab , its massive jaws ready to bite . 
 dropping Âgustin , i whipped out my diamond blade , gripped it two-handed and impaled the krilla as it landed . 
 the monster shrieked . 
 lowering it to the ground , i kicked it off my blade with my boot . 
 it twitched as the diamond scraped along its ribs but it made to stand and carry on attacking . 
 i did n't give it a chance . 
 stamping my boot onto its foot , i felt bones break beneath me . 
 `` this is for clemency , '' i told it slashing my blade across its throat . 
 the thing gurgled and choked , falling forwards into its own life-blood . 
 i kicked its dying body hard . 
 `` vargo , '' Âgustin said , recalling me to the here and now . 
 more krillaz were spilling out of the loading bay . 
 seeing us , they bounded forwards . 
 scooping up the emaciated young man , i ran like the wind . 
 we made it with a metre to spare . 
 perhaps less but i was n't measuring . 
 reaching the steg 's security , i wrenched down the handle and the heavy door swung open . 
 adjusting my hold , glad that he was so light , i bodily threw Âgustin inside . 
 he cried out as his fleshless body slammed onto the steg 's metal floor . 
 i was inside one second later , slamming the door shut behind us and locking it tight . 
 making my way up to the front , past the sad relics of my one-time companions , i got behind the wheel and fired it up . 
 through my view-screen i watched krillaz banging on the sides and trying to climb up . 
 one leaped up at the view-screen so i electrified the exterior and they all fell away squeaking with shock . 
 carefully , not wanting to further damage the tyres , i turned around and headed out of the goods yard . 
 behind me , i saw more and more krillaz boiling out of the plant . 
 some , more hopeful than their friends ran after the steg but as soon as i was out of the gateway i put on speed and left them behind . 
 the chewed tyres made their usual ker-chunk , ker-chunk , ker-chunk as they ground over the poor road surface but i did n't mind . 
 it has to be said , my spirits lifted as we left bas-hinna 's city limits and entered the countryside . 
 we were safe now . 
 as the tyres went ker-chunk , my mind heard instead the sound ker-ching , ker-ching , like an old-fashioned cash register as i thought about the million hydrans coming my way . 
 i already knew how i was gon na spend some of my money . 
 i was coming back to hancox 1 but this time i 'd be better prepared . 
 a few hard men i knew i could rely on -- even if one was more a cyborg now -- plenty of ammunition , grenades , flamethrowers . 
 the works . 
 then me and captain albino were gon na have us a party . 
 i owed that rat-man payback for clemency . 
 oh yeah ... the end . 
 sideways through time . 
 feast of santo monica la baixar , 7336 anno lucis . 
 the shuttle floated down light as gossamer as its final anti-gravity units kicked in . 
 only traces of dust blew away in its downdraught . 
 a moment after it settled , its ramp opened revealing the brightly lit interior . 
 three figures walked down the slope before standing on the gravelled terrain . 
 they waited for the ramp to close before moving off . 
 towering over the lead two figures stood the metal figure of a robot . 
 its kyanite eyes glowed an even brighter blue than the o category blue-giant sun that dominated this cloudless alien sky while its burnished nu-steel skin reflected the sun 's blue glare . 
 the robot was slender -- shaped like an old-fashioned pencil -- with several multi-use appendages while an antenna spiking from its head assembly emphasised both the automaton 's height and thinness . 
 the two hi-mans in front were more conventional in appearance . 
 the team 's leader , quarto-capitao teofila marilia , wore an enhanced stasis-field-suit although she did n't really need that level of protection . 
 their mother-ship , the reliquias da santo duarte ix 's , sensors had not picked up any dangerous micro-organisms or chemical signatures . 
 all the same , the young woman did not want to take any chances , not now she was on course for promotion to demi-capitao . 
 teofila marilia had set the suit 's surface to maximum reflection and her suit rippled as she took in her surroundings . 
 in this blueish terrain , her body reminded the second hi-man of the waves of her far distant water-world . 
 for a moment , the other woman dreamed of batavia vii . 
 that was a paradise world of endless reefs and islets sprinkled like sparkling glucose crystals over the oceans . 
 when her next long r 'n' r came around , she was going back to hunt fast moving spike-harpon the old-fashioned way . 
 still thinking of spike-harpon , the second hi-man team member looked over at her nominal leader . 
 the quarto-capitao could give all necessary orders ; however francoa da xiora knew the young team leader had only limited experience in exploring newly rediscovered worlds . 
 she also knew that the quarto-capitao would couch any orders as requests , except in emergencies ; as she , da xiora , was the representative of the archprelate back on diamantina , the nearest major world . 
 especially as the quarto-capitao would n't want to do anything that could get her cited for heresy later . 
 da xiora herself wore only a standard lightweight environmental suit . 
 if that was n't good enough then her spirit would fly back through the galaxy to merge with sol invicta , the all-conquering sun -- not this blue giant but the yellow orb of earth 's own sun -- that star she had never seen but revered above all the other hundred billion stars in the galaxy . 
 around da xiora 's neck was a dura-gold disc ; her symbol of authority which had been blessed by the archprelate of diamantina herself . 
 it showed the sacred twenty rays . 
 the hi-man 's lenses adjusted to the blue glare . 
 `` unusual for a blue giant to have evolved a world with a nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere , '' da xiora commented . 
 `` these stars usually burn out before they reach that stage . '' 
 she breathed in deeply , savouring the breeze . 
 her enhanced nasal filters detected a sweetish smell that seemed out of place in the stony landscape . 
 mentally , she adjusted her lenses and the distant mountains zoomed into view . 
 a millisecond later , they focussed in crystal clear clarity without any distortion . 
 those bodily enhancements were well worth the cost . 
 now da xiora saw upland meadows with soft blue-grey grass and feathery shrubs but she spotted no animals . 
 satisfied , da xiora zoomed out until her view returned to normal . 
 looking around , the shuttle behind them was the only artificial creation in the landscape . 
 it poised , dart-like , a thing of beauty and grace , its nose angled towards the cerulean sky . 
 the small team paused in a shallow valley surrounded by low hills and bluffs . 
 everything had a bluish tinge as the giant star cast its burning rays onto this world . 
 `` which way now ? '' 
 da xiora asked her leader . 
 quarto-capitao teofila marilia pointed up the valley . 
 `` the reliquias 's sensors located the anomaly seven point five kilometres further up this valley . '' 
 that was what they had landed to investigate . 
 on its sweep through this sector of the galaxy , just where the orion arm merged with the inner sagittarius spiral arm , the reliquias da santo duarte ix had picked up one small area of incredible off-the-scale power on an otherwise empty planet orbiting this blue-giant star . 
 both the planet and energy source were sufficiently unusual to be worth checking out . 
 da xiora nodded and stroked her chin through her forcefield causing the magnetic field to buzz against her skin . 
 `` we 're walking straight there ? '' 
 as she spoke , the reliquias 's orbit brought the star ship over the edge of the horizon . 
 both hi-mans looked up , reassured by the sight . 
 against the bright blue , the reliquias looked like a hard-edged cloud laced with white . 
 although in reality vast , at this distance the star ship looked small and fragile . 
 once again , enhancing her lenses to their maximum setting , da xiora looked up as the reliquias crossed the blue heavens . 
 she could make out the huge cylindrical hydro-fuel tanks on either side of the hull , the hydroponics and even the bridge 's bulge in the centre . 
 beneath , a multi-faceted tube housed the ottumwa-4 torpedoes . 
 they were the most destructive weapons carried by the ship , far worse than the plazma-cannons . 
 `` we do not have all day , '' teofila marilia said , a touch of asperity in her voice . 
 a melodious tone spoke up from behind them . 
 the voice was neither male nor female nor any shade in between . 
 yet it was beautiful , clear and reassuring . 
 `` the days on this world are 58.766 recurring earth hours . 
 we have plenty of time to reach this anomaly , investigate and return to the shuttle within one local day . '' 
 `` unless something goes wrong , '' teofila marilia said to nobody in particular . 
 da xiora said nothing . 
 sol invicta would protect them all unless the great sun withdrew its protection . 
 `` do you have any idea what this anomaly could be ? '' 
 the quarto-capitao asked . 
 the robot 's eyes flashed again momentarily . 
 `` my data banks have communed with ship 's data banks . 
 the ship has never come across anything like this before . '' 
 da xiora was n't surprised that they had been sent . 
 experienced yet expendable . 
 however , she was very glad she had backed up her mental memory banks and that her clone subscription was paid up to date so death would be a temporary inconvenience . 
 she was n't going to merge with sol invicta 's eternal fiery embrace just yet . 
 leading off , quarto-capitao teofila marilia walked along the valley . 
 behind them the robot 's heavy tread crunched over the stony ground . 
 it was standard practice to land several kilometres away from anything that needed investigating and then walk there . 
 it gave the party time to evaluate the issue while giving them the element of surprise . 
 all the same , da xiora felt vulnerable walking on foot . 
 once again , she was grateful that her cloning and memory chips were paid up to date . 
 the trio walked along the valley . 
 in more sheltered areas , they passed stands of soft looking grasses or rushes of a delicate aquamarine colour , their tufts paler , almost white . 
 the delicate fragrance seemed to come from these plants . 
 `` what do you make of them , # 89044-b ? '' 
 teofilia marilia said to the robot . 
 # 89044-b 's eyes flashed , casting a blue kyanite glow over the already blued plants . 
 `` carbon based , of course , with an interesting selenium sub-signature . 
 reproduces by seeds and adapted for an arid climate . 
 however , they show a strong correlation with similar grasses originating from the iestoratio system , which ... '' '' ... is over seven hundred parsecs away . 
 so how did it get here ? '' 
 da xiora broke in . 
 the robot showed no signs of annoyance at being interrupted . 
 `` could be a case of parallel evolution ? '' 
 da xiora speculated . 
 `` i 've seen that before . '' 
 `` i doubt that . 
 although a brief scan , the dna shows too many correlations , '' # 89044-b said . 
 the trio walked in silence for a while as they approached a low ridge in the blue-grey hills . 
 looking up , da xiora saw the distant white-edged hull of the reliquias slide over the sky and dip out of sight behind the further hills . 
 teofila marilia spoke up , her voice quiet in this soft , blue world . 
 `` there was something unusual about the iestoratio system , was n't there ? 
 i 've never been there but i recall ... '' da xiora realised that the quarto-capitao had not enhanced her memory banks . 
 or had temporarily cleansed them . 
 either that or her personal links with the reliquias 's computers were temporarily off-line . 
 she was n't about to comment as the quarto-capitao was their leader . 
 that did n't stop # 89044-b . 
 his eyes flashed bright blue . 
 `` the iestoratio system is best known for its vanished civilisation . 
 there are ruined towers and skyscrapers that show the population reached a high degree of technological sophistication before simply vanishing . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 do you know ? '' 
 teofila marilia asked . 
 da xiora could have told her this but she too wanted to hear what the robot would say . 
 `` nobody knows . 
 judging from the building density , it was a heavily populated planet and the civilised life-form was undoubtedly hi-manoid . 
 it is not known if they developed stellar transport as the natives did not seem to have developed an overly mechanistic or industrial base . 
 however , what remains of their artwork was extremely beautiful . '' 
 `` how would you know ? '' 
 said da xiora . 
 `` you machine-men can not appreciate beauty . '' 
 # 89044-b 's eyes sparkled . 
 `` that is right . 
 we can not appreciate art nor feel emotions . 
 we only go by the information in our data-banks . '' 
 `` carry on , please , '' quarto-capitao teofila marilia said . 
 da xiora fell silent . 
 `` there is n't much more to tell as so little is known . 
 all that is known for certain is that the population simply vanished . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 asked teofila marilia . 
 da xiora wondered how this young woman was chosen to lead this little expedition . 
 probably because she had to start somewhere . 
 even the great sept-capitaos , many times above her rank and responsible for fleets of starships had to start as novices . 
 `` insufficient data ... , '' said # 89044-b in a staccato , mock-robotic voice before resuming in its usual melodic tones , '' ... seriously , nobody knows although there are a number of theories . 
 it certainly was n't a thermonuclear war as the planet shows only the usual level of background radiation . 
 it was n't a pandemic as no micro-organisms have been detected ... '' `` slavers ? '' 
 teofila marilia hazarded . 
 `` it 's hard to see how a population of billions could all be taken . 
 it would have taken years so there would have been people hiding in remote places , '' # 89044-b pointed out . 
 `` after the slavers left , they would have repopulated at least part of their world . '' 
 `` maybe they got bored and all left one day , '' da xiora grinned . 
 despite being more intelligent than any hi-man , # 89044-b had little sense of humour . 
 at least , little had been detected . 
 `` the most likely hypothesis is a solar flare . 
 however , a lack of scorching on the buildings makes that unlikely , especially as there is no loss of atmosphere . 
 it is a mystery . '' 
 `` is there any research going on ? '' 
 asked da xiora . 
 `` some , '' admitted the robot , `` but that system is off the main trade routes and is n't of the highest priority . '' 
 `` no high tech alien artefacts in other words , '' da xiora said . 
 # 89044-b 's eyes glowed a brilliant kyanite . 
 `` that is correct . 
 no wormhole technology . '' 
 sometimes , da xiora wondered about the machine-man 's alleged lack of humour . 
 the trio rounded a low spur of the hills . 
 the vale opened up into a wide plain , the blue-green grass shading away to blue-grey towards the horizon . 
 far above , the blue-giant sun burned hotly . 
 out of the shadow of the hills , the temperature soared so da xiora adjusted the thermostat on her environmental suit . 
 at the far end of the vale stood the anomaly . 
 even with their enhanced eyes , neither hi-man could make out anything beyond a brilliant white glare . 
 `` can you tell what it is ? '' 
 teofila marilia asked # 89044-b . 
 unusually , there was a long pause as # 89044-b processed the information . 
 eventually the robot spoke . 
 its voice was not as melodious as before . 
 `` i can make out ascending motion but that is all . '' 
 `` useless piece of scrap metal , '' da xiora muttered under her breath . 
 `` come on and let 's check it out , '' the quarto-capitao said . 
 `` that 's what we 've come for , '' da xiora muttered again . 
 in line abreast , keeping some distance between them , the trio advanced on the abnormality . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 teofila marilia said . 
 da xiora detected worry in her voice . 
 `` my sensors do not detect any unusual radiation patterns or anything dangerous . 
 however , i can not observe anything further at this point . '' 
 `` let me know when you can . '' 
 `` affirmative , quarto-capitao . '' 
 once again , da xiora wondered whether the machine-man felt more emotion than it admitted . 
 it would n't be the first robot to have feelings but most robots felt it beneath their dignity to admit to it . 
 spreading out in a skirmish line as they were trained and keeping all their senses on highest alert the trio advanced . 
 none had drawn weapons and none felt any threat or danger , just a sense of strangeness , that this singularity was something outside of their experience . 
 even # 89044-b kept silence . 
 they trod over the short blue-green lawn beneath the cyan sky towards the white glare . 
 glancing down , da xiora saw that despite the brilliance the team cast no shadows . 
 however , it was only when they were within ten metres that the team saw the anomaly more clearly . 
 she stopped . 
 a millisecond later , so did the others . 
 through the glare da xiora made out a flight of stairs fifty metres wide . 
 they lead upwards for maybe one hundred metres , disappearing into the whitest , hottest part of the brightness . 
 the stairs were filled with hi-manoid people facing upwards all of them seemingly static except the harshness of the glare made the figures shimmer as with motion . 
 or were they all moving , but so rapidly that the eye mistook their motion for stillness ? 
 even with her enhanced eyes , da xiora could n't tell . 
 she had never come across anything like it . 
 never , not in all the systems she had visited . 
 the people were as strange as the staircase . 
 they were all tall , taller than da xiora although nowhere near # 89044-b 's height . 
 the people wore long , floor length robes of many hues , although mostly shades of turquoises or blue-greens . 
 the robes hid their arms and legs giving them a slender conical look . 
 they were completely hairless and their skins were a delicate turquoise-grey . 
 `` what are they doing ? 
 why are they just standing there ? '' 
 teofila marilia asked . 
 da xiora was at a loss . 
 she had no idea . 
 she glanced over at # 89044-b but the robot stood still , its eyes glowing far brighter than she 'd ever seen them before as even its incredible computing power was stretched to the limit . 
 there was an aura of incredible power in the air , a feeling similar to static electricity , every ion particle charged with electricity as if waiting for one spark to discharge the entire amount in a massive outrush of energy . 
 it felt like an lightning storm was about to erupt . 
 yet the sky was a clear blue , the blue sun the only object in sight . 
 da xiora felt strange as the unseen powers penetrated her lightweight environmental suit . 
 subtly , she adjusted the suit 's setting to maximum resistance but it had no effect . 
 her leader , the quarto-capitao , seemed overawed while the robot seemed lost in its own circuits . 
 glad that her memory was all backed up , da xiora took a few paces forward . 
 the air felt thicker , glutinous , filled with electricity and other unknown energies . 
 sounds far beyond her hearing filled da xiora 's ears with unnameable and unknowable melodies . 
 one final step took da xiora to the foot of the stairs . 
 up close , the people seemed solid yet translucent , real yet unreal , here in the moment yet not here but far away . 
 she shook her head , trying to clear it of these eerie , unwanted images . 
 it felt like her eyes and ears and mind could take no more , that she was operating on the extremes of her senses and any further input would cause her to implode , collapsing in on herself . 
 yet da xiora forced herself onwards through the heavy air . 
 she placed one foot onto the lowest step . 
 a thrill of power bypassed her suit 's resistance , surging through her body and she felt herself impelled onwards and upwards . 
 with difficulty , she resisted that overwhelming impulse and stood on the lowest step . 
 hesitantly , she placed one hand on the nearest figure . 
 the person -- and for some reason da xiora thought it was male -- turned and looked at her . 
 it was slightly taller than most of the others . 
 it opened its cerulean teardrop eyes a fraction wider . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 why are you on these stairs ? '' 
 da xiora said . 
 the figure spoke . 
 not with its mouth which was a mere slit in its oval face but with its mind . 
 true telepathy . 
 extremely rare but not unheard of , but da xiora had never come across that psionic power with such clarity before . 
 `` we are advancing , '' the person said . 
 its mental voice was calm and tranquil , penetrating through the heavy air and cutting through her confusion . 
 `` advancing ? 
 why , what 's up at the top ? '' 
 `` the start , the end , and everything in between . '' 
 questions flooded da xiora 's brain . 
 more than she could think of or ask at once . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she said simply . 
 the person looked at da xiora . 
 it seemed to her that the other took in everything all at once understanding her in all her entirety , that she was laid out to the alien 's scrutiny . 
 `` we live sideways in time . 
 you , and nearly everyone else lives lineally . 
 you are born , grow and live your lives ageing all the time until eventually your bodies die . 
 however , we live sideways . 
 we are born , live and die all in the same instant . 
 yet we live almost eternally , enjoying rich and complex lives , experiencing emotions you can not begin to understand . '' 
 `` sideways ? '' 
 `` we came into being shortly after the start of this universe . 
 as we are so different from other life forms , some of us believe that our people originally came from a different , earlier universe . 
 however , that has not been proved . '' 
 `` but you are talking to me now . 
 we are holding a conversation -- that takes time , '' da xiora said . 
 the alien nodded its head . 
 `` that is true . 
 but while we are communicating , i am experiencing the agony of my birth , all the joys of my life and every moment up to my death all at the same time . '' 
 the alien turned away and focussed its gaze upwards to the white-hot glow masking the top of the stairs . 
 instantly , like the others , the figure seemed to waver in the light and the telepathic link broke leaving da xiora alone . 
 something was n't right here . 
 da xiora realised she had one question to which she needed the answer . 
 gently , she stretched out her arm and touched the strange figure . 
 the telepathic link snapped back , and the figure turned its deep cerulean eyes back onto da xiora . 
 `` i need to know . 
 earlier , you said you could foresee your own death . 
 how do you die ? 
 and why do n't you do something to stop it ? '' 
 the creature turned its gaze upwards over the heads of the other aliens towards the brilliance at the top of the stairs . 
 da xiora squinted but could make nothing out . 
 `` we all die in the light . 
 in one burst of brilliant bright light , '' it said . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` when it happens . 
 that is when we all enter another realm far beyond this . 
 however , we live so much before then . '' 
 the creature 's thin lips curled upwards in an approximation of a smile as it relived its memories or experienced its life still to come . 
 this was too strange for da xiora . 
 `` do you join sol invicta -- i mean do you believe in an afterlife ? '' 
 the alien looked at her . 
 through the telepathic mind link da xiora felt sorrow as well as a rush of emotions she could not comprehend . 
 `` no -- but we go some place ; or some when else . '' 
 the alien closed his eyes and once again the connection broke . 
 despite touching the alien a second time , nothing happened . 
 evidently , the creature was wrapped in its own life , her intrusion no more than a pin-prick in its existence . 
 slowly , da xiora stepped off the staircase and rejoined her companions . 
 `` let 's go back , '' she said . 
 teofila marilia looked at her . 
 `` that was quick . 
 you were up there for less than a second . 
 and you looked so strange up there . '' 
 the two hi-mans turned from the strange staircase and walked away across the blue-green lawn . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 teofila marilia called back at # 89044-b who had n't moved . 
 there was no reply . 
 `` or are you still data gathering ? 
 you should have everything you need by now . '' 
 `` useless tin can , '' da xiora muttered . 
 there was still no response from # 89044-b . 
 the robot stood facing away from the hi-mans , seemingly fixated on the stairs . 
 muttering to herself , da xiora turned back . 
 she clapped the robot on its back as if it was a fellow hi-man . 
 nothing happened . 
 usually , the robot would face her , its eyes flashing blue . 
 da xiora stepped around to its front . 
 the robot did n't move so much as the tiniest fraction of a millimetre . 
 however its eyes were flashing faster than da xiora had ever seen as its artificial brain processed more information than even that marvel of engineering was designed for . 
 `` come on -- we 've got enough , '' da xiora told it . 
 but she might was well have saved her breath . 
 the robot stood like a rock . 
 the only part showing any sign of life were those blue kyanite eyes . 
 da xiora cursed under her breath . 
 `` i 've seen this before , but i thought they 'd ironed out this problem on the # 8 series . 
 these robots ca n't handle an over-large amount of data all in one go . 
 they go into some sort of continuous loop . '' 
 she knew that it was what was on those steps that had blown the robot 's mental circuits . 
 she was n't surprised as she 'd experienced only the tiniest fraction of that anomaly 's weirdness and that was too much for her . 
 what the robot 's greater intelligence made of it frightened her . 
 there was nothing for it . 
 `` do you know the reboot pass code ? '' 
 she asked her quarto-capitao . 
 there was a slight delay as teofila marilia obtained the access codes from the reliquias da santo duarte ix . 
 then she too approached # 89044-b and stated the codes in a clear voice . 
 there was no response . 
 # 89044-b 's eyes carried on flashing just as rapidly as before . 
 the quarto-capitao spoke them again . 
 while they waited for the codes to take effect da xiora looked again at the figures crowding the staircase all the way up to the white glare at the summit . 
 still , yet seemingly full of motion . 
 she shook her head . 
 no , she had never seen anything like this on her travels . 
 she looked back just as teofila marilia shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not rebooting . '' 
 `` leave it then . 
 it 's only a machine , '' da xiora suggested . 
 `` i do n't want to leave him -- it -- behind , '' the quarto-capitao said . 
 da xiora knew that the young woman was worried that leaving behind an expensive piece of equipment would reflect badly on her leadership abilities . 
 `` do n't worry -- it 's better that we get back safely to the reliquias . 
 you can order a landing party to recover the robot after we return . '' 
 teofila marilia nodded but got onto the communications link and referred the matter upwards to her demi-capitao . 
 `` yes , they said to leave # 89044-b . 
 they 'll send another shuttle later . '' 
 she sounded worried as she did n't want any black mark against her name . 
 da xiora did n't say anything . 
 she was n't about to tell the quarto-capitao that there would be no second shuttle for # 89044-b . 
 in silence , the two hi-mans walked back across the vale and then through the low hills to the shuttle . 
 at the turn in the valley , both took one last look at the strangeness behind them before da xiora took teofila marilia 's arm and guided her away . 
 the shuttle stood where it had landed . 
 its graceful lines pointed up to the skies making it a thing of beauty . 
 as they approached , its ramp automatically lowered revealing its brightly lit loading bay . 
 after the strangeness of the anomaly , the familiar interior reassured them . 
 back to a sane , orderly technological universe . 
 they settled into their acceleration couches and a few minutes later , the shuttle lifted up on its anti-gravity units and , gathering speed , shot up into the blue void , the sky darkening from cyan through to midnight and eventually to the utter blackness of outer space . 
 then the shuttle swung around the planet , out of its shadow and into the full glare of the o type giant before docking with the reliquias da santo duarte ix itself . 
 both stepped through the decontamination airlocks and while quarto-capitao teofila marilia reported the loss of # 89044-b , da xiora mentally composed her own report to the archprelate . 
 she knew what action the archprelate would want her to take . 
 that was n't the question -- the only difficulty was how to explain this abomination in a way the archprelate would understand . 
 up in her office she reviewed the video footage as well as other data gathered from the sensors . 
 that would give her enough backup . 
 changing into her robes of office , da xiora took the transferrer to the bridge where she spoke to the capitao . 
 she did n't even need to invoke the authority of the archprelate back in diamantina . 
 once she had made the capitao aware of the nature of this anomaly , the capitao -- a true believer in sol invicta -- was as eager as da xiora herself to eradicate this abhorrence , this foulness ... this blasphemy from the universe . 
 together with the bridge crew , both watched the screens as three ottumwa-4 torpedoes launched from their tubes and streaked towards the planet 's blue-green surface . 
 the missiles looped around in one complete orbit and then impacted on the site of the anomaly . 
 the surface glowed white as rock liquefied , hotter than the surface of the blue-giant sun itself . 
 on the next pass , the reliquias 's sensor array showed that the anomaly had been eradicated . 
 however , back in her office da xiora briefly wondered if that alien knew that she would be the cause of their deaths . 
 yes , it almost certainly did . 
 but had their spirits gone on ? 
 that she would never know . 
 the end . 
 about the author : freedom fighter , jungle explorer , international mercenary , riviera jewel thief , jet pilot and gigolo . 
 i 've done them all . 
 in my dreams . 
 you can connect with the author , morris kenyon , on facebook and follow on twitter where you will find regular updates : facebook.com/morris.kenyon.1 @morriskenyon i look forward to hearing from you . 
 thank you . 
 other books by morris kenyon : morris kenyon is rapidly establishing himself as an acclaimed writer of fast paced , exciting thrillers . 
 however , he likes to challenge himself and write in other genres as well . 
 * sleaford noir 1 : mcteague 's once trusted friend and associate , wheelan , has broken off part of the older mobster 's crime empire around the east midlands . 
 far worse , wheelan has also taken mcteague 's much younger second wife , claire , away with him . 
 knowing the rest of his empire will fall away or defect to wheelan if he fails to act , mcteague sends his trusted and lethal enforcer , hennessy , to sleaford to show wheelan who is chief and to take claire back home . 
 so hennessy starts a campaign of violence until wheelan has no choice but to return claire . 
 but that is only the start of both gang boss 's problems ... * sleazeford -lrb- sleaford noir 2 -rrb- : one sleepy fenland town . 
 two polish chancers eager to make a fast buck with no questions asked . 
 a group of businessmen with funny handshakes wanting to rake off big bucks from town planning contracts . 
 a neo-nazi bigot who 'll jump at the chance of becoming mayor as his first stepping stone to total power . 
 his bunch of thuggish skinhead hangers-on . 
 add a huge , abandoned industrial complex on the edge of town ripe for redevelopment . 
 put them all together and what could possibly go wrong ? 
 except that matters soon escalate way beyond anything any of these groups expected . 
 welcome to sleazeford ... * bullets do n't live for ever a roundup of shorter stories , including wavertree christmas : christmas 1855 promises no cheer for walsh and finnan . 
 living by their wits has left them hungry , cold , penniless and living in a freezing attic . 
 with no prospects they are not enjoying any of the festive season . 
 however , walsh has come up with a cunning idea that may solve all their problems . 
 the only trouble is that his plan involves a long walk in the snow and then helping themselves to someone else 's christmas . 
 will they carry out walsh 's plan or learn the true meaning of christmas ? 
 * the horror from the blizzard . 
 any scientific expedition to the arctic expects plenty of risk . 
 however , dr. welham of miskatonic university 's survey uncovers far more than the usual geologic and ethnographic samples . 
 in the severe blizzards of the far north , the team comes across a hideous object from an elder age . 
 a relic that brings earth shattering terror in its wake ... this story is loosely inspired by h. p. lovecraft 's short story from 1918 , polaris . 
 the nicu caramarin series following the adventures of a romanian gangster and hard man : * warning : these books contain scenes of a sexual nature , graphic violence , strong language and drug abuse . 
 they are not intended for those easily offended or persons under eighteen years . 
 you have been warned , so if you read them , do n't blame me . 
 * 200 steps down : when his crime boss in odessa , ukraine , decides to up his game by getting involved in people trafficking , nicolae caramarin must make a choice . 
 should he turn a blind eye to the horrors he witnesses and carry on being a good soldier for the gang ; or take his stand and bring them all down in the only way he knows how ? 
 * lookin ' for trouble : with little choice but to flee his home city of odessa , nicolae caramarin must recover a gang boss 's missing valuable painting if he ever hopes to return . 
 he follows the trail to the windy and rainy city of manchester . 
 there , he soon falls into his bad old ways with the local underworld . 
 but things soon escalate out of control . 
 who can he turn to for help ? 
 who can he trust ? 
 soon caramarin finds himself relying on his strength and wits in a battle for survival where just staying free is a bonus . 
 he follows his misadventures in britain in the next story in the series : * two ways out : having fallen on tough times , hard-bitten ex-con nicolae caramarin is lying low . 
 however , he 's thinking of going back to the only life he knows -- crime . 
 yet when an old friend asks him for a simple favour , he has no idea of the trouble he 'll soon be in . 
 hours later he 's standing in front of a murdered prosecutor 's body -- and dead centre in the sights of a group of corrupt cops from romania 's black sea port of constanta . 
 only question is how will nicu caramarin get out from under and clear his name ? 
 * snowbird : the fourth in the series . 
 to be written ... krillaz . 
 plot summary : plot summary : chapter 1 : one million reasons . 
 chapter 1 : one million reasons . 
 chapter 2 : i land on hancox 1 chapter 2 : i land on hancox 1 chapter 3 : the ruined city . 
 chapter 3 : the ruined city . 
 chapter 4 . 
 krillaz attack ! 
 chapter 4 . 
 krillaz attack ! 
 chapter 5 : i see the light . 
 chapter 5 : i see the light . 
 chapter 6 : we investigate the light . 
 chapter 6 : we investigate the light . 
 chapter 7 : we escape a trap . 
 chapter 7 : we escape a trap . 
 chapter 8 : the server room . 
 chapter 8 : the server room . 
 chapter 9 : losing and gaining . 
 chapter 9 : losing and gaining . 
 sideways through time . 
 sideways through time . 
 about the author : about the author : other books by morris kenyon : other books by morris kenyon : * sleaford noir 1 : * sleazeford -lrb- sleaford noir 2 -rrb- : * bullets do n't live for ever * the horror from the blizzard . 
 the nicu caramarin series following the adventures of a romanian gangster and hard man : * 200 steps down : * lookin ' for trouble : * two ways out : * snowbird : 
