 my family and other ghosts gary weston smashwords edition my family and other ghosts © 2014 gary weston all rights reserved license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 the ebook contained herein constitutes a copyrighted work and may not be reproduced , transmitted , down-loaded , or stored in or introduced into an information storage and retrieval system in any form or by any means , whether electronic or mechanical , now known or hereinafter invented , without the express written permission of the copyright owner , except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 ` when are you gon na get yourself laid ? ' 
 it was a question grandma asked violet shaydes at least once a day . 
 the reply was always the same . 
 ` none of your business . ' 
 grandma swung on the precarious porch swing chair , stroking cyclops , her one eyed ferret . 
 it was hard to see if cyclops was asleep or stoned from inhaling the second hand smoke from grandma 's marijuana . 
 cyclops stirred himself , yawned , stretched , looked at violet with his one beady eye and promptly dozed off again . 
 ` do n't even have to be a guy , ' said grandma . 
 ` nothin ' wrong with bein ' gay . 
 heck . 
 i tried it myself , one time . ' 
 ` let me guess . 
 k d lang ? ' 
 grandma let out another cloud of smoke . 
 ` dunno . 
 never knew her name . 
 coulda been . ' 
 name a rock star of the sixties , grandma had apparently had him . 
 this was a first , though . 
 it would n't surprise violet if her grandmother had indeed dipped her toe in the gay pool . ' 
 i got ta a vibrator you can borrow if ya wan na . 
 fresh batteries . ' 
 violet shuddered at the very idea of borrowing her grandma 's vibrator . 
 ` no thanks , i already have ... ' this was n't a conversation violet intended to continue . 
 ` grandma . 
 we 're about to have a family meeting . 
 are you in ? ' 
 ` jeez ! 
 gon na kill me off with boredom , now . 
 i 'd rather smoke myself to death . ' 
 violet sighed . 
 ` ok . 
 do n't say you were n't invited . ' 
 violet went inside through the creaky fly-screen door with the hole in the bottom half , big enough for racket , the three legged alsation to get through . 
 no surprise to find her `` liberated '' mother dancing naked to hendrix , cigarette in one hand , triple something on the rocks in the other . 
 well , it was eleven o'clock in the morning . 
 there was something hypnotic about the way her mother 's huge breasts swayed independently to purple haze . 
 they sort of bobbed up and down and from side to side at the same time . 
 violet could only think it was her mother 's claim to fame that her tits had lives of their own . 
 it was also a disappointment that her own breasts had stopped at thirty-four b since she 'd turned fourteen . 
 no amount of exercise , fondling , or massage had done anything to encourage growth in the mammary area . 
 unfortunately , that had n't stopped her posterior from growing exponentially into something that could easily eclipse the sun . 
 life was a bitch like that . 
 violet turned the music down . 
 ` hey ! 
 i was just into my groove . ' 
 violet asked , ` mom . 
 how drunk are you ? ' 
 ` how dare you incinerate i 've had too drink to much . ' 
 ` and that answers that question . 
 dad ? ' 
 ` shed . 
 leg . 
 follow the hammering . ' 
 violet bristled . 
 ` we got him a new leg . 
 if he 's whacking it about ... ' ` as the actress said to the bishop ... ' ` what ? ' 
 ` nothing . 
 put my music back on . ' 
 violet sighed . 
 ` no . 
 family meeting , remember ? ' 
 ` today ? 
 i thought that was for next week or something . ' 
 ` shit ! 
 why is this bloody family such hard work . 
 i 'll get dad . 
 mom . 
 please put some clothes on . ' 
 ` there is nothing wrong with the human body . ' 
 violet could n't agree less . 
 ` not from where i 'm standing . 
 i 'll go get dad ; you put a robe on . ' 
 ` you are so wound up . 
 you should borrow grandma 's vibrator . ' 
 violet growled . 
 ` unbelievable . 
 my mother and grandma have been discussing my sex life and ... ' ` you have a sex life ? 
 look . 
 we are a liberated family , here . 
 actually , my vibrators are a lot bigger than grandma 's and much more grunt , if you know what i mean , so if you want to take things up a notch ... ' ` i 'll go get dad . ' 
 racket , the three legged alsation , did n't even flick his tail as violet stepped over him on the back step . 
 the cacophony of chickens from the sixty-six chevy , had violet thinking strange thoughts of herself wielding an axe and chicken curry . 
 the lean-to shed still had n't collapsed in a heap and the door to the garage was wide open . 
 she could hear hammering and swearing . 
 impossible for a man to hammer anything without swearing , apparently . 
 with a degree of trepidation , violet entered the `` man cave '' . 
 ` dad . 
 if that 's your new leg you 're hitting ... ' another whack with the hammer . 
 ` see ? 
 only a person with two good legs would come out with a sentence like that . 
 i 'm just not right in my new leg . 
 and yes . 
 i appreciate you buying it for me . 
 but this old one just fits better . ' 
 ` have you any idea how much we spent on that new leg ? ' 
 ` ah ! 
 now then , violet . 
 i did say i was happy with the old leg . 
 it was you who insisted we fork out good money for a new one . ' 
 violet snapped , ` because you needed a new leg . ' 
 ` again . 
 you , not me . ' 
 another whack with the hammer . 
 ` there . 
 got it this time . ' 
 violet helped her father into his leg . 
 ` dad . 
 we 've a family meeting . 
 things to sort out . ' 
 victor shaydes kissed his daughter . 
 ` as if i 'll be any use . 
 come on , then . ' 
 they stepped outside the workshop , passed the noisy chickens in the chevy , over three legged racket on the back step , and into the house for a family meeting . 
 grandma and mother were at the kitchen table ; cyclops still asleep in the middle of it and mother was still naked . 
 violet sighed . 
 ` great . 
 just what i need . 
 a serious family meeting . ' 
 chapter 2 it was hard to concentrate , with her mother sitting naked before them . 
 still smoking , still drinking . 
 violet 's father fidgeted with his leg ; gave up with it , unstrapping it and dropping it on the floor with a clatter . 
 cyclops made a little hissing sound ; glared myopically at everyone , curled up and went back to sleep on grandma 's lap . 
 ` right . 
 ok . ' 
 violet was determined to bring the family to order , so she thumped the kitchen table . 
 ` bloody hell , violet , ' said grandma . 
 ` you almost scared cyclops . ' 
 violet said , ` he 's too stoned to give a damn . 
 look . 
 this is serious . 
 we have to move on . ' 
 ` says you , ' said grandma . ' 
 i like where we are . ' 
 ` dad . 
 you see it , do n't you ? ' 
 dad fidgeted in his seat , unsure what to say . 
 ` violet . 
 we 're all comfortable here . 
 why should we move ? ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 violet stood up and paced the kitchen . 
 ` seriously you ask why ? 
 how about we are living in a ghost town . 
 and that does n't even include our dead relatives . 
 hillsdown is dying . 
 since the steelworks slashed its capacity , nobody wants to be here . 
 fairmouthe 's not much better . 
 i can make good money selling property , but not around here . 
 two sales in four months is all i had . 
 and that was giving them away . 
 that says all we need to know . 
 time to move on . ' ' 
 i drove all over the states with the stones , once , ' said grandma . 
 exasperated , violet said , ` your point being ? ' 
 ` keith was my favourite . 
 he did things to my g spot ... ' ` grandma ! ' 
 ` it was his tongue ... ' violet shuddered . 
 ` right . 
 we have to move on . 
 i can sell this place with a bit of luck , and we can go to something worthwhile where i can move my career up a notch . ' 
 ` it might not have been keith . 
 it might have been charlie , ' said grandma . ' 
 i remember being in their dressing room . 
 so many men ... ' ` grandma ... ! ' ' 
 i remember one of the roadies . 
 coulda knocked a brick wall down with that thing of his . ' 
 sally shaydes had had enough . ' 
 i need another drink . 
 anyone else ? ' 
 ` no , ' said violet . 
 ` and you can do without . ' 
 sally got up and with a naked wobble , went over to the booze , poured herself a very large measure , returned to her seat and consumed half of her drink . 
 ` i 'm with your dad and grandma . 
 no point in moving . ' 
 ` gimee strength , ' said violet . 
 ` and what about ben , daphne and harmony ? ' 
 said victor . 
 ` we could n't leave them behind . ' 
 ` dad . 
 they 're dead . ' 
 victor shrugged . 
 ` they do n't know that . 
 they should come with us . ' 
 he looked at his wife and mother in law . 
 ` not that i 'm saying we should go . 
 but , if we are going , i 'd like to take all of us . ' 
 ` they 're ghosts , dad . 
 not like real people . ' 
 victor rubbed his stump of a leg . 
 ` if we 're going , we all go . ' 
 ` maybe it was n't the stones . 
 it could have been the backing band , ' said grandma . 
 ` that was one hell of a night . ' 
 ` all of them ? ' 
 said violet . ' 
 i was n't counting . ' 
 ` right , ' said violet . 
 ` so . 
 dad . 
 what you 're saying is , if we move , we take our dead relatives with us . ' 
 ` family is family . ' 
 grandma said , ' i ai n't goin ' no place without my kin . ' 
 ` but they 're dead , ' said violet . 
 ` one interpretation . 
 i ai n't goin ' without them . ' 
 there was weird , and then there was her family . 
 ` right , ' said violet . 
 ` so . 
 in principle , we are not averse to moving , as long as the ghosts come with us . ' ' 
 i need another drink , ' said sally . 
 she got up and with her backside on independent suspension mode , waddled over to the booze next to the goldfish tank , which had something fermenting on the top layer . 
 ` we all go together . ' 
 ` right , ' said violet . 
 ` so all i have to do is sell this falling down flea-pit , then find us a place where we can live and our dead relatives can move in with us . 
 dad ? ' 
 ` fine by me . 
 i do n't want to move , but if we do , we all go together . 
 dead or alive . ' 
 ` wonderful , ' said violet . 
 chapter 3 when anybody knocked on the door , it was with a certain amount of trepidation that violet answered it . 
 mrs alsop , the woman who had bought her late uncles house , stood before her . 
 ` ah ! 
 mrs alsop , so . 
 everything ok ? 
 no problems , i hope ? ' 
 it was always a worry , selling a property so close to home . 
 the slightest niggle could have people complaining on your doorstep . 
 ` not at all , ' said mrs alsop . 
 ` in fact , i may have another client for you . ' 
 relieved that grandma was n't awake and in her place on the swing-seat on the porch , violet glanced behind her , to make sure her mother was n't being `` natural '' in her own tiny world . 
 too early for that . 
 ` and ? ' 
 ` well . 
 a little delicate . 
 may i come in ? ' 
 inviting people in was always fraught with concern . 
 would her mother swan into the room , naked and drunk ? 
 would grandma waddle out , with her one eyed ferret in one hand , a joint in the other ? 
 would her father walk in with a bashed up artificial leg ? 
 and it was only nine in the morning . 
 ` of course . 
 tea ? 
 coffee ? ' 
 ` i 'm fine , thank you . 
 now . 
 as you know , i do have a certain ability when it comes to ghosts . 
 harmony asked me to say hi , by the way . ' 
 ` hmm . 
 i really must pop round and say hello . ' 
 ` you 're always welcome . 
 anyway . 
 my ability sort of runs in the family . ' 
 mrs alsop stopped abruptly as sally shaydes appeared at the door , saw mrs alsop , remembered she was naked and went back out again . 
 ` such an interesting family . ' 
 ` that 's one word for them . ' 
 ` then again , i suppose my family are a bit odd . 
 my sister , elizabeth . 
 she sees ghosts , too . 
 she spends more time talking to your uncle and aunt than she does to me when she visits . 
 the thing is , elizabeth actually makes a living as a medium . 
 but her ghosts have moved on . 
 they helped her communicate with the dear departed , but now they have gone , she ca n't make any money at it . 
 she was wondering if you could find her a haunted house . 
 if you could , you could sell her house and also get commission on the one you find her . ' 
 ` not if it 's already with a real estate agent . 
 they would get the commission . ' 
 mrs alsop shrugged . 
 ` so ? 
 find a haunted house that is n't on the market , then . ' ' 
 i suppose i could try . ' 
 the money would certainly be useful , thought violet . 
 ` that 's the spirit . 
 oops . 
 no pun intended . 
 here are my sister 's details . 
 call her later and talk to her . 
 i have to go . ' 
 mrs alsop hurried out of the door , leaving violet staring at the piece of paper . 
 ` great . 
 all i have to do is to find a haunted house . ' 
 chapter 4 monkton was almost a depressing small town as hillsdown . 
 people there had also been affected by the scaling down of the steelworks in fairmouthe and the global economic meltdown . 
 when violet pulled up outside number thirteen , potters road , she looked over the front of the old house with a professional eye . 
 the property was drab and run-down , and the front lawn had n't been mowed in a month . 
 she hoped the inside was an improvement to the outside . 
 she knocked on the door which had been painted black and some of that paint was flaking off . 
 a small dog started barking and the door was opened . 
 ` mrs granger ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 and you must be miss shaydes . ' 
 ` violet . 
 yes . ' 
 ` do come in , violet . 
 and you must call me elizabeth . ' 
 violet entered , gently shooing the little jack russel with her foot . 
 ` do n't mind toby . 
 he 's just inquisitive . ' 
 like the outside , the inside was in need of a good makeover . 
 the red flock wallpaper must have been fifty years old at least . 
 the green carpet was threadbare in places and most of the furniture belonged in a landfill site . 
 ` as you can see , i 've kept the original features of the place . 
 so many people ruin grand old houses like this . 
 my sister is always nagging me to do something with the place . ' 
 ` really ? 
 i ca n't imagine why . ' 
 ` i 'm glad we think alike , ' said granger , missing the sarcasm . 
 a quick guided tour of the property confirmed that the condition was the same throughout . 
 finally , they sat at the kitchen table and granger made coffee for two and they had biscuits as they drank , toby looking big eyed at them , eventually getting a treat from his owner . 
 ` and you used to have ghosts ? ' 
 violet asked . ' 
 a wonderful couple . 
 they died about thirty years ago , in this very house . 
 she poisoned both of them . ' 
 ` good grief . ' 
 ` oh , not intentionally . 
 mrs carver loved baking . 
 but her eyesight was very poor and she mixed in some rat poison by mistake . 
 her husband never blamed her once for killing him . 
 such a nice gentleman . ' 
 violet said , ' i see . 
 but now they 've moved on ? ' 
 granger sighed . ' 
 i do miss them . 
 and of course , i 've hardly earned any money , since they went . ' 
 ` it 's tough for everybody at the moment . 
 and are you wanting to stay in monkton ? ' 
 granger shook her head . 
 ` they 're a funny lot around here . 
 i was thinking fairmouthe . 
 i 've always been a city girl . 
 i only left there when i divorced my pig of a husband . 
 i could n't stand bumping into the swine all the time . 
 he moved on once the steelworks downsized , so that 's no longer a problem . ' ' 
 i used to work there until i got laid off . 
 granger ? 
 no . 
 i do n't think i knew him . ' 
 ` oh , joe did n't work there . 
 he ran a small sandwich shop nearby . 
 he sold up when his trade was hit and moved away . 
 yes . 
 i think i 'd like to go back to fairmouthe . ' 
 violet said , ` and it has to be a haunted house ? ' 
 ` absolutely . 
 you do see ghosts , i gather ? ' ' 
 i have done . 
 my uncle , aunt and cousin in your sister 's house . 
 nothing before that , though . ' 
 ` ooh ! ' 
 said granger with a grin . 
 ` and did n't it make you feel special , seeing your family 's spirits ? ' 
 ` special ? 
 how about totally freaking me out ? 
 it would n't bother me to never see another as long as i live . ' 
 granger sighed and shook her head . 
 ` such a pity . 
 i mean , if you really had the gift , you could have a nice little money spinner . ' 
 ` by conning people , you mean ? 
 i 'll pass , if you do n't mind . ' 
 ` is that what you think i do ? 
 con people ? ' 
 this was dodgy ground , violet realised . 
 upsetting mrs granger could lose her the chance to sell her house and make some money . 
 some damage limitation was called for . 
 ` not you , obviously . 
 you do actually see ghosts . 
 but there 's plenty of con merchants out there , fleecing the vulnerable . ' 
 granger said , ` sadly very true . 
 but not me . 
 i genuinely help people . 
 but i still have to eat . 
 is it so wrong of me to make a little money from helping people ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i suppose not . 
 look . 
 let 's get down to business . 
 i want to sell this house for you and my rates are lower than the bigger outfits . 
 i 'll do a good job for you and get the best possible price for you . ' 
 ` fair enough . 
 and find me another haunted house ? ' 
 violet said , ` i 'll try . 
 but , elizabeth . 
 this place will have to be spruced up for you to get a good result . 
 some gardening . 
 a lick of paint here and there . ' ' 
 i have n't money to spend on decorating . ' 
 violet said , ' i know . 
 but i think i have a way round that . ' 
 chapter 5 they were all gathered around the kitchen table for another family meeting . 
 ` me ? ' 
 ` dad . 
 you 're doing sweet nothing all day . 
 you go and spend a few days at mrs granger 's place and get it looking nice for me to sell . ' 
 victor shaydes was n't liking the sound of it . 
 ` you want me to work for nothing ? ' ' 
 i already explained that . 
 you make the house look nice inside and out , i 'll get a good price for it , i 'll pay you for the work out of the commission . 
 you have all that paint you stole from the steelworks ... ' ` stole ? 
 yeah . 
 ok . 
 i suppose i did . 
 hey . 
 they paid me peanuts . 
 it was my way of getting something back . 
 all right . 
 i 'll do it . ' 
 ` good . 
 i want you there at eight in the morning . 
 get the outside sorted out first . 
 then you can make a start inside . ' 
 ` and no fooling around with mrs granger , ' threatened sally . 
 ` as if . 
 anyway , ' said victor . 
 ` why do n't you come with me ? 
 we 'll get done twice as fast . ' 
 sally said , ` no . 
 because , i 'm helping violet find a haunted house to sell to mrs granger . ' 
 grandma laughed her best phlegm filled smokers laugh . 
 ` who you gon na call ? 
 ghost busters . ' 
 ` we can make some good money with this job , ' said violet . 
 ` especially if we can find a haunted house not on the market and i can persuade the owner to sell . ' 
 grandma said , ` you can get them stoned on my dope if that 'll help ? ' 
 violet realised from her expression that grandma was actually serious . 
 ` we 'll keep that for a backup plan . 
 leave that to me and mom . ' 
 and so it was that team shaydes went to work . 
 victor loaded up the trailer with his lawnmower and stolen paint and set off , only half an hour late . 
 grandma made herself useful by keeping out of the way with cyclops . 
 sally refrained from drinking all morning and actually got dressed . 
 violet set up the kitchen table with the phone , pens , paper and her laptop . 
 ` right , ' said violet . 
 ` we need to find places that are haunted in fairmouthe . 
 we 'll worry about getting it to sell , later . ' 
 ` ah ! 
 i was thinking about that . 
 where 's the weekly freebie ? 
 here it is . ' 
 sally retrieved the newspaper from the trash-bin and shook the fish heads she 'd wrapped in it back into the bin . 
 ` mom . 
 that stinks . 
 how long has this been in the trash ? ' 
 ` only a couple of weeks . 
 do n't be such a fusspot . 
 now . 
 where did i see it ? ' 
 a cockroach scurried from out of the sporting pages and dropped onto the floor and ran away back to the trash bin . 
 ` here it is . 
 family has a plague of ghosts . ' ' 
 a plague ? 
 typical media exaggeration . 
 carry on . ' 
 ` right . 
 mr and mrs bovis have been subjected to spooky goings on for the last three months . 
 mrs bovis said how they were living in a nightmare situation and had n't slept a wink for weeks . 
 mr bovis had contacted the authorities pest control department to eradicate the ghosts , but they had declined to help . 
 `` what do we pay our local taxes for ? '' 
 mr bovis told our reporter . ' 
 ` interesting . 
 any details like the address ? ' 
 ` it just says poultice avenue . 
 no number . ' 
 violet was already on her laptop , checking the area out . 
 ` not bad . 
 they 'll be in the phone book . 
 bovis . 
 here we go . ' 
 violet called the number and her call was soon answered . 
 ` hello ? 
 my name is ... ' it was a child 's voice . 
 ` hello . 
 is your mommy or daddy ... oh . 
 hello . 
 is that mrs bovis ? 
 my name is ... no . 
 i 'm not from the media . 
 the thing is , i. . . 
 no . 
 not from the council . 
 no . 
 not a pest control ... what makes you think ghosts are pests ? 
 i mean , yes they are , but not like rats or ... ' violet watched as the cockroach almost made it to the top of the trash-bin , then it fell off . 
 undeterred , it had another go , succeeded and wriggled inside . ' 
 ... or cockroaches . 
 have you considered selling your property at all , mrs bovis ? 
 only i might just ... i know . 
 not an easy property to sell , being haunted . 
 but i think ... yes . 
 sorry . 
 did n't i say ? 
 i 'm violet shaydes , of shaydes real estate . 
 i just think ... well . 
 no promises . 
 this afternoon ? 
 right . 
 does one o'clock suit you ? 
 great . 
 me and my p a will be there at one . 
 thank you , mrs bovis . ' 
 ` we have a shot ? ' 
 ` we have a shot . ' 
 ` and i 'm your p a ? ' 
 ` if you can refrain from drinking and do n't stink of tobacco , you can be my p a. ' sally thought that a reasonable trade-off . 
 ` i 'll wear that black outfit again . ' 
 ` right . 
 we can do this . ' 
 chapter 6 victor shaydes had a good nose for money . 
 the fact he could never sniff any cash in his own bank account , did n't stop him sniffing at other peoples money . 
 this old house could be worth something and if violet could find a buyer , they could all do well out of it . 
 he did n't knock on the door , but worked his lawnmower hard , over the almost knee-length grass . 
 the door opened with mrs granger , resplendent in a black , lacy , full length sleeping thing , stepping outside . 
 ` you must be mr shaydes . ' 
 ` only if i have to be . ' 
 victor took off his working gloves and shook her hand . 
 ` call me victor . ' 
 ` then i am elizabeth . 
 i see you have a leg missing , ' said granger , looking at the metal leg protruding from the too tight shorts . 
 ` damn . 
 i do ? 
 i could have sworn i had a matching pair when i got up this morning . ' 
 granger laughed . 
 ` nothing wrong with a good sense of humour , i always say . 
 so . 
 you are going to transform this property , i am led to believe ? ' 
 ` just tidy the old girl up a bit so my daughter can get you a good price for it . ' 
 ` such a level headed young woman . ' 
 ` that probably comes from when i dropped her as a baby . ' 
 granger wagged her finger at victor . ' 
 i can see i 'll have to keep my eye on you . ' 
 ` if it makes you happy . 
 right . 
 i 'd better get this lot mowed . ' 
 ` come in for a cup of tea when you 've done . ' 
 with that established , victor revved up the mower and paraded up and down the front lawn . 
 finally , he had finished and went inside the house for a well earned drink . 
 mrs granger had dressed into something long and flowing . 
 she waved at the chair by the kitchen table and she poured tea for the two of them . 
 ` i 'm really quite embarrassed how i 've neglected the place , ' said granger . 
 ` my own place is n't much better , ' admitted victor , scratching the ear of toby the jack russell . ' 
 i just ca n't drum up the enthusiasm to do much about it . ' 
 granger said , ' i completely understand . 
 my ex husband did most of the maintenance . 
 not exactly my forte . 
 tell me , mr shaydes . 
 do you see ghosts ? ' 
 ` hell , no . 
 my wife and daughter saw my brother and his family . 
 i wanted nothing to do with it . ' 
 ` well . 
 if your wife saw them , i suspect that 's where your daughter gets her ability from . 
 do any other members of your family see things ? ' 
 victor shrugged . 
 ` grandma . 
 my wife 's mother . 
 if she smokes too much dope she can see all manner of things . 
 she swore blind that david bowie was in her bedroom the other night . 
 wishful thinking on her part . ' 
 ` such an interesting family you have . ' ' 
 i suppose . 
 right . 
 now . 
 i have this paint . 
 a sort of bottle green . 
 i think if i sand down your window frames , they would come up a treat . ' 
 granger said , ` bottle green ? 
 you really think so ? ' 
 it was the only colour victor had stolen from the steelworks , and he was damned if he was going to spend his weeks beer money on anything else . 
 ` it 'll be perfect for this house . 
 trust me . 
 i know what i 'm doing . ' 
 chapter 7 ` this is the one , ' said violet , parking the car . 
 ` not a bad looking property from the outside . 
 a good area . 
 i can sell this . ' 
 ` as long as it 's really haunted , ' said sally , getting out and adjusting her black skirt . 
 the door opened before they knocked on it and a tired looking woman in her early thirties opened it . 
 after introductions , they had a quick tour of the house . 
 it was in a reasonably tidy condition , with the exception of a few odd looking stains on the walls . 
 cleaning had n't removed it all . 
 mary bovis said , ` you 'll have to excuse the place . 
 our ghosts did the damage . ' 
 ` they did this ? ' 
 said sally . 
 ` plates of food flying across the room . 
 we mostly eat sandwiches , these days . ' 
 violet said , ` just damage in here ? ' 
 ` did n't you notice the broken mirror in the bathroom ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` my husband frank has replaced it three times . 
 we do n't bother any more . ' 
 sally asked , ` your husband 's at work ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 and jane 's at school . 
 i get a little peace and quiet for a few hours on my own . ' 
 violet said , ` no ghosts while you 're on your own ? ' 
 ` no . 
 only when we 're together . ' 
 mary was on the verge of tears . 
 ` i 've lived here since we got married . 
 i would n't be considering selling if not for this horrible ghost thing going on . ' 
 ` mind if i take a few photographs ? ' 
 violet asked . 
 ` i 'll try to miss the stains . ' 
 ` go for it . 
 you really think you can sell this house ? ' 
 ` at the right price , ' said violet . 
 violet and sally took photos of most rooms , avoiding the curious looking stains wherever possible . 
 ` we got this one nailed , ' whispered sally . 
 ` shush . 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 'll tell you later . ' 
 after promising to be in touch , the shaydes said goodbye and got back in the car . ' 
 i think we have a problem , ' said violet . 
 ` like what ? 
 a perfectly good house in a good area . 
 mrs granger will love it . ' 
 ` if it was haunted , perhaps . ' 
 sally said , ` what ? 
 are you saying mrs bovis did that damage herself ? ' 
 ` no . 
 their daughter did it . ' 
 ` but mrs bovis said she saw plates of food flying across the room . ' 
 violet agreed . 
 ` and i believe her . 
 this is n't ghosts . 
 it 's poltergeist . 
 when we first knew about uncle ben and aunt daphne being ghosts , i googled it . 
 poltergeist are usually manifested from children , generally girls . 
 it is her energy causing the trouble . 
 which is why mrs bovis does n't see anything when she 's on her own . ' 
 sally finally understood . 
 ` so the house is n't properly haunted . ' 
 ` correct . 
 which means , mrs granger wo n't be interested in it . 
 and now i 've agreed to try to sell the house , i could be stuck with it for ever . ' 
 ` and we still have to find another haunted house for mrs granger . ' 
 ` great . ' 
 chapter 8 as sally `` admired '' the bottle green window frame , violet broke the news to mrs granger . 
 ` it certainly sounds like a poltergeist , ' said granger . 
 ` tell them to get a priest in . 
 a good catholic one . ' ' 
 i have one on speed-dial , ' said violet . ' 
 a pity , though . 
 you 'd have loved the house . ' 
 granger sighed . 
 ` oh , well . 
 you keep trying . 
 i 'm sure something will turn up . ' ' 
 i see my father is doing a good job outside . ' 
 ` not really keen on the colour , though . 
 better than it was , i suppose . ' 
 violet said , ` if it does n't look right we can always paint over it . 
 maybe white . 
 well . 
 we have to be going . 
 grandma will be wanting her dinner . ' 
 ` she sounds like a lovely old lady . ' 
 ` best described as colourful . 
 especially her past . 
 i 'll be in touch when we have something to show you . ' 
 they made a convoy back home with just a brief stop at a chinese takeaway and they filled plates for everyone and victor filled glasses with his home-made beer . ' 
 a bloody awful colour , that green , ' said sally . 
 ` so you keep saying , ' said victor . 
 ` it was the only colour i could get hold of from the steelworks . 
 so , it 's either that , or we fork out for some more . ' 
 sally said , ` we 're behind with the power bill . 
 we need to pay that before we go buying paint for somebody 's house . ' 
 ` do n't look at me , ' said violet . ' 
 i got nothing . 
 and now i 'm stuck with selling a house with gravy all over the walls . ' ' 
 i once threw a television out of a hotel window , ' said grandma . 
 violet said , ` why ? ' 
 ` why not ? 
 we did that sort of thing in those days . 
 i remember saying to roger daltry ... ' ` he was there ? ' 
 said sally . 
 ` of course he was n't . 
 but he phoned me after one of his concerts . 
 wanted me to fly over . 
 well . 
 i was with the monkey 's at the time ... ' ` which one ? ' 
 victor dared to ask . 
 ` all of them . 
 did you know david jones was the reason david bowie had to change his name from jones ? 
 it was me who suggested bowie to him . 
 a flash of inspiration on my part . 
 anyway , one of them , might have been mickey , bet me i could n't throw the television into the swimming pool from the window . 
 turned out he was right . 
 landed on the hotel cat . 
 they had to scrape it up . ' 
 they ate and listened to grandma rewrite history . 
 racket got the scraps in his bowl and with a fairly indifferent day behind them , they turned in for the night . 
 chapter 9 a little after eight the next morning , victor was driving off to mrs granger 's house to carry on with the painting and violet was busy on her laptop when her naked mother walked in . 
 ` could n't you sleep either ? ' 
 violet asked . ' 
 i can never sleep when i 'm sober . 
 i seriously need to get off my face today . 
 we 're not going anywhere , are we ? ' 
 ` not sure . 
 i 'm going through the obituaries online . 
 find out who has died recently in fairmouthe . 
 see if i can dig anyone up . ' 
 sally said , ' i think you 'll find that 's against the law . ' ' 
 i meant , ghosts mean dead people , right ? 
 see if anyone decided to hang around . ' 
 sally said , ` and you 'll do what ? 
 call up the relatives and say , `` hi . 
 sorry about your loss . 
 you got any ghosts ? '' 
 i can see that going down well . ' 
 ` one step at a time . ' 
 ` and what about the bovis woman ? 
 are you calling her back ? ' 
 violet shrugged . 
 ` maybe later . ' 
 ` why do n't you call that priest we had to ben and daphne 's house ? 
 see if he 'll go around to the bovis woman and get rid of that poltergeist ? ' 
 violet said , ' i suppose i could . 
 mind you , he was crap at getting rid of our ghosts , if you remember . 
 then again , they are proper ghosts . 
 i 'm sure it 's the girl causing the poltergeist . 
 maybe ... ' violet 's face suddenly lit up . 
 ` mom . 
 you are brilliant ! ' ' 
 i already knew that . 
 why am i ? ' 
 ` father whatsisname . 
 o’leary . 
 he 'll know if there are any ghosts anywhere . 
 we need to talk to him . ' 
 sally could see her chances of getting an early drinking session were diminishing fast . 
 ` i 've got his number somewhere . 
 from the drawer by the fish-tank , sally got the little book that was falling to pieces and went through it . 
 ` here it is . 
 i 'll call him . ' 
 ` this calls for charm and personality . 
 i 'll do it . 
 you go get dressed . ' 
 as her mother went off to dress , violet could only get father patrick o'leary 's answer machine . 
 `` hi . 
 this is father o'leary . 
 i am probably out tending my flock , or busy watching the footy , so leave a message and i 'll get back to you . 
 you know what to do . '' 
 ` hello , father . 
 this is violet shaydes . 
 you may recall kindly giving my uncle 's house a cleansing ? 
 anyway . 
 you may or may not have heard of the bovis family in fairmouthe ? 
 they think they have ghosts , but i 'm fairly sure it is just a poltergeist appearing because of their daughter living there . 
 they are pretty distressed with it all and i was wondering if you would perhaps call them and see if you could help . 
 if you can , that will be great . 
 call me on this number and i 'll give you the details . 
 err , thanks . ' 
 violet hung up and thought about the message she had left . 
 she had n't wanted to leave any more information than she had , so that o'leary would call her back . 
 she had every intention of inviting herself to the bovis ' home when o'leary was there , so she could butter him up about other haunted houses . 
 ` did you get through ? ' 
 said sally . 
 she was wearing a pink track suit . 
 ` answering machine . 
 i 'm hoping he 'll call me back and i can meet up with him and find out if there are any more haunted places . ' 
 sally said , ` well , you wo n't need me for that . 
 i 'll stay here and get drunk . ' 
 ` no surprises there , then . ' 
 chapter 10 it was probably unfortunate that father o'leary did n't call violet back until three in the afternoon . 
 by that time , half a bottle of bourbon had been consumed by sally shaydes who was barely in command of her faculties . 
 ` going then , are we ? ' 
 said sally , swaying slightly . 
 ` me , not you . 
 you are in no fit state . ' 
 ` my fit is quite state , thank you very much . ' 
 violet said , ` you stay here and ... feed grandma . 
 and racket . 
 in fact , start cooking for all of us . 
 i 'll be back in a couple of hours . 
 and with that breath , do n't stand too close to naked flames . ' 
 ` are you incinerating ... ' ` yes . 
 and if you breathe on a naked flame , the whole house could go up in smoke . ' 
 sally tried to focus . 
 ` right . 
 so the fruit of my loins wants me to stop breathing . ' 
 ` tempting , but no . 
 keep breathing and start cooking . 
 i phoned mrs bovis once father o'leary called and invited myself over . 
 i 'll go find us a haunted house . ' 
 violet recognised the lime green and rust covered volkswagen beetle as she parked behind it . 
 she abandoned her car behind the beetle , got out and rapped on the front door . 
 the fresh faced , tall and skinny father o'leary opened it . 
 ` miss shaydes . 
 tread lightly . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` and watch out for flying saucers . 
 also , dinner plates , knives and forks ... ' ` cutlery in general . 
 got that . ' 
 violet followed father o'leary inside . 
 the priest looked both ways up the street , before closing the door . 
 he started to put the safety chain on , then decided if he needed a way out , he was n't about to put obstacles in his way . 
 ` this is quite ... interesting . ' 
 ` it is ? ' 
 said violet . 
 ` my advice ? 
 look in from the doorway . 
 unless you have full body armour , do n't go inside . ' 
 violet followed o'leary to the lounge door , which was open . 
 there came a sound not unlike a tornado , thrashing about inside . 
 o'leary went inside ; violet was n't so stupid . 
 as father o'leary stood in the middle of the madness , three seemingly innocent family members sat with their uneaten meals on their laps . 
 ordinarily , they would have been watching the television as they ate their evening meal . 
 all well and good , had not the television been floating around the room , smashing into the walls and ceiling . 
 the strangest thing was , however , even though it was smashed up with the power cord trailing behind it , it was still a functioning television . 
 `` ... possibly showers in the south , and likely thunderstorms in the north . '' 
 the weather forecaster insisted on giving his weather report , even though his head was being hammered on the floor . 
 a knife hovered in the air , turned to face violet and flew at her . 
 she ducked down just in time , as it flew over her head and embedded itself in the wall behind her with a disconcerting `` twang '' . 
 the television crashed to the floor in a shower of sparks . 
 ` that 's the third telly i got this month , ' said mr bovis . 
 ` no more telly 's . ' 
 ` but , dad . . ' 
 ` it 's your own fault , jane , ' said mrs bovis . 
 ` you are the poltergeist . 
 father o'leary told us that . 
 stop being a poltergeist , we can have another telly . ' 
 jane folded her arms about her , and fixed her expression into one of pouting anger . ' 
 i get the blame for everything around here . 
 it 's not fair . ' 
 o'leary ducked as a china ornament flew at him and it smashed into the wall where mashed potato was stuck . 
 ` jane , ' said violet . 
 ` why not come outside and talk to me about it ? 
 you could get hurt being in here . ' 
 ` do n't wan na . 
 who are you , anyway ? ' 
 ` just somebody trying to help . 
 i met some ghosts , recently . 
 one was my cousin . 
 she was about your age . ' 
 ` this is n't a ghost , ' said mr bovis , glumly . 
 ` it 's jane . ' 
 jane got up and ran to the front door and violet followed her outside . 
 ` jane . 
 do n't run off . ' 
 jane stopped by the side of o'leary 's car and kicked the door and a small patch of rust dropped to the ground . 
 ` that priest should n't have said it was me doing it . ' 
 violet could n't hear any more noise from inside the house . 
 she glanced through the window and she could see o'leary in the middle of the room , calmly reading from his bible . 
 ` jane . 
 take a look . ' 
 jane joined violet and stared through the window . 
 ` nothing happening , ' said jane . 
 ` exactly . 
 you brought your anger out here and it all stopped in there . 
 when we were trying to get rid of our family ghosts , i did a lot of research . 
 poltergeist are generally supposed to be associated with girls who are angry , like you are . 
 that 's why i called father o'leary , so he could explain things to you and your family . ' 
 jane looked up at violet . 
 ` what happened to your cousin ? ' 
 violet sighed . 
 ` she died in an accident . 
 a faulty gas boiler . 
 she and her parents . 
 my uncle and aunt , died with her , but their ghosts stayed behind . ' 
 ` how did you get rid of them ? ' 
 ` we did n't . 
 they 're still there . 
 we sold that house to a couple who do n't mind ghosts being there . 
 mind you , they do n't go smashing televisions up . ' 
 jane said , ` dad said we are going to sell our house . ' 
 ` there would n't be much point of doing that . 
 as you are causing the poltergeist activity , it would probably start at your next house . 
 what 's troubling you , jane ? ' 
 ` nothing . ' 
 ` you can tell me . 
 something is upsetting you . ' 
 ` do n't wan na go to school no more . ' 
 violet asked , ` do n't you like school ? ' 
 ` babs ratley . 
 she and her gang keep picking on me . ' 
 ` ah ! 
 you 're being bullied at school . 
 bigger than you , is she ? ' 
 jane snapped , ` she 's a big fat ugly cow . 
 but there 's more of them . ' 
 ` you know what ? 
 i bet she 's jealous of you . 
 she 's fat and ugly , not slim and pretty like you . 
 i had a girl picking on me at school . 
 just like you 're having . ' 
 ` what did you do ? ' 
 violet laughed . ' 
 i got her on her own one day , in the toilets . 
 bullies are usually cowards when they 're alone . 
 i grabbed her hair and shoved her head down the toilet and flushed it . 
 i was never picked on after that . 
 have you tried talking to the teachers ? 
 or your mom and dad ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 nobody listens to me . ' 
 ` and that 's why you are frustrated and angry . 
 we need to talk to your mom and dad . 
 are you feeling calm , now ? ' 
 jane shrugged . ' 
 i suppose so . ' 
 ` ok . 
 take a deep breath and we 'll see if we can sort something out . 
 come on . ' 
 they went back inside and violet sat on the sofa with jane . 
 the bovis 's and o'leary wondered if the chaos was about to start again . 
 it did n't . 
 ` it seems jane 's being bullied at school , ' explained violet . 
 ` that 's why she 's in a state . ' 
 mrs bovis said , ` you never said anything , jane . ' ' 
 i did . 
 you never listen . 
 dad 's the same . ' 
 mr bovis said , ` you can tell us anything . ' ' 
 i tried . ' 
 o'leary said , ` it 's sometimes hard for parents to communicate with young teenagers . 
 but you should n't have to put up with bullying at school . ' 
 ` who is it bullying you , jane ? ' 
 asked mrs bovis . 
 ` babs ratley . 
 she and some others . ' ' 
 i know her , ' said mrs bovis . 
 ` nasty piece of work . 
 not the best of families . ' 
 mr bovis said , ` now we know what 's going on , we 'll sort it out . 
 all three of us will go to the school tomorrow . ' 
 violet said , ` and if that does n't stop it , there 's always the toilet method . ' 
 ` time for me to go , ' said o'leary . 
 the bovis 's thanked o'leary and violet who went out to leave the family to sort out their house and their lives together . 
 ` well done , miss shaydes . ' 
 ` no worries , father . 
 i 'm just glad to be of help . 
 actually . 
 i was hoping to have a word with you . ' 
 o'leary said , ` oh ? 
 go on , then . ' ' 
 i do n't suppose you know of any houses with actual ghosts , do you ? ' 
 chapter 11 the meal sally shaydes had cooked was only partly cremated . 
 they sat together , picking out the burnt pieces of whatever it was supposed to be . 
 ` reminds me of the time bob dylan 's guitar caught fire , ' said grandma . 
 ` or was that bruce springsteen ? ' ' 
 i bet he did n't have to try and eat it , ' said victor . 
 ` never mind that , ' said violet . ' 
 i have news . 
 the bovis 's have sorted things out and they 'll not be moving . 
 but . 
 i did get to speak to father o'leary . 
 and guess what ? 
 he does happen to know of a haunted house . 
 twice he 's tried to move the ghosts on . 
 they 're still there . ' 
 ` and they want to sell the house ? ' 
 sally asked , trying to focus on her meal and giving up with it . 
 ` that 's the best part about it . 
 they tried with three different agencies . 
 that was six months ago . 
 now with the depressed market and a ghost or two that 's been on the news , mrs granger can get it for a good price . 
 i just have to put the two together . ' 
 ` and you still have mrs granger 's house to sell , ' said victor . 
 ` which reminds me . 
 she found two new large drums of cream emulsion paint in the shed she 'd forgotten about . 
 i can paint the walls of the lounge and one bedroom with it . ' 
 ` anything will be an improvement , ' said violet . 
 ` mom . 
 you go and work with dad and get the job done . 
 i 'll work on the haunted house . ' 
 ` what about my dinner ? ' 
 said grandma . 
 ` i 'll bring fish and chips home with me , ' said violet . 
 violet was finally feeling that she could make it all work . 
 the following morning she rallied the troops and got her parents off to mrs granger 's house . 
 then she called o'leary for the address which she then googled to check out the location . 
 it was in a good , middle-class part of the city . 
 then she found the old property listing with the last agency for details and the price . 
 ` no way in hell would that place go for that much now , ' violet muttered to herself . 
 it was time to go to work . 
 ` mrs farmer ? 
 oh , hello . 
 i 'm violet shaydes from shaydes real estate . 
 i was wondering if you had managed to sell your house . 
 no ? 
 well . 
 i may have a client of mine looking for something like your house . 
 no , she does n't live in fairmouthe , but she used to do and she is keen to move back . 
 would you mind if i come around and we could have a little chat about it ? 
 this afternoon ? ' 
 violet could sense the eagerness in mrs farmer 's voice . 
 that was a good sign . 
 ` hmm . 
 let me just check my appointment book . ' 
 she flicked through some papers held close to the phone . ' 
 i do have a lot on this afternoon . 
 but one appointment is n't too far from your house . 
 i could fit you in between two and two thirty this afternoon ? 
 excellent . 
 i 'll see you at two . ' 
 violet put the phone down and smiled . 
 she had a good feeling about this . 
 ` i 'm hungry , ' called grandma from the porch . 
 ` so am i , ' said violet . 
 ` for success . ' 
 ` great . 
 just do n't burn it . ' 
 chapter 12 it was a well maintained property in a good street . 
 it even had a garage at the side . 
 violet had deliberately waited until ten minutes past two before ringing the doorbell . 
 a smartly dressed woman in her early sixties opened the door . 
 ` sorry i 'm late , mrs farmer . 
 just too many clients , not enough time . ' 
 ` come on through , ' said mrs farmer . 
 ` sounds like you are keeping busy . ' ' 
 i keep picking up new clients from the old established agencies . 
 i charge less although i still get them the best possible offers for their properties . 
 and i must say , mrs farmer . 
 this is a lovely place . ' 
 ` much too big for my husband and i , these days . 
 my husband is about to retire soon and we would like to downsize . ' 
 violet nodded as she looked around the lounge . 
 ` they are large rooms in these older properties . 
 much of a garden out the back ? ' 
 ` not too big . 
 manageable . 
 graham takes care of it at the weekends . 
 he 's on earlies , today . 
 he 'll be home , shortly . ' 
 as mrs farmer said that , they heard a car pull up and the automatic garage door opening . 
 two minutes later , mr farmer entered the room . 
 ` graham . 
 this is miss shaydes , from shaydes real estate . 
 she thinks she may have a client interested in our house . ' 
 graham looked violet up and down . ' 
 i see . 
 i thought we 'd given up on the idea of selling . ' 
 from upstairs came the sound of a chair moving across floorboards and mrs farmer shuddered nervously . 
 ` no , graham . 
 you gave up , not me . ' 
 the chair moved again . ' 
 violet said , ' i do n't recall seeing anyone when we had a look upstairs . ' 
 ` you did n't , ' said mrs farmer . 
 ` you 'll find out sooner or later . 
 we have ghosts . 
 two of them . ' 
 violet thought she managed just the right amount of surprise in her expression . 
 ` did you say ghosts ? ' 
 graham said , ` i 'm surprised you do n't remember seeing it on the local television news . 
 just over six months ago ? ' 
 ` something vaguely familiar . 
 remind me . ' 
 ` i 'll tell her , ' said mrs farmer . 
 ` you always over dramatise everything . 
 you see , miss shaydes . 
 this house is over a hundred years old . 
 we have lived here about thirty five years . 
 we did n't know , but about sixty years ago , the couple who lived here at the time ... ' ` the mason family , ' said graham , getting a shut up stare from his wife . 
 ` i 'll put the kettle on , ' he said , scurrying away to the kitchen . 
 ` as graham said . 
 the mason 's . 
 unfortunately , they found an intruder in the house one night . 
 they had been socialising and probably had had a drop to drink when they came home . 
 tom mason heard the sounds up there . 
 he picked up the poker from the fire and raced up the stairs . 
 listen carefully . ' 
 they listened , violet holding her breath . 
 she clearly heard somebody running up the stairs . 
 then the sound of a scuffle and something heavy landing on the floor above them . 
 ` now this ... ' said mrs farmer . 
 violet almost jumped out of her skin as the front door slammed behind her . 
 it had n't actually slammed , but it certainly sounded like it . 
 ` that was mrs mason running outside for help . ' 
 ` good grief . ' 
 ` when she finally got back here with help , it was all over . 
 both mr mason and the intruder were dead . ' 
 ` but how ... ? ' 
 ` shush ! ' 
 there came the sounds of a struggle on the landing and people falling down the stairs . 
 then silence . 
 ` mr mason had bashed the intruder on the head and the intruder knocked mr mason over as he fell , and they were dead at the bottom of the stairs when the police arrived . ' 
 violet knew some of the details from her research , but not everything . 
 ` so . 
 the ghosts are mr mason and ... ' ` fred norton . 
 petty thief . 
 afterwards , mrs mason lived here with her son until she passed away . 
 she died in hospital , so her ghost is n't here . ' 
 ` glad to hear it . 
 and her son ? ' 
 ` he was quite deaf , so was never really bothered by the noises . 
 we bought the house from him , not knowing the history of the place . 
 he now lives in a retirement village . ' 
 violet said , ` and you 've lived with these ghosts for over thirty years ? ' 
 ` no . 
 well , yes , i suppose we did . 
 but they did n't make their presence felt until about a year ago . 
 graham was doing up that spare bedroom , when he found this . ' 
 from a dresser drawer , mrs farmer took out a newspaper which had yellowed with age . 
 the front page told the story of the incident all those years ago . 
 ` see the date ? 
 that is the same date of the two men dying . 
 it was also the same date last year that graham found this newspaper . 
 from then on , we heard the noises . ' 
 ` and you told the media ? ' 
 mrs farmer said , ` certainly not . 
 we had a neighbour round one day . 
 she heard the noises . 
 always a bit loose with her tongue , that one . 
 next thing we know , the reporter was here . 
 i was out shopping , but my idiot husband ... ' ` err , that 's not nice , ' said graham , carrying a tray of tea and fruitcake in . 
 ` what is n't nice , graham , is us being unable to sell this house , because you love being the centre of attention . ' ' 
 i really have to go , ' said violet . 
 the farmer 's had pleading looks in their eyes . 
 ` do you think you can sell our house , miss shaydes ? ' 
 mrs farmer asked . 
 ` i 'll do my very best for you , ' said violet . 
 ` just keep quiet about everything for the time being , ok ? 
 i 'll get back to you as soon as i can . ' 
 chapter 13 ' i hope you got more paint on the walls than you did on yourselves , ' said violet , rescuing the fish and chips from the warm oven . 
 sally said , ` i 'll have you know we have both worked very hard , have n't we , victor ? ' 
 ` sure have , ' said victor getting beers from the fridge and passing them around . ' 
 i just hope it 's all worthwhile . ' 
 ` fingers crossed , ' said violet . 
 ` i 'll go see mrs granger in the morning . ' 
 ` you wo n't have to go far , ' said sally . 
 ` she 's visiting her sister in ben and daphne 's old house . 
 ca n't stand the smell of the paint . 
 she said she might stay over a couple of days until we 've finished . ' 
 ` oh , that 's handy . 
 i 'll go round there to see her . 
 i think that house i went to see will be just right for her . 
 hell of a bloody story , though . 
 a couple found an intruder in the house and the owner and he ended up dead . ' ' 
 i remember hearing about that on the news , about their ghosts , ' said victor . ' 
 i did n't let on i knew about the ghosts , ' said violet . 
 ` they 're very keen to sell . 
 i need to talk to mrs granger first thing . ' 
 after a quick call to mrs alsop in the morning , violet walked down victory crescent and into crabtree lane , then walked up the new path of number twenty-nine and knocked on the door . 
 ` come on in , ' said mrs alsop . 
 ` elizabeth is in the kitchen , talking to harmony . ' 
 ` lovely . ' 
 it was an odd scene at the kitchen table . 
 martin alsop , minus his toupee and now completely bald , was reading a newspaper , and elizabeth granger was talking to harmony shaydes . 
 all three looked at violet as she walked in . 
 ` hi , violet , ' said harmony . ' 
 i have n't seen you in such a long time . ' 
 ` hello , harmony . 
 you look ... well . ' 
 harmony was a slightly glowing blue light and violet could see right through her . 
 she was there for a few more seconds then vanished . 
 ` sorry , ' said violet . ' 
 i did n't mean to scare her away . ' 
 ` she does that , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` any luck finding me a house ? ' 
 violet sat at the table and martin folded the paper away . 
 ` possibly . 
 definitely two ghosts there . 
 i heard them . ' 
 ` how wonderful . 
 you did n't see them ? ' 
 ` thankfully not . 
 they killed each other . ' 
 the alsop 's and elizabeth listened to violet 's account of events . 
 ` right , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` not ideal . 
 there could be a lot of animosity between them . 
 not conducive to me living there happily . ' 
 violet nodded . ' 
 i did wonder about that . 
 i think the best thing for us to do is arrange a visit . 
 the owners are very keen to sell . 
 you could get the place for a good price . 
 it 's a buyers market . ' 
 martin said , ` which means you wo n't get much for elizabeth 's place . ' 
 ` it looks a lot tidier than it did , ' said violet . 
 ` i 'll do what i can . ' 
 ` that bottle green is horrible , ' said elizabeth . ' 
 i did n't want to upset your father after all his hard work , but it 's a shocker . ' 
 violet sighed . 
 if it was n't one thing , it was another . 
 ` my parents are already working hard for just the promise of being paid . 
 we ca n't be forking out for materials as well . ' ' 
 i never expected you to do that , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` but with no money coming in , i have to be very careful . ' 
 mrs alsop said , ` oh , elizabeth . 
 we can help you out . 
 martin . ' 
 ` what are you looking at me for ? ' 
 ` get your wallet out . 
 give elizabeth a hundred . ' 
 ` but ... ' ` martin . ' 
 elizabeth said , ` i 'll not let you pay for my paint . 
 put your wallet away , martin . ' 
 mrs alsop said , ` you 've always been stubborn . 
 you 're my sister . 
 it 's your birthday soon . 
 call it an early present . ' 
 violet said , ` we need a couple of tins of paint to at least do the window-frames . 
 we have to make the place look nice before we put it on the market . ' 
 martin sat hoping he could put his wallet back in his pocket . 
 his wife had other ideas . 
 ` martin ! 
 give violet the money . 
 she 'll buy the paint . ' 
 violet took the money . 
 ` i 'll get receipts for you . 
 just basic white gloss . ' 
 she knew neither parent could be trusted not to spend it on booze . 
 ` i 'll get the paint in the morning . 
 are you available to see the haunted house in the afternoon ? ' 
 ` i 'll be ready . ' 
 chapter 14 ` you want me to paint it all again ? 
 you ca n't be serious . ' ' 
 i do and i am , ' said violet . 
 ` i 'll get the paint in the morning . 
 do n't waste a drop of it . ' 
 victor said , ' i might be busy tomorrow . ' 
 ` you will be . 
 painting the house . ' 
 victor gave up knowing he was beaten . 
 in the morning , violet had bought the paint and handed it to him with a new brush . 
 leaving him to get on with the job , she drove mrs granger to the haunted house in fairmouthe . 
 ` it 's a nice enough area , ' said mrs granger . 
 from the car , they checked out the front of the house . 
 ` very well maintained , inside and out . 
 and it has a garage . ' ' 
 i can never afford this house . ' 
 violet said , ' i think i can get it cheap enough for you . 
 i have a good idea with what we 'll get for your place , we can do this . ' ' 
 i do n't like taking advantage of somebody else 's misfortune . ' 
 ` welcome to the real world . 
 it 's making mrs farmer ill , living here . 
 she 's completely stressed out . 
 you 're her best hope of getting out of here . ' 
 mrs granger took a deep breath . 
 ` ok . 
 but if the ghosts are troublesome , i 'll not be buying . ' 
 they walked up the path and violet rang the bell . 
 a nervous looking mrs farmer invited them in . 
 she had a barely controllable twitch going on with her face which did n't go unnoticed by violet . 
 the whole house gleamed with cleaning . 
 compared to granger 's old place , this was a palace and violet could tell from her expression granger realised it was a good property . 
 now , it was all down to the ghosts of two men who had killed each other , decades earlier . 
 much depended on it . ' 
 a very nice home you have here , mrs farmer . ' 
 ` i 've always been house-proud . 
 is n't it a little ... unconventional bringing a client to see the house with not even a valuation of the property being done ? ' 
 violet had been expecting that . 
 ` it was just a happy coincidence i 'm going to sell mrs granger 's home and she 's looking for something like this . 
 that 's right is n't it , mrs granger ? ' 
 mrs granger was staring at the open doorway that led to the stairs . 
 two ghosts were standing there , but only she could see them . 
 ` oh . 
 yes . 
 a happy coincidence . 
 would it be too much to ask if i could just walk around the place and get a feel for it , so to speak ? ' 
 ` of course , ' said mrs farmer . 
 ` why do n't you and i pop out into the garden , miss shaydes ? 
 let mrs granger look around . ' 
 they went through the french windows into the garden and when violet glanced back , she could see mrs granger , talking to ... something . 
 she was relieved she could n't see what . 
 ` miss shaydes . 
 what about the ghosts . 
 does she ... mrs granger know ? ' 
 ` let 's not worry about that just yet . 
 are n't the roses lovely . ' 
 mrs farmer said , ` miss shaydes . 
 we have n't discussed the price of the house . 
 or even your fees , come to that . ' 
 ` ah ! 
 that 's the thing . 
 see . 
 if mrs granger and you can agree a price , with no advertising costs , or promotion costs , i can be very reasonable with the fees . 
 but . 
 you must be realistic in your expectations . 
 it is a depressed market and , well there is the question of ... you know . ' 
 mrs farmer sighed . ' 
 i do so need to get away from here . ' 
 ` then fingers crossed , mrs farmer . ' 
 chapter 15 mrs granger had shut herself in the stairwell with the ghosts , for a quiet chat . 
 ` right . 
 you . 
 what 's your name ? ' 
 ` fred norton . 
 he killed me . ' 
 ` oh , do put another record on , norton . 
 you were in my house , robbing me and my wife . ' 
 ` and you . 
 what 's your name ? ' 
 ` tom . 
 tom mason . 
 i 'd still be alive if it had n't been for this scum-bag . ' 
 norton snapped , ` you attacked me , you old fool . 
 with a bloody poker . 
 a right old whack on my head you gave me . ' 
 ` oh , i do apologise . 
 of course , i should have just let you take off with my hard earned stuff . ' 
 ` yes . 
 it was just bloody stuff . 
 look at us now . 
 dead . 
 the pair of us . ' 
 norton looked at granger . 
 ` we are dead , right ? 
 only sometimes , it 's hard to be sure . ' 
 granger knew this to be a common problem with ghosts . 
 some of their wiring was n't quite right . 
 ` yes . 
 you are both dead . ' 
 ` what about you ? ' 
 mason asked . 
 ` are you dead ? ' 
 ` no , ' said granger . 
 norton looked at mason who shrugged . 
 ` how can she be sure ? 
 i 'm not sure . 
 you 're not sure . 
 how can she be sure ? ' 
 he looked at granger . 
 ` how do you know you 're not dead ? ' ' 
 i am not dead . 
 you are , i 'm not . 
 now . 
 apart from obviously hating each other , how are you getting along ? ' 
 ` other than being dead , you mean ? ' 
 mason asked . 
 ` yes . 
 apart from that . ' ' 
 i just find it all so very confusing . ' 
 ` trust me . 
 it can be a bit like that for us living . 
 now . 
 i have to decide if i can put up with you two . ' 
 norton said , ` put up with us ? 
 what on earth do you mean ? ' 
 granger thought she spotted a lucid moment in the pair . 
 ` i 'm a medium . ' 
 ` you look more like a large , to me , ' said norton . ' 
 a medium who sees ghosts . 
 i need a ghost to help me with my work . 
 to help me make a living . ' 
 mason said , ` to make a living what ? ' ' 
 i mean to make money , being a medium . ' 
 norton said , ` do we get paid ? ' 
 ` paid ? 
 you 're dead . 
 you do n't need money . 
 i 'm alive and i do . 
 will you work with me , if i live here ? ' 
 mason and norton shared a puzzled look and both shrugged . 
 ` well , ' said norton . 
 ` it is dead boring just hanging around here . 
 that was a little ghost joke . ' 
 ` very little , ' said mason . 
 ` yes . 
 all right then . ' 
 ` good . 
 now then . 
 in a few minutes , i want you two to make as much noise as you can . 
 do you understand ? ' 
 mason said , ` of course . 
 we 're dead , not stupid . 
 what was it you wanted us to do ? ' 
 ` in a few minutes , make a lot of noise . 
 i 'll talk to you later . ' 
 mrs granger went back into the lounge as violet and mrs farmer were coming back from the garden . 
 ` well , mrs granger ? ' 
 asked violet . 
 granger smiled . 
 ` if we can agree a firm price . 
 i have a figure in mind . ' 
 ` go on , ' said mrs farmer . 
 both violet and farmer gasped at the low figure . 
 ` oh , really , ' said mrs farmer . ' 
 i could n't possibly accept ... ' which was the exact second two ghosts made enough noise to wake the dead . 
 ` we have a deal , mrs granger . ' 
 chapter 16 ` you played a blinder , elizabeth . ' 
 ` do n't count your chickens before they hatch . 
 you still have to sell my place . ' 
 violet said , ` true . 
 let 's go see how dad 's getting on with the painting . 
 i want to get it on the market as soon as possible . ' 
 feeling quite elated with how things had gone so far , violet drove over to monkton and parked outside mrs granger 's house . 
 ` well done , dad . 
 i must say it 's a good job . ' 
 ` it does look nice . 
 very professional , ' said mrs granger . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 ` maybe he 's round the back of the house . 
 come on . ' 
 victor shaydes was indeed at the back of the house . 
 ` about bloody time . ' 
 ` dad . 
 what happened ? ' 
 victor was hanging upside down from the top of the ladder , his artificial leg hooked between the rungs . 
 ` what bloody happened ? 
 what do you think bloody happened ? 
 have you any idea how hard it is working on a ladder with an artificial leg ? 
 i slipped . 
 hours i 've been hanging like this . ' 
 mrs granger stared up at victor 's face , purple with the blood flowing into it from hanging upside down . 
 ` how do we get you down ? ' ' 
 i suggest very quickly . 
 i seriously need to go to the toilet . 
 if i were you , i would n't stand there , either . 
 go get the bloody fire service . ' 
 violet was already calling them . 
 ` on their way , dad . 
 just ... hang on . ' 
 eleven minutes later , the fire appliance had arrived and two burly firemen had freed victor and had carried him down , only to have him urinate all over them as they brought him to safety . 
 ` thanks for that , ' said victor . 
 without replying , the two urine soaked men took away their ladders and the fire appliance drove away . ' 
 i do n't think they were too impressed , ' said mrs granger . 
 ` obviously not , ' said victor , glumly . 
 ` it could have been a lot worse , ' said violet . 
 ` at least you finished the painting before you fell . ' 
 victor 's sharp retort was quite unprintable . 
 chapter 17 the following morning , mrs granger , sally and violet shaydes were wondering how to improve the interior even more with a zero budget . 
 the freshly painted walls were pretty good in the lounge and the one bedroom . 
 victor had used every last drop of the emulsion . 
 but it still looked a shabby house . 
 ` not as nice as mrs farmers house , ' admitted granger . 
 ` it 's this carpet , ' said sally . 
 ` it has to go . ' 
 ` oh , right , ' said violet . 
 ` we could n't afford a tin of paint , but we 're supposed to buy new carpet ? ' 
 ` i 'm just telling it how it is . ' 
 ` not helpful , mom . ' 
 violet took photos , carefully avoiding the threadbare carpet . 
 her mother was right . 
 it had to go . 
 they left mrs granger and set off for home . ' 
 i need a drink , ' said sally . 
 ` for once , i might join you . ' ' 
 i finished my booze yesterday . 
 there 's a liquor store around that corner . ' 
 violet turned the corner and followed her mother 's directions . 
 but they saw something very interesting before they reached the store . 
 the town 's one and only hotel , brilliantly called , the monkton hotel . 
 it was clearly being refurbished . 
 all the old fittings were being ripped out and new was going in . 
 ` pull over , ' said sally . 
 ` do you see what i see ? ' 
 ` carpet . 
 loads of it . ' 
 they got out of the car and went over to where two huge steel skips were being filled up by the workmen . 
 ` ladies , ' said a man in a hard hat . 
 ` hi , ' said violet . 
 ` this carpet . 
 is it any good ? ' 
 ` well . 
 some of it not too bad . 
 sort of old fashioned . 
 and it did n't go with the new colour scheme . ' 
 sally leaned into the skip , showing the foreman a lot of her legs . 
 ` this is quality stuff . ' 
 ` looks good from where i 'm standing , ' the foreman said . 
 ` hotels have to use the best . 
 made to last , this was . ' 
 ` and it 's being thrown away ? ' 
 ` yep . 
 after some carpet , are you ? ' 
 violet said , ` for a friend . 
 but she has no money . ' 
 ` right , ' said the foreman , admiring sally 's backside . 
 ` well . 
 if you take plenty , you 'll just have to cut the good stuff out of it and fit it the best you can . ' 
 sally turned around and could see how the man was ogling her breasts under her tight fitting sweater . ' 
 i do n't suppose you could help out a couple of girls , could you ? ' 
 she said , with much pouting and fluttering of eyelashes . 
 ` well , i suppose ... ' from out of the hotel came a muscular young man with a huge roll of carpet over his shoulder . 
 ` this is the last of it , boss . ' 
 ` any good ? ' 
 the foreman asked him . 
 the young man shrugged , which was n't easy with a roll of carpet on his shoulder . ' 
 a few cigarette burns here and there . 
 nothing major . ' 
 the foreman looked at violet 's small car , the roll of carpet and sally 's prominent nipples . 
 ` where is this house , exactly ? ' 
 which was why fifteen minutes later , the foreman and the young man were carrying the carpet into mrs granger 's house , much to her surprise . 
 sally 's legs and breasts had obviously had the desired affect on the foreman , because half an hour later , the old carpet had been taken up and the new carpet expertly laid . 
 ` that looks wonderful , ' said mrs granger . 
 ` what a transformation . ' 
 ` not bad , though i say it myself , ' said the foreman . 
 ` come on lad . 
 we still have a job to finish off . ' 
 the lad carried the threadbare carpet out , to take back to their skip . 
 the foreman said , ` i 'll be off then , ladies . ' 
 ` thank you so much , ' said sally , still pouting . 
 ` my pleasure . 
 bye , then . ' 
 the foreman went off to his van and away they drove . ' 
 i call that a result , ' said violet . 
 ` not quite . 
 i still have to get my booze . ' 
 chapter 18 violet worked her magic on her trusty laptop , uploading the photos to the online property site , writing the blurb , organising her sales campaign for mrs granger 's property , sorting out the legal forms for the farmer property . 
 she was in her element . 
 success was within her grasp . 
 after she had all that done , she made herself a coffee and relaxed for a moment , reflecting on her life and her aspirations . 
 she had everything . 
 almost . 
 a strange but loving family . 
 a career she felt she 'd been born to do . 
 life was good . 
 almost . 
 grandma was right . 
 violet tried to convince herself otherwise , but she was a woman with needs of her own . 
 being busy had given her an excuse not to put herself out there . 
 she could n't remember the last time she had been intimate with a man . 
 or even a boy . 
 it was odd that she had all the confidence to deal with people when it came to buying and selling houses , and yet , to do something about her love life , she knew she would need to apply her positive mental attitude to even attempt it . 
 but what would make her happy ? 
 ` if i was advertising for a man , like he was a house , what would i write ? 
 what 's my ideal ? ' 
 she sipped her coffee ; her imagination running wild . 
 ` man wanted . 
 must be in good condition . 
 well built and maintained . 
 character features , between twenty-four and ... thirty . ' 
 he was beginning to take shape in her mind . 
 she was short , so average height or above would do . 
 no facial hair . 
 she could n't stand beards . 
 assertive , without being domineering . 
 must have two legs , real ones . 
 he must also find short , pear-shaped women with uncontrollable brown hair , totally irresistible . 
 oh ! 
 and also be open minded about family members . 
 especially dead ones . 
 violet went to the front door and stepped out onto the porch . 
 the familiar cloud of smoke wafted over her and she could hear the porch-swing creak back and forth . 
 she looked down the path where the old , termite ruined gate had n't been replaced . 
 in her mind , she could see a dozen young , beardless young men , all with bunches of flowers and chocolates , keen to woo her . 
 ` are you ok ? ' 
 grandma asked . 
 ` just thinking about getting laid . ' 
 ` so was i. ' chapter 19 elizabeth granger still had her doubts . 
 not about the house in fairmouthe , but the ghosts . 
 dead people were far more unreliable than the living , and that was saying something . 
 oh , sure they said they would help and try to get along . 
 once in the house , if it actually happened , she would be totally broke . 
 she needed an income , no matter how modest . 
 people who came to her for help and guidance , inevitably brought a spirit contact with them . 
 although she could see some ghosts , she could n't see them all . 
 she would use her own spirits to contact the clients spirits and between them , try to come up with something useful for them . 
 occasionally , the clients spirit had something important to pass on before they themselves could move on . 
 elizabeth would sit down in the dimly lit room , light classical music in the background , incense sticks burning in an brass ornate holder she 'd bought cheap from a charity shop . 
 after a brief chat with the client , trying to understand their desires , she would relax and clear her mind . 
 hopefully , the client 's spirit or spirits , would appear , wonder why and become confused . 
 they usually calmed down when they saw elizabeth 's guides . 
 the conversations , were often disjointed and banal . 
 typically , it would go ... `` so . 
 how are you ? '' 
 her guides would ask the visiting ghost . 
 `` fine . 
 i suppose . 
 you ? '' 
 `` yeah , you know . 
 ca n't complain . 
 live locally ? '' 
 `` i do n't live anywhere . 
 i 'm dead . '' 
 `` i was speaking metaphorically . 
 or should that be metaphysically ? '' 
 a pause , when most of that would be forgotten . 
 `` so . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` good . 
 good . 
 i see my wife 's here . '' 
 `` she 's your wife ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what 's she doing here ? '' 
 `` no idea . 
 any messages for her ? '' 
 `` messages ? 
 nope . 
 should i have ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 leave any loose ends when you died ? '' 
 `` i 'm dead ? '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` oh . 
 ok , then . 
 can you pass on a message for me ? '' 
 `` you have a message ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 something about a bank account she did n't know about . 
 it 's in both our names . 
 i was saving up for a luxury cruise for years as a surprise . 
 just a little bit each month , but it soon mounted up . '' 
 `` which bank ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , which bank ? '' 
 `` for your account . '' 
 `` come to think about it , you 're right . 
 in the fairmouthe savings bank . 
 how did you know i had an account there ? '' 
 `` you just told me . 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 oh . 
 tell her i love her . 
 i 'm going , now . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 and elizabeth would put those disjointed sentences into something coherent and pass the message on . 
 if the message was spiteful or angry , she would either temper it down or lie and say there was no message . 
 nine times out of ten , the client went home satisfied , or occasionally straight round to the bank , and then she would spread the word to her friends to visit elizabeth granger . 
 that was how things had been for over twenty years , but without her ghosts , it was n't possible . 
 she had tried a few times , getting nowhere without her guides . 
 she needed to go back to the house and talk to the ghosts again , before signing any legal documents . 
 she would call violet and arrange something . 
 chapter 20 an apprehensive mrs farmer agreed to another visit . 
 violet noticed a nervous twitch in the woman 's left eye . 
 graham farmer had been banished to the rose garden , for fear of him saying anything ruining the deal . 
 he watched the women in the lounge through the french windows , snipping blindly at the rose bushes , accidentally severing his tie in the process . 
 mrs farmer asked , ` do you have any particular concerns , mrs granger ? ' 
 ` hmm ? 
 no , not about the house as such . ' 
 the twitch came back . 
 ` not the price ? 
 i could n't possibly ... ' ` ambiance . 
 yes . 
 it 's the feel of the place . 
 it 's such a big decision , buying a house . 
 i just want to ... soak up the atmosphere again . ' 
 ` alone ? ' 
 ` would that be all right ? 
 particularly upstairs . ' 
 mrs farmer said , ` of course . 
 take as long as you like . 
 we 'll just be ... ' ` having a chat with mr farmer , ' offered violet . 
 twitch , twitch . 
 ` yes . 
 mr farmer . ' 
 elizabeth went through the door to the stairs . 
 she did n't see the ghosts . 
 ` tom ? 
 tom ? 
 fred ? ' 
 nothing . 
 she started upstairs . 
 bad move . 
 before she reached the top , the estranged spirits appeared , oblivious she was there , re-enacting their final moments . 
 the men struggled on the top landing and tom brought the poker down on fred 's head , then fred fell against tom and down they tumbled , straight through elizabeth who felt the icy chill as they collapsed into a heap on the bottom landing , tom still holding the poker as his neck was snapped . 
 taking a deep breath to recover her composure , she turned on the stairs , her hands on her hips , not at all impressed . 
 ` and this is you pair getting along , is it ? ' 
 the ghosts floated to their feet , tom straightening his broken neck . 
 ` what 's it to you ? ' 
 fred demanded . 
 ` we had an agreement , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` you two muppets promised me you would bury the hatchet ... ' tom said , ` would a poker do ? ' 
 ` no . 
 you said we would all get on and live together in this house . ' 
 the ghosts tried to make sense of that . 
 ` we did ? ' 
 ` we did , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` ah ! ' 
 exclaimed tom . 
 ` but are we actually , technically , living together ? ' 
 fred said , ` well , we 're not living together . 
 is she ? ' 
 ` is she what ? ' 
 ` living together . 
 what was the question ? ' 
 elizabeth said , ` are we going to try to live and work together , or not ? ' 
 ` or not what ? ' 
 asked tom . 
 ` is there an alternative ? ' 
 ` yes , ' said elizabeth . ' 
 i can walk out of the house and never come back . ' 
 fred said , ` we did sort of promise , tom . ' 
 ` then the answer is yes , ' said tom . 
 ` but what was the question ? ' 
 fred asked . 
 elizabeth suddenly realised . 
 fred died from a severe blow to the head . 
 it was entirely possible , his reasoning abilities could have been severely affected . 
 this could be a snapshot of how living in this house with these two could be for the rest of her life . 
 ` oh ! ' 
 said fred . 
 ` can we live together and work together ? 
 we can do that , ca n't we , tom ? ' 
 ` absolutely , ' said tom . 
 ` right , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` we 'll give it a go . ' 
 ` great , ' said the slightly more lucid tom . 
 ` do you want us to make a lot of noise again for you ? ' 
 ` no . 
 just make a few little noises every now and then until we get the legal stuff done . 
 now move out of my way . 
 and behave yourselves . ' 
 the ghosts parted and with a sigh of relief , elizabeth walked out of the stairwell and happily closed the door on the confused pair . 
 violet and the farmer 's , graham with secateurs in one hand , his mutilated tie in the other , and mrs farmer with a twitch which was completely out of control , now . 
 ` this , ' declared elizabeth , ` is going to be my new home . ' 
 chapter 21 violet wasted no time in getting the paperwork sorted out . 
 that meant one house sold , one to go . 
 when she pulled up outside mrs granger 's , she noticed a pick-up truck was just pulling away . 
 somebody had been checking out the property , having either seen the details on-line , or by seeing the for sale sign nailed to the fence . 
 a promising start . 
 violet was feeling the pressure . 
 she had signed up elizabeth granger to a house but had to sell her own house for enough to cover it . 
 remarkably , her mother had managed to cook a half-way edible meal and some of her father 's home-made red wine went well with it . 
 violet told them how well things had gone so far but did n't minimise her responsibility to mrs granger . 
 ` hey , ' said victor . 
 ` you 're a star . 
 you 'll come up with a buyer . ' 
 grandma had seen the doubt in her granddaughter 's eyes , but said nothing as they ate . 
 later , violet sat on a stool on the porch keeping grandma company . 
 violet did n't refuse when she was passed a joint and drew the smoke in deep into her lungs . 
 she held it in as long as she could and let it out with a cough . 
 ` wan na talk about it ? ' 
 grandma asked . 
 ` what if i ca n't find a buyer for mrs granger 's house ? 
 she 's signed up to buy that other house . 
 i 'm responsible for that . ' 
 ` she 's a grown woman . 
 you 've found her what she wants and got it at a knock-down price . ' 
 ` but ... ' ` you are a professional . 
 you know what you got ta do . 
 this ai n't about your ability . 
 this is about confidence . 
 that joint will help you sleep . 
 first thing you do when you open your eyes in the mornin ' , you say to yourself , right . 
 i got ta house to sell . 
 say it and believe it . 
 then , you get outa bed and sell that damn house . ' 
 ` thanks , grandma . ' 
 violet had to admit , for a permanently stoned old woman , grandma occasionally made sense . 
 violet finished the joint , gave grandma a kiss and took herself off to bed . 
 she did n't hear her grandma say , ` you 're a damned old fool talking crap again . ' 
 chapter 22 violet shaydes did open her eyes . 
 her head still swam from smoking the joint . 
 a part from an urgent need to go to the bathroom , she had a nagging feeling that she had something else to do . 
 ` oh , yeah . 
 i am going to sell that house . 
 come on , shaydes . 
 put some conviction into it . 
 i am going to sell that house ! ' 
 after a shower and `` power dressing '' , violet had the kitchen to herself , the others still in bed . 
 she had a leisurely breakfast . 
 she was the only member of the family with a purpose to get out of bed . 
 armed with her third coffee and her laptop , she went to work . 
 ` number of website views , seven . 
 numbers of potential house viewers , zero . 
 deep breath , violet . 
 positive mental attitude . ' 
 she checked the stats for that month so far . 
 number of house sales per local towns . 
 hillsdown , monkton , fairmouthe . 
 hillsdown , zero . 
 no surprises there . 
 monkton , four . 
 fairmouthe nineteen . 
 and one of those was the farmer 's place . 
 it was n't all doom and gloom . 
 violet checked the general prices again for the houses sold against the actual properties . 
 elizabeth 's house was at the top end of the asking prices . 
 but it was worth it . 
 just . 
 she rechecked the figures again . 
 she was convinced that she had n't set the price too high . 
 high , but not too high . 
 but what was she going to do next ? 
 which was when her phone chimed out . 
 ` shaydes real estate , violet shaydes speaking . 
 right . 
 ok . 
 ten o'clock ? 
 yes . 
 i can be there . 
 mr. . . 
 giles . 
 right . 
 i 'll see you there . ' 
 sally walked in , thankfully in a robe . 
 ` you look excited . ' ' 
 a viewer for the house . 
 ten o'clock . 
 how do i look ? 
 do i look ok ? 
 damn i have to call mrs granger and tell her so she can be ready for us . ' 
 ` violet . 
 calm down . 
 you have plenty of time . 
 call mrs granger and just settle down . ' 
 violet took a deep breath and called mrs granger . 
 ` hi . 
 it 's violet shaydes . 
 we have a viewer for this morning . 
 ten . 
 is that ok ? 
 right . 
 no . 
 just a bit of a tidy up . 
 kitchen and bathroom , that sort of thing . 
 i 'll be there just after nine to give you a hand . 
 yes , fingers crossed . ' 
 she ended the call . 
 ` who 's the viewer ? 
 a couple ? ' 
 ` no idea . 
 a man . 
 he did n't say . 
 somebody was checking the place out yesterday . 
 it could be him . ' 
 sally said , ` you always said women buy houses . 
 men just go along for the ride . ' 
 ` which is true . 
 most men just go along with what their wives say . 
 as long as there is n't too much work to do on a place , they 're happy . ' 
 ` want me to come along ? ' 
 violet said , ` no thanks . 
 too many people in a room makes a place seem smaller . 
 i 'll send mrs granger out while i deal with him . 
 i 'd better be off and give her a hand cleaning up . 
 i want it looking like a new pin . 
 now . 
 are you sure i look ok ? ' 
 ` you look fine . 
 apart from your hair , of course . 
 unfortunately you get that mop from your father . 
 not the bald patch , though . ' 
 ` he can keep that . 
 i have to go . ' 
 sally took her daughter 's hand . ' 
 i am so proud of you . 
 you 're a fine young woman . ' 
 ` thanks , mom . 
 see you later . ' 
 ` good luck . ' 
 violet grabbed her briefcase and hurried out the door . 
 chapter 23 ' i was going to visit my sister , anyway , ' said mrs granger . 
 violet gave the top of the oven a final wipe and took off the rubber gloves . 
 ` i 'll see you there , then . 
 about eleven thirty , give or take . ' 
 ` good luck . ' 
 mrs granger picked up her keys and went out of the front door and drove away . 
 violet looked about the lounge with its shabby furniture . 
 ` i 'm going to need it , ' she said with a sigh . ' 
 the coffee pot was bubbling away , filling the house with a pleasant aroma , when there came a knocking at the front door . 
 mr giles was nothing like she 'd imagined from their conversation on the phone . 
 he was tall , slim , had short , fair wavy hair , had blue eyes and no facial hair and in his late twenties . 
 he also had two real legs . 
 ` hi , ' he said . 
 uncharacteristically , violet was frozen to the spot and speechless . 
 ` hi , ' he tried again . 
 ` you have no beard . ' 
 ` err , right . 
 thanks for noticing . 
 i 'm simon giles . ' 
 ` nice . 
 oh . 
 come in . ' 
 as he passed her , a manly smell wafted over her , with a hint of paco rabanne aftershave . 
 he was wearing a check wool shirt and faded blue jeans . 
 he also had a cute bum . 
 violet forced herself to stop staring at it . 
 ` so . 
 mr giles ... ' ` simon . 
 you 're younger than i expected . ' ' 
 i am ? 
 is that a bad thing ? ' 
 he grinned , which wrinkled up his blue eyes . 
 ` not from where i 'm standing . ' 
 violet felt her cheeks colouring up . 
 ` right . 
 so . 
 looking for a house , are you ? 
 for you and your wife ? ' 
 ` no . 
 that is , i 'm not married . 
 came close once . 
 it did n't happen . ' 
 ` that 's fantastic . 
 i mean , too bad . 
 well . 
 this is the lounge . 
 obviously . ' 
 ` not a bad size . ' 
 simon was looking at violet when he said it . 
 ` kitchen through there ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 they went into the kitchen , violet 's heart beating faster as they stood closer together in the small room . 
 ` units are a bit old , ' said simon . 
 ` but it is clean and functional . 
 quite a lot of storage space and room for a small dining table , as you can see . ' 
 ` what 's through there ? ' ' 
 a small sitting area . 
 ideal for an office . ' 
 ` right . 
 shall we go upstairs ? ' 
 ` yes , please . 
 i mean , of course . 
 after you . ' 
 violet followed simon up the stairs , mesmerised by his bottom . 
 she had to fight the urge to squeeze it . 
 ` three bedrooms ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 two double , one single . ' 
 simon opened the door to each one , checking everything out , ending up in the master bedroom , where mrs granger slept . 
 thankfully , the bed was made and had clean sheets . 
 ` built in wardrobes , ' said violet . 
 simon turned to face her . 
 ` not bad . 
 not bad at all . ' 
 instantly in her mind they were naked on the bed , simon 's lean body wrapped up in her own . 
 he was kissing her neck , his hands were ... ` yes . 
 exactly what i was thinking . ' 
 that grin that wrinkled up his eyes again . 
 he went to the window and opened it , looking out over the back garden . 
 ` useful . ' 
 ` so , ' violet said . 
 ` you like what you see ? ' 
 simon looked her up and down , and she felt goosebumps along her spine . 
 ` what 's not to like ? 
 needs a little t l c , but i know i could do something with it . ' ' 
 i hope so . 
 so . 
 is this the sort of thing you 're looking for ? ' ' 
 i know a good thing when i see it . 
 i think the price is a little high , though . ' 
 violet went into professional mode . 
 ` about right for the condition and the market at the moment . ' 
 ` something to think about . 
 shall we go back downstairs ? ' 
 ` do we have to ? ' 
 she so wanted to push him onto the bed . 
 ` absolutely . ' 
 she followed him back into the lounge . 
 he stood and looked around then he stared at the floor . 
 violet said , ` the carpet is in reasonable condition . ' ' 
 i know it is . 
 it 's out of the hotel my company is refurbishing . 
 it was my foreman who told me this was for sale . ' 
 from his back pocket he took out his wallet and handed her his business card . 
 ` giles renovation company . 
 we do a lot of property up in this area . 
 i 'm always looking for places to do up . ' 
 ` i. . . 
 i see . 
 look . 
 about the carpet ... ' ` it does n't matter . 
 i admire people who can see an opportunity . ' 
 violet said , ` thank you . 
 look . 
 about the price . 
 there really is n't much room to manoeuvre . ' 
 ` there 's always room to manoeuvre . 
 why do n't we explore things a little deeper . 
 perhaps over dinner ? ' 
 ` you are asking me out ? ' 
 simon shrugged . 
 ` i 'm willing if you are . ' ' 
 i am so willing . 
 i mean , as one professional to another . ' 
 ` tonight ok ? 
 say , seven thirty ? ' 
 violet said , ` i 'll be ready . ' 
 chapter 24 violet did n't recall the drive to mrs alsop 's house . 
 she was n't even surprised to see her mother there . 
 apart from martin alsop , they were all there . 
 elizabeth granger was on tenterhooks , waiting for the news . 
 naturally , it was sally who asked the question . 
 ` out with it , violet . 
 is he interested ? ' ' 
 i bloody hope so . 
 he 's gorgeous . ' 
 the women looked askance at each other . 
 elizabeth said , ` and the house ? ' 
 ` what house ? 
 oh ! 
 sorry . 
 yes . 
 right . 
 well . 
 some arm wrestling to do . 
 at least i hope some wrestling . ' 
 mrs alsop said , ` violet . 
 what the hell are you talking about ? ' 
 ` ah ! 
 right . 
 simon ... ' sally said , ` simon , is it ? 
 interesting . 
 go on . ' 
 ` mr giles , mother , happens to be a property developer . 
 by the way . 
 that nice green carpet ? 
 his outfit is doing up that hotel . 
 anyway . 
 he wants the house to do up for a profit . ' 
 ` not at my expense he is n't , ' mrs granger said . 
 ` of course not . 
 you need all that money to buy the other house , ' said violet . 
 ` that 's why i 'm going out with him tonight . ' 
 ` you have a date ? ' 
 gasped sally . 
 violet said , ` do n't look so surprised . 
 this is completely professional . ' 
 ` and he 's gorgeous with his own business ? ' 
 sally said . 
 ` and single , ' said violet . 
 ` well , ' said sally . 
 ` if nothing else , you have a good chance of getting laid . ' 
 chapter 25 a very long and hot soak in the bath , after much shaving and trimming , had violet thinking all manner of possibilities , few of them to do with house sales . 
 three washes with anti-frizz shampoo and copious amounts of conditioner , were wasted on the brown thatch on violet 's head . 
 her mother , naturally , stepped into the breach . 
 ` you were swapped at birth , ' said sally . 
 ` it 's the only explanation . ' 
 not the first time had violet heard that and she replied , ` gee whiz , mom . 
 thanks for the confidence boost . ' 
 ` doctors have such dodgy handwriting . 
 easy to make a mistake . ' 
 violet snorted , ` i 'm a mistake now , am i ? ' 
 ` only your hair and tits . 
 both of which you got from your father . 
 nothing to do with me . 
 i mean , hello ! 
 look at these melons . ' 
 violet said , ' i have to look at them frequently , unfortunately . ' 
 ` jealousy will get you nowhere . 
 but that hair . 
 it is hair , right ? 
 not like an explosion in a mattress factory ? 
 no rare eagles in there ? 
 because if he runs his fingers through your hair , something might bite them off . ' 
 ` i 'm trying to get me ready , if you do n't mind . ' 
 sally said , ` you do have a push up bra , right ? 
 i 'm not saying you actually have anything to push up , but if you do , he might not notice your hair . ' 
 ` you know very well i do have some underwear to help in that region . ' ' 
 a few pairs of your father 's socks might help . 
 not that he has many socks , him only having one leg . 
 you know the old saying . 
 what god 's forgotten , can be filled with cotton . ' 
 violet found the very idea of stuffing her bra with her father 's socks quite repugnant , especially while she was wearing it . 
 ` i 'm going for the natural look . ' 
 sally shook her head . 
 ` big mistake . 
 now , i could get away with it . 
 you 've got no chance . 
 we have to balance you up a bit . 
 i mean , that backside of yours . 
 you leave a room , it follows you out ten minutes later . ' 
 ` mom . 
 i 've one hour to get ready . ' 
 ` so much to do , so little time . 
 are you sure he fancied you ? ' 
 violet said , ` there was ... chemistry . ' 
 ` right . 
 it could be more to do with physics than chemistry . 
 like , i suppose if there 's a power cut , something could happen , know what i mean ? ' 
 ` mom . 
 seriously . 
 i do like him . ' 
 sally sighed . 
 ` then we 'll work with what you 've got . 
 whatever that is . ' 
 what they ended up with , was a lovely young woman who may not have made the cover of vogue magazine , but was still all woman . 
 of course , the rest of the family had to have their say . 
 ` wow , ' said victor . 
 ` grandma says you 're off to get laid . 
 congratulations . ' 
 ` this is just about business and a pleasant evening , ' said violet . 
 grandma said , ` she is so getting laid . ' 
 sally said , ` after the work i 've done on her , she 'd better get laid . ' 
 victor said , ` whatever you do , do n't disappoint your mother and grandma . 
 if you can jump his bones and get laid ... ' ` dad ! ' 
 ` i 'm just saying ... ' ` well , do n't . ' 
 violet was n't ashamed of her family , but she knew they were the sort of relatives to drip-feed to prospective boyfriends . 
 so , she waited on the porch , not wanting to invite the unsuspecting prospect any further than the end of the path where the gate used to be . 
 it was already dark when the pick-up truck pulled up . 
 ` go get yourself laid , ' said grandma . 
 ` we 'll not wait up . ' 
 ` go get him , tiger , ' said sally . ' 
 i slipped some protection in your purse . ' 
 ` you get stuck in there , ' said victor . 
 ` have fun . ' 
 chapter 26 fairmouthe was n't exactly las vegas , but toni 's was the best in fine dining in the city . 
 it was a two hat restaurant , and impossible to get in without booking up three weeks in advance . 
 that did n't seem to be a problem for simon giles . 
 the waiters were tumbling over themselves to accommodate them . 
 simon ordered with confidence . 
 ` well . 
 this is nice , ' said simon . 
 ` and i love what you 've done with your hair . ' 
 ` you mean world war three ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 but it suits you . ' 
 it was his his eyes , violet decided . 
 or his lips . 
 or his manner and personality . 
 or ... ` do you come here often ? ' 
 she blurted . 
 ` crap . 
 i ca n't believe i just said that . ' 
 simon laughed . ' 
 i like the food . 
 but i really think you meant , do i wine and dine other women here . ' 
 ` and do you ? ' 
 ` ah ! 
 from time to time . 
 but you want to know , is there anyone serious in my life . ' 
 ` and is there ? ' 
 simon sipped his wine , then he took hold of violet 's hand . ' 
 i sincerely hope so . ' ' 
 i ca n't believe you just said that . ' 
 simon shrugged and said , ` because we just met ? 
 i ca n't be instantly attracted to you ? ' 
 ` maybe . ' 
 simon sighed and leaned back in his chair . ' 
 i was engaged . 
 for quite a long time , really . 
 in the end , i realised i was just going through the motions . 
 i was very fond of her , but could n't love her as she deserved to be loved . 
 no real depth to our relationship . 
 we actually had a splitting up party . 
 all our friends came round and congratulated us for breaking up . 
 quite surreal in a way . ' 
 ` that is so nice . 
 i mean that you can end a relationship so nicely . ' 
 ` these things happen . 
 no need to make a drama out of it . 
 what about you ? 
 you must have had a few boyfriends . ' 
 violet said , ` not according to my grandma . 
 but then i could never compete with a gang-banging groupie from the sixties . ' 
 ` such vivid imagery . 
 i 'll do my best to obliterate it from my memory . ' 
 ` not easy . 
 i have to live with it . ' 
 the food arrived and they ate and chatted . 
 reluctantly , violet ventured into the realms of property speculation . 
 ` that house is worth the asking price , simon . ' 
 ` not to me it is n't . ' 
 ` we ca n't let it go for much less . ' 
 simon said , ` plenty of similar houses in the area for less money . ' 
 ` if you say so . 
 go buy one of those , then . ' 
 after an awkward pause , simon said , ` this one means that much to you ? ' 
 ` no . 
 yes . 
 it means that much to my client . 
 i 've no margin . 
 if the price is n't right for you , ok . 
 i 'll find another buyer . ' 
 simon said , ` you 're true to your client . 
 i respect that . 
 you are somebody i can do business with . 
 you just sold a house . ' ' 
 i have ? ' 
 ` i 'll break even at that price . 
 but i have a feeling we 'll be doing a lot of business together . 
 you are a straight shooter and i appreciate that . ' 
 violet smiled . 
 ` then we have a deal ? ' 
 ` we have a deal . ' 
 after their meal , they went outside . 
 light traffic went one way , then another . ' 
 i want to see you again , ' said simon . 
 ` so do i. ' ` this is awkward . ' 
 ` it is ? ' 
 ` hey , ' said simon . 
 ` this is the stage in the evening when i might say , come back to mine for a nightcap , but it is n't that simple . ' 
 ` it could be . ' 
 simon gently stroked violet 's cheek . ' 
 i so want to . 
 but there 's something ... ' he stopped and just looked into her eyes . 
 the smile had gone and he just looked sad . 
 ` come on . 
 i 'll take you home . ' 
 they drove home in silence until they pulled up outside violet 's home . 
 simon turned the motor off and just stared out of the windscreen . 
 violet said , ` i 'd invite you in , but ... ' ` hey . 
 one step at a time , right ? ' 
 they sat in the pick-up , just the half moon casting rippling shadows of light through the windows . 
 there was an anxiety in simon that violet had n't felt before and it worried her . 
 ` is there something wrong ? ' 
 violet dared to ask . 
 a protracted pause followed . 
 violet was becoming uncomfortable and more than a little nervous . 
 ` i 'd better go . ' 
 she pulled on the lever of the door , then simon suddenly grabbed her wrist . 
 ` please do n't go . ' 
 ` simon . 
 you 're hurting me . ' 
 simon let her hand go . ' 
 i am so sorry . 
 hey . 
 look ... ' ' i really think i should go , now . ' 
 ` oh , crap . 
 i 've frightened you . ' 
 violet was frightened , and confused . 
 ` i. . . 
 thanks for a lovely evening . 
 goodnight . ' 
 ` violet , please . ' 
 violet yanked the door open and then slammed it shut . 
 in the headlights from the pick-up , she ran up the path and let herself in . 
 behind her , the engine of the pick-up revved up and simon drove away . 
 chapter 27 ` it was probably your hair . ' 
 her family were all staring at her in a most disconcerting way . ' 
 i do n't want to talk about it , mom . ' 
 violet had n't slept well , trying to understand how a wonderful evening had ended so badly . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 victor asked . 
 he did n't like seeing his daughter looking so unhappy . 
 ` nothing happened . 
 we 'd had a great night at toni 's ... ' ` he 's doing ok if he can afford places like that , ' said sally . 
 ` sorry . 
 go on . ' 
 ` well . 
 he 'd agreed to buy the house at the asking price . 
 even suggested we could do some business together , and we were getting along fine . ' 
 ` so , you did n't get laid ? ' 
 grandma asked . 
 ` no . 
 and i would n't have , not on the first date . 
 i did n't want him to think i was ... ' ` desperate ? ' 
 sally said . 
 ` too easy , ' said violet . 
 ` we both wanted to take our time to get to know each other . 
 anyway , he drove me back here . 
 we just sat for awhile . 
 i was thinking , is he going to kiss me . ' 
 ` did you want him to kiss you ? ' 
 victor asked . 
 ` why did n't you just kiss him ? ' 
 ` men ! ' 
 sally said , ` it was up to him to make the first move . 
 he did n't try to kiss you ? ' 
 ` heck , ' said grandma . 
 ` did n't even get to first base . ' ' 
 i wanted him to kiss me , ' said violet . 
 ` all night i 'd wanted him to kiss me . 
 but he just sat and stared out the window . 
 i could feel he was wanting to say something , something that was troubling him . ' 
 victor snapped . ' 
 i bet the dirty dog is married . 
 that 's what it was . ' 
 ` no , ' said violet . 
 ` at least i do n't think so . 
 he was engaged for some time , but they broke up . 
 something was n't right . 
 it made me nervous . 
 i told him i 'd better go . ' 
 ` is that a bruise on your wrist ? ' 
 snapped victor . 
 ` it bloody well is . 
 he hurt you . ' 
 sally said , ` he did that to you ? ' 
 ` wait until i get my hands on him , ' said victor . 
 ` no man hurts my daughter and gets away with it . ' 
 violet said , ' i do n't think he meant to hurt me . 
 he said he was sorry . ' 
 ` he will be when i catch hold of him , ' snarled victor . 
 ` honestly , dad . 
 maybe he just does n't know his own strength . 
 i 'm sure it was n't intentional . ' 
 sally said , ` just forget about him . ' 
 on the verge of tears , violet said , ' i wish i could . ' 
 violet 's phone chimed out and she looked at it . 
 ` it 's him . 
 a message from simon . ' 
 ` ignore him , ' said sally . 
 violet deleted the message without reading it . 
 a minute later , another message came through . 
 again violet deleted it . 
 this was followed by a third , then that was the last . ' 
 i ca n't keep ignoring him , ' said violet . ' 
 i need him to buy that house . ' 
 ` true , ' said sally . 
 ` but let him stew for awhile . 
 if he calls back later , answer him . ' 
 ` but do n't you go calling him , ' advised grandma . 
 ` he 's the one who should be chasing after you , not the other way round . ' 
 ` ok , ' said violet . 
 ` just let me be for the time being . 
 i still have a business to run . ' 
 grandma took off for the porch with cyclops , sally went off shopping for groceries and victor went to the `` man cave '' to do stuff . 
 violet settled at the table and started up her laptop to check if there had been any more interest in mrs granger 's house . 
 unfortunately , there had n't . 
 as she sat wondering what to do next , the email signal chimed . 
 she checked it in case it was a potential customer . 
 it was simon . 
 she read it . 
 `` hi . 
 please do n't delete . 
 i 'm sorry i frightened you last night . 
 i did n't mean to hurt your arm . 
 please forgive . 
 i had a lot on my mind and i hope you 'll give me another chance . 
 i 'll be at the monkton hotel most of the day if you are in that area . '' 
 violet read it twice , then pressed delete . 
 chapter 28 violet was on her way to see mrs granger in monkton . 
 to get there , meant driving along the high-street . 
 she paused at the traffic lights , knowing that the monkton hotel , was to the right . 
 her emotions were in a turmoil , wondering what to do . 
 the lights changed , but she did n't notice . 
 an impatient driver behind her blasted his horn , and as the lights changed again , she drove right . 
 several workmen were sitting on the steps of the hotel , taking a break and eating . 
 she parked and crossed the road to them . 
 violet recognised the foreman . 
 ` hello again , young lady . ' 
 ` hi . 
 is simon about ? ' 
 ` he 's inside . 
 i 'll call him . ' 
 the foreman got up and yelled through the door . 
 ` simon . 
 a lady asking after you . ' 
 a minute later , simon appeared , covered in dust . 
 he took off his dust mask and goggles and looked at violet . 
 the men on the steps were looking from simon to violet and back again . 
 ` violet . 
 i am so ... ' with the men 's ears flapping , simon knew this was n't the place . 
 ` eddie . 
 i 'm just going to the bar over the road . 
 you carry on where i left off , after your break . ' 
 ` no worries , simon . ' 
 ` can we go and have a chat , please ? ' 
 simon whispered to violet . 
 ` well , i do have somewhere to go . ' 
 ` please ? ' 
 ` ok . ' 
 they crossed the road and simon held the door open for her . 
 the pub was a blue collar watering hole , and being early , only had a couple of customers propping up the bar . 
 simon ordered orange juice for two , as they were both driving afterwards . 
 they took their drinks to a quiet corner table , neither sure what to say . 
 simon eventually kicked it off . 
 ` violet . 
 i 'm so sorry about last night . ' 
 ` what was that all about ? ' 
 simon sighed . 
 ` it 's complicated . ' 
 ` just tell me one thing . 
 are you married ? ' 
 ` what ? 
 no . 
 i told i was n't . 
 what made you think ... ah ! 
 i get it . 
 no . 
 honestly . 
 i 'm not married . ' 
 violet believed him . 
 ` ok . 
 but you seemed to change so suddenly . 
 i did n't know what to think . ' 
 simon noticed the bruise on her arm . ' 
 i did that to you . 
 i 'm such an idiot . ' 
 ` no argument from me about that . ' 
 ` ouch ! 
 i deserved that . 
 it 's just ... violet . 
 i said i was engaged . 
 i said i was engaged for a long time ? ' 
 violet wondered what was coming next . 
 ` yes . 
 you said you finished it . 
 even had a party . ' 
 ` true . 
 all true . 
 but she has n't quite gone away . ' 
 ` she wants you to get back together ? ' 
 simon sipped his juice as he chose his words . 
 ` in a manner of speaking . 
 we lived together for about three years . 
 i was really fond of her , but i did n't love her the way she loved me . 
 when we split up , she was putting on a brave face . 
 i was too dumb to realise that . 
 she was in the process of moving out , going back to her parents place . 
 i was working when i got the news . 
 tania , that 's her name , was in a car crash driving to her parents place with some of her stuff . 
 she was still alive when the paramedics arrived . 
 tania crashed because she was so upset at us splitting up . 
 her last words ... ' simon began to sob , tears streaming down his face . 
 violet felt his anguish and held his hand . 
 simon continued . 
 ` tania 's last words were to the paramedics . 
 she said , `` tell simon i love him . '' 
 and then she died . 
 twenty-four , and she died . ' 
 ` oh , simon . ' 
 ` it does n't end there . 
 this is where you think i 'm crazy and walk out on me for good , and i would n't blame you . 
 tania has n't gone . 
 not completely . 
 shortly after the funeral , her ... i do n't know . 
 what would you call it ? 
 her spirit came back to my house . 
 not all the time , but more often than not . 
 my home is haunted by my fiancé . 
 for more than a year this has been going on . 
 how can i move on with her still around ? ' 
 violet said , ` you 've not dated since then , have you ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i 've taken out a couple of girls , but i 'm trapped . 
 last night . 
 in the restaurant , i felt so good . 
 you , me . 
 then when i drove you home , i wanted to kiss you so much . ' 
 ` and that 's what i wanted , too . ' 
 simon said , ` how can i have a relationship ? 
 how could i expect a woman to understand ? ' 
 ` maybe i understand more than you think . 
 do n't give up on us just yet . ' 
 ` violet ? ' 
 ` that kiss . 
 i want it now . ' 
 simon gasped . 
 ` here ? 
 now ? ' 
 ` here and now . 
 and make it a good one . ' 
 they looked into each others eyes , then simon kissed violet , passionately on the lips . 
 ` that will do for me , ' said violet , when they came up for air . ' 
 i have to go . ' 
 ` you and me ? 
 we 're still on ? ' 
 violet stood up . 
 ` one step at a time , right ? 
 but we can try . 
 listen . 
 that house ? ' 
 ` i 'll take it . 
 full price . 
 but this ghost ... ' ` i 'm off to see an expert . 
 call me in the morning . ' 
 violet was smiling again . 
 she practically skipped up the path to the front door . 
 she rang the bell . 
 ` elated , ' said elizabeth granger , when she opened the door . 
 ` that 's how you look . 
 elated and glowing . 
 come in . ' 
 ` thanks , ' said the glowing , elated violet . 
 ` have i got news for you . ' ' 
 i do n't know . 
 have you ? ' 
 violet grinned . 
 ` simon giles is paying the full asking price for your house . ' 
 ` oh , good heavens . 
 that is such good news . 
 i have to say , i could see it all slipping away from me . 
 you are such a star . 
 you 've found me a new home , complete with willing spirits , and you 've sold this place for top money . 
 well done , violet . 
 well done . ' 
 violet said , ` i 'm glad you 're pleased , because i so need your help . ' 
 ` anything . 
 if i can help you , i will . 
 what is it , violet ? ' 
 violet put the kettle on as she explained everything to elizabeth . 
 it took two mugs of tea each and half a packet of ginger nut biscuits to get the sad story out . 
 the implications of that story was the potential end to violet 's love-life dry spell , which had lasted long enough to put the sahara down to a size that would fit into an hourglass . 
 they also had to formulate a plan of action . 
 chapter 29 ` he has a ghost ? ' 
 sally asked . 
 ` one he was engaged to . 
 when she was alive , i mean . 
 i 'm going round there in the morning with mrs granger . 
 it all makes sense , now . ' 
 ` ironic , really , ' said victor . 
 ` simon has a place with a ghost that mrs granger was looking for , and he wanted a house to do up . 
 they could have just swapped houses . ' 
 ` leaving me without a double commission . 
 brilliant . 
 remind me not to hire you for my marketing manager . ' 
 sally said , ` so , you really must be keen on this simon . ' ' 
 i just want the chance to find out . 
 he 's good looking , articulate , successful . 
 what 's not to like ? ' 
 ` then all you got ta do is get rid of the dead girlfriend and you can get laid , ' said grandma . 
 violet said , ` that 's one way of putting it . ' 
 at eleven o'clock the following morning , mrs granger and violet pulled up in their cars outside simon granger 's house in fairmouthe . 
 ` too modern for my taste , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` but simon is half my age , i suppose . 
 different tastes . 
 a very nice house , though . ' 
 violet said , ` simon 's had the day off to meet us . 
 there 's his vehicle . 
 ok . 
 let 's see what we can do . ' 
 violet knocked on the door and simon answered it . 
 ` thank you so much for coming , mrs granger . ' 
 ` no promises , simon . 
 but i 'll do all that i can for you . ' 
 they went inside , and simon closed the door . 
 ` is it always this cold ? ' 
 violet said , shivering . 
 simon said , ` believe it or not , the heating is turned right up to maximum . ' 
 ` ghosts can do that to a place , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` simon . 
 tell me something . 
 do you actually see this ghost ? ' 
 ` tania ? 
 not really . 
 but i feel her presence . 
 like the cold in here now . 
 i know she 's here . 
 sometimes , i hear her voice . 
 it sort of sounds like the wind blowing through trees . 
 that sort of sound . 
 but it is more than that . 
 i can hear her speaking to me . 
 she 'll say things like , `` simon . 
 i love you . 
 we are still together '' . 
 then she 'll go for a few hours . ' 
 ` she used to sit on that sofa , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` the right hand side . ' 
 ` yes , ' said simon . 
 ` and at times , she would stretch out , listening to her ipod , or reading a book . ' 
 ` hello , tania , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` do n't be afraid . ' 
 violet followed elizabeth 's gaze . 
 ` you can see tania ? ' 
 ` almost as clearly as i can see you two . 
 she looks so sad and lonely . 
 let me talk with her alone . ' 
 simon took violet 's hand and led her into the kitchen and he closed the door behind them . 
 ` is she for real ? 
 can she see tania ? ' ' 
 i believe so . 
 simon . 
 she 's the best chance you have . 
 the best chance we have . ' 
 simon wrapped his arms about violet and kissed her . 
 ` then this just has to work . ' 
 in the lounge , elizabeth sat on the sofa with the ghost . 
 ` tania . 
 look at me , tania . ' 
 ` you can see me ? ' ' 
 i can see and hear you . 
 so sad . 
 how beautiful you were . ' 
 tania said , ` who was that girl with my simon ? ' 
 ` she 's a friend of mine . 
 her name is violet . ' ' 
 i do n't like her . 
 she wants my simon . ' 
 elizabeth smiled . 
 ` yes . 
 and he wants her . ' 
 ` she ca n't have him . 
 he 's mine . ' 
 ` no , tania , ' elizabeth said , softly . 
 ` not any more . 
 do you remember the accident . 
 in the car ? ' 
 tania seemed not to hear for a moment . 
 ` tania . 
 listen to me . 
 do you remember that accident ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 i. . . 
 something ... happened to me . ' 
 there was only one way to say it . 
 ` tania . 
 you died in that accident . 
 it was a terrible waste of a young life , but these things happen . ' 
 ` are you saying i 'm dead ? ' 
 ` i 'm afraid you are . 
 come with me . ' 
 tania followed elizabeth to the fireplace wall , on which hung a huge mirror . 
 ` look in the mirror . 
 tell me what you see . ' ' 
 i do n't understand . ' 
 elizabeth said , ` the mirror , tania . 
 tell me what you see . ' 
 tania looked . 
 ` i. . . 
 i see you , of course . ' 
 ` anything else ? ' 
 ` no . 
 what else should i see ? ' 
 ` tania . 
 do you see yourself ? ' 
 tania stared at the mirror . 
 ` no . 
 i only see you . 
 what does that mean ? ' 
 ` it means you are not here . 
 not really . 
 you are here in spirit form . 
 you are here because your love for simon keeps you here . ' ' 
 i do love simon . ' 
 elizabeth sighed . ' 
 i know you do . 
 tell me how much you love him . ' 
 ` oh . 
 i love him so much . 
 but he did n't feel about me as i do about him . ' 
 ` he was very fond of you . ' 
 ` but he never really loved me . ' 
 elizabeth said , ` he told you in the end . 
 and you loved him enough to let him go . 
 you must do that one last time . 
 let him go . 
 let him be , to live his life and fall in love again . ' 
 tania was still staring at the mirror , only seeing the woman standing by her side . 
 she could not see herself . 
 she realised the truth at last . ' 
 i must go . ' 
 ` yes , tania . 
 you must . ' 
 tania said , ' i must say goodbye to him . ' 
 ` wait here . ' 
 elizabeth went to the kitchen door and quietly opened it . 
 with her hand , she called simon into the lounge . 
 violet was about to follow , but elizabeth signalled for her to stay in the kitchen , which she did . 
 elizabeth gently closed the door . 
 ` simon , ' elizabeth whispered . 
 ` tania understands , now . 
 she 's ready to move on . ' 
 simon looked about the room . 
 ` is ... is she here ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 come with me . ' 
 elizabeth took hold of simon 's hand and led him to the middle of the lounge , where tania waited . 
 ` she is right in front of you . 
 tania ? ' 
 ` oh , simon . 
 i love you so much . 
 why could n't you love me ? ' 
 elizabeth said , ` tania . 
 it was n't meant to be . 
 you must say goodbye to him and let him go . ' 
 tania was looking at a man who could not see her . 
 she glanced at the mirror again , but all she could see was simon and elizabeth . 
 then she looked at simon again . 
 ` simon . 
 i will always love you , but i have to go now . 
 goodbye my love . ' 
 elizabeth said , ` simon . 
 say goodbye to tania . ' 
 ` tania . 
 i wish i could have loved you like you wanted . 
 i tried . 
 i really did . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 goodbye , tania . ' 
 simon felt tania 's icy fingers on his cheek , then the soft , cold kiss of a ghost on his lips . 
 ` goodbye , simon . ' 
 ` goodbye , tania . ' 
 and then , tania was gone . 
 chapter 30 four months later the classical music played softly in the background and the scented sticks filled the air with jasmine . 
 the heating was on full , but the room was chilly with two ghosts in it . 
 elizabeth sat at the table , her eyes closed , completely relaxed . 
 the middle aged man fidgeted nervously , his pudgy hands clenched on his chest , his eyes darting all over the room . 
 ` mr carling . 
 you must try to relax . 
 you are letting off too much negative energy . 
 take a deep breath and calm down . ' 
 ` he 's a right old bag of nerves , ' said fred norton . 
 ` anyone would think he 'd seen a ghost , ' said tom mason . 
 ` is n't he supposed to bring one with him ? ' 
 said fred . 
 tom shrugged . 
 ` they usually do . 
 maybe he has n't got one . ' 
 ` got one what ? ' ' 
 a damn ghost . 
 concentrate . ' 
 fred said , ' i would . 
 but some dirty big ox bashed my head in with a poker . ' 
 ` shush . 
 one 's coming through . ' 
 ` what 's coming through ? 
 hey . 
 look . 
 there 's a ghost over there . ' 
 the visiting spirit was that of an elderly man . 
 he was very large and immaculately attired . 
 he had a neatly trimmed moustache , and wore heavy framed spectacles . 
 ` where the hell is this place ? ' 
 the man demanded . 
 ` and what the hell is he doing here ? 
 nigel . 
 good grief , man . 
 look at the state of you . 
 you look like you 've seen a ghost . ' 
 fred said , ` that 's what you said , tom . 
 did n't you just say that , tom ? 
 you said anyone would think he 'd seen a ghost . ' 
 ` who the hell are you , you blithering idiot ? ' 
 ` fred norton , ' said fred . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 ` who am i ? 
 who the hell am i ? ' 
 fred said , ` yes . 
 who the hell are you ? ' 
 ` i , my good man , am alexander carling of carling enterprises . 
 founder and chief executive officer . 
 at least i was , until i had a damn heart attack . 
 this useless lump , my son , took over the company when i died . 
 the damn place will go to the wall with this clown in charge . ' 
 elizabeth opened one eye and looked about the room . 
 ` is he here ? ' 
 ` yes , ' said tom . 
 ` ca n't you see him ? ' ' 
 a bit fuzzy . ' 
 ` who is she calling fuzzy ? 
 damned cheek of the woman . ' 
 tom said , ` you 're just a little ... indistinct , she means . 
 on account of you being dead . ' 
 nigel carling asked , ` is my father here yet ? ' 
 ` yes , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` what is it you need to know ? ' 
 ` do i sell the company to the anderson group or not ? ' 
 alexander snapped , ` what ? 
 sell my company ? 
 the one i built up over sixty years ? 
 sell it to those thieving lot of scallywags ? ' 
 ` is that a no , then ? ' 
 said tom . 
 ` of course he should damn well sell . 
 this pathetic idiot will bankrupt my company within six months . 
 sell , man , sell . '' 
 elizabeth said , ` what did he say ? 
 i did n't quite catch it ? ' 
 tom said , ` the pathetic idiot should sell to the anderson group . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` that 's what he said , ' replied fred . 
 ` pathetic idiot . ' 
 ` about selling , i meant . ' 
 ` yes , ' said tom . 
 ` sell while it 's still worth anything . ' 
 elizabeth said , ` mr carling . 
 you father wishes you to sell . ' ' 
 i knew it , ' said nigel . 
 ` for how much ? ' 
 ` how much ? ' 
 snapped alexander . 
 ` no less than five million . 
 more if you can get it . ' 
 tom said , ` five million at least . 
 more if he can get it . ' 
 ` at least five million , ' repeated elizabeth . 
 nigel gasped . 
 ` really ? 
 as much as that ? ' 
 ` so it seems , mr carling , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` is that what you wanted to know ? ' 
 carling got up as his father vanished . 
 tom and fred walked through the door to the stairs to kill each other again . ' 
 i feel such a relief , ' said nigel . ' 
 i wanted to make sure i was doing the right thing by my father . ' 
 ` so , now you know . 
 that will be ... ' elizabeth was about to say her usual fifty , but she was looking at a pathetic idiot who was about to become very rich . 
 ` one hundred . ' 
 nigel happily handed over the money , then she let him out the front door . 
 violet and simon were just getting out of violet 's car as carling drove away . 
 ` come in , come in . 
 thank heavens that 's over . ' 
 violet and simon both gave elizabeth a kiss on her cheek and they went into the lounge . 
 simon said , ` it 's freezing in here . 
 been busy with ghosts ? ' 
 ` i 've had three of them in here . 
 i 'm positively drained . 
 i 'll make us a nice cup of coffee . ' 
 they sat in the lounge , glad of the warming coffee . 
 elizabeth said , ' i do n't need my powers to tell that you two look happy together . ' 
 violet squeezed simon 's hand . 
 ` very happy . 
 we 're off on a holiday together . 
 not sure where just yet . 
 somewhere warm and sunny . ' 
 ` that 's wonderful . ' 
 simon said , ` the hotel is finished , so we 've been paid for the job . 
 and we 've a big project to get into when we come back from holiday . ' 
 ` that sounds so exciting , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` do you know the old power station outside of monkton ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 simon said , ` we 've bought it . 
 they were about to demolish it , and that would have cost the power company a fortune . 
 it made more sense for them to sell it cheap to us . 
 we 're going to convert it into twenty apartments . ' 
 ` and i 'm going to sell them for us , ' said violet . 
 ` i 'm delighted for you both . 
 and my word , violet shaydes . 
 is that an engagement ring on your finger ? ' 
 violet laughed . ' 
 i thought you would never notice . 
 i 've been waving my hand around like i was swatting wasps . ' 
 simon said , ` that 's why we are here . 
 to invite you to the wedding . 
 just a registry office wedding . 
 we ca n't afford a big white wedding , because we 've sunk everything into the project . ' 
 ` good heavens . 
 what 's brought this on ? ' 
 ` love , ' said violet . 
 ` that and the fact we are having a baby . ' 
 simon grinned . 
 ` we 're over the moon about it . ' 
 ` that 's wonderful news . 
 i 'm delighted for you both . ' 
 ` well , ' said violet . 
 ` it would never have happened had it not been for you . 
 so if it 's a girl , she 'll be named elizabeth . ' 
 ` named after me ? 
 i am honoured . ' 
 violet and simon got up to leave . 
 ` we have to get going , ' said violet . 
 ` we 've so much to organise . 
 we just wanted to tell you in person . ' 
 ` oh , thank you both . 
 you are going to make great parents . 
 you 'll have a wonderful life together . ' 
 elizabeth watched as the happy young couple drove away . 
 ` wonderful , ' said elizabeth . 
 ` just wonderful . ' 
 the end . 
 hi . 
 many thanks for reading my novella . 
 it surprises me how popular ghosts and other family has been . 
 people wanted to know what happened to violet and her family , and so did i. will there be more ? 
 maybe another next year . 
 we shall see . 
 but , if you really like ghosts and feisty young women , give dusty miller # 1 a try . 
 i have added the first two chapters at the end of this . 
 very different from violet and her family , but the ghosts are fun . 
 dusty lives in new zealand , not far from where i live . 
 she is one tough hell cat , who has had a tough life . 
 this is a gritty series of 9 books in total . 
 they deal with tough issues , but there are lighter moments to balance it all . 
 the stories become progressively surreal , into a world of the impossible and fantastical . 
 dusty miller 1 chapter 1 palmerston north . 
 -lrb- palmy -rrb- principal city of the manawatu region , lower north island of new zealand seven years ago for as long as dusty miller could remember , her mother had had a steady stream of boyfriends . 
 a few , like the previous bastard , had stayed for a while . 
 more than a couple had molested her when they 'd had the chance . 
 too afraid and ashamed , she had said nothing to her mother . 
 now she was still only nine years old . 
 she was home from school and the latest creep was on his own . 
 her mother was out shopping , he 'd said , which meant buying booze . 
 food was sometimes thin on the ground , but there was always money for booze . 
 this man , darren , had lived with them for a few months . 
 just another bum her mother had picked up . 
 it started innocently enough , with him asking questions about how things had been at school . 
 he did n't seem as bad as some of the others , so dusty was almost beginning to trust him . 
 they chatted at the kitchen table and he gave her a big bowl of stew . 
 he did most of the cooking , because he had n't much else to do . 
 her mother was often too drunk to feed her , so going to bed hungry was a regular event . 
 darren never seemed to go out to work . 
 he had sat beside her and gradually , his hands got slowly closer and she was too busy eating and talking to notice . 
 he suddenly grabbed her arm and pulled her to him . 
 he had kissed her on the mouth and his hands were all over her . 
 she screamed and she picked up a knife off the table and rammed it as hard as she could into his leg . 
 he yelled out and released his grip , giving her the chance to race out of the front door . 
 he ran after her , calling her things she had n't even heard before . 
 her mother was coming down the path and dusty collided with her , making her drop the shopping . 
 a bottle of bourbon smashed on the ground . 
 ` you stupid little devil , ' her mom yelled . 
 ` now see what you 've done . ' 
 darren said , ` never mind that . 
 look what your frigging brat 's done to me . ' 
 he had blood oozing through his jeans , but it looked worse than it really was . 
 ` the frigging little bitch stabbed me . 
 no reason for it , she just stuck me with a bloody knife . ' 
 her mother grabbed her by the hair and dragged her inside out of sight of the neighbours . 
 the loss of the booze was bad enough , but stabbing her precious boyfriend was too much . 
 it was the jug cord this time , again and again across her back . 
 dusty cowered in a corner of the kitchen , shielding her head with her thin arms , begging her mother to stop , pleading with her to stop beating her . 
 dusty had tried to tell her the truth , but she would n't listen , lashing her with the cord while her shit-head bloke stood and watched , grinning at her . 
 from that day on , it had been dusty versus the world . 
 if anyone was going to do the hurting , it was going to be her . 
 it was the same at school . 
 often picked on because she was thinner and smaller than her peers , and taunted about her drunken mother , dusty was something of a loner and made few friends . 
 but she was n't taking it any more . 
 her back hurt from the beating , and she sat in the playground , watching the other kids play and laugh , never going to be a part of their world . 
 and that was okay . 
 if the world wanted a fight , it could have one . 
 pauline tandy was the first one to find that out . 
 tandy was the biggest girl in the class , fat from the burgers and fries she seemed to live on . 
 she had picked on dusty for years . 
 suddenly the play stopped , and tandy was standing with the ball , a heavy leather rugby ball . 
 she took aim and it flew across the playground , striking dusty square in the face . 
 ` give me my ball , back , bitch , ' yelled tandy , her hands on her hips , her friends gathering around her . 
 dusty felt the blood trickling from her nose . 
 another time , she would have cried . 
 now she was all out of tears . 
 she picked up the ball and held it under her arm . 
 blood dripped onto her white blouse . 
 ` come and get it , fatso , ' she said , defiantly . 
 this was the first time anyone had stood up to tandy . 
 for a moment , the girl just stood and stared , unsure what to do . 
 five of her gang were around her , expecting something , waiting for tandy to make her move . 
 tandy knew she had to do something , or lose face . 
 she marched towards dusty , the five others right behind her . 
 ` what did you call me , bitch ? ' 
 dusty stood tall , able to look the bigger girl in the eyes . ' 
 i called you what you are , fatso . ' 
 ` get her , pauline , ' said one of the gang . 
 tandy lashed out with her fist , but dusty was ready for her and dodged the blow , kicking out hard at the girl 's shin . 
 it was a solid strike and tandy was hopping on one leg . 
 dusty grabbed her hair and pulled with all her might , bringing her knee up into her face , breaking her nose . 
 the gang piled onto her , but dusty was kicking , thumping and biting like a human tornado . 
 one girl went down from a hard kick to the stomach , another from being poked in both eyes . 
 tandy recovered , grabbed dusty from behind and held on so that two girls could kick and punch . 
 dusty kicked backwards with the heel of her shoe and found her target , tandy letting go . 
 dusty swung her fist at the nearest girl , catching her in the mouth , splitting her lip . 
 tandy was still behind her and wrapped her arm around dusty 's neck in a choking headlock , and dusty could n't breathe . 
 with her elbow , she rammed tandy in her guts and the big girl went down . 
 suddenly the fighting stopped , the other girls , all sporting wounds looked at tandy , the gang leader , helpless on the ground , dusty facing them , her face covered in blood , ready to take them all down . 
 tandy made one last effort and latched onto dusty 's ankle , trying to pull her down onto the concrete , but once again , dusty managed to break free and brought her foot down hard on the big girl 's face . 
 tandy curled up in a ball , begging dusty to stop . 
 dusty raised her foot to stomp down again , but she stopped . 
 it was all over . 
 the gang parted as she barged through them , and they watched her cross the playground to the school gates where with her head held high , she walked away . 
 from that day forth , she was never bullied again at school . 
 chapter 2 the house was empty when she got home , but she was used to fending for herself . 
 dusty looked at herself in the bathroom mirror . 
 she had washed off the dried blood and what was revealed was n't pretty any more . 
 most of her face was marked , and the finger marks around her neck were like an angry necklace . 
 her lips were swollen and split , but so were her knuckles . 
 she undressed , dropping the bloody blouse on the floor . 
 she would never wear it again . 
 she climbed into the shower , letting the hot water wash the blood off her nine year old body , watching it run down the plug hole . 
 she washed her hair and scrubbed her skin until it tingled . 
 she dried herself and dressed in clean clothes and brushed her hair . 
 the girl in the mirror was still marked , but there was something else . 
 something behind the bruised face had changed forever . 
 something behind her eyes was different , and she had a mean look she had never seen before . 
 she looked at her knuckles . 
 they hurt . 
 she had no idea she could punch like that . 
 as she smiled through painful lips from the memory of hitting the gang so hard they had rolled on the ground in agony , she felt good about herself . 
 six of the bitches had attacked her and she had beaten the lot of them . 
 that day had changed everything . 
 that day had changed her life . 
 stuffing the blood covered blouse in a plastic bag , she was about to drop it into the rubbish bin , and then she thought about her mother . 
 if she saw the bag and wondered what it was , she might look inside . 
 it was unlikely , but possible . 
 ruining the blouse would result in only one thing . 
 yet another beating . 
 she had to hide it somewhere her mother would never find it . 
 thinking hard , she looked about the house . 
 and there it was in the ceiling of the hallway , the cover to the loft . 
 she had never known her mother go up the loft . 
 she had to hurry , because her mother could return at any time , and if she had been out drinking with darren , things would be tough enough . 
 thanks for reading this and i hope you like it enough to get the book . 
 enjoy . 
