 may i go play ? 
 an old houses prequel heather marie adkins copyright © 2014 by heather marie adkins smashwords edition published by cyberwitch press , llc louisville , ky cyberwitchpress.com cyberwitchpress@gmail.com first edition , published january 2014 all rights reserved . 
 this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america . 
 in accordance with the u.s. copyright act of 1976 , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author . 
 any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited . 
 in layman 's terms : do n't be a jerk . 
 writing and publishing is the author 's career . 
 support their art by buying their books at their very affordable prices . 
 do n't steal the author 's blood , sweat , and tears for free from a pirate site . 
 if you did , then go back and buy a book from this author . 
 legally . 
 disclaimer : the persons , places , things , and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the author 's imagination . 
 any resemblance to anything or anyone living -lrb- or dead -rrb- is unintentional . 
 the author humbly begs your pardon . 
 this is fiction , people . 
 edited by m. edward mcnally , alan nayes , and emma jameson cover art by the author . 
 she 's broke . 
 stock photo : © 2012 fullframe interior book design by cyberwitch press , llc author photograph © 2011 meagan white | white photography contact the author at heather@heathermarieadkins.com sign up for her mailing list to receive updates on new releases ! 
 may i go play ? 
 by heather marie adkins a young woman inherits a southern mansion from her grandmother only to find the original owners want company . 
 may i go play ? 
 is a ten-thousand word novelette that originally appeared in the eclective 's haunted collection . 
 the story was inspired by a real house in savannah , georgia . 
 praise for books by heather marie adkins : heather marie adkins writes beautiful , poetic prose which effortlessly blends romance , fantasy , and the darker shades of the supernatural . 
 -- greg james author of under a colder sun all of ms. adkins stories are entertaining with creative prose and character dialogue that is sharp , real and witty ... once you start reading you wo n't stop until the story 's final resolution is revealed . 
 -- alan nayes author of gargoyles adkins has admirably distinguished herself as an author to watch out for . 
 her prose is crisp and interesting , and her credible , multidimensional characters weave both darkness and light into a realistic , poignant work about struggling with honor , loyalty , rage , love and death . 
 -- karin cox author of cruxim the author 's imagination and ability to write wonderful descriptions combine to produce a story that , while there is romance , there is also adventure , a dose of fantasy and a splash of humor . 
 -- larry marshall author of her book of shadows heather brings metaphysical mythical into the realm of totally plausible , and does so with romance , intrigue , and exceptional good taste . 
 -- p.j. port author of to touch ice dedication for those who believe in ghosts . 
 may i go play ? 
 the hulking structure sat at an intersection in savannah : empty , abandoned , shadowed . 
 it was the kind of place that exuded despair and neglect . 
 an unwanted orphan or a forgotten time capsule of an age past . 
 the hot georgia sun could n't penetrate the thick gloom that blanketed the property , just as the natives did n't penetrate the thick , barred wall that surrounded it . 
 heart fluttering wildly , micah noble shifted on her feet , staring at the key ring in her hand . 
 `` it 's just a house , '' her husband said softly . 
 garrett was always the optimist , and the skeptic -- a psychology professor with five degrees on the wall and an ever-present five o’clock shadow . 
 stick thin , tall as a bean pole , and handsome ; but not in any traditional sense . 
 his glasses always seemed to be falling down his nose , and there was a gap between his front teeth that he whistled through even though it drove her nuts . 
 micah shook her head , her thick blonde hair moving over her shoulders like a caress of fingers . 
 she shuddered . 
 `` it is n't just a house . '' 
 garrett glanced over his shoulder . 
 elliott sat in the backseat of the suv with sticks on her lap , his black-and-white snout panting through the open window . 
 assured that their daughter was n't listening , garrett murmured , `` micah , this house did not kill your great aunt . 
 it belongs to you now . 
 push away your family 's silly legends , and let 's go see what condition it 's in . '' 
 she wanted to argue . 
 she wanted to snap that he had n't heard the fear in her mother 's voice two months earlier when micah called to tell her . 
 * `` what ? 
 my mother left you bowridge ? '' 
 momma jean gasped . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 micah flipped a page in the packet her lawyer had given her . 
 `` the house , property , and any possessions inside . 
 according to skinner & fulsom 's appraisal , the contents of bowridge are worth a lot of money . 
 this could be the answer to all our prayers . '' 
 micah glanced around the tiny apartment . 
 the kitchen bled into the living room , which bled into two bedrooms . 
 a family could n't make a home in a place like this ; elliott needed better . 
 there was a long silence on the other end of the line . 
 micah could hear the faint sound of a television in the background . 
 she glanced at the clock -- three in the afternoon . 
 she 'd interrupted her mother 's soaps . 
 `` honey pie , you do n't want that house , '' jean finally murmured . 
 `` that house is evil . '' 
 `` it 's gorgeous , mom . '' 
 micah flipped to the full-color picture in the back of the packet . 
 an off-white greek revival with a bit of weather damage . 
 `` why on earth would momma leave you that house ? '' 
 jean murmured , and micah had a feeling the question was n't truly directed at her . 
 `` because neither you nor your sisters wanted it . '' 
 `` she should have burned it to the ground , '' jean said sharply . 
 `` mother . '' 
 jean lowered her voice . 
 `` you know what happened to your great aunt , millie . '' 
 sighing , micah sat the packet aside . 
 `` i know , mom . 
 but aunt millie killed herself . 
 how long are you and your sisters going to blame bowridge for millie 's actions ? '' 
 `` we blame bowridge because it was the direct source of all of millie 's problems , '' her mother snapped . 
 `` micah louise , if you move my granddaughter into that hell house , i will sue you for custody . '' 
 `` oh , mother . '' 
 micah sighed again . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 but the seed was planted . 
 micah began to remember her mother 's tales , and the way ` the aunts ' spoke of bowridge in hushed tones . 
 and in the months leading up to their move , micah became a believer . 
 * a stairway led from the cracked sidewalk to a door of heavy wood and stained glass . 
 beneath the regal , swirling staircase , a gated door -- closed and padlocked -- hid the servant 's entrance on the lower floor . 
 the circular gate gaped like the house 's jaws , eternally screaming . 
 micah stared up at three stories , the stucco exterior , and a gabled roof . 
 bowridge sat on a stately square with heavy traffic in downtown savannah , surrounded by other equally magnificent southern mansions . 
 fifty years ago , it was probably one of the most beautiful homes in the neighborhood . 
 now ... now it watched her . 
 when she did n't acknowledge his assurance that bowridge was `` just a house , '' garrett swiped the key from her open palm -- `` now or never , love . '' 
 -- and swept up the crumbling stairs . 
 micah waited a moment as a shiver ran up her spine . 
 then she followed her husband to the front door . 
 * the mail slot set into one of the ebony doors was broken . 
 the golden lip that should have hung over it was gone , leaving a rectangular hole through which micah could see a stairwell . 
 she could feel cool air escaping through the bronze slot , a kind of reverse vacuum . 
 `` why is it cold ? '' 
 she asked , placing a palm in the rushing wind . 
 it flowed through her fingers : an icy flash that raised the hair on the back of her neck . 
 `` it 's ninety degrees outside . 
 it should be hot as hell in there . '' 
 garrett shrugged as he shoved the key in the scratched brass lock . 
 `` maybe the lawyer had the electricity turned on for us . '' 
 `` in a house this big ? '' 
 micah scoffed . 
 `` you 're loony . '' 
 the door opened with ease , the hinges barely squeaking . 
 there was a whooshing sound , and musty , disused air filtered out , giving micah pause . 
 `` momma ? '' 
 elliott 's voice drifted up to them from the street . 
 micah turned her back on the open door and walked to the railing of the balcony as her husband disappeared inside . 
 elliott was hanging out of the back window of the car , her small palms pressed to the door as she gazed at the house . 
 `` come on up , baby , '' micah called down to her daughter . 
 `` bring sticks . '' 
 it was n't that she wanted her little girl inside the house . 
 ideally , micah wanted elliott far away from bowridge with neither knowledge nor memories of the place to tarnish her innocent outlook on life . 
 but that was n't an option . 
 not since the fire ... elliott just did n't like to be left alone . 
 so there was no way micah could go inside without her . 
 bowridge was their new home . 
 a new start . 
 girl and dog jumped from the car . 
 using all fifty pounds of her body weight , elliott slammed the heavy truck door and raced for the steps , sticks only a few steps ahead of her on his hot-pink leash . 
 micah took her daughter 's hand with a smile . 
 white blonde hair , sun-tanned skin , and skinny legs just like her father 's that jutted from beneath her blue jean skirt . 
 she was the most beautiful child in the world . 
 micah could n't even see the scar anymore . 
 hooray for modern medicine , she thought , brushing her fingertips across the soft skin of elliott 's bare arm . 
 `` watch where you step and stay close , '' micah warned , giving sticks a playful nudge with her toes . 
 he nipped at her flip-flop playfully . 
 elliott nodded succinctly . 
 `` yes , momma . '' 
 the foyer was fairly small for such a large home . 
 straight ahead , a worn wooden staircase climbed the pale yellow wall before making a hasty ninety-degree turn up to the second floor . 
 an ancient chandelier clung to the ten-foot ceiling above their heads . 
 beneath the second set of stairs , another archway revealed a staircase that led down to the ground floor . 
 it was cool a full ten degrees cooler inside , as if the ac were running . 
 micah raised an eyebrow , holding firmly to elliott 's hand as she reached to flick the light switch next to the door . 
 nothing happened . 
 she flicked the second switch and stepped outside to make sure it did n't control the porch light . 
 the shattered globes on either side of the door were n't any help . 
 `` how can that be ? '' 
 she asked her husband as he appeared in the archway to the living room . 
 she shut the door , cutting off the ambient street noise . 
 the house fell into eerie silence . 
 garrett shrugged . 
 his shaggy black hair was sticking straight up as if he 'd stuck his finger in a socket . 
 `` lights in there do n't work , either . 
 electricity must not be on . '' 
 `` but the air pressure ? '' 
 micah gestured to the mail slot . 
 they would have to get that fixed stat . 
 she imagined all manner of city vermin climbing through the slot alongside bills and bank statements . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's just some kind of negative flow . 
 there are broken windows upstairs . '' 
 micah felt a rush of relief . 
 `` oh , that 's true . '' 
 garrett leaned over to kiss her gently on the forehead while he ruffled elliott 's hair , making the little girl giggle . 
 `` hey , '' he said softly against micah 's temple . 
 `` quit worrying . 
 let 's bring our stuff in , and i 'll pull out the laptop and get the electric hooked up , ` kay ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` this will be fun . '' 
 micah exchanged glances with her daughter -- even their young child knew a hopeless case when she saw it . 
 `` famous last words , '' micah said , rolling her eyes . 
 * `` they 'll be out in less than an hour . '' 
 micah turned around from gazing into the jungle of a backyard . 
 or side yard , rather , seeing as the house was long rather than wide , and the teeny quadrangle of yard was situated just outside a side door . 
 elliott stood in the fenced enclosure with sticks , throwing a nerf ball for him to fetch . 
 his floppy red ears bounced with every sprint . 
 `` that 's fantastic . 
 how did you manage that ? '' 
 micah asked , uncapping her bottled water for a drink . 
 the liquid was refreshing ; the energy she had expended carrying luggage inside had made her thirsty . 
 garrett rubbed his hands together , a gleam in his eyes . 
 `` i have my ways , '' he intoned , swooping forward to encircle her waist with his arms . 
 he swung her around so that her flip-flops left the floor and she felt weightless . 
 micah squealed . 
 `` put me down ! '' 
 he did , but instead of pulling away , his lips caught hers : soft , sweet . 
 they tasted like carmex , his drug of choice . 
 she relented beneath his touch , pressing her body into his -- the perfect fit . 
 ten-year-long puzzle pieces that still clicked together with a perfection borne of friendship . 
 the kiss grew heated . 
 micah wanted to shove away her fears about the house , her worries about the cost of restoration , and take her husband right there on the living room floor between the aged , plastic-covered sofa and the coffee table . 
 judging by his reaction to the kiss , he agreed . 
 a low giggle brought micah back from the brink , and she broke the kiss with an audible smack . 
 she glanced over her shoulder to find elliott in the open doorway , the concrete patio and ivy-trimmed verandah visible behind her . 
 `` you were kissing , '' she accused . 
 garrett slapped micah on the rump and pulled away . 
 `` i 'm going to run to the drugstore . 
 we need a couple of necessities . 
 like toilet paper . '' 
 `` we 'll go with you , '' micah said quickly , striding across the floor to get her purse . 
 `` no , you guys need to stay here just in case the lawyer beats me back . '' 
 he slipped his wallet into the back pocket of his cargo shorts . 
 `` no use making him wait outside . '' 
 `` i 'd rather wait outside , '' micah grumbled . 
 elliott launched the nerf ball into the foyer , and sticks 's claws scrabbled for purchase as he took off after it . 
 micah could n't even force herself to get on elliott for throwing balls in the house . 
 she met garrett at the front door . 
 `` do n't leave us alone here , '' she said softly , shooting a glance at her daughter . 
 the girl was n't paying them any mind . 
 `` micah . '' 
 garrett smiled , tucking her hair behind her ear gently . 
 `` love , it is just a house . 
 now . '' 
 he pressed a quick kiss to her lips . 
 `` i 'll be back shortly . '' 
 then he was gone . 
 * `` this place is so big , '' elliott said , her voice awed . 
 `` six bedrooms , '' micah agreed as she led her daughter down the upstairs hallway . 
 at the apex of the staircase , they could walk left , passing closed doorways -- presumably to bedrooms -- to the back of the house and a giant bathroom equipped with tub , shower stall , toilet , and a double sink . 
 they were now walking towards the front of the house , where the hallway ended at a gorgeous bay window seat that looked out over the street below . 
 sticks 's claws clicked along the hardwood floor , the sound much louder in the abnormal silence than it should have been . 
 micah rolled her eyes at a pile of timber on the floor -- that would be a pain to get down to the basement . 
 or the half-basement , half-ground floor , whatever the heck these southerners called those weird in-between floors underneath the main level . 
 `` big enough to get lost in , so stay close , '' micah went on . 
 elliott rolled her eyes . 
 `` i know , mom . '' 
 micah peeked into the first open bedroom door . 
 the room was spacious , with tall ceilings and windows . 
 a four-poster bed dominated the middle of the floor , and a matching antique dresser graced one wall . 
 it was simple and opulent all at once -- a throwback to nineteenth century wealth . 
 elliott poked her head around micah 's waist to appraise the room . 
 `` there are leaves on the floor , '' she observed with the acuity of a seven-year-old . 
 micah laughed and turned to face her daughter . 
 `` keen senses of observation , daughter-mine . 
 there are quite a few broken windows on this floor . 
 remind me to google window replacement companies . '' 
 elliott 's brilliant blue eyes crinkled when she smiled . 
 she clicked her heels together and saluted . 
 `` copy that . '' 
 they moved on to the next room -- similar to the first but with an en suite bathroom . 
 as micah stepped into the small , porcelain space to coo over the pedestal sink and claw-foot bathtub , elliott wandered away with sticks in hot pursuit . 
 micah turned the four-armed faucet . 
 it moved , but the pipes just groaned . 
 `` water company , '' she told herself . 
 `` call the water company . '' 
 `` look , momma ! '' 
 elliott 's excited yell spurred micah into motion . 
 she hurried through the bedroom , passing through warm shafts of afternoon sunlight , and entered the hall . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` in here ! '' 
 whatever it was had excited her daughter . 
 micah followed the sound of elliott 's voice into the front bedroom . 
 this room was the biggest , fully equipped with a bed , a dresser , a vanity , and an open door that revealed a huge walk-in closet . 
 the walls were a rich , deep mahogany that contrasted beautifully with the red oak floors . 
 micah glanced around for her daughter , noting a fancy archway that led to a third bathroom . 
 elliott was nowhere in sight . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 the blonde-haired fae child appeared through an open doorway in the far wall near the front of the house ; micah had n't even noticed it . 
 `` look ! 
 it 's a porch , momma . '' 
 micah followed her through the opening and gasped . 
 the covered porch stretched the length of the house , a wall of windows that overlooked the postage stamp yard and beyond . 
 the half-walls beneath the window were white , as was the porch floor . 
 micah assumed the concrete façade , a pale egg cream color , was the house 's original exterior minus a century-and-a-half of weathering . 
 sticks had already found a patch of sunshine and curled up for a snooze . 
 it was stifling hot on the porch , and empty but for a single white , wicker chair . 
 `` how lovely , '' micah murmured , looking out over the neighborhood . 
 just beside their walled backyard , a street bisected the square along a tidy city park teeming with afternoon patrons . 
 `` may i go play , momma ? '' 
 elliott pleaded . 
 micah stared down into her daughter 's beautiful face . 
 `` not today , baby . 
 we 've got a lot to do . 
 i ca n't go over with you . '' 
 elliott 's face darkened . 
 `` i can go by myself , '' she said petulantly . 
 fighting a smile , micah responded , `` in time , sunshine . 
 this is a new and unfamiliar place . 
 let 's get settled first . '' 
 micah motioned for elliott to precede her into the bedroom , and then slapped her own leg and whistled for sticks , who promptly obeyed . 
 as she reached to shut the door , she glanced at the wicker chair . 
 a feeling of unease settled about her shoulders like a mantle . 
 the thin blue cushion that covered the seat was indented as if someone were sitting there , looking out over the park . 
 micah clutched the door handle , fighting off a shiver . 
 it 's just old and worn , she told herself , laughing out loud . 
 just old and worn , like the rest of the house . 
 * micah handed the spongebob squarepants roller suitcase to elliott , making a face and groaning as if it were heavy . 
 `` what do you have in there , rocks ? '' 
 elliott giggled , yanking the handle up from the top . 
 `` no , silly . 
 books . '' 
 `` ah , well , that 's okay then . '' 
 micah pulled her own rolling suitcase from the trunk , and then turned tired eyes on the u-haul trailer . 
 `` i do n't have the energy for that . 
 i barely have the energy for what 's in the jeep . '' 
 `` one at a time , '' elliott said , once again proving herself way ahead of the bell curve for a child her age . 
 they trudged up the front steps , holding suitcases , pillows , and in elliott 's case a gigantic plush polar bear . 
 micah pushed the door open and held it for her daughter to pass through . 
 they left their belongings on the leaf-scattered floor and returned to the car for more . 
 on their third trip inside , micah gingerly sat a box of breakables on the coffee table just as the sound of shattering glass broke the silence of the house . 
 it came from upstairs , where elliott had just carried a suitcase to pick out her room . 
 `` elliott ? '' 
 micah yelled , panicked . 
 she burst into the foyer and took the narrow staircase at a run . 
 `` i 'm fine , momma , it was n't me . '' 
 elliott stood at the top of the stairs , staring towards the master bedroom . 
 `` it came from in there . '' 
 `` go back downstairs and get in the car , '' micah told her in a low , urgent tone . 
 `` wait for me there . '' 
 her daughter obeyed without argument , pale blue eyes wide as she skittered down the stairs . 
 micah stared at the open bedroom door , heart pounding . 
 had someone gotten in the house ? 
 worse still , could a homeless person be living there ? 
 she hefted an old , dusty two-by-four from a stack on the floor and held it at the ready as she took wide , quiet steps towards the bedroom . 
 beyond the distant chirping of birds , there were no sounds from inside . 
 taking a deep breath , micah stepped into the room . 
 empty . 
 make-shift weapon still primed for action , micah checked under the bed , in the closet , the bathroom , and out on the patio . 
 that room clear , she did a sweep of the entire upstairs , and turned up nothing . 
 not only was there no one in the house , but there was also no evidence of a newly-broken window . 
 * `` mrs. noble . 
 it 's a pleasure to meet you in person . '' 
 alfred skinner offered a pudgy , well-manicured hand , a jovial grin on his sunburned face . 
 `` likewise . '' 
 she shook his warm , dry hand and stepped back to allow him entrance . 
 if her mind was n't playing tricks on her , he seemed to brace himself before he walked inside . 
 `` oh , grand . 
 i see you were able to get the electric hooked without issue ? '' 
 he gestured to the chandelier hanging over the foyer . 
 it was a black metal contraption of carved leaves . 
 garrett had replaced all the bulbs in the flower-like holders when he returned home from the drug store . 
 `` yes , and the water company is sending someone tomorrow . 
 thank you . '' 
 micah shut the door and motioned for him to follow her to the living room . 
 `` would you care for coffee ? 
 a bottle of water ? '' 
 `` coffee would be great , '' alfred boomed . 
 his indoor voice needed work . 
 `` i 've had a long day , and yet another long night ahead of me . 
 this heat , you know . 
 it just makes people crazy . '' 
 she chuckled because she knew he was right . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 micah gestured to the couch , now rid of its plastic cover . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 before she turned her back , she saw fear race across his face , but it was gone almost as soon as she recognized it . 
 her lawyer was scared of the house . 
 micah took the stairs to the ground floor . 
 they opened into a large , dim kitchen with boxes of silverware and dishes on the floor and the ancient green refrigerator whirring with life . 
 earlier , when garrett had returned from the drug store , the two of them had explored the semi-underground level while elliott and sticks unpacked in her room . 
 it was n't quite a basement , but it was n't quite aboveground either . 
 it was a maze of rooms , few of them furnished and most of them obviously disused for decades . 
 small half-moon windows looked out upon street level . 
 in the growing twilight , tires rolled past , stopping briefly at the `` stop '' sign before continuing . 
 micah had wondered if they paid any attention to the monstrosity beside them . 
 `` it 's nice down here , '' garrett had murmured as he popped his head out the servant 's entrance . 
 the walls were painted dark , earthy shades , and the windows were curtained in every room . 
 `` it 's dark , '' she disagreed . 
 `` and dingy . '' 
 `` we 'll change that , '' garrett had said , his embrace and kiss sealing the deal . 
 it was almost sundown now . 
 even with the lights on , the kitchen was shadowed and dark . 
 lit by harsh artificial light , the cabinets of peeling burgundy paint and the scarred table and chairs looked unwanted . 
 the linoleum floor , a dizzying pattern of black-and-white diamond shapes , needed an industrial-strength scrub . 
 micah found she could n't muster any excitement over the spacious kitchen . 
 as compared to their old apartment , it was the taj mahal . 
 yet , something about bowridge did n't sit well with her . 
 first , the feeling of a presence in the chair on the covered porch , and then the phantom glass breakage . 
 she sighed , swiping a hand over her face . 
 she snuck a peek out the window of the kitchen door . 
 elliott and sticks were laying in the shade of a thick , gnarled black walnut . 
 they watched garrett as he attacked the overgrown yard with a weed-eater . 
 micah threw some pre-ground grocery coffee into the stainless steel brewer they 'd brought from home . 
 she measured out water from the gallon jug and hit `` brew , '' then grabbed herself a diet soda from the fridge as the heady smell of coffee filled the kitchen . 
 the door to the yard banged open , and a burst of deathly hot georgia summer filled the room . 
 micah had n't realized until then just how well the air conditioning worked in the house . 
 thank god for small favors , she thought as she turned to smile at her husband . 
 but no one was there . 
 she leaned a hip on the counter , steadying herself against a wave of confusion and terror . 
 her feet refused to move , and her palms grew clammy . 
 how did the door open ? 
 she heard rustling outside , and then garrett appeared in the open doorway . 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` why 's the door open ? 
 you 're letting all the air out . '' 
 `` the wind , i guess , '' micah tried to explain it away . 
 he crossed the threshold and shut the door . 
 `` it 's dead still outside , love . '' 
 `` faulty latch ? '' 
 he jiggled the doorknob . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 you did n't open it ? '' 
 micah shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't open it . '' 
 beyond the door , micah could see her daughter . 
 elliott stood in the middle of the backyard , staring up at the house . 
 * `` it 's all very straightforward , '' alfred said , gently setting his mug on the stained coffee table . 
 `` your grandmother did n't pull any punches . 
 everything tied to bowridge belongs to you . 
 furniture , appliances , property , even clothes still in the closets and books on the shelves . '' 
 he pointed to a separate sheet that carried a simple paragraph-long statement . 
 `` she only had two requirements -- one , that the house remain your sole property , meaning nothing of it goes to control of your husband . 
 if anything were to happen to you , she 's stipulated that the property will then go to your daughter , with your mother jean as custodian . 
 and two -- you ca n't sell it . '' 
 micah 's heart fell . 
 `` any of it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just the house and the land . 
 if you wanted to sell the furnishings , that is still an option . '' 
 he spread his hands over the documents and smiled . 
 `` other than that , mrs. noble , bowridge is yours for better or worse . '' 
 micah thought of the kitchen door , thrown open so hard it bounced off the wall . 
 definitely worse . 
 * an evening storm rolled in just before bedtime . 
 micah tucked her daughter into bed in the room she 'd picked -- a white and pink ruffled affair at the back of the house . 
 she was n't happy that elliott would be so far from them -- she and garrett would be sleeping in the master bedroom in the front . 
 `` are you sure about this room ? '' 
 micah asked for the fifth time . 
 `` there are bigger ones closer to mine and daddy 's . '' 
 `` yes , momma . '' 
 elliott smiled , a little blonde angel framed by frilly pillows and stuffed animals . 
 `` it feels like mine . '' 
 micah kissed her forehead . 
 `` alright . 
 you know where we 'll be if you need us . 
 i love you . '' 
 she double-checked the bulb on elliott 's tropical fish nightlight , and then hit the lights on the way out . 
 the hallway was dark as pitch , and unfamiliar . 
 micah placed a hand to the wall and cautiously moved forward . 
 she jumped as a flash of lightning illuminated the windowseat ahead , filling the space with blue-white light . 
 for a brief moment , she thought she saw a shadow on the stairs , but a crack of thunder followed by another flash revealed an empty stairwell . 
 she hurried to the bedroom , her heart pounding in her ears . 
 it was just my imagination , she argued with herself . 
 new house . 
 unfamiliar . 
 she was starting to sound like a broken record , even to herself . 
 unfamiliar . 
 unfamiliar . 
 garrett was propped up in bed , a pool of soft , warm lamplight on him as he read . 
 his bare chest was mostly softened muscle from years of campus food and sitting at a desk , but she still found him sexy . 
 the sight of him chased away the shadow on the stairs ; it chased away the atmospheric storm and patter of rain . 
 other parts of her , more primal and insatiable , came to the surface instead . 
 after brushing her teeth and slipping into a thin cotton nightgown , micah crawled onto her side of the bed . 
 she cuddled against her husband 's side , sliding a hand up the warmth of his thigh beneath his boxer shorts . 
 `` remember that kiss earlier ? '' 
 she murmured in his ear before she took it between her teeth and gently nipped . 
 garrett mmm 'd low in his throat and slipped his bookmark into the book before he set it on the nightstand . 
 turning into her , he cradled her against his chest . 
 `` remember ? 
 i 've been fantasizing about it for hours . '' 
 micah wrapped her leg over his hips , giggling like a little girl as his hand moved to cup her breast . 
 `` make love to me , '' she whispered against his lips . 
 he did n't argue . 
 * micah was startled awake by the touch of icy fingers . 
 she popped up in bed , gasping , one hand fluttering to the spot on her cheek that still felt cold and clammy . 
 she glanced towards the side of the bed , expecting to see her daughter , but there was nothing but darkness . 
 the storm still rocked the house . 
 a steady pounding of rain on the roof and windows let her know it had n't lost any of its fury in the hours she 'd been out . 
 beside her , garrett slept soundly , one arm still tossed listlessly over her lap . 
 on her nightstand , the digital clock read three am . 
 micah fell back against the headboard , trying to catch her breath . 
 it must have been a dream , she thought , trying to remember what she was dreaming . 
 if she had been having a dream , the information was just out of reach and getting more insubstantial the longer she was awake . 
 a loud boom of thunder made her heart skip a beat , and in the stretch of emptiness that followed she heard the pitter-patter of small feet in the hallway , echoed by the familiar clicking of sticks 's claws . 
 a moment later , elliott burst through the open door and launched her skinny body onto the bed . 
 micah chuckled , scooting to the right so her daughter could squeeze beneath the covers between her and garrett . 
 `` did the storm scare you , baby ? '' 
 as sticks made a few circles and settled on the rug next to the bed , elliott turned her pale face up . 
 there was fear in her eyes . 
 `` a little . 
 mostly it was the girl . '' 
 `` what girl ? '' 
 micah 's hand drifted once more to her own cheek as she remembered the cold phantom of a small child 's fingers . 
 with a wide-eyed nod , elliott said , `` she keeps whispering to me when i 'm trying to sleep . '' 
 micah wanted to attribute the story to her daughter 's wicked imagination , but she could n't get past the sensation of fingers on her face . 
 `` what does this girl look like ? '' 
 elliott shrugged , snuggling closer to garrett , who rolled over and squeezed her in his sleep . 
 `` dunno . 
 ca n't see her . '' 
 as soon as her daughter 's eyes closed and her breathing became regular , micah laid awake the rest of the night facing the door . 
 * `` momma , does that look weird to you ? '' 
 elliott asked . 
 they were on the front porch the next morning , elliott armed with a bottle of glass cleaner and an old t-shirt , while micah wielded a broom on the steps . 
 her daughter stood in front of the stained glass front doors , bubbles sliding down the glass as she pointed up . 
 micah followed her gesture to the third floor . 
 she had n't paid much attention to the exterior of the house , other than to note it was a mess . 
 above the front door , the windowseat jutted out , forming an overhang . 
 to the right of it was the window of the master bedroom -- her and garrett 's room . 
 the façade of the house was some kind of stone ; without knowledge of architecture , micah was n't sure if it was poured concrete or some kind of concrete sculpted over stone or wood . 
 but the textured exterior had survived almost two centuries in the tropical weather of the area , and parts of the house were a bit worse for the wear . 
 where her daughter pointed was one of the worst examples of the way time had made a mark on bowridge . 
 micah said , `` that water stain , you mean ? '' 
 `` is that what it is ? '' 
 elliott was silent for a moment . 
 `` it looks like a face . '' 
 micah looked closer , and then started as she realized it did look like a face . 
 hollow circles for eyes , sunken cheeks , and long , flowing hair around a pale face . 
 a sideways slash made the face look like it was screaming . 
 the effect was chilling . 
 `` it does , '' micah agreed . 
 she forced her eyes away from the sight and vowed to ignore it before her own imagination ran wild . 
 `` but it 's just our brains piecing together something familiar from the water patterns . '' 
 elliott giggled . 
 `` you sound like daddy . '' 
 `` heaven forbid ! '' 
 micah teased , turning back to the steps . 
 but for the rest of the time they cleaned , she could feel eyes on her -- as if the face were real . 
 * micah met her husband at the front door as soon as he got home , relieving him of his briefcase . 
 `` take your shoes off , '' she warned him . 
 `` elliott and i did the floors . '' 
 his brown eyes moved over the shiny hardwood . 
 `` no leaves . '' 
 she nodded and smiled , proud of herself . 
 `` no leaves . '' 
 `` where is elliott ? '' 
 he asked , yanking off his tie as he followed her to the living room . 
 `` oh , love , it looks great in here . '' 
 a thorough cleaning of murphy 's oil to the hardwood floors had revealed beautiful , shiny wooden slats . 
 she and elliott had taken scrub brushes to the ornately carved fireplace , cleaning it of debris and dirt , even managing to clean the soot off the concrete stoop . 
 they 'd unpacked several boxes , so the living room felt more like home . 
 micah deposited garret 's briefcase by the couch . 
 `` she 's upstairs taking a nap . 
 i almost joined her . '' 
 he kissed her forehead , one hand brushing across her neck . 
 `` do n't blame you . 
 you guys worked hard today . '' 
 `` would you like something to drink ? '' 
 micah offered , dying to ask him how the interview went . 
 she refrained . 
 `` do we have any beer ? '' 
 garrett sank to the couch with an oof ! 
 and kicked his stocking feet up on the coffee table . 
 his suit had been perfectly pressed that morning , but now it looked wrinkled and worse for the wear . 
 micah took the stairs down into the kitchen , quickly grabbing him a bud light and herself a bottled rum cocktail , and then ran back up the stairs , ignoring the rising feeling of suffocation she felt every time she stepped foot in the kitchen . 
 she settled beside him on the couch as he popped the tab on his beer , automatically reaching for her bottle to open it for her . 
 they sat together listening to the faint tick-tock-tick-tock of the wall clock . 
 finally , she could n't stand it any longer . 
 `` so . 
 how 'd it go ? '' 
 she asked offhand , crossing her fingers . 
 he paused for too long , and her heart began to sink . 
 `` oh no . '' 
 `` i 'm just kidding , '' he said , his face lighting up as a white grin spread from ear to ear . 
 `` i got the job . '' 
 micah squealed and leapt forward to toss her arms around his neck . 
 `` that 's great news ! '' 
 `` i 'll start next monday . '' 
 as she kissed her husband , micah felt a rush of relief , as if the tables were turning . 
 maybe bowridge and savannah were just what they needed to get out from under the black cloud that had hung over them since the accident . 
 * the second night was no different than the first . 
 micah woke up , shocked from sleep by the same touch of cold fingers . 
 she gasped , jerking away from the edge of the bed . 
 the clock switched over to three am . 
 disturbed by her reaction , garrett awoke beside her , sitting up with a groan . 
 `` wha -- micah ? '' 
 he reached for her in the dark . 
 `` love , what 's wrong ? '' 
 heart pounding , micah scooted over the sheets between them and curled up in his warmth . 
 she trembled , her entire body shaking as she stared unseeing into the pitch black room . 
 `` bad dream ? '' 
 garrett murmured into her ear , his strong arm closing tightly over her abdomen as he pulled her against his front . 
 `` you would n't believe me if i told you , '' she answered , covering her cheek with a hand . 
 he snuffled at her neck before pressing a kiss into the curve of her shoulder . 
 `` try me . '' 
 `` it happened last night , too , '' she started quietly . 
 `` i woke up thinking it was elliott . 
 cold fingers . 
 here . '' 
 she took his hand and laid it over her cheek . 
 `` i 'm sure it was just a dream , '' he said with a chuckle , squeezing her tightly . 
 `` it 's a big , unfamiliar house . 
 and your mom and aunts did n't do you any favors with their stories . '' 
 that word again -- unfamiliar . 
 but the fact of the matter was there was nothing about bowridge that felt unfamiliar . 
 in fact , it felt eerily familiar , more and more so every minute she remained . 
 just as it had the night before , micah stayed silent as her daughter 's quick footsteps hurried down the hallway , and she and sticks burst into the bedroom . 
 the girl repeated her flight and wormed her way between garrett and micah . 
 there was n't a storm to be found in savannah , so micah figured only one reason could have sent elliott running for their bed . 
 she propped her head up on one hand as garrett tucked their daughter in close . 
 `` tell daddy what you told me last night . '' 
 `` there is a little girl in my room who whispers when i 'm trying to sleep , '' elliott told him , acutely knowing what her mother was asking , as always . 
 garrett raised an eyebrow in micah 's direction , but she just shook her head . 
 looking down at her daughter 's wispy face in the dark , micah asked , `` was she bothering you again tonight , baby ? '' 
 elliott nodded . 
 `` she wants me to play with her , but i 'm so sleepy . '' 
 micah caught her husband 's gaze over elliott , but neither of them spoke . 
 not in front of elliott , at any rate . 
 cuddled against her child 's steady breathing , micah drifted into dreams of a phantom child . 
 * micah woke late the next morning -- obviously trying to make up for sleepless nights . 
 she stretched in a beam of hot sun coming through the front window , her arm meeting empty space where her husband and daughter had been . 
 tucked into her favorite cotton robe , micah walked in bare feet downstairs . 
 elliott was sprawled on the couch in the living room , her feet kicking at the air as she munched on a bowl of corn flakes . 
 `` do n't spill that on the couch , '' micah warned . 
 elliott took a bite and smiled , showing off flakes in her teeth . 
 rolling her eyes , micah followed the scent of coffee to the kitchen where garrett was seated at the small round table , paging through the newspaper . 
 she dropped a kiss to the top of his head before moving on to pour a cup of coffee . 
 `` sleep well ? '' 
 `` like a rock , '' he answered without looking up . 
 `` it 's peaceful here . 
 you would n't think we were in a city . '' 
 micah hmm 'd , not trusting herself to answer . 
 she found no peace at bowridge -- all she found were doors that opened by themselves and a phantom child that haunted her dreams and her daughter . 
 `` what are your plans today ? '' 
 she asked , opening the fridge to grab the half-and-half . 
 `` i was thinking about tackling the basement , '' garrett said , turning a page . 
 the swish was familiar and comforting . 
 he 'd read the newspaper every morning of their marriage , even on days when he was sick in bed . 
 micah shivered . 
 `` it 's creepy down here . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you 've always found basements creepy , love . '' 
 he paused to take a sip of coffee . 
 `` i may take a look at the fence first . 
 this morning before it gets hot . 
 some of the rods are bent out of shape and rusted all to hell . 
 i 'd hate for sticks to get caught in any of them . '' 
 `` i doubt he can climb the stone wall to get to them , '' micah laughed , joining garrett at the table with her own sugared-up coffee . 
 `` dog jumps like a champ . '' 
 he folded his newspaper , and then took his coffee mug to the sink . 
 giving micah a sloppy kiss on the lips , he said , `` i 'll be outside if you need me . '' 
 * `` what are you doing , baby girl ? '' 
 micah stepped out onto the covered porch , cradling her jumbo mug of steaming coffee . 
 she 'd already cleaned the main bathroom from top to bottom , and was taking a break before moving on to the next . 
 elliott sat in the wicker chair , her knees pulled up to her chest as she gazed out into the morning . 
 `` do you see them ? '' 
 micah crossed the creaky floor and drew up before the glass as she took a sip of coffee . 
 a group of young children played in the park next door . 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 `` may i go play ? '' 
 elliott turned pleading eyes to her mother . 
 micah smiled ; there was no way she could tell her `` no '' today . 
 `` of course , love . 
 put some sunblock on your face first , please . 
 oh , and your arm -- do n't forget your arm . 
 it 's going to get hot fast . '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 elliott squeezed her mother around the waist and rushed away . 
 `` look both ways before you cross the road ! '' 
 micah yelled . 
 she groaned . 
 she really needed to tackle the other bathrooms , and if elliott was going to play outside for the next few hours , it would be prime time to do so . 
 garrett was in the backyard and could watch their daughter as he worked on the broken railings of their rod-iron and stone walls . 
 micah gathered supplies from the main bath -- sponges , tub cleaner , a scrub brush -- and took it to the en suite in her and garrett 's room . 
 she hit the power button on her docking station , and her mp3 player came to life . 
 grabbing the soft scrub and a sponge , she tackled the toilet . 
 she was elbow deep in toilet water when the front door clicked open and elliott screamed , `` mom ! 
 mom ! '' 
 micah 's blood ran cold . 
 she abandoned her cleaning and nearly tumbled down the stairs , her heart racing . 
 elliott stood panting by the front door , her hands on her knees . 
 `` what is it , baby ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 micah put a hand to either of her daughter 's cheeks and turned her face to the left and then right , searching for evidence . 
 if those kids had bullied her ... ellott 's eyes were wide and her cheeks flushed . 
 she grasped micah 's arms with her tiny hands . 
 `` they 're gone . '' 
 micah stared down at her daughter , baffled . 
 `` who 's gone ? '' 
 `` the kids in the park . '' 
 * the upstairs was silent as a tomb . 
 micah had left a distraught elliott on the couch with a bowl of strawberry ice cream and a disney movie in the dvd player . 
 the girl was certain the kids in the park had run from her . 
 she had been so sensitive ever since the fire , and for no good reason . 
 it had been a complete accident -- a freak accident that had almost taken elliott 's life , micah reminded herself . 
 it was n't the school 's fault . 
 in a way , maybe it was the school 's fault . 
 elliott had been a normal child , albeit a little shy . 
 but the fire had changed all that . 
 it had nearly killed her , and if it were n't for the amazing burn unit , it would have maimed her . 
 micah and garrett had spent everything they had to get elliott the treatment she needed . 
 micah sighed . 
 the jury was still out on whether bowridge was a curse or a blessing . 
 the door to the porch was standing open when micah walked back through her bedroom on the way to finish cleaning . 
 she paused , brow wrinkled . 
 she did n't remember the door being open before elliott came running home . 
 the heat wafting in was substantial , so she crossed the room , intent on closing it , but the sound of kids at play made her stop and double-take . 
 she stepped onto the porch , the heavy weight of georgia summer settling around her , and made her way to the window . 
 the wicker seat still sat in the same place as always , facing the park . 
 the cushion was flat as a pancake -- no imprint . 
 but outside , across the street in the park , the same group of kids was back in action . 
 fury filled micah . 
 had they really run from her daughter ? 
 those little brats . 
 she threw her yellow plastic gloves into the bathroom and left , making a beeline for the park . 
 she did n't hear elliott follow her out the door . 
 she did n't notice her daughter until they both stood at the gate to the park , staring at an empty playground where a single swing swung gently on a breeze-less day . 
 * micah sat at the kitchen table , nursing a small glass of whiskey and water . 
 she looked up as garrett came through the kitchen door . 
 `` hey , '' he said , stepping out of his dirty boots . 
 `` i think i got most of the messed up rods marked . 
 i 'll call later and find someone to come out and replace them . '' 
 `` this house is going to cost us a fortune , '' micah murmured . 
 garrett grabbed a bottled water from the fridge and sat down across from her . 
 he smelled like earth and sweat . 
 combined with the way the whiskey had gone straight to her head , micah felt an urgent need to climb into his lap and connect with him , make love to him . 
 something real instead of surreal . 
 `` micah ? '' 
 his tone was questioning . 
 she caught his worried brown eyes . 
 `` something weird happened . '' 
 he laughed , the bottle hovering near his lips . 
 `` again ? '' 
 `` elliott wanted to play with the kids next door , on the playground . 
 but when she got there , they were gone , '' micah told him , feeling as if the words were coming from outside of herself . 
 she really was a terrible lightweight when it came to alcohol . 
 `` she came home in tears because she thought they ran away when they saw her coming . 
 but garrett , when i went back upstairs , i saw the kids in the park again . 
 and i ran over there -- i was mad , so mad that they 'd hurt ellie 's feelings . 
 they were gone . 
 as if they were never there in the first place . '' 
 the worry that marred her husband 's brow remained for a split second , and then a curtain fell . 
 his face twisted , hard and cynical , until he did n't even resemble himself . 
 garrett stood , slamming the bottle to the table . 
 `` why did you let her go ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 one strong , long-fingered hand shot out and grabbed her bicep in a bruising grip . 
 he shook her until her teeth rattled . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` garrett , what is the matter with you ? '' 
 micah bit out , trying to shake him off . 
 her free hand hit the glass of whiskey , sending it sliding off the table . 
 it shattered on the linoleum . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 `` she is better than some commoner ragamuffin ! '' 
 he roared , letting go of micah so fast she stumbled backwards and into the counter . 
 her head hit the edge of the cabinet , and she saw stars . 
 `` our child will not be seen with them ! '' 
 a sob ripped through micah as she cowered against the counter . 
 garrett lifted a hand , his fist clenched as if he would hit her , but then he changed again . 
 as quickly as the madness crossed his face , it was gone . 
 garrett blinked , confused . 
 `` micah ? 
 honey , i thought you were cleaning the bathrooms ? '' 
 * garrett had no idea what she was talking about . 
 he had no recollection of yelling or shaking her , but the growing bruise on the back of her head from connecting with the cabinet was harsh proof that it had happened . 
 he did n't recall the conversation that led to the outburst , either . 
 and micah -- sober as if she 'd never had a drop after the harrowing experience -- decided not to tell him again . 
 a dozen apologies and one promise to get checked out by a doctor later , they parted ways to get back to work on the house . 
 micah checked in on elliott and found the girl sound asleep on the couch , her favorite pillow pet -- a stuffed dolphin -- on her chest , and sticks asleep under her knees . 
 micah could n't help but feel relieved that her daughter and her usually sensitive dog had slept through the strange domestic violence episode . 
 garrett had never raised his voice to micah or their daughter , much less raised a hand . 
 micah could n't explain what had happened down in the kitchen , but whatever it was , it was not her husband . 
 what if it was , god forbid , a tumor ? 
 micah had heard stories before , of people plagued by full personality changes because of the pressure of a tumor on their brain ... micah shook herself from such morbid thoughts . 
 it could have been the unforgiving georgia heat , for all she knew . 
 she pulled an afghan from the hall closet and covered elliott , then headed upstairs to finish the bathroom . 
 * micah lay on top of the covers , one arm thrown over her eyes to block the sun coming through the bedroom windows . 
 her head ached despite a mixture of ibuprofen and acetaminophen . 
 with her other hand , she probed the tender area and winced . 
 she needed ice , but did n't have the energy or the inclination to walk two floors down to get it . 
 there was a soft knock at the door , and micah opened her eyes to find her husband hovering in the doorway . 
 he smiled wanly . 
 `` how you feeling , love ? '' 
 micah lowered her arm , unwilling to let him know she was hurt . 
 `` fine . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i found something in the basement i thought you would want to see . '' 
 she delicately sat up and got out of bed , then followed him downstairs . 
 through the living room archway , she noticed elliott was no longer on the couch . 
 `` where 's ellie ? '' 
 she asked , a burst of worry making her heart skip a beat . 
 `` she 's fine , '' garrett assured her , giving her a funny look . 
 `` she took sticks outside . '' 
 `` the backyard ? '' 
 micah clarified . 
 he paused before the steps to the ground level . 
 `` micah , is this about earlier ? '' 
 she shrugged , a flush rising to her face . 
 she 'd never felt unsure of garrett being able to keep an eye on their daughter , and the emotion bothered her . 
 he grasped her shoulders gently , as if she would break , and stared into her eyes . 
 `` love , i do n't know what happened . 
 i ca n't explain it , nor can i explain why i lost that time . 
 but i would never , ever harm you or elliott intentionally . '' 
 micah sighed and sank against him , wrapping her arms around his waist . 
 she did n't answer . 
 she did n't trust herself to answer . 
 as garrett released her and started down the stairs , micah was hit by a wave of dizziness . 
 she gripped the doorframe , staring down at her husband 's retreating back . 
 his bright red t-shirt shimmered in her vision . 
 rage flooded her , and she felt absolutely certain that she should shove her husband down the stairs . 
 she stepped forward , lifting her hands to push him -- and her vision righted itself . 
 the rage was gone , and garrett was standing at the bottom of the stairs , staring at her . 
 `` micah ? 
 honey , what 's going on ? '' 
 micah shook her head , pressing a hand to the bruise . 
 `` i ... do n't know . '' 
 she focused on the man she loved and wondered what on earth had come over her . 
 `` will you throw some ice in a baggie for me ? '' 
 he nodded and disappeared from sight . 
 micah made her way down the stairs unsteadily , and by the time she came to rest near the kitchen table , garrett handed her the baggie . 
 she pressed it to the back of her head as he asked , `` are you thirsty ? 
 did you take anything ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 just show me what you wanted to show me so i can go lie back down . '' 
 he put a hand to her forehead and then slipped it to her cheek . 
 `` you do n't feel hot . 
 but i do n't think you should lay down , love . 
 you might have a concussion . '' 
 he cradled his head in both hands and tore at his hair . 
 `` god , i ca n't believe this has happened . '' 
 `` quit worrying . '' 
 micah hugged him , inhaling the comforting scent of his cologne . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 she followed him through the swinging door into the further recesses of the basement , where he entered a small , windowless room . 
 a box was open on the floor in front of a wall of filled bookshelves . 
 there were two armchairs against the other wall , separated by a small table and illuminated brass lamp . 
 `` i do n't know why i wanted to open this , '' garrett said excitedly . 
 `` i was n't even going to come in this room tonight . 
 but i just had this crazy feeling ... '' he picked up a leather-bound book from the floor and put it in micah 's hands . 
 the cover was old , the leather peeling away from the cloth inside . 
 there was nothing but a date on the front , gold-embossed -- 1868 . 
 micah sat in one of the chairs , ignoring the cloud of dust that drifted up around her . 
 the first page was faded , the ink yellowed with time . 
 a lilting script declared `` general benjamin w. jones and mrs. adele langley jones , with their daughter beverly , 1868 . '' 
 turning the page , micah landed on an old black-and-white photograph . 
 a dour , older man with dazzling white hair stood military-straight over a seated woman with the kind of breathtaking beauty that belonged in a magazine . 
 on her knee sat a smiling young girl with a round face and laughing eyes . 
 micah turned a quizzical look to her husband . 
 `` a photo album . '' 
 `` better , '' he said , turning the page . 
 he tapped an image of bowridge , the edges of the photo burnt and blackened . 
 beneath it , the same flowery script declared `` bowridge upon purchase , january 10th , 1868 . '' 
 micah turned another page and found an image of the daughter on the covered porch , her chubby legs on tip-toe as she peered out the window . 
 `` she 's young here . 
 what do you think ? 
 five ? '' 
 garrett nodded . 
 `` yeah , that was my guess . '' 
 `` they look so happy . 
 well '' -- micah laughed -- `` mrs. jones and beverly do . 
 the general is ... um ... sour . '' 
 garrett laughed . 
 micah flipped through half the book , and then the pictures just ended at a final photo of beverly sitting on the wicker chair on the covered porch . 
 `` they stop . '' 
 `` and look ... '' garrett tugged a stack of papers from inside the box , handing them over . 
 it was a certificate of sale for november 1868 . 
 `` they only lived here for ten months ? '' 
 `` looks that way . 
 i tried to find out what happened . 
 if they moved away . 
 but there 's nothing . 
 the house traded into the ness family . '' 
 `` my family , '' micah mused . 
 she traced the profile of the little girl in her last picture at bowridge . 
 `` i wonder what her story is . '' 
 garrett took the album from her , setting it gently on top of the box before he offered her his hands . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll tuck you in with a fresh bag of ice . '' 
 * she sat , silent in her worries . 
 she had dreaded leaving her father alone ; he had been married to her mother for so long that he could hardly care for himself . 
 but she missed her daughter . 
 the carriage trundled through the city , the familiar sights easing her nerves . 
 she tugged at her high-necked dress ; the heat was nearly unendurable . 
 if it were n't for benjamin 's assignment to savannah , they never would have left the more agreeable climate in the north . 
 a smile broke out over her face as she drew near to bowridge . 
 home . 
 she could n't wait to see her family , to feel the embrace of her husband and the tiny hands of her daughter . 
 to forget the pain of her mother 's passing . 
 * micah 's eyes opened to the dark night and a steady patter of rain on the window . 
 she lay still on her back , garrett 's hand resting on her stomach as he slept . 
 the dream had seemed so vivid , so real . 
 she 'd been in the carriage . 
 she felt the cobblestones beneath the wheels , jolting and uncomfortable . 
 she had heard the clip-clop of hooves , the calls of passers-by outside the open window . 
 the smell of southern magnolia . 
 was she channeling adele jones ? 
 the simple but telling images in the jones ' family album had haunted micah all evening , preoccupying her mind through a spaghetti dinner prepared by a guilty garrett , and through a late-night movie with elliott . 
 maybe her mind had latched onto adele -- a young woman with a young child . 
 it had just felt so damn real . 
 with a sigh , micah turned over and closed her eyes to go back to sleep , but she snapped them open a moment later when sticks 's growl ripped through the room . 
 micah sat up , rubbing her eyes as she searched for his shadow on the floor . 
 she was surprised to find his silhouette standing at the door to the covered patio -- a door that was standing wide open , though it had been closed and locked at bedtime . 
 she swiveled on her bottom and got out of bed , drawn by sticks 's low growl like a moth to its demise . 
 she wiped her sweaty palms on her nightgown . 
 sticks 's hackles were raised , his four legs planted firmly on the hardwood floor and his nose pointed out through the doorway . 
 micah did n't want to look . 
 she did n't want to see a ghostly adele langley jones or general benjamin on the porch , returned to bowridge in death . 
 but she was drawn to the porch , unable to stop her forward momentum . 
 she gasped as the porch came into view . 
 a small blonde figure sat primly in the chair , her back to the doorway . 
 micah crossed the threshold . 
 `` elliott ? '' 
 she asked in a low voice , slowly walking up to the chair . 
 but the face that turned to look at her was n't her daughter 's . 
 a face more than a century old peered up at micah -- the face of beverly jones . 
 `` may i go play , mother ? '' 
 the voice echoed as if it were two different voices combined . 
 heart racing , micah stepped backwards , riveted by the face of a long-dead child . 
 beverly lifted a hand to point at the window . 
 no , beyond the window . 
 micah followed her fingertip . 
 in the park across the street , lit by flickering torches she 'd never seen before , a group of children played . 
 micah turned back to beverly to find the girl watching her . 
 the child 's face flickered -- a brief image of elliott shone through , and micah screamed . 
 all at once , beverly faded , leaving a confused elliott sitting in the chair in her supernatural wake . 
 elliott reached for micah . 
 `` momma ? 
 was i sleepwalking ? '' 
 micah fainted . 
 * she mounted the steps at bowridge , her heart singing at the thought of beverly waiting for her on the other side of the door . 
 her daughter was her everything ; the two weeks adele had spent away at her parents ' home had felt like a lifetime . 
 adele 's key clicked in the lock , and she opened the door . 
 `` beverly ? 
 mother 's home . '' 
 she stepped inside , listening for the shuffling run of her five-year-old daughter as she shut and locked the door . 
 the house was entirely too hot . 
 adele yearned for the colder north as she opened the front window in the living room in an attempt to circulate some air . 
 benjamin appeared in the archway , a smile flitting across his face beneath his bushy white beard . 
 adele offered him a chaste kiss . 
 `` my husband , '' she greeted him . 
 `` where is beverly ? '' 
 her husband 's face darkened . 
 `` beverly sneaked from the house again to play with the ... riffraff next door . 
 i punished her by making her sit on the porch to watch them play . '' 
 `` oh , benjamin . '' 
 adele sighed . 
 `` you really must learn to rein in your temper . 
 she is only a child . '' 
 `` she must learn early to obey me , '' he boomed . 
 `` lest she not obey her future husband . '' 
 adele bit her tongue . 
 arguing would do no good . 
 her husband was arrogant . 
 he always would be . 
 `` instruct cook to start dinner , '' adele told him . 
 `` beverly and i will meet you in the dining room shortly . '' 
 adele walked into her bedroom , tugging her traveling gloves from her hands . 
 `` beverly ? 
 dearest one , i am home . '' 
 she paused as she tucked her gloves into the drawer of her bureau . 
 no reply was forthcoming from the porch . 
 `` beverly ? '' 
 she called , heading for the door . 
 her daughter 's head rested on the back of her favorite wicker chair . 
 adele smiled . 
 the chit had fallen asleep ! 
 she clicked over the concrete floor and gazed down at her daughter lovingly . 
 the breath caught in adele 's throat . 
 beverly 's eyes were wide open , glassy and unseeing . 
 * micah was unsure when dreams became reality . 
 it was dark outside the bedroom window . 
 garrett was n't in bed beside her . 
 the bathroom spilled warm yellow light into the room . 
 adele felt as if she were imprinted on micah 's senses . 
 panic gripped her at the memory of beverly 's dead eyes . 
 beverly ? 
 or elliott ? 
 the covered porch was hot , still filled with the heat of the day . 
 tears pricked micah 's eyes as she saw the small blonde figure upon the wicker chair . 
 it was elliott . 
 her body lay limp exactly as beverly jones had died , and her pale blue eyes stared out over the park forever . 
 * micah 's limbs were numb . 
 she felt her way down the staircase one foot at a time . 
 she trailed her fingertips along the wall but did n't feel it . 
 garrett was walking past the steps on his way to the basement stairs when he noticed her ghosting down . 
 `` micah ? 
 honey , what are you doing out of bed ? '' 
 he came to meet her , gently taking her hands . 
 `` you had a nasty fall on the porch . 
 you scared elliott half to death . 
 you should be resting . '' 
 micah resisted as he attempted to steer her back up the stairs . 
 she jerked from his grasp and backed away down the hallway . 
 `` beverly is dead . '' 
 garrett stiffened . 
 he walked away from her , a tight , controlled gait . 
 `` that ca n't be . 
 i must check with aida about dinner . '' 
 `` how long was she on the porch , benjamin ? '' 
 micah shrieked , advancing on her husband . 
 garrett spun around , his back to the basement staircase as his eyes hardened . 
 `` no daughter of mine will consort with lower classes . '' 
 `` she shall never consort with anyone ever again . 
 you have murdered our daughter with your hubris . '' 
 micah ended the statement on a primal yell , one borne of anger , hate , and grief . 
 she rushed at garrett , both hands connecting with his solid chest . 
 he wheeled backwards , his eyes registering his imminent accident , and then he tumbled down the steps . 
 the ensuing silence rang in micah 's ears . 
 she waited a moment before she stepped forward and gazed down . 
 garrett ... no , benjamin ... her husband lay prone on the black-and-white floor , blood oozing from beneath his head . 
 his eyes were closed , his limbs splayed . 
 the numbness returned . 
 first her mother -- wait , i just spoke to jean earlier today about her visit , she is n't dead -- then her daughter ... and now , she 'd killed her husband . 
 micah returned to the third floor and the safe haven of her marital bedroom . 
 she wanted to see her daughter one last time , but the very idea of going back out to the porch and seeing elliott 's beautiful eyes ... a sob wrenched her body . 
 she slid the sash up on the front window . 
 the georgia night was cool -- a cool night would n't have killed my daughter . 
 only a hot night . 
 hot . 
 -- and breezy . 
 tears slid down her cheeks as micah leaned out over the street . 
 a flash -- this is the window where the water-stained face is -- and micah put one leg out the window . 
 micah , wake up . 
 ohmygod , micah no ! 
 her torso was through now . 
 micah struggled to the surface , struggled against the influence of adele , but it was a losing battle . 
 adele 's anguish was too strong . 
 if i can not have my child ... you shall not have yours either . 
 micah tried to hold on , but her fingers let go , and she began to fall . 
 she did n't even scream . 
 * `` welcome , mr. and mrs. coleman ! '' 
 janet kramer held out a hand , first to the prim and proper missus , and then to the stout but sweetly smiling mister . 
 she knelt before the small girl clinging to her mother 's hand . 
 `` and you must be kate ! 
 it 's a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 kate smiled shyly . 
 `` hi . '' 
 janet stood , tucking her clipboard against her elbow as she grinned at the couple . 
 `` you will simply love this house , mrs. coleman . 
 it is exactly what you were hoping for when we began searching for your perfect southern mansion . '' 
 mrs. coleman stared up at the hulking monstrosity . 
 even beneath the september sun , it seemed dark and menacing . 
 `` i do n't know , janet . 
 is n't it ... a little run down ? '' 
 `` nonsense , '' janet replied . 
 `` the former family did quite a bit of clean-up on it , so it 's rather lovely inside . 
 if you 'll follow me . '' 
 she mounted the crumbling front steps . 
 `` the outside does need a little work , of course . 
 you can see how the concrete façade has a bit of weather damage . '' 
 `` an easy fix , '' mr. coleman said with a succinct nod . 
 inside , janet showed them through the living room and dining rooms , pointing out the staircase to the basement before she led them upstairs . 
 `` this bedroom here at the end of the hall makes a lovely little girl 's room , what with the pink-and-white striped wallpaper . 
 i envision ruffles and teddy bears every time i see it . '' 
 janet tittered . 
 `` it is lovely , '' mrs. coleman agreed . 
 `` what do you think , kate ? '' 
 but the little girl was nowhere to be found . 
 `` kate ? '' 
 mrs. coleman 's heart skipped a beat . 
 the house was so large and unfamiliar ... they found six-year-old kate standing on the covered porch . 
 `` what are you doing , dear ? '' 
 mrs. coleman asked , crossing the porch to gaze out over the peaceful street . 
 across the way , a group of kids clambered about the playground . 
 `` can you see them ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 her mother smiled indulgently . 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 kate 's pretty face turned up to her beseechingly . 
 `` may i go play ? '' 
 join my mailing list stay up to date with heather 's new releases , including the rest of the old houses series , by joining her mailing list . 
 or here : heathermarieadkins.com/mailinglist.html . 
 she only sends out an email when she has a new release . 
 newsletter subscribers receive exclusive information about upcoming books , events , and giveaways , as well as the chance to win an ebook in every letter ! 
 did you enjoy may i go play ? 
 tell the world ! 
 please consider leaving a review where you bought it , even if it 's only an informal line or two . 
 reviews are crucial to an author 's success in this digital world , so your support and generosity would be much appreciated ! 
 did you know heather will send you a gift for every three -lrb- 3 -rrb- reviews you write ? 
 contact her at heather@heathermarieadkins.com or join her facebook group , books by heather marie adkins , for more info . 
 turn the page for a sneak peek at the first novel in the old houses series , the house ! 
 the house all susan owens wants after getting her master 's degree is to take a break . 
 instead , she 's dragged into helping her family of eight move across the country to her grandma 's ancestral home in florida . 
 the old house is a mess that goes beyond the aesthetic . 
 some of susan 's ancestors are n't really `` gone , '' and they 're determined to act out their anger . 
 along with her occult-obssessed sister , and a too-cute-to-be-true neighbor sending mixed signals , susan takes up her grandmother 's search for a way to save the house . 
 if she ca n't save the family home , susan can at least hope her family makes it out alive . 
 chapter 1 the door was falling off its hinges and the house looked like something out of a b-horror movie , but my parents wanted to keep it . 
 i could n't seem to wrap my head around the concept . 
 granted , hinges were an easy fix . 
 a little putty here , a new bracket there , and we 'd have a door that swung back and forth the way it was supposed to with a minimum of horror-movie creaking . 
 i suppose the thing that bothered me the most was how the whole structure , door included , seemed covered in viscous , sinister darkness . 
 it was a bright day as we stood outside on the concrete driveway beneath the relentless florida sun . 
 my oversized sunglasses could barely keep out the rays , but the two-and-a-half story , hulking monstrosity was as dark as a castle on the moors at night . 
 it was more like we were standing in front of the haunted mansion in the middle of happy-go-lucky disney world ; the structure should n't have been as foreboding . 
 peach shutters and monstrous white columns framing the porch could n't make the place look happy . 
 not even the colorful beds of tickseed , elephant ears , canna lilies , and amaranth flowers , nor the crisp look of the sunshine darting off the old-fashioned , bottle-glass windows helped much . 
 the house tried for `` home '' but it failed . 
 miserably . 
 and we were supposed to live here ? 
 `` so , what do you think , love ? '' 
 my mother asked . 
 liz owens , ex-college professor , now homemaker , ran a hand over the back of her neck , and then frowned at her sweaty palm . 
 `` neoclassical ? '' 
 my dad , tim , pursed his lips and squinted , as if that could help him think better . 
 `` do n't know . 
 looks more georgian . '' 
 `` georgians do n't have columns , '' mom argued . 
 yeah , my parents are architecture nerds . 
 their conversation became muted as they disappeared inside the creepy front door , leaving me and my gaggle of five siblings on the driveway . 
 matt , one of my fourteen-year-old brothers , pushed sam , his twin , onto the lawn . 
 with a short bark of laughter , matt scurried inside after my parents , shouting , `` last one in 's a loser ! '' 
 he was trailed quickly thereafter by the baby of our family , nine-year-old camille , her tiny form shooting through the doorframe followed by her shout , `` ohmygawd , a staircase ! '' 
 i grabbed sam by his shirt and hauled him to his feet , but he shoved me away and streaked into the house to inflict bodily harm on his twin . 
 `` i must be adopted , '' i told rachel , straightening my shirt . 
 my eighteen-year-old sister shoved her harry potter-esque glasses up her nose and smirked . 
 `` you 're not the one with red hair . 
 clearly , i 'm the milkman 's kid . '' 
 isabella , sixteen and sulky , pushed past us , skinny hips swishing as she mounted the steps . 
 `` if anyone was adopted , it 's matt and sam . 
 they 're boys . '' 
 inside , my brothers ' heavy footsteps echoed off the floorboards , punctuated by `` whoa ! '' 
 and `` hey , come ` ere ! '' 
 i rolled my eyes , and motioned for rachel to precede me up the steps . 
 this was the first time my brothers and sisters had ever seen the house where our grandmother grew up and spent the last years of her life ; for me , only vague memories remained of the place . 
 i was twenty-four now . 
 almost twenty years had passed since i last visited . 
 i stood on the lawn and stared up . 
 neoclassical or georgian , whatever , under the dilapidation , there were signs it could be a beautiful house with a little tlc . 
 it was a brick a-frame with a large front porch shaded by four classic columns . 
 a covered porch jutted off of one side , and a screened room off the other . 
 the windows were symmetrically spaced and suspiciously resembled eyeballs . 
 it felt like the house was watching me from those dark , gaping sockets . 
 it was a real , live mansion , and it was our new home . 
 i stopped before stepping across the threshold and pressed a hand to the cool , stained glass that lined the wall to the right of the door . 
 it was smooth where it looked rough , textured where it looked smooth . 
 red , green , and yellow glass waved across the glass like the surface of the ocean under a thunderstorm . 
 i thought it was lovely , like an abstract painting . 
 cam skidded into view in the foyer , and then grinned broadly when she saw me in the doorway . 
 she bounced on the tip of her toes . 
 `` ohmygawd , susan . 
 matt touched a curtain in the fancy sitting room and it fell on him . 
 there 's dust everywhere . 
 come see ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i mean , i know we ca n't take them out in public , but seriously . 
 they 're already destroying the new house ? '' 
 cam cackled and disappeared again . 
 before stepping inside the house i paused , my attention caught by a flash of color on the porch . 
 to my left , propped against a large , concrete planter covered in peeling white paint , was a bundle of fresh flowers . 
 i walked closer , my forehead crinkling . 
 daisies . 
 white daisies . 
 i knew for a fact they were my grandmother 's favorite because they were mine , too . 
 the bundle of a dozen was securely fastened by a dark purple ribbon , the frayed edges of which trailed over the warped porch boards -- beauty on decay . 
 odd . 
 `` susan ? 
 sweetheart , are you coming ? '' 
 mom 's voice drifted from somewhere within the house . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 i called back , shooting one last look at the flowers . 
 leaving them where they were , i went inside . 
 the first thing i noticed when i stepped through the heavy wooden doorway was the way the late afternoon sunlight splashed brilliant colors through the stained glass and across the oak floors . 
 i turned to get the full effect -- the glass was aglow . 
 it lit the entrance hall like a hallowed chapel . 
 it was beautiful and so very different from our old house . 
 for a minute , i was almost happy to be moving here . 
 then i turned and eyed the foyer . 
 the place felt as empty and unloved as a crumbling , abandoned abbey . 
 a grand stairway curved up the right wall , the deep brown of the banister worn smooth from use and the steps sagging in the middle with the weight of time . 
 at the top of the staircase , a long , thin window was alight with sunshine over a landing that promptly turned one-hundred-and-eighty degrees to continue upstairs . 
 the foyer before me continued under the overhead landing through a single , arched doorway that led into darker recesses of the house . 
 i could hear my family -- dad 's squeaking sneakers and the prissy tip-tap of mom 's heels over the twins ' shuffles . 
 rachel and izzy were already arguing . 
 big surprise . 
 i let the door shut with a heavy thud behind me , and the house fell into a near-reverential silence . 
 the front hall was small but ornate , with walls of pale wainscoting beneath navy blue and gold wallpaper that felt like cloth beneath my fingertips . 
 the ceiling was high and hung with a simple brass chandelier . 
 i flicked the heavy switch on the wall and the globes illuminated . 
 the dim light dispelled few of the shadows . 
 i had the urge to touch everything , morphing back into the little girl i was when i spent those brief summer visits with granny and my great-grandparents . 
 nothing about the house was familiar , no matter how hard i reached for dusty memories . 
 i ran a palm over the white wicker telephone table to the left of the front door , and picked up the receiver of the old-fashioned rotary phone , pressing it to my ear . 
 i listened to the steady dial tone for a moment before replacing the handset . 
 a pair of french double doors led off to the left into a large , open living room . 
 i fumbled blindly on the wall in the darkness until my fingers connected with the light switch , and then flicked it . 
 the same wallpaper covered the walls , and heavy mauve draperies covered three floor-to-ceiling windows along the front of the house . 
 a stone fireplace dominated the outside wall ; it was black with soot , and several charred logs still rested on the andirons above gray river rock . 
 picture frames lined the mantel , dusty memories of my family -- i recognized my grandmother in many , although she was young and different from the woman i had known . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 rachel passed through the room , clutching her paperback to her chest with one elbow as she pulled her wild red hair into a ponytail . 
 `` i think it feels like trespassing . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i nodded to the worn oak end table . 
 sitting perfectly centered on a cork coaster , an open can of coca-cola gathered dust . 
 `` when do you think granny opened that ? 
 a day before she died ? 
 a week ? '' 
 rachel stood over the table , face unreadable . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` granny 's ghost is here . '' 
 `` not literally , '' rachel murmured . 
 `` no . 
 well , not what i meant , anyway . '' 
 without another word , my sister drifted from the room , and i turned back to the sitting area . 
 the couch faced the fireplace and it oozed relaxation after eighteen hours on the road . 
 i had a flash of memory : i sat on that pink , floral pattern eating popsicles made out of cherry kool-aid while playing scrabble with my cousin , beth . 
 we had n't been the neatest of eaters ; red droplets splattered the letter tiles , and granny had made us wash them when we were done . 
 in the present , the sticky liquid was phantom-like on my hands i crossed the creaky hardwood and settled onto a cushion . 
 it sank like the much-loved piece of furniture it was , and i lay my head back , closing my eyes and inhaling the scent of eucalyptus . 
 `` susan ? 
 hon ? 
 you in there ? '' 
 i cracked open an eye . 
 my mom 's silhouette floated in the illuminated doorway to my right , where i caught sight of a corner of the dining room table . 
 her springtime dress was the same yellow as sunflowers , belted at her tiny waist with a fuchsia ribbon . 
 she tapped over in her red high heels . 
 `` darling ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i smiled , reveling in the fine lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth . 
 her bobbed chestnut hair framed a long , angular face and highlighted the deep blue of her eyes . 
 the beauty she 'd carried her entire life had only matured over time . 
 everyone who knew my mom and me said i looked just like her . 
 my hair is a little longer , and i usually wear it up , plus i 'm curvier , thanks to dad 's genes . 
 it was hard for me to believe i was as pretty as my mom , but i always took it as a compliment . 
 `` that 's unsightly , do n't you think ? '' 
 i asked her , pointing at an exposed pipe high up in the corner of the room . 
 it jutted from the wall and disappeared through the ceiling . 
 my mother laughed . 
 `` it 's some kind of flue . 
 probably for the kitchen . 
 you 're evading my question . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , momma , i 'm fine . 
 just thinking of granny . '' 
 mom leaned over and brushed a lock of my long , dark brown hair from eyes . 
 `` mmm . 
 i miss her too , baby . 
 why do n't you come see the rest of the house ? 
 i ca n't imagine you remember too much , you were only six the last time we were here . '' 
 heaving myself from the plush cushions , i followed her from the room . 
 in the foyer , matt and sam flanked dad at the bottom of the stairs . 
 all three were staring intently at the floor , hands shoved in pockets and hips cocked to the left . 
 the similar postures were eerie considering dad had like eighty pounds over each of my brothers . 
 camille flew out of nowhere and threw herself dramatically around my hips . 
 `` see that ? 
 dad says it 's bloooood . '' 
 she drew out the word like it was a mythological piece of nonsense . 
 knowing my father , it could have been . 
 he was known for spouting tall tales to scare/impress/embarrass his children . 
 i stared down at cam . 
 she had recently begged for a boy 's haircut , and my mother had eventually consented . 
 now my sister 's long hair was replaced by a shorn brown cap . 
 with the flat chest of pre-pubescence , my beautiful baby sister could now pass for boy . 
 `` i doubt it 's blood , '' i answered her , hugging her skinny shoulders to my abdomen . 
 i dragged her the last few feet to where dad stood . 
 he furrowed his bushy gray eyebrows at the stain on the floor and shook his head . 
 `` someone must have spilled something . 
 wine , maybe . 
 i remember a cellar . '' 
 `` it does look a little like blood , '' i murmured . 
 the nasty , rust-colored stain spread in a circular arc on an otherwise pristine hardwood floor . 
 `` cool , '' matt said at the same time sam muttered , `` gross . '' 
 `` it 's not blood . '' 
 dad put his hands on his substantial hips and frowned . 
 in the dim light that filtered through the window on the second floor landing , the stain looked particularly foreboding . 
 mom sighed . 
 `` we 'll throw down a rug . 
 it 's probably just wine like you said , tom . 
 mother always had a thing for a glass of merlot . 
 where are the girls ? '' 
 dad cocked his graying head at the stairs . 
 `` they went up . '' 
 matt bumped me affectionately with his shoulder as we mounted the stairs . 
 at fourteen , the twins were already taller than me . 
 their bodies were as long and thin as overextended stretch armstrong dolls , topped with shaggy black hair and penetrating dark eyes . 
 i tried really hard not to think of them as men ; it was weird enough that they were already shaving . 
 at the top of the stairs , the florida sun shone warmly through the six-foot window so that sunlight touched all corners of the foyer . 
 a left turn put us up another short flight of steps -- lined with portraits of dour ladies in severe black dresses and men with ridiculously high , white collars -- there 's no way we were going to keep those things up -- and we continued to the second floor . 
 a long , straight hallway stretched to the left and right , lined with oriental rugs so worn from use that the colors had faded beyond recognition . 
 i trailed fingers down the creamy , textured walls , following the parade of parents , twins , and cam , and absently wondering how many bedrooms the ancient house held . 
 i hoped there would be enough for all of us . 
 at twenty-four , i was definitely old enough to be living on my own and caring for myself , but i had spent the previous six years in college getting my master 's degree . 
 mom and dad supported me while i went to school , so when they told me they were planning on moving into granny 's old house in florida , i had n't yet saved enough money to live alone . 
 which was why i ended up hauling my stuff cross-country with nothing but a prayer that once we settled in , i could find a job . 
 but , i certainly did not plan on sharing a room with any of my younger sisters . 
 or , god forbid , my brothers . 
 izzy stood in the doorway of a small bedroom at the end of the hall , thin arms wrapped over her chest . 
 one lock of her platinum-dyed blonde fauxhawk fell over her cheek as her dark eyes stared at the ceiling . 
 the brunette fuzz on either side of her head contrasted deeply to the bottle-peroxide . 
 `` darling ? '' 
 mom asked gently , shaking her shoulder . 
 izzy jumped , accidentally landing on my foot in her thick-soled combat boots . 
 i yelped and hopped away in a haze of stabbing pain . 
 i shoved her . 
 `` jesus , izzy ! 
 watch what you 're doing . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she gazed at me with a weird mixture of apology and ... what was she afraid of ? 
 `` iz ? 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 i grabbed her wrist and stared uneasily into her eyes . 
 she was shaking . 
 `` there 's something up there . '' 
 her breathy voice was barely discernible as matt and sam bickered behind us . 
 at her gesture , i looked up at the ceiling in the bedroom , where an attic door was set in the plaster . 
 `` i heard voices . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 camille asked , tugging on mom 's dress . 
 i stepped around izzy and into the room , its warm , green walls like a cocoon around me . 
 it was small -- barely big enough for the old fashioned twin bed in the corner and the single dresser . 
 a white ladder was built into the wall beside the single , warped glass window to the right of the bed . 
 i tilted an ear towards the ceiling . 
 `` i do n't hear anything , iz , '' i called to my sister over my shoulder . 
 `` there were voices ... and ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` clanking . '' 
 `` you probably just heard the wind , darling . '' 
 mom sighed , pressing the fingers of one slender hand to her forehead . 
 `` come on , we need to count bedrooms and figure out how many we have . 
 if i remember correctly , there are only five . '' 
 only five . 
 damn . 
 there would definitely be some doubling up . 
 mom and dad plus six kids ? 
 ugh . 
 i stayed in the room as my parents and siblings disbanded in the hallway . 
 their voices grew distant , and heavy feet pounded down the stairs . 
 i was alone in the small , cool room . 
 i wandered closer to the ladder and laid my hands on the metal . 
 it was cold and the reverberation of my touch made an audible humming sound . 
 i stared intently at the door in the ceiling , wondering what it was my sister heard . 
 nothing . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 rachel 's voice floated into the room , startling me . 
 she stood in the doorway with her book tucked under one arm and an inhaler in the palm of her other hand . 
 she took a couple of deep breaths from it , her chest rising and falling . 
 her round glasses reflected the sunlight coming through the window so that i could n't see her eyes . 
 her brilliant red hair was a halo of curls around her face , already spilling from her earlier ponytail . 
 `` just looking . '' 
 tucking my arm through hers , and with a backwards glance at the empty bedroom , we ran to catch up with the rest of the family . 
 chapter 2 `` five rooms , troops , '' dad 's voice boomed in the kitchen , bouncing off the stone floor as if he were using an amplifier . 
 the kitchen was by far my favorite room in the house . 
 it was painted in warm shades of orange and rust , and the cabinets were inlaid with glass panes to showcase all of granny 's beautiful dishes . 
 double glass doors led to the backyard where the sun was thinking about setting . 
 the small , pale oak table only had four chairs , and the twins and mom sat in three of them . 
 i tapped izzy on the arm , and she slid over to make room for me on her chair . 
 dad met our eyes one by one as he said , `` one room for mom and me leaves four for you guys . 
 that 's four of you rooming up . 
 i vote susan , as the oldest , is allowed her own room . '' 
 there was a chorus of groans and `` aw , come on ! '' . 
 i preened and fought the urge to throw myself on his feet in gratitude . 
 `` thanks , dad . '' 
 `` i want to room with izzy , '' rachel murmured without looking up . 
 she was propped against the granite counter with her nose in her latest thriller novel . 
 izzy nodded glumly beside me . 
 back home in kentucky , she 'd had to share with camille , so i knew it was a tough pill for the sixteen-year-old to swallow that she would have to share again . 
 hell , we all had to share at some point . 
 before i left for school , i shared a room with rachel . 
 teenage years are such a private , volatile time . 
 having a little sister underfoot is n't easy . 
 but i knew neither teenager wanted to room with the kid sister , either . 
 `` of course , the twins will room together , '' mom said , nodding at matt and sam . 
 they nodded in agreement , freakishly identical motions only made weirder by devious grins on their freckled faces . 
 `` camille -- are you okay with sleeping alone , sweetie ? '' 
 mom turned her gaze to cam . 
 `` yep ! '' 
 cam did n't take her eyes from the nintendo ds in her hands , where a dog barked from the speakers . 
 she would probably line her stuffed animals up around the perimeter of the room and call it a fort . 
 the kid was weird . 
 i was startled by a loud trill from dad 's pocket . 
 the man was legally deaf in one ear , so he really needed a hearing aid but was too stubborn to get one . 
 he dug out his cell phone and answered with a loud , `` hello ? '' 
 `` you 're still freaked , '' i murmured to izzy , leaning against her . 
 her bare arm was warm on my own . 
 `` i know what i heard , '' she whispered back . 
 `` there were voices . '' 
 i opened my mouth to respond , but was interrupted by a jarring blast of thunder that shook the walls . 
 izzy jumped and almost landed in my lap , her skinny arms wrapping around my bicep . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 dad barked , perturbed . 
 he listened for a moment , one hand leaning on the table . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` i understand . 
 thank you . '' 
 he flipped his phone shut and sighed , rubbing the irritated squiggle line between his eyebrows . 
 `` moving truck wo n't be here until the morning . '' 
 mom rested her elbows on the tabletop with a groan . 
 there was exhaustion etched in the dark circles beneath her eyes . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` storms . '' 
 dad shrugged . 
 he wandered over to the french doors , hands clasped behind his back as he looked to the west . 
 `` driver said it 's headed this way . 
 they pulled off the highway in georgia . '' 
 `` at least we have furniture , '' i pointed out , leaning back in the seat . 
 my butt was hanging half off the chair , and it was n't very comfy . 
 `` beds and such . 
 we can go without our pajamas for one night , right ? '' 
 `` we can sleep naked ! '' 
 matt and sam chorused . 
 mom rolled her eyes and looked pointedly at dad . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` boys , sleep in your boxers . 
 at least if only for the sake of the rest of us . '' 
 his statement was highlighted by another rumble from the sky . 
 silence fell , and we all turned to the glass doors . 
 black clouds rolled towards us from the horizon , thick and daunting . 
 we came from the outskirts of tornado alley , so one would think we 'd be used to this kind of weather . 
 but there was something about this storm . 
 this house . 
 i shivered . 
 `` we should get our stuff out of the car before the sky opens , '' rachel suggested , turning the corner of a page down in her novel and closing it . 
 a closer crash of thunder startled us into motion . 
 * as the baby , mom wanted cam 's room close to hers , so i got the smallest of the selection . 
 it happened to be the one with the attic door . 
 i stared at the strange white door in the ceiling and thought of izzy 's adamant claims that she 'd heard something up there . 
 i was n't sure what to think about it . 
 with the storm coming in and the strange creaks and groans of an old house , there could have been any number of explanations . 
 definitely nothing weird , though . 
 the sage-green walls , clean and bright when the sun was out , looked dingy in the growing twilight of the storm . 
 i ran a finger down the paint -- my skin felt like it should come away unclean . 
 there was a tall dresser against the wall to the left of the door and a closet in the right wall . 
 small and simple . 
 like me . 
 i stepped over to the ladder and wrapped one hand around a rung . 
 it was cold , white metal , and it rang hollow like a pipe . 
 i eyed the horizontal slabs of white that marked the attic door . 
 the paint was cracked , revealing pale , scarred wood . 
 it was easily almost ninety degrees outside , but i could feel a draft push down between the boards . 
 it sent a chill through me , and i tried not to think of what izzy could have heard . 
 if we had bats , i 'd die . 
 i dropped my duffel bag onto the knitted white coverlet . 
 the entire bed shook under its weight , and seriously , there was n't that much in there . 
 which meant the bed was n't in the best condition and would probably collapse beneath me during the night . 
 dislike . 
 i unzipped the bag and started pulling out my belongings in the hope that unpacking might make me feel a little at home . 
 the four paperbacks got stacked on my nightstand , and i threw my favorite stuffed teddy bear on the pillow . 
 i changed out of my blue jeans and into the pink-and-white candy-striped shorts i 'd brought from home , and then shrugged off my button-up shirt . 
 tossing the bag to the floor at the foot of the bed , i gingerly crawled beneath the covers . 
 the storm had really kicked up outside as i settled into bed and opened my current read . 
 intermittent rumbles of thunder and lightning illuminated the room through the curtains and shook the walls like some kind of movie magic . 
 i angled the lampshade on the bedside lamp for optimum light ; it made me feel a little safer . 
 i had only managed a few paragraphs into the mystery novel when i noticed a steady scratching sound . 
 i glanced up and around the dusky room , brow knitted . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 it sounded like a dog 's claws on the floor , but thanks to dad and rachel 's rampant allergies , that was impossible . 
 i shoved back the covers and stood up , hesitating . 
 izzy 's voice flashed through my head -- i know what i heard . 
 there were voices . 
 -- and i realized maybe i did n't want to find out what was scratching in my bedroom . 
 how asinine . 
 i chuckled , shaking my head . 
 i could n't let my little sister 's overactive imagination scare me . 
 i wandered towards the wall , my teeth worrying at my bottom lip as i cocked my head towards the sound . 
 the scratching led me to the window next to the ladder . 
 an old pine tree grew close to the house just outside the glass . 
 its long limbs were brushing against my bedroom window with every gust of wind . 
 i laughed out loud , more relieved than i probably should have been . 
 back in bed , i got used to the sound of the window being scratched by nearby branches . 
 the rain poured , which did a little to block the sound , but it also made my eyes heavy . 
 i sank against the pillow and fought to keep them open as i read . 
 i must have dozed with my book in hand , because i shot awake sometime later . 
 the paperback had ended up on the floor , and my fingertips dangled above it . 
 the small lamp was still lit , but it was so dark and nasty outside that the shadows stretched through my room . 
 groggy and disoriented , i pushed myself to my elbows , trying to pinpoint what had awakened me . 
 the rain still poured and the tree still tapped at the window . 
 i sat up and gazed around the small space . 
 then i heard it . 
 moans . 
 from above . 
 what the ... my skin chilled beneath the coverlet . 
 i slowly lifted my eyes to the attic door . 
 it could have been the wind , rushing through the uppermost eaves of the house . 
 old houses have a lot of quirks , and granny 's place was no exception . 
 if i had n't known any better , i would have sworn i could hear the murmur of voices above me . 
 not possible . 
 i threw back the covers and swiveled to put my feet to the floor . 
 the room had cooled significantly , and goose bumps popped up on my arms . 
 for the second time that night , i tried to hear past the storm , my ear pointed towards the ceiling . 
 what had first sounded like moans now sounded like ... singing ? 
 maybe my bravery stemmed from the fact that i was still caught somewhere between sleeping and waking , but i stood , crossed to the ladder , and mounted it , determined to open the door and see what was up there . 
 probably a freaking hole in the roof -- just what we needed with dad laid off . 
 i 'd only ascended a few rungs when the moans intensified . 
 loud , painful groans that were too loud and too irregular to explain away as sounds of the storm . 
 shit ! 
 i scrambled off the ladder , landing hard on my feet . 
 pain shot up my heels and the momentum threw me to my butt . 
 i caught myself on my palms and crab-walked away from the attic door . 
 my heart pounded . 
 almost as immediately as it started , the sounds stopped . 
 so did the storm . 
 in the split second of eerie silence , a scream issued from the attic . 
 i do n't even remember getting to my feet , but i ran into dad in the hallway , bouncing off his soft chest in the dark . 
 he gripped my arms , steadying me . 
 his eyes glittered in the dark hallway as he tried to make out which child he 'd almost run over . 
 `` susan nora owens ! 
 you scared the life out of me . 
 are you okay ? 
 why 'd you scream ? '' 
 `` it was n't me , '' i said , pointing back at my room . 
 the light from my lamp slanted on the hallway floor . 
 `` i think there 's someone in the attic . '' 
 dad rolled his eyes and rubbed his hands vigorously over his bald patch . 
 `` sue , there 's no way anyone could get into the attic . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around myself , cold in my tank top . 
 i might have pouted . 
 `` i heard moans . 
 and even you heard someone scream . '' 
 with a sigh , he stepped around me and headed for my room , his plaid flannel pajama pants swishing . 
 `` i 'll take a look . 
 it 's going to be the wind , and you 're going to feel silly . '' 
 `` whatever , dad , i know what i heard , '' i sighed back , echoing izzy . 
 it irritated me when my father acted so know-it-all . 
 it was a problem because he had passed it down to the rest of us . 
 izzy and rachel poked their heads from their bedroom as i passed , sleep in their eyes . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 izzy said groggily . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered with a shrug , and then stepped back through my bedroom door . 
 dad was already mounting the ladder when i entered . 
 his body seemed a bit too large for the flimsy metal pipes . 
 mom had him on a low-carb thing , though he had n't yet figured it out . 
 it was just a matter of time until he realized she 'd stopped making homemade bread . 
 `` dad , be careful , '' i told him . 
 `` that does n't look too sturdy . '' 
 `` he 's going to hurt himself , '' rachel said from behind me as she entered the room . 
 she plopped down on my bed , adjusting the glasses on her nose , and tucked her long , pale legs underneath her like a pretzel . 
 `` i am not , '' dad huffed as he reached the top of the ladder . 
 another rumble of thunder sounded in the distance . 
 i hoped it was the storm leaving , not another coming in . 
 i was creeped out enough as it was . 
 i felt izzy draw up beside me and glanced over at her . 
 she had braided her fauxhawk patch of blonde hair , and there was a deer-in-the-headlights glow to her face . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` something 's wrong with this house . '' 
 `` it 's just a house . 
 our grandmother 's house , '' i reminded her . 
 `` a house she lived in for only , like , twenty of her eighty years even though it 's belonged to her family forever , '' rachel cut in , picking up my teddy bear and waving an arm at us . 
 `` really ? '' 
 izzy wrinkled her nose . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` because something 's wrong with it , '' izzy shot back . 
 she might as well have said i-told-you-so . 
 the loud clunk of the attic door startled us , and we turned back to dad as he grasped the heavy iron handle and pushed . 
 a draft rushed down from the ceiling , blowing my hair back from my face . 
 it was frigid . 
 i could hear the wind a lot better without the insulation of the door . 
 dad 's head disappeared into the dark rectangle . 
 `` sue ? 
 get me a light , will you ? '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' izzy murmured , fleeing . 
 `` what do you see , dad ? '' 
 rachel called , scooting to the end of my bed for a better look . 
 i found myself rooted to the floor right inside the room , fearful of going any closer . 
 `` ca n't see anything yet . 
 iz ? 
 where 's that flashlight ? '' 
 he yelled , his head ducking back down so he could peer out over the bedroom . 
 izzy rushed back into the room and offered the flashlight up to him . 
 `` here . '' 
 dad heaved his body up through the hole in the ceiling , the beam of the flashlight dancing through the opening until it disappeared . 
 i stood in silence , my face to the attic door as i waited with my sisters . 
 there were a few moments of silence , then my father 's awed murmur came from the abyss above us . 
 `` dear god in heaven . '' 
 chapter 3 okay , so i 'm a little bit of a wuss . 
 i backed towards the door , ready to make a grand escape if dad started screaming , while izzy high-tailed it from the room . 
 rachel was the first up the ladder , her ` nosy ' bell ringing . 
 `` oh , '' she said , her feet still on the top-most rungs and her head through the gaping hole . 
 `` wow . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , inching closer . 
 she pushed herself through the hole without answering , one more family member disappearing into the nothingness beyond the ceiling . 
 from just outside the doorway , izzy sighed -- a little noise that sounded like , `` crazy . '' 
 `` sue , you got ta see this . '' 
 rachel 's voice was muffled . 
 fighting off the shudders , i mounted the ladder . 
 it was terribly cold -- definitely more so than it should have been in a floridian attic in mid-june . 
 i pulled myself through the attic door and slid on my butt across the dusty floor , shivering . 
 `` why is it so frigid ? '' 
 `` your guess is as good as mine , '' dad said , shining his flashlight on me so that i winced beneath the bright light . 
 shielding my eyes , i asked , `` what 's up here ? '' 
 as i got to my feet on the warped floorboards , the beam of light panned away , illuminating a wall covered with built-in bunk beds . 
 then a second wall of beds , and a third . 
 there were no covers or mattresses -- simply shallow boxes built into the walls . 
 at the head of each bunk , heavy chains hung from the wood , rusted with time . 
 each of the chains ended in unlocked shackles ; the kind of steel wrist cuffs found in a medieval torture chamber . 
 i had to slump to keep from hitting my head on the low ceiling . 
 in the darkness of the attic , i made my way over to where my dad and sister stood . 
 `` jesus , '' dad swore . 
 his large hand appeared in the flashlight 's beam and touched one of the posts of the bunk beds . 
 it was deeply gouged , presumably by the chains . 
 `` what kind of pressure would have caused that ? '' 
 rachel murmured , tracing a long , nail-bitten finger over the dark scratches . 
 `` what is this , dad ? '' 
 i asked softly , disturbed by the abundance of a thick , reddish-brown substance on the shackles -- the color was a bit off for regular rust . 
 i shivered to think what it could be , what that stain at the bottom of the stairs could be ... `` if i 'm assuming correctly , i think this was once slaves ' quarters , '' dad answered . 
 he was using his i 'm - bothered-but-trying-to-keep-it-from-my-daughters voice . 
 the last time i heard it was when granny died . 
 i shivered , the hair on the back of my neck crawling . 
 i was fascinated by that ... sludge on the chains . 
 `` they ... shackled the slaves ? 
 to the beds ? '' 
 my father cleared his throat , his face invisible in the dark . 
 `` i imagine to keep them from running , sue . 
 they probably locked them in at night . '' 
 `` why would anybody leave those things on there ? '' 
 rachel shuddered . 
 `` like some kind of macabre artifact . '' 
 `` i do n't know , sweetheart . 
 when the civil war ended , i 'm sure no one ever came up here . 
 maybe they just got forgotten . '' 
 `` i 'm going back down , '' i choked out , turning to head towards the light of my bedroom and away from the darkness hidden in a small attic room above my bed . 
 how the hell was i supposed to sleep in the room below ? 
 * when i awoke the next morning , both my lamp and the lamp i had requisitioned from the living room were still burning merrily . 
 the sun was big and bright outside my window , illuminating the room to leave no trace of the night 's storm . 
 with all the brightness , i felt like i was under a giant magnifying glass . 
 i lay in bed and stared at the peeling , white paint of the attic door . 
 in the harsh and unforgiving light of day , it was even more disturbing . 
 how many men and women -- and ohmygod children -- had lived in that tiny room ? 
 had they bled beneath the metal as they struggled to get out of those cuffs ? 
 how old was that blood ? 
 it 's possible i set a new world record on dressing . 
 i flip-flopped down the stairs in my blue jean cut-offs and guinness t-shirt in a whopping two minutes , leaving both lamps on in my bedroom . 
 mom stood over the stove wearing her favorite bright pink apron , stirring eggs in a saucepan . 
 `` did our bags come ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i 'd watched her pack the apron in a box back home , and said cardboard box was open in a chair at the table . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she shot me a relieved smile . 
 `` your father and brothers are outside helping the movers unload . 
 you should go give them a hand . '' 
 i ignored the request . 
 on purpose . 
 `` should n't you be using a skillet ? '' 
 i asked her , dropping wearily into a chair at the worn-out kitchen table . 
 the clock over the cabinets read much too early , and i was tempted to go crawl back in bed . 
 i probably would have if i were n't so freaked out by my room . 
 `` i would be using a skillet , except your grandmother apparently did n't have one that was n't rusted all to hell . '' 
 my mom laughed , pulling the pan from the stove and dumping the eggs on a plate . 
 `` you want some ? 
 the boys have already eaten and your sisters are still asleep . '' 
 i accepted the plate gratefully . 
 i had n't eaten since orlando yesterday afternoon . 
 `` did dad tell you about the attic ? '' 
 mom put the pan back on the stove and turned her skinny behind to me . 
 as she cracked another egg in , she replied , `` yes , he told me . 
 do n't let it bother you , sugar . 
 all these old plantations had slave quarters . 
 that was just life back in those days . '' 
 the eggs were a little tasteless . 
 we kept chickens back home in kentucky , but instead of carting them to florida , mom swore we 'd invest in new ones once we settled . 
 until then , we were stuck with grocery-store eggs . 
 just another little detail about my life uprooted . 
 `` did gran 's family always own this farm ? '' 
 mom 's back stiffened . 
 she shot a glance over her shoulder at me . 
 `` they sure did , sugar . '' 
 `` so our family kept slaves ? '' 
 of course , it was implied , but the optimist in me wanted verification before i lumped my ancestors in with the devil and mass murder . 
 `` seems that way . '' 
 a generic mom answer . 
 what else was new ? 
 the appearance of the twins , loud and obnoxious , stifled any further conversation . 
 by the bright greeting she gave matt and sam , it did n't seem mom was upset about the interruption . 
 * `` for the record , you have too much stuff , '' i huffed out between breaths as i held one end of an inordinately heavy box and izzy held the other . 
 `` i do not . 
 you 're just a weirdo who owns nothing . '' 
 she stuck her tongue out . 
 i could n't stop staring at her platinum hair -- it was short on the sides with a long top that she usually brushed to one side like a punk rock star . 
 the look was still new , done only the day before we moved -- probably some hipster way of protesting . 
 so far , it had usually hung curled over one side of izzy 's head , but today , she 'd decided to gel the top into a weird kind of faux-hawk . 
 combined with the usual heavy eyeliner and blood red lipstick , i could n't look away . 
 the girl was so weird . 
 i could n't be too sure she was even my sister . 
 `` i 've moved like four times in the last two years , '' i griped , taking another step . 
 `` having less crap is easier . '' 
 `` you 're boring . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes at her over the top of the box as we navigated the turn on the landing . 
 the sun spilled through the window , setting the staircase -- and izzy 's wild hair -- on fire . 
 `` exhibit a. all of my boxes are already in my room . '' 
 my little sister rolled her eyes , shifting the box 's weight on her skinny arms . 
 `` matt and sam got most of my crap upstairs . '' 
 `` exhibit b. i got all my crap upstairs on my own . 
 like a big girl . '' 
 `` wan na cookie ? '' 
 izzy drawled , glancing behind herself to gauge her first step on the second half of the staircase . 
 `` what do you have in here ? '' 
 izzy shrugged -- not a good move while holding a box that weighed a hundred pounds . 
 we wrestled with it for a moment , heading off the box 's downward trajectory , and then she answered , `` umm . 
 stuff ? '' 
 `` you do n't know , do you . '' 
 a statement . 
 not a question . 
 the blonde in her hair had permanently seeped into her brain . 
 `` suck it , sue . '' 
 we turned the corner at the top of the stairs , izzy angled her bottom down the hall in the direction of our respective bedrooms , and she stopped short , eyes on the floor . 
 i followed her gaze to find a dark substance on the rug . 
 izzy cringed . 
 `` someone got mud all over the oriental . 
 mom 's gon na freak . '' 
 `` well , the movers were in and out all morning . '' 
 i stepped forward , urging her to move . 
 `` and it rained all night , so it 's no big deal . 
 we 'll clean it later when it dries . '' 
 izzy continued backwards . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 izzy and rachel 's bedroom was twice the size of mine , with turquoise paint and dark hardwood floors . 
 matching twin beds flanked the walls -- newer than my piece ` o crap -- and were already made up with hideous floral-patterned duvets . 
 `` please tell me you 're replacing these , '' i huffed as we not-so-gracefully released the box onto izzy 's bed . 
 it bounced twice , something inside shifted with a clink , and then came to rest . 
 i dropped to rachel 's bed and stretched out . 
 `` yeah , we 've got our comforters from home . '' 
 izzy slid a finger beneath the packing tape and jerked . 
 nothing happened . 
 `` wimp . '' 
 i joined her at her bedside and ripped the tape off with a cocky grin . 
 `` suck it , sue . '' 
 `` you 're going to have to be more original than that , isabella . '' 
 i helped her pull various belongings from the box -- bubble-wrapped ballerinas , an old softball signed by her coach , a couple of raggedy stuffed animals , and ... `` really , iz ? '' 
 i held up the paperback i 'd given to her for christmas . 
 `` the spine is n't even broken . '' 
 she cringed . 
 `` do n't kill me . '' 
 `` you need to read more . '' 
 i tossed the book on her pillow . 
 `` it 's good for your mind . '' 
 izzy stuck her face over the box . 
 `` so is painting . '' 
 `` i wo n't argue that , '' i said , sighing . 
 `` but , iz , come on . 
 do yourself a favor and be cultured . '' 
 `` i like monet ! 
 that 's culture . '' 
 she tugged an old , ratty afghan from the box and draped it over the bed . 
 `` no , that 's fuzzy , unfocused flowers sitting on ponds . '' 
 we unpacked in silence for a moment longer before my little sister asked in a quiet voice , `` susan , why have i never been here before ? 
 to gran 's house . '' 
 the question caught me off-guard . 
 i set izzy 's alarm clock on the bedside stand , slowly unwrapping the twisty-tie until the cord could dangle to the floor . 
 i finally caught her eye , making a face . 
 `` i do n't really know , iz . 
 i mean , i 've heard that she did n't really like this place . 
 you know she left when she was a teenager , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 and she met papaw . '' 
 izzy circled the bed and crouched to plug in her clock . 
 `` right . 
 they had mom , and then papaw died when i was little , and gran moved back here for a short time . 
 very brief . 
 like five years . 
 but she left again , and did n't come back until her mom died . '' 
 `` at like ninety-eight , right ? 
 so hopefully we 'll all live that long , '' izzy joked . 
 `` please , i hope not , '' i said with a laugh . 
 izzy shrugged as she stood back up and dusted her hands off . 
 `` i 've heard the story before . '' 
 `` then why are you asking ? '' 
 i turned my back to her to dig into the box . 
 `` because i want to know when great-grandma joyce died and gran inherited the house , why did she never invite us down ? 
 she always came to us . '' 
 `` she only lived here five years before ... '' i trailed off . 
 `` cancer . 
 yeah . '' 
 izzy silently offered me her eyeglass case , and i slid it into the top drawer of the nightstand . 
 unlike rachel , who always wore glasses and never contacts , izzy refused to wear her glasses and opted for contacts . 
 i thought it said a lot about the differences between my sisters . 
 `` so , maybe she just never got around to inviting us . '' 
 `` yet she came to see us once a year , '' izzy retorted . 
 i opened my mouth to tell her to take her obnoxious -- and for me , unanswerable -- questions to mom , when our mother 's displeased voice came through the open doorway . 
 `` oh , for pete 's sake ! '' 
 i do n't know about izzy , but my hair stood on end . 
 it was mom 's irritated voice ; i 'd heard it a lot . 
 it usually accompanied the last few moments before someone in the household was grounded . 
 izzy and i looked at each other , and i shrugged . 
 we crossed to the door and looked out into the hall . 
 mom stood over the long line of footprints on the runner . 
 her hands were planted firmly on her tiny hips , and her bright red sandal tapped on the floor like some kind of movie mother-slash-housewife . 
 my mother , the cliché . 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 she barked , her bobbed hair swishing as she turned a withering glare on us . 
 beside me , izzy jumped . 
 she was n't exactly a good daughter . 
 she got caught a few months back half-naked under the bleachers at school during a football game . 
 with another girl . 
 oh , and just a couple of joints . 
 i love my sisters -- they give me such great fodder for abuse . 
 `` we noticed it on the way up with izzy 's last box , '' i told her . 
 `` it was n't us . '' 
 mom 's jaw clenched . 
 `` we just moved in and already the boys are destroying the house . '' 
 `` might have been the movers , '' i suggested . 
 `` they have n't been upstairs . 
 and the prints are too big to be cam 's . '' 
 mom eyed the drying mud , and i followed the trail . 
 the steps began at the top of the stairs and ended in the middle of the hall , halfway between izzy 's bedroom and mine . 
 `` odd . 
 why is it only on this section of the rug ? '' 
 mom whipped around and stared down the stairs . 
 `` there 's nothing on the stairs . '' 
 i stepped out into the hall , the hair prickling at the back of my neck . 
 she was right . 
 `` that is weird . '' 
 my mother turned her dangerous ` squinty ' eyes in my direction . 
 `` are you playing a prank ? '' 
 i almost growled . 
 almost . 
 `` no ! 
 why would i do that ? '' 
 `` jeez . 
 it has to have been your brothers . '' 
 she waved at the footprints in disgust . 
 `` i 'll find them and send them upstairs to clean . 
 isabella , you have one more box sitting on the front porch , and your father wants it gone . 
 now . '' 
 with that , mom turned on a heel and descended the stairs . 
 `` way to back me up , iz , '' i said wryly as mom 's footsteps faded . 
 `` she scares the hell out of me when she 's like that . '' 
 izzy laughed , and then clomped down the stairs for her millionth box . 
 chapter 4 after i unpacked my meager belongings , i decided to comb the lay of the land . 
 granny owned a vast forty acres -- significantly vast compared to our old house in the suburbs , where our microscopic veggie garden had to be planted in the flowerbeds out front and our chicken coop took up the entire backyard . 
 a meandering dirt path cut a swath through the woods . 
 i walked it in bare feet , my green flip-flops swinging from one hand . 
 i liked the feel of the cool , shaded ground beneath my skin , and the way the sun tried to beat through the trees in patterns on my arms . 
 it was secluded and quiet . 
 we could n't even hear traffic on the highway -- it was ten miles away . 
 i figured i 'd give it a couple days and then borrow mom 's car and go into town . 
 i 'd need to look into getting my own vehicle so i did n't have to rely on my parents , and then i 'd find a job . 
 my degree was in business , and i had a minor in the french language , though what good what that do me in the real world ? 
 i had no clue what i wanted to do with my life , though i knew i did n't want to get stuck working at a grocery or in retail . 
 we were n't poor by any means . 
 dad was pulling disability for a bad back , the same reason he lost his old job in construction back in kentucky . 
 he 'd said something about doing some freelance contracting , and mom was talking about going back to work , too . 
 but i was twenty-four and mooching off my parents ; i seriously needed to find a job , and fast , so i could at least feel like i was contributing . 
 i had only walked for maybe a dozen minutes when i came upon a small gap like an alcove that led into the trees to my right . 
 i peered in , curious , and jumped as i recognized the tell-tale sight of gravestones . 
 i patted my pocket for my phone but rolled my eyes at my stupidity . 
 my phone was conveniently back at the house lying on my bedside table -- smart , i know . 
 take a walk in unfamiliar woods without a way to contact someone in case of emergency . 
 i had a college degree , but that did n't make me logical . 
 so , not only did we have a huge house on a huge farm , but we had our very own cemetery . 
 after all the ` non-excitement ' of last night , i was hesitant to venture in on my own . 
 i stood , wavering between a desire to explore and a desire to not piss myself with fear . 
 finally i made a decision and set off in search of a sister . 
 i found rachel -- the nerdiest yet bravest of us all -- idly swinging in an old hammock in the front yard with a can of soda propped on her chest . 
 she had her bushy red hair pulled back in a ponytail so that her pretty face was on display . 
 i constantly nagged her to do it -- she was too damn pretty to hide behind all that hair . 
 her long eyelashes fluttered open at the shuffling of my feet in the tall grass , and she turned her green eyes to me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she lifted a hand to shield her eyes from the sun . 
 `` hey , '' i answered , climbing awkwardly onto the swing beside her . 
 as i rolled into the depression made by her body , i said , `` busy ? '' 
 she gestured to the bright blue sky and perfect , fluffy clouds . 
 it was one of those lazy summer days that made a girl want to close her eyes and drift . 
 `` does it look that way ? '' 
 i turned to lay face-to-face with her , my cheek pressed to the scratchy white ropes and our legs intertwined . 
 `` i figured you were buying stock and taking names . '' 
 `` from the comfort of my home swing . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` did you get unpacked ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i tried to help mom in the kitchen and she just kinda grunted at me . 
 so ended up here . 
 i guess if she wants me to help , she can come find me . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i found a cemetery . 
 wan na check it out ? '' 
 her eyes lit up . 
 `` you know it . '' 
 i led her back the way i had come , down the dirt path worn into the copse of trees behind the house . 
 it was darker and quieter inside this time around ; cooler even . 
 we walked in companionable silence , my sister 's hands shoved in the pockets of her baggy corduroy khakis and my arm looped through the v made by hers . 
 `` why do you think granny never invited us down to see her ? 
 to visit this house ? '' 
 rachel asked me quietly , her eyes on the path at our feet . 
 `` jesus , what is it with you and izzy ? 
 she was just bugging me about this earlier . '' 
 rachel raised an eyebrow . 
 `` just answer the question . '' 
 i shrugged , my shoulders brushing hers . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe she liked to travel . 
 she liked coming to us . '' 
 `` it 's just ... odd . '' 
 rachel glanced over at me , her teeth digging into her bottom lip . 
 `` that house is odd . '' 
 `` you do n't have to tell me that , '' i answered with a sharp laugh . 
 `` i 'm sleeping beneath the ghosts of slaves . '' 
 rachel jerked away from me and came to a stop , her jaw hanging open . 
 `` what ? 
 did you see something ? '' 
 `` calm down , '' i chastised as i grabbed her arm and pulled her back to me , leading her on down the path . 
 `` i 'm speaking metaphorically . 
 because of the weird noises iz heard , and then what happened last night . '' 
 rachel sighed . 
 `` i just hate to think that granny died here , alone in this creepy house in the middle of nowhere . '' 
 i leaned against her . 
 `` it 's just a house , rach . '' 
 `` i miss her . '' 
 i pulled her to a stop as we neared the almost-hidden path to the cemetery . 
 i did n't really know what to say , so i settled for , `` me too . '' 
 the forest had long since started reclaiming the trail to the cemetery . 
 i slid my feet back into my flip-flops and shoved through some tall weeds as rachel trailed along behind me . 
 we passed through the open iron gate that surrounded the plot . 
 `` wonder when the last time someone bothered to come out here was , '' i said softly . 
 there was a somber stillness to the air ; it made me not want to speak over a whisper for fear of waking the dead . 
 there sure were a lot of memories of the dead situated around that damn house and property . 
 the plot was n't large by any means . 
 stones , worn and tilting , scattered the tall grass like ships in a rough sea . 
 i leaned to rub dirt and age from a barely readable , gray headstone . 
 i squinted , trying to make out the long dissolved letters . 
 it said mary magdalene marshall . 
 across the graveyard , rachel was doing the same thing . 
 her voice carried too loud on the oppressive silence . 
 `` wow , sue , this is mom 's fam . '' 
 i nodded , my eyes still on mary magdalene 's sedate grave marker . 
 last name notwithstanding , i had no idea who she was . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` hey , come here . 
 did n't granny have a brother named jeremy who died in the sixties ? '' 
 i picked my way through the overgrowth . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 rachel was bent over a larger grave , pulling weeds from around the peach-colored monument . 
 it was topped by a dour , wind-softened angel . 
 the marker looked older than a mere fifty years , but it was right there , etched into the stone -- jeremy matthew marshall b. 1942 d. 1963 beloved brother , dearly missed rachel touched the angel 's curled hair once more before glancing at me . 
 she had rubbed dirt across her pale cheek . 
 `` do you think granny found him ? 
 in heaven ? '' 
 shrugging , i yanked another clump of weeds from behind the marker and tossed them over the wrought-iron fence . 
 `` i do n't know , rach . 
 i do n't really believe in heaven . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 there was n't disbelief or dismay in my little sister 's voice , just curiosity . 
 we were n't raised religious . 
 hell , we were n't raised to talk about religion at all , even though i know dad had been brought up catholic . 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but we were interrupted by the sound of scuffling footsteps . 
 we both turned towards the main path , waiting to see which family member would walk by the tiny opening in the trees , only to be met by a stranger . 
 i studied him curiously , wondering if he was a neighbor . 
 he was tall and muscular , wearing blue jean overalls and a white t-shirt with stains on the sleeves . 
 his dark hair was short beneath his irish cap , and his skin was tanned and dirty . 
 `` excuse me , '' i called , my hands landing on my hips . 
 i might have come off a little snotty . 
 `` do you realize you 're on private property ? '' 
 his eyes were shadowed by his prominent brow , but his face turned to us for a second before he looked away , moving towards the house . 
 he did n't speak . 
 i exchanged a glance with rachel , a little unnerved that a strange man was wandering around our property . 
 he disappeared beyond our range of vision from the cemetery , and i pulled rachel 's phone from her pocket to text dad . 
 man in the woods . 
 coming towards house . 
 rach and i alone in cemetery . 
 my dad was always prompt with his texts . 
 k will check . 
 `` dad 's going to find him , '' i whispered to rachel , tucking her phone back into her pocket . 
 she gestured with her head for me to follow . 
 we tiptoed through the weedy graveyard , past the gate -- dangling like a broken arm -- and back down the side path . 
 it had gotten incredibly quiet in the forest . 
 without the deafening music of bugs and birds , it was deathly as a tomb . 
 rachel put out an arm to stop me and leaned forward to peer around the edge of the trees in the direction the man had walked . 
 when she turned back to me , her eyes were wide and alarmed . 
 `` i see dad . '' 
 we stepped out onto the path . 
 dad 's form hurried towards us , his loafers making a steady pit-pat on the packed ground . 
 it was a straight shot from us to him -- beyond him , the wooded path stretched neatly like a dark and forbidding tunnel all the way to the house . 
 the man was gone . 
 chapter 5 `` he must have taken off into the trees , '' dad repeated for the fourth time , his large hand gently navigating me towards the house by the shoulder . 
 i tried to shrug him off but his grip was iron tight . 
 and sweaty . 
 the bare skin at the top of his head was pale pink from the sun and there was dirt beneath his fingernails ; he 'd probably been working on a plot for the vegetable garden . 
 `` where would he go , dad ? 
 that underbrush is outrageous . 
 you 'd need a freaking machete to get through it . 
 we 'd have heard it , at least . '' 
 rachel was n't buying it either , tripping over her flip-flops as she stumbled after us across the front yard . 
 she was about as graceful as a frat boy in high heels . 
 dad just sighed and mounted the steps to the crooked front porch . 
 i noted the enigmatic bouquet of white daisies still sat where it had been yesterday afternoon , though a little more wilted from the humid day . 
 i was dying to know why on earth a bundled bouquet rested on our porch , and why my parents had n't moved it . 
 the door was wide open , cool ac pushing outside from the dim interior . 
 dad groaned . 
 `` who left the door open ? '' 
 he yelled into the house . 
 rachel and i stepped inside behind him . 
 there were tools spread about the floor just inside , and i caught sight of shiny new hinges on the old-fashioned door . 
 dad nudged a hammer closer to the wall and said , `` girls , leave it . 
 it was probably a neighbor passing through . 
 go find something to do . '' 
 i was n't satisfied with his answer . 
 rachel and i exchanged irritated looks as he headed for the kitchen . 
 `` dad , wait , '' i called , and hurried forward as he turned back around irritably . 
 `` those daisies on the porch . 
 did you put them there ? '' 
 he lifted the hem of his t-shirt and swiped sweat from his face . 
 `` no . 
 your mother said there was an identical bouquet there when she came down two weeks ago . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i watched him push through the swinging door , and a moment later heard the kitchen faucet running . 
 the bouquet was n't from any of us . 
 i had a stark realization that i knew nothing about my grandmother -- who was leaving her post-death offerings ? 
 rachel grabbed my arm , pulling me from my thoughts . 
 `` that was weird , right ? '' 
 she asked in a hushed voice . 
 `` that guy -- he was there , right ? 
 he was definitely there . '' 
 `` he was there , '' i agreed . 
 `` right . 
 he was there . 
 and then he was n't . '' 
 i motioned for her to follow me , and we cut through the dim , silent dining room and out the side door onto the screened porch . 
 mom had come through and opened the windows earlier in the day , and the floor fan was whirring in one corner . 
 three of the four walls were nothing but windows from around knee-high up to the ceiling , and since the whole porch sat a little above ground-level -- to account for the gardener 's shed beneath -- it had a spectacular view of the land around the house . 
 rachel plunked into a chair at the black iron table and leaned forward on her elbows , staring out into the trees . 
 `` how far would you say the closest neighbor is ? '' 
 i took the chair next to her so i could look outside , and let out a deep breath . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a mile ? '' 
 `` not within walking distance , though ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` a mile is n't that far , rach . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she turned her gaze to me , her brow in a squiggly line . 
 `` maybe it was a neighbor . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` but , why would n't he say something ? '' 
 `` maybe he 's shy . '' 
 `` and we do n't even know what he looks like . 
 i only got a glimpse of him , '' i said , talking right over her as i leaned back against the thick cushion . 
 the warm air brushed across my bare arms , and i realized i was sleepy . 
 `` maybe he just likes taking walks , and granny did n't care if he came on her land . '' 
 `` kind of a strong jaw , i think . 
 really dark-skinned . 
 mocha-colored , even . 
 and those clothes ... '' `` yeah , '' i answered . 
 `` weird . '' 
 the door flew open , and cam appeared . 
 `` momma says we 're going into town ` cuz we need stuff . '' 
 `` where on earth have you been all morning ? '' 
 i asked her , twisting in my chair to raise an eyebrow . 
 `` the attic . '' 
 cam popped her gum , a devilish grin on her face . 
 `` why ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 my baby sister shrugged her skinny shoulders , one hand still resting on the doorknob . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 ah , the simple logic of children . 
 what a freak , though . 
 `` mom said she already has some kind of imaginary friend up there , '' rachel informed me with a slight roll of her eyes . 
 `` they played dress-up this morning when she was supposed to be unpacking . '' 
 she wiggled her fingers at cam playfully . 
 cam made a face at her , and then snapped her gum as she used the door to swing back and forth . 
 `` are you coming or what ? '' 
 `` yeah , i am , '' rachel said , getting to her feet . 
 the chair scraped across the wood with a jarring screech . 
 `` i need some bath stuff . 
 we 'll talk later . '' 
 this last was directed at me . 
 cam 's dark eyes shifted to inquire of me , `` coming ? '' 
 i smiled and reached out to ruffle her patch of short hair . 
 `` nah . 
 i do n't need anything , because unlike your other big sisters , i think ahead . '' 
 * i was in the hammock . 
 again . 
 my eyes had been alternating somewhere between open and closed for i did n't know how long . 
 it was nice , this feeling of no responsibility . 
 that framed diploma that said ` university of louisville ' -- still shoved in the bottom of an unopened box in my room -- officially pardoned me from any further work until i dug my claws into a job . 
 for the first time in a long time , i could sway in the breeze and listen to the birdsong without anything to frazzle my mind . 
 well , almost . 
 i was actually on the verge of convincing myself to sleep in the hammock as opposed to that tiny bedroom with so much ... unrest above it . 
 i probably would have if i thought my mother would n't flip out , but knowing her , she 'd worry about robbers and mountain lions . 
 or gators -- whatever it was that stalked the state of florida . 
 i was sliding into blessed unconsciousness when the crack of a twig forced my eyes open quicker than a gunshot . 
 i turned my head toward the house , eyes searching the yard . 
 my family had n't been gone very long at all , so there was no way they were home . 
 i did n't see anything out of the ordinary . 
 the tall grass of the lawn swayed in a hot , oven-like breeze ; i was surprised dad had n't forced matt or sam -- or both -- to cut it yet . 
 through hooded , sleepy eyes , i did a cursory scan of my surroundings , lifting my head to check behind me . 
 nothing . 
 i settled back into the cradle of the hammock and stared up at a pale blue , cloudless sky . 
 the hammock swung gently on the wind and it was lolling , though i wished it were cooler . 
 i looked to my right , gazing up at the house . 
 the red brick seemed dingy against such a happy sky . 
 at the top of the house , just under the hanging eaves , was a small round window . 
 i watched the reflection of a distant white cloud moving slowly across the glass , my eyes getting heavy again . 
 a black shape moved across the window , inside the house . 
 suddenly awake , i squinted at the window , heart pounding , but did n't see any further movement . 
 what had that been ? 
 had i fallen asleep and dreamed it ? 
 i almost fell from the hammock as i saw more movement from the corner of my eye . 
 i whipped my head around , preparing to launch from the hammock and run , but stopped . 
 it was a guy . 
 his long , blond hair was shaggy to his shoulders and in desperate need of a cut . 
 i could n't see his face , but beneath his white t-shirt , his shoulders were broad and his waist narrow , tapering into a pair of tight blue jeans . 
 he was headed towards the front of the house . 
 for a moment , i thought , the guy from the woods , but i realized almost immediately that it was n't . 
 the guy in the woods did n't have all that hair , and he 'd been much shorter as well as a heck of a lot stockier . 
 `` um . 
 hello ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 the poor boy must have jumped three feet in the air . 
 he whirled around , a bouquet of flowers pressed against his chest . 
 he had ridiculously pale blue eyes as wide as saucers on a breathtaking face . 
 he was deeply tanned , and his nose was on the large-ish side and had obviously been broken once or twice , but that dimple in his chin was awful cute . 
 i eyed the bouquet of white daisies in his hand . 
 `` who are you and why are you here ? '' 
 `` i 'm sloan . '' 
 he held up the flowers . 
 `` these are for rita . '' 
 i sat up at the mention of my grandmother 's name , the hammock swaying beneath me . 
 `` that 's my granny . 
 you do know ... '' i let my voice trail off . 
 i hated telling people she was dead . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 his iceberg-colored eyes dropped to the bouquet and a muscle in his jaw twitched . 
 `` she was a friend . 
 she loved daisies . '' 
 what in the world was some young guy doing bringing flowers for granny ? 
 and it clicked -- the bouquet of daisies on the front porch the day we arrived . 
 `` oh . 
 you bring them often ? '' 
 sloan nodded . 
 `` every week . '' 
 i tossed my legs over the side of the hammock and dropped to the soft grass . 
 when his pretty eyes drifted to my cleavage and then snapped guiltily to my face , i flushed , all too aware that i was in an itsy-bitsy black bikini and blue jean shorts . 
 i wanted to cover up the c-cups bulging from my bathing suit , but i refrained . 
 better to not draw attention to `` the girls '' by making a big deal of it . 
 `` that 's really nice of you , '' i said after a long , awkward pause in which we stared at each other across the back yard . 
 `` well , rita took care of me -- '' he stopped , his voice strangled . 
 the bouquet dangled from his hand , and he looked away , his eyes blinking . 
 `` she was a good friend . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow , but squashed it back down just as fast . 
 sure , a guy my age so seriously befriending my eighty-year-old grandmother was a bit weird , but who was i to judge ? 
 i slept beneath what was probably hundred-fifty-year-old slave blood and i could n't stand it if my socks did n't match right in the drawer . 
 sloan finally glanced back up . 
 `` so , are you guys here to pack up the house ? '' 
 i shook my head and moved forward a few steps . 
 `` we 're moving in , actually . 
 hey , do you want to come in for some iced tea ? '' 
 he grinned , tapping the bouquet against his thigh . 
 `` make it coffee , and i 'll say yes . '' 
 i could n't help but smile back , albeit a little bashfully . 
 `` deal . '' 
 the house is available now ! 
 other books by the author series the temple , book one in the vale avari novels abigail , book one in the witch faery trilogy mother of all , book one in the hedgewitch mysteries the house , book one in the old houses series heaven below , book one in the goddess of ptalonia trilogy his haunting kiss , book one in the his kiss series saffron , book one in the vengeance goddess serials stand-alones constant state of disaster cause & effect eternal youth , co-written with julia crane visions of the witch , co-written with tara west short stories the darkest night , a hedgewitch novelette underneath , a free novelette may i go play ? 
 , a short story pieces : a collection of short fiction short fiction featured in these anthologies : eclective : halloween collection eclective : holiday collection eclective : celtic collection eclective : pride collection eclective : haunted collection eclective : apocalypse collection eclective : time collection pink snowbunnies in hell about the author heather marie adkins loves magick and words , but not necessarily in that order . 
 she can often be found wrangling chickens in her backyard , pulling weeds from her herb garden , and saving field mice from her cats -- when she is n't plotting her eventual move to ireland . 
 she worships the moon and stars , and loves the feel of grass beneath her bare feet . 
 heather is a multi-genre writer whose influences include rl stine , jennifer crusie , kim harrison , mary higgins clark , and jim butcher . 
 she is the author of numerous titles including : the temple -lrb- vale avari , book one -rrb- ; abigail -lrb- witch faery , book one -rrb- ; his haunting kiss -lrb- his kiss , book one -rrb- ; mother of all -lrb- hedgewitch mysteries , book one -rrb- ; and heaven below -lrb- goddess of ptalonia , book one -rrb- . 
 her novels have hit several bestseller lists since she began publishing in june 2011 , and many have been nominated for awards at the efestival of words . 
 her contemporary romance , constant state of disaster , was a 2nd round finalist in the 2013 amazon breakthrough novel competition . 
 she lives in north-central kentucky with a house full of animals and the love of her life -- all of whom drive her crazy . 
 heather loves to hear from readers ! 
 she can be found daily -lrb- mostly -rrb- at her blog , heather.bishoffs.com , so visit and leave a comment ! 
 you can email her at heather@heathermarieadkins.com friend heather on facebook and follow her on twitter . 
 or join her facebook group ! 
 books by heather marie adkins , run by the author to interact with people who like her books . 
 be the first to see new covers and know behind-the-scenes information about heather . 
 for more information on heather and her books , visit her website at heathermarieadkins.com . 
 wan na be the first to hear when she releases new books ? 
 sign up for her mailing list , and you could win free books , be notified of giveaways , and even enter to win book-related prizes ! 
 your email will never be shared with anyone , and you will only receive one or two emails a month . 
 to my readers : i 'm just going to lay it all out for you -- i am an indie author . 
 everything i do , i do without the help or backing of a publishing company . 
 this means i pay for everything up front : cover design , editing , proofing , interior design . 
 these services can cost upwards of $ 2000 per book , if not more . 
 unfortunately , i do n't have the kind of resources available to pay for these things as fast as i write ; i 'm just a starbucks barista in my spare time ! 
 so i do a lot of it on my own , or with the help of close friends and colleagues . 
 this note is to let you know this particular book has been edited and proofread within the realm of my ability , but it 's probably not perfect . 
 if you see any errors , or you have any general comments about the storyline or characters -- what works for you , what does n't work for you , etc. please do n't hesitate to contact me at heathermariewrites@gmail.com . 
 i want your feedback . 
 every cent i earn from this book is going into my editing fund , and with any feedback i receive , i will do rewrites and a massive professional edit once i 've raised enough money . 
 if you 're interested in becoming a beta reader for me , drop me a line at heathermariewrites@gmail.com . 
 i 'm always looking for people willing to help me make my books better . 
 one day , i hope that my novels will be my career , and they 'll pay for publishing services anytime i need them . 
 until then , thank you for supporting me , and i hope you enjoyed the read ! 
