 dark days : infected by greg wilburn copyright 2014 greg wilburn smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents tape # 1 tape # 2 tape # 3 tape # 4 tape # 5 tape # 6 tape # 7 tape # 8 tape # 9 tape # 10 tape # 11 tape # 12 tape # 13 tape # 14 acknowledgments about the author to scraps ; the best puppy i never had . 
 tape # 1 it all began on a sunny day in march ; so close to my birthday too . 
 why did such a bad thing have to start on a day with good weather ? 
 i thought it was supposed to be the other way around . 
 i remember it like it was yesterday , although it was around four years ago since the world went to hell . 
 why am i even doing this ? 
 who would want to remember this tragedy or collect these memories ? 
 all i want to do is destroy them and forget them forever . 
 but she says i need to do this ; that way , all those we 've loved and lost wo n't be forgotten . 
 since that 's the case , let me tell you how this hell came to be four years ago . 
 i used to work as a janitor before the whole world went down in flames . 
 not that i 'd always wanted to be one , but when the economy was as bad as it was then , and you 've lost your job on top of it , your only option is to take what you can get . 
 before my days of vomit cleaning and inglorious toilet plunging , i was a lawyer . 
 i had a firm with three other men i knew in college , and we were decently successful . 
 but that all changed when the economy declined and our practice went under . 
 even though i was scraping by as a janitor , i had the life . 
 i had a car , a wife , a kid on the way , and a dog named scraps . 
 we named him scraps because he would n't start begging for food at the table until the meal was done , and only the scraps were left . 
 scraps was an amazing dog . 
 even though he was only a year and a half old , he tried to act as maturely as the older dogs our neighbor had . 
 i could always depend on him to brighten my day . 
 he took quickly to doggy training , the usual , you know ; not to pee on the couch or to poop in my bed at three in the morning because he was afraid of raccoons . 
 i can remember one incident that occurred just a few weeks before the outbreak . 
 i walked into the house we 'd foreclosed the week before to the sound of running water . 
 that was weird because no one had been home all day . 
 my wife was at the doctor to check on the baby and i 'd just come back from work . 
 the only person who could 've turned on that water was scraps . 
 i walked into the kitchen expecting him to have simply turned a faucet or spilled a water bottle over , but to my surprise i turned the corner to find good ol’ scraps peeing into my favorite cookie jar . 
 that set back our training a couple of years for sure . 
 i guess it was my fault in the end because it was shaped like a fire hydrant . 
 i 'll always remember that , not only because scraps was such a great dog , but mostly because it was one of the few moments of happiness i felt before i lost absolutely everything . 
 sorry for taking so much time to talk about a dog , but he means so much to me when i reflect on him now . 
 now i feel that i have to introduce the rest of my family . 
 this may take a moment . 
 i ca n't express with words how much i loved them , and now how much i miss them , but i 'll do my best to paint a picture of the most beautiful woman in the world , and the child that would 've been ours if all of this had n't happened . 
 she was , and still is , the love of my life . 
 i met her in high school . 
 i was a hard working student who happened to be the captain of the wrestling team . 
 i was well-liked by those around me because not only was i smart , but i actually had a personality . 
 however , that does n't compare to her . 
 i think i was in love from the first moment i saw her . 
 she was new to the school my senior year , and to this day i 've never seen a more beautiful creature . 
 i was walking to my principles of physical science class when i looked over my shoulder and saw her . 
 she had sandy blonde hair and the face of an angel . 
 her body had an athletic build that was shaped by all the gymnastics and cross country running she did . 
 it was tempered beneath her more conservative clothes . 
 i never once saw her wear anything too revealing , and i respect her for treating herself with such care and dignity . 
 she wore deep blue jeans that made her red shoes bud as roses do in early spring . 
 she had a slate gray shirt on that fit her snugly , but not like a glove . 
 she did n't reveal too much like other girls i always saw around school . 
 but those things did n't catch my attention as much as her eyes did . 
 when i saw those blue-green eyes twinkle in the sunlight , all i could imagine was the meeting between the earth and sea that you find in landscape pictures of faraway places . 
 the way the rocks covered in vegetation meet the crashing sea shows how such natural majesty meets such undiscovered beauty . 
 i can never forget how those eyes pierced my soul and told me of a beauty i 'd never experienced in this world . 
 at first , i 'd just glance up at her and keep my distance so i would n't seem too interested . 
 only once did our eyes meet . 
 i remember it clearly ; it was a tuesday morning when i happened to catch her eyes . 
 it seemed surreal as we gazed into each other 's eyes , but as the moment continued , her expression changed . 
 the warm glow of interest turned to a contortion of surprise with a hint of disgust . 
 i looked away , and from then on i convinced myself not to look at her anymore ; i was afraid of having a restraining order put on me . 
 as luck would have it , she ended up in my class because her schedule had been messed up at the beginning of the year . 
 i think her being placed in my class was what started our relationship . 
 maybe not that ; when i really think about it , our relationship started when i went up to her and said hello , and she immediately blurted out in the middle of class , `` hey ! 
 you 're that guy who kept staring at me across the quad ! 
 nice to meet you ! '' 
 that kept me at bay for a few weeks . 
 after my embarrassment subsided , i got to know her through our discussion group in class . 
 we became friends instantly ; and when i say we became friends , that 's all that i mean . 
 at least from her side of things . 
 i thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world , but she thought i was a dorky guy who wrestled with sweaty men on a mat because i still did n't want to admit i was a flamboyant homosexual . 
 we became great friends and spent a lot of time with each other . 
 then we graduated from high school and kept in touch all summer . 
 i 'd drive out to her house at least three times a week to visit her and her family . 
 i took her on multiple outings , which i would consider dates , but she considered them to be friendly outings . 
 after summer , college is where our relationship began to change . 
 i went to the local university while she took her first year off in order to travel around the country as an intern for a national women 's organization . 
 she told me that it helped empower women to be all that they could be in the world around them . 
 we kept in touch all that year and were as close as ever when she returned home and attended the same university i was at . 
 i was studying pre-law as she began to study for a career as a first grade teacher ; that had always been her dream . 
 during our junior year of college , our relationship changed even more . 
 one night , as we sat on the porch of her house , she confessed her feelings for me . 
 i confessed mine , and to her surprise , i 'd liked her from the beginning . 
 that was the beginning of our life together , and little did i know , it would be the beginning of the end . 
 tape # 2 we continued to date through the last two years of college . 
 after that , i had the unbelievable privilege of making her my wife . 
 we had the wedding in the local chapel five months after my proposal . 
 it was a simple wedding ; she always said the simple things are what mattered most to her . 
 soon after , my wife received her teaching credential and started teaching first graders . 
 i continued with my education in law and began to attend law school . 
 it was rough for the first two years , but with her as my foundation and support , combined with my desire to succeed and reach my dreams , we made it through . 
 during my final year of law school , we found out we were gon na have a baby . 
 we were so excited , and my wife was the most excited of all . 
 this is where scraps comes into the picture . 
 before our dreams of parenthood were fulfilled , i bought my wife a puppy because her baby fever was so intense . 
 not that i minded though ; i was excited at the notion as well . 
 we treated scraps like our very own child . 
 he made a good replacement , especially when he caused trouble at home . 
 at this point , the baby was only a fetus and still growing day by day . 
 we were on the verge of discovering if we were going to have a boy or girl when it started happening . 
 i 'm sorry , just give me a moment . 
 this is where the hard part comes in ... ... ... ... around the same time i had the idea of a child introduced into my life , the nation was swept with news talking about a new disease that had recently been discovered in remote areas of tanzania . 
 i only caught a glimpse of a few of these reports , but from what i saw , it was pretty serious . 
 people were dying at alarming rates , and there were various reports of people eating one another . 
 i remember seeing a picture of the guy behind it all : he was a man , about thirty years of age , and all of his pictures featured him in a lab coat . 
 he had well kept grey hair and a trimmed beard . 
 his face held a smile of pure insanity that spread from ear to ear . 
 the reports said he adapted this new disease from animal testing and began illegal human testing with it . 
 he captured a group of locals and underwent experimentation . 
 that was n't where the danger truly lied ; it became a hazard to society , and later to the world , when one of the test subjects escaped into a large city nearby . 
 the disease spread like wildfire . 
 over the next few weeks , more and more reports were coming out about the disease and what it did to people once it got ahold of them . 
 one night , as my wife was putting scraps to sleep in his doggy bed , i saw the most disturbing report up to that point . 
 tanzania , along with all of its surrounding countries , were being evacuated . 
 various videos showed empty streets full of chaos and destruction , with occasional infected people running about . 
 the infected featured in the videos were far from view as the crews kept their distance from the roaming beasts . 
 i could n't really see them clearly ; it just seemed like a bunch of blurry , specter thin ghosts were running to and fro , flying angrily at any moving object that crossed their paths . 
 it was n't real to me until i saw a close-up of an infected . 
 there were before and after pictures of a little girl that looked to be ten years of age . 
 her before picture showed a lovely looking girl with nice brown hair and green eyes . 
 she was wearing a blue sundress and had a smile of pure joy on her face . 
 i almost want to vomit thinking about how the disease ravaged her body , transforming her into a hideous creation beyond comprehension . 
 the after picture still haunts my dreams to this day . 
 it serves as a reminder of my ignorance , the damage the disease caused to my life and the lives of others , and the hopelessness that i still feel in my heart . 
 it 's as if a fresh dagger is plunged into my chest every single day . 
 her skin was solid white , making her a walking ghost . 
 her skin was broken in various places where pus and blood were seeping out . 
 her brown hair had turned white in a void of color and was falling out of her head . 
 saliva was n't dripping from her mouth , or if it was , it was a green slime that seemed to cover everything it touched in its filth . 
 she could no longer stand up straight ; her posture forced her into a contorted position that gave her a demonic presence in the photo . 
 what scared me the most were her eyes ; they had no pupils and were white with an insatiable desire to feed . 
 i would go on , but i do n't think my stomach could handle it . 
 i think i 'm used to it now , but at that time i could imagine no greater evil . 
 a few weeks later was when the real fear , and my horrible present , came to be . 
 my wife had just gone to our doctor to find out the sex of our baby . 
 it was almost like a birthday to us ; we had a cake and a full course meal prepared for when she would return with the good news . 
 we were gon na to find out first , and then proceed to tell all of our loved ones of the new joy soon to enter the world . 
 i 'd taken work off that day because absolutely nothing would interfere with the relaying of the fact that i would either have a pretty princess of a girl , or a manly brat of a boy . 
 clearly , i wanted a girl first . 
 i 'd always wanted to have a girl first , mostly because i liked to take care of girls . 
 it always made me feel important and needed . 
 i had years of practice caring for a wife whose beauty shone brighter than any diamond i could put on her finger . 
 i miss the moment of that day , when joy and excitement had completely taken over my senses . 
 i felt numb in the best way possible . 
 i 'd need to feel that numbness for what would happen that day . 
 about fifteen minutes after she 'd left , i was sitting on the couch , dwelling on the fact that i would soon be a father . 
 i flipped on the television and began to skip through the channels . 
 to my surprise , every channel i went to was broadcasting a news report about the continuing infection . 
 it did n't really catch my attention at first , but after getting to channel three hundred and forty seven , i figured i might as well see what was going on . 
 i think it 's very interesting how a person 's life can be turned completely upside down with a simple news report . 
 the local anchorman did n't look his usual professional self . 
 he looked as if he had n't bothered to dress up at all that day . 
 then the report began . 
 i do n't really remember much of the report , but i do remember two specific details : an outbreak had begun in my own hometown not twenty minutes ago . 
 what 's worse is the fact that the sentence that followed stated it began near the office my wife had gone to see our doctor at . 
 i panicked . 
 i threw on my coat and jumped into my car . 
 i could only think one thing : i had to reach my wife and child at all costs . 
 i told myself she would never become the abomination i had seen on the news a few weeks ago . 
 i sped down the streets . 
 i do n't recall how many red lights i blasted through on the way to the hospital entrance . 
 i only remember smacking the side of the car against a street dumpster as i took a sharp turn onto a main street . 
 however , i never made it to that hospital entrance . 
 upon entering the parking lot , i was stopped by a large barricade of police cars surrounded by various officers holding shotguns . 
 i got out of the car and made a run for the side entrance covered by less police . 
 i was stopped short by a sharp pain against the side of my head . 
 next thing i knew , i was being pulled out of a bush by two large officers . 
 my head was pounding audibly as sounds of wailing sirens filled the air . 
 when i was on my feet , the officers told me that i could n't go in because the infection had spread rapidly inside , and there was little chance of survivors . 
 i 've never begged so much in my life . 
 i threw myself to my knees and begged them to step in and find my wife . 
 they eyed me with unfeeling stares and said they 'd never be stupid enough to send in any forces to save a lost cause , let alone a citizen that was likely monster feed . 
 still , i begged ; i bribed , i cursed , and i threatened until i choked on my words . 
 i could n't believe that they 'd let the people i loved sit in that monster den and die like innocent sheep given over to the slaughter . 
 then the officers said they could n't help me because they had n't received word from the captain to go in yet . 
 upon seeing how useless those guys were , i turned to my right and saw a broken window a few feet away . 
 i jumped to my feet and made a run for it . 
 i guess i still had some youth left in me from my days in sports ; i looked back and saw the officers at least seven steps behind me as i crashed through the window and landed on the hospital floor . 
 i was in . 
 i never expected to land in a pool of blood . 
 i never even knew a person could bleed so much . 
 through the fractured light the room , i could see the blood before and upon me , as well as the silhouette of the hospital receiving room i landed in . 
 i picked myself up and walked into the hallway . 
 the echoes of the officer 's voices chased me , warning me not to tread any further . 
 it was pitch black ; i felt along the wall , trying to feel my way through the dark . 
 the stench of death was everywhere ; its noxious toxins seeped into my nose and mouth , almost making me vomit at every step . 
 i made my way down the main hall , going the opposite way of the lighted exit signs at each turn . 
 i knew where to go , even in that dark , cold prison . 
 i ` d been there plenty of times with my wife ; we frequently visited her doctor to keep an eye on her precious cargo . 
 i reconstructed the floor plan in my head : three hallways , two flights of stairs , and one door at the end of the hallway . 
 i made it through two of the pitch black hallways when i heard growling behind me . 
 even though i could n't see anything , i could feel the evil presence nearby . 
 i turned in the darkness , hoping my eyes would find the beast behind me . 
 they searched the dark , but were unable to find anything . 
 i asked the darkness , `` is anyone there ? '' 
 what an idiot . 
 it located me immediately . 
 i could feel the tension break as the footsteps clapped in my direction . 
 i turned and ran , with all my might . 
 i sped through the last dark hallway , tripping over what i believed were pillows with a little extra stuffing . 
 i made it up the first flight of stairs and began to ascend the second . 
 i only made it halfway . 
 a cold hand grasped my ankle . 
 a chill went through my body , grim as death himself . 
 i fell and was greeted with the taste of cold , hard cement and blood in my mouth . 
 behind me , the shriek of a demon pierced the deserted halls of the hospital . 
 i tried kicking to free myself to no avail . 
 finally , after a few strong kicks , i think i managed to kick it in the face somewhere . 
 there was a muffled shriek at the bottom of the stairs as i made my way up and crawled through the hallway leading to the final door . 
 i made it to the door as the creature made another shriek from the stairs below . 
 i pulled myself to my feet at the front of the door . 
 i could feel blood seeping into my mouth as my tongue felt around . 
 it found teeth missing from the left side , and it could still taste the cold cement from my fall a moment ago . 
 i took a deep breath of assurance , turned the knob , and stepped into the waiting room . 
 i stepped into a waiting room suited for expectant mothers . 
 through the dim light in the room , i could see that the walls were lined with pictures of babies in all sorts of uniforms and costumes . 
 like all baby pictures , the babies looked more confused than happy or sad to have pictures taken of them . 
 i knew i 'd have to take some of those and put them up when the baby was born . 
 the floor was carpeted in magazines that advertised the right feeding habits and tools to help the baby learn up to five languages by the time it was three . 
 i locked the waiting room door behind me before going any further . 
 the room seemed untouched by the evil that lay just beyond the door . 
 besides the magazines spread out across the floor , everything seemed to be in order . 
 i walked over to the window and opened the blinds . 
 the searing light made its way into the room , banishing the darkness into the remote corners of it . 
 i remember looking out into the world , taking in the serene picture the clear blue sky offered me . 
 it confused me , making me wonder how there could still be a peace amidst the chaos that was beginning to ensue . 
 my eyes drifted back to the city before me . 
 nothing looked out of place from my vantage point . 
 they continued downward , centering me as my situation drew me back into my reality . 
 i saw the police down below , guarding the hospital and still refusing to do anything for the innocent people being consumed within it . 
 i hated them . 
 they were supposed to protect and serve . 
 instead , they 'd abandoned their calling , leaving us to our own destruction . 
 i turned my attention back to the office , back to my wife and child . 
 just beyond the reception desk i would find my wife with the doctor and the news of our impending child . 
 what relief i felt in that moment . 
 i walked past the reception desk into the small hallway with three small waiting rooms . 
 it was surprisingly still there , but i guessed everyone was keeping quiet in case one of the monsters would be nearby . 
 they would n't have to worry about anything anymore ; i was there to find them and help them escape from the dangers in the hospital . 
 i opened the nearest door and peeked inside . 
 nothing there . 
 i walked further down the silent hallway and opened the second door . 
 i found a woman in scrubs lying face first in a pool of blood . 
 i walked over to the lifeless body and turned it over . 
 as i expected , it was the receptionist that had warmly greeted my wife and i each time we visited . 
 poor woman ; she had a series of jagged slashes across her neck . 
 the look of surprise on her face took me aback . 
 it was clear she had n't expected to be attacked in her final moments of life . 
 i could n't bear it any longer ; i closed her eyes , gently placed the body back down , and walked out of the room , shutting the door behind me . 
 i glanced over to the last room ; the door was n't completely closed , but was cracked just a little . 
 my wife would be there , safe and sound . 
 as i reached for the door , i found myself stopped , trying to fight my instincts to run away rather than enter the room . 
 my entire body trembled as i fought this conviction , which told me i needed to slam the door closed and run away , never looking back . 
 i won over myself and opened the door . 
 nothing prepared me for what i saw next . 
 the light spread across the room , illuminating the scene where my life was swept away . 
 i saw the doctor first -- or at least what was left of him . 
 he was face up on the ground , gazing up at me with a blank look of horror . 
 the floor was covered in blood . 
 i opened the door all the way and saw that he 'd been torn in half . 
 his intestines were covering the ground in a fleshy , bloody maze . 
 blood was still leaking out of his torso . 
 i found the lower portion of his remains about five feet away , connected by the intestinal maze on the floor . 
 that 's when i heard shuffling behind the large chair in the room . 
 it could only be my beautiful wife seeing i came to save her . 
 i called out to the chair , letting her know it was safe to come out . 
 there was a brief silence , and then more shuffling . 
 again , i pleaded for her to come out so we could escape the hell we 'd been trapped in . 
 i said , `` it 's okay , honey . 
 i 'm here now . 
 i 've come to save you and take you home and never let you out of my sight ever again . 
 i 'm sorry you had to go through all of this , but it 'll be over soon . 
 trust me . '' 
 she stepped out . 
 namely , it stepped out . 
 it was n't my wife behind the chair , but i could still see that it was the woman i 'd always loved . 
 i took a step back in horror as i saw the disease had taken hold of my wife and ripped her out of my life . 
 her once gorgeous hair was void of color . 
 her skin was torn in various places , and i could see pus and blood leaking out of her at the sites of broken skin . 
 she was bent over sideways and had a stature i 'd only seen in my deepest nightmares . 
 her eyes broke my heart and pierced my soul ; they were no longer a beautiful fusion of majesty and compassion , but now showed a white hate and hunger . 
 in that moment , i could only muster up enough courage to say , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she stepped out and dragged her feet in my direction . 
 i staggered back , still muttering apologies that could never find forgiveness . 
 i still remember the shrill cry she let out as she lunged towards me . 
 it pierced my ears and filled the office . 
 it resounded off the walls of the room and the walls of my heart , sobering me to the fact that i 'd lost everything . 
 she landed on top of me , clawing at my throat with desperation . 
 she was so heavy . 
 hot , wet tears flew down my face as i begged her to stop while trying to push her away from me . 
 she was screaming at the top of her lungs , edging herself closer to my neck as slime flew from her mouth . 
 i managed to push her to the side of the room closest to the door . 
 i stood up quickly and made a run to the hallway . 
 i got past the receptionist desk and reached the door leading out of the main office . 
 however , i could n't make an escape ; i heard clawing and scratching on the other side of the door . 
 i recalled the creature from before ; it had made its way to the door and was trying to find its way in . 
 i turned around and saw my diseased wife standing in the doorway of the receptionist office , waiting to locate me and make her next attack . 
 more hot tears flew down my face as i no longer saw my love and only saw an abomination that represented who she once was . 
 i slid down the wall of the office into a position of defeat . 
 i knelt on the floor , arms wide open . 
 she needed to kill me , she wanted to kill me ; i wanted to die . 
 i closed my eyes as a shrill cry filled the room . 
 slow , staggered steps got louder with every passing second . 
 i could hear her closer and closer , sensing the easy prey ready to be devoured . 
 all was black . 
 a gunshot , and the sound of shattering glass . 
 where did that come from ? 
 i opened my eyes . 
 i saw the hospital waiting room once again , bathed in the sunlight . 
 i looked down at my knees . 
 she was lying next to me on the floor , her face directly beneath mine . 
 i scanned her body in wonder how she had managed to stop . 
 in the middle of her stomach , a gaping hole stared back at me . 
 more tears came to my face as i realized that i 'd been spared , but my wife and child had n't , and never would be . 
 i gazed angrily at the hole , hoping by some miracle that everything had been a nightmare that i would soon wake from . 
 i turned my gaze back to the face of the creature below . 
 i could no longer find anything evil about it . 
 now , in its dying state , i could once again see my wife , the love of my life . 
 she was dying right in front of me . 
 it was difficult to swallow as she choked on the blood filling her mouth . 
 there were no pupils in her eyes , but i could sense the fear in her . 
 all i could say was that i was so sorry . 
 her eyes searched my face , pleading for release . 
 she did n't have long left . 
 her disheveled hand slid weakly across the floor towards me . 
 i reached out and grasped her hand in mine . 
 she was so cold . 
 i looked into the face of my love one last time . 
 the last words she heard me say were that i was sorry . 
 she died , and so did i. tape # 3 i heard a muffled gunshot on the other side of the door ; i guess the captain had finally allowed the police to search for survivors . 
 the infected stopped scratching at the door and shrieked as it fled down the hallway . 
 another gunshot cut through the air , which caused the door to tremble . 
 i heard a loud moan on the floor , and then all was silent again . 
 a few moments passed , and then there was a heavy knock on the door . 
 how polite . 
 here we were , in the middle of an apocalypse , and someone still had the decency of a human being . 
 `` anyone there ? '' 
 the voice asked . 
 i replied , `` yeah , i 'm right here . 
 do n't shoot ; i 'm not one of the infected . '' 
 i heard a sigh of relief on the other side of the door . 
 `` good , because the sniper outside thought you were a goner . 
 he happened to look through the open blinds and see one of those creatures make its way towards you . 
 it seems he got the shot off just in time . 
 you all right ? '' 
 i looked down at the child whom i would never know , then into the face of my dead wife . 
 i answered , `` no , but i think i 'll live . '' 
 then he asked me to let him in the room . 
 i stood up , unlocked the door , and let him in . 
 a young officer came in and looked down onto the floor . 
 `` man , talk about a close call . 
 one second late and you 'd be monster chow . 
 i bet you 're glad that thing did n't get a chance to have its dinner . '' 
 i said nothing as i stood there silently ; i tried to subdue the anger surging through me at the disrespect the young boy did n't know he was committing . 
 he looked at me peculiarly , cleared his throat , and said , `` sir , we have to leave right now . 
 there could still be some infected around here , and i need to get you to safety . 
 are you ready to go ? '' 
 i looked up into his face . 
 he was very young , but he had a warmth to him that made me trust him right away . 
 i took one last look at what was left of my family and said , `` yeah . 
 let 's get the hell outta ' here . '' 
 he led me back through the darkened hospital . 
 i took a second to look at the creature from the stairs as i stepped over its body . 
 it looked as if it had once been a boy , no older than sixteen . 
 there was a bullet hole in the middle of its forehead where fresh black ooze was seeping out . 
 it had the same look as all the other creatures i 'd seen : angry and hungry . 
 we walked back through the hospital in the dark , moving slowly and cautiously . 
 after a few minutes of this , we made it back to the entrance . 
 we stepped out into the searing daylight and walked into the barricade of police cars . 
 i was greeted by a man in a captain 's uniform . 
 i hated him ; he was the guy who refused to help the innocent people trapped inside the hospital and allowed them to be eaten alive . 
 he was a tall , fat man with a well-trimmed mustache . 
 he wore the uniform with dignity ; there was n't a dirty spot to be found . 
 his tar black shoes smiled brightly in the sunlight . 
 he proudly bore all of his medals on his uniform to show he was an experienced and capable leader . 
 from my perspective , he was a murderer who let innocent lives be eaten away in the dark hallways of the hospital . 
 he smiled at me proudly and extended his hand towards me for a greeting . 
 i stood there , refusing to return the greeting he had offered . 
 he placed his hand back at his side and said , `` i 'm glad to see you made it out all right . 
 most of the officers have returned to report no survivors . 
 we 've hunted down most of the infected running through the halls . 
 are you all right ? 
 you must 've gone through quite the ordeal . 
 do you need anything ? 
 perhaps some food or water ? '' 
 i wanted to demand him to bring my family back . 
 i wanted to shout in his face and tell him how all the innocent people that went to the hospital that day were dead because of his decision not to act when they needed help the most . 
 i thought about pushing him to the ground and beating him until he knew the pain i 'd felt seeing my family die right in front of me . 
 instead , i took a moment to collect myself and said , `` no , thanks . 
 i just wan na go home . '' 
 he replied , `` that 's gon na be a problem . '' 
 he continued on , `` we need to evacuate the city . 
 some of the infected escaped the hospital and made it into town . 
 the infection 's spreading rapidly . 
 there wo n't be any home to go to . '' 
 i had no home , i had no family , and now i had no hope . 
 i stood there silently as those words circulated about my mind , waiting for the captain to tell me what would happen next . 
 `` we have to take you to the safe zone outside of the city . 
 it 's safe there . 
 first , i 'll need you to be inspected for any bites . 
 if you have any , we 're gon na have to kill you right here and now . 
 i 'm sorry , that 's just the way it is in this situation . 
 you 're too dangerous if you become one of those monsters . 
 if you 're not infected , we 'll take you to the base with the other survivors . 
 you 'll be given safe haven there and not have to worry about any more infected trying to eat you alive . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i nodded reluctantly and followed him to a nearby ambulance with a doctor inside . 
 he inspected me for any bites . 
 my mind began to race and my heart fell like a lead ball into my stomach when i heard an audible `` oh no '' leave his mouth , but he said it was n't a bite , just an injury . 
 he did n't find any bites , but he did tell me that i had a dislocated jaw and two broken ribs on my left side from the fall on the stairway . 
 other than that , i had some minor scrapes and bruises . 
 he helped place my jaw in its proper configuration and bandaged me tightly around the torso . 
 he said i 'd be fine after i got some rest and food . 
 he sent me back out to the captain with a clean bill of health . 
 the captain escorted me to a police van and put me inside . 
 i sat in the windowless van surrounded by guns and other tools police officers use in the line of duty . 
 beyond that , all i could see was the back of the captain 's head . 
 he started the car and off we went . 
 although i could n't see anything , i heard a lot as we drove along . 
 at first , i heard police sirens as we departed from the hospital parking lot . 
 as we drove along the road , i heard numerous shrieks and screams filling the air . 
 i knew there were more creatures out there , looking for people to devour . 
 at the same time , i never realized the roads through town were so bumpy . 
 i drove them every day back and forth to work , and they were never that bumpy . 
 i asked the captain what was goin ' on out there . 
 he told me , `` you would n't want to see it . 
 the streets are crawling with infected , and whenever they see a moving target , they rush towards it . 
 they 're running all about , looking for something to eat . 
 they 've been running into the van for a few minutes now , trying to get at me and you . 
 you know , i used to feel bad about hitting them as i made my way through town carrying survivors . 
 now , i know it sounds a bit sick , but i want to hit every single one of them . 
 you see , my son became an infected yesterday . 
 the news said that the outbreak started today officially , but for me it all started yesterday . 
 i was building a cabinet in the backyard when it happened . 
 i heard a huge crash in the house , and i instinctively wanted to find out what it was . 
 my gut told me to take the hammer i was using , so i grasped it in my hand and carried it into the house with me . 
 i walked into a completely dead house . 
 i was in the kitchen when he attacked me . 
 he tackled me from behind , knocking me to the floor . 
 i turned and saw that my son had become an infected , and his only objective was to eat his dad . 
 the hammer had been knocked from my hand and was on the other side of the island in the middle of the kitchen . 
 my son was glaring at me , daring me to make a move . 
 i broke the silence first . 
 i threw myself to the other side of the island and grasped my hammer . 
 my son leaped over the island and landed right on top of me . 
 it took one blow to the head to kill him , but i kept on hitting him as he lied limp on the floor . 
 i was crying as i repeatedly bashed his skull with the hammer . 
 after a few minutes , i stopped and threw his body outside . 
 i wrapped him up in sheets and buried his body next to my wife 's ashes underneath our family 's large oak tree . 
 that 's what he would 've wanted . 
 i consoled myself by saying that he was n't my son anymore . 
 he was a monster , and in that logic , it 's either kill or be killed . 
 after cleaning myself up , i got the call to go into the office . 
 i never told anyone what happened . 
 i do n't even know why i 'm telling you now . 
 then the outbreak happened . 
 i sent forces to go out and find survivors . 
 my duty was to collect them and take them to the safe haven that had been established outside of town . 
 the first few trips were hard as i hit a bunch of infected . 
 i kept thinking that they were once human , and that i was hurting innocent people . 
 after the fourth trip across the city , my mind returned to my son . 
 he had n't been my son , he was a monster . 
 i was killing monsters , and that 's a good thing to do . 
 so , now i want to hit them all . 
 i want to kill all of these monsters that feast on the people we care about and love . 
 i know it 's sick , but i have to do this ... ... for my son . '' 
 i listened to his story as we made our way to the safe zone . 
 i realized i was n't the only one who 'd lost everything . 
 my thoughts returned to my family , and i began to understand what he meant . 
 we sat in silence for the next few minutes . 
 as we drove on , the screams dissipated into the air and could no longer be heard . 
 the road was n't bumpy anymore . 
 after a few more minutes of driving , we came to a stop . 
 the captain turned around and said , `` we 're here . '' 
 the van doors opened to two rugged looking men and a compound that i recognized as the small army base just outside of town . 
 it was well fortified ; there were beige walls at least fifteen feet high laced with barbed wire . 
 there were eight large towers surrounding the compound , and each was stationed with three men holding guns . 
 there were two large buildings that took up much of the compound . 
 i stepped out of the van and found the captain . 
 he was talking to an older man in an army uniform who looked to be at least fifty . 
 after a moment , the captain turned around and addressed me . 
 he said , `` you 're here in the safe zone with the other survivors . 
 the army forces here will take good care of you and provide you with protection , food , and shelter . 
 i have to keep making runs in and out of the city to find more survivors . 
 thank you for accompanying me and i hope everything will work out for you . '' 
 i thanked the captain for his help , and extended my hand towards him for a goodbye . 
 he met my farewell with a firm handshake . 
 i looked up into his face , meeting his eyes . 
 his hazel eyes held a firm resolve that encouraged me to be strong . 
 i could see that he truly was a capable leader . 
 he stepped into the van and started the vehicle . 
 he sped out of the open gates at the front of the compound and made a right in the direction of the city . 
 i never saw him again . 
 tape # 4 a hand squeezed my shoulder and turned me around . 
 i locked eyes with the older man that spoke to the captain . 
 he greeted me with a sarcastic smile and said , `` please follow me and we 'll get you some food and rest . '' 
 i followed him to one of the large buildings that spanned the compound and stepped inside . 
 i found myself in the main lobby of an office building . 
 it seemed pretty deserted ; the floor was neatly covered in camouflaged sleeping bags . 
 each bag had a pillow , a canteen of water , and a sandwich on top of them . 
 there were two women sitting at a clerk 's desk , but besides that , the room was completely empty . 
 the heavy scent of cleaning products filled my lungs , giving me a racking cough as i walked up to the clerk 's desk and greeted the women . 
 they warmly greeted me and asked me to have a seat . 
 i pulled up a chair , waiting for them to begin questioning me . 
 they asked me some routine questions about my age , occupation , marital status , and how i came to be there . 
 i hesitated when answering my marital status ; i gave the women a pained look as the word `` widowed '' flopped out of my mouth and landed on the paper . 
 they seemed to understand as they looked at each other with grief . 
 after this , one of the women told me to go upstairs to the survivor 's floor where i 'd receive some food and a bed for the night . 
 i thanked them and headed up the flight of stairs leading to the second floor . 
 i treaded carefully up the stairs , reminiscing the fall i had in the hospital that had graciously given me my dislocated jaw and broken ribs . 
 at the top of the stairs i saw the second floor clearly . 
 it was filled with a sea of people . 
 i scanned the room ; the floor was strategically covered in cots to create wide aisles in the room , there were tables on the far side of the room with soldiers serving food to people , and all of the windows of the room had been covered up with large sheets of metal . 
 i picked out a few faces in the crowd , but for the most part i focused on finding some food and rest . 
 i entered the nearest line in an attempt to wait for food . 
 i spent much of my time running my tongue around my mouth , taking the time to feel around on the left side of my face . 
 my tongue glided over various gaps in my mouth ; no more perfect smile . 
 there was still some blood oozing into my mouth , but it was n't a big deal . 
 after an eternity of waiting , i reached the front of the line . 
 as i stepped forward and asked for some food , a soldier pulled up a sign that read `` out of food '' and placed it on the table . 
 i looked up at him with a confused look , to which he responded by shrugging his shoulders and walking away . 
 i looked to my left , at the other lines spread across the room . 
 each one was longer than the one i 'd been in , and i was n't willing to wait any longer . 
 i told myself , `` this is ridiculous . 
 forget about the food and just get some rest . 
 you can always get food in the morning . '' 
 i made my way to a cot on the far side of the room , away from all the foot traffic . 
 i found a cot that was spread out right up against one of the walls . 
 it had a pillow , a canteen of water , and a blanket . 
 i lied down on the cot and tried to make myself comfortable . 
 i took a drink of water to wash out my mouth , and then tried to go to sleep . 
 my stomach growled ferociously , but i ignored it . 
 i pulled the blanket up to my chin and held it there with clenched fists . 
 i closed my eyes and hoped to find sleep . 
 i awoke the next morning ; at least what i believed was the next morning . 
 i woke up in a different room than the one i 'd fallen asleep in the night before . 
 this room was n't widespread and full of people ; it reminded me of a prison cell because it was so cold and lonely . 
 after snapping out of my sleepiness , i glanced around the room . 
 the walls were covered in army recruitment posters and framed pictures of important soldiers receiving recognition . 
 other than the walls , the room was completely bare . 
 i found myself on a cot , missing my blanket , water , and pillow . 
 i sat up in a panic . 
 immediately , my stomach called out to me . 
 the message it sent to my brain made my whole body hurt . 
 i really needed food . 
 i licked my lips , only to find them chapped and bloody . 
 i stood up shakily . 
 how had i ended up there ? 
 i walked briskly to the door and opened it . 
 i was greeted by a young nurse as i entered the hallway . 
 she said , `` good evening . 
 i 'm glad to see you pulled through all right . 
 you 're probably wondering why you ended up in that room . 
 four days ago , you made a huge disturbance in the middle of the night . 
 you were writhing on your bed and screaming nonsense . 
 we had you moved to this smaller room where you could n't scare any more people . '' 
 i looked blankly at her . 
 she continued on : `` i believe you were having night terrors based on your experiences from the day you arrived . 
 do n't worry , you just need more rest and they 'll eventually go away . 
 you can rest now , or , when you 're ready , we can go and find you some food and water . '' 
 i immediately said , `` please , lead the way . '' 
 i followed the nurse down two or three empty hallways . 
 we passed a few offices where i saw soldiers shuffling papers and putting information into computers . 
 she led me to the end of the hallway and through two huge , oak doors . 
 i entered through , back into the room i had apparently been removed from four days ago . 
 i saw the sea of people once again filling the room . 
 my stomach rumbled vigorously in my body , filling my ears . 
 i continued following the nurse through the room . 
 i was led to the front of the nearest food line and received food and water . 
 i gratefully thanked her for her help as she handed me a plate of mashed potatoes , broccoli , and a chicken breast accompanied with a cold canteen of water . 
 she told me to eat up and return to my room so i could keep resting when i was finished . 
 i looked after her as she walked away , disappearing into the sea of people flooding the room . 
 i spotted a chair on the wall nearby and headed in its direction . 
 i glanced into the faces of people as i headed over ; i saw a few angry faces , probably due to the fact i 'd been able to pass them in the line . 
 i also saw a few frightened faces , probably because of the night terrors i had a few nights earlier . 
 one woman pulled her little boy to her side as i came near , telling him aloud not to talk to me . 
 `` i 'm not a monster '' i said to her harshly , to which she responded by gently saying , `` please , just go . '' 
 i walked away angrily and sat down on the faded wooden chair . 
 i ignored the people walking by who were looking in my direction and whispering suspiciously . 
 i focused on the banquet i held in my hands . 
 i slammed the broccoli down my throat with my fork first ; it tasted so fresh and green . 
 next , i turned my attention to the creamy mashed potatoes . 
 i ate these slowly , savoring their smooth texture . 
 i stopped to take a large gulp of water from the canteen that was cold to the touch . 
 the water glided down my throat with ease , giving me a cool sensation that spread throughout my body . 
 i had to take a second gulp , and then a third . 
 by the time i reached my sixth heaping gulp , my lips found the canteen empty . 
 there was only one thing to do : i had to finish the plump chicken breast waiting for me on my plate . 
 i used my steel fork to saw the large chicken breast in half . 
 the juices seeped out of the skin and spread across the plate as i cut my way through . 
 i took a second to admire the chicken before me ; two succulent pieces of chicken looked back at me , ready to be consumed . 
 i pierced the first piece of chicken and threw it down my throat . 
 it was perfectly tender , and tasted divine . 
 i pierced the last piece with my fork and began to move it slowly towards my mouth , preparing myself for the climax of the meal . 
 i was only halfway when i saw her ; then my life changed forever . 
 tape # 5 i looked up and met the eyes of a very young girl standing directly in front of me . 
 she was so tiny and beautiful ; she looked to be no more than six or seven . 
 this little girl had straight , dark brown hair that fell down to her shoulders . 
 she was very skinny , and it was very apparent underneath the clothes she was wearing . 
 she was wearing a puffy , purple jacket to keep her warm . 
 underneath , you could see that she had a faded light blue shirt on . 
 she wore dark blue jeans with some rips in them . 
 they had a hole on the right knee , where you could see she had a scrape that was still bleeding . 
 there were pink shoes on her feet that were covered in large , pink sequins . 
 they shone like bright stars in the reflected light of the room . 
 she had gorgeous bright green eyes that looked as if the finest jade from the most exotic of places had been placed there . 
 she also had some dirt on her face , which starkly contrasted her pale skin . 
 she looked directly into my eyes with a deep , sincere smile , and asked , `` excuse me , but can i have some food ? '' 
 i looked around curiously , trying to spot an oncoming parent that would take her away so i could finish the rest of my meal . 
 i told her , `` i 'm sorry , but this is my food . 
 if you wait in line with your mommy and daddy , you can get something to eat . '' 
 she immediately replied , `` mommy got lost in the city ; she has to hide at our house until it 's safe for her to come here without being hurt by the monsters ; my daddy told me . 
 daddy 's been gone for a long time , and i do n't know where he is now . '' 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 my stomach still groaned , telling me that i needed to eat the succulent piece of chicken on the edge of my fork . 
 then i heard her little stomach groan intensely right in front of me . 
 it called out to me , forcing me to bring the full fork away from my face and place it back on the plate . 
 i looked into her hungry green eyes for a second , and my heart melted with compassion . 
 i looked up in order to spot a short food line so i could wait with her to get food . 
 to my surprise , the room had no more lines . 
 the sea of people had dispersed ; each individual had returned to their cot in order to eat their meal . 
 i stood up , looking at the nearest food table . 
 there were no soldiers there to serve the food , and the food had been removed as well . 
 the only thing that remained was a large sign that clearly stated , `` out of food . '' 
 i quickly scanned the other tables spanning the room , and they all contained the same signs signifying the end of the food rush . 
 i turned my gaze back to the little girl . 
 her stomach growled intensely for a second time . 
 i sat back down , defeated . 
 i looked her in the eyes and reluctantly handed her the fork . 
 her eyes glowed with excitement as i handed my last piece of chicken to her . 
 she looked down and placed it in her mouth . 
 her face swelled to four times it size , barely holding the chicken inside . 
 she chewed meticulously so she would n't miss a single bit of flavor that the chicken held for her . 
 she swallowed it slowly , and then returned my gaze with a grateful smile . 
 she happily yipped , `` thanks mister ! '' 
 i asked her what her name was and where her daddy was . 
 she told me how her daddy had walked away while talking with one of the soldiers , leaving this poor little girl to fend for herself . 
 i continued to speak with this little girl , asking her various questions . 
 i learned a lot about her in the few minutes we spent talking . 
 i found out these things : she was six and three quarters years old , her favorite color was green because it made her eyes look even prettier , her favorite food was brownies , she liked to dance , she had a pet frog that died a long time ago , she did n't have any siblings , she played soccer this past summer , she could play the piano , and she was still afraid of the dark unless she could sleep with her favorite teddy bear . 
 she unzipped her puffy jacket and pulled out a worn teddy bear . 
 it had shaggy fur , buttons for eyes , and a large heart shaped patch sewn onto its stomach . 
 it also had a smile that spread ear to ear on its large , round face . 
 she told me she 'd had it since her second birthday . 
 i looked in astonishment at this well preserved bear and thought about how nice it would be to have it there with her every night , watching over her as she slept . 
 after a few more seconds , she stuffed the bear back into her jacket and zipped it up to her chin . 
 i felt sleep creep up behind my eyelids , making them heavy . 
 i decided it was time for me to go back to my room and try to rest . 
 but what about the girl ? 
 i could n't just leave her there alone . 
 i forced the sleep out of my eyes and asked her , `` how about we go look for your daddy ? '' 
 she excitedly consented . 
 we walked across the floor , making our way through the maze of cots . 
 we reached the stairway and headed down . 
 we landed on the first floor , where nobody was to be found . 
 we walked across the room and stepped into the cold air outside . 
 it was evening , and one could see the sun setting just beyond the high walls of the base . 
 i felt a small , cold hand slip its way into my right palm . 
 i looked over to my right , meeting the eyes of the little girl . 
 she had a shy smile on her face . 
 i gave her a nice big smile to calm her and said , `` okay . 
 you stay close to me and we 'll go find your daddy . '' 
 we began to walk across the compound , over to the second building . 
 there really was no other place for her father to be ; the base was only so big . 
 the night air crept through my skin , sending shivers through my entire body . 
 i stopped in my path and took a second to gaze at the warm sunset declining over the nearest wall . 
 it was a sight to see . 
 the large half circle creeping behind the wall was a bright yellow color . 
 it illuminated the surrounding sky in a flurry of pink , orange , red , and violet , creating within me a sense of awe that i 'd never felt before . 
 could things this beautiful still exist in the midst of all the ugliness happening just beyond the compound 's walls ? 
 i felt the little girl tug at my sleeve , signifying she was ready to move on . 
 my eyes returned to the building on the other side of the compound . 
 this building was very similar to the building we departed from . 
 it stood as a dark entity in the shadow of the setting sun . 
 a few lit windows glowed in the darkness , showing somebody had to be over there for us to talk to . 
 we finished the short walk to the large front doors of the building . 
 there was a plaque just above the door that read : `` loyalty and honor . 
 sacrifice for the sake of the many . 
 this is our creed . 
 let us live and die to uphold the standard to which we are held . '' 
 i read the plaque two or three times , trying to understand the true meaning of what the words were trying to say . 
 how could anyone truly live those words , especially in a world like ours ? 
 i could n't think of any answers then , but now i can see full well the wealth of answers that lie before me that day . 
 i turned my gaze back to the large wooden doors of the building . 
 i grabbed the iron latch and opened up the door . 
 we entered into another large office building . 
 the room was full of cubicles , constructing a maze that needed a navigator if we were ever going to find the girl 's father . 
 i spotted a woman carrying a stack of papers into one of the nearest cubicles ; she 'd be our best bet . 
 we walked over to the entrance of the cubicle and peeked inside . 
 the woman was sitting in a padded armchair , typing on a computer . 
 i cleared my throat obnoxiously , and after a few moments of waiting , she turned around to face us . 
 she looked at me with a warm smile and said , `` excuse me , but can i help you ? '' 
 i answered , `` yes . 
 we 're looking for this girl 's father . 
 he 's been missing and we need to find him as soon as possible . '' 
 she gave me an understanding nod and motioned us to sit in the chairs that stood against the back wall of the cubicle . 
 once we 'd taken seats , the woman turned her attention from me to the girl . 
 she asked her routine questions : what her name was , where she was from , what her father 's name was , where she last saw him , and various other questions . 
 the girl answered every question quickly and excitedly , maybe in hope of finding her father as soon as possible with her help . 
 the woman finished questioning her and thanked her for her cooperation . 
 she turned back to her desk and began to fumble through the drawers . 
 she turned back to the girl and handed her a bright green lollipop . 
 she took it excitedly while belting out a loud `` thank you ! '' 
 the woman turned her attention back to me as the little girl ecstatically threw the lollipop into her mouth . 
 she told me we would need to travel to the second floor of the building to find someone who could help us find the girl 's father more quickly . 
 then she affirmed the girl 's hopes by saying , `` the base is only so big . 
 we should n't have any trouble finding your father . '' 
 i gratefully thanked her for her assistance before our departure . 
 i grabbed the little girl 's hand in mine and led her out of this cubicle , on into the maze filling the room . 
 we met various dead ends and repeated turns as i tried to lead us through . 
 i had to stop at one point and have a man point us in the right direction . 
 finally , we made it thought the maze and up the stairway on the far side . 
 at the top of the stairs was a large , metallic door that contained a nameplate reading : `` storage . '' 
 we turned to look at each other , dumbfounded that the woman would send us to a storage room when anyone who could help us was on the floor we 'd just left . 
 i shrugged my shoulders and hesitantly opened the door . 
 it opened to the entire second floor of the building , revealing a storage room that 'd been converted into a set of offices . 
 on the left side of the room , there were some lighted desks where people in uniforms sat . 
 on the right side of the room was a large section where supplies were being stored and stacked on various racks . 
 we stepped in and walked across the blank white floor to the nearest desk . 
 we came up to an older woman sitting at a desk who motioned us to have a seat . 
 we sat in the stiff wooden chairs and waited for her to respond to us again . 
 i looked down at the little girl , who returned my gaze with a large , green smile . 
 she was twirling the lollipop in her mouth and dyeing her whole mouth green . 
 she pulled it out of her mouth and proudly declared , `` it 's yummy ! '' 
 then she placed the lollipop back in her mouth and waited for the woman 's response once again . 
 after a few minutes of shuffling papers , the woman turned her attention towards us and asked , `` how can i help you this fine evening ? '' 
 i told her all of the information the little girl told the woman downstairs . 
 then i took a second to ask her to help us find the girl 's father . 
 after listening intently to my story , she simply said , `` follow me . '' 
 she stood up and motioned us to follow her as she walked away . 
 we followed her out of the storage room and back down the stairs . 
 we turned a few corners , becoming more and more lost in the maze 's depths each time . 
 finally , we came to a stop with a man sitting alone in the nearest cubicle . 
 immediately , the little girl ran into the man 's arms while exclaiming a garbled , `` daddy ! 
 daddy ! 
 we found you ! '' 
 after the initial warm embrace with this rugged looking man , she pulled herself away , spit the finished lollipop out of her mouth , and scolded him . 
 she said harshly , `` why 'd you leave me alone ? 
 you meanie ! 
 i was so worried about you ! 
 do n't you ever leave me alone ever again ! '' 
 it warmed my heart to see that she 'd finally found her father . 
 i turned and thanked the woman for her help . 
 she took her leave , disappearing behind the nearest corner . 
 i turned my attention back to the little girl and her father . 
 after another scolding , and a few long apologies , the man took her out of his lap and came up to me . 
 he was a small , stocky man with large rimmed glasses . 
 he had specks of gray in his black , glossy hair . 
 i saw his muscles bulging out of the red shirt that was obviously too tight for his build . 
 his face looked hardened , like that of the construction workers i 'd seen in town . 
 he wore blue jeans that were quite faded . 
 he looked at me , gave me a large , toothy smile , and extended his hand towards me . 
 i shook his dry , calloused hand while returning his smile with my own . 
 he told me , `` thank you so much for looking after my girl . 
 i thought i 'd lost her for good . 
 after getting lost in my conversation with the soldier , i looked everywhere for her . 
 ultimately , i was sent here to wait until someone found my daughter and brought her back to me . 
 again , thank you so much ! '' 
 i told him no thanks was necessary , i was just there to help . 
 still , he was relentless with his gratitude , thanking me again for the deed i performed . 
 after a brief conversation about the state of things going on outside the walls of the base , i suggested we make our way back to the other building for bedtime . 
 the father took his little girl by the hand , and we attempted to navigate ourselves out of the maze we 'd been stranded in . 
 i led the way as we continually turned wrong corners , retracing our steps and trying different routes until we ultimately found the front of the building once again . 
 we exited through the doors of the building , back into the cool night outside . 
 we walked across the compound in silence , gazing up at the bright stars now spanning the wide expanse of sky . 
 i 'd never been much of a star gazer , but that night the stars seemed to shine brighter than usual as they smiled down on the three of us . 
 we watched the stars until we made it back to the front doors of the compound 's other building . 
 we entered the lobby and made our way up the stairs just in time to hear a nearby soldier exclaim , `` lights out in ten minutes ! 
 make sure to find your way to your cots and get settled for the night ! '' 
 i led the way back to the wooden chair i 'd sat in when i met the little girl . 
 when we reached the chair , the father said , `` good . 
 nobody 's taken our cots . 
 good night 's sleep coming up ! '' 
 at the mention of sleep , my eyelids began to get heavy . 
 my body became lethargic , reminding me how badly i needed to return to the sleep i 'd given up in order to help the little girl . 
 i sat down in the chair and waited to make sure the man and his daughter got settled before heading back to my little room in the hallways of the building . 
 the man picked up his daughter and placed her on the cot across from me . 
 he pulled the blankets up to her chin and gave her a kiss on the forehead . 
 he began to step away when her little hand grasped his pant leg . 
 he turned back to his daughter as she said , `` will you still be here ? 
 you promise not to leave again ? '' 
 he replied , `` of course , sweetie . 
 i wo n't ever leave your side again . 
 now get some sleep . '' 
 she turned over and began to snore before the man reached the other side of the aisle to talk to me . 
 he sat down on the floor next to me , his sturdy back supporting him against the wall . 
 he gazed off in the direction of his daughter . 
 after a few moments , he said aloud , `` it 's been hard on her since her mother went missing . 
 i had to tell her that she was safe so she would n't get alarmed . 
 now , i do n't know what to tell her . 
 i know in my heart that my wife 's gone . 
 i can feel it in my soul . 
 it 's like a rubber band that 's stretched until it breaks ; i held onto the lie that she was okay for as long as i could , but i know without a shadow of a doubt she 's either dead or one of those monsters in town . 
 either way , i 've lost her . 
 we 've lost her . 
 the rubber band 's snapped , and i can tell you , it hurts more than i ever thought possible . 
 i have to tell her that her mother is still okay because i ca n't bear to see that innocent little girl go through any more pain . '' 
 my thoughts turned to my own family . 
 i knew he was doing the right thing by hiding the truth from his daughter . 
 if only i could hide things like that from myself . 
 i wished i was naïve enough to believe my wife and child were still alive . 
 i wanted desperately to live with the vain hope that everything would be okay , to feel life flow within my heart again . 
 i put my hand to the left side of my chest , making sure i still had a pulse . 
 i could feel my heartbeat fueling my body , but inside myself i knew i no longer had a heart . 
 all that remained was a black hole full of regret and failure . 
 i tried to hold back the tears welling up in my eyes . 
 i managed to take control of myself enough to tell him , `` you 're doing the right thing . 
 do n't let her experience that kind of pain . 
 it 's too much at her age . 
 i think i better go get some rest . 
 i 'll come back and find you guys in the morning . 
 have a good night . '' 
 the man looked up at me and gave me a nod of approval . 
 i did n't wait for him to get up . 
 i turned away , made it through the labyrinth of cots , and came to where i 'd entered the room with the kind nurse . 
 i stepped through the large doors and began to walk down the hallway . 
 tears began to flow down my face , creating small clear rivulets in my dirty , unclean skin . 
 i found my room and stepped in . 
 i closed the door and locked it behind me . 
 i walked over to the empty cot and let my legs crumble beneath me . 
 i shook the room as i crashed onto the cot . 
 i looked around the room at the posters and pictures of the soldiers surrounding me . 
 they were laughing at me , mocking my failure to protect all that i 'd loved in the world . 
 my mind raced , telling me it was entirely my fault . 
 heaping sobs racked my body , making my whole being shake ; it hurt everywhere . 
 my mind was pounding as my whole body heaved in a deep , inconsolable grief . 
 i do n't know how long i cried , but the sobs were the last thing i remember before i woke up to the screams . 
 tape # 6 at first i thought it was a dream . 
 i sat up slowly in my bed , dizzy from the energy expended earlier . 
 i rubbed my tired eyes as the blurry room began to take form in front of me . 
 a shrill scream filled the air , cutting through the dense silence of the hallway . 
 i became alert in an instant ; the scream sounded just like the ones i 'd heard before in the hospital . 
 i stood up next to my cot , waiting to hear anything else . 
 there was a faint scratching noise in the hallway . 
 as i stood there trembling in the darkness , it grew in intensity . 
 whatever it was , it was making its way down the hall , right past my door . 
 the scratching noise sent sharp chills down my spine as it slowly passed by . 
 after a few moments , everything was silent again . 
 two loud gunshots filled the air . 
 then the panic began . 
 i reacted immediately ; i threw the door open and stepped into the hallway . 
 the lights of the hallway flickered on , blinding and disorienting me for a second . 
 once my eyes adjusted to the new light , i saw the scene clearly . 
 blood covered the floor in a thick , red ooze . 
 i looked over to my right first . 
 i saw a young , frightened soldier holding a smoking silver pistol . 
 he had a look of utter horror on his face . 
 his arms and legs shook visibly . 
 he screamed at me in a cracked voice , `` you 've got ta get outta ' here ! 
 they 're everywhere ! 
 run ! 
 run ! '' 
 i never got to give him a reply because as soon as he barked his orders , he took off running around the corner behind him . 
 i turned to my left to see what he 'd shot in the lonely corridors of the building . 
 i saw a jumbled and twisted corpse on the bloody floor ; one of its gnarled arms reached towards the end of the hallway that led towards the room where the rest of the survivors would be . 
 i stood there for a second to take in the scene . 
 then i walked in the direction of the corpse . 
 i came up next to the body and knelt down beside it . 
 it was definitely one of the infected . 
 the body had become gnarled and tangled as the disease had clearly ravaged the body of this woman . 
 she had cuts all over her arms and legs , which were filling with blood and pus . 
 she was face down on the floor , and i could see a puddle of thick , green spittle mixed with the blood spreading from her head . 
 my mind immediately flashed back to the father and the little girl just beyond the doors . 
 i needed to make sure they were okay . 
 i ran through the empty halls of the building until i came back to the large wooden doors that led into the room with the sea of people . 
 i placed my hand on the handle of the closest door and began to push it open . 
 i stopped halfway as a thought occurred to me . 
 what if there were other creatures lurking around the floor ? 
 i had to be careful . 
 my gut lurched forward , warning me that something was going on around there . 
 i opened the rest of the door . 
 the room that had once contained a sea of people was completely empty , save a slew of bodies lying all over the ground . 
 the walls were covered in streams of thick , red blood . 
 everything was in disarray . 
 the cots were thrown about and remnants of food and water canteens were everywhere underneath overturned tables . 
 i began to walk around the floor , examining the bodies thrown about . 
 it was a mix of human and infected bodies . 
 the human bodies had slashes across their necks , arms , and legs . 
 some had gunshots in them , signifying the confusion that 'd taken place sometime earlier . 
 the bodies of the infected were like that of the body left in the hallway . 
 i glanced over their bodies , looking at the disgusting abominations those people had become . 
 they all shared the same characteristics : they had no pupils , their hair was beginning to recede from their scalps , their skin was breaking in various places , blood was beginning to seep through their broken skin , their posture was gnarled and twisted , and they had expressions of insatiable hunger on their faces . 
 i navigated my way through the room , scanning each body in the fear that the father and his daughter were either dead or had become the abominations covering the floor . 
 i heaved a sigh of relief when i finished looking at the last body on the floor , realizing that they were either in another part of the compound , unhurt , or had somehow escaped from the base . 
 i turned behind me , looking for something to protect myself with . 
 there was no way i was gon na go outside without a weapon . 
 i began to retrace my steps , looking for anything i could use as a means of protection . 
 near one of the overturned food tables i saw a metal bar the length of my arm . 
 it was lying in a pool of blood near the base of the table . 
 i grasped it in my hands and felt the heavy weight of the metal . 
 i grabbed a nearby jacket on the floor and used it to cleanse the bar of the blood stuck to it . 
 i threw the jacket on the ground and made my way to the stairs leading to the floor below . 
 the lights were on downstairs , revealing a trail of blood leading from where i was to the main floor . 
 i grasped the bar tightly , holding it in front of my body like a sword . 
 i took slow , cautious steps down the stairs . 
 i watched my surroundings carefully as i made my descent , making sure i would n't be ambushed by any creature that could be lurking about . 
 i reached the base of the stairs and saw the first floor in full view . 
 the same horrid scene i witnessed on the second floor was repeated there on the first . 
 however , instead of civilian bodies , soldiers ' bodies lined the floor alongside those of dead infected . 
 those soldiers had to have been taken by surprise because there were no guns on the entire floor . 
 i waded through the field of bodies , checking for anything useful to take with me as i departed . 
 one of the infected had a large knife in its skull , which i pulled out and tucked into my belt . 
 i found an army backpack on the floor , which i emptied and carried with me as i continued to scavenge on the floor . 
 i found a full canteen of water , some power bars , a flare , and some army food packages . 
 after scavenging for a few more moments , i placed the items in the backpack and put it on . 
 i took the metal bar back up into my hands and skulked over to the main doors of the building . 
 i took a deep breath , opened the door , and stepped outside . 
 the compound was a crime scene . 
 bodies were strewn across the compound , seeming to make a path from the building i was at to the building on the opposite side of the compound . 
 the main gates of the base were open , most likely because some tried to escape the infection that 'd gotten into the compound . 
 i saw a few army cars still idling by , patiently waiting for a driver to step in and get them off of the base . 
 i began to step towards the nearest car when cries filled my ears . 
 i turned and saw two dark , twisted silhouettes on the far side of the building , seeing new prey in sight . 
 i gauged the situation in my mind : i could attempt to get through the infected and enter the car unscathed , or i could make a run to the building on the far side of the compound . 
 i decided to make a run for the building . 
 i broke out in a sprint towards the building . 
 more cries filled the air as the silhouettes chased after me . 
 i could sense them moving in on me , getting closer with every step i took . 
 i had to lose weight . 
 with one powerful thrust , i hurled the backpack from my shoulders in the direction of the monsters . 
 i still held onto the metal bar , just in case i did n't make it to the doors in time . 
 i made my way across the compound and reached the large doors . 
 i threw the nearest door open and slammed it behind me . 
 i held the door closed and locked it . 
 after locking the door , i could hear the cries of the infected on the opposite side . 
 they banged on the door , desperate to enter the building . 
 i took a step back and held the bar tightly against my chest . 
 that was when i realized i was completely in the dark . 
 i felt my way to the nearest wall and searched for a light switch . 
 i moved slowly along the wall , making sure not to make too much noise . 
 i continued to feel along the wall until i found a light switch panel . 
 i flipped all of the switches on , filling the room with blinding white light . 
 i saw the maze of cubicles from the search for the little girl 's father . 
 i could still hear the creatures outside , attempting to get inside and reach me . 
 i decided to make my way through the cubicles and up to the storage room . 
 i held the bar tightly and began to creep through . 
 i slid my feet slowly and carefully , checking every corner twice for any creatures . 
 i passed by various offices , finding bodies and blood in some as i passed . 
 one office i passed held the ravaged corpse of the woman that helped me find the little girl 's father . 
 i walked into her cubicle solemnly , allowing my eyes to search the red-splattered room . 
 her blood-soaked body was spread across the desk , looking at the ceiling above with an expression of pure agony . 
 there was an enormous chasm in her chest which let me see directly through her body and onto the shimmering surface below . 
 i suppressed the vomit rising in my throat and looked at the rest of her . 
 her arms and legs were mangled and sprawled across the desk . 
 the pool of blood beneath them shone bright and dripped from the desktop to the floor . 
 i looked away in shame and scanned the floor before me . 
 papers and wires covered it in a tangled mess . 
 what made everything worse were the bloody lollipops scattered across the floor , perfectly visible at my feet . 
 i pulled one up and wiped the blood from it . 
 it was a vibrant green color . 
 a lump formed in my throat as the little girl flashed into my mind . 
 i had to find her and her father . 
 i threw the lollipop on the floor and backed out of the cubicle . 
 i took one last look at what was left of that kind woman and slowly walked away . 
 i managed to make my way through the maze unheeded by anyone or anything . 
 i reached the stairs leading up to the storage room . 
 i made my way up the steps , still watching my back for any enemies . 
 i reached the door reading `` storage '' and quietly opened it . 
 the room was n't as devastated as the other rooms i 'd seen . 
 there were papers blowing across the floor , but other than that , there seemed to be no disturbances . 
 i spotted the shelves on the right side of the room ; there were opened boxes lining the shelves , and i decided to see what i could scavenge from whatever was left . 
 i walked over to the racks and began my search , going from box to box . 
 when i reached the third or fourth rack , i saw a large box begin to move in the far corner of the room . 
 it shook vigorously for a few moments , and then all was still . 
 there was no way i was going to be surprised by this monster . 
 i grasped the metal bar in my hand , holding it above my head . 
 i walked cautiously towards the box , ready to swing at whatever sprung from it . 
 i slid over to it , and it shook intensely for a second time as i came close . 
 i grabbed the top of the box and pulled it away from its spot , metal bar ready to kill . 
 i was mid-swing when i heard a small voice cry , `` no ! 
 stop ! 
 please do n't hurt me ! '' 
 it was the little girl , trembling with fright . 
 large tears filled her pretty green eyes , and they forced me to drop the bar and bring her into my arms . 
 she wrapped her arms around my neck and said , `` daddy left to help , but he has n't come back ! 
 i 've been here for a long time , and i 'm scared daddy 's hurt ! 
 i heard screaming outside a while ago , but it 's stopped now . 
 can you help me find daddy ? '' 
 my mind jumped to the conclusion that her father had either become an infected or one of the corpses lying about the compound , but i had to give this scared little girl some hope . 
 i told her , `` do n't worry . 
 we 're going to find your daddy and get out of here . 
 let 's get going . '' 
 i put the little girl down and stood up . 
 i gave her a big smile of confidence and held my hand out to her . 
 she placed her cold , slimy hand in mine and looked up at me with a hopeful smile . 
 we scavenged through the racks of boxes , hoping to find anything . 
 to my disappointment , all of the boxes i searched were empty . 
 the little girl was on her knees pulling a small box from underneath one of the nearby racks as i looked down . 
 i knelt next her and asked , `` did you find anything ? '' 
 she said , `` i found this box hiding from me over here . 
 let 's look inside . '' 
 the little girl seemed a lot braver and less scared ; she was n't crying anymore , and was able to calmly smile up at me . 
 that comforted me , because i was still worried about the creatures outside and her missing father . 
 i knelt next to her on the floor and helped her open the small box . 
 to our surprise , we found the box to be full of gummy bear packages . 
 that made me laugh cynically . 
 i was expecting something useful , but we got gummy bears instead . 
 the little girl reached in and pulled a package out . 
 she tore it open and started eating the candies inside . 
 she looked up at me with a big smile and said , `` yummy ! 
 do you want some ? '' 
 i shook my head and told her i was n't very hungry . 
 she finished the gummy bears and said we should take some with us . 
 i consented to having her stick a package in her jacket and putting two or three of them into my own pockets . 
 after stuffing them in my pockets , i stood up and told the little girl , `` okay . 
 we have to get going . 
 we 're gon na go outside and look for your daddy . 
 when we go downstairs you need to stay close to me and do exactly what i tell you to do . 
 okay ? '' 
 she replied with a silent nod as she stood up in front of me . 
 she grabbed my hand in hers and said , `` okay . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i walked with her back to the metal bar i dropped and picked it back up with my right hand . 
 then we made our way to the door . 
 i opened the door slowly . 
 everything was silent . 
 i could see the stairs and the beginning of the maze of cubicles . 
 we made our way down the stairs slowly , watching carefully for any movement . 
 we reached the base of the stairs safely and began to proceed through the cubicles . 
 when we turned the second corner of the maze , i heard a shuffling noise somewhere behind us . 
 we stopped in our tracks , listening for any more movement . 
 we seemed to be waiting for an eternity . 
 the little girl began to tug on my arm aggressively . 
 i slowly turned my head to look around . 
 i saw an infected standing at the end of the aisle behind us . 
 it was n't moving ; it was waiting for more movement , just like we were . 
 i had to make up my mind to do something . 
 i began to slide my left foot forward along the floor , making as little noise as possible . 
 the creature still heard me . 
 it turned its head , and i saw its white eyes widen and its nostrils flare . 
 the expression on its face changed from one of curiosity to one of anger as it turned in our direction . 
 it began to charge at us , its screams filling the air . 
 i grabbed the little girl and yelled , `` run ! '' 
 we turned the nearest corner and sprinted down the aisle . 
 after turning another corner , we ducked into the nearest cubicle . 
 i placed the little girl underneath the desk and told her to stay put until i got back . 
 she pulled herself into the dark shadows underneath the desk , almost disappearing completely . 
 i turned around and entered back into the aisle . 
 the creature entered the aisle as i stepped out . 
 i ran in the opposite direction of the monster and turned the nearest corner . 
 i stepped into the nearest cubicle and prepared to strike with the metal bar in my hand . 
 i could gauge where the creature was because its screams still cut through the air . 
 i prepared to swing as i heard it getting closer and closer . 
 it turned the corner and i swung with all my might . 
 i missed . 
 the monster ducked as it ran past me . 
 it stopped in its tracks and turned to face me . 
 green spittle was dripping from its gaping mouth . 
 i got the bar ready for a second swing . 
 the monster sprinted towards me , leaping in the air above me . 
 i closed my eyes and swung . 
 when i opened my eyes , i was lying on the floor . 
 the monster was a few feet behind me , lying on the ground . 
 i could see the metal bar stuck in its ribcage , and a pool of blood was spreading on the floor . 
 i got up and walked over to the creature . 
 as i neared it , it began to twitch . 
 the creature was dying , but it surely was n't dead . 
 i pulled the knife out of my belt and prepared to slit its throat . 
 as i reached down to grab its head , i heard a loud scream fill the room . 
 my mind immediately recalled the little girl i 'd left . 
 i left the dying creature lying there as i sprinted down the aisle , knife in hand . 
 i returned back to where i placed the girl , but she was n't there . 
 a cold sweat came over me , as did all the worst case scenarios of what could be happening to her at that moment . 
 another desperate cry reached my ears . 
 i turned and ran down multiple aisles , losing myself at every turn . 
 i ran hard , calling out her name and hoping to find her at every turn i took . 
 i finally began to hear her voice clearly . 
 i heard her saying , `` no ! 
 please ! 
 no ! '' 
 i sprinted down the aisle and turned the corner . 
 i saw the little girl backed up against a wall of the building , seeming to grow smaller and smaller with each passing second . 
 another abomination was caught in between us , keeping me from getting to her . 
 the abomination had a broken leg that it was dragging alongside it . 
 yet it was rapidly sliding its presence across the aisle , inching closer and closer to the girl . 
 i yelled out at the creature , trying to draw its attention . 
 i was horrified when it turned around . 
 it was the girl 's father ; he 'd become an infected . 
 like the other infected i had beheld , the disease made him a new and grotesque creation . 
 it was difficult to look at . 
 the image of the kind , hard working man became enshrouded by the evil in front of me . 
 he slouched over himself , letting blood and spittle stream from his mouth to the floor . 
 his red shirt was vibrant against his pale , torn skin . 
 his right leg had been torn as well , and i could see white a bone protruding from the leg . 
 i saw his body heaved silently in the light of the room . 
 i watched on as he turned back in the direction of the girl and was almost on the verge of reaching her . 
 the little girl was still crying aloud , pleading with her father not to hurt her . 
 i stood there , stunned . 
 i watched him move in on her , stretching out one of his disheveled hands towards her throat . 
 i got my wits and started to run in the direction of the monster . 
 i sprinted down the aisle and leaped into the air , flying directly into him . 
 i tackled him into the wall and smashed his head against it . 
 blood and slime flew from his head as he let out a blood-curdling scream . 
 the little girl moved herself away from our fight , scooting herself against the wall of the nearest cubicle . 
 even though he was weakened , the monster still had immense strength . 
 he threw me from on top of himself , causing me to land some distance away . 
 then he leapt up and sprinted in my direction . 
 although he was limping , he still had the speed of a demon . 
 he caught me before i could get up . 
 the monster flew into me , picking me up and tackling me through a cubicle and into the next one over . 
 i was dazed . 
 i could only hear the pounding of my heart and the screams of the little girl telling her infected father to stop hurting me . 
 he pinned me down on a pile of debris and let his cold , horrible spittle drip onto my face . 
 he looked as if he was smiling at me , savoring the meal he was about to enjoy . 
 his sick , demented smile struck fear into my body , causing me to panic and struggle . 
 i looked to my right , seeing my knife just out of reach . 
 i clawed and pounded the ground , trying to bring it closer . 
 i looked back into the white , evil eyes of my enemy , and his head was getting closer to mine , preparing to take a bite out of my neck . 
 i continued to panic , seeing the end in sight . 
 then , the little girl jumped on the back of the monster and reached for his face . 
 she stuck her thumbs right into his soulless eyes , gouging them and causing fluid to leak from his eyes onto my face . 
 the monster reared up , throwing the little girl from his back and loosening his grip on me . 
 i reached for my knife and grasped it . 
 i sat up , knife in hand , and plunged it in the middle of his chest . 
 this only knocked him back , allowing me to be on top again . 
 i centered myself , pulled the knife from his chest , and made one huge stab right into his head . 
 blood spurted out of his head , landing all over the ground and my face . 
 the smile on the monster 's face faded as the life left his body . 
 i wrenched the knife out of his head and tucked it back into my belt . 
 the little girl was not far off , crying on the floor . 
 i knelt beside her and placed my hand on her shoulder . 
 she was crying intensely , consoling herself as she said , `` he had to do it daddy ... ... ... . . 
 you were being such a meanie . '' 
 i sat down next to her and let her cry for a few more moments . 
 i rested my head against the wall and looked up into the light above me . 
 this girl had just lost everything , just like i had . 
 i hated myself because i had to be the one who took it away . 
 i wiped the blood and tears off of my face and stood up . 
 she was still crying . 
 i picked her up into my arms , and she put her arms around my neck . 
 she said in my ear , `` you wo n't become a meanie like daddy , will you ? '' 
 i whispered calmly in her ear , affirming that i would never let that happen or leave her alone . 
 i carried her in my arms away from the body of her dead father , disappearing around the corner closest to us . 
 i carried her back to the main entrance of the building . 
 that was the only way out of the hell we were in . 
 there was no scratching or banging on the doors in front of us . 
 i pulled the knife from my belt and clutched it tightly in my hand . 
 i whispered in the little girl 's ear , saying , `` hold on tight , we 're getting out of here . '' 
 i unlocked the door and opened it slowly . 
 there was no life outside in the compound . 
 perhaps the creatures from before found better prey . 
 i made my way completely outside as i cradled the girl in my arms . 
 i took slow , careful steps as i crossed the compound , making little noise . 
 i reached the backpack i dropped before and slung it over my shoulder . 
 a car was still idling nearby , waiting for me to drive it out of there . 
 i opened the door of the car silently , and placed the girl in the passenger 's seat . 
 i put the backpack at her feet and got in the car . 
 i locked the doors and looked over at the little girl . 
 she had a crushed look on her face , almost as if all the life had been drained from her body . 
 i decided not to say anything . 
 i put my foot on the gas and drove us off the compound . 
 i turned left , leading away from the city and the base . 
 i looked back , watching the base disappear until it was only a speck off in the distance . 
 tape # 7 i drove through the night , trying to put as much distance between us and the city as possible . 
 thankfully , we had a full gas tank . 
 as i drove , i repeatedly glanced over at the little girl . 
 she fell asleep after a few minutes of driving . 
 she leaned the seat back and curled up into a ball within the seat . 
 i felt sorry for her ; she was so young , and yet she 'd experienced so much pain within the past few days . 
 it was way too much at her age . 
 i remembered the gummy bears i had jammed in my pockets . 
 i pulled them out and put them on the floor beside the backpack . 
 i 'd offer them to her later to try and take her mind off the loss of her father . 
 i contemplated all that had happened over the past few days . 
 so much had gone on , and so many lives had been lost . 
 i tried to process all of it while counting up the people i knew that were either dead or an infected by now . 
 as i sat there thinking on that , my thoughts occasionally drifted to my wife . 
 i missed her so much . 
 i touched my chest with my left hand , feeling the piece of my heart that was no longer there . 
 i felt empty , as if someone had stolen the most vital part of what made me who i was and would never give it back . 
 i looked back over at the little girl sleeping in the seat next to me . 
 i thought of the child i 'd never know . 
 i felt like a failure . 
 everyone i 'd met was either dead or a monster trying to kill people . 
 the world was going to hell around me and i was absolutely powerless to stop it . 
 i tried to shake those morbid thoughts as dawn approached . 
 i hoped that i 'd think more clearly then . 
 the sun illuminated the landscape around us , revealing a forest that spread in all directions . 
 i drove on as made our way through the countryside . 
 we passed through small towns that were crawling with infected . 
 i plowed right through them , not even batting an eye as i ran those monsters over . 
 i began to understand what the captain had told me days earlier . 
 the words reverberated in my mind ; `` it 's either kill or be killed ... he was n't my son anymore , he was a monster . '' 
 the little girl slept through it all , occasionally shifting her position to make herself more comfortable . 
 her shallow , whimpered breathing unsettled me . 
 i spent the ride in silence , trying my best not to wake her . 
 i drove until the gas tank was almost empty . 
 as the sun began to set on the horizon , we reached a local highway leading out of the state . 
 as we wove past aisles of abandoned cars , i heard someone calling out to us . 
 i kept moving in the direction of the voice . 
 i passed a few more cars and came across a group of six people . 
 five of them were holding guns . 
 they raised their weapons at us , preparing to fire as we neared them . 
 the woman with them was waving her hands , trying to flag us down . 
 i came to a stop right in front of her . 
 the men remained in their positions while she stepped away from the group and walked to the side of the car . 
 i rolled down the window and took a long look at her . 
 she was a young woman , probably around twenty years old . 
 she had long red hair that reached her waist . 
 her eyes were a deep blue that reminded me of a cloudless sky on a perfect day . 
 she had an athletic build that gave her a demanding presence . 
 she looked at me with a contemptuously as said , `` state your business here . 
 this is our turf . '' 
 i replied , `` i 'm just tryin ' to pass through . 
 we came from back that way , not a long ways off , and we just wan na escape all the infected running about . '' 
 she said , `` if that 's so , then why are you driving a military vehicle ? 
 there are n't very many of those vehicles around here , let alone military bases . '' 
 i turned the engine off and took my hands from the wheel . 
 i grabbed the door handle and attempted to exit the vehicle . 
 when it opened halfway , the woman kicked the door shut , crushing my hand . 
 she pulled out a black pistol and aimed it at the middle of my head . 
 `` no sudden moves ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 i clenched my hand and growled in her direction . 
 she barked , `` you still have some explaining to do . 
 how did you get here and how did you acquire that vehicle ? 
 explain yourself right now ! '' 
 the little girl had woken up because of her yelling . 
 she tugged on my sleeve , causing me to turn to face her . 
 she looked up at me with curious eyes and asked , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i told her not to worry ; i just had to talk to these people so we could keep going . 
 the woman yelled through the open window , `` hey ! 
 i 'm still over here ! 
 answer me or i 'll shoot ! '' 
 i turned back to face the red-haired woman and explained myself . 
 i only told her about the army base ; i left out everything prior to that . 
 after hearing my tale , she placed the pistol back in her belt and opened the door . 
 i stepped out as she waved the men over to us . 
 i looked back at the little girl in the passenger 's seat . 
 she had a worried look on her face and was strangely quiet as she sat in the seat . 
 the men came over and stopped pointing their guns in my direction . 
 the woman told me , `` sorry , we just could n't be too careful . 
 we 've had a few run-ins with some shady characters . '' 
 i told her there was no need to worry ; i was n't a shady character at all . 
 she smiled , and then asked me where i was going and why . 
 i told her all i wanted to do was get as far away from the base as possible . 
 i also wanted to keep the little girl safe because she 'd lost her father and had nobody left . 
 the woman looked at me and said , `` well , you ca n't keep goin ' on this highway . 
 about fifty miles up the road is a military blockade that was set up a few days before the outbreak . 
 it was taken over by infected a day or two ago , and now it 's a festering ground for them . 
 it 's not safe at all . '' 
 i told her , `` either way , i need to find somewhere to stay . 
 i 'm almost out of gas and have few supplies . '' 
 a wry smile spread across the woman 's face as she said , `` you can come with us . 
 if you do , just remember that it wo n't be for free . '' 
 i took a moment to try to understand what she 'd said . 
 i looked down at my feet , and then at the little girl in the car . 
 there really was n't much of a choice ; we had to go with these people . 
 i turned my attention back to the woman . 
 i nodded at her and thanked her for allowing us on . 
 she walked away as she said , `` okay . 
 follow me . 
 boys , keep an eye on this one . '' 
 the men watched carefully as i lifted the little girl from the car . 
 i grabbed the supplies and placed them in the backpack . 
 i put the backpack on my weary shoulders and picked up the little girl in my arms . 
 she whispered in my ear , `` where are we going ? 
 i 'm scared . '' 
 i told her , `` i do n't know where we 're going , but we have to trust these people . 
 do n't worry , i 'll make sure they do n't hurt you . '' 
 the little girl leaned back , giving me an assuring smile . 
 one of the men ushered me into the midst of the others and the group led us into the forest on the side of the highway . 
 we walked through the dense forest for hours . 
 the last remnants of sunlight crept through the thick trees , elongating the shadows of the forest . 
 the forest took on an eerie feel as we trekked through . 
 all i could hear was the crunching of the leaves underneath our feet and the occasional hoot of an owl nearby . 
 i felt a lot safer in the midst of the armed gunmen . 
 the little girl held onto me tightly , showing her uneasiness in the dense forest . 
 after a while , the sun went down completely , which filled the forest with thick darkness . 
 the men surrounding us pulled out high powered flashlights that brought some security in the unknown blackness around us . 
 a howl filled the air and sent a chill down my spine . 
 i wanted to get out of the forest as soon as possible . 
 my mind began to wander . 
 not only did i think of the animals that could be out there , but i began to think of the possibility of an infected lurking about the woods , searching for a meal . 
 as soon as that thought crossed my mind , a twig snapped right behind us and its break echoed through the trees . 
 a cold sweat came over me as we stopped . 
 the little girl clutched my neck frantically , almost choking me to death . 
 fear crept over me as one of the men turned his flashlight on the ground behind us . 
 a small rabbit was sitting on the ground , next to a nearby tree . 
 the full force of the light hit it square in the face ; it to turned tail and ran back into the darkness . 
 the girl loosened her grip on my neck as i let out a deep sigh of relief . 
 one of the men chuckled loudly and said , `` what a pussy '' underneath his breath . 
 i gave the man a dirty look when he turned back around . 
 the little girl saw this and let out a small giggle . 
 we turned our attention forward and continued walking . 
 after some more walking through the darkness , we came to a clearing with a stream . 
 i saw the whole sky filled with bright stars high above the tall grass . 
 it was so clear that i could 've traced each individual line in the sky , connecting each star and creating a brilliant web in the heavens . 
 we made our way through the tall grass and stopped at a stream . 
 we turned right at its banks and followed it upstream for another period of time . 
 i continually glanced up at the stars as we walked . 
 i looked in my arms to see the little girl gazing at the stars too . 
 she looked calm and peaceful there in my arms . 
 the stream led us through another patch of dark forest , which eventually turned into another large clearing . 
 under the light of the stars i saw our destination . 
 in the middle of the clearing was a large house that looked like a mansion . 
 it was surrounded by a tall brick wall that contained a set of thick , steel doors . 
 there was only one entrance to get in and out of the fortress . 
 we came up to the doors and waited for a few moments . 
 a scraping noise filled our ears as the doors began to move . 
 some large men pushed open the steel doors to let us in , and revealed more of the house . 
 we entered the grounds and came face to face with the red-haired woman again . 
 the light of the stars lit up her face , giving her an angelic glow . 
 i turned around to see the steel doors close behind us , preventing our escape . 
 the men surrounding the little girl and i separated as the woman walked in our direction . 
 she came right up to me and said , `` this is our home base . 
 it used to be a dilapidated house by the wayside , but we 're fixing it up and making it ours . 
 we 're lucky that we found it when we did . 
 we were fighting off a group of infected as we ran through the forest . 
 we made it to this clearing and were able to separate the group . 
 we killed them all , and then decided to become stationary here . 
 the brick wall was already here when we arrived . 
 now , we 're turning it into an impregnable base that can keep the infected away from us . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 the base sure was impressive . 
 with the brick wall surrounding it , it was definitely a safe place from the infected . 
 however , the house was a large body sticking out in the middle of the clearing . 
 maybe it could attract too much unwanted attention . 
 still , it looked as if it was well fortified and could withstand any attack that could come its way . 
 some men were moving supplies in and out of the house as i scanned it . 
 the woman spoke again , saying , `` construction is still goin ' on and we have plenty supplies . 
 come on inside . 
 we 'll get you a meal and some rest . 
 we have to wait anyways for the other groups to return . '' 
 other groups ? 
 what other groups ? 
 i did calculations in my mind . 
 there were probably more people that would call this place their home ; the size of the house alone looked as if it could hold at least fifty people . 
 she sent the men with guns away , giving them orders to watch the perimeter until the others returned . 
 then she turned and waved us towards the entrance of the house . 
 we entered through two enormous wooden doors that led into a large expanse of space . 
 from our vantage point , i saw a staircase leading up to a second story . 
 to my right i saw a large dining room . 
 it was covered in papers and maps . 
 on the left was what looked like a living room . 
 there were boxes of supplies piled up to the ceiling . 
 the little girl wiggled out of my arms in excitement and began to walk around , gazing at the enormity of the place . 
 the red haired woman walked over to the nearest wall and turned on a board of switches . 
 a low , dim light filled the rooms , making it somewhat easier to see . 
 she looked at me and said , `` we have to have low-glow bulbs so we do n't attract any outside or unwanted attention . '' 
 she motioned us towards the stairs and led us to the second story . 
 i took another look around the room as we went up the stairs . 
 flower-patterned wallpaper was peeling from the walls , revealing the dark brown wood underneath . 
 cobwebs were in every corner of the house , no doubt crawling with spiders . 
 we came upon the second landing and looked around . 
 through the dim light filling the halls , i saw long corridors to my left and right . 
 they seemed to stretch along endlessly through the house . 
 the little girl led the way to the left as we followed her . 
 she giggled as she skipped down the hall . 
 she came to a stop at a door that had a large flower painted on it . 
 we caught up to her and watched amusedly as she attempted to turn the rusted doorknob . 
 after a few moments , she stepped back and looked at us , expecting some sort of assistance . 
 i walked up to the door and twisted the knob . 
 it did n't turn . 
 i grasped it again tightly and put some extra muscle in it . 
 the doorknob snapped off , but the door still opened on its own . 
 the ladies behind me let out small giggles when i looked back at them and shrugged my shoulders . 
 they followed me as i stepped into the room and looked around . 
 it was a medium-sized room covered in more flower wallpaper . 
 the wallpaper was peeling from all sides there too . 
 i saw a large bed on the right hand side . 
 there was a large wooden dresser sitting net to it ; it looked ancient . 
 there was a window on the far side of the room that let me see beyond the forest and into the starry sky . 
 the little girl ran in and jumped on the bed , causing it to shake along the floor . 
 i placed the backpack on the floor and sat on the bed next to her . 
 the woman stepped into the room and looked around . 
 as she scanned the room , she said , `` we still have n't explored all of this place . '' 
 she turned her gaze back to me and met my eyes . 
 she paused , and then said , `` i 'm gon na go back outside and wait for the others to return . 
 you guys get some rest . 
 we 'll have dinner when they get back . 
 until then , get some rest . 
 you 're gon na need it . '' 
 i looked at the red haired woman peculiarly as she exited the room . 
 the little girl stopped jumping and sat down next to me . 
 she looked up at me and said quietly , `` i want to eat now . '' 
 i retrieved the backpack and sat back down on the bed . 
 i pulled out a package of the gummy bears and handed them to her . 
 she excitedly yelled , `` gummies ! '' 
 and took the package from my hands . 
 she opened it quickly , but stopped as soon as it was open . 
 she spent a few moments gazing at the package and contemplating something . 
 her smile faded , and her lips began to quiver . 
 i watched as big tears began to roll down her face , hitting the bed covers and soaking in . 
 we sat in silence for a few moments as i let her cry next to me . 
 i scooted over to her and put my arm around her shoulder . 
 she leaned into me and began to sob . 
 the gummies fell out of her hands and landed on the floor , spilling everywhere . 
 i sat there silently , staring at the gummy bears spanning the floor . 
 i could faintly see the little smiles on the bears ' faces . 
 they were mocking the girl , reminding her of the death of her father . 
 i held the little girl close as she continued to cry . 
 she stopped after a while , and looked up at me with tired eyes . 
 i could n't find any words to comfort her . 
 i just stared into her wet eyes and gave a slow nod . 
 the little girl nodded back and rose to her feet , squishing the bears on the floor . 
 she wiped her eyes on her sleeve and gave me a weak smile . 
 she told me , `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm gon na be braver now . '' 
 i gave her a weak smile back , not knowing what to do . 
 we stood in silence until we heard some thudding downstairs . 
 the little girl looked at me and said , `` more people are back ! 
 let 's go downstairs ! '' 
 at that , she ran out the door in the direction of the thuds . 
 my heart ached for the little girl ; she was so brave . 
 i breathed out deeply , rose to my feet , and headed out the door . 
 tape # 8 the little girl was waiting at the top of the stairs , dancing in place and motioning me to hurry up . 
 she gave me an excited smile and then turned her attention to the commotion downstairs . 
 i came to her side and looked down into the main space below . 
 it was packed with moving bodies ; there had to be at least thirty people bustling about . 
 some of them were heavily armed , but for the most part they looked like normal people i would 've seen in the city . 
 i spotted the red haired woman in the middle of the crowd ; she remained stationary amidst the flowing river of people . 
 she looked up at us and motioned us to come downstairs . 
 i grabbed the little girl 's hand and led the way . 
 the stairs moaned loudly as we went down ; i heard them squeal above the loud raging of the river below . 
 i thought they would give way at any moment , plummeting us into the people raging by . 
 we came to the foot of the stairs and were face to face with the raging rapids of the river . 
 i clutched the girl 's hand tightly and jumped in . 
 we wiggled through the people and met the red haired woman right in the middle of everything . 
 she greeted us with a smile and said , `` it looks like everyone 's here . 
 we even found some survivors that came back with us . 
 right now we 're in a hurry to set up everything for dinner . 
 are you guys hungry ? '' 
 the little girl happily shouted , `` yup ! 
 i 'm starving ! '' 
 the red haired woman let out a laugh that caused a few heads to turn . 
 she said , `` okay then ! 
 follow me ! '' 
 she led us through the current of people headed in our direction and took us to the room that was filled with supplies . 
 however , when we stepped into the room , it was completely empty . 
 the room had transformed itself from a storage facility to a living room with a warm atmosphere . 
 there were a few large fluffy chairs that welcomed those entering . 
 there were also a series of folding chairs spread along its walls . 
 there were a few tall , low-glow lamps creating a warmth that made me feel calm . 
 in the middle of the room sat a large wooden table that housed many decorations . 
 i saw a few people in front of us sitting down in conversation , taking refuge in the open arms of the chairs . 
 the woman took a right hand turn in the room and led us through a swinging door . 
 on the other side of the door was a large kitchen of elegant taste . 
 there were a few tables set up in the middle of the room that were covered in different foods . 
 the little girl and i stood there for a second , completely stunned by the array of food before us . 
 my eyes darted from table to table and saw many of my favorite foods . 
 my mouth began to water as i took in the enormous banquet before me . 
 the red haired woman walked to the nearest table , picked up a peach , and tossed it over to me . 
 i took a bite of the succulent , juicy peach . 
 the juice ran down my chin , dripping onto the floor in front of me . 
 i smiled with delight . 
 i looked back over to the red haired woman ; she was handing the little girl a piece of bread . 
 the little girl had a large smile on her face , grinning from ear to ear . 
 she attempted to fit the whole piece of bread in her mouth . 
 then she turned to face me ; her cheeks were swollen balloons . 
 she tried to say something to me , but all i remember hearing was , `` bif if reedly goop ! '' 
 i laughed aloud as i finished the peach in my hand . 
 the red haired woman grabbed herself a peach and began to eat it . 
 as she ate , she said , `` we 're about to start serving dinner . 
 we moved all of the supplies from the other room downstairs to the basement . 
 now we have enough room for everybody to eat . 
 you 're probably wondering why we have all this food . 
 after finding this place , we started scavenging and storing food that we stole from local areas . 
 we also looked for survivors as we searched each area . 
 we 've found enough food to last us a while , and also take on a few survivors . 
 i 'll tell you more about it later ; i can hear everyone gathering in the other room . 
 you guys make your way into the other room and we 'll begin dinner shortly . '' 
 i nodded as i wiped the peach juice off my chin . 
 the little girl walked over to me and we exited the room , leaving the red haired woman alone in the kitchen . 
 dinner was a feast in and of itself . 
 i do n't really remember what we ate , but i definitely recall the aches in my stomach as i sat in bed that night . 
 after getting a chance to explore some of the other rooms in the house after dinner was over , the little girl and i decided to make the room with the large flower our room . 
 after saying goodnight to the others we met during the meal , we went to our room . 
 the little girl got ready to sleep and jumped onto the dusty bed . 
 i pulled the aged blankets up to her chin and sat down on the bed next to her . 
 before falling asleep , she pulled her teddy bear out of her jacket and placed it on the bed next to her . 
 then she pulled a pack of gummy bears from within her jacket . 
 she pulled them out slowly and looked at them sadly . 
 she placed the package on the floor and then turned her attention to the bear . 
 she pulled the raggedy bear close , smothering it with her love . 
 then she looked over at me , said goodnight , and fell asleep cradling the bear in her arms above the blankets . 
 i sat for a moment longer to look out into the sky outside . 
 i gazed at the stars and their twinkling smiles , wondering how something so beautiful could exist so close and yet so far away from me . 
 i was lost in thought when i heard a light knock at the door . 
 i walked over and opened the door quietly ; i came face to face with the red haired woman . 
 `` follow me '' she said as she walked away . 
 i nodded , looked back at the little girl to make sure she was asleep , and tip-toed outside , slowly closing the door behind me . 
 i met the red haired woman at the base of the staircase . 
 as soon as my feet found the landing , she nodded and led me into the dining room filled with papers and maps . 
 there was a large table surrounded by chairs in the middle of the room . 
 the table was surrounded with a group of ten people , four women including the red haired woman , and six men . 
 she motioned me over to an empty chair and told me to sit . 
 as soon as i 'd taken a seat , a man across the table addressed me . 
 he said , `` you 're probably wondering why we 've called you here this evening . 
 my daughter , the woman with the red hair , told me that you could be of some use to us . 
 you survived the infected from the city , which can make you a valuable asset to our team . 
 you 're here because we can use you to help us allocate supplies and keep our base running . 
 i 'm gon na be frank with you . 
 you only have two options : you help us , or you leave . 
 it 's your choice . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 now that this man had gotten my attention , i gave him a long , hard look . 
 he was a taller old man . 
 his hair was snow white , save a few strands of black hair . 
 he had white stubble all over his face . 
 he wore a serious expression which made his rugged face seem more harsh . 
 he was thin , but very muscular . 
 he wore a faded red shirt with some sort of beer logo on it . 
 i looked into his blue green eyes and could sense the finality of the decision i had to make . 
 i really did n't have much of a choice . 
 after taking a second , i told him , `` i 'm here to help with whatever you need . '' 
 as soon as i 'd assured him of my assistance , his expression changed . 
 he took on a warmer glow that put me a little more at ease . 
 he said , `` good ! 
 now let 's get to business ! '' 
 he turned his attention away from me and began to address everyone at the large table . 
 he spent a long time laying out the plans of operation to find supplies and keep the base running . 
 he continuously pointed to the papers and maps , revealing his wisdom and knack for survival . 
 he pointed out that i 'd help head up operations with his daughter in order to find and retrieve supplies . 
 he spoke about the operations in the surrounding areas that i 'd help with . 
 i did n't feel capable at all as i heard that man and the others around the table talk about the operations that would soon take place . 
 all of them seemed to have skills that allowed them to thrive in the wild . 
 every sentence that came out of their mouths was packed with experience and skill . 
 they 'd all been born to survive in these hard times ; i 'd just been lucky . 
 after the meeting , the red haired woman 's father told everyone to get some rest . 
 i said goodnight to those who attended the meeting ; no names were given . 
 the red haired woman escorted me back to my room . 
 before opening the door to my room , she told me , `` do n't mind my dad . 
 he 's really a nice guy . 
 he just needed to make sure you 'd help us and stay here . 
 thank you for volunteering to help . 
 i hope we can become friends and work well together . '' 
 i replied , `` sure . 
 of course we can . '' 
 the woman gave me a sweet smile and waved goodbye as she walked back down the hall . 
 i entered the room quietly and sat down on the bed . 
 i thought about my newfound responsibilities and the red haired woman 's father until sleep overtook me . 
 tape # 9 the next day , the operations the red haired woman 's father laid out began . 
 i told him that i would n't leave on a mission until i knew my little girl would be kept safe while i was away , so he had a survivor watch over the little girl as i went out . 
 she was an older woman who assured me she was more than capable of watching over the little girl . 
 she repeatedly told me that she 'd raised four sons , two daughters , and countless grandbabies before the infection . 
 the little girl liked her right away and whisked her upstairs to play , so i guessed it was okay to trust this woman . 
 soon after , i went with the red haired woman to a nearby town and we were able to gather supplies for the base . 
 luckily , we did n't run into any infected . 
 i marveled at how smoothly the mission ; we were able to get into the town and back out undetected by the creatures roaming its streets . 
 that night , after we had dinner and i put the little girl to bed , i went down to the dining room to debrief the woman 's father on the operation . 
 i was commended for doing a great job by the red haired woman . 
 her father gave me an expectant look and said , `` good , because this is just the beginning . '' 
 months passed like this : the endless hunt for supplies occupied every second of each day . 
 i returned to base every night and debriefed the day and the operations i took part in . 
 during that time , we moved around the immediate area closest to the base , gathering as much as we could find . 
 a lot of other things happened during that time as well . 
 everything went well for the first few months ; most operations went through easily . 
 we would n't encounter many infected as we trudged through the countryside . 
 we learned to avoid roads quickly ; we were too exposed when large groups of infected would be roaming about . 
 we were always able to find supplies , which allowed us to live on excess and even begin filling our basement with tons of non-perishable goods . 
 the winter of that first year is what really brought everyone together , and especially challenged me . 
 i was never prepared for what that winter would bring me . 
 the final dead leaf i swept off of the porch of the house welcomed in the first snowflakes of the cold season . 
 thick frost began to cover the ground , forcing us to rethink our wardrobes . 
 this was followed by the cold snow that blanketed the world in white . 
 not only did we keep looking for food supplies , but we also looked for clothing as well . 
 we broke into department stores and tried to navigate a few malls to get clothing suitable for the winter . 
 since many people had been in a hurry to leave the area when the infection began , finding clothes was n't too difficult . 
 i 'd never been much of a scarf guy , but the little girl forced me to wear one when i went out on missions . 
 every time i got ready to go , i 'd try to leave the rainbow scarf behind in the room . 
 sometimes i made it out the door before she came leaping down the stairs , scarf in hand . 
 she would give me a few scolding words , ask me to bend down , and then she would swiftly wrap the scarf around my neck in a tight knot , almost choking me . 
 she 'd finish off this spectacle by telling me , `` make sure you take breaks every few hours and if you get too cold , you need to come right back here . '' 
 after promising that i 'd obey the doctor 's orders , the little girl would sprint back up the stairs to find her older friend so they could play in the soft snow . 
 the whole show made everyone laugh with delight . 
 the red haired woman would always make a witty remark on the subject , to which i would reply with a playful , `` shut up . '' 
 thankfully , people were still able to take me seriously when we went out on missions . 
 i was afraid they 'd never listen to a guy wearing a rainbow scarf . 
 i learned a lot during that winter as well . 
 i learned to hunt , track , skin , and cook various animals . 
 i also learned a great deal of trap-making and how to distinguish good plants from bad ones . 
 the red haired woman 's father would take a small group of us and teach us these skills . 
 he talked about us `` city folk '' as useless unless taught the real way of the world . 
 he 'd always put me to the test first , making me look like the biggest idiot of all since i knew nothing about survival . 
 i almost ate a poisonous plant by accident once , but the red haired woman 's father stopped me just in time , laughing at the prospect of me dying because of such a stupid mistake . 
 the red haired woman told me that all of it meant that he liked me , but i had a lot of trouble believing that . 
 but i showed him ! 
 i 'd practice everything he taught us in my spare time . 
 not only was i able to learn what he 'd shown me proficiently , but i began to excel , knowing some things before he 'd even teach us . 
 that always surprised him , so he 'd grin from ear to ear while calling me a smart-ass for showing off . 
 missions still continued on in the dead of winter . 
 this was great for us because there seemed to be less infected on the prowl . 
 the red haired woman 's father explained that the infected were no different from any other warm-blooded animal ; they had to find a place to stay warm and could n't roam about all the time like in the spring , summer , or autumn . 
 this made missions much easier , creating a temporary relief on our weary minds . 
 the red haired woman 's father also reduced the group size for missions since we could get more scavenging done . 
 he 'd send us out in groups of two . 
 i always went with the red haired woman ; she had a great knack for survival . 
 we had lots of fun on our missions together . 
 we 'd have great conversations and would pull the occasional prank on one another . 
 as i became more of a survivalist , the winter seemed to fly by even more quickly . 
 when the spring finally came around , a large group of survivors were added to our makeshift family . 
 we took them in gladly , realizing the implications they brought with them : we 'd need to start rationing our food , and we had to be more careful about letting just anyone in the base ; it could mean trouble . 
 i say this because one man in that group was hiding a bite from an infected . 
 we were all stupid enough to believe that the man was just sick , never acknowledging that he was turning into an infected right in front of our faces . 
 we found out later that night how serious our overlook had been . 
 we placed the man in a room on the far right side of the house with a few of his friends . 
 later that night , just before dinner , we heard thrashing from that area of the house . 
 screaming and crashes filled the house in a panic , demanding our attention . 
 a few of us looked at each other in confusion , asking each other what was going wrong upstairs . 
 then an angry , shrill cry filled the house , sending chills down our spines and causing our hair to stand on end . 
 we immediately knew what it was . 
 i looked around frantically , hoping the little girl and her companion were safe downstairs with us . 
 they were huddled against the nearest wall ; the little girl started to whimper as the woman smothered her in an embrace . 
 i looked over to the main personnel of the base ; one man was sitting calmly next to me and smoking a cigarette as the others began to react . 
 he did n't seem bothered by what was going on ; he sat there plainly , taking in long puffs of the cigarette and letting the smoke come out of his nostrils . 
 the others were rushing upstairs , guns in hand . 
 i stood up , but the man with the cigarette put his hand on my arm and pulled me back down . 
 `` sit down and wait '' he said . 
 `` they 'll handle it . '' 
 screams and orders were shouted , which forced me to stand up again , unsheathe my machete , and walk in their direction . 
 the man ran up behind me and started choking me . 
 he threw me to the ground and snatched my machete from me . 
 he placed it against my neck as he told me , `` just stay the hell out of it . 
 there 's no use putting yourself in danger when you do n't have to . '' 
 i looked into his fiery blue eyes questioningly , wondering why he would n't let me fight . 
 he said nothing after that . 
 he simply stood up , threw my machete across the room , and sat back down again . 
 i still did n't understand , but i listened to him anyway . 
 i went back to my seat and tried to remain still , leaving my machete on the far side of the room . 
 one last shrill cry filled the house , and then the sounds of gunshots filled the air . 
 then everything was silent . 
 i stood up and walked towards the staircase when i heard footsteps coming down . 
 i stopped near the entrance of the room and looked at the man smoking his cigarette . 
 he met my eyes and gave me a nod ; i nodded back slowly , and then went into the next room . 
 two men were dragging a deformed being down the stairs and out the door . 
 a large trail of thick blood was left behind them . 
 then more people came down , dragging more bodies . 
 i watched on in horror as four more bodies came thumping down the stairs . 
 the trail of blood became larger and darker as each body came down . 
 soon , almost all of the stairs were covered in a thick , black ooze . 
 five people gone ; four were infected , and one was still human . 
 i found out later that the man hiding the bite had gone into a frenzy much earlier than when we heard the commotion , but those in the room did their best to hide it . 
 he bit the three others in the room with him , and they became infected as well . 
 when everyone had gone upstairs to take them down , they were ambushed . 
 one of our people had gotten caught in the midst of the attacking infected , and was swallowed in the firestorm of bullets that took all five of them out . 
 i looked up , and the red haired woman stood at the top of the stairs , blood soaked onto her face . 
 her father was standing next to her , covered in blood as well . 
 he came down the stairs alone and called everyone to attention . 
 he yelled at us and said , `` that 's it ! 
 no one else is allowed to come here ! 
 if you see any survivors , you give them some food and water and send them packin ' ! 
 not only do we need to ration our food because of these new people , but we also have to clean up this mess at the same time ! 
 no dinner for anyone tonight ! 
 go to bed ! '' 
 with that address , everyone made their way upstairs . 
 the little girl came by my side , ready to head to the room . 
 she held my hand tightly as we stared at the blood trail . 
 i cringed every time we took a step ; i could hear the splashes of fresh blood coat our feet with each ascending step . 
 i saw my reflection in the black tar , and i saw those that 'd been killed standing beside me in that reflection . 
 i tried to shake that out of my mind as we reached the second floor . 
 i felt that we carried the people who died with us , creating blood paths leading them right to our room . 
 it was difficult to sleep that night , fearing that another infected might attack . 
 the little girl and i did n't fall asleep until we saw the dawn greet us with its warm light . 
 as time passed , the little girl became good friends with the survivor put in charge over her . 
 she was an elderly woman that 'd been saved in a nearby town . 
 she hid in her car for three days , starving herself and drawing no attention as the infected ran about . 
 a group from base went on a mission to get food when they came across her . 
 she was saved and brought back to the base to recover . 
 since she was sixty-four years old , she was n't allowed to go out on any operations . 
 so , the red haired woman 's father put her in charge of my little girl . 
 they became instant friends . 
 every time i would return from a mission , i 'd immediately make my way up the stairs of the house and go into my room ; it was their `` home base . '' 
 one thing i truly appreciated about the woman is that she encouraged the little girl to draw . 
 she had her draw everything from her favorite foods and animals to her feelings about that day . 
 drawings began to fill the room , spanning the walls and covering up its peeling wallpaper . 
 where they found crayons and paper , i 'll never know . 
 nevertheless , it made me happy to see the little girl preoccupying her time and developing a friendship with someone . 
 they bonded over those months , forming a bond only good sisters can have . 
 the red haired woman and i bonded even more during that time as well . 
 we still went on missions to scavenge for supplies as a pair . 
 we became so good at carrying out missions that the red haired woman 's father never saw the need to add anyone to our party . 
 we continued to have long talks about our lives and everything that was going on as we trudged through the forest to find our location . 
 around this time , we became very comfortable around each other . 
 not long after , she became acquainted with more of my story as i became more knowledgeable of hers . 
 one day , i told her of my experience in the hospital and the loss of my wife and unknown child . 
 it was difficult to tell , and my voice was shaky for half of it . 
 i kept taking long pauses while telling it ; as i told it to her , it felt as if i was reliving the pain all over again . 
 but after finally getting it all out , and even though it felt as if the pain was fresh all over again , i did feel a bit better for having someone to share my grief with . 
 as soon as i told her , she stopped on the forest floor and became silent for a few moments . 
 a tear ran down her face as she uttered , `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 i lied and told her it was fine , and that now it was just a painful memory . 
 i also told her about everything that happened on the military base before finding ourselves with her and her father 's company . 
 she was shocked ; she said that she felt horrible for the little girl , especially for having to see her lose her father in such a horrific way . 
 she seemed too sincere in her reaction to my story , and a few days later i understood why . 
 that was when she told me her story . 
 we were returning from an unsuccessful mission to a nearby town . 
 we stopped on the forest floor underneath the shade of a large pine tree . 
 she looked me in the eyes and just spilled her guts ; just like that . 
 i listened carefully as she relayed her journey to me . 
 she was a military brat , always moving when she was a kid . 
 her father was a sniper , and her mother was an army nurse . 
 her parents met after her father returned from a mission . 
 he 'd been shot in the right shoulder , and her mother was the nurse who tended to him . 
 they got to know each other and became good friends . 
 then her father left for two years to work on a base in europe . 
 they kept in touch that entire time , allowing their love to build up . 
 as soon as he returned from his leave , they met up again . 
 they dated and ended up getting married a year later . 
 the red haired woman told me that all she 'd ever known were boxes . 
 every few years , she could expect to go home one evening to a house packed with taped boxes . 
 she 'd start crying as her parents went up to her , swept her up into their arms , and tried to console her . 
 their excuse was that it was time for a new adventure . 
 she believed that lie all of her life . 
 she grew up like every other kid , save the constant movement from one state to the next . 
 she went through high school and went to college to study as a nurse . 
 she told me she 'd always admired her mother for saving lives every day . 
 the long nights that she was away from her were worth it because she knew her mother would be out saving the world , one soldier at a time . 
 she 'd just begun graduate school when the outbreak began . 
 when it happened , her father went to get her and bring her back home . 
 she expected to see her mother again , as happy as she ever was . 
 instead , she went back to a scene that would change her life forever . 
 her father was silent the whole way home . 
 that was n't like him at all ; he was usually very talkative and would never shut up . 
 whenever she tried to start up a conversation , her father would zone off in the middle of his sentence and become preoccupied with something else . 
 she told me how her father looked torn , as if he 'd been ripped apart at the seams and was put back together all wrong . 
 when she got home , she understood why . 
 she told me that the first thing she heard was the racking cough that spurted from the lungs of her mother . 
 she 'd barely placed her bags on the floor when her father grabbed her by the arm and pulled her into the living room . 
 after she took a seat on the sofa , her father told the truth . 
 her mother had been very sick lately . 
 ever since she 'd left the army hospital two days prior , she 'd been falling to pieces . 
 her hair was falling out ; her skin was beginning to become pale and seemed to tear at the seams . 
 her normally carefree demeanor had turned into one of aggression . 
 thick , green mucus spurted from her mouth with every cough . 
 as soon as she heard the truth , she ran into the room to see her mother . 
 it was worse than she ever could 've imagined , and the words that her father shared did n't due her horrible condition justice . 
 over the next few hours , the normally strong and willful woman she 'd known disintegrated right in front of her . 
 during those hours , her mother lost the ability to speak . 
 she was only able to make grunts and squeals of pain as the red haired woman did her best to keep composure despite the tears flowing down her face . 
 she sat with her mother until the end , when the last gasp of life left her lungs . 
 that was where she stopped . 
 we stood there in the shade of the tree , completely silent . 
 the red haired woman spent a few moments looking down at her shoes , waiting for me to respond . 
 i stood there silently , not knowing what to do . 
 she seemed so helpless in those moments , and i wondered what i could do to console her . 
 after more awkward silence , i walked over to her and placed my hand on her shoulder . 
 she leaned into my chest and began to sob uncontrollably . 
 i let her cry into my chest and held her , feeling the utter devastation in her heart . 
 we stood there for quite a while until she was able to stop . 
 when the last whimpering sob left her body , she wiped her eyes and thanked me for listening to her . 
 she 'd never told anyone that story before . 
 i gave her a weak smile , took her hand in mine , and we made our way back to the base . 
 we started to get even more comfortable with each other as we continued going on missions together . 
 things began to change between us . 
 more sweet silences occurred , in which we 'd look into each other 's eyes and say nothing . 
 we 'd give shy smiles towards each other , and i would simply admire her presence near me . 
 i started noticing even more how beautiful she was , and how every ray of light caught her sapphire eyes and her fiery , red hair . 
 we became more playful and giddy around each other , and she even grabbed my hand once and held it the entire time we went on a mission . 
 that did n't bother me , but what happened a few days after that changed everything . 
 it was all my fault anyway . 
 we were in an abandoned liquor store looking for supplies . 
 we were scavenging through the aisles , finding nothing of use . 
 our eyes kept meeting , and we gave each other more loving smiles . 
 i decided to prank her ; i went into a different aisle and knelt down , creeping along the floor in her direction . 
 i got to the end of the aisle and waited for her . 
 she began to call my name , asking where i was . 
 her voice became a little worried when i would n't respond . 
 then her voice became frantic , and i heard her footsteps rush in my direction . 
 as soon as she was within arm 's reach , i grasped her ankle and let out a scream . 
 she let out a horrified squeal that filled the entire neighborhood , probably alerting any infected nearby . 
 she had a terrified look on her face as she spun in my direction . 
 when she realized it was me , she kicked me hard in the side . 
 i did n't really feel it because i was already howling with laughter . 
 she kept calling me a jerk as my laughing subsided and i stood up . 
 she walked away from me , still calling me a jerk . 
 i was still giggling as i walked over to where she was . 
 she had her back to me , and was leaning over a glass counter where there had once been jewelry . 
 i reached over and put my hand on her shoulder . 
 as i pulled her in my direction , telling her i was sorry but not really meaning it , the red haired woman spun around and kissed me . 
 her lips were rough and chapped , but sweet . 
 i let her lips find mine over and over again . 
 i felt a rush as i kissed her back , reveling in the beauty of the woman i was holding near me . 
 but then it happened . 
 my wife flashed into my mind . 
 she was standing there , even more beautiful than the day i last saw her . 
 she was calling out to me , telling me she loved me , even now as i was kissing this other woman . 
 in that moment , i realized that i still undyingly loved my wife . 
 my heart sunk as it realized it could love no other . 
 no one could fill the hole in my heart like my wife , and the empty chasm there still longed for her and the child i never knew . 
 i knew i could never love the red haired woman ; my heart was already buried with someone else . 
 i stopped kissing the red haired woman and pushed her away . 
 i saw how crushed she was as she asked me , `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i turned from her , placing my hands on the edge of the glass counter and looking intently at my reflection in the dusty glass . 
 i felt my wife 's hands running themselves over me , i felt her lips kissing me gently on the cheek and the lips ; they were soft and lovely . 
 i felt her whispering in my ear , telling me that even in death she had no other besides me . 
 i could even make out her face in the glass , right next to mine , over my right shoulder . 
 she was smiling gently , making the emptiness in my heart reach for her only to find nothing . 
 but it still continued to reach , hoping to find and lay hold of something . 
 the red haired woman came next to me . 
 she put her hand on mine . 
 i looked up into her blue eyes with tears welling up in mine . 
 she looked at me empathetically , seeming to understand . 
 i tried to open my mouth , to tell her why i could n't be with her , but she already knew . 
 she nodded and began looking into the dirty glass too . 
 she said , `` i get it ; you still love her . 
 you just ca n't let her go . '' 
 i looked over at her , feeling the guilt of leading her on for so long . 
 i said `` i 'm sorry '' quietly in her direction . 
 we stood there in silence for a few moments , and then some shrill cries filled the neighborhood outside of the store . 
 the red haired woman pulled herself away from me and began to walk out of the store . 
 before exiting the building , she turned in my direction and said , `` i 'm sorry too . '' 
 we left the town and headed back to the base in complete silence . 
 she kept her distance from me the entire time as she led the way . 
 she walked a few steps in front of me , and i remember seeing her tears hit the grass and dirt , covering them in wet sadness . 
 i eventually stopped looking at the red haired woman as she walked and kept my eyes fixed on the trail she left , letting it guide me the whole way back to base . 
 the red haired woman 's father called a meeting that night , relaying plans for another operation . 
 we were beginning to run low on supplies , and we needed to find more to keep the base running . 
 during the meeting , he brought out a map i 'd never seen before . 
 he pulled it out of his jacket pocket and unfolded it . 
 as soon as he placed it in the center of the table , he said , `` i do n't wan na go here , but i know we need to . '' 
 he scanned the room , looking into the curious eyes of everyone present . 
 he pointed at the center of the map and continued on , `` there 's a town called tuckerton farther out than usual . 
 it 's a larger town , almost a city . 
 it 's way different than the other places we 've been going to . 
 we need to go there ; they have everything we need . 
 however , it 's crawling with infected . 
 i 'm not gon na lie to you ; we 're desperate for supplies . 
 we 're beginning to run low on everything . 
 at this point , with the few supplies available to us , we have two options : we go to tuckerton , or we kick some people to the curb . 
 i 'll just say it now . 
 tuckerton is going to be a large scale operation that requires at least twenty of the forty-two of us . 
 yes , it 'll be dangerous ; it 's almost a suicide mission . 
 but we need to find some way of still surviving here . 
 now , i 've presented the options , and i 'll leave the decision up to the rest of you . 
 let 's vote . '' 
 the vote was split down the middle at first . 
 then it came down to one man with an indecisive vote ; me . 
 the table waited anxiously for my response . 
 i became nervous as i realized the weight of the decision i had to make . 
 my palms began to sweat . 
 the expectant look on everyone 's faces to choose their side made my heart beat so quickly i thought it would go flying out of my chest and land on the table in front of me . 
 i finally spoke up and confidently said , `` i think we should try to find supplies in tuckerton . '' 
 i was received with some smiles of approval as well as sneers of disgust . 
 that meeting settled it ; we were going to tuckerton . 
 that would be the biggest mistake of our lives . 
 tape # 10 tuckerton . 
 that 's where everything went to hell . 
 so many lives lost , and for what ? 
 absolutely nothing . 
 that 's what . 
 i think back on all that happened in that town , and hate rises up within me . 
 hate for our mistakes , hate for my failures , and hate , above all , for the infected . 
 we rose early in the morning for the mission . 
 i remember there was a group of thirty-two of us that were supposed to go , but three people got out of it by faking injuries . 
 the night before , the red haired woman 's father reminded us that we had to meet at the crack of dawn ready to go . 
 i woke up early to a dark sky filled with bright stars . 
 they twinkled in the sky , immobilizing me as i gazed upon them . 
 after watching them for some time , i snuck out of bed , got dressed , and headed out of my room . 
 the little girl was asleep in the bed , clutching her ragged bear , choking the stuffing right out of it . 
 i thought she might wake up and warn me not to go on the mission again ; she was so adamant about it the night before . 
 when i told her that i 'd be going on a mission that was more dangerous than usual , she burst into tears and begged me not to go . 
 i spent the better part of an hour calming her down , reassuring her that i 'd come back completely fine . 
 still , she said for me not to go and just stay back at the base and take care of her . 
 when she finally calmed down and went to bed , i watched on as she tossed and turned , mumbling more warnings to me in her dreams . 
 i could n't understand why she was so worried ; i guess she felt something that my instincts did n't . 
 i went downstairs and outside . 
 in the midst of the darkened house , i saw the red haired woman waiting at the front gate . 
 i anxiously approached her so we could wait for the others to join us . 
 she gave me a warm smile as i came near . 
 it was a fake smile that hid her anger and disappointment behind the white rows of teeth in her mouth . 
 it was almost as if the kiss never happened ; i 'm surprised at how much that hurt me . 
 she was trying to erase me from her heart , taking on this veiled friendliness that drove the dagger deeper . 
 i tried to say something to break the tension , but no words formed on my tongue . 
 she looked at my peculiarly , acting as if she did n't know why . 
 i finally managed to spit out an awkward `` good morning '' to her , to which she responded with a cold nod . 
 then she turned her attention from me and began looking up into the sky as the sun drove the darkness away . 
 we stood around in silence until everyone else came to join us . 
 when they finally came , we watched the group of men and women exiting the house in a large cluster . 
 the red haired woman 's father was at the front of the group ; he looked furious as he stepped near us . 
 he walked right past us and stopped at the large metal doors of the wall surrounding the base . 
 he stopped when he got to them ; he gave them a hard , dull pound before turning back to us . 
 he spun around , facing the group . 
 he addressed us with an unfeeling `` good morning '' and got right down to business . 
 he said , `` okay everyone ! 
 listen up ! 
 today is gon na be the biggest mission we 've carried out so far . 
 it 's gon na be dangerous . 
 listen carefully to everything i tell you . 
 we 're gon na split into three teams : team one will be in charge of gathering food supplies from the convenience store in the middle of town . 
 team two will be responsible for getting fuel from the cars in the areas surrounding the convenience store . 
 lastly , team three will look through houses in the outskirts of the city for anything useful . 
 i 'm gon na split you into your teams and then we 'll move out , heading to tuckerton from different positions . 
 that way we ca n't all be attacked at the same time and in the same place . 
 there 's no doubt that the places we go will be crawling with infected . 
 make sure not to use your guns before your hand weapons . 
 we need to be quick and quiet if we want to make it through the day . 
 let 's just get this over with and make it back here in one piece . 
 does everyone understand ? 
 good . 
 let 's get started . '' 
 then he divided the group into the teams . 
 he placed himself as the head of the team to gather fuel . 
 the red haired woman was head of the group going to the convenience store . 
 i was chosen to be a part of her group as well , but she quickly told her father that i should help out with the team that would search the outer areas of tuckerton . 
 he was confused , but after i consented to the decision too , he let it go . 
 he called the leader of my group forward and told him i was gon na be helping him out instead of the original plan . 
 the man said nothing ; he stood there coolly , not batting an eye at the change . 
 he eyed me up and down while puffing a hand-rolled cigarette . 
 he looked back at the father , then back at me , and said , `` fine . 
 we 'll see if he makes it back alive . '' 
 after that , he turned and walked away , gathering his group before him . 
 the red haired woman 's father shooed me along and i joined my new group . 
 the leader of my group was a man that looked to be about my age , but he was definitely much older . 
 he had dirty blond hair and wild blue eyes . 
 he was of average height and carried himself with an air of self-reliance . 
 you could tell that he did n't need anyone ; he could handle himself just fine . 
 he had blond stubble all over his face . 
 since i 'd known him , he always carried a cigarette tucked behind his right ear and another burning away in his yellow mouth . 
 he was tough ; i 'd seen him slay his share of infected and beyond . 
 the red haired woman 's father spent time with him some nights sitting outside , smoking under the starry sky . 
 he was a warrior ; at least that 's what everyone called him . 
 he was a savage when he fought ; he demolished the infected that crossed his path with his complete hatred for their kind . 
 i almost felt sorry for any infected that crossed his path because i knew he would n't just murder them ; he would mutilate them . 
 he always carried a fire axe with him , using it to slay countless infected . 
 he treated it almost like a child , taking a lot of time to make sure it was sharpened and clean for every mission . 
 i could n't have asked for a better leader . 
 after getting our team placement , we set out for tuckerton . 
 the father 's team would enter tuckerton from the north , the red haired woman 's team would enter from the east , and the team i was on would enter from the west . 
 after getting our last set of instructions , the teams parted , leaving the grounds of the base and heading into different parts of the dense forest all around . 
 once we 'd gone into the woods for a while , the warrior pointed to a fork with two trees , signaling us to stop there . 
 once we 'd stopped , he motioned us to gather around him as he pulled a piece of paper from his jacket . 
 it was the same map the red haired woman 's father had shown everyone the night before . 
 there was a wide red arrow that led from our base to the city of tuckerton . 
 it stopped in the middle of a large series of houses surrounding the edge of town . 
 the warrior said , `` this is where we 're headed . 
 we have the most dangerous part of the mission ; we ca n't really know what to expect . 
 we have to be on our toes the entire time . 
 tuckerton 's gon na be crawling with infected , and you 'll be in danger every second we 're there . 
 watch your back at all times . 
 when we get there , i 'll split us up so we can cover more ground , gather more supplies , and get the hell out of there . 
 make sure you stick close to me . 
 if you do n't , you 're gon na die . 
 the other groups are gon na be on their own ; just do your job and get out . 
 and do n't get bitten or die . 
 if anyone gets bitten , they have to be killed on the spot ; no questions asked . 
 do n't give them a chance to turn and kill everyone else . 
 after all that 's over , we have to get through the back end of tuckerton and make our way back to the house . 
 conserve your ammo and rely on your close combat weapons more so you do n't make too much noise . 
 here 's a warning : tuckerton is n't the only dangerous place around here . 
 the forest we 're in now is a place the infected roam about too . 
 do n't let your guard down on our way there , and especially on our way back home . 
 you never know what could be lurking in the forest . 
 okay , we all know what we got ta ' do . 
 let 's move out . '' 
 as i stood up , i placed my hand on the small of my back , feeling for the black pistol the red haired woman had given me months prior . 
 it had a full clip , and i had another one tucked away in the pocket of my pants . 
 i looked into my right hand , admiring how the blade of my machete shone in the light of the forest . 
 i 'd cleaned it a few days earlier , and in the soft light it was a mirror reflecting me in a metallic world that i 'd never be a part of . 
 i recalled the operations during the past few months . 
 the machete had been a close companion , helping me escape some hairy situations . 
 i looked closely at my reflection in the blade ; i looked tired and worn out . 
 it was as if i 'd gained a lifetime since the outbreak began so long ago . 
 i smiled at myself , musing at the idea that i was officially an old man in my own eyes . 
 if only my dad could see me now . 
 i looked up to see the rest of my group moving on , trailing behind the warrior . 
 i followed them past the fork and deeper into the forest . 
 our group had the longest route through the dense forest ; the map made it look like a small walk . 
 the forest was silent as we trudged through . 
 there was n't any noise around us besides the crunching of the leaves under out feet , and the sound of running water whenever we 'd pass by the occasional stream . 
 i saw the sun peek through the dense trees that made a roof over our heads . 
 i do n't know how long we made our way through the still forest , but it felt like an eternity . 
 after a seemingly endless length of time , we came to a small clearing with a large hill protruding out of the ground . 
 the warrior motioned us to the peak of it . 
 he leapt up its side with ease , leaving the rest of us behind . 
 when he reached the top , he called down to us , telling us to hurry up , or else . 
 that threat got everyone moving . 
 once everyone had made it to the summit , he motioned us to stop and take a rest . 
 we placed all of our gear on the ground in front of us and sat on the grass . 
 after a few moments of rest , the warrior motioned us over to him . 
 we surrounded him as he pointed out that tuckerton was n't far off from there . 
 i followed the line his finger made from where we were to where tuckerton lied on the horizon . 
 i made out a faint skyline formed by the buildings of our destination . 
 columns of smoke were rising into the sky , creating an evil cloud over the town . 
 it was a warning ; i know that all too well now . 
 after that , the warrior got up , threw on his gear , and sprinted down the opposite side of the hill , disappearing into the forest . 
 the rest of us picked up our gear and ran after him , trying to catch up . 
 we jogged through much more of the dense forest , but this time it was different . 
 there was the same stale silence stagnating in the air , but as we neared our destination , a horrible smell filled the space around us . 
 i felt suffocated as it filled my lungs with each breath , forcing me to cough and spit every few steps . 
 it was a familiar smell , and the stench of it was overpowering . 
 i just could n't place it . 
 we passed through an area of dense trees and found the source of the stench . 
 i saw the warrior first ; he was standing next to a tree , looking at the ground . 
 my eyes took in the scene before me . 
 the forest floor was covered in tons of bodies , a mixture of human and infected . 
 the warrior bent down near the closest body as the group approached , taking its stiff hand in his . 
 i still marveled at the plain of bodies before me , wondering what could 've happened there . 
 the warrior called us near and showed us the body . 
 some of its flesh had been torn away , revealing the maggots feasting on the black organs within . 
 the warrior said , `` these bodies have been here awhile . 
 if you look at the ground , you can see the bodies of both humans and infected . 
 that 's not the only thing . 
 there are tons of bullet casings here too . 
 it was probably a trap to kill infected . 
 they probably used fresh human bodies to lure the infected out here to kill them . 
 that was n't a bad idea , but those idiots made a huge mistake : they used guns . 
 guns are way too loud . 
 they would 've drawn the attention of too many infected and gotten overwhelmed . 
 that 's why we do n't use our guns , guys . 
 it 's too risky . 
 learn from these idiots . 
 they 're probably some of the bodies we see here . 
 remember , do n't use your gun unless you absolutely have to . 
 if you use it at the wrong time or in the wrong place , you 're dead . 
 it 's that simple . '' 
 he threw the hand back down in contempt , damning it as he spit on it . 
 he turned to us and motioned us to move on , wading through the bodies before us . 
 we followed our leader , making our way through the overpowering odor and the slew of bodies covering the ground . 
 after entering through an area of thick brush , we came upon a brick wall . 
 the warrior squatted near the ground and motioned us silently over . 
 we quietly crept over to him . 
 he whispered to us , saying , `` here we are . 
 this is the edge of tuckerton . 
 we do n't know what to expect beyond this wall . 
 the devastation here is likely to be catastrophic . 
 remember not to panic . 
 is everyone ready ? 
 let 's go . '' 
 none of us were prepared for what was behind that wall . 
 the warrior leapt over without hesitating . 
 he made a whistling sound that let us know the coast was clear and that we could head over . 
 everyone motioned me to go over first . 
 i fought back , telling someone next to me to go first . 
 it was no use ; they 'd already decided i was to be the first one over . 
 realizing i could n't win , i shrugged my shoulders and climbed over the wall . 
 i landed on my feet next to the warrior . 
 the devastation of tuckerton was worse than i could 've ever imagined . 
 i found myself in a large neighborhood that was completely torn to shreds . 
 the houses and streets were splattered with red and falling apart . 
 smoke was making its way into the sky from multiple fires along the street . 
 bodies filled the streets , forming a path from where i was standing to the end of the street . 
 shards of glass lined the sidewalks , glimmering in the faded light of the sun . 
 there were a few cars lining the streets that seemed to be long out of commission . 
 in the distance i saw more pillars of smoke reaching up into the air , desperately choking out the blue sky that was no longer overhead . 
 it 'd been blanketed over by black hopelessness , the devastation of tuckerton long ago . 
 everything was in a state of horror and chaos ; i did n't want to be there . 
 i began to walk up the street as the warrior waited for the others to climb over the wall . 
 i took another long look at my surroundings ; a pit began to form in my stomach , causing me to feel nauseous . 
 i felt vulnerable and exposed with each step i took . 
 my eyes darted back and forth as i frantically looked about me , fearing that someone was watching me , hunting me . 
 a cold sweat formed on my hands as i scanned the bodies piled in the streets . 
 there were two kinds of bodies there : the bodies of dead infected , and the bodies of their victims . 
 i stopped halfway up the block as the warrior called out for me to wait for everyone else . 
 as i stood there waiting , one body caught my attention . 
 it was the body of an infected . 
 it appeared to have once been a young boy . 
 i tried to imagine him playing in the streets with his friends . 
 he looked to be the same age as my little girl back at base . 
 he would 've been happy to play soccer in the streets , ignoring the girls watching because they 'd be full of coodies . 
 he would 've gone to school and been a good boy , making sure he did all he could to make his parents happy . 
 he would 've had a bright future , maybe as a doctor or teacher or something of that sort ; someone that could make a difference in the world at least . 
 but that future had been lost a long time ago because of the infection . 
 this boy was no longer human ; he was some sort of demon . 
 he was lying face up on the ground . 
 his pale eyes searched the sky overhead , looking for some sort of break in the black covering above . 
 the twisted body of the monster seemed to bend in many different directions all at once , trying to tear away from itself and become something different . 
 half of its hair had fallen out ; the hair that remained had turned a whitish color , making the dried green slime plastered on its face that much more noticeable . 
 what struck me the most about this small infected were its hands . 
 its left hand was lying palm up on the ground . 
 it seemed to be expecting something to be placed there . 
 it made me wonder if that monster had had any hopes beyond its primal hunger for flesh . 
 maybe it was waiting to grasp onto something it never got the chance to receive . 
 maybe it was still partially human , grasping onto its fleeting existence as the infection took hold . 
 as i dove deeper in thought , i saw the other hand . 
 its right hand was clutching at its heart . 
 it was clutching its chest so tightly that wells of its polluted blood were forming at the fingers . 
 it seemed as though it was trying to dig its heart out of its chest . 
 could that monster have wanted to die , knowing its only purpose was to kill the ones it 'd once loved and nothing more ? 
 as the transformation took place , had this young boy wanted the sweet release of death in order to avoid hurting those around him ? 
 i stood still , gazing into the seemingly sorrowful eyes of the monster . 
 i hardly noticed the warrior who 'd come and stood next to me . 
 `` pretty rough , huh ? '' 
 he said to me after a few seconds of silence . 
 i did n't respond because i could n't stop staring at those hands . 
 he grabbed me by the shoulder and waited for me to face him . 
 when i did , he spit the cigarette he was smoking out of his mouth and said , `` i know . 
 trust me , i know . 
 we 're not so different from each other , ya ' know . 
 i know you think i 'm cold and heartless all the time , but you 're wrong . 
 you just ca n't see past what 's right in front of your face sometimes . 
 i can see it in your eyes right now . 
 i ca n't help but think it when it hits me all of a sudden . 
 is there anything left of that boy in there ? 
 had he wanted to die ? 
 how could such an evil exist that can ravage the innocent body of a child ? '' 
 he became graver than usual as he looked into my eyes with such intent that it made me squirm . 
 he asked , `` do you want to know the answer ? '' 
 i looked deeply into his wild blue eyes and nodded slowly . 
 he looked away from me and back down at the body . 
 after a long pause , he said , `` i do n't know . 
 that 's the answer . 
 i just do n't know . 
 something inside tells me that i might never know . 
 i hate that . 
 i hate not knowing . 
 i hate being stuck in this place . 
 i hate that i ca n't live a normal life ever again . 
 i hate that i 'll never see my wife or kids or mom or dad ever again . 
 they 're all dead and gone now . 
 yes , i knew what love was once . 
 but now that 's gone ; now it 's a pile of ash blown away by the wind . 
 every day since i lost them , i 've hated that every second of my life is wasting away because i have nothing to live for . 
 i hate it . 
 i wan na be like that boy . 
 i wan na be dead . '' 
 he looked back at me . 
 he continued on : `` but i know i ca n't do that . 
 i ca n't be weak ; i ca n't let the evil in this world win . 
 i want to die so badly i can taste it , but i just know that i ca n't let the evil here take any more of what 's left around me . 
 that 's why i ca n't stop killing the infected . 
 not for anyone or anything ; not even for myself . 
 simply because i just ca n't let the evil win . 
 you understand me . 
 i can always see it in your eyes whenever i 'm around you . 
 you want death to swallow you whole and never spit you back out . 
 you have nothing left . 
 you want it to be over . 
 but i 'm telling you , we have to fight . 
 that 's all there is to it . 
 nothing more , nothing less . '' 
 we stood there in silence as the others looked on . 
 after another minute , he shouldered his axe , and said , `` let 's go , we need to survive . 
 for you especially , you need to for that little girl back at base . 
 that 's the only thing that separates you from me ; you have something to live for . 
 you need to live for her no matter how badly you want to give up and die . 
 you 're all she 's got . 
 do n't lose that something to live for . 
 protect it with you life , to the very end . '' 
 he stepped away from me and walked back to the group . 
 the little girl flashed into my mind . 
 the warrior was right . 
 i was being selfish by wanting to give up and end it all . 
 she needed me . 
 she was my little girl . 
 i was all she had . 
 i promised i 'd never leave her , no matter what . 
 everyone else had failed to fulfill their promises to her ; i would n't be another . 
 i took one last look at those sorrowed hands , turned my attention back to the group , and walked over to them . 
 as i had stepped into the cluster , the warrior began . 
 `` we 're here . 
 this is just a small taste of the devastation going on here . 
 remember to be careful ; this place could be flooded with infected at any time . 
 be quick and silent . 
 use your melee weapons only , saving the guns for emergency situations . 
 we 're gon na to split into three teams so we can gather supplies quickly . 
 we 'll be focusing on ten major neighborhoods in this area . 
 my team will go through four neighborhoods , and the other teams will focus on three neighborhoods to go through . 
 here are maps of your assignments . 
 take care of your missions as fast as possible and report back here as soon as you 're finished . 
 look up , everyone . 
 the sun 's high in the sky now . 
 we have until sunset to be back here at the brick wall . 
 once sunset hits , we 're leaving . 
 i wo n't risk being here when this place gets filled with those monsters . 
 everyone get it ? 
 all right , let 's do this and get the hell outta here . '' 
 he broke our group into three separate teams . 
 he kept me in his group . 
 he sent the first and second groups out , and then led our group down a series of streets until we came to a neighborhood that was in worse condition than where we 'd begun . 
 we made it halfway down the block and stopped . 
 in the midst of the stale silence , the warrior spoke in a whisper . 
 he told us to split in half , making two teams that could scour the area and find whatever was useful . 
 he split up the group and kept me at his side . 
 our team was going to the far end of the street and search while the other team remained closer to the beginning of the block . 
 we separated and went to our destinations . 
 we stopped at the end of the street , in front of a blue two story house with a large tree in front of it . 
 the house was in a state of decay ; the paint was flaky , the windows were broken , and broken glass was lining the path that led up to a front door that was slightly ajar . 
 the tree was barely alive ; a few leaves clung to its branches . 
 there was a long streak of red across its trunk that connected to a blood trail leading down the street . 
 the warrior crept to the door of the house and tried to open it ; it was unlocked . 
 he motioned us over and carefully stepped inside . 
 i held a deep breath in as i entered into the dark house . 
 once inside , my eyes began to adjust to the darkness filling the house . 
 the dim light from the sun emanated through the broken windows and provided a dull light that filled the main doorway . 
 there were three places to go : to the right was a dining room and kitchen area , to the left was a living room and a door leading to a basement downstairs , and directly in front of us was a staircase leading to a second floor . 
 we split into three groups of two and headed to different areas of the house . 
 the warrior and i took the staircase to the second floor . 
 we reached the second landing and scanned the area . 
 there was a short hallway with three rooms : one on the left , one on the right , and a third room that appeared to be a bathroom . 
 a large pool of dried blood was in the center of the hallway . 
 bloody smears lined the walls , supporting the idea of an infected attack that 'd taken place long ago . 
 the door to the bathroom was wide open , showing caked blood that seemed even redder against the white tiling of the room . 
 i saw the entire room from where i was standing ; no danger there . 
 the warrior signaled me to take the door on the left as he slowly opened the door to the right . 
 i turned the doorknob quietly with my left hand ; my right hand was grasping my machete , ready to slice through anything in my path . 
 i opened the door and peeked inside . 
 i looked at the floor ; it was sprayed with sunlight shining through a nearby broken window . 
 i saw two people , a man and a woman , lying on the ground . 
 the man was lying on top of the face down woman with his hands covering her to shield her . 
 the woman had been eaten away at the neck , almost severing her head from her body . 
 the man had been eaten almost entirely halfway through . 
 isaw his spine and internal organs in the dried , thick blood . 
 a large pool had formed and dried around them , spanning most of the room . 
 i swallowed hard and began to search the room . 
 i kept looking back over my shoulder at the crime scene ; the fixed expressions of horror on their faces were hard to shake out of my mind . 
 i thought to myself , wondering why i was still shocked by death although i 'd seen so much of it . 
 i tried to ignore my thoughts and looked through the room for anything worth taking . 
 i ransacked a nearby dresser , a closet , and a small bathroom connected to the room . 
 as i finished putting everything i 'd found in my pack , i heard the muffled sound of footsteps coming from the other room . 
 i turned my head as screams filled the air . 
 the first thing i heard was the warrior yell out , `` dammit ! '' 
 i ran to the door and saw a small figure on his back , trying to get its jaws around his neck . 
 the warrior was holding its head a few inches from his throat as he called out my name . 
 i glanced at the ground , seeing that he 'd dropped his axe a few feet away from him . 
 the infected child attacking him would n't let up enough for him to get it . 
 i held my machete tight as i threw my pack to the ground and ran towards him . 
 i bolted across the hallway and into the room . 
 i raised my machete above my head and got ready to deliver a powerful blow to the creature . 
 as i prepared to swing , a strong force threw me from my feet and into a nearby wall . 
 my vision went blurry for a moment as the blood swelled in my head . 
 my vision cleared , and i saw another infected standing where in the doorway . 
 this one was much larger , and looked to have once been a teenage boy . 
 it was tall and muscular ; perhaps it 'd once been a football player . 
 it was breathing heavily in the doorway , like a bull ready to charge . 
 my eyes searched the ground for my machete ; it was lying in between its legs , shining in the light of the room . 
 as i pulled myself to my knees , it turned its attention to the warrior and began to claw at his back . 
 a painful cry filled the air as it tore through his shirt and into his flesh . 
 i snapped into action , got to my feet , and ran to my machete . 
 i picked it up in one fell swoop and put its shining blade into the right shoulder of the infected . 
 a howl filled the air as i pulled the blade out and stabbed it into the small of its back . 
 the infected child was still clinging to the warrior , edging its mouth closer to his neck . 
 the warrior was fighting as best he could , but fighting two infected at once was draining all he had . 
 as i pulled the machete out of the back of the larger infected , it turned towards me and threw me into the hallway . 
 i landed on my back , finding myself directly in the center of the dried blood pool . 
 it leaped in my direction , intending to land on top of me . 
 as it flew through the air , i tucked my knees into my chest and prepared for its landing . 
 it landed on top of my feet , and i used my legs to propel it away from me and down the stairway . 
 it banged against the wall and tumbled down the stairs , howling madly as it went . 
 i sat up to the sight of the warrior throwing himself against the doorway , knocking the small infected from him and onto the floor beside me . 
 my eyes grew wide as it scrambled to its feet beside me and let its white , hateful eyes focus on me . 
 stunned by its evil gaze , i attempted to raise my machete for an attack . 
 the monster grabbed ahold of the blade , pulled it from my hand , and threw it down the stairway . 
 i heard it clang against the walls and stairs as it descended . 
 i was defenseless against the monster before me . 
 i tried to sit up , but my sweaty hand slipped on the carpeting of the floor , forcing me onto my back again . 
 the creature eyed me , letting green spittle drip from its small mouth ; it seemed to smile at my helplessness . 
 i raised my hands in defense as it jumped on top of me and tried to edge its head close to my neck for a bite . 
 i tried to push it away from my face , but it was much stronger than i 'd thought a child ever could be . 
 as it edged its hideous face closer to mine , the blade of the fire axe came out of the air and landed directly into the head of the attacking infected . 
 blood and cranial fluid exploded out of its head and landed all over my face . 
 i closed my eyes and felt the warm liquids flow down my face . 
 i heard a thump as its body landed next to me on the floor . 
 i used my sleeve to wipe my face and opened my eyes . 
 the warrior was standing above me , fire axe in hand . 
 he had a look of satisfaction on his face as he gazed at the body of the dead infected . 
 i let out a deep breath , thanked him , and got up . 
 he told me , `` do n't thank me yet . 
 the other one 's downstairs waiting for us . '' 
 as he said this , his blue eyes flared up with excitement . 
 he wanted to find the other infected and exact his revenge upon it . 
 he gave me a twisted smile as he turned from me and headed towards the stairs . 
 he said `` at least you did n't use your gun ; then we 'd be in real trouble '' in my direction as he made his way down . 
 i saw his torn back as he walked away . 
 there were three large rips in his back , and blood was seeping out of them . 
 his shirt was turning a darker shade of blue as the blood soaked into the fabric . 
 i stood there for a second , gave a small angry kick to the dead infected , and followed behind . 
 we walked down the stairs and stopped at their base . 
 my machete was waiting for me , sitting idly on the side of the staircase . 
 i picked it up and prepared myself to attack the infected down there as soon as i saw it . 
 the house was strangely quiet . 
 the warrior focused on the silence , waiting for a noise to reveal the creature 's location . 
 i whispered , `` what about the others searching the house ? 
 should we warn them ? '' 
 he told me , `` no . 
 we need to find it quietly . 
 it could be waiting to ambush us . 
 the others can take care of themselves if it goes their way . '' 
 the warrior signaled for me to go in the direction of the team that went to check out the basement as he made his way in the direction of the dining room and kitchen . 
 i walked through the living room and stopped in front of the closed door leading to the basement below . 
 i became frantic as anxiety found its way to my stomach . 
 i did my best to ignore it as i opened the door to the darkness below . 
 i took a few steps down , searching for a light . 
 my hand found a switch and flipped it on . 
 the light slowly flickered on and illuminated the basement below me . 
 a wide array of boxes and merchandise formed walls and columns in the large space . 
 various appliances , books , trophies , games , clothes , and other memorabilia served as bricks in the construction of this large maze . 
 it created an eerie feeling within me that sent my mind reeling with what could be waiting for me within that maze . 
 it was inviting me in , beckoning me to explore it , get lost in it , and never find my way back out . 
 i came to the bottom of the stairs and stopped at the entrance . 
 i whispered the names of my teammates to get a reply ; there was no answer . 
 i looked over my shoulders , let out a deep sigh , and entered the basement 's maze . 
 it was much larger than i thought . 
 i was able to turn a few corners crammed with stuff . 
 after another turn , i found a straight way that extended for a good length of space . 
 i looked up and down the sides , hoping i could see through to another side , but every nook and cranny was stuffed with all kinds of things . 
 i made it halfway down the strait when a side of the maze came crashing down right in front of me . 
 it sounded like an avalanche as everything fell , completely blocking the path before me . 
 i stood there for a second , thinking about how lucky it was that i had n't ended up at the bottom of that crash . 
 i scanned the debris , looking for anything useful since i could n't go any further . 
 in the silence , i heard the sound of something coughing . 
 it came from the pile in front of me . 
 i moved a few things , and saw the arm of a human being . 
 it was the long , slender arm of my teammate . 
 i immediately grabbed it and pulled it with all my might . 
 my teammate came sliding out of the debris , pulling a few books and shirts with him . 
 i dragged him a few feet away from the pile and sat him up against a nearby dresser . 
 he looked up at me and i immediately knew . 
 his face was drained of color , and i could see small black veins underneath his skin . 
 his irises were tiny within his eyes , darting side to side in fear . 
 he began to speak , but i did n't hear him at first . 
 i scanned his body , and all i could focus on was the small bite that was on his left thigh . 
 it was leaking blood through his pants and out onto the floor . 
 i looked back into his eyes and saw that his pupils had grown significantly smaller in the passing seconds that i 'd scanned him . 
 they 'd almost disappeared completely at that point . 
 he was on the verge of becoming an infected , and it was too late to try to get him any help . 
 his voice began to reach my ears as he talked about what 'd happened . 
 he told me how he and his partner went down in the darkness , relying on their flashlights to guide the way . 
 they thought the basement was much smaller than it really was , so they would n't need the main lights . 
 they kept going through , getting more lost in the maze with every turn . 
 an infected had been in the basement , waiting for them to go down . 
 his partner was attacked from behind ; it threw him to the ground and took a large bite out of his neck , instantly killing him . 
 then the monster came after him . 
 he ran a few turns , but the creature caught up to him and managed to take a bite out of his leg as he ran . 
 he turned and killed the infected with a metal bar he was carrying . 
 he tried to make his way out of the maze when he started to feel weak and sick . 
 he walked until he toppled over , landing in the pile of debris in front of me . 
 after finishing his story , he looked up at me and said , `` i can see the look in your eyes . 
 please do n't kill me . 
 i know it 's too late , but please do n't kill me . 
 just leave me here ; go upstairs , lock the door , and forget about me . 
 i just do n't want to die . '' 
 his eyes were filling with tears as he said this . 
 i looked at him , his bleeding bite , and then at the machete in my right hand . 
 i wanted to spare him , but i knew it was too much of a risk to let the monster he 'd become run loose . 
 what if it escaped and killed someone ? 
 it would be my fault , and the victim 's blood would be on my hands . 
 what if , since it knew where the base was , it got a group of infected and made an attack on the base ? 
 my little girl and the other survivors flashed into my mind . 
 i saw them being eaten alive by him and his infected friends . 
 i saw him chewing on my little girl 's neck , spilling blood all over the floor of our room , smiling as he did so . 
 i felt the promise i made her breaking as i heard the wet snap of her spine resound in my ears . 
 failure broke my heart , and i felt myself falling to my knees and letting the swarm of infected take me next . 
 in that state , i felt myself slowly bringing my machete in front of me , knowing what i had to do . 
 he saw this ; he knew my intention . 
 in that moment , he grabbed my machete and held onto its blade . 
 my hand was glued to the handle , trying to pry the machete from his grasp . 
 thick , red blood was flowing down his arm as he held the blade fast . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 he cried aloud . 
 in his panic he began to reach for his belt and pull a revolver from his side . 
 the same scene of him killing those i loved flashed into my mind again . 
 i knew that if i did n't kill him right there , he 'd turn , and i 'd let everything i had to live for die at the hands of the infected . 
 and it would be entirely my fault . 
 i instinctively pulled the black pistol from the small of my back and put two bullets into his forehead . 
 blood splattered against the dresser as the life left his body . 
 his hand released the blade and fell to the floor with a soft thud . 
 i could n't think as i looked over the dead body ; i reacted immediately by quickly picking up his revolver , tucking it into my belt , and running out of the maze . 
 i dared not look back , for fear i 'd regret what i 'd done . 
 i found myself running faster , trying to escape the guilt that was rising up in my throat . 
 i 'd killed an innocent man . 
 i tried to justify it by saying that he was about to become a monster . 
 but he was n't a monster yet ; he 'd still been a man when i killed him . 
 i 'd become a murderer . 
 i reminded myself of my little girl , saying in my mind that i had to do it to protect her and everyone else on the base . 
 that seemed to quell my heart as i tried to suppress the murder i 'd committed and the killer i 'd become . 
 i came to the entrance of the basement , let out a heavy sigh , and walked out into the living room . 
 i saw the warrior on a nearby couch , lying on his stomach . 
 the two remaining teammates of our group were placing bandages on his back and curing his wound . 
 he tried to sit up as he waited for me to tell him where the others were . 
 i looked at him and shook my head . 
 i pulled out the revolver and let the sunlight reflect off of its metallic surface . 
 the warrior nodded and lied back down . 
 i went over and sat down next to him as he continued being treated . 
 i dared not look at anyone ; i was afraid they 'd see the guilt in my eyes . 
 i listened to the silence of the house , taking it all in . 
 i let myself become numb as i drifted into my thoughts about all that 'd happened . 
 the walls began to melt away around me , sinking into the perpetual blackness that surrounded me . 
 in that dark place , i heard the screams of those who 'd been killed at the hands of the infected . 
 i heard my wife calling out to me , begging me to save her . 
 then i heard the sounds of hideous transformation change her sweet voice to guttural sounds of hunger . 
 they rung in my ears , blaming me for all that i 'd failed to do . 
 at length , i heard the sounds of my teammate that i 'd killed ; he was calling out to me desperately , begging me not to kill him . 
 then a gunshot resounded in the blackness , followed by him asking me why . 
 `` why ? 
 why would you do this ? 
 why ? '' 
 his accusing questions called me out as the murder i 'd become , letting the guilt choke me and make it difficult to breathe . 
 i found myself muttering apologies , repeating `` i 'm sorry '' over and over until the walls of the house formed before my eyes again . 
 i shook myself awake ; i found myself looking at the warrior standing in front of me . 
 i fully snapped out of my trance and stood up . 
 `` that 's the plan . 
 let 's move out '' , he said with finality . 
 i nodded in agreement and followed my group out the door . 
 we came back outside and scanned the neighborhood . 
 the warrior faced us and stated , `` we still need to finish the mission . 
 here 's what we 're gon na do : we remain as a pack , scavenging the rest of this neighborhood for supplies . 
 then we 'll only do one or two more . 
 let 's get this done quickly and quietly , and then meet up with the other groups we sent out . 
 we do n't have much time left ; the sun is getting closer to the horizon . 
 all right , let 's move out . '' 
 we started on the left side of the neighborhood , moving quickly from house to house . 
 the warrior avoided any lower levels and higher levels of the houses we explored . 
 he said that after our experience in the first house , there was no way in hell he was gon na go upstairs or below ground ever again . 
 our main focus became scavenging for food and tools as we cleared kitchens of non-perishables and knives . 
 when i asked why we were collecting all of these kitchen knives specifically , one of the members of our group responded , `` you never know when you 'll need a knife . '' 
 that answer confused me more than it answered my question , but i just shrugged my shoulders and let it go . 
 we gathered more knives , and they clanged in my pack every few steps . 
 this made it increasingly difficult to get by undetected . 
 i slowed our group down , taking slow and careful steps that did n't draw too much attention to us . 
 we did n't experience any more encounters with infected until we scavenged on the right side of the neighborhood . 
 we scavenged through , and at the seventh house down one of our members was taken by surprise by a large infected ; it was hiding in a laundry room , waiting to pounce on the next thing that came near . 
 he was bitten by the infected before we could kill it , and the warrior had no qualms with putting the fire axe right in the middle of the man 's chest . 
 after stopping him , the warrior beheaded him to make sure he 'd stay dead . 
 the woman with us was horrified at what the warrior did , saying that beheading him had been overkill . 
 the warrior responded calmly , saying , `` you just never know ; you always have to be sure . '' 
 i could tell that she had trouble believing him , but she said nothing further . 
 so , only the three of us were left : the warrior , myself , and that woman . 
 i knew we would n't have to worry about her because she was sturdy and could definitely handle herself . 
 we continued on with our mission , finishing the block and slaying the few infected that crossed our path . 
 we went through two more neighborhoods , finding little to no supplies . 
 after we 'd ransacked the final kitchen , we went outside and stopped in the middle of the street . 
 i saw that the sun was low in the sky , revealing that we did n't have much time left . 
 the warrior had us take our packs off and see what we 'd gathered . 
 we had a ton of goods ; a large amount of what we had were non-perishables , and the rest of our plunder comprised of knives and other tools . 
 the warrior gave us a weary smile and stated , `` i think we 've done a good job . 
 let 's try to find another group nearby since we have time to spare . '' 
 the dim light of the sun was shining intently on the warrior 's face , showing how much he was suffering from his wounds . 
 he winced in pain as he tried to lift his pack onto his shoulders . 
 his skin had turned pale , revealing the loss of blood he 'd suffered from the attack earlier . 
 once we had our packs on , we walked down the block to the main street . 
 when we stopped there , i saw the warrior trying to hide his pain by turning away from us and making faces filled with agony . 
 i asked him , `` are you okay ? 
 i can carry your pack for you . '' 
 he snapped back at me as his eyes flared up in anger . 
 `` i 'm fine ! 
 worry about yourself , all right ? '' 
 i looked down at my feet and turned from his gaze . 
 i started walking in the direction of the next block . 
 after a few steps , i turned around and saw the woman right behind me , her attention focused on me . 
 i looked past her and saw the warrior standing where we 'd left him . 
 we stopped and waited for him to join us . 
 after a few minutes , he walked in our direction . 
 he came straight up to me and put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry '' he said as he looked up at me . 
 `` i guess i 've lost a lot of blood . '' 
 i nodded in understanding , seeing that he was just trying to hold on . 
 he looked down at his feet for a second and then turned his attention past us . 
 he looked down the street we were on . 
 he said , `` we do n't have any time to waste . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he led us down the main street with the two of us following closely behind . 
 we walked for three blocks as the sun lowered itself closer to the horizon . 
 as we neared the street corner , the warrior instinctively turned around , grabbed both of us by the straps on our packs , and threw us into some bushes lining the sidewalk . 
 we tumbled through and landed in a backyard filled with lush , green grass . 
 the warrior placed his hands over our mouths and whispered , `` there 's a bunch of infected gathered over there . 
 it looks like there are a ton of them . 
 keep quiet . 
 we 're gon na see what 's going on . '' 
 we stood up and walked to the edge of the house nearby . 
 we crept along its side and peeked around the corner , focusing on the commotion down the street . 
 there was a crowd of at least twenty infected gathered in the middle of the street . 
 they were tearing away at something as blood and articles of clothing flew into the air around them . 
 i thought of how unfortunate the victims of their hunger were as they tore them apart , piece by piece . 
 we watched on for a while as they continued to ravage the corpses of whatever they were . 
 a few of the infected there had their fill and swiftly moved away ; i watched as blood flowed down their demonic faces . 
 as more of them left , i saw nine or ten corpses lying in the middle of the street , each near to each other . 
 a few more infected left , allowing me to see even clearer . 
 my blood ran cold when i saw the whole picture : the corpses in the middle of the street were one of the groups that the warrior had sent out and two infected that 'd been slain alongside them . 
 the world turned red , bathing everything in my vision with a thick film of anger . 
 my hand gripped the handle of my machete so tight that the muscles in my hand started to hurt . 
 rage welled up inside of me as i stared at the corpses lying in there . 
 before i realized it , i 'd stepped out from the safety of the shadows and ended up on the sidewalk in front of the house . 
 i heard a scream behind me as i realized what i 'd done . 
 the woman was yelling for me to come back , making the trouble i 'd gotten myself into much , much worse . 
 i snapped out of my anger and looked around the street . 
 i met the gazes of at least fourteen infected that 'd turned their attention towards me . 
 my courage fled as their eyes grew wide , focusing on me . 
 i took a slow step backwards . 
 the infected watching me stood still for a second , then their shrill cries filled the air . 
 `` run ! 
 we got ta get outta here ! '' 
 the warrior shouted at me . 
 i immediately turned around and broke into a sprint to the side of the house . 
 the warrior and the woman ran to the back of the house as i followed . 
 as soon as i passed the side of the house , the shrill cries of the infected rang loudly in my ears , seeming to come from all directions . 
 we ran through a few backyards , throwing ourselves over walls and through foliage . 
 we made it onto a main street and were spotted by even more infected . 
 they formed a barricade , preventing us from getting past . 
 as we came to a stop , i heard the group of infected chasing us getting closer . 
 we were cut off in both directions , and we frantically began looking for a way out . 
 the warrior called out , `` there ! 
 that large house at the end of the street ! '' 
 we sprinted through the decaying corpses and dilapidated cars and ran into a large red house . 
 i led the charge through the open door and slammed it shut as the last of us entered . 
 i bolted the door and turned around to face the warrior and the woman . 
 i felt immense pain as the warrior 's fist hit me square in the face and knocked me to the ground . 
 he kicked me in the chest and stomach as he yelled , `` you stupid idiot ! 
 why 'd you do that !? 
 you 're gon na get us killed ! 
 damn you ! '' 
 the woman rushed to my side and tried to stop him from beating me , which was a huge mistake . 
 as i lied on the ground holding my stomach and tasting the blood running down my face , the warrior turned , slapped the woman , and threw her over a table and into a wall . 
 he chased after her , cornered her on the floor , bent down , and repeatedly slapped her . 
 his smacks snapped into the air as he yelled at her too . 
 `` and you ! 
 what the hell were you thinking yelling out like that ! 
 you 're just as stupid as he is ! 
 i ought to shoot you and him right in the face ! '' 
 i managed to stand up ; my vision blurred as my eyes watered and i held my nose . 
 i walked over to the warrior . 
 he stood up , turned around to face me , and let his eyes flare up . 
 he came right at me , tackling me to the floor . 
 he got up , dragged me around a corner to the kitchen , picked me up , and slammed me onto the counter by the sink . 
 he ran the water , filling the sink beside my head . 
 after it was mostly filled , he turned me over onto my stomach as i tried to fight him off . 
 i lost the fight ; he turned me completely over and dunked my head under the water . 
 i swallowed a lungful of water and started to panic while he held me down . 
 i flailed my arms and legs , trying to shake him loose . 
 i felt him climb on top of me , placing all of his weight on my back . 
 he continued to yell at me while dunking me , allowing me to come up for air every few seconds . 
 i heard broken pieces of the warrior 's angry lecture , the occasional `` idiot '' filling my ears . 
 after a few more dunks , he threw me off the counter and onto the floor . 
 i struggled to breathe as i coughed and sputtered . 
 the warrior slid down the counter and sat on the floor near me . 
 i looked over and saw the woman walking over to us , holding her right shoulder . 
 she had a small gash on the side of her forehead ; blood slid down her face , making its way to her neck . 
 she came over and sat on the floor . 
 i coughed weakly as i sat up . 
 we sat in silence for a few moments , only hearing the sounds of the infected banging on the door . 
 the warrior slammed his head against the wooden counter a few times , venting his frustration . 
 after he finished , he jumped to his feet and said , `` get up . 
 we 've got ta get moving . '' 
 we stood up and picked up the gear we 'd dropped . 
 we followed the warrior onto the second story of the house and stopped in its hallway . 
 we stood still as the warrior opened doors and looked around the house . 
 he opened the door to a large bathroom , went inside , and came back out a few seconds later . 
 `` i think i found a way out '' , he said with a grim look on his face . 
 the woman and i nodded in quick agreement , careful not to anger him any further . 
 he continued on , `` the problem is we 've caught the attention of too many infected . 
 there 's some right below the window in this bathroom over here . 
 the only way outta here is to climb out , get through a large backyard , and hop over the wall on the far side . 
 but there 's too many of them out there . 
 there 's too many of them front too . 
 we need a distraction . '' 
 `` what if we made a lot of noise ? '' 
 i said shyly , hoping to be received well . 
 `` or fire '' said the woman , having the same sheepish manner i did . 
 `` not bad '' said the warrior as he thought to himself . 
 after a few seconds , he looked up at us and said , `` why not do both ? '' 
 the woman and i looked at each other and nodded . 
 the warrior spoke , `` now that sounds like a plan ! 
 let 's do it . '' 
 he sent the woman and i downstairs to look for anything flammable or metallic we could use for the distraction . 
 when we reached the landing of the first floor , the reality of the situation grabbed us . 
 the banging of the infected on the front door seemed to edge through the walls , surrounding us and closing us in . 
 we felt their shrill cries shake the foundation of the house and every bone in our bodies . 
 we quickened our pace and gathered any supplies we could find . 
 we swept through the house , breaking any door and drawer in sight in search of usable items . 
 after gathering some of the things in the house , we went back upstairs where the warrior was waiting for us . 
 he had some supplies of his own gathered in a pile on the floor . 
 he had a small pile of metal objects , rags , and a lighter . 
 we came near and placed our metal objects , towels , a gas can , and a few matches at his feet . 
 `` this should work '' he said confidently . 
 he had me prepare some rags by dipping them into gasoline , and he had the woman rub some gasoline on the metal objects ; i watched the light dance across their polished metallic surfaces . 
 after we prepared everything , the warrior told us to get ready . 
 he told us his plan : we were gon na set our polished objects ablaze , throw them out of the windows in front of the house , and then set the house itself on fire to create the ultimate distraction . 
 in the midst of the chaos , we 'd slip out of the house through the window in the bathroom and make our escape back to base . 
 the woman and i became excited at the formulation of his plan and agreed enthusiastically . 
 after running through the plan one last time , we gathered our supplies and went to a nearby window . 
 we set fire to the materials and threw them down the street . 
 i looked down ; i saw a large crowd of infected in front of the house , trying to claw its way in . 
 they were so close together i could n't count them . 
 i saw an evil blob below , and it was covered in bloody arms , legs and faces . 
 it bent and contorted in different ways as it pushed against the house , trying to topple it over and get to us . 
 i saw the front door was beginning to give , bending under the weight of the oncoming infected ; we had to hurry . 
 more shrill cries filled the air , i became tense . 
 the fiery distractions made ten of the infected follow them down the street , but many of them stayed , knowing they 'd get in eventually . 
 i looked over to the warrior ; he was still calm and unmoving . 
 `` now the house '' he said . 
 he walked to the stairs , grabbing the gas can on his way down . 
 the woman and i followed slowly , remaining a few steps behind him . 
 he walked right up to the front door of the house , which was snapping under the weight of the infected . 
 a few hands broke through the shriveling wood , reaching out to us with desperate hunger . 
 i looked back to the warrior ; at that moment , he slammed the gas can on the ground . 
 gas flew out of the can and coated everything with a thin layer of it . 
 he turned his head towards us and said , `` i guess it 's time to heat things up '' , and tossed the lighter at the base of the front door . 
 the house went up in flames , coating everything with fire . 
 the warrior walked back over to us , and the three of us stood there , watching the flames lick and feed themselves . 
 the bright orange flames consumed whatever they touched , burning the house into submission . 
 the warrior spoke up , `` okay , let 's get ready to make the climb down . 
 i guarantee every one of those infected is coming to the front of the house as we speak . '' 
 we began to walk up the stairs , but then a loud crash forced us to turn around . 
 i turned to see the infected knock the door down , releasing the flames pent up inside . 
 the infected came pouring in . 
 horrific screams of pain filled the house as the initial wave of infected was engulfed by the flames . 
 more infected came flying in , knocking the others to the ground and heading in our direction . 
 i was the last one on the stairs , closest to their attack . 
 i pulled my machete out as they came upon me . 
 i was knocked against the wall , trying to kick them to keep their vicious bites away from me . 
 i managed to stick the blade of my machete against the throat of the main attacker . 
 i slit its throat , and its blood poured out onto my neck and chest . 
 another one come from my right and grabbed my arm . 
 i slashed at it wildly , trying to free myself . 
 the infected opened its mouth wide and clamped its bloody teeth around my machete ; it threw its head to the side , pulling my weapon from my hand and throwing it out of reach . 
 i reacted by pulling the infected close to me and using my other arm to punch it square in the face . 
 i heard a small crunch as my fist found its nose . 
 as it remained stunned , i snatched the black pistol from my belt and put a bullet into that one , and two others that were headed in my direction . 
 i saw more infected come flooding in , ready to taste my blood . 
 i gave off a few more shots , ending my clip . 
 i reached into my pocket to grab the last clip i had , but my hand found the pocket empty . 
 i scanned the ground quickly , trying to find my last defense against the oncoming infected . 
 there was a pile of bodies on the floor , obstructing my view of the floor . 
 with no hope of finding the final clip , i threw my gun to the floor as the new wave of infected rushed towards me . 
 the next thing i saw was the warrior in front of me yelling , `` get out of here , i 've got this ! '' 
 he slew three infected with two blows from his axe ; blood spurted from their bodies and coated the floor . 
 i turned around , looking for the woman . 
 she was gone . 
 i turned around and saw the warrior fending off a large group of infected , knocking them back with each swing of his axe . 
 `` get out of here now ! '' 
 he said , `` it 's your only chance ! '' 
 i rose to my feet , asking , `` what about you ? 
 i wo n't let you die ! '' 
 he replied sharply , `` i died a long time ago ! 
 now get the hell out of here ! 
 your girl is waiting for you ! 
 you ca n't die here ! '' 
 he said this as another wave of infected came bursting through the doorway , coming straight for us . 
 everything in me told me to stay , to fight it out to the death , but i knew the warrior was right . 
 i promised my little girl that i would n't leave her alone ; she needed me to survive . 
 i yelled out in self-hatred as i climbed the stairs , disgusted with myself for leaving him . 
 i ran up the stairs and picked up my bloody machete , which was waiting for me near the top . 
 i bent low , picking it up with one fell swoop . 
 i sped through the hallway and into the bathroom , locking the door behind me . 
 i came to the window and looked through ; the warrior 's plan had worked . 
 there was n't a single infected there . 
 i climbed out of the window and down the side of the house . 
 i rushed across the backyard and came to a high wall that separated tuckerton from the forest on the other side . 
 i threw myself over the high brick wall , landing back first on the opposite side . 
 i threw myself to my feet and ran through the forest . 
 tears were streaming down my face as i sped through the darkened forest . 
 i ran hard for such a long time ; i did n't even notice the darkness that made its way through the trees , elongating shadows and filling my view with black . 
 i kept running until i came to the top of the hill my group saw on the way to tuckerton . 
 i stood on the hill , looking at that godforsaken city . 
 i watched the last moments of the sunset hated every second of it . 
 the night would come and host a feast for those infected on the warrior . 
 he would die in pain ; maybe he already had . 
 i prayed for a quick death , hoping the warrior had n't suffered much at the hands of the infected . 
 i was frozen on the hill , forcing myself to watch until the sunset turned to night , filling the sky with the moon and its stars . 
 once the moon hung high overhead , i walked solemnly through the night , dragging myself through the forest as i made my way back to base . 
 i made it back to the house and came up to the steel doors guarding the entrance , but i did n't want to go in . 
 how could i face anyone on the base ? 
 i 'd failed everyone . 
 the mission had been unsuccessful , and many lives were lost to the enemy for such little gain . 
 i walked over , took off my pack , and leaned against the brick wall surrounding the house , sliding myself to the floor . 
 i sat down against the wall , looking at the large metal doors , waiting for something ; for anything . 
 i turned and looked out into the night , questioning everything , hoping that the warrior and everyone else were still alive . 
 the sky seemed to taunt me with its tranquility , revealing more of the chaos harboring in my heart . 
 after sitting there for quite some time , the steel doors opened up . 
 i sat quietly as a group of my friends rushed out . 
 the woman that disappeared was walking alongside the red haired woman , her father , and a few others . 
 the red haired woman said , `` but we have to go look for them . 
 they 're our friends ! '' 
 the father replied , `` it 's too dangerous . 
 we ca n't . 
 we do n't even know if any of them are still alive . 
 they have to be dead by now for sure . '' 
 the red haired woman protested angrily , threatening to go out on her own and look for everyone that was missing if he refused to help her . 
 as they continued to argue , i stood up slowly in the shadows of the steel doors , causing a stir . 
 four of the people in the group pointed guns at me , scared i could be an infected . 
 i walked forward and said , `` i 'm still alive . '' 
 as soon as i said this , the red haired woman ran up to me , embracing my tenderly . 
 `` thank god ! '' 
 she whispered in my ear . 
 the father came near , asking , `` are there any others with you ? 
 did anyone else survive ? '' 
 i shook my head with a solemn no . 
 i saw pain fill his eyes as he realized that we 'd lost so many lives , and worst of all , that the warrior , his good friend , would n't be coming back . 
 he shook it off , hiding his pain under his demanding presence . 
 `` okay '' he said ; `` only six of your team made it back safely ... . '' 
 he stopped short ; he clenched his fists and looked at the ground in front of him . 
 the red haired woman let go of me and walked back over to her father , placing her hands on his arm . 
 he continued , `` why did we lose so many ? 
 it was n't supposed to turn out this way . 
 is this all my fault ? '' 
 he looked back up at me , meeting me with sorrowful eyes . 
 `` we lost most of our groups as well . 
 over half of us have been taken by those monsters . 
 we 're all that 's left . 
 we 're all that 's ... ... . . '' 
 he could n't let the sentence finish itself . 
 he pulled himself away from his daughter and walked briskly back into the large house . 
 the rest of us stood there in awe , dumbfounded by the staggering losses we 'd suffered in tuckerton . 
 the red haired woman came to my side and grabbed my bloody hand in hers . 
 i could n't look at her ; i would n't be able to handle the grief that would be in her eyes . 
 she spoke soft words in my ear , telling me how glad she was that i was alive and made it through . 
 i could n't find any words to say back ; all i could do was stand there , trying to keep from tearing myself apart . 
 after some more tender words , the red haired woman left my side , seeing that i needed some time to be alone . 
 i picked up my pack , walked away from the group , and entered the house . 
 i felt the heavy weight of my pack in my right hand ; i was surprised that i 'd managed to keep it , preserving the items i gathered earlier . 
 i looked to my right and saw the room of operations . 
 a bunch of other packs were piled on the large table in the room . 
 that gave me some peace ; at least we 'd salvaged something to keep us going . 
 maybe the deaths of our friends were n't in vain . 
 i turned my attention forward and walked wearily up the stairs . 
 i turned left and walked down the hallway . 
 the loud creaking of the floorboards filled the hallway , reminding me of the creakiness i felt within my own tired body . 
 i came to my room and put my ear to the door ; i heard my little girl giggling as she talked with her older friend . 
 i caught snatches of their conversation , chuckling lightly as the spoke about what it 'd be like to have a beard like a pirate captain . 
 after a few more seconds of eavesdropping , i knocked weakly on the door . 
 as soon as the door opened , my little girl came flying into my arms . 
 `` you 're back ! 
 you 're back ! 
 i missed you ! '' 
 she said as she embraced me tenderly . 
 i walked over to the bed as i held her in my arms . 
 i sat down heavily and held her in silence for a long period of time . 
 i became motionless as thoughts ran through my mind . 
 that little girl had kept me going , and i knew that i had to keep surviving for her sake . 
 she seemed to be a source of light , guiding me through the dark torrents of the time to a place where i 'd find the sun smiling down on me . 
 i remembered the warrior ; i felt him reminding me that the little girl was all that i had left , and that i 'd made a promise never to leave her alone . 
 i was all that she had left in the world , and i could n't let that reason for living ever escape me . 
 i resolved to live out what the warrior had told me , commemorating his life by fighting against the infected unto my dying breath . 
 then i felt my little girl start squirming in my arms , snapping me into reality . 
 after releasing her from my arms , i listened intently as she showed me her new drawings and told me of her adventures with her friend . 
 the older woman , sensing my tiredness , told her to go downstairs and let me get a chance to rest . 
 i nodded thankfully as they left the room , closing the door behind them . 
 i lied down on my side , feeling sleep take me as i put my head on the pillow . 
 i felt some tears escape from my tired eyes as the world turned darkness around me . 
 i awoke to the sun making its way through the window of the room . 
 my body felt broken as i sat up in bed . 
 i rubbed my crusty eyes and let the world come into form around me . 
 i got out of bed and walked towards the door . 
 the sound of rustling papers filled the room as my feet spread some of the drawings that my little girl had left out . 
 i went out into the hallway , walked to the right , and stopped at the top of the main stairs . 
 i looked down into the main entrance , watching the people there for a moment ; there were so few . 
 my mind flashed back to when the little girl and i first entered the base . 
 i saw the raging river of people down below , the red haired woman in the midst of it , waiting for us to meet her . 
 then i snapped into the present . 
 the river had lost much of its water , leaving remnants of its previous existence in the small stream it left behind . 
 a wave of anger swept over me as i thought on all that 'd been lost . 
 my hands gripped the banister in front of me tightly . 
 i tried to choke the faded wood , crushing it under my hate until my knuckles turned white . 
 so many were gone ; every group that 'd been sent out had experienced staggering losses . 
 we were all that was left . 
 i looked into space angrily until the red haired woman came up behind me and placed her hand on my right shoulder . 
 i looked over into her eyes . 
 they were red and puffy , clear evidence that she 'd been lamenting the loss of her friends . 
 i asked her , `` are you all right ? '' 
 she turned away from me , placing her attention on the main entrance of the house . 
 `` no ... '' she said , `` ... and i do n't think i ever will be . '' 
 i turned my attention forward again , focusing on those words . 
 how true they were ; i could never be the same after what happened . 
 we stared off in silence until she turned to me and said , `` i think we better go . 
 we have to debrief with the other survivors in a few minutes . '' 
 i gave her a solemn look and nodded slowly . 
 she led the way down the stairs and into the operations room . 
 we were the first ones there . 
 all of the packs from before were all gone ; the supplies had probably been put away sometime earlier . 
 we waited around until everyone else joined us . 
 the red haired woman 's father was the last to come in . 
 he came in slowly , dragging his feet as he made his way to the nearest chair . 
 he sat down heavily and looked around the room . 
 five chairs were empty , serving as reminders of the ones that 'd been lost . 
 after some silence , he began the meeting . 
 he leaned forward and looked intently at everyone present . 
 `` okay . 
 here 's how it is : we secured enough supplies to keep us going for a while , but they 'll only last so long . 
 although , it 'll be much easier for us now that our numbers have decreased significantly . '' 
 he paused before continuing , looking for what he was trying to say . 
 he continued on , `` we are n't gon na talk about the losses of our friends ; it 's just too much right now . 
 this is the main objective : survive . 
 that 's what we got ta do ; for ourselves and each other . 
 there 's no time for us to pity ourselves and let grief consume us . 
 we need to come alongside each other and be the support to carry each other on . 
 we need to rely more heavily on each other , knowing we 're incapable of doing this alone . 
 we 'll take a few days to situate ourselves , but then we got ta begin operations again . 
 i know ; none of you wan na go back out there knowing those demons are on the prowl , hungry for our flesh . 
 but we have to ; we just have to . 
 take the next few days to find closure , rest , and get ready for new operations . 
 mend your broken hearts , because that 's what 's essential to where we are right now . '' 
 tears were welling up in his eyes as he said this . 
 i listened closely , hanging on to every word that came out of his mouth . 
 i looked around the room ; everyone in the room was crying , doing their best to keep composure . 
 i saw the pain writhing about in our hearts , trying to kill us off , like some sort of disease . 
 i turned back to the father as he said his last words . 
 `` that 's all there is to it ; that 's all i have to ... '' he could n't let the words find their way out of his mouth . 
 his bottom lip quivered as tears rolled down his cheeks . 
 he pulled his pipe out with shaking hands and struggled to light up the herbs inside of it . 
 he got up as he tried to take a puff to console himself . 
 his lips were shaking intensely as he tried to puff ; the pipe fell out of his mouth and landed in his hands . 
 he turned away from us and walked into the main entrance . 
 we watched on , seeing the anguish in his heart . 
 he stopped , looking down at the pipe in his hands . 
 he stood there for a few moments , probably thinking about the warrior . 
 then he raised his hands high and smashed the pipe on the ground , filling the room with the sounds of the crash . 
 pieces of it flew everywhere , coating the floor with destruction . 
 he stamped out the lit herbs on the floor and walked angrily out of the house . 
 after that , the rest of us looked down into our hands , looking for something that was never there . 
 i watched as everyone slowly trickled out of the room , leaving me alone . 
 i sat in silence and the room started speaking to me . 
 it reminded me of how i 'd been the one that sent us to tuckerton , and our deaths . 
 i tried to deny the accusations the room threw at me , saying i had n't know what would happen . 
 the room continued to spit my crimes at me , pushing me closer to the edge . 
 i stood up as the room kept prodding me towards my own destruction . 
 when i could n't take it anymore , i stood up and repeatedly smashed my chair against the wall , breaking it up into wooden splinters . 
 i walked out of the house as the echoes of my crimes chased me out the door . 
 everyone spent the next few days consoling themselves and getting ready for the next round of survival ; i think we knew it 'd be the hardest time of our lives before it even began . 
 tape # 11 operations picked up again after the few days of rest . 
 the red haired woman 's father expanded operations , planning for our missions to be farther away and more difficult than before . 
 he told us we needed to venture farther south to stay as far away from tuckerton as possible . 
 everyone agreed to the more difficult missions without hesitation ; the thought of encountering anything like tuckerton again was too much to handle . 
 we were warned to stick to small areas and towns , completely avoiding any main cities ; they were too dangerous . 
 like we needed another reminder . 
 many , including myself and the red haired woman , were reluctant to go out again at all , especially after suffering through the hell that broke out in tuckerton . 
 it did n't matter that we were in desperate need of supplies ; we were still paralyzed by the loss of our friends . 
 yet , after reminding ourselves that the best way to remember those we 'd lost was to survive and beat the infected , we were able to continue on with the missions afforded us . 
 we went to places that took days to reach , finding little , and making long journeys back , returning with barely enough to keep everyone going for a few days at a time . 
 a long and fluid stream of months passed like this . 
 the continued fight for survival intensified over time as the supplies around us dwindled , but we made due . 
 it got to the point where we stopped finding anything useful , making the missions we performed wastes of time and energy . 
 around that time , the red haired woman 's father forced us to ration our food even more , allowing us to eat only twice a day . 
 and the meals were meager servings , barely enough to quiet the pangs my stomach made throughout the day . 
 my little girl suffered the most ; she was still growing , and needed a lot more food than what she was given . 
 i started giving her most of my meals to keep her from starving , forcing me to go most days with only one meal in my belly . 
 it took a while to get used to , but eventually i could ignore my hunger and focus on the missions i 'd go on . 
 the red haired woman saw how thin i was getting and tried to spare some of her food whenever she could . 
 i also started stealing some of the supplies we found , if any , but i stopped after a while because the guilt was worse than starving to death . 
 one day , two of our least experienced guys said they could n't take it anymore . 
 they complained about starving , wasting time , and any other thing they could think of . 
 after their meaningless rant , they took their weapons , gathered all of their stuff , and left . 
 the red haired woman 's father did n't care . 
 he let them go , gave them ample supplies , and wished them luck . 
 we found their bodies picked clean on the side of a dirt road a few days later . 
 the red haired woman was able to recognize them by the gear they left behind . 
 after we found those bodies , all of us were reminded how badly we needed to depend on each other . 
 soon after , everyone on the base became a close-knit family . 
 we began to rely on each other and stick close together , looking out for each other in every way possible . 
 the red haired woman and i bonded again as well . 
 we quickly got past the awkwardness from before and were able to treat each other as close friends . 
 we 'd go on walks every few days or so , talking more about our lives , our hopes and dreams , and what we imagined ourselves doing if the outbreak had never occurred . 
 she imagined herself as a prominent nurse working in a major hospital . 
 she 'd be saving lives every day , giving hope to the broken , and following in her mother 's footsteps . 
 she even imagined that she 'd be working underneath her mother , forming the most dynamic duo ever to hit the nursing world . 
 she 'd come up with all sorts of scenarios that 'd involve them saving lives just in the nick of time . 
 she told me she liked the most intense stories better , like the ones involving pulling a person back from the brink of death , because the differences she 'd see there were greater than that of a pure and simple encounter . 
 she said that people were more likely to transform their lives when they seemed to have lost everything , but were able to come back and salvage them . 
 she repeatedly told me that suffering produced character , and that people would find out who they truly were when they 'd lost everything . 
 one thing she mentioned really got me thinking at that time . 
 she told me that , in our human nature , once we 've lost everything , we have two options : we can either rise up and choose to fight for something , or we can slowly be transformed into a monster worse than any infected . 
 and that monster would destroy everything . 
 not just the person , but everything around them as well . 
 the destruction would continue until that person was standing on the ruins of themselves and their life . 
 her thoughts made me uncomfortable , making me wonder what i was becoming . 
 i focused inward , keeping careful watch on myself , hoping that i 'd fight and never become the monster she 'd described . 
 after telling me that , the red haired woman told me she was so adamant about those life and death scenarios because she 'd find out who the people around her truly were , even her mother . 
 at the same time , they 'd put her to the test as well . 
 she was n't sure , but she wanted to find out who she really was too . 
 she continued on with her dreams , telling me how she could see her mother and herself pouring through countless medical journals and research articles to find ways to conquer incurable diseases that devastated a person . 
 racing against the clock , holding death in the left hand and life in the right , nobody could really tell which way it would go . 
 however , despite all odds , they 'd be able to do it ; they would accomplish the impossible . 
 i admired her dreams . 
 she was kept such a deep-seeded hope that helped her carry on the memory of her mother while remaining firm in herself as well . 
 just as she 'd thought about her life without the infection , i also wondered what i 'd be doing if the infection never happened . 
 i saw myself as a janitor for two or three more years , scraping by until i could find a firm that 'd let me be a lawyer again . 
 while doing that , i 'd be with my wife and child , maybe with another one on the way . 
 scraps would be getting bigger , causing more havoc as he trashed the house while having all of us rolling on the floor with laughter . 
 i saw mine and my wife 's child , either as a boy or a girl . 
 either way , it 'd be our child ; it 'd be the accumulation of our joy , our love , our pain , and our undying commitment to each other . 
 i saw my boy ; he 'd grow up well , taking after me in his nature , but retaining many of my wife 's delicate yet sturdy features . 
 he would be a sports-minded person that balanced that nature well with his academics . 
 he 'd grow up to be someone important , like a ceo of a company or something . 
 he 'd use all of his resources for the greater good , making us proud . 
 i saw the other side if my child as a girl . 
 she 'd take after her mother , but would have some of the harder features of my body . 
 she 'd be sassy , but would be able to show unbelievable depth through the compassion and empathy she 'd have for others . 
 she 'd want to live a simple lifestyle as a teacher , just like her wondrous mother . 
 she 'd raise up the next generation through teaching , creating an environment that allowed the children to flourish . 
 above all , imagined my life with my beautiful wife . 
 we 'd be so happy ; we 'd love each other so much . 
 i 'd be content to lie in her arms , letting her stroke my hair with light caresses . 
 i 'd be honored to wake up in the morning , way before she did , to make her breakfast in bed and bad coffee that always needed more creamer to be tolerable . 
 we 'd go on long walks , simply dwelling in each other 's presence . 
 i 'd come back home from work and get dinner cooked and ready for when she 'd return from a long day of teaching . 
 she 'd be the queen of my life ; she would be my better half , my soul . 
 i could see the piece of me that left so long ago when she died ; when she was ripped out of my life by bitter circumstance . 
 it was nice to imagine being with her again , but it carried some traces of still fresh pain . 
 it hurt to think these things , but it helped me cope . 
 at least i could have what i truly wanted in my dreams . 
 i wanted to be naïve , to convince myself that in some other dimension or in some other world we could be happy together . 
 i wanted to believe that there was still hope , even though it never existed in the first place . 
 i also thought about the future of my little girl at the base . 
 if all of this had n't happened , saw where she 'd end up . 
 she would 've been happy with her mother and father . 
 i saw her growing up well in school , playing soccer in her spare time , and practicing whenever she could find time to . 
 she 'd have a natural affinity for artistic expression , creating impressive pieces that 'd reflect her heart in the world . 
 she 'd excel in every area of her life due to her own drive , spurred on by the undying support of her loving parents . 
 i became depressed while pondering how she would 've grown up into a beautiful woman . 
 her father would cry tears of joy as he walked her down the aisle to the man of her dreams on her wedding day . 
 then she 'd live in her happily ever after , or at least as close to it as she could possible get . 
 but all of these futures were cast aside by the reality before us . 
 we 'd have to forsake what could 've been for the horrible present gnawing away at our hopes and dreams . 
 in all reality , these walks and thoughts were a great release . 
 i 'd allow myself to let loose some of what 'd been eating me up inside . 
 giving presence to the loss of my family let the giant festering hole in my heart grow slightly smaller ; not by much , but still , it grew that much smaller . 
 not only did the red haired woman and i bond again , but the whole community surrounding us grew much closer as well . 
 since an operation would take about two and a half days round trip , even the most socially awkward of us was forced open eventually . 
 we shared memories about former lives , hopes for the future , and also found comfort in the present with a new family surrounding us . 
 this brought us together , and it also helped the missions seem to feel shorter . 
 even thought this helped a lot , there was something else that was gluing us together , making us inseparable as we went scavenging around in the wilderness . 
 it was n't because of some magical dynamic of goodness or anything ; it was mostly due to the fact that we were all afraid of the dark . 
 the dark is where the shadows were ; the dark is where the infected thrived . 
 i 'd heard and seen many instances that proved it . 
 during most of our missions , the infected came after us late into the night . 
 they 'd strike in the darkest and quietest part of the night , under the deep cloak of silence surrounding us . 
 every attack was a surprise that had us on high alert . 
 no matter how much we prepared , the infected snuck past our defenses and crept close to our necks . 
 they made no sound as they rushed us from the deep shadows of the night , sneaking off with one of our friends when we left ourselves unprepared . 
 they truly were demons ; they knew how to hunt us and find us wherever we were . 
 operations quickly became a thing to be feared , not anything to feel obligated to help others by . 
 at the same time , my own fear of the dark increased a thousand times because of the nightmare i 'd been having . 
 the same dream returned over and over again . 
 i never knew when it 'd come ; it came whenever i got a chance to sleep . 
 i started avoiding sleep as much as i could , fearful that i 'd be haunted by horrible visions whenever i 'd close my eyes . 
 but the need for sleep always wore me down and sent me spiraling into the evils of my mind . 
 it always started out the same way : i 'd be in complete darkness and desperately claw at the nothingness before me , hoping to break through and find any source of light . 
 soon , a cold fear would sweep over me . 
 it was an icy dagger that 'd grate itself against my spine , making my body shiver as the black hopelessness lied before me . 
 i 'd look frantically in all directions , finding no hope of escape . 
 while paralyzed in the complete darkness , i 'd feel something watching me , hunting me , thirsting for me . 
 then i 'd run ; i 'd break out into a full on sprint , trying to escape the unknown enemy coming after me . 
 it felt like i would n't make any progress ; i only found more darkness to run to . 
 all of a sudden , my feet would be thrown out from under me and i 'd fall face first on the ground . 
 i would hit it hard , which caused me to close my eyes and taste the warm blood filling my mouth . 
 i 'd feel the thick , cudgeled blood ooze out of my face , leaking out onto the rest of my body and coating me in a thick film of crimson slime . 
 as i would start rising to my feet , the darkness before me would illuminate with brilliant stars filling a quiet sky . 
 i 'd be reminded of being at the base and seeing every interstellar connection between each extraterrestrial body . 
 i 'd look around me as the darkness receded and the world took shape around me . 
 i 'd find myself in the middle of an endless field of waist-high grass . 
 it would sway in an untouchable breeze , inviting me to walk through . 
 i 'd still have an uneasy feeling in the back of my mind , causing all of my hair to stand on end . 
 with an unknown enemy still coming after me , my body would warn me to keep moving . 
 i 'd walk through the field gazing at the stars , trying to keep myself from looking behind me . 
 every instinct told me not to look back ; it would mean certain death . 
 after walking for some time , i 'd come across my home . 
 not the base , but the house i lived in prior to the outbreak . 
 it 'd be in unnaturally good condition , given that it should 've been in a severe state of decay due to the flow of time . 
 a disturbed feeling would lead me towards the house ; even the house itself beckoned me , inviting me to tread near . 
 by this time , i 'd have a cold sweat all over my body in fear of what was to come . 
 there was some ominous feeling that was causing my heart to hurt . 
 the pain of my face hitting the ground would subside as my sweaty hands would rub my aching chest . 
 i 'd make my way onto the porch , heading towards the door . 
 i always stopped when my hand turned the doorknob . 
 a sensation of pain would shoot through my heart , paralyzing me for a second . 
 as i stood there paralyzed , i 'd feel someone behind me ; they were breathing in my ear , filling my body with hate , disgust , and fear at the same time . 
 then , in one quick movement , i 'd throw the door open , leap into the house , and slam it close behind me . 
 my trembling hands would find the lock and slide it into place . 
 once the reassuring click of the lock broke the silence , i 'd fall to the ground breathing heavily , evidence of a close call . 
 then i 'd get up and step into the middle of the empty house . 
 there would n't be any furniture on the first floor . 
 as i 'd walk around , the emptiness would leave me wondering where everything was . 
 after surveying the first floor , i 'd make my way to the second . 
 there was where everything went wrong . 
 i 'd ascend the stairs slowly , getting another uneasy feeling with every step i 'd take . 
 i 'd feel suspended , as if each step was a thin ledge overlooking a cliff that hung above endless darkness . 
 there was no security there ; each step would bring me closer to my fall . 
 i 'd reach the top of the stairs and look around . 
 the first thing i always saw was the trail of blood come into view ; it came out of nowhere . 
 it would boil out of the flooring , bubbling and hissing before me . 
 then it would spread across the white carpet , filling it with a vivid red . 
 i 'd scan the floor , seeing the thick , fresh blood trail leading from where i stood to the door of my bedroom . 
 i 'd get sick to the stomach , fearful of what monster could 've done such a thing . 
 then i 'd look around the second floor again . 
 four doors : one to the nursery , one to the bathroom , one to a closet , and one to my room . 
 i 'd walk down the hall to the bedroom , never skipping a beat . 
 i 'd try to open the door , but the knob would refuse to turn . 
 i 'd put my ear against the door ; nothing would break the eerie silence . 
 then i 'd try to pry it open . 
 after a few failed attempts with the knob , i 'd kick the door in . 
 it always opened to a horrific crime scene . 
 the floor of the room would be stained crimson . 
 the walls would shine in the invisible light of the room , forcing me to look at the streaks of blood painting them . 
 i 'd see a woman on the floor , holding a child . 
 next to their lifeless bodies would be the corpse of a small dog . 
 i 'd rush over to them and scan their bodies . 
 the dog would be chewed through at the neck , showing that the spine was the only thing connecting head to body . 
 the collar would have a shine to it , allowing me to see the name of the dog ; it was scraps . 
 tears would well up in my eyes as i 'd turn from scraps to the other bodies . 
 i hoped it was n't them ; i was wrong every time . 
 the bodies were no doubt those of my wife and child . 
 my child 's corpse would be missing its head , and fresh blood would be spurting out of its neck . 
 the corpse of my wife would be cradling the child deep into her chest in her lifeless arms . 
 she 'd have deep scratches on her neck that were bleeding out . 
 at the same time , she 'd be eaten through at the chest , allowing me to see the broken heart in her gaping chest cavity . 
 tears would flow heavily down my face as i 'd take in the scene . 
 i 'd throw myself to my knees , bringing my family closer . 
 i 'd cradle their corpses , smothering myself in their death as sobs would choke my body . 
 in the midst of my suffering i 'd hear footsteps . 
 they 'd be dull and heavy at first , but then became louder with each passing moment . 
 something was inside the house ! 
 i 'd turn around , looking intently into the dark hallway . 
 the footsteps would get louder and louder , banging against the floors of the house . 
 they seemed to pierce through the walls , echoing in my head . 
 paralyzing fear would grip me as i 'd sense the demonic presence of the unknown . 
 i would question the darkness , hoping to see my enemy . 
 when the last question would leave my lips , two evil white eyes would flash open , and a nasty grin would unfurl beneath them . 
 its teeth would be yellow and mangy , and green slime would drip from them . 
 i could n't move ; everything inside of me kept me pinned to the ground . 
 the creature would step slowly out of the darkness , rising up and facing me . 
 the light of the room would allow me to see the figure more clearly . 
 how was my face over there ? 
 how could that even be possible ? 
 yet , it would be there ; it would be my face and my body , completely recognizable underneath the decay of the rabid infection . 
 i was the enemy , i was the creature , i was the monster ! 
 he would step into the room heavily , coming right up to my face . 
 he would be leaning in so close i could reach out to feel his warped flesh . 
 then he 'd let out a scream that made everything within me explode ; it would fill the room , the house , and the very crevices of my heart with suffering . 
 then he 'd lean far back , making me flinch as i could hear flesh rip and bones snap . 
 his contorted body would rise up high , towering over me . 
 seeing my despair , he 'd open his mouth , lunge towards me , and swallow me whole . 
 that 's when i woke up . 
 the first few times scared those who were with me ; i awoke with a terrified scream while shivering in painful agony . 
 but over time i got used to it . 
 soon , i 'd wake up with a small whimper and find myself in a thin film of sweat . 
 everyone in the group worried for a while , but they eventually got used to me whimpering through the night . 
 still , the red haired woman could n't stop worrying about me . 
 i 'd always tell her that i was fine , but she and i knew that i was n't . 
 naturally , since sleep was such a burden to me , i 'd volunteer to guard our group through the night . 
 i was too scared to sleep ; it hurt my heart too much to try . 
 as we neared the end of our ropes , the red haired woman 's father forced us to travel even farther into the deep areas of the forest . 
 we became truly desperate , looking for anything that would let us survive just a little longer . 
 what made this worse was that the presence of the infected began to grow . 
 they became desperate as well ; they started attacking our groups multiple times in one night . 
 we fended them off , but they 'd impatiently wait for us in the shadows , looking for a moment of weakness in order to strike . 
 we had a few casualties , and many groups came back with nothing of true value to us , which caused a panic . 
 food became scarce , and everyone started to fend for themselves . 
 as unrest ruled us and we became savages , the red haired woman 's father initialed martial law . 
 he and his most loyal followers put everyone in their place , warning that if anyone participated in an act of insurrection or tried to steal from what little we had stored away , they 'd be shot . 
 he told us to follow his orders without question , and any act of defiance was worthy of death . 
 we knew he was serious , but a few people tried to fight back . 
 they were showered with bullets when they tried to steal food , and the rest of us made sure to follow every order obediently after that . 
 the base that seemed like a home for this long turned into a prison . 
 it actually made me a little glad to leave the base on missions because i 'd get a little freedom from that confinement . 
 everyone else seemed content with it , hoping to return from a mission as soon as possible and back to the false security of the base . 
 time passed under this regime , and all of our resources were dwindling into nothing . 
 in desperation , the red haired woman 's father created a last ditch effort to find something , if anything , and also give us time to figure out a plan so everyone could survive . 
 late one night , he called a meeting of all the manpower we had left ; everyone was to play a role in this desperate operation . 
 when everyone had gathered in the large floor space of the house , the red haired woman 's father ascended the stairs and spoke from the banister above us . 
 he went through a long dissertation about our current situation : we were a lot of manpower short , our supplies were almost completely drained , the infected were becoming more and more aggressive , venturing nearer to our base every single day , and everything else we already knew . 
 after reminding us of the predicament we were in , he spoke of a place where we could go and try to find supplies . 
 a few days travel away was a large bridge connecting two small towns . 
 his plan was for all of the remaining manpower , save a few to remain behind to guard the others , to go to this place and find anything , if anything , for us to survive . 
 he finished by saying , `` this is our last and final option ; we do n't have any choice left . '' 
 he stopped and let the silence creep into the room . 
 everyone looked around , hoping for someone to speak up and agree to the mission that could so easily go wrong . 
 after some more awkward silence , the red haired woman 's father spoke again . 
 he aimed his statement at me , calling me out by name . 
 all eyes turned to me as he yelled out , `` well ? 
 what do you have to say ? 
 will you go with me , or will you be a coward and let all of us die here ? 
 you 've carried out so many successful missions , and you would still sit idly by , waiting for the infected to take us out as soon as we had nothing left ? 
 are you that weak and scared ? 
 you can help sway all of these people here ! 
 even my own daughter would n't go ! 
 well ? 
 what do you have to say ? 
 speak up ! '' 
 i froze . 
 i met his angry gaze from the floor below . 
 i could feel the tension in the room ; it was a heavy weight that 'd been placed on my shoulders by those near me . 
 his eyes were flared up in anger , demanding that i be the one to turn the tables of cowardice . 
 i looked into myself , trying to ask myself what i truly wanted to do . 
 i was so fearful of going to a place that could end up like tuckerton again . 
 i did n't want to think about any more deaths , let alone my own . 
 it was a close call back in tuckerton ; i definitely could n't afford another . 
 i thought of my little girl ; i had to keep my promise to her at all costs , no matter what . 
 i had to keep another heart from breaking ; i already had three to deal with in my dreams . 
 i kept searching , deep into my own fears , trying to muster up the courage to go . 
 i logically tried to weigh both options . 
 if we went , we 'd likely die , leaving everyone to fend for themselves at the hands of the infected . 
 if it did go well , we 'd barely be able to survive for another few days , putting us in the same position we were in at that moment . 
 if we did n't go , then we 'd run out of supplies , die out , and look for more desperate measures of survival . 
 either way , we were completely screwed ! 
 i deliberated on both options as anxiety filled my body , making me so tense my muscles started to ache . 
 how could such a choice be put on me ? 
 why did i have to be the one to hold everyone 's lives in their hands ? 
 as i continued to think , pitying myself , i saw something move upstairs . 
 in the dim light of the house , i saw my little girl coming out from the hallway . 
 she was holding her ragged teddy bear tightly in her arms . 
 she looked so beautiful in the dim light of the room . 
 i took a long look at her , realizing how much she 'd grown . 
 she was tall now ; at least tall enough to reach my neck by only being on her toes . 
 her hair was getting so long ; it was in a long braid that reached down to the small of her back , signifying how much time had passed over the years . 
 she was pencil thin , resembling a thin spruce tree that wavered under the wind of a coming storm . 
 her clothes barely fit her , but she still looked beautiful in them . 
 it was a wonder that she was able to find another purple jacket that actually fit her . 
 it resembled the first , puffiness and all . 
 her jeans reached just above her ankles , and her worn shoes revealed her small , delicate toes that were supposed to be hidden beneath the lacing . 
 her ragged teddy bear had deteriorated heavily , requiring various emergency stitchings and stuffings for it to reach its next day of life . 
 i felt warm in her presence ; as if a small light had been placed in my hands whose rays of calm radiated through my body , down to my core . 
 i lost myself in this momentary joy , forgetting the immense weight that was laid upon my shoulders . 
 i reveled in it for another minute , slowly letting myself slip back into reality . 
 then it hit me full force ; the room took shape once again before my eyes , and the unbearable weight felt even heavier upon my shoulders . 
 i took another quick glance at my little girl , and all logic was lost . 
 i did n't want to die some place far away from her , from the red haired woman , from everyone that was there in our family ; i just wanted to die with the ones i loved . 
 maybe i was a coward ; maybe i was weak . 
 at least i was weak enough to trust in those around me and wish to end my days in their company . 
 my heart caved in at that moment , and i gave my answer . 
 `` n-n-no '' i said weakly , stuttering as the word formed itself on my lips and let itself loose into the room . 
 i found myself shocked as i said it , but it let the weight slip right off of my shoulders , falling limp on the ground behind me . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 a few of them murmured , wanting to know my final decision . 
 the word gained force , coming out once again . 
 `` no '' i said louder , allowing it to sink into the crowd . 
 the red haired woman 's father called out angrily , `` well , what is your answer ? 
 speak up ! '' 
 i replied with strength , yelling it out . 
 it took a second for him to register after it reached his ears . 
 he said nothing ; he simply walked towards the staircase and headed down . 
 i focused my eyes on my little girl as fear crept over me . 
 i did n't want to see him as he came in my direction . 
 the crowd between us remained silent , acting as a useless blockade to keep him from reaching me . 
 all at once i could feel him ; a chill crept up my spine as his hot breath hit me right in the face . 
 i took my eyes off of my little girl and met his gaze . 
 his eyes were flared up in anger so intense it looked as if volcanoes were erupting in his head . 
 `` say it again '' he said , making his body even larger in front of me . 
 `` no '' i said weakly , unsure of what to say . 
 i continued , `` if we 're gon na die either way , i at least want to die here with my family and not in some unknown place because of a useless mission . 
 that 's my decision , as selfish as it sounds to you . 
 you may think i 'm a coward , but at least i know what i want , and what everyone else really wants too . '' 
 he shoved me ; i landed hard on the wooden surface of the floor and slid away , creating a good distance between us . 
 the crowd around us protested him , agreeing that i was right . 
 but they stepped away from us , forming a ring that trapped us in the middle of the room . 
 i knew what was gon na happen next ; we were gon na fight it out to determine the next course of action . 
 everyone reaffirmed that they agreed with me , but i saw that they still feared the red haired woman 's father . 
 i stood slowly and tensed up , expecting him to charge me . 
 instead , he walked slowly up to me , grabbing the collar of my shirt . 
 he raised his right fist high , preparing for a blow to my face . 
 he never got to finish the job . 
 there was a loud bang on the door . 
 then it turned into a banging that shook the entire room . 
 everyone stopped and focused intently on the door . 
 the banging gained force , filling the entire house with its noise . 
 the red haired woman 's father changed his expression from one of anger to one of worry . 
 `` what could that be ? '' 
 he murmured to himself as he released me and moved away . 
 he walked towards the door , seeing the worried looks on peoples ' faces . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll see what it is . 
 it 's probably nothing . '' 
 he said as he made his way through the crowd and headed towards the door . 
 i saw that he was shaking slightly . 
 a pit formed in my stomach ; something was n't right . 
 the crowd of people came behind me , leaving me at the front of it . 
 the red haired woman came beside me , handing me my machete and a gun . 
 i looked into her anxious eyes as i received the weapons . 
 `` i 'm scared '' she said , `` something 's gon na happen . '' 
 i did n't respond as the pit grew heavier in my stomach . 
 i took a quick glance at the crowd , seeing that most of them had armed themselves . 
 i turned my attention , alongside everyone else , to the red haired woman 's father . 
 he shook heavily , placing his hand on the pounding door . 
 i saw that he had a metal pipe in his right hand ; he could sense it too . 
 we all drew breath as he grabbed the handle and slowly opened the door . 
 it truly was a flood ; as soon as he opened the door , it seemed to fly off of its hinges . 
 an outpour of infected , at least twenty , came rushing in , crushing the man under the weight of the door . 
 they flew right at the crowd , but they were met with a shower of bullets . 
 most of them were knocked to the floor , writhing uncontrollably as they let out dying shrieks . 
 a few came leaping into the crowd , attacking us . 
 i managed to slit one open from its chin down to its legs as it tried to leap above me . 
 its thick , cudgeled blood showered the floor as the body made its way to the ground behind me . 
 i got a quick look at the door as more infected came rushing in . 
 i could see past them , out onto the main ground . 
 the grounds were covered with infected , resembling frenzied ants on an ant hill . 
 they were running to and fro , and many were headed in our direction . 
 the second rush came in and was met with a smaller shower of bullets . 
 a third group of infected came pouring in , shrieking as they entered the room . 
 a few of them were knocked to the side by the red haired woman 's father , who 'd gotten out from underneath the door and was fighting as well . 
 the next group came flying right into us , knocking the people near me to the floor as they tried to fight the infected off . 
 as i ducked beneath that wave of attackers , i pulled out my pistol and took two or three of them out . 
 one large infected came and tackled me to the floor , knocking my pistol out of my hand . 
 in one fluid motion , i pulled out my machete and stuck it into the center of its head . 
 the body fell to my side as i pulled my blade out and got up . 
 i was greeted with three more infected charging in my direction . 
 i clenched my fist tightly around the handle of my weapon and charged at them . 
 i met them head on , slashing one across the stomach , slicing another across the neck , and tackling the third one to the floor . 
 i hit it in the center of its chest , and i heard a muffled crunch as i knocked it down . 
 i rose to my feet and stomped my foot directly into its face . 
 it let out a muffled squeal under the weight of my body . 
 the second of the trio came up next to me , trying to attack from my right . 
 i fought it off with my machete , slicing large gashes across its frail arms . 
 i continued to stomp hard on the face of the infected on the floor until it went limp . 
 my shoe began to feel wet and slimy as i continued to stomp , but i could n't bring myself to stop until i felt it was dead enough . 
 the final infected came from my left side , grabbing my arm . 
 i turned in its direction and kicked it between the legs with force . 
 it let out a painful shriek as it staggered back a few steps . 
 i focused on the infected to my right ; i found an opportunity to strike , slashing my blade across its neck . 
 blood sprayed from its throat and coated my arm . 
 i quickly spun around , but not fast enough . 
 the final infected shoved me , lifting me off of my feet . 
 i was suspended in the air for a moment and landed hard against a nearby wall . 
 it charged me as i tried to gather myself . 
 once i could see the whites of its eyes , i stuck my blade out in front of my face ; the infected ran right into it . 
 its dive into my machete left its face so close to mine i could 've kissed it . 
 i saw the surprise on its hideous face ; it was covered in bloody and cracked skin . 
 thick green pus was flowing from its nostrils . 
 it had almost no hair , save a few strands covering its hateful face . 
 its mouth revealed black gums and vibrant yellow teeth . 
 bloody saliva filled its mouth , running down the blade and landing on my chest . 
 the blade had pierced through its head , exiting out of the backside . 
 it would n't surrender ; it continued to try biting me , pushing itself deeper into the blade and trying to close its dying mouth . 
 it was a few centimeters from my face as it coughed . 
 it spat saliva filled blood all over my face . 
 after another moment , it died . 
 i turned over , throwing the body aside . 
 i pulled my blade out and wiped my face . 
 i took a quick look around the room ; it was filled with more infected trying to fight their way to us . 
 i also saw a few of my comrades in the center of the room being eaten away by multiple infected . 
 tearing sounds filled the air . 
 the infected were biting down hard , ripping the flesh from my friends ' bodies . 
 blood and tissue were flying everywhere , coating the floor and the infected horde . 
 i turned away as i saw them pulling out and biting down on the intestines of a woman i 'd once known . 
 i felt a hand on my shoulder and turned around swiftly ; it was the red haired woman 's father . 
 he grabbed my arm while saying , `` let 's go ! 
 we have to get upstairs where we can get them in tighter spaces ! '' 
 my mind immediately flashed to my little girl . 
 where was she ? 
 she could be hurt ! 
 i asked hurriedly , `` where 's my little girl ? 
 she needs to be safe ! '' 
 he replied , `` do n't worry ! 
 my daughter has her ! 
 they 're hiding in the attic with a few others ! 
 the infected ca n't reach them there ! 
 hurry , let 's go ! '' 
 i followed him up the stairs as some infected followed close behind . 
 when we reached the top , the red haired woman 's father threw me on the ground and dove on top of me . 
 i covered my head as bullets flew over us , nailing the large group of infected behind us . 
 their shrieks filled the air as their bodies tumbled back down the stairs . 
 the red haired woman 's father pulled me to my feet , and stood by my side . 
 i prepared my machete as i saw another group of infected barge through the door and come to the base of the stairs . 
 i took a deep breath and called some men to me . 
 the six of us charged down the stairs at the oncoming infected , knocking them back as we sped down . 
 i leaped into the air at the oncoming group , slicing one across the face and kicking another one hard with both of my feet . 
 i tumbled down the stairs , taking six or seven of them with me . 
 i hit the ground and rolled to my feet . 
 i took a second to survey the chaos ; there were less infected in the house ; about thirty remained . 
 they were spread across it in groups of five or six as they ransacked the house . 
 it seemed like they were losing interest in attacking us because we were hitting them with significant losses . 
 i stuck my blade through the skull of an infected as the other men joined me at the bottom of the stairs . 
 the men stood by my side and finished killing the infected at our feet . 
 i told them to stop the groups of infected around the house as i spotted my pistol on the ground behind a group of infected . 
 i figured i could get to it because the infected were too busy ripping into one of the carcasses of my friends . 
 i made my way to the pistol ; i watched the blood spreading across the floor , soaking into the wooden floorboards . 
 the bodies of countless infected lay strewn across the ground , creating a maze of bodies on the floor . 
 i stepped over the bodies , quietly making my way to the gun . 
 i knelt as i came into an arm 's length of the pistol and reached for it . 
 as i grabbed it , i felt a hard pull on my ankle that made me slip on the bloody floor . 
 i turned as a bloody infected jumped onto my chest , its saliva flying onto my face . 
 i pulled the pistol up to its forehead and let two shots fill the air . 
 its head exploded and the body fell on the floor next to me . 
 i turned onto my knees and looked at the group of infected before me . 
 four of them had turned around , facing me with hungry eyes . 
 i pulled my pistol in front of me and let the last two shots of my clip hit two of the infected in their chests . 
 the other two leaped into the air at me , their teeth bared . 
 i pulled my arms up to my face when i realized i 'd let go of my machete to grab the gun . 
 the whole scene seemed to go in slow-motion : as i watched the two infected leaping at me , i saw the red haired woman 's father running in from the far left field of my vision . 
 he dove into the air , leaping in front of me . 
 one of the infected took a bite out of his arm as the other dove into his chest . 
 they hit the ground in a tangled mess nearby . 
 i watched as the father kicked and hit the infected with his metal pipe while they combated on the bloody floor . 
 i rose to my feet , grabbed my fallen machete , and headed over to their fight . 
 i slashed one of infected across the back , causing it to rear up . 
 that allowed the father to put his metal pipe right through its head . 
 then he kicked the other one away from us , knocking it hard against a wall . 
 i ran over to it and slit its throat . 
 it attempted to shriek , but choked on the blood rising into its throat , which suppressed its cry . 
 i saw the life leave its body as it gasped for air and limply fell to the floor . 
 i ran back over to the red haired woman 's father ; he was sitting against the doorway that led into the living room , which was filled with another slew of bodies . 
 i saw that the infected had cleared out , and the remaining men had sealed the doors to the house . 
 i heard muffled shrieks fading from earshot as the red haired woman 's father pulled me in close . 
 i could see that the infection was beginning to course its way through his veins . 
 the first thing i noticed was the gaping wound on his left forearm . 
 the wound was bleeding profusely down his arm and leaking onto the floor . 
 the veins surrounding his arm and neck were turning black as the poison was spreading rapidly through his body . 
 i looked into the blue-green eyes in his pale face . 
 he motioned for me to lean in closer with his right hand . 
 he was coughing up blood as he whispered quietly , `` i 'm sorry ... i see what you were saying ... about ... not leaving . 
 please keep my ... daughter ... and everyone else ... safe . 
 it 's up to ... you ... now . 
 this is n't ... . 
 your fault ; it would 've ... happened anyway . 
 you need to survive ... and keep moving . 
 you ca n't stay here ... . . 
 anymore . 
 it 's not safe . 
 i ... ... ... '' he never got to finish telling me his last words . 
 heavy tears flowed down my face as i pulled away from his cold body . 
 he had a calm expression on his face ; it was a smirk that was slowly turning to a smile . 
 that confused me at the time , especially based on the gravity of the situation . 
 maybe he knew he was gon na see his wife . 
 i looked around at the men ; they were watching me wipe the tears from my eyes . 
 i turned to them and said , `` let 's start clearing out the bodies . 
 we have to prepare in case the infected try to attack us again . '' 
 they slowly turned their attention from me and began taking the bodies outside . 
 i told them to leave his body where it was , at least until the red haired woman could see it for herself . 
 i helped clear some of the bodies , and i watched in wonder as a large pile formed outside of the house . 
 while outside , i saw that the infected had somehow opened the steel doors isolating the base from the outside world . 
 while studying the doors , i noticed that the surrounding wall had blood splashed across it at all angles . 
 i looked at the dried blood intently ; it was the struggle our outside guards put up as they tried to dam the flood of infected . 
 i walked back into the house and up the main staircase . 
 i found the entrance to the attic and pulled the ladder down . 
 i ascended it and looked into the dark room . 
 i was greeted with a pistol pressed against my forehead . 
 i quickly stated , `` it 's all right . 
 the fighting 's over . 
 you guys can come out now . '' 
 the pistol was pulled away and i descended the ladder . 
 everyone that 'd been hiding up there , about twelve people , came down with the red haired woman leading the way . 
 my little girl came up to me , but shrunk back when she came near ; she had tears in her eyes and looked afraid . 
 i reached out to hold her , but she backed away into the red haired woman . 
 `` you 're covered in blood , '' the red haired woman said . 
 i looked down at my body , which was covered in fresh blood all over . 
 i looked back up at her and asked her to escort my little girl to our room to wait for me to get cleaned up . 
 as the two of them stepped away , i grabbed the red haired woman 's arm to hold her back for a second . 
 she turned and faced me , wondering what i wanted . 
 i gave her an extremely worried look as i shook my head . 
 she understood immediately and said , `` you wait here ; i need to see him . '' 
 i nodded and stayed glued to my spot . 
 she took my little girl to the room and returned momentarily . 
 she came up to me , grabbed my hand in both of hers , and said , `` show me . '' 
 tears were welling up in her deep blue eyes , which made me feel guilty for some reason . 
 then they began to overflow , and rivers found their way down her cheeks . 
 i held her hands tightly and led her downstairs to her father 's body . 
 as soon as the body came into view , she let out a horrified scream . 
 she tore herself from me and ran to the stiff body . 
 she cried in the midst of grieving shrieks as she cradled the body of her dead father . 
 i watched on painfully as she did so until her voice was hoarse and she could no longer cry . 
 after the red haired woman finished mourning , i told some men to take the body outside with the others . 
 after they pried the body from her arms , i helped the red haired woman to her room . 
 when we entered the room , she left my side , sat limply on her bed , and stared off into the night sky outside . 
 i watched her staring off in the distance and waited for a response . 
 after a few minutes of waiting , she finally said , `` please , just go . 
 goodnight . '' 
 i left her room silently , gently closing the door behind me . 
 i walked down the hall to the washroom and ran the water . 
 the weak stream of water was enough for me to wash off the dried blood that was caked all over my face and arms . 
 i watched solemnly as the blood filled the rusty sink basin and flowed into the drain . 
 how many innocent lives were in that blood ? 
 how many souls were filling the sink in front of me , going down the drain to be forgotten ? 
 how could they have known or wanted to become the evil creatures wandering the forest ? 
 why had the innocent been taken away alongside the guilty as no justice reigned at all ? 
 i looked up into the broken mirror in front of me as i thought on those questions . 
 i saw my shattered reflection in the broken mirror . 
 it revealed various images of who i was . 
 which one was the real me ? 
 i began to wonder if any of them were really me ; maybe the real me was haunting my nightmares , showing me who i really had become . 
 they all looked so weary , as if they 'd cave in on themselves at any second . 
 my eyes were red from crying and my face had aged beyond belief . 
 i saw the cuts i had on me that were still bleeding , mixing with the blood that 'd caked itself onto my skin . 
 i did n't want to look at myself any longer ; i finished washing and left the room , making my way to my bedroom where my little girl was waiting for me . 
 i stopped at the door ; i took a second to look at the large flower spanning the length of it . 
 i 'd never really taken a chance to look at it , but my grief forced my eyes to take it in for the first time . 
 it was a gigantic blue rose with yellow lining the tips of the petals . 
 it was in the midst of blooming , and a large sun was beginning to protrude out of its center . 
 the stem of the flower curved tightly , grounding itself to the base of the door . 
 large thorns aligned themselves along the stem , protecting it from any harm . 
 a few small leaves were budding out of the stem , casting some shadows upon the base of the flower . 
 they were turned upward , reaching towards the sun bursting from the flower 's center . 
 i spent a few extra moments looking at the flower , admiring how much it centered me amidst the chaos in my heart . 
 after taking in as much as i could , i opened the door and stepped inside the room . 
 my little girl was sound asleep , clutching her ragged teddy bear for dear life on top of the covers . 
 i watched her sleep for a few minutes , seeing the worry on her face . 
 she began to mumble and toss in her sleep , but i refused to wake her . 
 i gently placed my hand on her shoulder , which seemed to calm her . 
 i hoped she 'd have better dreams knowing i 'd be there to protect her . 
 i stepped back and saw my chair at the base of the window nearby . 
 i walked over to it and faced it out towards the night sky . 
 the chair creaked as i fell into it . 
 i looked back to make sure i did n't wake my little girl . 
 she did n't stir from my presence in the room . 
 i turned back to the window and stared out into the star-streaked sky , wondering how light and beauty could still be present amidst all the ugliness going on . 
 i saw a large cloud cover rolling in over the mountains in the far right side of my view ; it had n't rained for a long time in our area . 
 that gave me some comfort , but i knew it could only be a foreshadowing of worse things to come . 
 i watched the storm clouds move in closer as the deep weight of sleep finally caught up to me . 
 tape # 12 thankfully , the attack did n't reduce our numbers drastically ; nine of us did n't made it through the night . 
 however , each individual loss carried great weight for us . 
 the death of the red haired woman 's father , the great leader of our company , hit everyone especially hard . 
 it hit the red haired woman and me the hardest of all . 
 the red haired woman and i secluded ourselves for hours after everything settled down ; we hid behind locked doors and calloused hearts . 
 my little girl tried to comfort me , but i could n't fully be there to take in her praises . 
 i recall snatches of being called a hero , and of her telling me that she knew the monsters would n't reach her because i 'd be standing in the way . 
 but that 's not what i wanted . 
 in those moments , what i really wanted was to hide myself away in the corners of my mind by placing thoughtful clutter between me and the world . 
 i wanted to disappear into the darkness of myself , losing myself in a perpetual game of hide and seek ; except i did n't want to be found . 
 i wanted to fade out of existence and be forgotten , leaving myself to shiver under the gathering dust that 'd find me . 
 after remaining in that comatose state for hours , i was finally able to carry on with necessary tasks with an unfeeling heart . 
 i felt cold to the world and everyone in it , but i tried to hide underneath hopeful remarks and diligent work . 
 after taking charge and delegating some tasks to others , i went to find the red haired woman . 
 i went to her room and knocked weakly on her door . 
 she knew it was me before i even said a word through the aged wood . 
 she opened the door slowly , hiding her face in the shadows of the room . 
 i did n't have to see her to know she looked like hell . 
 the silence between us said it all . 
 she reached a hand out towards me and let it hang limp in the air . 
 i gently placed my hand in hers ; i cringed as her icy skin stole the warmth from my body and let it evaporate into the air around us . 
 i grasped her hand tightly , hoping some sort of life could be kindled between the two of us . 
 she stepped back slowly as i walked into the room . 
 upon entering the room , the red haired woman closed the door behind me and locked it . 
 she held my hand tightly as she found a chair and stuck it underneath the doorknob for good measure . 
 then she led me to the side of her bed and sat me down . 
 i tried to mutter words of consolation as she stood before me , but she placed her finger over her mouth and gently shushed me . 
 she shook her head slightly , letting me know there was no need for words at that point . 
 after that , she gently placed herself in my lap and pulled my arms around her . 
 she curled into a ball within my embrace and let the silence penetrate the room . 
 she looked up at me with desolate eyes and gently whispered , `` just hold me . '' 
 then the red haired woman tucked her head into her chest and began to sob quietly . 
 i knew i was the only one who understood her devastation , and the dark depths of it . 
 i held her tight against my chest , hearing the lifeless beating of our hearts fill my ears . 
 i looked out into the sky through the window in the room ; the world was filled with grey , and it had taken on a disturbing gloom . 
 everything seemed depressed and broken . 
 as i sat there , i could hear the house groaning in discontent around me . 
 the old wood moaned underneath the clouds , begging for something to alleviate its pain . 
 i felt like hiding inside myself again , but i could n't do it alone ; i was tied to the red haired woman . 
 we both began to hide together , letting the darkness in our hearts fan the cold flame burning between us . 
 when we felt we could bear returning to the others downstairs , the red haired woman and i called a meeting . 
 at the meeting , we decided to hold a funeral in honor of those who died the night before . 
 everyone had a turn to say their goodbyes and give their eulogies . 
 it lasted for about an hour , and the service ended with the burning of the bodies . 
 we burned our dead separately from the dead infected , creating two burning heaps in the center of the courtyard . 
 i watched pillars of smoke reach into the air , creating a bridge from the earth to the heavens . 
 after the funeral , we called a second meeting in the main entrance of the house . 
 people seemed nervous standing in that space ; they looked around in grief at the dried blood streaks covering the house from top to bottom . 
 everyone huddled close together , inching into themselves to avoid the blood stains covering the ground . 
 the red haired woman and i called some of the main leaders of our company together and set up a quick plan for what we 'd do . 
 then there was a short greeting by an older man from our group atop the stairs , and the meeting was sent into full swing . 
 we all knew what had to be done : we needed to elect a new leader to give us a purpose and a direction . 
 the older man announced why we were all together , and who we thought the three candidates for leadership were . 
 it came down to three men : the older man doing the announcing , a younger man who had proved himself worthy through his intelligence , prowess , and countless successful missions , and me . 
 no one objected to the three men presented ; they were too busy wanting to escape the crime scene they were trapped in to put up a fight anyway . 
 there was n't a huge formality to the decision . 
 we had a vote to ultimately decide who would be our new leader . 
 surprisingly , it was unanimous . 
 it was a little slow at first as the hands trickled up , but soon the whole room , even the other candidates , had their hands raised in my favor . 
 the older man found my face in the crowd and called me upstairs to say something to the group . 
 i felt heavy as i left the hands of my little girl and the red haired woman to ascend the stairs . 
 with each step upward , i felt an invisible weight on my shoulders get heavier , digging into my back and pushing down on me . 
 i did , however , feel some sort of responsibility and honor . 
 i wondered : is this what the red haired woman 's father had felt every second of every day ? 
 is this what holding lives in the balance with every move and decision you make feels like ? 
 how would i know what the right thing to do was ? 
 i was so scared to fail them . 
 i was afraid i 'd make the decision that would either lead us to safety or have all of us die at the hands of the infected , or worse , each other . 
 i made it to the top of the stairs and came up to the banister overlooking the crowd . 
 i stared silently at every one of them , hoping that i 'd find words to say , but i had none . 
 after a few minutes of silence , a woman at the edge of the group shouted , `` well , what are you gon na do ? 
 where are we gon na go ? '' 
 another few began to question me , wondering what i 'd do to ensure our survival . 
 i looked down at the red haired woman ; she was holding my little girl tight against her side , looking up at me with fearful eyes as well . 
 i quickly took everything into account before i 'd make a decision . 
 we were running out of supplies , we had drained all of the areas , both near and far , of anything useful , the infected were on the move , inching closer and closer to our necks every day , our group only numbered twenty-two , we 'd lost our leader , and the only way to escape this hell , and possibly end up in another one , was through the blockade that 'd been set up at the beginning of the infection . 
 the blockade isolated us from the outside world , and what made it worse was that the infected took it over and retained dominion over it . 
 all around , we had no options , and worse of all , no hope . 
 i stood there frozen for a minute or so , taking all of those factors into account . 
 i knew there was nowhere in our area where the infected could n't reach us and that we could find adequate supplies in , but it would be a suicide mission to try to make it through the blockade , which seemed to be endless obstacle that separated us from the rest of civilization . 
 i 'd scouted it before with a group in search of supplies , and we almost lost our lives doing it . 
 i remember it well . 
 it was a secret mission that the red haired woman 's father had sent us on . 
 he lied to everyone else at base , saying that it was just a final search for supplies in an area we 'd already stripped clean . 
 i was with a group of seven others , and we were sent to see how bad the blockade had gotten before we tried to go to tuckerton . 
 we made it there under the cloak of night , ensuring some chance of passing through unseen by infected . 
 we made it to the base of the blockade 's high walls and threw ourselves over . 
 we landed softly on the other side and ran past a large series of chain linked fences that were laced with barbed wire all around . 
 after these , there was an open space for a mile or so that was filled with decomposing bodies and various military vehicles . 
 it held the memories of a battleground as blood covered the light brown soil and the sides of the vehicles ; there was a mix of infected and soldiers ' bodies , each toppled over each other . 
 i looked to my left and right ; the blockade spanned on endlessly in both directions , continuing on out of sight . 
 i imagined that it separated the whole world from us , permanently closing us off from the rest of humanity . 
 after trekking through that graveyard , there was a high metal wall with various holes in it . 
 i saw some gun nozzles poking out ; perhaps it 'd been some last line of defense for the humans against the infected . 
 it obviously had n't worked . 
 in the middle of the wall were two humongous metal doors that formed an entrance into the dark blockade before us . 
 we turned on some flashlights and hesitantly entered the facility . 
 once inside , we could only navigate by the light of our flashlights and the places where moonlight penetrated through tears in the metal frame above us . 
 it was dangerously quiet ; the only sounds that echoed through the metal halls were our own footsteps . 
 as we scanned the passing halls , one of my teammates located a map of the facility ; it was embedded on the ground of a room connected to a nearby hallway . 
 we took a second to look it over , taking in the enormity of the complex . 
 in the upper right corner of the map there was a scale of how big the complex was . 
 we estimated that it was six miles across , if one were to run straight through it . 
 i took out a few pieces of paper and a pencil , and used them to embed pieces of the map on each page . 
 i also numbered them to make sure we could replicate the image of the complex accurately . 
 i noticed there were various side hallways that could also achieve the journey from one side of the facility to the other ; it 'd just take a longer amount of time . 
 after taking down the images of the map , we moved on through the darkness . 
 we navigated around various piles of debris , some preventing us from going straight forward . 
 we were forced to use some of the side hallways , and were able to use the map images to keep us from getting lost . 
 after taking a large series of hallways to avoid a pile of destruction on the main path , we ended up back on our original trajectory . 
 we walked along the steel grating on the floor , being careful not to make too much noise . 
 after quietly moving along for some time , we saw the other side of the blockade far off in the distance . 
 i knew it was the other side because i could see a small slit in the wall from top to bottom , letting me see the full moon outside . 
 we continued towards it , making sure to stay cautious . 
 of course i had to be the one that botched the mission . 
 as we neared the exit , i heard a slight breath that seemed a little out of place on my far left side . 
 i had everyone turn off their flashlights , and i focused my flashlight in the direction of the sound . 
 i took a quick glance and immediately covered the light in my hand . 
 i saw two infected standing together , crouching as they faced the wall away from us . 
 i prayed that they had n't noticed the light that shone on them for a split second . 
 we waited for what seemed like an eternity for any movement or noise ; for anything prompting us to run or attack the two infected . 
 i faced my gun in the direction of the infected , preparing to fire upon them when i 'd shine my light again . 
 i turned my flashlight on , hoping they 'd remained stationary . 
 they had , but they were n't alone that time . 
 the flashlight revealed a group of at least ten infected , all rearing to attack . 
 their pale flesh contrasted the dried blood covering their bodies . 
 they were disgusting to behold as they heaved silently in the ray of light . 
 the foremost infected let out a shriek that filled the entire facility as i screamed for the group to run . 
 we made a run for the exit as we fired upon the infected . 
 i heard their hollow footsteps on the steel grating as we ran . 
 i focused my beam of light forward as i fired upon the infected nearby . 
 painful howls filled the air , reverberating off the metallic walls , signaling we hit them with some our fire . 
 as we ran , the slit in the metallic exit started closing . 
 it was getting smaller as we neared it , disappearing into nothing . 
 i focused my beam of light at the base of the doors , wondering what was trapping us in . 
 i was filled with anger as the light revealed an extremely large group of infected shutting the doors . 
 we were so close to the exit that i could see their white demonic eyes looking back at me with satisfaction . 
 i fired a few shots at them as i lashed out angrily with my words . 
 we had to think of something quickly to get out of that situation . 
 there was no way we could fight such an onslaught of infected . 
 my mind flashed back to the map i 'd traced ; there were a series of hallways that could take us back to the entrance , if we even had a chance of making it back . 
 we were trapped ; we had to try to make it back , or die trying . 
 i pulled a flash grenade from my pack and tossed it at the infected before me . 
 it went off as my group ducked into the hallway we needed to use to start our journey backwards . 
 we ran through a series of hallways , chased closely behind by the shrill cries of the infected . 
 we ended up in an arms room after another series of hallways ; i felt some relief as i grabbed a few grenades and had my teammates grab whatever arms they could carry . 
 we moved to the far side of the room and stopped . 
 the cries of the infected were beginning to fill the room we were in , and they were getting louder with each passing second . 
 i pulled the pin out of one of the grenades and held the trigger patiently . 
 i waited for a few seconds and then threw it into the middle of the room . 
 the room started to rumble as the infected got closer . 
 the very bones in my body seemed to rattle at the oncoming crowd . 
 i smiled with contempt when i saw the infected pour into the room . 
 the grenade went off at just the right moment , and i reveled in every second of it . 
 i saw the monsters flying against the walls at the force of the blast ; there was complete surprise on every one of their disgusting faces . 
 we entered the hallway back as the room crumbled down behind us , burying those monsters for good . 
 using various hallways and passing through other rooms , we gathered a few more supplies as we made our way back to the entrance . 
 after making it back to the main pathway , i saw the entrance to the facility . 
 i shone my flashlight on an extremely large pile of rubble behind us , which formed a wall comprised of cement and steel . 
 i turned to the entrance and strided on confidently . 
 as we came upon the doors to leave , i turned and saw another group of infected come pouring over the debris ' edge . 
 i grabbed another grenade , pulled the pin out , and threw it at the pile of debris . 
 we ran out across the battled plain as the explosion went off . 
 we leapt over bodies and dirt , and came to the chain fences as some more infected pursued us . 
 we turned and fired upon them as they funneled into the gates . 
 we killed all of them using our weapons and watched as the bodies piled up . 
 then all was silent ; i waited to hear more shrill cries fill the air , but none came . 
 we turned back in the direction of the base , making the journey homeward . 
 we traveled back through the night and ended up back at the base just after dawn . 
 as soon as we got back , we debriefed the red haired woman 's father outside of the house , relating everything that happened . 
 after hearing us out , he scratched the growing white stubble on his chin as he thought on everything he 'd heard . 
 after taking some time to think , he told us never to mention the mission to anyone . 
 he asked for the sketches i had , which i gave to him . 
 i saw him look them over , fold them in half , and stuff them into his pocket . 
 he said we 'd only use that route if we were beyond ourselves and were desperate enough to use it . 
 until then , no one could know what 'd happened . 
 we all agreed to keep the mission a secret , never speaking of it again . 
 after remembering all that happened during that operation , and all that happened during the attack last night , i looked into the faces of the seven men that 'd gone with me . 
 the decision seemed unanimous as i looked into each man 's eyes . 
 they nodded approvingly when they saw what i was thinking . 
 after seeing the unwavering faith in each of their eyes , i knew the next course of action . 
 i called out for silence and waited to tell the crowd what we were gon na do . 
 when the room became silent , all eyes were on me , anxiously waiting for the final decision . 
 everyone gasped in complete shock as i said , `` it 's settled . 
 we 're going through the blockade . '' 
 tape # 13 i was met with a largely negative response ; many called out in protest , calling my idea stupid . 
 some said they 'd rather die in the house over that death trap ; they argued that by staying in the house , we 'd make the infected come to us rather than going out to find them and offer up our lives . 
 i listened to their initial remarks and outcries with frustration . 
 it was no use trying to convince them as panic set in . 
 they thought that going to the blockade would corner us and lead us to our deaths , but they refused to see that we were already cornered right where we were . 
 it took a while to finally calm everyone enough to let me speak . 
 when they were ready to listen , i told them , `` we have no other options . 
 if we do n't try this , we 'll all die of starvation , or worse , at the hands of the infected . 
 would you really rather die here , helpless against the infected , when you had the chance to survive ? 
 that 's so selfish ! 
 we 're supposed to be trying to live ! 
 if we die like that , we may as well walk out there and offer those monsters our necks because they 'll have already won ! 
 i know it sounds crazy -- damn , i even think it 's a little crazy ! 
 but it 's something we have to try . 
 please , trust me . 
 it 's the only option we have left . '' 
 a man cried out against me , saying , `` you hypocrite ! 
 you 're doing the same thing our last leader did ! 
 you 're gon na kill us all ! '' 
 i defended myself , telling the group that the red haired woman 's father had tried to send us on a mission that would 've killed us all . 
 my plan was different ; mine would get us out of the hell we 'd been trapped in for so long , and , above all , mine had hope . 
 i geared my statement at their hearts , telling them how my hope was a hope for living , and for our future . 
 the crowd grew quiet , seeming to believe me . 
 the same man spoke up again , asking , `` how would you know that this could even work ? 
 nobody 's been to the blockade since the outbreak . 
 it 's probably rubble by now . 
 then our only way out would become a trap for all of us to walk into . '' 
 his accusation stumped me . 
 i 'd just asked those people to trust me , but i could n't say that i 'd been to the blockade before . 
 politics weighed on me as i tried to think of a response . 
 i felt like a lawyer all over again . 
 i scoffed at the thought . 
 but i was n't a lawyer anymore ; that was long gone . 
 i 'd lived , and still was , living in lies . 
 especially in the ones i kept telling myself . 
 they were so heavy ; i did n't have the strength to tell another one . 
 i got ready to give a confession , relaying the operation that 'd been conducted in detail . 
 as i opened my mouth , ready to speak , one of the seven men spoke out , claiming , `` i 've been there ! 
 i know we can do it . '' 
 the crowd parted , forming a ring around him as he stood alone in the middle . 
 he nodded at me , signaling for me to remain anonymous . 
 i consented grudgingly . 
 he continued on , `` i conducted an investigation under our previous leader with six other men . 
 we made it through the blockade and its main complex and returned with some resistance from infected . 
 it would be difficult , but not impossible . 
 if this is our only other option besides dying where we stand , i say we go for it . '' 
 upon saying this , the other six men from the mission came forward , affirming his words . 
 i looked on at their bravery , understanding that i had to be anonymous for this to work . 
 true , it was n't as picture perfect as they told it , but it had to be to get the people on our side . 
 i felt guilty standing there , pretending not to know , but i knew it was for the best . 
 i asked the group to give a brief overview of the mission so we could know what we 'd be up against . 
 they gave a quick watered-down version of our mission , making sure to tone down how many infected were there waiting for us . 
 their story scared some , but it looked as if it gave hope to many others . 
 after hearing their story , i said , `` i leave it up to the majority vote : we either make a last stand here , or we try to make it through the blockade . '' 
 the vote was close . 
 many were in favor of staying where we were , but the group of seven men won the vote in favor of going through the blockade . 
 i made the final announcement and said , `` it 's been decided . 
 we 're going through the blockade . 
 everyone get ready because we leave in three days . '' 
 after our fate had been decided , i assigned responsibilities in preparation for our departure . 
 we needed to make sure we were ready for anything that might come our way . 
 some people came forward , asking the group what was beyond the blockade . 
 they said it was a large forest full of beautiful green trees , and there was no doubt that a town could n't be far off . 
 that gave more hope to people , enabling them to support leaving the house . 
 one skeptic asked for proof that they 'd been there . 
 the men pointed out the guns and other supplies we 'd brought back , but that did n't satisfy her . 
 i noticed that the red haired woman stood nearby , eavesdropping on the conversation . 
 one of the men spoke about the drawings that i 'd taken , claiming them as his own , and how the red haired woman 's father had taken them . 
 after the sentence left his lips , the red haired woman turned and came right up to him . 
 she said , `` i think i 've seen them . 
 my dad had a couple of drawings that he 'd take out from time to time . 
 whenever i 'd ask about them , he 'd tell me they were gibberish and none of my concern . 
 that was n't like him at all : he always included me in everything . 
 one day , i got a good look at them . 
 they looked like pictures of floor plans . 
 i never saw them again ; he always put them in a different hiding place so i would n't find them . '' 
 i asked her if she knew where they were now , but she did n't . 
 then i had her go up to his room to look for them . 
 as she looked for them , i sent my little girl to pack her things and get ready while i finished preparing larger tasks that needed to be done . 
 the red haired woman came back about half an hour later , plans in hand . 
 i called the group of seven men alongside myself , the red haired woman , and a few others to look at the plans . 
 we arranged the faded drawings in order , constructing the floor plan of the complex . 
 the group that 'd gone pointed out the access points that we could use to get through , avoiding as many infected as possible . 
 they pointed out the areas where the debris was blocking the way , where we 'd have to use hallways to get around . 
 when they pointed out the room i blew up with a grenade as an unusable route , i blushed a little bit . 
 we spent quite a while going over the plans and making sure we all understood how everything was structured . 
 then we formed a plan sorting out how we 'd go through the complex . 
 after going through that critical part of preparation , we dispersed , starting on the other tasks that needed to be undertaken . 
 the first two days of preparation went smoothly , allowing everyone to leave behind anything unnecessary for survival . 
 i decided to have a sort of final supper on the third night , saying a farewell to those we 'd lost , the base we 'd called home for so long , and also taking time to have hope in our future . 
 around midday on the final day , we were all set to go . 
 some people had been delegated to prepare the meal , and everyone was ready to eat by the time it came around . 
 as soon as it was ready , we were called in to wash up for supper . 
 as i was lingering behind , putting some final touches on the supplies we 'd prepared outside , my little girl came up to me , trying to pull me aside . 
 when i asked her what was wrong , she told me that she could n't tell me ; all she could do was show me . 
 i grabbed her delicate hand as she pulled me into the house . 
 she dragged me through the people standing in the main space of the house , leading me all the way back to our room ; she really wanted to show me something . 
 once we 'd entered the room , she told me to sit down on the bed and close my eyes . 
 i trustingly closed them , waiting for whatever surprise she 'd show me . 
 i heard some shuffling and giggling as the girl crossed the room and returned to where i sat . 
 she placed something crisp in my hands and said , `` okay , open your eyes ! '' 
 i opened my eyes , looking down into my hands . 
 it was a new picture she 'd drawn , but it was different from the others . 
 most of her pictures were of animals playing or angry infected being killed by me , but this one was a picture of an ugly looking man in a pink and green jumpsuit . 
 he had a victorious smile on his face as he leapt through the sky . 
 a bright trail of colors was following him , seeming to propel him through the sky . 
 the sky surrounding him was light blue and filled with white puffy clouds . 
 a smiling sun was in the right hand corner , encouraging the hero to fly higher . 
 i instinctively turned the picture over , knowing i 'd see my little girl 's signature , illegibly written , on the back . 
 instead of seeing what i 'd expected , i saw something that nearly tore my heart in two . 
 on the back of the paper , there was a note written in large letters . 
 it read : `` you 'll always be my hero ! '' 
 underneath , my name was written in large pink and green letters . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 the little girl asked . 
 at that moment i realized that tears were streaming down my face . 
 they were hitting the picture , blurring the light blue sky and the clouds together . 
 i looked up into her eyes , which were beginning to fill with tears . 
 `` you do n't like it ? '' 
 she asked in a cracked voice . 
 i immediately placed the drawing on the bed and wrapped the little girl in my arms . 
 i whispered in her ear , `` i love it . 
 i absolutely love it . '' 
 i pulled the little girl back and let her stand in front of me again . 
 we both wiped the streaming tears from our eyes as we laughed weakly . 
 after a moment of collecting ourselves , the little girl gave me a big smile and said , `` i made that for you . 
 you can always remember that you 're my hero and my best friend . 
 i wanted you to have it before we leave the base tomorrow and find a nicer place to be . '' 
 i thanked the girl again and almost began to cry for a second time . 
 we heard the red haired woman 's voice calling us down to dinner . 
 the little girl gave me a loving look and then bolted out the door in the direction of the stairs . 
 i stayed and took a longer to look at the drawing . 
 tears welled up in my eyes once again , landing on the paper and blurring more of the sky and its white clouds . 
 i folded the picture into a smaller piece and tucked it into my pocket . 
 more hot tears came down my face , landing in my open hands . 
 i could see the moisture in my tears cleanse my dirty hands , revealing streaks of my skin against the dark dirt . 
 my heart hurt , but i think it was a good hurt that time . 
 it hurt in a pleasurable way , making me feel like i 'd gained something that was stitching its way into my body and filling the empty chasm of my heart . 
 i sat there for a few more moments , reveling in that pleasurable pain . 
 then i stood up , wiped my eyes , and headed downstairs for dinner . 
 i do n't really want to talk about what happened next , but i know i must . 
 this is why i 'm doing this . 
 i need to let the pain out somewhere , or else it 's gon na kill me . 
 i can sense it eating me up , infecting me , and killing me with its cancer . 
 i can feel my heart tearing apart all over again as i prepare to tell this final part of the journey . 
 hold on , let me collect myself ... ... ... ... i ca n't . 
 i ca n't pull myself back together enough to say this without it wounding me and giving me fresh pain . 
 damn . 
 okay , i 'm just gon na let it hurt . 
 i 'll tell you what happened . 
 it all started with the dream from before , a bad omen for sure . 
 it 'd come and gone since it first started occurring , but that time it felt too real . 
 i lived every second of it . 
 i even felt the end , when i swallowed myself whole . 
 there was only one difference : i did the swallowing ! 
 i was the monster ! 
 a voice came to me in the darkness , laughing at me and telling me , `` i 'm proud of you . 
 you 're the monster . 
 you 're the evil . 
 now you know who you really are . '' 
 then i felt the darkness close in on me , crushing my soul and consuming its remains . 
 i woke up in such a painful and frenzied state that i could n't sleep anymore . 
 i got up and went to the chair by the window . 
 my whole body shook with fear as i looked at the sky outside . 
 it was completely covered in dark clouds , blanketing the sky overhead . 
 i wished i could 've seen the bright stars and moon i was used to , but all i found was the sprinkling of a heavy rain . 
 i tried to sit and think for a while , but the dark thoughts that resurfaced were too much to handle . 
 i needed to distract myself somehow ; i got dressed and grabbed my backpack and my little girl 's pack that were sitting by the door . 
 i left the room , deciding to let my little girl get some more sleep before we departed in a few hours . 
 i carried the packs down to the front door and set them down . 
 i took a second to take a final look at the house . 
 the streaks of blood had dried completely , becoming a natural part of it . 
 the house was screaming out silently but painfully , making me nervous . 
 i decided to go outside and watch the falling rain . 
 the sound of rain had always comforted me , and i knew i needed some small piece of comfort as i prepared to leave . 
 i opened the door to the covered porch and steps , taking in the fresh smell of the moisture in the air . 
 i looked to my right and saw the red haired woman sitting in a chair , her back against the wall . 
 i walked over and sat in a chair next to her . 
 `` it has n't rained in such a long time around here that i forgot what rain was '' she said , looking off into the distance . 
 i agreed as i adjusted myself and sat heavily in my chair . 
 she looked over at me with a worried expression on her face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , pretending not to know what she was thinking . 
 `` you had the dream again , did n't you ? '' 
 she asked , already knowing the answer . 
 i looked out into the distance , ashamed to meet her gaze . 
 she continued on , `` it 's a dangerous dream , you know . 
 you ca n't run from yourself forever . '' 
 she paused for a second , and then said , `` was something different about it this time ? '' 
 i was shocked by her intuition , scared that she could see me for who i really was . 
 i hesitantly told her about it , and how i 'd been the monster this time . 
 she said , `` that 's a bad sign . 
 something 's wrong with you , or with everything going on around you . 
 you need to make sure you 're careful . '' 
 i nodded silently , trying to accept her words . 
 then we became quiet and watched the falling raindrops hitting ground in front of us . 
 the cloud cover spanning the sky made me uncomfortable , causing my injuries , past and recent , to ache slightly . 
 maybe i was just getting old . 
 we sat together in silence until it was time for us to leave . 
 everyone woke up promptly , ready to go . 
 some seemed hesitant to leave , but others seemed confident for what could be on the other side of the blockade . 
 everyone had their supplies with them and waited for some final words before we parted . 
 i saw the seven men at the front of the group , with my little girl , the red haired woman , and my little girl 's `` big sister '' right behind . 
 they all looked at me confidently , accepting my trust and giving me courage . 
 i gave everyone a final address in the doorway , letting the sound of the rain fill the room . 
 i said , `` i know by now that you 've noticed it 's raining . 
 it has n't rained in a very long time around here , so i guess it can be taken as a sign . 
 what does rain do , really ? 
 it 's a cleansing and growing agent that harbors life . 
 think about it : if it were raining inside , all of those blood stains on the walls would be washed away . 
 right now all of the blood on the outside is being cleansed , making our house clean . 
 it 's also helping things grow . 
 every plant in the forest and field nearby is getting a nice long drink to quench its thirst . 
 that 'll let new plants spring from the ground , and life will continue on . 
 i 'm asking that everyone here would let it rain in their hearts . 
 i want all of us to be cleansed of our grief and pain while being quenched with hope . 
 we ca n't do that here , in this house , which has seen so much death and bloodshed . 
 i know every single one of you can hear the screams of the infected and our fallen friends as you pass through the halls and every room here . 
 that 's why we have to leave ; we need to find a place where we can begin anew and grow , leaving the past behind . 
 i 'm not saying to forget all that 's happened ; all i 'm saying is that we need to leave and let our wounds finally close up . 
 we do n't need to remain here to remember those we 've lost because we carry them in our minds and hearts every day . 
 take a second to look at the rain clouds covering the sky . 
 they look gloomy , do n't they ? 
 that 's where we are now . 
 but think about it this way ; if we leave the dark covering above our heads , we 'll be able to find the sunshine we long for once again . 
 we have to leave now . 
 we have to uproot our family from this place so we can find the sun once again . 
 i was chosen to be your leader , and i think this is what 's for the best . 
 i 'm asking you to trust me as i try to lead us somewhere where a new chapter of our lives can begin ... ... that 's all i really had to say . '' 
 it was silent for some time after i finished speaking . 
 i scanned the group before me ; there were tears in their eyes . 
 everyone before me seemed to understand what i 'd been trying to say . 
 i felt uncomfortable standing in front of them , waiting for some sort of response to let me know if they were behind me or not . 
 a woman who 'd lost her husband in the fighting during the attack passed through the crowd and came up to me . 
 she was a woman about my age ; she looked older because of the time she 'd spent grieving for her husband over the past few days . 
 she was a little bit shorter than me and had long blond hair . 
 she once had emerald green eyes that shone like jasmine , but their sparkle had faded . 
 losing someone who 's supposed to be your other half , and all that you have left of a life before the infection , will do that to you . 
 she had a dry , cracked face that housed a whimpering frown . 
 she had long streaks of tears running down her face , meeting together at her chin , making rivulets that traveled down her neck . 
 she stood in front of me for a moment , then threw her arms around my neck . 
 she held me tight and whispered in my ear , `` he would 've trusted you , so i will too . '' 
 that made some fresh tears collect in my own eyes , but i managed to hold them back . 
 she held me for a little longer , then let me go , standing there before me . 
 i noticed that everyone else had surrounded us , bringing the whole family close . 
 others came up to me one by one with tears in their eyes , and told me that they 'd trust me as i tried to lead them . 
 it was an emotional time , giving me confidence as their leader as i wept alongside them . 
 after everyone had a chance to calm themselves , i came back in front of our family . 
 there was no need for words as i looked into every one of their faces . 
 i felt like i was going to cry again as i said , `` thank you so much . 
 i will do my best for you and those we love . 
 let 's go . '' 
 it took a little while for us to leave , knowing that we 'd never return to the house again . 
 i made sure everyone double-checked that they had everything they absolutely needed . 
 the rain outside was still sprinkling down , signifying that we still had time before the real downpour began . 
 after assuring ourselves we had all that we needed , those of us who could carry weapons grabbed them , and we went outside . 
 the small droplets of water felt nice and cool on my face and arms as i walked out into the open . 
 i took in the view from the front of the house one last time ; i saw over the brick wall , off into the horizon . 
 it was a blur of gray and green as heaven met earth in what seemed the far corner of the world . 
 the forest grounded me , allowing me to see it in its enormity . 
 the gray in the sky seemed so meaningless ; it looked as if the world had n't finished being created , making the horizon the edge of the world where i 'd fall off into grey nothingness . 
 i took a second to think about our orientation ; we were a group of twenty-two that could move at a decent pace . 
 the blockade , surprisingly , was only a day and a half 's journey northward at a good pace , ensuring we 'd reach it at the peak of the storm , or any time after it 'd begun . 
 i felt a small surge of confidence as i recalled that it took my group only half a day to reach it when we were sent on the mission to explore the blockade . 
 we came to the large steel gates of our base and slowly opened them , letting the world take complete form in front of us . 
 the muddled image of gray and green welcomed us , prompting us to forever leave the base we 'd called home . 
 we left the confines of the brick wall and looped around to the backside of the base , heading northward . 
 we walked away from the base and into the forest , and i refused to look back . 
 if i looked back at it , even despite all of its tragedy and pain , i could still see it as a fragile security . 
 if i looked back , i would 've returned to it , never attempting to complete the final mission through the blockade . 
 i fought myself as i led the group into the forest . 
 everything within me seemed to signal back in the southern direction , right back into the arms of the base and its high walls . 
 i eventually won myself out , holding on until the house was out of view , and lost in the trees and the gray in the sky . 
 i focused on the low pitter-patter of the rain hitting the leaves as i led the group through the brush . 
 my blood cudgeled within me as i tried to face the fact that we were getting closer to the blockade . 
 it was the final obstacle that stood in our way . 
 making it through it was our last shot at survival . 
 i recollected what i 'd seen on my previous visit there , and my anxiety increased with every step in that direction . 
 i knew it would n't be easy trying to get through that breeding ground for those monsters . 
 we 'd made it sound so simple to accomplish when we told the others , but i knew the truth : it truly was the pit of hell . 
 there was nothing there but death and destruction . 
 there was no way of telling how bad it 'd become over time . 
 i imagined the infected waiting patiently behind the black walls of the blockade , ready to exact their revenge upon us . 
 i tried to be hopeful in my mind , and ran through the plan we 'd formed using the diagram of the blockade 's facility . 
 it seemed like a cake walk on paper . 
 however , i felt the creatures ' watching us , waiting for us to enter into their domain . 
 my angst grew as a thousand pale and hungry faces flashed through my mind . 
 i kept re-running the plan in my mind , telling myself that we were capable . 
 i believed we were capable of getting through ; i truly believed we 'd find the home we had always sought . 
 we would 've been home , our real home . 
 we 'd be safe from all of the things we had suffered on our side of the world . 
 it was unrealistic to believe that there 'd be no difficulty over on the other side of the blockade , but i had to believe that it truly was what we were seeking . 
 i had to believe and convince myself that this future was worth fighting , and maybe even dying , for . 
 if it was n't , then there was no point to look to that hope or purpose . 
 it would mean that we were just fodder for the animals , doomed to live painfully until death came for us at the hands of the infected . 
 i led on silently as we continued through the forest , passing clearings , streams , and trees . 
 i tried to distract my increasing anxiety by listening carefully to the rustling of the leaves beneath my feet and the growing sound of the rain on the forest 's roof to no avail . 
 my stomach continued to sink into my chest , becoming a lead ball that weighed me down with every step closer to the blockade i got . 
 night began to creep into the forest , dimming the world around us . 
 the shadows of the forest got longer and twisted , turning the serene forest into a horrid place full of gnarled , evil plants . 
 the rain was getting harder as well , leaking through the roof above us and hitting our backs . 
 i was getting ready to have us stop for the night as the darkness descended further , making it difficult to see . 
 apparently our group had moved at a better pace than i thought . 
 right when i was at the point of having us stop , it came into view . 
 at the edge of the trees , i saw the blockade off in the distance . 
 it was atop a large hill , with a paved road leading up to its entrance . 
 it looked like a dark tower before us , standing in our way and preventing us from trespassing any further upon its territory . 
 i lost myself in its evil for a second , realizing that fear was beginning to cripple me and sap my strength . 
 i came to when a hand grabbed my shoulder . 
 i turned around and met the face of one of the men who 'd been to the blockade before . 
 he asked , `` should we stop here for the night ? 
 we need to rest up and be ready for tomorrow . '' 
 i nodded hollowly , consenting to his suggestion . 
 he looked at my questioningly , wondering what i 'd do next . 
 when he saw i 'd stepped out of space and time , lost in myself , he took charge in having the group stop and set up a camp for the night . 
 he had them use some of our materials to make a roof above us to protect us from the rain . 
 those without weapons sat in the middle of our camp and guarded the supplies , and those with weapons formed a circle around the camp to watch over everyone through the night . 
 i finally centered myself and began to contribute . 
 i set up various watches for the night , in case any infected came around . 
 after setting up camp , we had a meal prepared . 
 we ate a stew of potatoes , carrots , chicken , cabbage , corn , and peas . 
 it was seasoned perfectly with salt , pepper , and a bit of paprika . 
 why i specifically remember the meal , i still do n't know . 
 we toasted our steaming bowls , hopefully anticipating the passage through the blockade and finding freedom on the other side . 
 after eating heartily , everyone went to sleep as the darkness consumed us , coating the world in pitch black . 
 i could n't tell where i ended and the darkness began . 
 everything was connected together by the bonds of darkness . 
 it was all black , and it was all evil . 
 it seemed so foreboding as i sat there , trying to make out the blockade as my eyes tried to adjust . 
 i looked off into the darkness tiredly , and i knew i would n't sleep that night . 
 if i slept , the dream would come , and i felt that if i had to experience it one more time , it would break me . 
 i listened to the sounds of the night : owls hooting , rain pounding over us , and the small whisper of the wind in my ear . 
 i watched the night as the red haired woman slept on my shoulder , repeatedly waking up to make sure i was faring well . 
 i told her i was fine each time , and i could tell she did n't believe me for even half a second . 
 still , she left me to my worry , preparing herself for the day ahead . 
 we did n't have any trouble that night as we kept a vigil watch over ourselves , waiting for the dawn to greet us . 
 i was the first one to see the morning light as the new day approached . 
 not only did the gray blanket in the sky begin to light up , but i saw the sun , even if it was for only a second . 
 there was a small tear in the sky 's stitching that let the sun 's rays hit earth for a split second . 
 its rays landed before me , hitting the grass just outside of the forest 's borders . 
 it hit a small patch of grass , and the blades that the sun touched seemed to come alive in that short moment . 
 they stopped their bend of depression and reached out for the sun , begging it to come down to them . 
 they looked as if they were trying to uproot themselves as they desperately tried to reach the sun . 
 i watched this phenomenon for as long as it endured . 
 as soon as the sun faded away into the clouds , the sun-kissed grass blades sunk low to the ground , even lower than the ones that had n't beheld the sun . 
 i studied and thought about that for a while , trying to understand what all that could mean . 
 maybe it was some sort of sign . 
 who knows ? 
 as the sky lit up further , allowing me to distinguish between the gray sky and the depressed earth , everyone started to get up and prepare for our departure . 
 we had a small breakfast of the leftover stew and finished getting our supplies together . 
 when the group was all set and gathered together , i came before them and said , `` okay everybody , this is it . 
 this is the last time we 'll have to see any more of this place . 
 on the other side of the blockade is the place we 'll be able to call our home . 
 make sure we all stick together and help each other through this . '' 
 i saw the angst in everyone ; i could especially feel it in myself . 
 i tried to suppress it as i continued on , `` we 've made it this far , and we 're all gon na make it through , every single one of us . 
 i swear it . 
 we 're a family , and family sticks together , no matter what . 
 okay everyone , let 's get going . '' 
 i led the group to the blockade 's high walls . 
 we walked alongside them until we came to their small entrance . 
 there was a chain linked fence covered in barbed wire that acted as a doorway . 
 on the other side of it , there was a small booth that had dried blood splattered across its interior . 
 i climbed over the wall next to it with another man who watched my back . 
 i went into the booth and tried to open the gate , but there was no power . 
 the other man used his crowbar to open the doorway for everyone . 
 i continued to lead the group past the series of chained fences that were laced with barbed wire all around . 
 i saw bones wedged in between each pair of gates . 
 they probably belonged to various infected that 'd gotten trapped or killed there . 
 the skeletons of the infected we 'd killed from the time before were n't lying there in a pile , which worried me . 
 still , i tried to let that small detail go as i led us to the open plain of wasteland . 
 there seemed to be more bones scattered about the ground than i could remember , which made the lead ball in my stomach grow heavier . 
 i reached down and grabbed a nearby skull . 
 it was covered in scratches and deep bite marks . 
 i almost vomited when the answer hit me . 
 the infected were eating each other ! 
 i threw the skull down in disgust and scanned the wasteland before me . 
 where i saw a graveyard of fallen souls , they 'd see a buffet for the masses . 
 images took shape before me ; i saw the infected devouring each other and the decayed bodies of soldiers . 
 how could such evil exist ? 
 how could those demons do such a thing ? 
 they truly were animals that only fed on their hate , each other , and us humans . 
 i looked at the other men . 
 they had bones in their hands and were looking back at me . 
 we all understood what had taken place over time as the humans ran out . 
 we looked at each other with pity and disgust . 
 we were the only ones who knew ; no one else needed to know the diabolical nature of the infected . 
 i threw the skull down and led the group through the open wasteland as quickly as possible , rushing past the remaining skeletons in our path . 
 after passing some blood-splattered cars , we came before the doors of the blockade . 
 to my surprise , they were wide open . 
 they were the doors to hell itself ; they were clawing at us , attempting to pull us into its hateful stomach . 
 they were smeared with dried blood , eagerly waiting to paint themselves with ours . 
 we stopped before them , and the group patiently waited for me to make a move . 
 i had such fear in my heart that i felt as though i were being torn apart by the very seams of my body . 
 i tried to move , but felt as if i could only crawl . 
 i cautiously stepped forward into the main entrance of the blockade , my descent into darkness . 
 my feet echoed on the metallic floor of death as the darkness sucked me in . 
 i stopped and listened . 
 there was no sound ; nothing at all . 
 even the silence was hiding from the unknown lurking there , from the evil that i could feel emanating from the very walls of the place . 
 i could only smell destruction ; it smelled of the chaos of death and war and evil all in one rank smell . 
 i stood there , paralyzed , waiting for the darkness to consume me . 
 i strained to see before me , and was barely able to thanks to the tears in the ceiling above . 
 they allowed the light of the gray sky to make its way into the blockade and guide my eyes . 
 a voice came from behind me , asking , `` are you okay ? '' 
 i stood there , unable to move . 
 the red haired woman came before me with a concerned look on her face . 
 i looked into her eyes for a second , regaining some strength , and said , `` yeah , i was just thinking about the plan to get through this place . '' 
 she clearly did n't believe me , but she said , `` okay ... ... perhaps we should get moving . '' 
 i agreed with her and turned around , facing the group . 
 they were still waiting , eager to hear my command . 
 i called them before me , begging them to enter . 
 they stumbled in and stopped before me . 
 i turned around and took in the complex before me . 
 there was a humongous pile of rubble blocking the main path ; it started at the ground and reached almost all the way to the roof . 
 it was taller than i remembered , probable due to the grenade i 'd thrown last time . 
 i looked to my right . 
 there was a room that was mostly buried in debris and a service ladder that 'd been torn apart ; it led to a metal walk between the roof and the floor , creating a path past the rubble , but it was too far to reach . 
 on my left was the way we needed to go . 
 it was a small hallway that led to multiple others , eventually leading to the center of the complex . 
 i called the group of men from before , the red haired woman , and a few others to me . 
 we huddled together and went through our plan one last time . 
 we would take the first series of hallways to the central hub of the blockade , and then decide from there which way was the most effective for getting us through the other half . 
 based on the papers , we determined that there were four main hallways that led to other rooms and hallways , and each led to the other side of the blockade . 
 at least we had options . 
 we 'd already decided that we 'd only split up if we absolutely had to , but we had to avoid that at all costs ; it would be too easy to take us out in smaller groups . 
 after running through our plan once more , we were ready to move . 
 i turned back to the group and had them follow us through the first hallway . 
 as we began to walk , i felt a small hand slip its way into mine . 
 i looked to my left and found my little girl looking at me with a wide grin on her face . 
 `` i want to go with you '' she said in her beautiful voice that could move mountains . 
 i clutched her hand and refused to let it go . 
 since she was with me , i had us walk behind the other men , letting them lead us through . 
 we passed through three or four hallways dimly lit by the light coming through the ceiling . 
 the only sounds i heard were the slow dripping of water and our heavy breathing . 
 the sounds bounced off the walls made of stone and steel , filling the hallways as we crept through . 
 after those few lit hallways , everything went black . 
 the only lights that guided us were the flashlights that we had , and they provided us with weak beams of light at that . 
 the hallways seemed long and tedious to travel through , forming a maze that could be harboring danger at every turn . 
 i used my flashlight to look at the plans of the complex , making sure we were on track with our plan and avoiding as many dead ends as possible . 
 we seemed to be on course , with only a few more long halls to pass through . 
 we turned the final corner and found ourselves in the heart of the complex . 
 it was a command center of sorts , completely fitted out with technology . 
 there were computers and consoles everywhere ; they covered the floor and the ceiling . 
 rows of desks were covered in wires and rusted equipment . 
 even though all of the technology was probably way out of date , it still felt new to me . 
 a spark flashed into my mind as we scavenged the room , looking for any useful materials . 
 what if we could find a computer that worked ? 
 maybe we could get a message to someone for aid , or at least find out if anyone was even alive anymore . 
 i scanned the consoles , passing over the ones with broken screens and missing parts . 
 most of the computers were broken or did n't turn on when i pressed the power button . 
 i went from computer to computer , praying to find just one that turned on . 
 i had a few others join in the hunt , looking for a usable computer . 
 others in the room scavenged from the corpses on the floor , calling out any items they found . 
 i half-listened to these shouts as we continued to look for anything to turn on . 
 i came across a few computers that were smeared with blood on a console at the front of the room . 
 i jammed the power button into the console . 
 nothing happened . 
 i called out to the others helping me , asking if they had any luck . 
 they all replied with hesitant no 's . 
 i slammed my fist on the keyboard with defeat , causing a few keys to fly from the board and clatter on the floor . 
 i turned and looked to my little girl , who was standing beside me . 
 she looked up at me hopefully and said , `` it 's okay , we can still get out of here . 
 we do n't need the computers . '' 
 i looked at her and smiled . 
 she was right . 
 i took her hand in mine and started to walk away . 
 as we stepped away , a whirring sound began to fill the room . 
 everyone stopped and listened as the room groaned in the dense silence of the complex . 
 a spark of hope flared in my chest as some of the monitors came to life , lighting up the dense darkness of the room . 
 i immediately called out for a person to get on every working computer , looking for anything that could help us send a message to the outside world . 
 i returned to one of the blood stained computers and typed in various commands into the system . 
 it slowly responded , pulling up various tabs of information . 
 i scanned through them quickly , reading through operations and protocols related to the outbreak so long ago . 
 finally , i came across an emergency response system that had direct communications between the central complex and the military . 
 this system fell under a tab called shadow-man . 
 i stopped and called out to the others , asking if they found anything useful . 
 they tried for a while , but were unable to find anything . 
 i called them over to me to see if i 'd found anything viable . 
 they crowded around me , looking at what i 'd found . 
 i decided to send a message to the command , asking about the status of the outbreak . 
 we waited hesitantly around the computer for a response . 
 after a few moments , a return message came back . 
 my eyes grew wide with surprise as i read the message out loud . 
 it read , `` what is the status of your situation ? '' 
 i looked around as the others encouraged me to send another message telling them about our situation . 
 i typed a message relating how horrible conditions had gotten in our area , the decrepit nature of the complex , and our plans to get through the blockade . 
 i was patted on the back as we waited for another response . 
 chatter buzzed around my head ; everyone was hopeful that the military would come and save us . 
 what pains me the most is how everything fell apart with the next message . 
 i 'm so angry that those who were supposed to help us turned on us , just like the infected . 
 i 'm filled with contempt for them and what they did . 
 the red haired woman tells me that i need to forgive , to try to understand . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i hate them , even more than i 'll ever hate the infected . 
 those bastards sent us into the jaws of death and wrote our end . 
 the next message blipped onto the screen before us . 
 i read it to myself and slammed my fists on the console in anger . 
 i turned to those around me as their hope faded . 
 the red haired woman yelled out , `` there 's no way they can do this ! 
 it 's murder ! 
 the bastards ! '' 
 a few of those waiting by the doors called out , asking what happened . 
 i fell down to my knees as the alarms started to go off , filling the room with intolerable noise and flashing red lights . 
 the message flashed before me , fueling a fire of hatred inside of me . 
 i read it once again , trying in some way to understand what they were thinking , sentencing us to death like that . 
 the message looked back at me , relaying the fact that the military had forsaken us by initiating operation failsafe , which would shut down the complex on the military 's side , locking us on our side of the blockade and preventing us from reaching theirs . 
 the whole complex seemed to crumble as the protocols took place . 
 the procedure they were taking came up on the screen : they 'd let the steel-locked doors on their side go down . 
 then they 'd bar up their side , shutting down the blockade . 
 i stood up , left my little girl 's hand , and started smashing the technology with my fists , my machete , chairs , and anything i could find . 
 i screamed out amidst the wailing sirens , hating everyone and everything in that moment . 
 i went into a rage , destroying any piece of technology in my path . 
 i do n't know how long i did this , but i found myself against one of the cold stone walls , crying out angrily as i pounded the floor with my fists . 
 the red haired woman came up to me and kicked me hard in the stomach . 
 she pulled me up , yelling above the sirens , `` get up ! 
 we do n't have time for this ! 
 we have to get out of here ! '' 
 i stopped myself and collected my gear . 
 she pushed me forward , telling me to start giving out commands . 
 i took charge and sent a few people to see if everything had been closed off ahead . 
 i had some others bar the doors on our side . 
 they stacked desks , tables , computers , and whatever else they could find in the hallway , closing us off from the rest of the complex . 
 a few minutes later , the men i 'd sent returned , verifying that steel doors were in the way , locking us in . 
 i immediately had them disable the wailing sirens so i could think . 
 dense silence filled the room again , and the leftover monitors provided us with some light . 
 i stationed men at both doors , just in case the infected came near . 
 i called some people to me so we could form a plan . 
 i looked over to the red haired woman , who was cradling my little girl in her arms as i spoke . 
 we tried to come up with options , but only found two : we could go back the way we came in , or we could try to find some another way out through the roof or a service tunnel . 
 we looked around on the floors and ceilings for a hatch , and we found a panel that allowed access to the vents above us . 
 first , we decided we 'd try to make our way back the same way we 'd come in . 
 if that failed , then we 'd use the vents to lead us back to the entrance . 
 i called everyone to me , except those at the doors , and told them our plan . 
 we frantically prepared to depart , gathering everything together . 
 i told the men who barricaded us into the room to tear the wall down . 
 a large crash broke the silence as tables and computer modules fell to the floor . 
 as we prepared to leave the room , a rumbling sound filled the room . 
 i hushed everyone , trying to hear the sound more clearly . 
 it got louder with each passing second , almost as if a tidal wave were coming down upon us . 
 the red haired woman told the two men guarding the door to check out the noise . 
 the men picked up some flashlights and vanished into the darkened hallway . 
 after a few seconds , the rumbling got low , crawling along the floors of the complex . 
 then horrible screams filled the room over the sound of the rumbling , causing everyone in the room to panic . 
 that could only mean danger for us . 
 i sent two other men after them , who hesitantly obeyed my orders and disappeared as well . 
 i turned back to the others and told them , `` we have to go through the vents ; it 's our only way out . '' 
 the others unanimously agreed with me . 
 i grabbed a tall table and placed it underneath the vent access door . 
 i pulled the heavy grating off of the ceiling and threw it down on a nearby desk , breaking it and the computers that were on top . 
 the loud crash forced everyone to turn back towards the unguarded door , which remained dormant . 
 i got down from the table and had another man take my place . 
 i had him start pulling people up into the vents , telling them to make their way back to the entrance of the facility . 
 i grabbed a flashlight , unsheathed my machete , and called three other men to me . 
 we had to see what 'd happened to the others that disappeared . 
 they grabbed their weapons and another flashlight as we headed to the door . 
 one of the men stopped me , telling me he 'd lead the way . 
 i disagreed with him , but when the others told me let him lead , i passively accepted . 
 i turned around and looked at everyone being lifted into the vents . 
 i saw my little girl getting on the table with the red haired woman ; both of them looked at me with worry , silently asking me if i 'd be okay . 
 i nodded , affirming i 'd meet up with them again . 
 i looked around at the base of the table ; most of us had been sent into the vents to escape . 
 that gave me some relief as we prepared to search for the others we 'd lost . 
 the men asked if i was ready as i turned back to face them . 
 i consented and we snuck over to the doorway . 
 when we reached the hallway , the low tone of the rumbling seemed to grab our feet and pull us in the direction of those who 'd gone before us . 
 one of the men let the weak beam of light lead our eyes down the long hallway ; it did n't even reach halfway . 
 we looked at each other reluctantly , wondering if this was a good idea . 
 the lead man shrugged his shoulders and walked into the darkness . 
 the rest of us could do nothing but follow . 
 as we walked , the rumbling in the hallway increased in pitch and strength . 
 it became more of a loud squeal as we stopped to listen . 
 the hallway seemed to shake all around us as the sound increased quickly . 
 shrieks bounced off of the cold walls , sending a shiver down my spine , and preventing all of us from moving . 
 the sound got louder and louder , ringing in our ears . 
 i felt as if my brain were melting and leaking out of my head . 
 all of a sudden , the sounds stopped . 
 the dark silence of the hallway stood in between us and whatever was lurking in the shadows . 
 we waited , staring into the abyss before us , waiting for any movement or sound . 
 everything told me to run , not looking back , but i was glued to my spot , immobilized by fear . 
 the silence broke as we heard a tearing sound in the dark . 
 it echoed in the silent hallway , amplifying its sound , making the tearing sound all the more horrible . 
 then it flew at us . 
 it was an arm , a human arm . 
 it landed dully , sliding across the floor and landing right in front of me . 
 a trail of fresh blood led from my feet into the shadows of the hallway . 
 the arm was in front of me , its hand still clenching and relaxing as it twitched on the floor . 
 i felt vomit rising in my throat as i watched it move . 
 the others stared at it , all of us not knowing what to do . 
 `` all right '' i whispered , `` we have to get outta here . 
 the others are dead . '' 
 they all nodded in agreement , and we started to shuffle our feet back towards the control room . 
 as we moved back , still facing the darkness , one of the men dropped his flashlight . 
 he juggled it in the air , trying to grasp it as it tried to flee . 
 he wobbled it around , but it still escaped . 
 it crashed loudly on the floor , sliding into the dark of the hallway . 
 it came to a rest at the feet of the creatures of the complex . 
 the dim light illuminated countless pairs of bloody , cracked , and gnarled feet . 
 blood was all over the floor , coating the feet of the infected and the walls of the hallway . 
 i turned and ran , the others following behind me . 
 a thousand shrill cries filled the hallway as our footsteps led us back to the control room . 
 the stampede followed us close behind ; the sounds of thousands of feet clapped on the floor , an applause that made a cold sweat break out all over my body . 
 we made it to the control room as the applause rattled our bones . 
 we scrambled towards the table that stood underneath the open vent . 
 i turned back to see the infected crash into the room . 
 they were like wasps swarming out of their nest , covering everything in sight . 
 they were disgusting to behold . 
 there were so many of them . 
 infected men , women , and children piled over one another as they chased after us . 
 the front runners were soaked in fresh blood ; their crimson bodies served a stark contrast to the pale infected running alongside them . 
 i let out a scream , ordering the men to hurry into the vents . 
 the first man rushed past me and leapt right up into the ceiling . 
 he turned back and extended his hand to pull me up . 
 i grasped it tightly and threw myself into the vent . 
 i turned and waited to help the others who 'd fallen behind us . 
 what happened next still haunts me . 
 one man was halfway through the room , but the last man was right in front of the tidal wave . 
 i screamed for the last man to hurry , seeing he had little chance to escape . 
 the man with me in the vent pulled out a grenade , getting ready to toss it into the room . 
 as the man closest to us reached the table , the other was caught by an infected at the ankle . 
 he tried to jump and free himself , but he tripped over a desk and landed hard on the ground . 
 the two of us in the vent yelled out as the infected crashed upon him . 
 the man on the table stopped short . 
 he turned and saw his friend being consumed by the monsters . 
 you could almost hear him snap as he lost control . 
 he pulled out a pistol and fired upon the infected , leaving the table to encounter them head on . 
 i ca n't remember what i screamed out as he left us to help his friend , but i remember that the man next to me prepared to throw the grenade into the room below us . 
 i looked over at him and tackled him , trying to wrestle the grenade from him . 
 he yelled out , `` what the hell are you doing ?! 
 we have to kill them ! '' 
 i screamed as i tried to take it from him , saying , `` no ! 
 we ca n't ! 
 stop ! 
 there 's still time ! '' 
 we continued to wrestle , but he got the upper hand . 
 he got his legs underneath me and kicked me off of him . 
 then he jumped on me , punching me repeatedly in the face as i helplessly defended myself . 
 then he shoved me to the opposite side of the vent . 
 i watched as he turned , pulled the pin out of the grenade , and threw it towards the middle of the room below . 
 i dove and tried to catch it , but i just tipped it , causing it to land even closer to the waves of infected filling the room . 
 the last thing i saw was the man going back to help his friend . 
 he was using a broken chair leg as a sword , fighting his way to his friend 's half-eaten corpse . 
 the infected were attacking him from all sides , but he still managed to keep them at bay . 
 he looked back to us as the grenade landed right next to him . 
 he gave us an understanding nod , picked up the grenade , and dove into the midst of the infected , slashing as he went . 
 the grenade went off , filling the room with fire . 
 the man in the vent pulled me away just in time to avoid the blast . 
 the vent shook vigorously and filled with heat for a long moment . 
 i shut my eyes as a hot wave passed over me and singed my hair . 
 i opened my eyes as the man grabbed the collar of my shirt and looked me in the eyes . 
 tears were streaming down his cheeks ; they were flashing red and orange in the light of the fire below . 
 he said nothing for a second , then he threw me against the wall of the vent and said , `` let 's go . '' 
 he crawled off into the darkness , leaving me behind . 
 i put my hand to my face , feeling that i had tears running down it . 
 i sucked in a few heavy , shallow breaths , and followed in his direction . 
 we traveled along the ventilation system for some time , feeling our way through the dark . 
 after squeezing through a series of smaller spaces , we came across a giant gap in the venting system . 
 there were metallic fires burning on both sides of the gap ; someone must 've let a grenade loose in the events . 
 i kicked a piece of fiery metal into the abyss below to gauge how deep it was . 
 it fell rapidly , completely disappearing from view . 
 that was it ; we were stuck . 
 we started to plan , looking for any kind of solution . 
 the man looked up , pointing out some wires and cables that were dangling from the ceiling above us . 
 i looked around , seeing no other ways to cross the pit below . 
 i looked back up at the wires ; they did n't look very sturdy , but it was our only option . 
 we climbed on top of the vent and clambered up the wall to get closer to the hanging wires . 
 once we were close enough , both of us grabbed large handfuls of wires and prepared to jump . 
 the man suggested we both go at the same time in case the wires did n't hold . 
 i agreed with him , and we counted down from three . 
 we leapt from the wall at the same time , ripping the wires we held out of the ceiling as we crossed the gap . 
 sparks flew as he landed first , blinding me . 
 i pulled a hand up to block my face , and i lost grip on the wires i was holding . 
 i landed on the jagged edges of the vent , which stabbed me directly in the chest . 
 i let out a painful cry as i slipped , lowering towards the open mouth of the abyss . 
 the man caught me as my hands slipped and i fell . 
 he strained to pull me up into the vent , pulling with all his might . 
 he dragged against the sides of the vent to pull me up . 
 the metal pierced me , cutting my arms and chest as i was pulled upwards . 
 once i was in the vent , we both sat back to catch our breath . 
 i checked myself out , looking for wounds ; i had a few deep cuts on my arms , which were bleeding slowly . 
 i lifted my shirt , revealing two deep gashes in my chest with blood gushing out . 
 i tore my shirt and created a band that i tied against my chest to slow the bleeding . 
 the man asked if i was okay , and i said , `` i 'm a lot better off than if you 'd let me fall . '' 
 he let out a chuckle and breathed a sigh of relief . 
 we sat there for a second in silence , looking over at the other side of the vents . 
 we could hear the shrill cries of the infected , and they were getting louder as they chased us into the vents . 
 i looked over at the man and said we should probably get out of there . 
 he nodded , and began to crawl off , me close behind . 
 we continued on through the vents , hoping we 'd find the others . 
 we found some broken metal pipes that were pointed at the end as we crawled along ; they made perfect weapons . 
 we kept moving in the dark vents , finally coming across a large room ; i remembered it being close to the beginning of the complex . 
 we jumped out of the vent , landing in a large office . 
 it was quiet as we rummaged through the room , not finding anything useful . 
 we left the room and trudged through a series of dimly lit hallways . 
 i glanced through the broken windows of offices as we passed , taking in the grim scenes of death and destruction . 
 we went on and came across another large office . 
 we looked through this one as well , and the man happened to find a map of the complex hidden in a desk drawer . 
 we studied the map , locating ourselves and realizing we were very close to the beginning of the blockade . 
 i stopped to rest for a few minutes , feeling a bit lightheaded . 
 i checked on my wounds again , making sure my torn shirt was even tighter across my chest . 
 after resting for a bit , we continued on . 
 we walked through a few more hallways , clamoring about in darkness . 
 we came upon another hallway when the sounds of gunshots filled the air . 
 we instinctively dove to the ground , waiting for them to cease . 
 when they did n't , we decided to check out the situation . 
 we rounded the corner slowly and came across some of our group guarding the exit door of a large room . 
 we entered the room and saw a crowd of infected coming through on the opposite side . 
 they were being mowed down by gunfire , creating a rising pile of carcasses in the middle of the room . 
 we entered into full view of those shooting the infected and they saw us . 
 they motioned us over while their yells were muffled in the gunfire . 
 the man and i made our way across the room , staying close to the walls on the right side . 
 a few infected broke away from the others , coming straight at us . 
 the man slashed two or three , incapacitating them . 
 i killed one , and then allowed another to dive right into the metal rod as i shoved it into its chest . 
 we kept out of the crossfire , reaching the men guarding the exit . 
 they motioned us down the hallway , yelling for us to help the others escape . 
 our thanks were lost in the sounds of the bullets as we left . 
 we went down a dark hallway and turned into another . 
 i collapsed as we turned the corner . 
 my vision went blurry and my head pounded as i fell to my knees . 
 bloody spittle was running out of my mouth , forming a puddle in front of me . 
 i put my hand to my chest , feeling the blood that 'd soaked through my shirt . 
 the man came and helped me up , asking if i was all right . 
 i barely heard him over the pounding in my head . 
 i assured him i was fine as i tried to walk on my own . 
 i fell against the wall , trying to keep steady . 
 he came alongside me and pulled me over his shoulder . 
 he said , `` you 're sure as hell not all right '' as he helped me walk along . 
 i laughed weakly as more bloody spittle fell from my mouth . 
 my right hand still held tight to my metal rod , which was scraping loudly against the floor . 
 i had him stop so i could look at the map ; i needed to see how far we had to go to get the hell out of there . 
 the map gave me hope as i saw that we were close to the entrance of the blockade . 
 one long hallway and we 'd be able to find the others , who 'd most likely gotten out of there and were making their way back to base . 
 i felt somewhat content that my little girl and the red haired woman had gotten out safe with the others . 
 the prospect of them living gave me enough strength to walk on my own . 
 i led the way down the hall , eager to taste freedom . 
 i even saw a dim light at the end of the hallway , which i assumed to be the light of the day outside . 
 when i reached the end of the hallway , all of my hopes were gone . 
 the deceitful light at the end of the hall was just some light coming through the high ceiling of the blockade . 
 i fell to my knees again as i saw the doors to the entrance closed . 
 they were sealed shut , and some members of the group were clawing at them . 
 they looked like trapped animals ; i felt the fear in their eyes as they desperately attacked the entrance doors . 
 they were begging for anything to happen , for the doors to miraculously open and set the free . 
 i saw a few others watching the animals with tears in their eyes ; amongst them were my little girl and the red haired woman . 
 they were crying as they held each other , which tore my heart in two . 
 i reached out to them , weakly calling their names as more blood spurted from my mouth and i fell to my knees . 
 they could n't hear me ; they were too focused on the sealed doors . 
 the man helped me up again , carrying me as i dragged my feet along the floor . 
 i still refused to let go of my weapon ; i clung to it for dear life . 
 the scraping sound it made comforted me as the sound distracted me from my weakening state . 
 i studied the doors as we went over to them . 
 the doors were barred across with metal rods that extended the entire span of the door frame . 
 they were thick ; way too thick to move , even if we had an army . 
 they 'd most likely been shut earlier by the override the military had used ; they lied to us again . 
 more hate arose within me . 
 they said they would only close their side . 
 the bastards ! 
 now we were all trapped with the infected biting at our backs . 
 i called out to everyone as we reached them , trying to gain their attention . 
 the red haired woman was the first to face me ; she held my little girl in her arms while holding a pistol in her left hand . 
 their eyes got wide as they saw me in my weakened state . 
 the man carrying me threw his metal rod at the doors . 
 it made a loud clanging sound that made everyone else face us . 
 their eyes got wide with worry as well . 
 some kept trying to unleash the steel bars more fervently , and the others flocked around the two of us . 
 my little girl came up to me while weeping ; she hugged me with all of her might , which made my whole body shake with pain . 
 she said , `` you 're hurt ! 
 you 're hurt ! 
 i 'm scared ! 
 we 're trapped ! 
 we have to get out of here or else the monsters are gon na eat us ! 
 please do n't die ! '' 
 i began to cry as the red haired woman approached , prying my little girl from me so i could breathe . 
 my little girl wrestled in her arms , trying to get back to me . 
 the red haired woman said she was glad i was okay while holding the fussing girl ; there was an expression of grief on her face . 
 her watering eyes had so much they wanted to tell me , but she could n't bring herself to say any words . 
 i weakly remarked , `` i 've seen better days . 
 do n't worry ; i 'll be fine . '' 
 the others in the crowd came closer to us , desperately asking what we were supposed to do . 
 i began to cry again ; i put a hand over my face as the tears came , and admitted i did n't know . 
 i sobbed , thinking of all the lives that would be slain there over my vain hope of getting through the blockade . 
 the man tried shaking me out of my despair , telling me that now was not the time to grieve ; we still had time and life left . 
 i agreed with him , trying to stop the tears that kept flowing down my face . 
 i looked around the room as i sobered up , trying to find anything that could help us . 
 it was difficult as the crowd rushed me ; they begged me to hurry as shrill cries emanated from the hall behind us . 
 i looked up and saw a tear in the wall where some light was shining through . 
 it was high above us , near the top of the giant entrance doors . 
 i saw the metal walk that extended to it ; it did n't reach to the giant pile of rubble that sealed us into that small space . 
 i looked at the broken service ladder attached to the walk ; it was too far away as well . 
 we 'd have to climb along the wall to reach it . 
 if we could climb the rubble and get across the wall , then we had a chance . 
 it was our only chance . 
 i turned back to the group , telling them what i could see . 
 they looked at it , guessing it could work . 
 i had two men try it out to see if it was at all possible . 
 they struggled to climb the high pile of rubble , knocking large boulders down near us as they ascended . 
 they climbed along the wall and made it to the metal walk . 
 they ran across the metal grating , moving to the tear in the wall . 
 one of the men went through as the other waited . 
 after a few moments , the man waiting yelled down to us . 
 the blockade had a steep slope to it , which let the other man slide down towards a drop-off , which kept him from climbing back up to the tear in the wall . 
 knowing that the plan could work , we decided to give it a go . 
 as soon as i said it would work out loud , everything changed . 
 a mad scramble broke out , starting with those who 'd been clawing at the doors . 
 they turned towards the pile of rubble , sprinting right into us , knocking most of us down as they stampeded through . 
 i was knocked to the ground . 
 i watched the feet try to fly over us ; most of them stumbled and stepped on our bodies . 
 i watched as the red haired woman and my little girl fell , hitting the ground with thuds . 
 i was kicked in the face and chest as they ran through , forcing me to scream out in agony . 
 my vision blurred , going in and out as i watched those around me being trampled . 
 i heard the cries of my little girl and the red haired woman amidst the panic . 
 i heard a few wet snaps , which i believe were the breaking of bones . 
 after the group stampeded past and my vision cleared , i got on my stomach and dragged myself over to the others . 
 i saw my little girl holding her leg , which was most definitely broken . 
 the red haired woman sat up , holding her bloody face and her ribs . 
 various others around me had swollen bodies , trying to get to their knees . 
 i looked to my left , where the man who 'd helped me was nursing a broken wrist . 
 i dragged myself over to the girls , stopping short as the rumbling started . 
 i looked at the pile of rubble , which was giving way under all of the people rushing towards the high metal walk . 
 the room shook as the rock broke away from itself , sending those on top plummeting back down towards us . 
 i screamed for everyone to get clear of the avalanche as we tried to pull ourselves away from the falling rock . 
 i jumped on top of the red haired woman and my little girl as the rocks came tumbling down . 
 i coughed as i opened my eyes . 
 the light was illuminating the dust in the air ; the dirt crystals shone like stars as they danced in the light . 
 i called out , asking if anyone could hear me . 
 i heard a few muffled responses as i checked on the girls beneath me . 
 the red haired woman and my little girl were clutching onto me while they cried . 
 i removed myself from their grip and tried to pull myself up , but i realized that my feet were caught underneath some of the rubble . 
 the girls got out from underneath me , nursing their injuries . 
 the man who 'd helped me broke out from underneath some of the rubble , helping lift the rocks that covered my feet . 
 i looked up at the metal walk ; there were three men and one woman watching us from above . 
 they called down to us , asking if we could make it up . 
 i looked over at the pile of debris still standing . 
 only half of it was there , and the pile had centered itself right below the broken service ladder . 
 i yelled up to them and said we 'd try to get up there using the ladder . 
 they said they 'd wait at the top of the ladder to help us onto the metal walk . 
 i had the man with us look for other survivors while i turned my attention back to the girls . 
 the red haired woman stood up , taking my crying little girl up in her arms . 
 she helped me stand , asking if i was strong enough to climb . 
 i assured her i was , sending her ahead of me to climb . 
 i found my metal rod and used it as a cane to help me climb . 
 i ascended the rubble , but i stopped as i felt my body growing even weaker . 
 the wounds in my chest and arms were burning me up from the inside out , making me feel as though i 'd been set ablaze . 
 i felt warm blood rising in my throat ; i started to choke and cough blood onto the rocks below me . 
 the man returned from his search and came up to me . 
 he placed his metal rod at his feet , sat down , and let shallow breaths leave his body . 
 i watched as he held his broken wrist and cursed beneath his breath . 
 i asked him again if there 'd been any other survivors , to which his watering eyes told me more than i needed to know . 
 pain welled up in my chest as i tried to envision what he 'd seen , and for all the lives that 'd been lost because of me . 
 he saw it in my eyes ; he looked at me and said , `` it 's not your fault ... ... ... . . 
 it 's not . '' 
 i tried to believe the words coming out of his mouth , but the burning pains in my heart were telling me otherwise . 
 i nodded , lying to give him some comfort with what he 'd said . 
 he grabbed the metal rod he 'd set down , came beside me , and helped me start climbing . 
 the girls were n't far ahead of us as we climbed , and as the final flood came rushing in . 
 the evil cries of the infected filled the halls and the small prison we were trying to escape from . 
 everyone stopped , looking back as the tide came in . 
 a large crowd of infected smashed into the room , covering the ground beneath us . 
 they tore into the rubble , digging out the corpses of the others and beginning to feast . 
 blood rained down on the infected as they tore into the bodies , coating their pale skin with red . 
 i cursed them with every word i could think of as they tore bodies apart , splitting them into pieces as tearing sounds filled the room alongside their cries . 
 the man dragged me up the rubble as i tried to pull myself away in the direction of the infected ; i wanted to fight all of them with the metal rod i held tight in my hand . 
 i screamed and kicked as i was dragged away , looking on with hate as bloody body parts and organs flew through the air . 
 as i cursed , i gained the attention of many infected . 
 fear crept down my spine as i saw many of them make eye contact with me , hungering for their next meal . 
 my bravery fled as i looked upon them , rearing up and getting ready to attack . 
 i turned , allowing the man to help me up as their screams echoed in the room . 
 i kept my eyes forward , seeing that the girls were n't far from us ; the red haired woman struggled to climb with my little girl clinging to her . 
 i shouted for them to hurry , hearing the screams of the infected getting louder as they started to climb the rubble after us . 
 the man and i vaulted over the rubble quickly , driven by fear . 
 we sped over rocks and kicked some down to slow the creatures . 
 we came alongside the girls and helped them up the rubble . 
 we inched closer to the broken ladder as the creatures came near . 
 the man turned around , kicking the lead one square in the face . 
 i turned and stabbed another in the side . 
 both tumbled down the rubble , taking some of the others down with them . 
 i saw all of the infected in the room were climbing the rubble , headed straight towards us . 
 we rapidly scaled the last of the rocks and reached the service ladder . 
 i sent the red haired woman up first ; she was wheezing from exhaustion and could barely stand . 
 my little girl jumped out of her arms and into mine . 
 some bloody spittle was flowing from the side of the red haired woman 's mouth as she looked at me with thanks . 
 she turned and climbed up the ladder as quickly as she could . 
 i turned my attention to my little girl . 
 i said , `` i need you to ride on my back . 
 you ca n't let go no matter what , okay ? '' 
 she nodded and then climbed onto my back , latching onto me with all of her strength . 
 she wrapped her good leg around my torso , which made me cringe with pain . 
 her broken leg dangled freely in the open air . 
 i handed my weapon to the man and began to climb . 
 i looked down and saw the man right behind me , fending off a group of infected that were at the base of the ladder . 
 i continued to climb , trying not to let go as my head throbbed and my vision went in and out again . 
 my chest was pounding hard , feeling as though it would burst at any second . 
 i reached the metal walk and had just ascended to it when i lost everything ... ... i looked down to see the man overcome by an infected , fending it off with the metal bars . 
 as he fought , another infected leaped from the one fighting the man , using it as a step to leap to the metal walk . 
 its gigantic body flailed in the air for a second , and its hands grasped the edge of the metal walk . 
 it threw itself onto the walk and landed in front of me , rearing up for an attack . 
 i 'll never forget that infected ; i hope it burns in hell for what it did . 
 its vivid image still haunts the shadows of my mind . 
 i can feel its presence lurking about within me , gnawing away at my sanity . 
 it was the largest infected i 'd ever seen . 
 its body was covered in faded tattoos , and i could see all of them through the bloody jeans and torn shirt it was wearing . 
 there was a tattoo of the grim reaper nailed to a cross with a scythe through his head on its left arm . 
 the inscription underneath read : `` i 've killed death ; what can you do to me ? '' 
 its forearms and hands were tattooed over with vines covered in thorns . 
 blood was dripping from each of the thorns . 
 its left leg had a tribal design that went from its thigh down to its ankle , and through its torn shirt i could see flames tattooed on its chest . 
 a few long strands of white hair were clinging to its scalp . 
 open wounds covered its body , and each one was oozing a greenish red liquid . 
 its cloud white eyes held small black veins reaching for irises that were no longer there . 
 its nails were long , gnarled , and dripping blood . 
 it seemed to smirk as green spittle flowed from its red mouth . 
 it rose and stood before me , breathing heavily . 
 it towered over me , causing a sweat to break out over my shaking body . 
 i told my little girl to go over to the others , and she limped quickly away after i bent down to let her go . 
 i turned back to the infected and took a nervous step back , stepping into two other men on the metal walk , who were standing behind me and shaking as well . 
 i looked past them , seeing the women and one of the men standing by the tear in the wall . 
 i turned back to face the behemoth , gaining slight courage as my friends stood with me . 
 the creature contorted its body and bent low to the ground , rearing to attack . 
 i looked at the men with me ; they were waiting for someone to make a move . 
 so was i . 
 the monster lunged forward , breaking the stalemate and making the first move . 
 the three of us charged him , taking defensive positions as it rose into the air above us . 
 it kicked one of the men in the chest , sending him flying into the others by the tear in the wall . 
 it grabbed the other man and smashed him into the wall face first ; i heard a small crunch as his face hit the wall . 
 i saw an opportune moment and tackled the beast hard in the stomach , sending us towards the edge of the metal walk . 
 i punched it in the face repeatedly as i knelt on its chest ; it laughed shrilly , numb to my attack . 
 after a few more punches , it grabbed my throat and lifted me high into the air as it got out from underneath me . 
 i gasped for air as it held me suspended over the edge of the metal walk . 
 it all happened in slow-motion . 
 i watched my little girl tear herself away from the others and limp over to our fight . 
 i tried to scream for her to stop as i gasped for air . 
 she came right up to the infected , latched onto its leg , and started clawing at it . 
 the infected turned its attention to her for a split second , giving me the chance to raise my legs to my chest and kick it in the throat . 
 it threw me away as it hit the wall of the blockade , holding its throat and gasping for air . 
 i was suspended in the air for a second before i latched onto the edge of the metal walk . 
 i had both hands clutching onto it with all of my strength . 
 my little girl came to me , trying to pull me up onto the walk to no avail . 
 i looked over her shoulder and saw the infected regain its breath and start walking over to us . 
 i screamed for my little girl to run , but she would n't leave me . 
 i started to curse at her , yelling for her to leave me at all costs . 
 the infected kept coming closer , extending its hands towards us , which was all the more horrible as i watched in slow-motion . 
 as it came up to us , the red haired woman flew into it , knocking it over the edge . 
 i watched in horror as it latched onto the leg of my little girl , taking her with it . 
 i screamed and instinctively wrapped my legs around her , holding my little girl with all of my strength . 
 my grip faded fast as i looked down , seeing that the infected was clinging onto her good leg . 
 the red haired woman , the other woman , and the men came to me , trying to keep me from letting go . 
 i howled in pain as i could feel my arms tearing themselves from my body ; i was being ripped in half as i held the weight of both my little girl and the infected . 
 my little girl was clutching my stomach as she screamed for help , but none would come . 
 i looked up with helplessness at them , yelling for them to do something as i started to slip . 
 they took off their shoes and threw them down at the infected , trying to make it release its grip . 
 one of them hit my little girl in the hand , causing her to let go and start slipping from in between my legs . 
 i looked down and saw the infected swing its arm and grab the broken leg of my little girl . 
 her painful cry filled the entire space ; i cried out angrily as i remained helpless . 
 her screams pierced my ears and my heart as the infected tugged at her . 
 she slipped farther away from me , begging for me to save her . 
 i screamed at her , yelling , `` do n't let go ! 
 do n't let go ! 
 do n't let go ! 
 do n't let go ! '' 
 tears flew down my face as i felt my arms separating from my body . 
 the infected cried out as it pulled even harder on my little girls ' legs . 
 her screams were killing me , and her grip slipped again . 
 my legs shook and twitched as i held onto her with all the strength i could muster . 
 i yelled out in utter agony as my arms separated from my body , the sounds of the dislocations filling my ears . 
 the only thing holding me up was the five people on the metal walk . 
 the infected pulled even harder on my little girl , and i heard the loud pop of her legs as they separated from her body . 
 she let go as i looked down and saw her jade eyes for the last time . 
 my legs reached out to try to grab her , but i missed . 
 i saw the two of them fall towards the ground below us . 
 i screamed nonsense as my heart shattered in my chest and the others pulled me up onto the metal walk . 
 i could n't move as i cursed them . 
 i cursed everyone and everything as they dragged me away and slid me out of the tear in the wall of the blockade . 
 the bright gray clouds blinded me as i entered the air outside . 
 i screamed and cried and kicked and cursed as i went down , landing hard on the ground in front of the blockade . 
 i tried to get up , to go back in and try to save my little girl . 
 i knew it was too late , but i could n't let it go . 
 i had to go back in . 
 she needed me . 
 i made her a promise . 
 i had to keep it no matter what . 
 i could n't get past my knees as pain surged through my body . 
 i continued to scream and cry and kick as the others came down , coming alongside me and dragging me back in the direction of the base we 'd left . 
 the man who helped me through the blockade managed to escape fighting the infected . 
 i saw him pull the pin to a grenade and throw it into the tear behind him as he leapt down and slid to us . 
 the group dragged me away into the distance as the explosion filled the air . 
 i saw the flames well up , spitting a few infected bodies out onto the ground . 
 i yelled at the man as he came near ; i ordered him to go back and save my girl . 
 he walked behind the group with his hands in his pockets and his eyes focused on the ground . 
 he said `` i 'm sorry '' softly in my direction , but i was so deranged that i spit the blood running out of my mouth in his direction . 
 i looked up and saw the face of the red haired woman ; she faced forward as tears ran down her face . 
 i felt her squeezing my hand as she dragged me along . 
 i yelled at her too , trying to guilt her into helping me go back and save my little girl . 
 she just kept her face forward , trying to ignore the hurtful things i screamed at her . 
 i continued to protest as they dragged me away from that place . 
 i cursed them , i cursed the infected , i cursed everything , i cursed myself for losing everyone , and most of all , i cursed myself for losing my little girl . 
 i broke my promise to her . 
 i broke the only promise i had to keep . 
 i failed ; i became the monster . 
 i screamed hateful words until my voice was hoarse , and i kicked until the pain would n't let me move any more . 
 tape # 14 and now i find myself here , back at the base we should 've abandoned forever . 
 it can never be a place of any hope to me after all that 's happened . 
 it 's all been desecrated and destroyed . 
 it 's all over . 
 we 've lost . 
 i 'm sitting in my room , looking out into the clouded sky . 
 the clouds are still a depressed gray , which makes me feel even worse . 
 when i start looking at the walls around me , all i can see are the mistakes i 've made and the failures i 've become . 
 my little girl ... ... . . 
 i can see the art she spent so much time making . 
 it 's happiness that testifies against the evil that constantly surrounded her and tried to devour her spirit . 
 the drawing of me as her hero is my favorite ... ... i 'm looking at it now and hating myself for it . 
 it has some blood on it , on the upper left corner of the page . 
 the smeared droplets look as if they 're trying to infect the page ; the once white clouds have started turning red and pink with infection . 
 at the same time , this disease seems to be trying to infect the beautiful hands that made it , tainting all i have left of my little girl in my heart . 
 it makes me so angry at everything that 's happened , and especially at myself . 
 i 'm trying to ignore it as i take this long look at the picture . 
 i see the hero in the middle ; even though the face is all wrong , and he has a pink and green jumpsuit on , i still love it . 
 it lets me know my little girl thought i was a good guy despite all the wrong i 've done and all the mistakes i 've made . 
 i hope she could still believe that if she were here with me now . 
 it also makes me believe that i still have a chance to be good , even though i only see myself as evil . 
 i 'm stuck wondering if i truly have become the monster , devouring myself from the inside out until nothing of me is left . 
 it 's only me , the red haired woman , another woman , and five men left . 
 we have three guns with little ammo , some forgotten food supplies , and some melee weapons . 
 we really have nothing ; the infected have won . 
 we all know it . 
 they followed us back here , and they 're lurking in the shadows of the forest as i speak . 
 their shrieks are filling the air around us , and seem to get closer with each passing minute . 
 i do n't want to make any sort of last stand ; there 's no point . 
 i just wan na to die already . 
 i 've got nothing left . 
 the red haired woman found this recorder and these tapes a while ago , and she documented her life on some of them . 
 she said she wanted to tell her story to others in the future . 
 she 's given the rest of them to me because she says i need to talk ; she says i need to give presence to the pain that 's killing me . 
 it 's festering in me like a cancer that wo n't quit . 
 i honestly think this is stupid , but it kills some time and distracts me from the pain surging through my body . 
 but the red haired woman told me that this is important because someone needs to know about everything that 's happened ; they need to hear what real life was like from someone like me . 
 why me ? 
 i 'm nobody . 
 i 'm just a guy who lost himself in the midst of losing everything else around him . 
 now i 'm just an empty shell of who i once was . 
 this is the final tape left , and ... ... i guess this is the end of my story . 
 it 's probably the end of my life too ; i know i do n't have long left . 
 i pray that someone finds this . 
 i pray that it can make the difference i never could . 
 this is the end of me , and all that i am . 
 i hope it 's just your beginning ... ... . 
 # # # thank you for taking the time to read this work . 
 i hope you enjoyed it and will look forward to other works i will bring forth in the future . 
 acknowledgments to michael matchell , for all of his hard work and dedication . 
 to my family , for all of their support and encouragement . 
 about the author greg wilburn is a college student living in beautiful southern california with his mother , sister , and brother . 
 he is currently studying to become an english teacher for high school students . 
