 the beast of g vaudan a wolf point novella by kate spofford published by kate spofford at smashwords copyright 2014 by kate spofford cover design by kate spofford cover photograph by gary kramer -lrb- public domain -rrb- this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 first ebook edition : august 2014 -1 - i am known as the beast of g vaudan , but my tale begins in a town called soissons in the north of france . 
 by birth i was the seventh son of a seventh son , and of no fortune . 
 we lived on the edge of a great forest , far from town , due to my parents ' nature . 
 papa was a hunter and a drinker and made his living selling furs and winning fights . 
 maman was just as ruthless , and should any woman look my father 's way , she was wont to gouge out the lady 's eyes . 
 it was best to live separately . 
 i grew up knowing our nature , as my brothers all grew into theirs well before me . 
 each brother was born a year apart , and each year another would turn wolf and begin spending nights hunting with papa and maman . 
 soon the forests could not support so many hungry mouths , and papa sent my brothers out to find their own families . 
 we had many acquaintances , other wolf packs , and if any of those had daughters they competed for a wife . 
 there were few females among us . 
 only the eldest two brothers , john-pierre and allain , found wives in this way . 
 the others were forced to look for wives among the girls in town , and convince them to turn wolf and live away from their families , as human women could not carry a wolf child without death for both mother and baby . 
 they had luck with young orphan girls but few others . 
 when the time came for my change , i was ready . 
 i had practiced hunting since i could walk , and had helped papa flay the skin from many a beast . 
 i had learned to move silently through the forests and to sense prey without using the sense of sight . 
 papa had always been impressed by my abilities , for even as a human my senses rivaled those of my wolf brothers . 
 on the eve of my thirteenth birthday , i could hardly sit still for all my excitement . 
 john-pierre and allain now lived several cities away , but had returned for this night to welcome me into the pack . 
 all the men laughed and wrestled and filled our simple house with so much energy maman commanded us to go outside . 
 she would not join us . 
 the moon that night was full and bright . 
 `` it is a sign , '' papa remarked . 
 `` our little georges will be a powerful wolf . '' 
 `` not more powerful than me , '' boasted allain . 
 he shoved me down and laughed . 
 `` nor me , '' said bernard , the brother closest in age to me . 
 we did not eat the evening meal but instead began hiking into the forest . 
 this was not so different from when we hunted , except now the trail took us up and up to a high point of the hills surrounding the town of soissons . 
 with no food for energy , i tired quickly , but did not complain . 
 i felt itchy and achy . 
 `` are you afraid , brother ? '' 
 bernard asked . 
 `` not at all , '' i told him . 
 as i spoke , my teeth cut my lip , and the coppery taste of blood filled my mouth . 
 thus , as we entered a large clearing where the grass shone blue from the moon , i convulsed and turned . 
 all the men of my family turned to stare at me : papa , john-pierre , allain , raulf , raoul , martin , and bernard . 
 fourteen eyes glinting in the moonlight in that way only animals eyes do . 
 i growled in return . 
 quickly , they turned and set upon me . 
 i locked teeth with allain first , and ruthlessly tore out his throat , his taunts still echoing in my mind . 
 standing over his body , i faced the remainder of my brothers , who had backed off and stood with tails drooping behind my father . 
 papa , i knew now , was the alpha of our family pack . 
 allain had been his second . 
 now , with allain 's death , i would be papa 's second . 
 i had been the last all my life . 
 the smallest , the youngest . 
 while it was true i had been my father 's favorite , i was tired of being under anyone 's command . 
 i lunged at my father . 
 he was a full-grown wolf , and i just a boy . 
 my wolf was not as large as his in size , yet i found that to be my advantage . 
 i was quicker , and could sense his attacks before they came . 
 mere minutes passed , and then i had him by the throat . 
 a chorus of voices entered my head do not kill him , brother you have won the fight , death is not necessary but another voice commanded otherwise . 
 i can not live with this shame . 
 as my father gurgled his dying breath , i turned to face my brothers . 
 -2 - i should have been alpha then . 
 i should have earned their respect . 
 instead , they refused my leadership . 
 their minds became foreign to me , and as one , my five remaining brothers turned on me . 
 i might have stayed and fought had i not been confused by this turn of events . 
 instead , i ran . 
 i made my way down the mountain , to the cabin where i had grown . 
 there i became once again the boy my mother had raised . 
 her wails of anguish came from the common room , where she wept upon the rough-hewn floor . 
 for but a moment i stood there , observing what i had done , and then i left . 
 -3 - as a wolf i made my way south . 
 the forests were teeming with wildlife at that time , and wilderness took up more of the french countryside than did villages . 
 i stayed well away from places of civilization . 
 my wolf mourned for a pack , and though i occasionally came across other wolves in the woods , these wolves were shy and sensed something different about me . 
 my father had never been able to work with animals , making him ill-suited for farm work or blacksmithing . 
 horses shied from him , and cows did not produce milk . 
 now i experienced a true loneliness . 
 after a long , cold winter , i made my way closer to the towns . 
 i recalled a family papa had spoken of , the loupes , who lived in the eastern g vaudan region . 
 the alpha of this clan was called abelard . 
 i observed this family with great caution . 
 there were not allies of my father like many others , but rather separate . 
 papa often hoped to convince abelard to give up a daughter for one of his sons , and join our packs , but abelard had never agreed . 
 abelard , i soon discovered , owned a popular tavern in the village square . 
 i dared not approach this place directly . 
 he and his family lived far from town , however , in a modest home near the forest edge . 
 the trees near there reeked of their marks . 
 finding a system of caves on a nearby hill , i watched this family go about their business . 
 abelard 's two daughters were indeed beautiful . 
 one had hair the color of honey , while the other wore hers in a long , dark braid . 
 they and their mother did the chores of the household as well as some duties at the tavern . 
 abelard also had five sons . 
 the oldest had thirty years and lived in a separate building with his wife and their two children . 
 papa had told us about this marriage several years ago . 
 `` the loupe family breeds with their own , '' he had said distastefully , and i found that this wife did indeed share the likeness of her cousin with the dark braid . 
 there was little i could do to find favor with this family . 
 they had few visitors and kept to themselves . 
 one day , i was startled from a nap in my cave by footsteps approaching . 
 two naked youths not much older than i blocked the entrance . 
 by their scent i knew them to be loupes , and i growled deep in my throat at the intrusion . 
 `` face us as a man , stranger , '' the elder boy commanded . 
 i rose to my feet but remained wolf . 
 the younger boy spoke . 
 `` maybe it 's just a normal wolf . '' 
 the elder scoffed . 
 `` ca n't you smell the stink on him ? 
 i said turn human , wolf . '' 
 reluctantly , i did so . 
 i had not been wolf long enough to become comfortable with my nudity , and i stood covering myself as best i could . 
 `` look at him , '' said the younger . 
 `` he 's smaller than i am ! '' 
 `` i am fallon , '' said the older boy . 
 `` this is my brother lucien . 
 pray tell what are you doing on our land ? '' 
 `` i am outcast , '' i mumbled . 
 `` i mean no harm . '' 
 fallon raised his eyebrows . 
 `` no ? 
 then you wo n't mind moving along ? '' 
 `` i have no place to go . '' 
 `` you can not stay here , '' fallon said . 
 `` your presence is unwelcome and a threat . 
 you have two days . '' 
 without another word , fallon and lucien turned and began walking away . 
 within two steps , they had both turned wolf and disappeared . 
 that night i did in truth leave the cave . 
 i did not , however , leave g vaudan . 
 -4 - in all my watchings , i had found a young girl of great beauty who constantly tore my attention from the wolf family . 
 she had long red hair and spent her days in a field , tending cattle , sitting , dancing , singing ? 
 i watched her from afar , but wolf eyes see long . 
 i was entranced . 
 one day i decided i would hide in the tree she often sat beneath during the hottest part of the day . 
 it was now late spring and the sun had become lovely and hot during the day , though still chilly at night . 
 for clothes i stole from a neighbor 's clothesline , and before dawn i turned human , then donned the pilfered garments and shimmied up the tree . 
 a wide bough made for a fairly comfortable seat , and i waited for the young girl to arrive , as she did every day , at an hour past daybreak . 
 the bough had by then become less comfortable , the bark of the tree digging into my skin even through the breeches i had stolen . 
 the sight of her , however , made me numb to these small hurts . 
 she drove the cattle along with the help of her little dog . 
 she wore her usual green dress that day , with an apron . 
 unsurprisingly , her dog barked once at the tree , then trotted off to lie in the grass . 
 she watched me constantly , but refused to come closer despite the girl 's words of encouragement . 
 the cattle as well spread themselves far from the tree . 
 from my perch , i had a lovely view of the girl 's d colletage . 
 this alone kept me quiet for a long time . 
 then , the pleasantness of the weather and the peacefulness of the view lulled me to an unexpected slumber . 
 i woke up when the ground hit me . 
 once i finally regained my hearing - my ears rang from the blow to my head - all i heard was , `` oh , my ... oh , my ... oh , my ... '' over and over . 
 once i could see again , i saw the red-haired girl 's face looming over mine . 
 i blinked at her and tried to smile . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 she asked , wringing her hands . 
 `` oh , you 're bleeding ! '' 
 when i touched my fingers to my forehead , i felt a bit of slippery blood and a bruise welting up . 
 `` i feel fine . '' 
 `` well , you gave me quite a fright ! '' 
 she huffs . 
 `` how long have you been up in that tree ? '' 
 i knew better than to tell her . 
 `` i do n't remember ... i fell asleep there . '' 
 i blinked my eyes dopily and grinned up at her . 
 `` you are the most beautiful creature i 've ever seen . '' 
 she folded her arms . 
 `` you fell asleep in a tree ? '' 
 my dumb act was n't working . 
 inching myself up on my elbows , i said , `` i sleep in the trees . 
 it 's safer that way . 
 you know , because of wolves . '' 
 `` oh , that 's rich . 
 wolves would n't attack people . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` not in the spring , anyway . 
 perhaps in the dead of winter , when game is scarce ... might attack a sheep , or a cow , but not a person . 
 you 're ... not from here , are you ? 
 your accent is a little strange . '' 
 `` i 'm from the north , '' i said vaguely . 
 `` and wolves do too attack humans . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 `` perhaps northern wolves attack humans . 
 do your parents sleep in trees also , or are you travelling alone ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... an orphan . '' 
 i glanced up at her to see her reaction . 
 would she pity an orphan , or sneer at one ? 
 she sighed . 
 `` that would be the case . 
 you 'd best move along then . 
 my parents certainly do not need another mouth to feed , nor an apprentice , nor is my father likely to see you as a good match for me . '' 
 `` i was here first , '' i said . 
 `` ha ! 
 my family has been using this pasture for three generations , and i 've never seen the likes of you here before today . '' 
 i stand up , wobbling a bit . 
 i had fallen a bit harder than i 'd let on . 
 `` and who 's to say i 'd be wanting you for a wife ? '' 
 `` it does not matter if you want me , for i do not want you , some penniless orphan who sleeps in trees because he 's stupid . '' 
 `` wolves eat people ! '' 
 i said loud enough for a flock of sparrows in the tree to flutter off , and for the dog to perk up its ears and issue a bark . 
 my fingers curled into fists . 
 i 'd not had much experience with dogs - we had always stayed far away from them , for when we did get near , most dogs tried to attack us . 
 most dogs who came near us ended up dead . 
 `` be gone , stupid boy ! '' 
 the girl said , and she sat down with her arms crossed and called to the dog . 
 `` come here , bebe . 
 come ! '' 
 how had i ever believed this girl to be beautiful ? 
 she was an ugly sack of skin , her hair the color of unripe tomatoes , her freckles like some deadly skin disease . 
 i stalked toward the forest . 
 my shirt chafed at my skin , and the whole idea that i had gone to such lengths to steal clothing for that ignorant girl was so foolish i could not believe i had done it . 
 shoving the brush aside , i plowed into the thick forest until i could not see her . 
 then i removed my clothing without delicacy , tearing the thin fabric of the shirt , and ripping a seam on the breeches . 
 then i was all wolf , only i felt myself grown larger with rage . 
 how dare she ! 
 how must i prove myself to anyone ? 
 i had fought and won my way to alpha , only to be shunned . 
 i attempted charm and received scorn . 
 i would show her how wolves attacked humans . 
 -5 - i tore out of the forest growling . 
 bebe , that little mutt , jumped to her paws , but then turned tail and ran . 
 the girl stood and called for the pup . 
 then she saw me . 
 her mouth opened . 
 her eyes blinked . 
 my wolfy mouth grinned , tongue lolling , as i slowed . 
 i wanted her to see me . 
 all of me . 
 my , what wicked teeth you have ! 
 i made sure to show every dripping fang . 
 finally her disbelief faded , and she screamed long and loud . 
 my mistake came from discounting the cattle . 
 who would assume that fat , cud-chewing bovines had any thoughts , never mind the thought to protect a girl ? 
 i might have , had i spent any time around such beasts as a child . 
 i did n't even notice the bull , focused as i was on the hateful girl , until it barreled into my narrow range of vision . 
 paws dug into the dirt to stop before impaling myself on the bull 's horns . 
 i growled at it . 
 thinking it might be intimidated , i then attempted to dart around the beast . 
 the bull bellowed . 
 i had never heard a sound like this in my life . 
 and he was n't the only one . 
 two other bulls in the herd bellowed as well , and then a stampede of hoofbeats shook the earth under my feet . 
 with six large , sharp horns coming at me , i was forced to retreat . 
 i ran as fast as i could toward the forest again . 
 the cattle chased me for a short ways , then i heard the hoofbeats slow . 
 i slowed , too , and turned to reassess the situation . 
 of course , the bulls were protecting the cows and the calves . 
 that made sense . 
 not the girl . 
 i rounded again , and kept wide of the herd . 
 i approached the girl from the other side . 
 i could smell her so clearly . 
 before i had not thought much about my hunger . 
 now i could hear her heart pounding and the scent of milk and honey on her and the pounding of her blood in her veins . 
 my teeth ached to rip open her flesh , to cut through her meat and muscle , to crunch her bones and suck out the marrow . 
 now wide of the bulls , and with a clear line to the girl , i charged . 
 unfortunately , the bulls were much faster than i had anticipated . 
 they came at me bellowing , three tons of muscle and sharp hooves and horns . 
 i barely managed to alter my course , still attempting to snap at the girl , who had run round to the other side of the tree , screaming - and one of the horns dug into my hip , lifting my hind legs off the ground before my skin tore . 
 i howled , but i knew better than to stop . 
 i dug in and kept running . 
 i could outrun the bulls . 
 the fire in my hips flared and burned . 
 still , i managed to get to the forest - the trees - safety . 
 the bulls had stopped and now stood grunting and snorting with their ears flicking angrily . 
 i slunk deeper into the wood to nurse my wounds . 
 -6 - revenge . 
 all i could think of was revenge . 
 though the girl had done nothing and the bulls had done everything , i wanted her dead . 
 werewolves heal faster than humans , much faster . 
 the bull 's horn had gored my hip and torn up some of my innards , but it was merely a day later than i was able to walk with only the slightest of limps . 
 i donned those discarded clothes and made my way into town . 
 for days i skulked around the village . 
 i begged for scraps , and slept in the gutter , and stole food from farms . 
 all the while i kept my ears open . 
 if there 's anyone people wo n't notice , it 's a beggar . 
 gossip had come along quietly . 
 `` a wolf tried to attack my daughter , '' said a man at the tavern one evening . 
 `` must have been rabid , '' said the man beside him . 
 `` hope it did n't get its teeth any of your cattle . '' 
 `` nah , was the cattle what drove the beast off . 
 anne was quite upset by the whole incident . '' 
 `` we ought to hunt it down before it tries to attack anyone else . '' 
 `` thing 'll be dead in a day or two once it 's at the foaming stage . '' 
 `` still . '' 
 i listened and waited , but no one seemed much interested in hunting me down . 
 not until word got back to the loupe family , that was . 
 they might be more interested in a rabid wolf . 
 anne . 
 her name was anne . 
 i now knew her father 's scent and i could have easily killed him . 
 as i curled up in another forest cave , far from human scents , i began to think about anne 's sweet flesh . 
 she would have tasted lovely . 
 i had tasted my father 's blood , but only briefly . 
 i had expected great glory for his kill . 
 i should have been alpha ! 
 were i to vanquish the loupe family , i might have a chance at earning the respect and command of my brothers . 
 the loupes were already wary of being found out . 
 it was uncommon , but men had been burned for werewolves before . 
 occasionally they were actual werewolves . 
 the common people had no idea that being a werewolf was a family affliction . 
 the fools , they had written poems about how if one were to consort with the devil and use a belt made of a wolf 's pelt , or don a cape made of such , one could become a werewolf . 
 as a hunter my own father courted accusations , but as he often killed wolves that pestered neighboring farms , he was not normally suspected . 
 should the loupe family be found with such a pelt in their possession , after a beast had wreaked havoc in the region , well ... there was the problem of the cattle . 
 vicious creatures . 
 i must avoid them . 
 there were many young shepherdesses about , and it was a simple matter of finding one who tended sheep rather than bulls . 
 -7 - sheep were the smelliest , foulest creatures , i had decided . 
 i had been lying in wait upwind , knowing due to their stink that sheep were grazed on this hill , and all i had to do was wait until the innocent shepherdess arrived . 
 i had thoroughly investigated the area and could smell her lovely odor throughout the grasses . 
 delicious . 
 i was salivating . 
 and here she came on such a glorious morning , the hem of her skirt wet from the dew , the sun not yet hot . 
 she stopped at the top of the hill , fanned herself with her hand , then stood gazing out over the landscape with her back to me . 
 while the sheep bleated nervously , she stood still . 
 i darted in , and she had only managed to turn slightly with a surprised look on her face before i had knocked her down and ripped her throat out . 
 a spray of blood misted the blue sky with red until her arteries stopped pulsing out her life 's blood . 
 i gulped down that sweet mouthful , and slashed at her dress with my claws for good measure . 
 the flock had begun running , galloping down the hill toward home as fast as they could while they pressed against one another for comfort . 
 i snatched up a small one at the back and carried it off to eat . 
 though the girl 's blood had been sweet , sweeter than i could have imagined , i needed the townsfolk of langogne to find her corpse and begin their witch hunt . 
 -8 - the little girl 's name had been jeanne boulet , and i listened as the villagers lamented the death of little jeanne . 
 my thoughts could not linger on this idle gossip - my mind had only two different tracks : 1 . 
 find a true wolf and kill it , and somehow managed to get this pelt on the property of abelard loupe . 
 2 . 
 kill kill kill i fought for control . 
 i needed to find a wolf , else my whole plan would be for naught . 
 moving north , i searched the forests high and low while my throat ached for blood . 
 animals were plenty and i killed and ate , yet this thirst would not be sated . 
 pretty little jeanne 's face filled my thoughts . 
 her scent followed me . 
 my distraction made for many missed opportunities . 
 i began to realize that i was not hunting correctly - i had not been taught to hunt as a wolf , only as a human . 
 how one walks to avoid making noise , how to sit downwind ? 
 it was as though i had forgotten the basic lessons papa had taught me . 
 this was to prove to my brothers that i would be papa 's equal - non , his superior - had they accepted me as alpha . 
 i fought the thirst . 
 i tracked for wolves . 
 perhaps the presence of the loupe family had kept true wolves away , or perhaps wolves made themselves scarce in the summers . 
 whatever the reason , i could not find a single beast anywhere for miles . 
 i roved through the forests , killing spontaneously when the blood lust became too much to bear . 
 my body grew fat and big , so that when i returned late in the summer , and turned human for the first time in months , i could not fit into the stolen clothes i had left behind . 
 the breeches were many inches too short , and the shirt was so tight across my shoulders that the seams ripped . 
 no wolf pelt . 
 no clothing . 
 with more ease than i had ever experienced , i slid back into wolf form and headed south . 
 -9 - i stalked the edges of the forests , waiting until i caught just the right scent , some innocent victim alone and unawares . 
 in puylaurens , it was a girl just a year older than i , a sweet voluptuous thing whose corpse i used after i ate off her face . 
 in a field near langogne , i found a slender boy tending crops alone and ripped off his head . 
 one woman i caught just before sunset , several feet from her front door . 
 it had been one of her children with the delicious scent , but i ran off after the first taste , pausing only to be sure i had been seen . 
 i killed again and again and again , yet my thirst could not be slaked . 
 by now i had been a wolf for a full month , and my thoughts had grown disordered . 
 when the villagers gathered up their pitchforks and began crowding through the forest thrusting into the bushes , my wolf reacted in alarm and i ran off without thinking , without a plan . 
 i forced myself to turn human again with all the effort it takes to wake from a deep slumber . 
 i groaned and felt the constraints of my skin . 
 october in g vaudan was more temperate than the autumn season in soissons , but i do not consider this the reason for my comfort in my own nudity . 
 i found myself lifting a leg to piss on trees . 
 there was something i had forgotten in this time , and it was revenge . 
 slowly this memory returned to me , and under cover of darkness i made my way into the town of saint-chely . 
 in the shop windows , illuminated by the moonlight , i startled myself with my own appearance . 
 i had grown tall , and broad , and a scruff of hair covered the lower half of my face . 
 the parish there was easy to break into ; the doors were unlocked to welcome worshippers and offer sanctuary . 
 i could smell the priest asleep in his chambers . 
 an old man , sleeping soundly , for i could also hear his long and steady breaths . 
 using the holy water , i scrubbed my face and body clean , then wrapped myself in one of the many altar cloths and fell asleep . 
 upon the morn the priest found me there . 
 `` young man , have you no respect for god ? '' 
 he asked me with disapproval in his eyes . 
 this was when i discovered that human speech had not returned to me . 
 luckily , my guttural response was all he needed to assume that i was simple , or deaf , and he now saw me as a charity case rather than a degenerate . 
 `` poor boy , '' the priest clucked . 
 and he took me to his chambers , where he fitted me with some of his own clothes , and then gave me some bread and water and told me to sleep in his bed . 
 even tucked me in . 
 in the morning i helped the priest with some tasks around the church , then mumbled a garbled thank you and went on my way . 
 the priest pressed some coins into my hand , and i stared at them . 
 `` for food , '' he said slowly . 
 i nodded , although that was n't what had stopped me . 
 it was a scent i recognized . 
 i drifted out of the church and into the light . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 said a familiar voice , and i looked up to see none other than fallon loupe . 
 `` you know this boy ? '' 
 asked the priest , who had followed me outside . 
 `` he is my cousin . '' 
 fallon grinned , and clapped me on the back like we were old friends . 
 i snarled at him . 
 `` you 'd best to keep an eye on him , '' the priest warned . 
 `` i 've heard tell of a beast attacking young people out alone . '' 
 `` no worries , papa . 
 we 're part of the hunt . '' 
 fallon patted a wicked looking knife on his belt . 
 `` georges sometimes wanders off . 
 he 's never come to any harm . '' 
 `` good that . '' 
 the priest nodded and returned indoors . 
 he did not see how fallon gripped me by the arm and started marching me down the road . 
 he was joined quickly by several of his brothers , who surrounded me . 
 the stink of their otherness made my skin crawl with the need to be wolf . 
 `` you will remain human , '' fallon hissed in my ear . 
 his head jerked up , and he called out , `` hello , lady ! 
 fine morning ! '' 
 then his breath hot on my neck . 
 `` if you turn now , everyone will see . '' 
 i struggled to keep my smooth human skin , and was relieved when the boys reached the door to an inn and shoved me inside and up a narrow flight of stairs to a cramped room - perhaps only cramped due to there being five strapping young men and myself , as well as the seated figure of abelard . 
 the alpha in him stank of power , more so than my own father ever had . 
 he was dressed in the fashion of the day , a ruffled shirt , a fitted coat with brass buttons , with his hair combed back . 
 and yet he did not look like a dandy . 
 the expression on his face had been carved out of stone . 
 `` you dare remain in g vaudan after you were warned ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i cleared my throat to test my voice . 
 thankfully i could speak , though the tone was lower and more gravelly than i recalled . 
 `` i was told to leave the area . 
 that is why i am here , and not still in langogne . '' 
 abelard 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` after killing half a dozen in my backyard . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 abelard stood . 
 he was much larger than i had expected , towering half a foot over my head . 
 `` do you have no sense of self-preservation ? 
 do you not understand what will be done to someone of your nature ? '' 
 `` of our nature , '' i corrected him . 
 his brow hung low over his eyes . 
 `` our nature , '' he conceded . 
 `` pray tell , boy . 
 why do you roam so far from your pack ? '' 
 `` i have no pack . '' 
 `` i know your father . 
 for what crimes did he disown you ? 
 there are few he has not committed himself . '' 
 `` you knew my father . 
 he is dead now . '' 
 i leaned toward abelard and smiled . 
 `` i killed him . '' 
 `` then are you not alpha of the soissons pack ? '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` no . 
 you are a lone wolf . 
 they have cast you out rather than accept you as their leader . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` a wolf must have a pack , '' abelard said . 
 `` is this why you came to my territory ? 
 you wish to join my pack ? '' 
 if i said yes , would i then have to fight abelard for dominance ? 
 and should i kill him , would his sons reject me as leader as my brothers had ? 
 why , indeed , had i come down to g vaudan , their known territory , and watched them ? 
 had my original intentions been to join them ? 
 my mind felt clouded . 
 i could not remember what my more human self had been thinking . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` then why ? '' 
 i want to snarl at him , to destroy him , to tell him my plan to destroy his pack and thereby earn respect from my kin . 
 rather i kept my mouth shut and glared . 
 i could not think of another reason . 
 `` he is insane , '' abelard said to his sons . 
 `` kill him . '' 
 i have had worse odds , but i spoke quickly to avoid a fight i might possibly lose . 
 `` i am not insane , '' i said , even as i smelled the stink of wolf hair growing and felt claws piercing my arms where the loupe brothers held me . 
 `` please . 
 i 've not been taught how to conceal myself . 
 i will go and not return this time , i swear it . 
 please . '' 
 these words of begging pained me more than any wound . 
 abelard regarded me . 
 perhaps he could smell the lie on my breath . 
 `` you are young , '' he said finally . 
 `` you have not been taught . 
 and you also do not know me . 
 i make good on my promises . 
 i promise this : if you do not leave my territory immediately , you will die . '' 
 `` i will leave , i promise , '' i sputtered , playing the part . 
 `` you will . 
 if i should smell any trace of you , if i should hear of any more wild animal attacks , i will kill you . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i made my voice high and nervous , easy enough as i was near ready to laugh . 
 he regarded me again , then waved a hand . 
 `` bring him to the forest 's edge , '' he commanded . 
 for a long moment he looked around at his sons , then turned away . 
 the boys dragged me out . 
 by now all the village had woken and the boys shoved at me as though we were playing a game . 
 `` come along , drunkard , '' called fallon . 
 `` hold your liquor ! 
 hold your liquor ! '' 
 `` drunk already ? '' 
 called out one man carrying a hatchet over one shoulder . 
 `` you boys ought to be ashamed of yourselves ! '' 
 `` papa already gave him a whupping , '' said lucien gaily . 
 `` good man . '' 
 fallon leaned in and muttered , `` you 'd best play the part . '' 
 i allowed myself to stumble and weave even though the younger boys began jabbing at me with the butts of their rifles . 
 i felt myself growing more and more outraged , the wolf straining at my skin . 
 my wolf could kill all of them , i was certain of it . 
 finally , the smell of pine and grass and moist dirt overtook the city smells of defecation and human odor . 
 `` you will leave now , '' fallon said . 
 the boys at once released me . 
 i shrugged off their hands and stepped forward . 
 `` good riddance , '' added lucien . 
 `` are you going to stand there until i remove my clothes and turn ? '' 
 i asked nastily . 
 `` you enjoy looking upon naked men ? '' 
 fallon barked a laugh . 
 `` you are not a man . 
 now be gone . '' 
 but now they turned their backs . 
 and i leapt out of my clothes and ran . 
 -10 - i did not go far . 
 by sense i knew i was being followed . 
 abelard must have instructed his sons to track me , to ensure that i left . 
 if i went too far east , i smelled that stink of his marked territory . 
 if i went too far west , i could hear a presence there that drove me back to due south . 
 i slowed , and alternated hiding and running . 
 soon i began to hear the movements of others in the forest , not wolves . 
 the humans pounded their instruments against the ground . 
 they were trying to drive me out . 
 i tried to focus , to concentrate on the scents of the wolves , but the pounding destroyed my focus . 
 i began to run . 
 then i caught scent of a lovely young maid who smelled positively delicious . 
 the pasture , full of sheep , was immediately in my path . 
 what luck ! 
 i could have an audience as i devoured yet another victim , and abelard had literally driven me to it . 
 i had only just emerged from the trees when a loud crack filled the air and i fell . 
 not ten paces from me were two men , one holding a smoking musket . 
 there were others as well , peasants , watching with their pitchforks and hatchets and shovels . 
 leaping to my feet , i noticed that one of my hind legs was not working quite as i 'd expected , but i prepared to spring upon the hunters . 
 another crack , this time in my side , and i could not spring to my feet . 
 my breath had been stolen from my lungs . 
 the men were standing now , getting ready to come toward me . 
 with every ounce of strength i had , i dragged myself up and ran away , into the forest , away from the lovely girl , away from the hunters . 
 i heard the rifle crack yet again , and felt a sting like that of a bee in my hindquarters . 
 anger at these pesky humans filled me , and i spun to jump out of the forest again . 
 i had not much experience with guns , as papa tended to use snares and traps when he hunted . 
 i knew , however , that guns had a limited number of bullets . 
 once they ran out of ammunition , they would have to reload , and i could kill them . 
 i was farther from them when i reemerged , but still the bullet found me . 
 my body hit the ground and my head rang and i could not understand how it had come to this . 
 they were going to kill me . 
 would my body remain a beast 's after i died ? 
 i blinked at the sky that seemed to be turning black . 
 the crackle of many footsteps running through the tall grass snapped me out of my short misery . 
 escape , i had only to escape and i could heal . 
 it had taken me all of a day to heal from the blasted bulls ' attack , and i was much stronger now . 
 i struggled to my feet and began running despite the throbbing in my leg and the painful cramp in my side where a bullet was lodged . 
 behind me i heard the gasps of the peasants . 
 `` it is not affected by the bullets ! '' 
 called one man . 
 `` loup-garou ! '' 
 called out another . 
 `` it is a werewolf ! '' 
 my wolf mouth smiled at this , and i ran faster . 
 my legend had begun . 
 -11 - all along it had been a trap . 
 the boys had herded me straight toward the hunters , and waited for the hunters to do the work of killing me . 
 these realizations fueled me . 
 even as i ran , my leg began healing ; i could feel the muscles and sinews knitting themselves together . 
 pure luck , the bullet had passed straight through . 
 my ribs were another story . 
 by the time i had outdistanced the hunters , crossed several streams to throw off the scent , and found a cave in which to hide , i could feel my body pushing the bullet out . 
 when nightfall came , the wound still bled a little , but i had come up with a plan . 
 under the light of the moon , i emerged from my cave . 
 the air around me was cold and empty . 
 no stink of enemies . 
 the loupe boys had not tracked me . 
 i wondered if they had turned human again in order to make their appearance at the hunt , then not been able to turn wolf with so many witnesses . 
 and hunters ; the hunters would have killed any wolf , ignorant of whether or not the wolves were actually the beast . 
 i stretched my tight , knotted muscles , testing the newly mended areas . 
 good enough . 
 my feet moved lightly over the crunchy fallen leaves , my nose constantly sniffing and my ears on high alert . 
 it took most of the night to get back to saint-alban . 
 i followed my own trail of blood , and emerged from the forest in the morning twilight , while the world was still blue . 
 i turned human for a short while to pilfer some necessary supplies , then the wolf returned for the major part of the task . 
 the scent of the lovely maiden still lingered here , but i continued on to farther pastures , where i hid and waited . 
 the youth have an innocent reek , powerful and tempting . 
 easily i could imagine why it was said that unicorns would only approach the innocent . 
 they smell of sweeter times , carefree and energetic , a bud about to flower , an egg unhatched . 
 i followed two such innocents deep into the fields , a brother and sister who held hands and spoke of the exciting events of the previous evening . 
 `` they said the beast is dead , '' the girl said . 
 `` they shot the monster but it still lives , '' the boy replied . 
 they jumped in unison over a branch in the grass , alongside the sheep they herded . 
 `` the hunters did not find it . 
 they said it must be a werewolf . '' 
 `` oh , you 're just trying to scare me , '' the girl said . 
 i sprang upon them and had the boy by the throat before he could utter a sound . 
 i shook him until he was dead and limp in my teeth . 
 then i looked upon the girl , who had fallen and watched with a pale face and wide eyes and open mouth . 
 licking the blood from my jowls , my human side began to push forward . 
 i let my face slide until my mouth could form words . 
 she watched it all , disbelieving her own eyes . 
 `` what pretty eyes you have , '' i growled in the gutteral way my half-human throat could produce , then in a blink i was full wolf and i had my jaws around her skull . 
 the bones popped like a grape , and her lovely blood flooded down my esophagus . 
 ectasy . 
 i crunched just to hear the sounds , before remembering my plan . 
 the field was remote enough that i could turn human without anyone to see , and i lifted the two bodies and carried them to where i had stowed a gunny sack . 
 the two children fit inside , and then i carried them farther into the forest . 
 as human , my scent would not alert any hunting dog . 
 the loupe family , however , would be able to recognize my handiwork . 
 shame that i could not remain there to laugh at them : the poor peasant humans and confounded hunters horrified at my effigy , and the loupe family , who had not yet realized who they were dealing with . 
 -12 - my stunt had done what i had intended , and much more . 
 by the time i next visited civilization all i heard was talk of the beast . 
 i begged for scraps in my ragged borrowed clothing and listened . 
 `` the king commander is sending in the dragoon captain to lead the hunts , captain duhamel ... '' '' ... bringing soldiers , cavalry ... finally , the government sees the terror we face every day ! '' 
 `` after what happened in lagogne ? '' 
 `` i heard they shot the beast four times , point blank , and the bullets had no effect . '' 
 `` then they followed the injured creature , but could not find it before nightfall , and when they continued on the trail the following day , they found ... '' `` oh , do not say , it is too horrible ! '' 
 `` children . 
 it had killed children , and the body parts were assembled in a neat pile . '' 
 `` disgusting ! 
 it is not a simple beast then . 
 it must be loup-garou . 
 a man who is also a wolf . '' 
 `` the way it can cast spells on the bullets , i must say that is witchcraft . '' 
 i grinned and laughed as i listened , earning only hard stares from the villagers who thought i was simple or insane or both . 
 the days passed and i waited for the loupe family to come for me . 
 the more time that passed , the more confident i became that they had finally learned to fear me , and respect me . 
 and the less connected i became with reality . 
 i was there the day captain duhamel arrived , with fanfare and cavalry and entourage . 
 i was there on the day duhamel set off on his first hunt for the beast , one misty day in mid-november . 
 and then i laughed and laughed and laughed , for the captain would not find his beast in the forest , and the loupe boys would not find me either , traveling with the massive hunt . 
 if only they had chosen to stay behind , they might have found me . 
 my throat ached and my stomach hurt from all my laughter . 
 -13 - it was time to escalate my attacks . 
 an army was out hunting for me . 
 i had to keep the legend of the beast alive . 
 to do that , i would need witnesses . 
 in saint-denis , i leapt at a man in the road , in full view of another approaching villager . 
 i merely growled and puffed myself up so he could see that i was no ordinary wolf . 
 i snapped my teeth at him and knocked him down , spilling his cart of grain , then took off into the woods . 
 later i would hear the man describe a creature unlike any he had ever seen . 
 `` it had a long , long tail , which lashed out at me and knocked me down , '' he said after several liters of beer bought by the curious audience at the tavern . 
 `` its neck was long , a foot long . '' 
 he spread his hands apart to illustrate . 
 `` be gone , '' a voice said , and a boot pushed me out of the tavern 's doorway . 
 staggering , i merely grinned and stumbled away . 
 i could still hear the man . 
 `` and its fur was striped ... '' the following day i attacked several more people in the area , never killing them , nor even injuring them . 
 i allowed them to see me in my full glory . 
 duhamel 's first hunt had been unsuccessful , but now he was gathering for another and i wanted to play . 
 the entire forest was my playground . 
 i led them deep in . 
 when their guns went off , i feigned being shot , then jumped up and ran faster . 
 i would slow to allow their hunting dogs to catch up , then leave the hounds in my dust . 
 i knew when duhamel was not planning to go on a hunt , and those were the days when i would attack . 
 once , i allowed a man to fight me off with a stick , only to then feel so enraged by the encounter that i ran down an old woman and ripped her head off . 
 decapitation became my preferred method of killing . 
 i enjoyed the pop neck bones made as they separated , and the ensuing torrent of blood than ran down my throat . 
 the method horrified the peasants , who knew as well as i that a normal wolf 's jaws did not have the strength to rip a head from its shoulders , or crush a skull . 
 the beast of g vaudan was not an ordinary wolf . 
 `` perhaps it is a panther , '' suggested one of the hunters late one evening at a tavern in la bessellade . 
 i had sneaked inside , and using some coins i had stolen from one of my victims to purchase a bottle of wine . 
 though the barkeep glared at me , more for my stink than appearing too young for drink , i sit unobtrusively in a corner and drank and listened without causing any disturbance , and eventually his attentions drifted elsewhere . 
 `` or a tiger . 
 i have heard some say it is striped , or brindled . '' 
 `` how would a tiger have arrived in france ? '' 
 another asked . 
 `` the aristocrats may have such a beast in their menageries , but it would be known should one escape , non ? 
 or do you suggest this tiger crossed the ocean from africa , or travelled all the way from india ? '' 
 `` the romany have trained beasts , '' someone suggested . 
 `` this is not the work of a bear , '' scoffed the first man . 
 `` witnesses say striped coat , long tail and neck . 
 does this sound like a bear ? '' 
 the local priest arrived to give his opinion . 
 `` it can not be a corporeal creature , '' he announced . 
 `` bullets do not injure it . 
 it has wiles more so than the smartest fox . 
 clearly , this beast is a man who has made a contract with satan . 
 earthly weapons will not have any effect on such a monster . '' 
 `` you believe this is the work of a werewolf , father ? '' 
 `` it is obvious . '' 
 `` and how , pray tell , shall we rid our country of this werewolf ? '' 
 `` there is a text , the malleus maleficarum , which indicates how to identify a witch , through marks upon his body ... '' `` yes , father , once the offender is in custody . 
 but we have not caught it yet . '' 
 the priest interjected . 
 `` we must take notice of those in our own communities who do not attend mass ! '' 
 the men laughed . 
 `` father , such a hunt would find many a man here in g vaudan . '' 
 as the priest appeared perplexed , i finished off my wine and escaped the building . 
 even that short period of time in civilization was too much for me . 
 i ran until i had passed all the houses with candlelight glowing from their windows , my bare feet crunching through the late november frost . 
 then , once the arms of the forest welcomed me , i tore off my clothing and put on my fur coat . 
 -14 - with the onset of winter , i felt sluggish and wanting to sleep . 
 far off i found a cave where i allowed myself some solid rest . 
 the rocky hills would protect me from the hunts . 
 i slept through the new moon and did not wake for days . 
 when i did wake , i felt eyes upon me . 
 my nose detected nothing in my immediate surroundings . 
 animals had moved to hibernate now , and the world was icy and still with a slight blanket of snow covering all surfaces . 
 in the quiet , my ears strained to perceive who watched me . 
 as my senses failed me , i circled around the mouth of the cave , searching for the voyeur . 
 i imagined it could be the loupes , that family with the unfortunate name which alone could lead them to becoming a suspect . 
 my family had never taken a name . 
 we had always been of soissons , and used the simple surname ` de soissons . ' 
 we , of course , were simple hunters , peasants , and no officials demanded anything of us . 
 the loupe family , however , had some dealings with the government . 
 they had been chosen to aid captain duhamel in his hunts , and were well-known in the area as both hunters and as good businessmen , with their successful tavern and inn . 
 and yet , i did not believe this watcher had been sent by abelard . 
 i could find no trace of their pungent enemy scent that had served so well in helping me to evade the hunting parties . 
 though the loupes certainly had good reason to hunt me down independent of duhamel 's beats , would even they have been able to escape public notice for long enough to find this spot ? 
 for two days i searched , only to find no trace of any other creature . 
 my stomach complained , and with no evidence that this watcher had been anything more than my own paranoid imagination , i returned to civilization . 
 i killed the first human i saw : some middle-aged peasant woman , whose head i tore from her body . 
 ah , sweet sang ! 
 red rivers watered my throat . 
 ecstasy . 
 -15 - my drive toward revenge had been all but forgotten ; it was a distant memory . 
 bloodlust was all i knew . 
 one morning in mid-december i caught scent of something so lovely , so delicious , i immediately began tracking it . 
 a girl , a sweet package of ripe flesh - the first whiff was of an addictive perfume . 
 the longer i traced it , the miles i travelled , the more my hunger grew , the need gnawing at my bones . 
 i had to have her . 
 it took two days of tracking to find her . 
 i was close , so close . 
 her scent enveloped me , teased me on the cold winter wind , confused me as it whipped past my nostrils . 
 alternatively i smelled that sweet , sweet nectar , and something else . 
 something familiar , but slightly foreign . 
 i stopped , confused , waited , sniffed , smelled her , that absolute loveliness , and i surged forward again . 
 then stopped . 
 that odd scent . 
 i saw her . 
 she was surrounded , others helping her . 
 she and the odd scent were one and the same . 
 i remained hidden in the bushes , watching as the girl - picture of beauty , fresh and young skin , so creamy and mouth-watering - was escorted to her house . 
 all night i watched , but she did not exit the home . 
 the next day and the next - whenever she left , she was accompanied , usually by men carrying muskets or axes . 
 then on the third day , i heard horses clattering down the road . 
 by this time i was starved and half-mad : i could not understand why she smelled so delicious and yet also smelled of something strange , all i wanted was to devour her whole . 
 i knew who the rider was before he arrived . 
 he had his entourage with him , a collection of men armed with muskets and bayonets and knives . 
 they clattered up to the girl 's home and went inside . 
 captain duhamel remained inside for most of the day . 
 i could hear some of the conversation : the girl spoke of being attacked by the beast . 
 pacing , i tried to recall the past days . 
 bloodlust had clouded my thinking , but i did not believe i had attacked the girl . 
 i had barely seen her gleaming auburn curls never mind been able to taste her . 
 had i come close enough i might not have been able to restrain myself . 
 with the captain 's men guarding the house and occasionally patrolling , peering into the trees , i had no opportunity to hear duhamel 's interview or receive any more clues as to the girl 's testimony . 
 nearing the early sunset of the winter solstice , duhamel emerged from the house and he and his men mounted and rode off . 
 i had been lightly napping and awoke at the clatter of hooves . 
 stealthily , i followed the men , staying in the forest as best i could , and waiting until the men were out of eyesight when they reached a part of road through open fields . 
 not earshot , as my sensitive ears could hear the racket from miles away . 
 the men were never so far that i felt concerned that i would lose them . 
 they had reached an inn in the center of civergot soon enough , and i was forced to depart to find clothing and turn human . 
 at this time of year , few people hung out their wash , making it much more difficult to abscond with fresh , clean clothing . 
 it was not long before i came across a house with darkened windows and only the faintest smell of humans ; peering into the windows , i could see the home was still furnished . 
 the owners must have gone away for the winter , or perhaps had to travel to visit family . 
 whatever the reason , they had locked their house up and gone , and it was little trouble to smash a window and allow myself access to their dresser drawers . 
 the clothes were ill-fitting , but on the loose side , and there were warm knit socks and boots and a thick sweater to keep off the cold . 
 curiously , this family also owned a mirror , a luxury not often seen in many homes . 
 i peered into the dimly reflective surface . 
 i hardly looked a boy of near-fifteen years ; my facial hair had grown in and my shoulders were broad from a life of constant exercise and good meals . 
 i had no scissors to neaten my appearance . 
 one drawer yielded a small purse of livres , and i helped myself and made my way down to the inn . 
 `` a room for the night , if you please , '' i asked of the innkeep , who pretended not to notice my unkempt appearance after i pulled out the purse . 
 he called for his daughter to show me to a room . 
 the girl had all the makings of a spinster . 
 homely face , hair that wisped about her head , a frumpy dress that did little to flatter her . 
 and yet my nose detected something sweet about her , so i made some kind words before she parted , and she seemed to appreciate my smile . 
 i waited until i heard the other patrons moving down to the dining hall for supper before i left my room . 
 inhaling deeply , i tracked down what i thought might be duhamel 's chamber . 
 the door was unlocked . 
 i stole inside and looked around , my gaze landing on freshly inked parchment . 
 i snatched up the papers and glanced over the words . 
 in the letter duhamel had given a description straight from the lips of the sweet girl . 
 she described the beast as being the size of a young bull , with white neck and white belly , but red fur overall with a black stripe along its back . 
 i knew not what color my wolf pelt was . 
 i had always assumed i was a solid gray , that being the color of my paws and tail . 
 i read on . 
 duhamel spent much time on her description of the beast 's six long talons on each paw . 
 `` it is not a hyena as theorized , '' he wrote . 
 `` for i have been told that hyenas have but four stubby toes . '' 
 six talons ? 
 i could not say how many talons i had . 
 five , like the number of fingers ? 
 i nearly dropped the papers . 
 my brother martin had an extra finger on each hand . 
 grandfather had also had six fingers . 
 the girl had apparently been attacked by this beast and fended off the creature with the use of an axe . 
 she claimed to have split the muzzle of the beast with the blade . 
 i nearly dropped the papers . 
 martin , could he be here ? 
 my immediate conclusion was that martin had been sent by jean-pierre to kill me . 
 that would not , however , explain why he had attacked the girl . 
 too long i had lingered in duhamel 's chamber . 
 i hurried out silently and joined the supper already in progress . 
 `` master jean , '' said the innkeep 's daughter , blushing . 
 `` i have saved a seat for you . '' 
 i smiled at her , eying the empty chair beside her , but my thoughts lay elsewhere . 
 little did i realize this behavior would keep her attentions . 
 as i chewed thoroughly cooked beef in a stew of vegetables - all the while wishing it were raw - the girl chattered away . 
 `` where do you hail from , master jean ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` north , '' i said . 
 duhamel sat farther down the long table , speaking loudly of the beast . 
 `` six talons , '' he repeated several times . 
 `` but the coloring , it is similar to the hyena , '' one of his men said . 
 `` which province ? '' 
 the girl persisted . 
 i had half a mind to tell her to shut her trap , but i kept a civil tongue . 
 `` soissons , '' i said , not even looking at her . 
 `` have you experienced any wolf attacks in the north ? '' 
 asked one of the duhamel 's men sitting near . 
 `` you have heard of the terrible beast which roams the forests of g vaudan ? '' 
 `` i have heard tell , sir , '' i said . 
 `` i am thankful soissons has not seen such madness . '' 
 `` lucky , indeed . 
 there have been nearly fifty attacks from this beast . '' 
 `` you are certain it is the same creature ? '' 
 i asked , for i could not help myself . 
 `` two beasts ? 
 captain , we have considered this theory , have we not ? '' 
 captain duhamel looked up and gazed down the table at me . 
 `` certainly we have . 
 not two beasts , but a man and a beast . '' 
 `` a trained hyena , '' insisted the man at duhamel 's right . 
 the captain appeared annoyed . 
 `` as i said , thomas , the beast has six talons , not four . 
 it is not a hyena . '' 
 `` you believe the testimony of a hysterical girl ? '' 
 thomas said . 
 duhamel slapped his hand on the table . 
 `` she was quite composed when i spoke to her , and she handled the attack better than many men , i would say . '' 
 `` perhaps you have found a potential mate . '' 
 the men laughed at that . 
 `` a hyena ? '' 
 i asked , playing the part of a simpleton . 
 `` what sort of beast is this hyena ? '' 
 `` one would find them largely in africa and asia , '' duhamel explained . 
 `` although some aristocrats would almost certainly have one in their menagerie . '' 
 `` and you believe one has escaped ? '' 
 `` no , i do not , '' duhamel said , wiping his mouth with his napkin . 
 `` good night , gentlemen . 
 keep in mind that we shall depart early for our hunt tomorrow . '' 
 he stood and left . 
 `` look at what you 've done , thomas , '' said the man near me . 
 `` your hyena theory has been disproven . 
 stop angering the captain . '' 
 `` the girl 's testimony means nothing . 
 as though she could recall how many toes the beast had as she fought it off . '' 
 `` a hyena is a wild beast . 
 you believe it is trained , as well ? '' 
 `` a trained beast , attacked who its owner pleases . '' 
 `` thus we have a killer , and not the random attacks of a beast . '' 
 i spoke up . 
 `` this sounds absurd . 
 a man with an agenda , killing his victims with a trained hyena ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i could believe two beasts , simply because of the number of attacks and the area the beast would have to cover . '' 
 i did not mention that i could travel those distances easily . 
 any wolf could , really , but a wild creature would not have a reason to do so . 
 `` but a man ? '' 
 `` there have been several instances which have far too much cunning to rule out human involvement . '' 
 `` cunning ? '' 
 i gave a little smile , though i wanted to grin and laugh and beat my chest and say , `` i did this ! '' 
 `` there was an incident in langogne , '' thomas began , only to be interrupted by another man . 
 `` come now , thomas , you doubt the girl 's word , but you trust that of any other peasants ? '' 
 `` there was more than one witness , '' thomas said , his voice rising . 
 `` the witnesses saw the beast take four bullets . 
 the witnesses tried to track the beast down . 
 and the following day , all of the witnesses saw the pile of children 's corpses and body parts stacked like firewood ! 
 tell me , which beast stacks its victims but man ? '' 
 `` what men do you know who do such a thing ? '' 
 i stood and scraped my chair from the table . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i did not care if these men would believe me to have a weak stomach . 
 the talk of hyenas bored me . 
 i had only one desire : to track down this second beast . 
 my brother . 
 -16 - the trail that would have led me straight to martin was as cold as the air around me . 
 my fur coat warmed me more than the meager clothing i 'd worn as a human , however , and i was glad to be free of the stink of humans . 
 my room being paid for in advance , i 'd not worried about disappearing in the night ; it saved me from the possibility of the innkeep 's daughter sniffing around as well . 
 i went straightaway to the place where the attack was said to have occurred . 
 if the maid had indeed split martin 's face with an axe , surely there would be blood and i could reacquaint myself with his scent . 
 the moonlight illuminated some evidence of a struggle : broken stalks of grass and shrubbery , scuffles in the dirt and snow . 
 i sniffed the ground . 
 this scent i had smelled before , a brief hint on the wind as i moved from place to place hunting . 
 i had assumed it was memory , but now i realized i had been crossing paths with my own brother . 
 the pine trees of soissons , smoke and the boiled offal used to tan a hide , and blood . 
 likely martin would be miles away by now . 
 three days had passed since the attack and duhamel 's arrival . 
 the scent was faint , and i lost it after less than half a mile . 
 he had n't been running off in a straight line . 
 how badly had he been injured ? 
 the blood trail stopped and i was at a loss . 
 a howl ripped out of me before i could think about it . 
 i called for him , my brother , my lost family , he who had shown his respect for me and his loyalty to my leadership by his actions . 
 i trotted along , hoping i might smell him again . 
 then , my ears twitched . 
 was that ... ? 
 an answering howl . 
 -17 - i smelled him before i saw him . 
 his fur was a reddish color , with black points and black stripe along the ridge of his back . 
 i recognized him mostly from the girl 's descriptions , though now that i saw him , i recognized his coloring from the fateful night when i had my first turning . 
 it had been dark then , and so much of my focus had been on papa and allain 's attacks , and martin had always blended in with the middle of our pack . 
 he smelled me shortly thereafter , and his ears perked my way . 
 -lrb- georges ! -rrb- 
 my legs stiffened , and i slid a few inches in the snow as i stopped . 
 his voice was in my head . 
 -lrb- yes , stupid . 
 hello ! -rrb- 
 i shook my head . 
 then tested it out . 
 -lrb- martin ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- yes , yes , hello brother ! -rrb- 
 -lrb- how is this happening -rrb- -lrb- i do n't know . 
 it just happens -rrb- martin made his way to me , and cautiously i moved toward him . 
 -lrb- how did you find me ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- why did you find me ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- it was n't difficult . 
 you are famous . 
 infamous . 
 maman was enraged when he first heard about the attacks . -rrb- 
 -lrb- you knew it was me right away ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- first we thought it might be the loupe pack , but it did n't make sense . 
 this is their territory , has been for centuries . 
 jean-pierre thought the inbreeding might have finally led them all into insanity , but maman said she had met abelard loupe , and the man rules his pack with an iron fist . -rrb- 
 martin and i were finally face to face , or muzzle to muzzle . 
 i could see crusted blood marring his face , which did n't seem to align correctly . 
 yet it appeared to be fully healed . 
 at this moment , i had no idea what to do . 
 how were alphas supposed to greet their pack ? 
 martin made this easy for me . 
 he threw himself down onto his back , presenting his stomach to me . 
 i nodded , and he stood again . 
 -lrb- so they figured it was me ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- we 'd not heard of any other lone wolves . 
 we could all feel it , as well . 
 it is not so easy to sever pack ties . -rrb- 
 -lrb- you did not reject my leadership ? -rrb- 
 -lrb- i made a mistake , brother . 
 i am here to serve you and atone for that sin . 
 i know this to be true : we are powerful creatures , and humans should live in fear of us . 
 you have helped me to see this . -rrb- 
 my chest puffed up at this . 
 i was powerful , and the people did fear me . 
 if martin could see this , so then could other werewolves . 
 i could amass a pack , and we could rule the world . 
 -lrb- yes yes yes -rrb- -lrb- i have killed twelve for you , alpha . -rrb- 
 martin did a little bow , bending one forepaw and lowering his upper body to the ground . 
 twelve ? 
 he knew the exact number ? 
 my kills were numerous , but i had not kept track of them all . 
 i had spent a lot of time in the red . 
 -lrb- it is a happy time , brother . 
 christmastide is near , and we can be together with family on this good day -rrb- -lrb- let us feast -rrb- -18 - captain duhamel went forth with his men , but they would not find either of us . 
 we had split up , gone in different directions , and killed . 
 all the better to confuse him . 
 in my head i could not yet feel martin 's presence more than as a faint shadow ; martin told me later that he had killed a toddler , snatching the little boy up in his teeth and shaking him until the neck snapped , all while the mother watched . 
 for my part i had scented something delicious , which turned out to be an effeminate young lad , the foppish sort i imagined would be plentiful among the aristocracy . 
 i ripped his head from his body and drank the fresh blood that coursed down my throat . 
 several days later , martin and i hunted again in a similar manner . 
 this time i managed to find a tasty morsel , once i tore through her thick woolen clothes ; martin made several attacks but was unsuccessful . 
 two small children , protected by their parents . 
 the intense cold made our wolves sleepy and wanting hibernation , and we laid low for near a week before crawling up out of the snow and approaching the world again . 
 i had a very clear idea of how i wanted to proceed . 
 people would not fear us if we attacked their defenseless children , especially if they could fight us off . 
 -lrb- this time we attack grown women -rrb- martin did not seem pleased with this . 
 -lrb- what if the women have small children with them ? 
 can i kill the children then ? -rrb- 
 i hoped martin could not feel my disgust . 
 -lrb- yes . 
 but kill the woman first . -rrb- 
 we split up . 
 i had been practicing in close proximity , and now i was fully able to feel what martin felt as he raced through the trees . 
 it was a trick necessary to making sure martin was following my orders . 
 i found a woman out in her fields , collecting kindling , and took her out swiftly . 
 it had become so much easier since my first attempt , with the cattle . 
 with each victim , i could either rip out the throat or i could fully sink my teeth into their necks and snap - off with their heads . 
 this time i let her bleed out . 
 her blood winked bright red on the fresh snow . 
 it was after midday . 
 already the sun was sinking and the tree shadows grown long . 
 after escaping a safe distance from the town , i sought out the bond which connected me to martin . 
 he was stalking , searching . 
 he desperately wanted children . 
 he prowled homes out near the forests , sniffing out babies . 
 he 'd been doing this for hours - picking up a scent , hunting it down , finding the children indoors . 
 here was a woman , with three young babes safely behind doors , while she fed the chickens . 
 if he did not kill her now , he would miss his opportunity and have to find another victim . 
 -lrb- martin , stop searching . 
 kill now . -rrb- 
 he sighed , sending a yearning thought toward the closed door to the woman 's home . 
 then he did as ordered and lunged at her . 
 instead of simply attacking , perhaps eating a bit , martin killed her slowly . 
 he used his claws to gash her face , her arms , her stomach . 
 after the first minute , the blood loss diminished her screams . 
 then , to my horror , martin mounted the woman and rutted her as her life bled out onto the ground . 
 -lrb- they will fear us now , brother -rrb- he called his out to me in his mind , throwing his head back in ecstasy . 
 -lrb- we will rule the world -rrb- -19 - in early january of 1765 , as martin 's presence rankled , we were treated to a welcome reprieve : captain duhamel 's new strategy . 
 the frost had crusted over the snow fallen earlier in the week , and a large , brutish creature paced back and forth wearing a dress and wig . 
 scattered through the field were many soldiers of duhamel 's dragoon , `` hiding '' themselves by wearing sheepskins or other disguises . 
 for hunters , these men were surely stupid . 
 my nose could detect male from female , human from sheep . 
 for days martin and i watched this charade go on , laughing and making jokes via the strange communication in our minds . 
 -lrb- they are truly desperate now -rrb- eventually the men had to give up ; the weather conditions were too severe for a man to survive the cold in a gown . 
 the day duhamel and his men left , i ordered martin to venture down and make an attack . 
 on this i was testing him . 
 -lrb- attack a child . 
 but do not kill him -rrb- martin did as asked , and we turned human simply to hear the men discuss the attack later that evening . 
 we laughed and played the part of drunks . 
 largely we toasted ourselves on what we considered a victory . 
 the following day , we attacked men . 
 we took turns ; this way the witness reports would vary wildly - some describing martin 's coloring , other 's describing mine . 
 on january twelfth , i decided that we would split up , and attack in different areas at the same time . 
 martin went to chanaleilles , while i headed to mazel-de-grezes . 
 finally free of my brother and my concern over his choice of victims , i tracked down a sweet girl about a year younger than me . 
 she was ripe as a plump strawberry in the middle of june , and i tore into her , gulping down hunks of her juicy flesh , shuddering with the pleasure . 
 as i made my way back to the caves where martin and i had agreed to meet , i reflected on this truly perfect day . 
 i should have known better . 
 i had not bothered to check on martin through our bond at all , and when he returned to the cave , many hours after i had arrived , his fur was matted with blood . 
 moreover , he appeared defeated and angry and hungry . 
 we had stashed some supplies in our cave : clothing , water , matches , firewood , and some hunting tools , stolen from victims or from abandoned homes . 
 i had changed to human and built up a fire , largely because i wanted to revel in my memories of the girl as a human . 
 `` what has happened ? '' 
 i demanded of martin , as he came into the cave and collapsed by the fire . 
 he turned his face away . 
 `` you are not seriously harmed ? '' 
 again , he did not respond , and so i resorted to another method . 
 -lrb- brother , what has happened -rrb- in response he flicked an ear , then turned human . 
 naked and shivering , and covering in many welts and bruises , he crawled to the pile of clothing and pulled on some woolens and then covered himself in a blanket . 
 `` martin , why do you not speak to me ? '' 
 `` you will find out soon enough , '' martin muttered , then curled up under the blanket . 
 once he was asleep , i stood and shed my own clothing . 
 as wolf i made my way down to chanaleilles , but by this time it was the middle of night and even the drunkards had made their way home from the taverns . 
 the entire town was eerie and silent and foreboding . 
 -20 - with martin not speaking to me , i decided it would be best to part ways . 
 `` we can return here at any point , but i feel like roaming the countryside , '' i tried to explain . 
 `` i think perhaps we 've become too ... predictable ? 
 i want to return to that beast who simply wandered and killed what he liked . '' 
 martin 's injuries had healed , but he remained cocooned in his blanket . 
 `` fine . '' 
 being away from martin was a simple way to avoid a problem that i could n't quite articulate . 
 my immediate thought was that martin 's killing children was wrong . 
 it made me angry . 
 my parents had never given us much by way of morals . 
 each sunday we had accompanied them to church , and learned what civilization taught of morals . 
 thou shalt not kill , thou shalt honor thy mother and father , thou shalt not covet thy neighbor 's wife ... yet , it is natural for god 's creatures to kill one another . 
 wolves will fight for territory and leadership , and kill for it . 
 likewise , men are inclined to war , and killing for the same reasons as wolves . 
 men killing men , that was natural . 
 men killing children was wrong . 
 and yet , i myself had killed children . 
 it was the most heinous crime i knew , until i had seen martin fucking a corpse . 
 the children , why had the children bothered me so ? 
 i considered this as i killed again and again , and even bit the head off a toddler just to understand . 
 no , it was not the killing of children that bothered me ... approximately two weeks after martin 's injuries , i turned human and ventured into a town . 
 martin had said i would find out soon enough . 
 i vowed to gather what knowledge i could about that night . 
 in saint-poncy i visited an inn , and as i inquired about rooms , i asked the innkeep , `` have you had many attacks here ? '' 
 `` only a few , '' the man said . 
 `` and no deaths . 
 some travelers reported being attacked on the road into town , but they managed to fend off the beast . '' 
 it was a struggle not to smile . 
 i had attacked those men , and left them so they could continue on their way . 
 instead , i feigned some trepidation . 
 `` so the beast is close then ? '' 
 `` ah , i am not so worried about this great beast , '' the innkeep said . 
 `` have you not heard the tale of portefraix ? '' 
 `` the name does not ring a bell , '' i said . 
 `` he 's a young boy , lives in chanaleilles . 
 there was a group of children that day , and the beast attacked the youngest , boy of eight years , dragged him off into the bog . 
 well , most of the other children were afraid and wanted to run away and leave the little child to his fate . 
 but portefraix rallied them , and with their work tools they chased the beast and beat the creature until it released the little boy . '' 
 `` oh , my , '' i said . 
 so this was martin 's story . 
 he had attacked children , again , and they had fought him off . 
 `` the beast is not so fearsome as some believe , if a group of children can fend it off . 
 honestly , it makes me wonder about this captain and his army who can not find trace of the beast . '' 
 `` he does seem to be somewhat incompetent . '' 
 like my brother , i wanted to add . 
 `` even the king thinks so . 
 he has proclaimed that the french state will help to hunt down the beast . '' 
 `` excellent , '' i said , though i felt quite the opposite . 
 i went to the little room i had rented and sat upon the bed , thinking . 
 here was the problem : it was not that martin attacked children , but more that he could not always kill them . 
 children were easy kills , as were the young , and usually women were easy as well - especially when not guarded by cattle . 
 that moment still shamed me . 
 i liked to believe i was more skilled now , a better hunter , and that first time was a mere fluke . 
 after all , if i left a victim alive , it was for my own reasons . 
 martin , on the other hand , seemed to have difficulty . 
 and this story , that of portefraix , now had the populace believing the beast was not fearsome , but rather a nuisance . 
 i sighed and flopped back on the mattress , looking up at the timbers in the ceiling . 
 i had begun this rampage as a means to incriminate the loupe family - a plan which had never truly begun , as i had never procured a wolf pelt to hide among their possessions . 
 i had been so naive then , it was hard to believe it was less than a year before that i had believed the townspeople would go marching onto abelard 's property and find the wolf pelt and convict the whole lot of witchcraft . 
 how could i have even managed to cast suspicion on abelard or his sons in order to warrant a search ? 
 abelard was careful . 
 his pack followed rules . 
 they did not prey on humans , and they did not mate with outsiders . 
 his participation in the hunts only meant that he was present and accounted for , and above suspicion . 
 unless ... imagine if abelard were to shoot his own son while on the hunt . 
 even if another hunter shot abelard 's son , abelard would have to react . 
 if i could perhaps befriend the loupe boys , perhaps go to them with my problem of martin ... i could earn their trust . 
 we could hunt martin together , but in the end i could betray them . 
 and perhaps i would solve my problem of martin along the way . 
 i had no idea if a wolf , once shot , returned to his human form . 
 if that was the case , this plan would work splendidly . 
 -21 - i made my way back to langogne . 
 this time i would be direct : i would walk up to the loupe 's front door . 
 abelard would still be away , with several of his sons , but not all of them . 
 for the past two days i had managed to remain human , and had even taken a razor to my hair . 
 i was the most civilized i had been since that first night i turned wolf . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i had not even reached the vicinity of the house when i heard the voice from the thick foliage surrounding the place . 
 had someone been hiding out , watching for me ? 
 my hands shaking , i raised them up , showing i had no weapons . 
 `` please , i know i was forbidden to return , but i need abelard 's help . '' 
 a boy came from the bushes . 
 he was roughly my age , though slighter and shorter than me . 
 `` you are georges de soissons , then . '' 
 `` yes . 
 please , i need to speak with abelard . 
 he is your father , yes ? '' 
 `` abelard is not here . 
 you must go . '' 
 `` please , i need help . 
 might i speak with someone else ? 
 fallon , or lucien ? '' 
 `` you could speak with my mother . '' 
 a woman ? 
 no . 
 `` perhaps you could ... help me ? '' 
 the boy folded his arms . 
 `` papa wants you dead . 
 honestly , you have the nerve to come here , after all you 've done ? '' 
 `` he has the wrong idea about me , '' i pleaded . 
 `` he believes i am to blame for all of these attacks . 
 i did make some ... mistakes ... when i first turned wolf . 
 i had no one to teach me . 
 but after your father told me to leave , i did . '' 
 hopefully this son had n't heard too many details about the incident last fall . 
 i had purposely left my scent there for abelard 's sons to find . 
 `` i went south . 
 then i heard of all these attacks , and i returned to figure out who this beast could be . 
 and i found him . '' 
 the boy cocked his head . 
 `` you found the beast ? 
 did you perhaps look in a mirror ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` listen ... what is your name ? '' 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 `` you know my name . '' 
 the boy hesitated . 
 i had a feeling he had been instructed to kill me on sight , but given that he was alone and not calling for help meant that he was n't sure he could kill me . 
 and he was n't sure i was n't telling the truth . 
 `` i am called gregoire . '' 
 `` hear me , gregoire . 
 i am just as appalled as you . 
 children murdered , so many attacks , some victims even ravaged - i met with captain duhamel , the man who - '' gregoire looked bored . 
 `` i am well aware of who he is . '' 
 `` it was shortly after an attack on a young woman who claimed to have split the beast 's muzzle with an axe . '' 
 i pointed to my own face . 
 `` do you see a scar ? '' 
 `` we do n't get scars , '' gregoire retorted . 
 `` my brother martin has a scar now , '' i said , tracing a line across my face . 
 `` a thin line , where his fur does not grow . 
 furthermore , the description duhamel gathered from the young lady was of a beast with my brother 's markings . 
 in particular , she insisted that the beast had six talons on each paw . '' 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` martin has six fingers on his hands . '' 
 gregoire did not appear bored any longer . 
 `` you found your brother , then , after the attack ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i followed the trail of his blood . 
 he was thrilled to see me . 
 he wanted me to join him on his killing spree . 
 i had to lie and tell him i would go kill on my own and meet up with him later . 
 instead i came here . '' 
 gregoire gestured for me to follow him into his house . 
 `` come . 
 it is too cold to stand outside talking without our wolfskins on . '' 
 he opened the door and called out . 
 `` maman ! 
 we have a visitor . '' 
 maman loupe stepped into the room with a musket on her shoulder aimed at me . 
 `` no need to shout , gregoire . 
 you know how senstive my ears are . '' 
 she cocked the gun . 
 `` and my nose . '' 
 once again i raised my hands in surrender . 
 `` maman , georges has come to us for help - '' `` shh . 
 you , boy . 
 you say you came straight here after your brother demanded you join him ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i can smell when you lie , '' she said . 
 `` that girl was attacked in the middle of december . 
 you know what month we are in ? '' 
 `` february , '' i mumbled . 
 `` exactly . 
 it is the first of february . 
 this is why i do not trust you to be in my home . 
 you have done your fair share of killing , have you not ? '' 
 i put as much feeling as i could into my words , and tried not to let the fear of maman loupe 's musket affect me . 
 `` please , madame , i have not killed ... much . 
 i admit i did allow my brother to bully me into helping him . 
 but finally now i was able to escape his immediate influence . 
 he is much more dangerous than i am . 
 older , more skilled . 
 moreover , he enjoys killing babies and small children . 
 we must stop him before it is too late . '' 
 `` and you are so weak you can not kill him yourself ? '' 
 `` i have tried and failed , '' i said . 
 `` maman , we can help him ! 
 papa would like nothing more than to kill the beast . 
 georges says he has a plan to meet up with his brother again . 
 all we would need to do is lie in wait . '' 
 finally maman loupe lowered her gun . 
 `` your father will need to decide . 
 he will be home tomorrow . '' 
 in the meantime , maman loupe told me i could eat supper with them and sleep in the barn . 
 `` i will be barring the doors to the house , '' she told me , shoving some scratchy , stinky blankets into my arms . 
 `` my husband is on his way . 
 if he should find that you have harmed any of us , or even one feather on any of our chickens , he will kill you . '' 
 abelard had not followed through with his previous threat . 
 he must have known i was still in g vaudan , and yet he , like duhamel , had not killed the beast . 
 but i nodded meekly , and accepted their charity , and in the night i pulled out the piece of wolf pelt and hid it in their barn . 
 i had n't been able to find a single wolf all summer . 
 on my trek to the loupe farm , i had come across one 's path . 
 easy kill - it was half-starved from the winter . 
 the night cold chilled me to the bone , and thoughts of facing abelard again made my mind race , so once the moon had risen into the stars , i removed my clothing and turned wolf and slept in furs . 
 i heard abelard coming long before he arrived . 
 as human i broke through the thin layer of ice in the trough for the one cow and scrubbed the sleep from my face . 
 he was still on the road , in a cart driven by a skittish horse . 
 when he suddenly urged the horse faster , i knew he had smelled me . 
 i composed myself , made sure i was dressed and civilized looking , then sat on one of the milking stools and waited . 
 he blew past maman loupe and gregoire and nearly tore the barn door off its hinges . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 he roared , and then he was on me . 
 his hands closed around my throat . 
 do not fight do not fight my wolf had been tightly controlled yesterday , but this physical assault was more than my wolf could bear silently . 
 he growled in my throat . 
 i clenched my teeth and kept my balled fists at my side . 
 abelard would not simply kill me . 
 gregoire and his mother would stop him before that happened . 
 i refused to fight . 
 `` you dare come into my home , you filthy murderer , '' abelard spat , shaking me , then letting me go long enough to allow me to gasp in a lungful of air before he punched me in the face . 
 an explosion went off in my suddenly black vision . 
 when it cleared i was down in the hay , reeling . 
 when my hearing returned , i could hear maman loupe speaking rapidly to abelard . '' 
 ... is another wolf who is killing children ... '' abelard looked down on me , then reached down . 
 i made sure to flinch as he grabbed a fistful of my shirt and hauled me to standing . 
 `` another wolf ? 
 your brother ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i gasped . 
 that part was not an act . 
 `` his name is martin . '' 
 `` and would he perhaps be the red and black wolf who has been seen ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i have long suspected you had an accomplice . 
 after all , my sons told me your wolf is a burnished gray . 
 might have been that some could call your fur red , but not likely . 
 not with the black markings too . '' 
 `` please , he forced me to - '' abelard casually smacked me in the face . 
 this time my wolf was harder to force down . 
 `` save your breath , '' he said . 
 `` he did n't force you to do anything . 
 you killed jean de soissons , a man-wolf who has ruled that territory for over eighty years . 
 he was extremely powerful , and you , a thirteen-year-old pipsqueak , killed him like it was child 's play . 
 your brother martin , who did not kill your father , and would submit to you as his alpha , could not possibly force you to follow his orders . '' 
 i did not know what to say to that , so i kept quiet . 
 part of me got stuck on the words `` eighty years . '' 
 papa had never mentioned that werewolves lived so long . 
 nor that he himself had lived so long . 
 `` but , you wish him to be killed . 
 i wish this also . 
 i do n't care if this is because you are such a weak alpha you can not control him , or if this is some kind of revenge for your family , but i will help you in this . '' 
 `` you will ? '' 
 could abelard possibly be so stupid ? 
 `` why is that so surprising ? 
 we want to kill the beast who endangers all of us who can turn wolf . '' 
 abelard 's black eyes bored into me . 
 `` is that not also your goal ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said slowly . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 martin is sloppy and careless and if we do not stop him , he will - '' `` shut up , '' abelard commanded , and i felt something strange in me then , something i had not felt since i had killed papa . 
 kill him i jerked backward and took several steps away from abelard . 
 it was all i could do not to lunge out of my skin and sink my fangs into him . 
 the man gazed at me with a small , knowing smile . 
 `` yes , you are an alpha , are n't you . '' 
 -22 - captain duhamel was planning a large hunt in just a few days . 
 `` enormous , '' abelard said , spreading out a map of the region . 
 `` he has called for all able hands in over 100 villages . 
 there will be thousands out searching for the beast . 
 most of these will only have pickaxes and shovels , but there will be a few gunmen ... myself included . 
 it is likely your brother may be caught no matter if i help or no . '' 
 `` bullets do n't seem to hurt him , '' i said . 
 when abelard raised an eyebrow , i amended , `` me . 
 i heal very quickly . 
 would n't that be the same for martin ? '' 
 `` i am certain you are a good deal stronger than he . 
 bullets are the best weapon we have , although in close quarters a knife or axe or sword is even better . 
 a wolf can die of blood loss if he sustains grievous wounds ... but in any case , it is wise to decapitate the creature to insure its death . '' 
 i pointed out the location of the cave where martin and i had planned to meet . 
 from the bond i knew martin had not killed since we had parted ways . 
 perhaps he was ashamed still of his loss against a band of children . 
 he should have been , anyway . 
 we came up with a plan . 
 i would go with abelard and his sons to the area near the truyere river . 
 there , i would use the bond to call to martin for help . 
 the hunters would lie in wait there , and once the wolf emerged , it would be simple as shooting fish in a barrel . 
 for the days in between , however , i was forced to sleep in the barn and share space with the loupe clan . 
 by the day of the hunt , i was ready to jump out of my skin , and had in fact spent several hours each night running as wolf and hunting small game . 
 creatures like muskrat , raccoon , and wild boar were far more difficult kills than humans , and i found that i enjoyed honing my skills , even if i disliked the taste . 
 the sky was dark when we awoke on the morning of the hunt . 
 snow fell gently as we loaded our weapons and gear into the wagon . 
 it was not overly cold ; in fact i was sweating by the time abelard slapped the reins against the horse 's back . 
 then i found myself shivering as i sat idle in the wagon . 
 the cave was far from the beaten path . 
 not difficult for wolf legs , but for humans struggling through the snow and burdened with supplies , it was nearly a days ' trek . 
 i found this natural setting much more amenable than the loupe 's territory . 
 not as much stink , though i was still surrounded by then . 
 abelard and six of his sons , sniffing occasionally and looking at me suspiciously , especially fallon and lucien . 
 i had a feeling they knew more than abelard what i had done after i had promised to leave . 
 how much had they told their father ? 
 in turn i felt my nerves humming , waiting for a betrayal . 
 it did n't help that the forest was crawling with other hunters as well , small groups of eight or ten , beating the tree trunks they passed with their sabers and hoes . 
 the noise was driving me crazy - as it was intended . 
 around noon the snow stopped and we decided to have lunch . 
 maman loupe had packed all of us sausage and bread and cheese . 
 `` how much farther ? '' 
 asked one of the younger boys , roland . 
 `` about half a day 's hike , '' abelard replied . 
 lucien made a face . 
 `` i 'm not looking forward to sleeping outside in this weather . '' 
 `` with any luck we 'll be far enough from the other hunters that we can turn , '' abelard said . 
 i hid a smile . 
 i could only imagine what havoc would occur should a human stumble upon a pack of wolves surrounded by clothing . 
 the afternoon was quiet . 
 we hiked in a tighter group now that a fog had risen from the snow . 
 men had lit lanterns that looked like floating orbs among the trees . 
 i could not see the men , but heard and smelled them . 
 we heard the water long before we would reach the river . 
 by now we had outdistanced most of the other hunting groups . 
 abelard called for a halt . 
 `` you should turn now , and we will pretend to chase you , '' he told me . 
 `` turn ? '' 
 i asked . 
 that had not been part of the plan . 
 `` yes . 
 you think your brother will not be able to figure out that you are not in danger if you are still human ? 
 you must play the part of the wolf who is about to be killed . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure it works that way , '' i said . 
 `` i 've never been able to ` see ' what he does . 
 i can only hear his thoughts . '' 
 `` you do not know anything about being a wolf , '' abelard said with contempt . 
 `` how do i know you wo n't try anything ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` once you have my clothes , i will have to stay a wolf , or risk all of these hunters seeing me turn . 
 or seeing my nakedness and coming to the conclusion that i am a werewolf . '' 
 abelard cocked his head and smiled . 
 `` you will have to trust us . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes and considered my options . 
 my plan had been much safer , for me . 
 i had imagined i would simply call martin , and martin would arrive looking for me . 
 instead of finding me , he would find the hunters who would kill him while i watched from a safe hiding place . 
 this plan of abelard 's , however , might still work , especially if he was correct in martin being able to see or feel that i was not wolf . 
 when he arrived , he would see that i was truly in danger and he could help . 
 and yet , this plan was risky for me . 
 if any other hunters came along , they might believe i was the beast and try to kill me instead . 
 i would not be able to turn until i was alone , and even then , i would need to be alone and with the loupe family so that i could have my clothes . 
 a large part of me did not trust abelard . 
 what was i to do now ? 
 he and his sons had muskets . 
 i had an axe . 
 they could kill me easily for refusing to go along with this plan . 
 i sighed , exhaling a plume of steam into the air . 
 `` all right . '' 
 -23 - the moment i removed my clothing , my skin beaded up with moisture . 
 with the eyes of the loupe pack on me , i folded each article and laid it in a neat pile at the base of a tree , where there was a little crook that might hide it from casual observers . 
 i let them look at my naked body , at the muscles i had built up over the past year . 
 i hoped fallon and lucien could see how much i had grown since they had last seen me in this state . 
 i made my turning swift . 
 there were no other hunters within a mile - this i knew from smell alone - and yet i did not wish to chance anyone seeing . 
 as i turned toward them , between one breath and the next , i became wolf . 
 from the way fallon blinked at me , i knew it had impressed him . 
 as per the plan , i attempted to reach martin through the bond . 
 -lrb- martin - -rrb- abelard raised his gun . 
 a click snapped through the air as he cocked it . 
 i stood still , waiting , my ears twitching and senses on high alert . 
 he drew in a breath , and the finger of his leather glove squeaked slightly . 
 i sprang out of the way just as a bullet hit the snow . 
 the chase was on . 
 the bond between martin and i snapped tight and i felt him thrumming inside my brain . 
 -lrb- martin , help me -rrb- i ran toward the river . 
 yes , it was part of the plan . 
 i was supposed to run toward the river and get trapped . 
 as if a wolf could not swim ! 
 i did not have the time to consider another option . 
 my wolf was faster than the loupe pack on foot , and if i could get closer to another group of hunters , they would be prevented from turning and chasing me down as wolves . 
 granted , this plan was hatched as i dodged -lrb- and did n't dodge -rrb- their bullets , but keep in mind that guns in those days could hold only one or two rounds , and were not as accurate as they are today . 
 i knew that i would not die from a bullet unless it hit my heart . 
 so i continued running even when i felt the sting of bullets in my hide . 
 -lrb- martin -rrb- i hit the river full force . 
 the icy cold , thankfully , took away any sting of the wounds i had sustained . 
 my paws churned the water with a heavy numbness . 
 -lrb- georges , i am coming -rrb- the current pushed me under ; i clawed my way to the surface , choking . 
 dimly i could hear voices that were unfamiliar . '' 
 ... heard shots ... '' then abelard 's voice , `` we spotted a wolf . 
 it has escaped into the river . '' 
 `` there should be a group on the other side . '' 
 the river carried me farther and farther away from the voices . 
 i had not realized the truyere river was quite so wide , or was it simply that cold had set in and confused my mind ? 
 finally , my paws touched the rocky bottom of the opposite shore , and i dragged myself out . 
 everything felt heavy and numb and i wanted to sink into the snow and sleep . 
 a group of hunters was supposedly waiting for me on this side - abelard 's safe guard , i assumed - and yet i could not force myself to care . 
 -lrb- brother , i am coming -rrb- his voice was the loudest thing in my head . 
 with one last heave , i got my hind end out of the water and i crawled into the bushes on the side of the river . 
 good enough cover as any . 
 in my head i could hear his footfalls pounding on the forest floor , vibrating like they carried through the ground , loud as hoofbeats . 
 and still my eyes slipped closed . 
 -24 - i awoke with a start , what seemed like mere minutes later . 
 footsteps crashing through the trees . 
 i collected my legs beneath me and , after a long moment where i was n't sure i could do it , i bolted from the bushes and ran . 
 there were humans around , hunters , yet through the fog i could not see them . 
 their calls echoed oddly in the mist and confused me , but i kept north and headed straight for the cave . 
 -lrb- brother , help me -rrb- i nearly stopped dead in my tracks . 
 martin was in trouble now ? 
 or could abelard somehow have turned my own plan around on me ? 
 determining that i was momentarily safe by the lack of scent around me - this apart from an odd decaying scent that i feared came from our cave - i focused all of my energy into the bond . 
 i pushed my consciousness through it . 
 abelard had told me it was possible to see through another 's eyes in the bond ... i would uncover whether or not he had lied to me . 
 if he had , he would pay for making me a fool . 
 eyes closed , all i saw was darkness . 
 i heard martin calling again -lrb- help me they mean to kill me -rrb- i felt a sharp sting in my side , and i opened my eyes to look . 
 no mark . 
 i closed my eyes again , and concentrated . 
 a thrumming shuddered throughout my body , and my muscles had this feel of running - similar to if i were dreaming of running and woke up suddenly . 
 no images . 
 nothing but a wince of pain in my side and twitchy muscles . 
 i opened my eyes and , feeling the tug of where my brother was being attacked , ran . 
 all i saw was red . 
 -25 - despite my anger , i did not reach the hunting party and rip abelard to shreds . 
 i met martin first , arriving with all the urgency that proved this brother 's loyalty . 
 martin slowed when he saw me , sides heaving . 
 his fur was matted with blood , though from what i 'd seen , it did not affect his running much . 
 -lrb- you 're hurt -rrb- he sniffed the air . 
 -lrb- i 'll live -rrb- -lrb- i will kill them -rrb- martin cocked his head . 
 -lrb- they are coming . 
 we can easily outrun them ... there are too many for the two of us to kill -rrb- he began running , and with a glance back in the direction of the hunters , i followed . 
 that night , i began to have the distinct feeling that martin knew ... something . 
 he paced the cave and watched me when he thought i was n't looking . 
 as for myself , i thought only of revenge . 
 i wanted to rip out abelard 's throat and watch his choke on his own blood while his wife and sons watched . 
 i wanted him to live just long enough to see his precious family become part of my pack . 
 that revenge so consumed my thoughts that i barely noticed when martin left the cave . 
 he went out during the day , and returned at night , until one day when he went out and did not return . 
 -26 - i followed his trail . 
 it led directly north , which made me instantly suspicious . 
 he had stayed to the forest , with a few forays out which i avoided . 
 rather i stayed on the direct path , knowing and dreading that this path led home , to soissons . 
 when i tried to feel martin through the bond , i heard but a curious emptiness . 
 it was as if i could feel his presence , feel that he was alive , but could not go beyond that . 
 a wall . 
 he had walled me off from his thoughts . 
 i had no wish to speak to him , given that he had run off , and run toward home . 
 over a year had passed since i had made this journey . 
 it had seemed like i had come so far , when i had ended up in g vaudan ; now , running with stronger muscles used to being a wolf , i made the journey in only two days . 
 the smells hit me before i even saw our home . 
 familiar scents , pine and fur and smoked meat . 
 i looked down on our little cabin from the forest . 
 how strange that once i lived in such a small space with eight others . 
 the wind had changed , and now the stink of them was overpowering . 
 martin , i could smell , had reached home . 
 i approached the house as wolf . 
 i heard not a voice within . 
 when i reached the windows , still hearing no voices , i put my paws up on the wall and peered inside . 
 five faces looked back at me . 
 i dropped down , blinking . 
 my mother , my brothers , all there ? 
 all waiting ... for me ? 
 `` turn human and come inside , georges , '' maman said . 
 she had not raised her voice , but my sensitive wolf ears heard it all the same . 
 shame inflamed my body . 
 i did as she asked , automatically , a reflex from so many years of youth and not even time on my own . 
 then i entered the house through the back door . 
 they sat around the dining table , three brothers on one bench , three brothers on the other , and maman at one head of the table . 
 all eyes followed me as i entered and took the seat at the other end of the table . 
 the worn wood where my father sat for twenty years every night felt warm against my bare legs . 
 martin sat to maman 's left . 
 he glared at me with red-rimmed eyes . 
 my rage gathered up beneath me . 
 martin believed i had betrayed him . 
 the others , they saw me as an enemy . 
 and what had i done ? 
 i had done things in the natural order , and they had turned me into a villain . 
 it was jean-pierre who spoke , seated at maman 's right . 
 `` it has become clear that we made a very poor decision in allowing you to leave , '' he said . 
 `` perhaps if you were a real alpha wolf , who won his position by being the strongest fighter and wisest leader , it never should have happened , '' i retorted . 
 `` i am only happy you have finally realized that i am your true alpha . '' 
 jean-pierre slammed his fist on the table . 
 `` you are no one 's alpha ! '' 
 `` i am your true alpha , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i killed papa . 
 you belong to me . 
 the fact that you chose to deny this , '' i looked around at all the faces , `` that all of you chose to deny this , shows how cowardly you all are . '' 
 `` you are not any true alpha . '' 
 maman 's voice was quieter even than mine . 
 i stared at her . 
 as she stood , many thoughts crossed through my mind , most about how i had killed her husband . 
 i had killed her mate . 
 i deserved her scorn . 
 `` your father was not the alpha of this pack , '' she said . 
 `` a fact which you might have known had you allowed him to live . '' 
 upon seeing the blank look on my face , she added , `` do you know who the alpha is now ? '' 
 i recalled my brothers begging me to spare papa 's life . 
 how they had told me it was not necessary . 
 i had known so little about what it meant to be alpha , or the ranking of wolves in a pack . 
 i knew so little still . 
 `` you are the alpha , '' i said to my mother . 
 she dipped her head . 
 `` i am . '' 
 i rose to my feet and gazed at her across the table , she in her brown work dress and apron , and i wearing nothing but skin . 
 `` then you are who i need to kill . '' 
 -27 - jean-pierre jumped to his feet , along with etienne and my third-eldest brother , jean-baptiste . 
 `` you will do no such thing , '' jean-pierre growled . 
 etienne and jean-baptiste simply began unbuttoning their shirts . 
 `` did you know , maman , that papa begged me to kill him ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 her eyebrows widened in surprise . 
 `` yes . 
 he told me he could not live with this shame . 
 was it the shame of one of his sons finally defeating him ? '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 `` or was it the shame of being second to a woman ? '' 
 maman 's mouth tightened . 
 `` you are ignorant , '' she spat . 
 `` you know nothing of history . 
 you call upon the backwards customs of humans and think they apply to us ? '' 
 she laughed , cruelly . 
 `` you are a spoiled , stupid child . '' 
 `` and you are an old woman , '' i managed to say before my mouth widened and lengthened and became incapable of speech . 
 in a flash i was beast , the beast , and i ripped out the throat of my brother etienne , who had not even begun to turn . 
 next it was bernard 's blood i spilled across our dinner table . 
 by the time i reached jean-baptiste , my vision had turned red . 
 three brothers remained to fight me and protect maman . 
 jean-pierre sank his teeth into my back as i lunged at jean-baptiste . 
 with my teeth in one brother 's throat , i used my claws to slash at jean-pierre . 
 one ear tore loose , causing jean-pierre to howl in agony - and release me in the process . 
 i pulled out jean-baptiste 's trachea , his blood trickling down my throat . 
 i imagined his blood lending me strength , and i darted behind his falling body , using it as a shield . 
 martin finally stood before me . 
 martin 's red fur , his red-tinged eyes , his six toes : i hated him . 
 he was the betrayer , not me . 
 he was the child killer and the rapist . 
 but he was also weak . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw jean-pierre rising to his feet , the side of his head matted with blood . 
 then maman appeared behind those two , looming like a great silver ghost . 
 her wolf was enormous , a behemoth . 
 for a long moment they allowed me to realize that the odds were not in my favor . 
 three to one , and i was the youngest and least experienced of them all . 
 then i leapt at maman . 
 she reared up and caught me in her paws . 
 fang to fang , we danced , until martin and jean-pierre began attacking my sides and back . 
 luckily , my vulnerable belly was safe against maman 's . 
 she snapped her teeth at my muzzle , most likely aiming for my neck just as i twisted my head to get at hers . 
 i got my mouthful of the ruff of her neck . 
 she had a hold on mine as well , but she did n't have the wall at her back . 
 using my hind legs , i pushed off the wall and then used my full body weight to pull her down . 
 jean-pierre was crushed under me , and i rolled and dragged maman around so that she knocked martin off of me , his teeth slipping from my fur though his claws still dug into me . 
 in a frenzy i twisted and fought and got a choke hold on maman 's neck . 
 she raked my chest with her claws . 
 martin 's teeth sank deep into my thigh but i refused to cry out in pain and release maman , whose frantic movements told me she could not breathe . 
 i swatted jean-pierre away , feeling a soft squelching as i gouged out one of his eyes . 
 then maman 's claw found a weakness , and with her dying breath she ripped open my belly . 
 my stomach plummeted - queasiness overcame me as my stomach literally fell . 
 i would not release her . 
 i pressed one paw to the gelatinous mass of offal bulging from my belly , and with the strength of pure adrenaline , i pulled with my teeth . 
 maman 's neck ripped open . 
 the kitchen where i had grown up and taken meals with my family was showered with her life blood . 
 martin howled and released my leg to attack my face . 
 the adrenaline and the shock of my own sudden blood loss had crystallized my vision . 
 i saw him coming as if in slow motion , and i simply pulled back my paw and sliced his neck open . 
 behind me , jean-pierre was gathering himself again . 
 clearly , so clearly , i saw the sledgehammer leaning against the wall , the one papa once used to crack open animal skulls in order to remove the brains for cooking . 
 i needed a human hand , and in amazement , my paw became my hand as i reached for the weapon . 
 grasping it , i was already swinging it toward jean-pierre , who could not see what i was doing . 
 the heavy head of the instrument blasted through his skull and knocked it off his spinal column so it bent at an unnatural angle . 
 now fully human , i staggered to my feet , one arm still curled around my stomach , containing that which should remain inside . 
 martin . 
 where was martin ? 
 i could not smell him over the scent of so much death . 
 then i saw the back door open . 
 of course . 
 the coward would run from me . 
 i lay down on the floor , allowing gravity to pull my inner organs back to their places . 
 my fingers , slippery with blood , pushed at the edges of the skin until they met again . 
 our house was not so large , and maman 's sewing basket was nearly within my grasp . 
 growling in agony , i forced the fingernails on one hand to grow into claws and dug them deep into my skin , holding the wound closed . 
 with my other arm , i rose to my elbow and pushed with my feet to slide closer . 
 yes . 
 needle and thread , needle already threaded . 
 my head fell back as i silently thanked whatever god there was . 
 the sewing hurt less than the wound and the claws holding my skin together , but the task was made difficult by the blackness creeping in at the edges of my vision . 
 soon it began pulsing in and out in the rhythm of my heartbeat . 
 as i pushed the needle through for the final stitches , an odd sensation began deep inside of me . 
 my stomach was growling . 
 -28 - jean-pierre 's leg sprawled closest to me , and i pulled it - and the rest of him - toward me . 
 meat . 
 he smelled like delicious meat . 
 i craved it . 
 and i did not allow myself to think anything more . 
 my body writhed and shuddered and twisted into something half-man and half-wolf , with sharp teeth and an insatiable appetite . 
 i stripped my brother 's leg to the bone , and then , feeling better and hungry still , i crawled to his torso and tore into that soft tissue . 
 he could not stop his innards from spilling to the floor . 
 the rich , dense tissue of his kidneys and pancreas and liver slid down my throat in a delectable stew with a thick broth of blood . 
 i had not eaten on my journey from g vaudan to soissons , and now i gorged myself . 
 all those choice cuts of meat i often did not eat while growing up because my parents and brothers took them before me , i ate those from my brothers and my mother . 
 the innards followed , and from jean-pierre i devoured pure brain matter . 
 i ate until i became concerned that my stitches would burst , then i flopped down on the floor and slept . 
 i know not how long sleep took me . 
 i only know that i awoke at morning 's first light , my belly sore and a thick worm of a scar grown beneath the stitches . 
 sitting up , i felt little pain . 
 martin 's scent became clearer when i exited the house . 
 he had been bleeding , and that helped . 
 it only occurred to me after a mile of walking that i was fully naked and covered in blood . 
 i laughed . 
 then i turned wolf . 
 i followed the trail down to septmont , moving a quick trotting run . 
 my brain caught snatches of martin 's thoughts , as if he tried to hide them from me but could not . 
 once i reached the outskirts of septmont i saw why . 
 he had attacked a pregnant woman , whose corpse lay upon the ground amidst a crowd of people . 
 i could smell the ripeness of her . 
 there was so much blood that i nearly could not believe my coward of a brother had actually killed a woman in this way . 
 then i saw that one of the men was a priest , and in their hands they held a tiny , bloody baby , and they were baptizing it . 
 as i watched the drama unfold , i saw martin race out of trees nearby and attempt to attack a boy standing near his mother , not three hundred feet from the first victim . 
 -lrb- fool -rrb- i watched as martin registered my presence . 
 the surprise allowed the woman and her boy to easily deflect his attack . 
 by the time martin would figure out where i was , i had disappeared from view . 
 for the rest of that day , and the following , i watched as a ghost while martin blindly attacked . 
 his thoughts were disordered . 
 i could not begin to know what had been the turning point for him ; i only knew that whether it was the indignity of young portefaix , or my betrayal , or watching his family be murdered , martin had gone mad . 
 he attacked men who easily fought him off , two young boys together whom he only managed to wound . 
 he moved from septmont to courcelles to bazoches , where the villagers began to see the urgency of the situation and set up ambush . 
 one girl wounded ran screaming for help . 
 he fought a chained dog , who broke the chain and chased martin into a barn where he killed a cow and a servant therein . 
 he nearly ripped a girl 's head off . 
 i knew not where he was running to , though i began to surmise that he ran from me . 
 he could sense me coming for him and he had panicked . 
 the villagers believed him to be a rabid wolf . 
 finally , one man cornered martin in a narrow lane with only a pitchfork . 
 martin sprang at him , but the man stepped aside then pinned my brother 's head to the ground . 
 my own throat constricted , feeling the ache of pain that surely must have been fiery agony to martin . 
 this man waited an agonizing fifteen minutes before the villagers arrived to help him kill the beast . 
 the whole time martin struggled to stand , a pitchfork tine piercing straight through his neck into the ground . 
 the whole time , he could see me watching him from the forest . 
 i left before they killed him , but i knew the moment he died . 
 it felt like a splinter being removed . 
 -29 - now freed from martin and the shackles of my family , i returned to g vaudan . 
 along the way , i killed here and there , for i found that i felt weak if i did not . 
 i killed violently and without mercy . 
 as i neared longogne , my pace slowed . 
 my ears constantly twitched , scanning for sounds of an enemy , my nose close to the ground to pick up any stray scent that might warn me of danger . 
 i knew there was a new captain of the hunt , a captain d'enneval . 
 and i knew abelard loupe could still be looking for me . 
 in a river i turned human long enough to scrub off most of the blood that still clung to my skin . 
 two miles later , i stole clothes drying on a line outside . 
 then i made my way into town . 
 the spring evening was unusually warm , and the townspeople were enjoying the good weather . 
 the streets were full of men and women who had spent the long winter cooped up and shivering . 
 they laughed and the sound brayed in my sensitive ears . 
 abelard 's tavern was full of happy drunks sloshing their beer around in steins and pulling long draughts from wine bottles . 
 when i walked through the door , the volume became muffled . 
 abelard had seen me , or smelled me , instantly . 
 heads turned to look . 
 i knew abelard had somehow influenced them . 
 rage boiled over from his person and infected all in its path . 
 he slammed the beer glass he was washing down on the counter , but with his eyes bulging and veins throbbing in his neck , he was incapable of speech . 
 i raised my arm and pointed at the bartender . 
 `` this man , '' i announced , `` attacked me ! '' 
 pulling at the hem of my shirt , i revealed the grievous wounds which were now scars painted with drying blood . 
 the crowd had gone completely silent . 
 a few patrons turned and looked at abelard questioningly . 
 `` he did not attack me as a man ! '' 
 i continued . 
 `` but as a beast ! 
 this man is the beast of g vaudan ! '' 
 that set the crowd to talking again . 
 some shrugged and returned to their liquor . 
 others whispered the words `` werewolf '' and `` beast '' and squinted their eyes at abelard . 
 `` clearly those are old wounds , '' abelard said , not bothering to raise his voice . 
 `` look , they are nearly healed ! '' 
 `` when did this attack happen ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 i ignored the question . 
 `` if you look in his barn , you will find the evidence . 
 he wears a belt made of wolfskin to turn into the beast . 
 his sons help him . '' 
 fallon emerged from the kitchen . 
 `` what are you doing , georges ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you had best leave now , '' abelard said . 
 `` you are clearly drunk and speaking lies . '' 
 `` look in his barn , '' i said to the people as i backed out . 
 `` look and you will find it . '' 
 -30 - from far up the hill i watched as abelard and his family searched the barn . 
 they found the offending pelt and burned it . 
 while the flames roared , i left for other parts of g vaudan to ravage . 
 months later , i would return to the loupe farm , and find it deserted . 
 a neighbor told me they had gone to the new country of america . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the neighbor did not know . 
 with the loupes gone , and my own family gone , i had free reign over the countryside . 
 captain d'enneval was little threat to me . 
 on a fine spring day i came upon a festival and killed several people before the villagers could muster up a defense . 
 oh , had i human mouth at the time i might have laughed as young jacques denis , a partner in d'enneval 's hunts , came at me with a bayonet . 
 i did not back down , and watched the horror grow in his eyes as my wounds healed nearly as fast as they were created . 
 only when more hunters and dogs arrived did i run off . 
 scarcely a month later , d'enneval was gone , replaced by francois antoine , the king 's personal gun bearer . 
 by this time , however , i was bored . 
 bored of how easy it was to kill , and tired of this chase . 
 the new world held much glamour , especially in the light of the political situation in france , which in a few years would lead to a revolution . 
 in france there was no place for a young man with no education or money or status to go . 
 america , however , was full of ambitious people . 
 if one could survive in america , one could move up in social status . 
 i did not relish the idea of spending months on a cramped boat , unable to turn wolf , but options were limited . 
 i made my way to the seacoast and found work aboard a cargo ship . 
 six weeks of nothing but sea and salt and sweaty bodies . 
 my throat thirsted for more than the beer we drank after the water went sour . 
 once land was sighted , i could hardly keep from turning wolf and jumping overboard . 
 instead i shuffled off the ship along with the others , and kept shuffling until i reached the forest , and then i shuffled off my clothes and disappeared . 
 -31 - i heard , years later from gossipy french canadian trappers , that antoine killed a number of large wolves in g vaudan , but the wolf attacks continued until a hunter by the name of chastel took down a beast with a prayer and a silver bullet . 
 these hunters spoke of the beast of g vaudan as if he were a legend , maybe real , maybe not . 
 `` my grand-p re , he was there , '' one of the trappers said . 
 `` he saw the beast with his own eyes . '' 
 `` surely these tales have been exaggerated , '' said another . 
 `` they say it killed hundreds . 
 c'est impossible . '' 
 however impossible , the silver bullet myth meant that when locals did suspect a werewolf in their midst , they shot at me with bullets that barely pierced my thick skin . 
 marvelous . 
 america had plenty of lovely young things , tasty morsels to devour , and the rampant wilderness allowed me to feed at will , without consequence . 
 decades passed , i traveled constantly , not caring to settle down , and it was n't until the mid-1800s that i began to notice civilization creeping in on me . 
 i had been wolf for years , never turning human , and it was n't until i did turn human again that i was able to think and realize how lonely i was . 
 i still appeared as a younger man of perhaps thirty years , though i was much , much older . 
 i traveled south , for hunting and avoidance of people had led me far north , into canada . 
 and now my nose caught scent of something familiar . 
 there , in the wilds of a barely settled , not-yet-a-state montana , i discovered the loupe family . 
 so many years had passed that i imagined the loupes who had threatened me and hunted me were long dead , and boldly i crept close to their little settlement , a collection of cabins lodged deep in the mountains . 
 the scent was so familiar i began to worry that perhaps abelard was still alive somehow , in the same manner that i still lived . 
 this settlement housed not only the loupes , but a handful of other families as well . 
 i watched as they farmed , and hunted , and traded . 
 my presence gave them minor alarm . 
 i could not tell if they had ever scented another werewolf before . 
 night after night i crept close to the house where the loupe family slept , peering through the windows , seeking the source of that familiar scent . 
 there were two young girls in the family , but too young for my tastes . 
 no , this was the scent of one i had met before ? 
 a century before . 
 finally the eldest son , a boy of thirteen or so called paul , must have reported my scent to his father , because the following night , as i loped along my usual path to the loupe cabin , a lone wolf sat in my path . 
 his was the scent i remembered . 
 his fur was gray , but had once been a different color . 
 he was an old wolf . 
 he and i looked at one another for a long time . 
 in the blink of an eye he had become a man standing before me , naked and old yet still virulent and strong . 
 his hair fell to his shoulders in white waves . 
 `` hello , georges , '' said fallon loupe . 
 to be continued ? 
 about the author kate spofford lives in new hampshire and works as a young adult librarian . 
 in her spare time she writes novels and trains for the circus . 
 for more information , visit her online at http://www.katespofford.wordpress.com . 
