 perpetual nightmare by : traci smith copyright 2011 traci smith smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 perpetual nightmare chapter 1 : beep beep beep . 
 i snapped out of sleep , rubbing my eyes and groaning . 
 i hit the off button on the alarm clock on my nightstand that stood at 5:30 a.m. . 
 in the background i could hear the shower running and thought to myself that andrew must already be up getting ready for work . 
 i rolled over to his side of the bed , as was my morning custom , and snuggled into his indentation in the mattress and the pillow , the down comforter falling loosely around my shoulder . 
 i sighed as i focused on the blackness behind my eyelids and drifted back to sleep . 
 the light came in sharply through the bedroom windows . 
 the unwelcome rays tore me from my sleep . 
 i opened my eyes and watched the dust fly in and out of the beams of light that stretched their way across the room . 
 i tried to adjust my ears to the surroundings , confused by the sound of running water in the background . 
 i looked over at the alarm and saw that it was 10 a.m. why would the shower still be running ? 
 did andrew get off early ? 
 i forced myself out of bed and walked towards the bathroom . 
 i opened the door to complete darkness . 
 i turned the bathroom light on , pushed back the burgundy shower curtain , and turned the shower off , a few ice cold droplets of water catching my hand as i did . 
 his white t-shirt and plaid boxers lay side by side sloppily on the floor with his towel . 
 what were the chances that he would shave , get dressed , turn off the light , and leave the shower running ? 
 it made no sense . 
 i left the bathroom and went back over next to the bed . 
 i threw on my flip flops and walked briskly out of the bedroom and down the hallway . 
 `` baby ? '' 
 i called out . 
 nothing but silence came back in return . 
 i tried to tell myself to remain calm , that it was nothing , but there was a nagging sensation deep in the pit of my stomach that i could n't get rid of , a sensation that there was no mistaking that something was terribly wrong . 
 i crossed through the living room , and out the front door , taking not one moment to think that my black negligee was not meant for public eyes . 
 upon reaching the carport , i stared in confusion and disbelief . 
 his car was still sitting right next to mine . 
 how was that possible ? 
 did someone pick him up this morning ? 
 if someone had picked him up , who would have it been ? 
 none of his coworkers lived anywhere nearby . 
 the car was in working order as far as i knew . 
 now panicked , i ran back inside , banging my shoulder against the thick door frame . 
 i shook off the pain and ran back to the bedroom to my nightstand . 
 i picked up my cell phone and dialed andrew 's cell number . 
 i jumped at the sound of his phone ringing out from the nightstand on the opposite side of the bed . 
 the shower was left running ; his car remained in the carport . 
 thoughts swirled through my mind , playing out different scenarios . 
 none of them made the situation make any more sense . 
 i feverishly dialed his work number , reminding myself that i could not sound panicked when the receptionist picked up the phone . 
 `` palmside clinic , susan speaking , '' the soft southern voice answered . 
 `` yes , is andrew dennings in ? '' 
 `` no , i am sorry , he has not come in yet this morning . 
 may i take a message ? '' 
 i hit the hang up button . 
 i decided that my next best bet was mike . 
 mike was andrew 's best friend . 
 if anyone would know what was going on , surely he would . 
 i took a deep breath and dialed the number . 
 after a few rings , mike finally answered . 
 `` hey torey , what 's up ? '' 
 i took a second to clear my mind and my throat and began to speak . 
 `` i was wondering if you had talked to andrew this morning . 
 he left the shower running and his car is still outside . 
 his cell phone is still here . 
 i 'm just a little freaked out . '' 
 it felt really good to be able to explain the situation to someone else . 
 `` wow , that 's really weird . 
 i have n't talked to him though . 
 you guys were n't fighting or anything were you ? 
 i ca n't imagine him just taking off without his car . '' 
 `` no , no , nothing like that . 
 i was asleep when he got up to get ready for work . 
 i woke up and found the shower still running and his car still here . 
 i called his work . 
 he 's not there . 
 i am worried . '' 
 i could feel the panic rising in my chest . 
 mike had n't heard from him . 
 what could possibly have happened ? 
 `` well , you should call his family . 
 i hate to think about it , but you should probably try the hospitals and the jail too if you have no luck there . 
 either way , keep me posted . 
 i am worried about him too , '' mike replied . 
 i could hear some of the panic i was feeling resonating in his voice as well . 
 `` i will be sure to give the other guys a call . 
 if i hear anything , i will give you a call . '' 
 `` thanks mike , i really appreciate it . '' 
 after hanging up , i started going through all of his family that lived in town even a few that did not . 
 no one knew where he was , and what was worse i was almost sure that they were all convinced that we must be having problems at home now . 
 they all promised to call if they heard anything and made me promise to do the same . 
 i called the hospitals and the jail too . 
 i had no luck , and i felt more and more terrified with each fruitless call . 
 andrew had disappeared off of the face of the planet and it would be at least a day before i could file a missing persons report . 
 where could he have gone to ? 
 if he was n't at work , what would he be doing ? 
 all of the sudden it came to me . 
 `` surfing , i bet he went surfing , '' i whispered to myself . 
 i immediately felt foolish for it taking me so long to come to the conclusion . 
 i ran through the house again , out the door , and to the shed that was attached to the carport . 
 i opened the door and all of my hopes were dashed in an instant the second i saw his surfboard resting against the washing machine . 
 my shoulders slumped and i shuffled my way back into the house back to my bedroom . 
 the helplessness overtook me and i fell to my knees crying . 
 i felt like i would vomit as my stomach churned and my head spun . 
 i sat there on my bedroom floor , unable to move , watching the light change over the hours , tears streaming down my face . 
 i traced over every inch of him in my mind , his brown hair , his hazel eyes , his olive skin tone , the way that he towered over me and would smile down into my face before kissing me . 
 i tried thinking to myself what he would do if in my shoes . 
 he would have been calm and rational , not sitting on the floor crying like a baby . 
 it was dark now . 
 my legs hand gone numb and my mouth was dry . 
 i yelled at myself in my head to move , that sitting on the floor was getting me nowhere . 
 i stood up , my legs fraught with pins and needles , and walked to the bathroom . 
 i flipped on the light , poured water into the glass that sat on the sink next to the faucet and drank greedily . 
 i opened my eyes and the glass dropped from my hand and as it shattered on the cream tile i began to scream . 
 the mirror had gone black . 
 in front of me stood a black figure . 
 it was more of an outline than an actual being . 
 two angry red eyes stared at me from the other side of the glass . 
 a gruff voice began to speak . 
 `` we have him . 
 if you want him back , you must come in and get him . '' 
 just as quickly as it had appeared the figure was gone . 
 its words rang through my head over and over . 
 shock overtook me . 
 the mirror remained black inside its gold trimming . 
 it did not even seem like i was in my bathroom or in my home . 
 it was like the blackness had come out of the mirror and tainted everything that surrounded me . 
 i tried to reason with myself , telling myself that i was only dreaming , that none of this was possible , that there was no way to go through a mirror , and that there was no way andrew was on the other side of it . 
 i slowly reached out to the mirror with a shaky hand . 
 my fingers grazed the hot surface and caused ripples . 
 i gasped , thinking that i must have lost it . 
 there was no way that this could be real . 
 it simply was not possible . 
 i rubbed my fingers together , but felt no wetness . 
 strange that it rippled , yet left no residue . 
 i told myself that it was not strange at all ; nothing ever made sense in dreams . 
 i reached out again , this time moving wrist deep into the mirror , my hand covered with heat from inside the blackness . 
 i started to contemplate if i could actually go through the mirror . 
 furthermore , if i did go through the mirror , what would be waiting for me on the other side ? 
 what if i died the second i went through the mirror ? 
 i pulled my hand back in , the air in the bathroom feeling frigid around my hand . 
 a tingling sensation moved across my hand . 
 it felt as if the circulation had been cut off from it for a long time and was being allowed to run through again . 
 i stared at my hand and then shook my head . 
 i knew that i could not just keep standing , staring , and doing nothing . 
 if there was even the slightest chance that andrew was on the other side of the mirror , would that not be enough reason to make it worth it to go through . 
 i climbed up onto the bathroom counter . 
 i thought of andrew , held my breath , and pushed myself through . 
 chapter 2 : i opened my eyes and gasped . 
 i stared with wide eyes at the landscape that surrounded me . 
 the sky was scorched black ; the trees were ash colored , leafless , and twisted , taking the shape of monsters . 
 fields of what looked like toxic green straw stretched out for miles bordering the ominous mountains in the distance . 
 a single ashen path lay before me and i shuddered as the heat radiated up my legs from the ground , immediately creating a film of sweat on them . 
 `` where am i ? 
 what is this place ? '' 
 i whispered to myself in a panicky voice . 
 i looked behind me and a black square the size of the bathroom mirror still remained . 
 it was n't too late to climb back through . 
 however , even if i went back , what would i be going back to ? 
 would i really be able to live with not at least taking a look around , knowing that andrew could be here , that his life could be in danger ? 
 my inner voice let me know simply that i could not . 
 i knew it to be an indisputable fact . 
 as scared as i was , i started to walk forward down the ashen path , leading myself into the sea of toxic green , praying to god or whoever else was up there that it would not swallow me whole . 
 as i walked the ash began to gather on my sweaty feet . 
 it reminded me of how the sand felt in the summertime back home . 
 in my mind i could see it . 
 i could see andrew smiling with his surfboard in hand , running towards the water . 
 how i loved to watch him surf . 
 he had such child-like innocence when he went surfing . 
 you could see the pure happiness in his eyes . 
 they would look glazed over with glee . 
 it was always wonderful to see anyone so passionate about anything . 
 i could feel my lip begin to tremble and looked up just in time to realize i was about to start walking off the path . 
 i stood for a second , looking at the toxic straw . 
 it was such a radiant green . 
 i reached out and stroked one of the long blades . 
 i jumped back , feeling the burn against my fingertips . 
 i looked at them and they were stained green . 
 they throbbed as they would have if i had run my fingers across a burner . 
 i became very glad that i had looked up before i strayed off the path . 
 my injury would have been much more severe by the looks of it . 
 i resolved to pay more attention , ignore the burns on my fingers , and to keep walking . 
 hours had passed . 
 my legs were aching from walking . 
 sweat poured down my body and through my already soaked negligee . 
 i was thirsty , but there was no water anywhere to be seen . 
 i noted a nearby tree stump . 
 i tested it with my toe , remembering how the grass had burned me before . 
 i felt no burn and decided it was ok to sit and take a rest . 
 i looked around me , still seeing nothing but the same fields , the same trees , and the same sky . 
 who knew how long this place stretched for ? 
 it was at this thought that i began to sob uncontrollably , not caring if i became further dehydrated , not caring if i fell over dead where i sat . 
 hope was fading from me . 
 the same thought kept passing through my head that i would never find andrew and that he would be gone from me forever . 
 i closed my eyes and wished for death . 
 `` excuse me , '' a tiny voice called from the side of me . 
 i looked over , unable to believe my eyes . 
 the voice had come from a small , round , brown creature floating three feet from me . 
 it had a mass of long thin hairs , making it look soft and poufy . 
 its onyx eyes shined with kindness and intelligence . 
 `` are you lost ? '' 
 it questioned . 
 for a moment i was unable to answer , not being able to process what was happening . 
 `` i think i am more lost than i have ever been in my life , '' i stammered . 
 a few tears trickled down my cheeks . 
 `` what is this place ? '' '' 
 you are in the fascian plains . 
 down this path is the red river and the mountains behind it are the ganglesh mountains . 
 how did you get here ? 
 there is nothing for miles and miles . '' 
 a bitter laughter filled my head as i thought over the ridiculousness my reply . 
 `` i got here through my bathroom mirror . 
 this thing said that they had my boyfriend , andrew and that i had to come through to get him . 
 i have been walking ever since . '' 
 i hung my head defeated , convinced that i must have died and this was my own personal hell . 
 `` well , my name is meep . 
 if you like i can try to help you . 
 what did the thing that talked to you look like ? '' 
 `` thank you so much meep . 
 my name is torey . 
 i appreciate any help you can give me . 
 as for the thing in the mirror , it was just black , shapeless , with red eyes . '' 
 i was blown away . 
 how did this creature know english ? 
 why was it not surprised by my mirror story ? 
 i started to ask , but then thought better of it . 
 i was now thoroughly convinced that this was either hell or a dream . 
 `` it must have been a gangleus . 
 they are queen ameda 's slaves . 
 she lives in the black fortress deep in the mountains . '' 
 apparently i had been chosen to play a role in a sick and twisted fairy tale written by the devil himself . 
 `` do you think that the thing , the gangleus , took andrew there ? '' 
 `` i ca n't be sure , but one thing is definite , if queen ameda has your boyfriend , it is going to be near to impossible for you to get him back , '' meep replied in an ominous voice . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well the fortress is heavily guarded . 
 there is only one gate to enter through , '' he paused as if he was considering whether or not to say whatever else he had to say . 
 `` there is one more way in , but you face certain death if you take it . '' 
 i sat , trying to wrap my mind around the situation at hand . 
 the words `` certain death '' resonated in my mind . 
 `` what is this other way in ? '' 
 meep did n't answer at first . 
 i thought i saw something in his black eyes . 
 perhaps it was surprise or maybe even fear . 
 `` you would have to travel under the red river through a tunnel . 
 the tunnel was dug through the mountains years ago so that queen ameda could travel unnoticed . 
 there are dangerous things down there , things that you ca n't even imagine . 
 it is dark , hot , and who knows what shape the tunnel is in , '' meep replied , almost pleading with me to not even consider it with his voice . 
 my pulse raced . 
 i longed to be at home , safe in bed , sleeping , with andrew beside me snoring . 
 there was no home for me without andrew . 
 without him , the house would just be walls that serve as a constant reminder of how i did not find him , did not rescue him . 
 `` well , it is a chance i am just going to have to take . 
 i am not leaving without andrew . 
 if i die , then so be it . 
 how do i get there ? '' 
 meep sighed . 
 `` even though my better judgment is against this , i will lead you to the entrance of the tunnel . 
 i do not really enjoy the idea of being the one to lead anyone to their death . 
 however , i can see in your eyes that you would go either way and you would be much better off with some assistance as opposed to none . 
 you are going to need supplies . 
 luckily i have a friend who owes me a few favors . 
 his place is on the way . 
 i must say though , you really should reconsider . 
 your andrew may already be dead and this journey will probably only result in death for you as well . '' 
 if andrew was dead , i would happily join him . 
 if this journey meant my destruction , it would be better than turning back , going home , knowing i never lifted a finger to save what i love most . 
 besides , no one would ever believe me . 
 if i told them about this place , about the things that i had seen so far , they would just lock me up and throw away the key . 
 i would be alone in the world , with visions of this place constantly haunting me . 
 `` my mind is made up . 
 lead the way . '' 
 i stood up and meep floated over to me . 
 it felt very good to no longer be alone and to have a sense of direction . 
 i wished that andrew could see me , always the voice of reason , always the steady force , and yet here we were in a land of fiction , with me in a role reversal , playing the white knight rescuing her beloved . 
 more than anything i just wished he could see that i was coming . 
 i wished that even if i never made it , that he would know that i had tried . 
 this was no time for wishes though ; it was time to move forward . 
 meep was n't exaggerating when he said there was nothing for miles . 
 we traveled along the path and i asked him questions about himself to distract myself from the sad thoughts that kept plaguing me every few minutes . 
 `` so , do you live around here meep ? 
 do you have family ? '' 
 `` actually , yes . 
 my family and i live in the hollows of the trees scattered throughout the plains . 
 we are not used to seeing anything but birds , reptiles , and rodents in the plains . 
 not many larger creatures come through due to the burns that the grass causes . '' 
 `` yes , i can imagine . 
 i found out the unpleasant nature of the grass the hard way , '' i half-smiled and held out my right hand so that meep could see the green-stained burn marks on my fingertips . 
 `` well , i guess you could take comfort in knowing that it could have been a lot worse . 
 a lot of the creatures who live here spend a great deal of time teaching their young ones to avoid the plains . 
 there just have been too many accidents where unknowing youth enter in and leave in really bad shape , if they leave at all , '' sadness darkened meep 's eyes and i felt sad as well . 
 it was never pleasant to think about death . 
 at that moment andrew 's face flashed in my mind . 
 i shook the thought and decided it was time for a new subject . 
 `` so , what were you doing when you stumbled upon me , sitting there crying like an infant ? '' 
 i almost laughed . 
 `` i actually was just leaving my tree to go find food and saw you from a distance . 
 it was hard to tell who or what you were . 
 you were slumped over and i thought you might be injured . 
 i decided to go over and ask if you were ok . 
 if you proved to be dangerous , i knew i could always float away back over the grass , '' meep replied with a proud look in his eye . 
 i was very glad that he had decided to come over and check on me . 
 i felt a lot safer with him around and at least now i had an idea of where i was going . 
 we traveled for a long time until we reached a little wooden cottage on the path . 
 it was the kind of thing that the grimm brothers could have thought up . 
 there was a cute cobblestone walkway to the front door which was painted a cheerful red . 
 a small wooden fence framed the yard . 
 there were red flowers as big as my head with black centers . 
 there was a well in the side yard and i started to pray that there would be water in it . 
 this place looked completely out of place in this nightmare landscape of scorched sky and toxic grass . 
 `` now you wait here , '' meep commanded . 
 a few minutes later meep floated out of the cottage with a shaggy creature , about six feet tall , with caramel colored fur , a snout of a dog , ears of a cat , and yellow topaz eyes . 
 in its hands it carried a water skin , a long machete-like object with a leather back strap , and a knapsack . 
 they approached me and in that moment my mission became very real . 
 `` torey , this is baron . 
 he brought you a water skin , a weapon , and in the knapsack there are a couple of flint stones , a blanket , and some bread for food , '' meep said matter-of-factly . 
 i looked at baron and nodded . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 i really appreciate it . '' 
 he handed me the contents of his arms , nodded , and walked back inside . 
 i was a bit confused . 
 `` does n't he speak ? 
 did i offend him or something ? 
 why did he just walk away ? '' 
 `` no no , '' meep laughed , '' you did n't offend him . 
 he can talk , but not in a way you would understand . 
 i told him you would be appreciative of his help . 
 he knows that there is a possibility that he may never see those things again . 
 so , you need not worry about that . 
 let 's get you filled up with water and we can start on our way to the river . '' 
 i drank a few ladles full of water before filling the water skin . 
 it was nice to feel the cool liquid running down my throat and to feel it move its way throughout my chest . 
 i felt instantly revived . 
 meep and i set back out on the path to find the river and for the first time i was starting to feel like i could succeed , like there could be a happy ending . 
 about a mile down the path meep started asking me questions . 
 it was good to have the exchange ; it made the distance pass quicker . 
 `` so , torey , tell me about andrew . 
 i mean he must be really special for you to be doing this . 
 what makes him so worthy of such a dangerous rescue attempt ? '' 
 `` i met andrew about twelve years ago . 
 at first i did n't think much of him really . 
 he was just some guy who had moved to town and i was nice to him because i always liked to make new people feel welcome in a new place . 
 then , over time i started to notice the cool little quirks about him , and the way his eyes lighted up when he smiled . 
 he truly has the most beautiful hazel eyes you have ever seen . 
 we became best friends after some time and he helped me through a lot of hard times with my family and personal life . 
 i fell in love with him . 
 then , after a lot of persistence on my part , he finally gave in and started dating me . 
 we 've been together ever since . 
 he is my best friend . 
 i ca n't imagine my life without him in it . '' 
 a smile formed at my lips . 
 small flashes of our moments together over the past twelve years flashed through my mind . 
 i remembered sitting on the bus together to and from school . 
 i remembered the way i felt the first time he kissed me . 
 i remembered the first day when we started living together . 
 i thought my heart would burst . 
 the smile faded from my lips and i brought myself out of my reverie into the here and now of where i was and what i was doing . 
 `` it sounds like you love him a lot , '' meep said with a slight sadness to his tone . 
 i nodded and we continued to walk . 
 `` so what are the dangers that i need to worry about in the tunnel ? 
 i would like to be as prepared as possible for what i am about to face . '' 
 `` well , for one it will be very hot down there . 
 i am not sure if you have noticed how hot the ground is , but underground is much worse . 
 i am not sure how well ventilated it is down there , but i imagine the quality of air is n't good . 
 there are creatures of all kinds that live in the tunnel . 
 there are fire spiders . 
 they are bright red and spit acid that burns the skin . 
 there are lackels as well . 
 lackels are black and scaly . 
 they are about your size . 
 they climb walls with webbed feet and hands and have long pointy teeth . 
 they will eat the flesh of anything including other lackels . 
 there also a range of venomous serpents . 
 i do n't mean to frighten you if i am , but you have to realize that this is complete insanity . 
 it would be hard enough for an army to go down there and survive , let alone one single being . '' 
 his words had painted horrifying mental images . 
 i wondered if i would be able to face a lackel , if i would be able to dodge the spiders , if i would be unlucky enough to get bit by a snake , or if i would simply just suffocate down there or die of dehydration . 
 who knew how long the tunnel was . 
 what if it was blocked ? 
 what would i do then ? 
 would i turn around and just go back ? 
 maybe i was being overly optimistic anyway . 
 part of me had reserved itself to the fact that this was all in vain and i would be dead soon anyway . 
 i trucked on like a lemming to a cliff , without reason , racing towards death . 
 we reached the red river a couple of hours later . 
 i stood , taking in the terrifying sight . 
 the red liquid ran as far as the eye could see and by the coppery smell , i knew it was blood . 
 it stained the shores around it . 
 i walked up to the edge and stared at my reflection . 
 my straw colored hair was going every which way . 
 my legs were covered in sweat and ash . 
 my face looked aged , my grey eyes hollow . 
 in my black negligee i looked like death 's bride headed for the honeymoon suite . 
 i quivered at the thought . 
 i thought i might vomit as i noticed there were chunks of flesh floating in the river of blood . 
 i held back a scream and backed away . 
 `` is this all blood ? 
 where does it all come from ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 `` the queen started the slaughters years ago . 
 any creature who opposes her or her laws will be dragged by a group of gangleus and taken to the mountain to be slaughtered . 
 the queen orders the offenders drained and have their blood poured down the mountain . 
 the blood runs down the mountain and through the plains . 
 it is to serve as a reminder that the queen runs this land and is to be feared . 
 the river dumps into a lake at the end of the plains . 
 it is said that the queen sometimes baths in it . '' 
 i cringed at the thought of it . 
 the queen sounded like evil incarnate . 
 i sincerely hoped that i would not ever have the displeasure of meeting her . 
 maybe if i could just somehow get to the fortress and find andrew without being noticed , we could somehow escape being added to the blood flow of the red river . 
 if we could n't at least i would be able to see him one last time , to tell him i loved him . 
 i stopped myself before i could form another thought . 
 i needed to stay positive . 
 i would never make it there thinking like that . 
 `` so where is the entrance to the tunnel ? 
 are we close ? '' 
 `` you see that dark brush over there ? '' 
 i looked to my right and you could n't miss it . 
 it was on the bank of the river . 
 it was like a huge charcoal colored tumble weed . 
 `` how do you get past the brush though ? '' 
 i asked , not really seeing how anything or anyone could push their way through such thick brush . 
 `` there is a small crawl space at the base of it . 
 you might get a little scratched up going in , but that is probably the least of your concerns at the moment . 
 it will be very dark in there . 
 there should be spare torches along the tunnel in places . 
 that is assuming that they have n't decomposed or been used . 
 i think that you are out of your mind for this , but i wish you luck . 
 this is as far as i go . 
 i hope that maybe i will see you again if you ever make it back , '' meep said with a very sincere tone . 
 `` thank you so much meep . 
 i do n't know what i would have done if i had n't ran into you . 
 i sincerely hope i make it back . 
 if i can ever figure out a way to repay your kindness , i hope to have the opportunity to do so . '' 
 a tear rested at the corner of my eye , but it was no time to start crying . 
 i needed my wits about me for what i was about to do . 
 i waved to meep as i walked toward the brush and he just stared after me . 
 i sincerely wondered if i would ever again see those little black eyes . 
 upon reaching the brush i saw the crawl space meep had talked about . 
 it looked like some animal had dug its way in , like a foxhole or something similar . 
 anyone who did n't know what to look for would have never thought anything of it . 
 i sat my knapsack on the ground and lowered myself so that i could scoot myself under the brush . 
 i decided i would approach it feet first and belly down and drag the knapsack in behind me . 
 tiny branches scratched my legs and my back as i shimmied my way down into the tunnel . 
 in several spots i could feel the warmth of blood fresh on my skin . 
 i pulled down the knapsack into my arms and swung it back onto my back . 
 i took a look around me . 
 the tunnel was massive . 
 i could hear dripping sounds all around me . 
 i shuddered to think that i would probably be covered in the blood of endless different creatures by the time i reached the end of the tunnel . 
 it was dark except for the area directly next to the entrance of the tunnel . 
 i knew that i would n't be able to go any further without a torch . 
 i searched the walls nearest to the entrance to no avail . 
 i started scouring the walls with my hands at the edge of the darkness , hoping to not run them over anything dangerous . 
 my hands felt their way into a groove in the wall . 
 i edged them over slowly and stopped as my wrist rubbed against a rough object . 
 i moved my hands to encompass it and sighed with relief as i pulled the torch into the dim light . 
 i walked back to the entrance and ripped out some of the brush and dry grass from the edge . 
 i placed a small amount on a dry area of the tunnel floor . 
 i pulled out my flint stones and placed the rest of the grass i had pulled out towards the bottom of the knapsack in case i would need it later . 
 i struck the flint stones several times until the brush and grass caught fire . 
 i lit my torch off of the small fire and placed the flint stones back in the sack . 
 i grabbed handful after handful of dirt from the tunnel entrance and threw it on the fire , putting it out . 
 i walked away from the entrance to make my way into the darkness and said goodbye to fresh air for what could quite possibly be the last time . 
 chapter 3 : as i moved into the darkness , the torch illuminated what i was unable to see before . 
 the sides of the cave were very jagged . 
 there were many alcoves and crevices . 
 the danger of what may reside in any of those crevices or alcoves became very real in my mind . 
 the light fluttered and i realized that my hands were shaking . 
 anything that had eyes would be able to see this light , which put me in even more danger . 
 i shook the thought from my mind and pushed myself forward , my flip flops making me clumsy on the jagged rocky floor . 
 the blood from the river above dripped on me every few feet . 
 i could feel it , running down my scraped up skin . 
 i laughed to myself , thinking that even if i found andrew and made it home that i might still die from some disease in the blood that trickled down on me now . 
 my laugh echoed through the tunnel and sent a shiver up my spine . 
 i made a mental note that i would need to be much quieter and much more careful . 
 as i walked my mind wandered . 
 i thought of the weeks leading up to where i was now . 
 i realized that all of the moments that i may have found unpleasant would be moments i would kill for now . 
 i remembered feeling put out when andrew had ignored me while playing his video games a few days ago . 
 i remember feeling neglected on nights we laid in bed and he was reading instead of cuddling up to me . 
 now it has become apparent that all of those things are extremely petty and if given the chance to go back , i would treasure every second . 
 we do not get to go back though . 
 life does not give us a rewind button . 
 all of the sudden a strange noise pulled me back to the here and now . 
 i could hear shuffling from further up the tunnel . 
 i could n't tell how far away whatever the noise was coming from was . 
 a vision of a lackel appeared in my mind . 
 i was paralyzed with fear . 
 i kept trying to make my limbs move , but they would not cooperate . 
 the noise moved closer . 
 i had to get the machete ready . 
 i had to try to hide if possible . 
 i knew that the light would be a dead giveaway , but also knew that with no light i would be blind to my enemies . 
 i found a large crevice in the wall and wedged the torch in . 
 i sat my knapsack on the floor of the tunnel and unstrapped the machete from my back . 
 i pulled the machete out and took a defensive stance . 
 was this it ? 
 was my journey over so soon ? 
 would i die in this dark place , no one to ever know what has become of me or andrew ? 
 from the sound of the shuffling i knew that whatever the source or sources were they were very close . 
 i would see them at any moment . 
 just as the thought crossed my mind , the creatures came into view . 
 there were two of them . 
 their skin looked rough and scaly . 
 it was the deepest shade of black i had ever seen . 
 their teeth reflected the torch light and were pointed like icicles . 
 they had silver soulless eyes and i could hear their snarling and see the drool pouring from their mouths as they moved forward . 
 my heart felt as if it would jump out of my chest . 
 i could not find enough air to make my lungs feel at ease . 
 my mouth had become a desert and everything seemed to be happening in slow motion . 
 the creatures paused as they took notice of me . 
 the snarls that i had heard them make before were nothing compared to the noises they made now . 
 it was a loud guttural noise . 
 the sweat poured from my forehead and i thought my eyes might bulge out of my skull . 
 the lackels looked at each other and made grunts . 
 it seemed as though they were discussing what course of action to take . 
 i gripped my machete tight . 
 my gut told me that this would not be a peaceful encounter . 
 i started silent prayers to whatever higher power existed . 
 i could not die , not here , not now . 
 one of the lackels started to move towards me . 
 the other one stayed where is was and glared at me with its frightening silver eyes . 
 the lackel that moved towards me grunted and snarled angrily . 
 its mouth was twisted into an evil grin . 
 it broke into a run . 
 i braced myself for the attack . 
 i could see the other lackel behind it crawling up to the ceiling . 
 apparently this was to be a dual attack . 
 the first one jumped at me and i swung my machete . 
 it landed into the side of its head with a sickening wet thud . 
 blood started pouring out of the wound . 
 the forward momentum of its now limp body pushed us both to the floor , the length of its body landing right on top of me . 
 i scrambled to get it off of me before the second lackel arrived . 
 its scaly , slimy skin under my fingers made my skin crawl . 
 i looked above me and knew it was too late . 
 the lackel jumped down from the ceiling and tore the other lackel off of me . 
 it growled in my face , its rotten breath flowing over me . 
 tears flowed down my face . 
 it stared at me with its hungry eyes and opened its mouth . 
 i knew this would be the last chance for attack that i would get . 
 i quickly reached up my hands and dug my thumbs into its eyes . 
 my stomach twisted at the feeling of the creature 's eyeballs under my fingers . 
 it felt like i was like trying to squash giant , warm grapes . 
 the lackel began to screech in agony . 
 it shook violently . 
 i lost grip and it sunk its teeth into my left shoulder . 
 i writhed in pain and screamed . 
 i reached back with my other fist and started pounding into its skull and the side of its face . 
 i heard the crunch of its nose under my fist and blood began to spray . 
 the lackel fell backwards , clutching its face . 
 i stood up and ran over to the first lackel . 
 i placed my foot on the lackel to hold it down as i removed the machete from its skull . 
 i ran up to the other lackel and began swinging , chopping off its arms and legs . 
 it made the most horrible noises i had ever heard , the high pitched sounds ringing in my ears . 
 finally it was motionless and silent . 
 i leaned over and vomited , clutching my ruined shoulder . 
 with shaky hands i tore off a strip of fabric from my negligee . 
 i pulled tightly on the fabric as i tied it , to reduce the blood flow . 
 i screamed as i did . 
 i picked up my supplies , grabbed the torch , and began to walk again . 
 i went for what seemed to be miles . 
 i had lost all concept of time . 
 i wondered what time it was back home . 
 i was exhausted , dizzy , and nauseated . 
 if i did n't get some rest , i knew that i would be unable to survive another attack . 
 i noticed an alcove to the left . 
 i would have to stop , eat a little , and sleep . 
 upon walking into the alcove , i felt a sort of relief . 
 it was deep into the wall of the cave and wide enough to be comfortable . 
 i would be able to go undetected here if i was careful . 
 i found another large crevice in the wall and wedged the torch in it . 
 i sat my machete and knapsack down and pulled the blanket out of the sack . 
 i laid it upon the floor of the alcove , sat down , and sighed in complete and total pleasure . 
 i could n't recall any time that sitting down had felt so good . 
 i pulled out the cloth napkin full of bread that baron had placed in my knapsack . 
 i removed two of the twisted rolls . 
 i tore into the first roll like an uncivilized beast . 
 i had n't realized how hungry i was . 
 at first i was afraid that the rolls would come right back up . 
 my stomach settled down a little as i forced myself to eat more slowly , savoring the yeasty softness of the bread as it melted in my mouth . 
 i took a few conservative sips of water . 
 i stood back up and grabbed the torch . 
 i sat back on the blanket and snuffed out the torch to the side of it . 
 i laid down , closed my eyes , and sought out sleep . 
 it was only moments before i found it . 
 andrew walked towards me in the darkness , his face frozen in a horrific expression . 
 tears were streaming down his cheeks . 
 `` andrew , what 's wrong ? '' 
 i called out . 
 my voice echoes throughout the black void . 
 i felt myself start to run towards him . 
 i had to get to him . 
 there was a sense of urgency i did n't quite understand . 
 i was almost there , just a few more feet . 
 all of the sudden , two black undefined hands grabbed him . 
 he began to scream . 
 he was reeling backwards . 
 i looked around and there were a hundred red glowing eyes staring at me from the darkness . 
 a woman 's laughter filled the air , evil maniacal laughter . 
 i covered my ears and screamed no over and over as i ran after him . 
 i started to sob . 
 `` please give him back !! 
 please ! 
 please !!! 
 no !!!! '' i screamed . 
 the woman laughed louder and harder . 
 my legs felt as if they would give out . 
 andrew was getting further and further away as each second past . 
 finally , it got to where i could n't see him anymore . 
 i thought my head would explode and my heart would collapse . 
 all of the sudden i tripped in the darkness . 
 i found myself falling down a black hole . 
 darkness was all i could see . 
 i closed my eyes and prepared to smack into the bottom if there was one . 
 i shot up from my sleep , sweating profusely . 
 my heart was racing and i was short of breath . 
 i started to cry . 
 i had never dreamt of something so real . 
 i wanted to see andrew more than i think i ever had in my life . 
 his horror stuck face and his screaming lingered in my mind . 
 the fear i had felt fighting the lackels did not even compare to how i felt now . 
 the real fear was failure . 
 the real fear was being too late . 
 the real fear was being unable to do anything . 
 i searched the ground for the torch and my knapsack . 
 i did n't know how much sleep i was able to get through , but it did n't matter . 
 there was no way i would be able to fall back asleep now . 
 my shoulder throbbed . 
 there was nothing to clean it out with . 
 i knew that it would n't be long before it became infected . 
 i found the torch and the knapsack . 
 i fumbled around in the sack to find some of the dried grass i had taken from the entrance and my flint stones . 
 i crawled away from the blanket and set the grass on fire . 
 i lit the torch . 
 i looked over at my left arm and shoulder . 
 the blood had seeped through my makeshift bandage and had run down in streaks on my arm . 
 i prayed that the bleeding was coming close to stopping , if it had n't already . 
 bleeding to death was not an option . 
 i had to make it . 
 i packed up my makeshift camp . 
 it was time to set out again into this nightmare fairytale . 
 after what i imagined was another mile , the tunnel had begun to incline slightly . 
 i became excited . 
 this meant i was beginning to travel up into the mountains . 
 i felt a small amount of accomplishment and hope . 
 i reminded myself to not get overly optimistic . 
 there was still a long way to go more than likely and i was in no way , shape , or form safe or close to finishing what i had come to do . 
 it was fairly silent in the tunnel now . 
 there were no more dripping sounds since i had moved past the river . 
 i was happy about that . 
 it meant that i would be able to hear anything or anyone approaching . 
 i wondered how andrew was faring . 
 i wondered if he would look the way he looked in my dream , horrified . 
 i was completely shaken . 
 it as if that look on his face had been burned into my retinas . 
 it was all i could see . 
 i was barely paying attention to where i was going . 
 it was as if i was in constant battle with myself to keep from breaking down . 
 my shoulder ached more and more as time passed . 
 i felt weak and dizzy . 
 the more inclined the tunnel became , the weaker i felt . 
 the worst part was not knowing how far there was to go . 
 i thought of meep . 
 i wished so much that he could have made the journey with me . 
 i would not be all alone with only me fears to keep me company . 
 i guess it is kind of wrong to wish another creature to risk their safety for me and andrew , not knowing either of us . 
 a glimmer caught my eye from further up the cave . 
 i slowed my pace , unsure of what to expect . 
 i walked slowly forward , being careful to not make any noise . 
 i was almost sure that that i could see something or someone around the curve ahead . 
 as i closed in on the curve , my pulse quickened . 
 there was someone there . 
 they looked human . 
 they had a torch as well . 
 meep had said the queen used to travel through here . 
 well , if it was her , she was about to suffer more than anyone ever had . 
 she would tell me where andrew was , and if andrew was dead , i would cut off little pieces of her and laugh as she screamed for mercy . 
 i pulled my machete off of my back and quietly put down my torch on the rocky tunnel floor . 
 i ran toward what i now saw was a woman . 
 she was running also , her weapon held high like mine . 
 `` you bitch !!! 
 where the fuck is andrew ? 
 where is he !? '' 
 i screamed as i swung down at her . 
 she swung down at the same time and i found myself reeling backwards to the ground . 
 i quickly stood up and got ready for a second attack . 
 as i moved forward , the appearance of the woman in the dim light caught my eye . 
 i stopped in my tracks . 
 i moved my free hand to touch my face and she did the same . 
 i waved and she did the same . 
 i put away my machete and so did she . 
 she was me . 
 it was a mirror . 
 i walked up to it , my eyes wide as i glanced myself over . 
 my hair was matted with sweat and dirt . 
 almost every inch of my skin was splotched with dirt and drops of blood . 
 i looked incredibly sick . 
 the clean parts of my skin had an alarming pallor to them . 
 in my dirty , torn , black negligee , i looked like a housewife that was stolen from her bed and dropped into the middle of a war zone . 
 i walked back over to my torch and picked it up . 
 i started walking again and noticed that the walls of the tunnels were all mirrors as far as i could see . 
 i wondered who would need mirrors in a place like this . 
 maybe the queen was incredibly vain . 
 the thought made me laugh a little . 
 my laughter was interrupted by someone ahead . 
 i stopped and listened . 
 the voice sounded strangely familiar . 
 i rushed forward to where the voice was coming from . 
 i almost squealed when i finally recognized the voice . 
 it was andrew ! 
 i started to run . 
 all exhaustion was gone . 
 i was going to get to see andrew ! 
 we would go home and i would hold him forever ! 
 i closed in on the voice and stopped as i looked to my right and there he was . 
 i started sobbing . 
 `` oh andrew , i was so scared . 
 i thought i would never see you again . 
 i love you so much . 
 i love you ... i ... . 
 i '' my voice trailed off as my chest heaved and my sobbing became hysterical . 
 i moved forward to encircle him with my arms and bumped my head as i moved forward . 
 i looked up confused . 
 i saw my living room . 
 andrew was there . 
 he was talking to somebody . 
 i looked over to see who it was and was in total disbelief when i realized it was me . 
 `` i really wish you would stay here , '' andrew said . 
 he looked up at the mirror image of me pleadingly from our navy blue paisley couch . 
 `` god , why are you always doing this ? 
 i just want to go out with my friends . 
 i mean is it so bad for me to go out and have a drink every once in a while ? '' 
 the mirror image of me curled her face in disgust . 
 i stood back and watched andrews face grow cold . 
 the other me turned and walked out the door , slamming it behind her . 
 andrew sat and frowned . 
 i felt sick inside . 
 i knew the scene all too well . 
 was that what it was like from the outside ? 
 either way , i needed to keep moving forward . 
 i walked a few more feet and another scene started playing out . 
 i looked to the left and we were on the back porch of the old apartment we had lived in before we got the house . 
 i started to rot apart inside . 
 this was the last thing i ever wanted to see . 
 `` i just feel like i am missing out on life . 
 i love you . 
 i am just not in love with you anymore . 
 look at you . 
 you are this upset now ; imagine what you will be like ten years from now if things do n't work out . 
 we are n't good together . 
 i am sorry , '' andrew said to the other me . 
 he was crying . 
 the other me was too . 
 we got back together six months later , but that was one of the single most painful memories i had . 
 i could feel it , the exact desperation and hopelessness that i had felt at that very moment . 
 it felt like the whole world was crashing around me and that my insides were rotting out . 
 i could hear the screaming in my head like i had heard that night . 
 i felt the pure terror of losing everything that meant anything to me all over again . 
 what was this , a fun house for the damned ? 
 i was completely riveted . 
 i started to run forward , my vision blurred by tears . 
 i could not handle much more . 
 i knew my sanity and will to survive hung by a thread already as it was . 
 i tripped and fell , slamming my knees into the jagged floor . 
 i screamed in agony . 
 i had scraped my knees terribly and they throbbed now in pain . 
 i moved my legs to be sure nothing was broken and was somewhat relieved when nothing was . 
 i looked over and a new scene had started . 
 i braced myself . 
 which dark haunting memory would this be ? 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i know i fucked up . 
 you 're leaving are n't you ? 
 you 're leaving and it 's all my fault . 
 i will change . 
 i promise . 
 please , i do n't think i can live without you , '' andrew looked at the other me , completely broken . 
 the other me moved to hug him . 
 `` i just need to get away for a while and clear my head . 
 i still love you . 
 i am just moving out , we 're not breaking up , '' the other me said , reassuringly . 
 i shook my head and screamed . 
 what an idiot i had been then . 
 i screamed out to no one , `` ok , i get it ! 
 we had problems . 
 i made mistakes . 
 what is this ?! 
 why am i being shown this ?! '' 
 to the other side of me a new scene started . 
 andrew and the other me sat on the couch together . 
 he played video games while her head rested against his shoulder . 
 she stared at him , waiting for him to glance down at her . 
 he was completely oblivious to her presence . 
 i thought i would seriously be sick . 
 my stomach churned as the emotions that i felt at that moment flowed though me . 
 so many times i had felt helpless , invisible . 
 so many times i had sat there waiting for him to just look over , aching for him to acknowledge my presence , that i was alive . 
 tears streamed down my face . 
 i shook my head and clenched my fists . 
 none of it mattered . 
 everyone has their problems . 
 andrew and i were no different than anyone else . 
 whatever force that was at work here would not stop me with ugly memories . 
 i would not go running , scared of the darkness that lay in my own heart . 
 i would fight my way up this stupid fucking mountain in this god forsaken tunnel . 
 nothing short of death would stop me from getting to andrew . 
 i stood up and brushed myself off . 
 i started to walk forward again . 
 every few feet i could hear my voice and andrew 's voice . 
 even though i refused to look over , it did n't seem to matter . 
 the memories played in perfect detail in my mind . 
 every bad moment we had ever lived was being thrown at me . 
 tears were a constant presence on my cheeks . 
 guilt flowed freely through me for all of the bad i had ever done . 
 old scars left from things i had forgiven were torn open to make new wounds . 
 it started to feel as if the walls were closing in . 
 as i continued forward i became so consumed by visions and memories that i could n't even see . 
 the visions of things passed flashed before my eyes . 
 it got to the point where i was n't even sure if i was still moving anymore . 
 i could n't make it stop . 
 i was drowning in the moments that i had tried to forget for so long . 
 i was being tortured by my past transgressions . 
 i started bargaining with whatever higher power there was that i would do anything for it to stop . 
 i think i had started to scream , but was unsure . 
 all of the sudden there was a bright flash and then quiet . 
 i drifted into blackness and became completely lost . 
 chapter 4 : my eyes opened to new surroundings . 
 a painful throbbing radiated from the back of my head . 
 i went to move my hand to touch it and realized that both of my arms were chained . 
 i looked around me and could see black stone walls , dimly illuminated by torch light . 
 thick black bars enclosed my small cell . 
 the smooth black floor was wet . 
 blurred reflections of the torch flames glittered and danced on the surface . 
 my arms screamed in agony and i could feel the cuffs of my chains working slowly into the skin of my wrists . 
 i started to cry . 
 it became apparent to me where i was . 
 i knew that i had finally made it to the black fortress , just not in the way i had hoped for . 
 i assumed the throbbing from my head was probably from being hit . 
 it would explain the bright flash and the blackness . 
 what tortures awaited me here ? 
 new despair washed over me as i realized that i had failed . 
 i would soon just be new blood for the red river and if andrew was still alive i would never see him again . 
 i let out a tortured sob . 
 he would never know i tried . 
 he would never know how far i had come , the lengths i had went to in the name of our love , in the name of the only sacred thing that i knew . 
 i let it fall out of me , the screams and the tears i had held back as i had climbed through the tunnel . 
 i let go of the strength that i had clung to for survival . 
 i tried to resign myself to the thought of already being dead and that soon i would know peace , if this were n't hell that i was already in . 
 i hung my head and cried hysterically . 
 i felt a great release , but at the same time , i could feel that the release was dangerous . 
 i knew i was teetering on the brink of madness . 
 i decided that maybe that was better . 
 maybe if i was mad i would n't be afraid when they slaughtered me . 
 maybe the queen herself would greet me as they sharpened the blades . 
 maybe i would have the chance to spit in her face before they cut me open and drained me dry . 
 i prayed for that , for one moment 's justice . 
 i screamed as loud as i could . 
 i wanted whatever world was out there to hear it , to share in my agony . 
 maybe my screams would make them come faster . 
 maybe they would hurry up and get the execution over with if i irritated them enough . 
 for what seemed like hours i cried and screamed until my voice was gone completely . 
 i was utterly exhausted . 
 nothing and no one came . 
 from time to time i would see a rodent scurry across the floor . 
 my destroyed shoulder kept me from passing out . 
 it felt as if someone was stabbing it over and over . 
 i was n't sure if it was an infection or the angle at which i was chained which caused this exquisite pain . 
 it did n't matter . 
 nothing mattered anymore . 
 a few moments later i heard someone or something approaching . 
 i felt fear stirring within me . 
 i guess emotion never really runs dry . 
 i saw the shadow of whatever approached on the hall floor beyond the bars of my cell . 
 finally i saw it . 
 it was a gangleus . 
 its black form wavered , never taking a permanent shape . 
 it looked in on me with its evil red eyes . 
 `` what the fuck are you looking at ?! '' 
 i attempted to scream at it . 
 my words came out only as a raspy whisper . 
 my vocal chords still had not recovered from the hours before . 
 it tilted the blob that was its head to the side and its body shook with the laughter that proceeded . 
 it had a deep booming laugh , the kind that you would imagine a monster in a cheesy horror movie would have . 
 `` such brave words coming from such a brave girl , '' it said , every word saturated in ridicule and sarcasm . 
 `` i believe the answer to your question would be i am looking at a prisoner , a pathetic little girl who could not get the job done . '' 
 it laughed again . 
 fury filled me . 
 this thing laughed at my failure , at my agony . 
 i wanted to claw at it and beat it until my hands were covered in its blood , if it had any . 
 i wanted to make it feel as i felt . 
 if only my hands were free , i would make this creature suffer inexplicable pain . 
 `` what are you going to do now ? 
 you are chained to a wall . 
 your journey is over . 
 whatever the queen decides to do with you is the only future that you have now . 
 maybe she will make you her pet , '' he laughed cruelly again . 
 `` where is andrew ? '' 
 i said ; my raspy words filled with hate . 
 `` oh yes , andrew , i almost forgot , '' he chuckled , `` the whole reason you are here . 
 well , andrew is right here , in this very fortress . 
 he is alive . 
 i think the queen has taken a real liking to him . 
 maybe he will be her future king . '' 
 `` i will kill her ! 
 i will slice her throat ! 
 i will cut out her heart and rip it to shreds ! '' 
 i had found my voice once more as it echoed through the cell and down the hall . 
 `` how exactly do you plan to do that ? 
 you are chained to a wall . 
 you are defeated . 
 the queen gets what she wants and if your andrew is what she wants she will have him . 
 maybe if you 're really good , she will let you live and serve them like the pathetic sniveling slave you are . '' 
 `` andrew loves me , he would never submit , '' i said with complete confidence . 
 i spit on the floor in the monster 's general direction . 
 `` perhaps you are right . 
 either way i hope i get to see how it works out . 
 leaving you alive and in agony would be so much more entertaining than killing you . '' 
 i struggled against the chains . 
 i wanted nothing more to be free so that i could destroy the gangleus and whatever stood in my path to andrew . 
 i vowed to myself that if i found the opportunity i would escape and cause such suffering that even if any of the creatures or the queen lived , they would be too afraid to ever inflict such misery on anyone again . 
 the gangleus walked off and called out to me over his shoulders , `` sweet dreams . '' 
 i smoldered . 
 i had so much rage inside that i felt it would consume me and burn me to a cinder . 
 i wished they had just taken action ; that the queen would just decide on what sick sadistic cruel torture she wanted given . 
 i thought of andrew alive in this fortress . 
 the gangleus said that the queen had taken a liking to him . 
 i sneered at the thought . 
 i wondered if he was in a cell like i was or if she had him in some room captive . 
 my mind flashed back to the nightmare i had in the tunnel ; the look of horror on andrews face . 
 it infuriated me that i was so close to him now , that maybe only down the hallway andrew was waiting , like me , for the end of everything . 
 maybe they would slaughter us together , or make one of us watch the other die before dying . 
 my mind roamed over all of the morbid possibilities . 
 i found myself numb to the horror of the different scenes my imagination played out . 
 after all , even if you inflict wounds over and over , does n't a person go into shock at some point ? 
 maybe it was possible that my mind had reached that point . 
 at some point i fell asleep . 
 no nightmares tormented me . 
 my body had finally given in to the complete and total emotional and physical exhaustion that plagued me . 
 i awoke to a burning sensation on my leg . 
 it was very dull at first and then progressed to an excruciating pain that spread across my right calf . 
 i felt little legs crawling up my leg now . 
 my mind took me back to the conversation meep and i had exchanged before i entered the tunnel . 
 the part about fire spiders came to mind . 
 though i was in great pain , i made myself stay perfectly still . 
 i had no idea how much damage was done to my leg , but whatever it was would not be made better by encouraging the spider to inflict another injury . 
 the spider moved it way up my abdomen , its tiny legs tickling my skin . 
 i restrained against the urge to squirm . 
 i knew if the acid was potent enough to eat a hole , that an abdomen injury would mean certain death . 
 it moved its way up my breast , and across my nipple , making it stand erect in response to the tickling of its legs . 
 i cringed , waiting for the acid to hit , but the spider just kept moving . 
 it moved up my neck onto my face . 
 luckily i had thought enough to close my mouth before it had reached this point . 
 it crawled up onto the bridge of my nose and paused . 
 i stared at its fiery red body . 
 i could see its black eyes staring at me , as if to taunt me . 
 many minutes passed . 
 the spider just stared on . 
 the burning sensation on my calf was driving me mad . 
 even worse , i felt as though i might sneeze . 
 almost as if it sensed this , it crawled up the bridge of my nose to my forehead and jumped onto my left hand . 
 all of the sudden i heard a sizzling sound . 
 had it spit on my hand ? 
 i did n't feel anything . 
 all of the sudden i felt the air hit the sweat on my wrist where the cuff had been . 
 i looked up to see that the cuff now had a gaping hole in it . 
 i slid my hand out and looked up just in time to see the spider spit on the right cuff and watch it corrode as the left had . 
 i pulled my other arm out and collapsed to the floor . 
 i looked up at the spider and watched it crawl into one of the crevices in the wall . 
 i was completely dumbfounded . 
 why would the spider have helped me ? 
 it had injured me and then helped me . 
 my head tried to wrap itself around the idea . 
 maybe the spider had seen the misery and desperation in my eyes . 
 maybe the spider had only spit on my leg because i had startled it by moving in my sleep . 
 regardless of why it had done what it had done i was deeply thankful . 
 i looked down now at my calf . 
 a large oozing wound covered most of the surface . 
 i was relieved that it was n't worse . 
 the spider must have used a much larger amount of acid on the cuffs or my leg would be eaten down to the bone . 
 i knew that i had to try and stand up , first to see if i could stand , and then so i could maybe look for a way out . 
 i pushed myself up with my exhausted arms , putting most of my weight on my left leg at first and then trying to transfer some of the weight to my right . 
 my right calf protested in agony and i shifted the weight back over to my left side . 
 i had almost screamed but had stopped myself , not wanting to bring the gangleus back before i had some sort of plan or escape route . 
 i slowly put weight back on my right leg again . 
 i bit down on my bottom lip as i equalized the weight . 
 it was no time to be a pussy . 
 i had to be able to walk , or no escape would work . 
 i made myself shuffle around the small cell that held me . 
 at first i was only able to take slow tiny steps , but as time progressed , so did my stride . 
 the pain lessened , or so it seemed . 
 i entertained the possibility that i was just growing numb to it . 
 once i was sure that i could walk at least semi-decently , i approached the barred entrance of my cell to look for any week points . 
 i examined each bar closely . 
 they all seemed to be strong and in good upkeep . 
 i tried squeezing my way through the bars , but found that as i suspected i was much too big . 
 i started scouring the walls , looking for loose stones . 
 i found nothing . 
 the only thing left to do was to form some sort of plan . 
 i sat on the floor for a very long time , pondering on how to go about my attempt to escape . 
 i had decided that i should wait for the gangleus to come whenever it next decided to come instead of causing a commotion to draw its attention . 
 hopefully , like the last time , it would come alone . 
 it would be challenging regardless of how many came , but with only one it was much more feasible . 
 i could slip my arms back up into the chains when the gangleus approached . 
 perhaps it would be coming to collect me for whatever torture i was due and open the entrance to the cell . 
 i would wait for it to cross over far enough from the entrance so that i could attack it . 
 upon defeating it , i would exit the cell and try to find something to serve as a weapon to protect myself as i searched for andrew . 
 the likelihood of things working out the way that i imagined was very slim , but it was worth a shot . 
 i stretched my muscles and rested up as i waited to hear the gangleus approach . 
 i needed all the strength that i could conjure after sustaining so many injuries and being so physically taxed . 
 i knew this would be my last attempt . 
 i would either overcome the gangleus or die trying . 
 i decided it was time for me to have a conversation with god for the first time in over ten years of my life . 
 i was n't a religious person , but since i was facing death , i figured it wise to make my peace . 
 `` god , i know you and i have n't really been that close over the past decade . 
 i know i have done some bad things and made some even worse choices . 
 i can honestly say i have tried my best up to this point , and if given the chance to keep living , i promise to try even harder . 
 if i do die here in this cell , please watch over andrew and keep him safe . 
 if we should meet today , i hope that you can look upon me in forgiveness and that you can let me find peace . 
 thanks for all i was ever given , '' and i left it at that . 
 no sooner had i quit speaking than i heard shuffling coming down the hall . 
 i quietly stood up and tiptoed back over to the wall . 
 i placed my hands in the corroded cuffs and grabbed them to cover the holes with my fingers . 
 i hoped that it was dim enough for the gangleus to not take notice of how unnatural the position of my hands probably looked . 
 the gangleus looked in on me . 
 he stared for a few moments and began to speak , `` what , no smart words this time ? '' 
 i simply returned his stare saying nothing in return . 
 `` perhaps you have learned your place . 
 either way , i was sent to get you . 
 the queen wants you cleaned up and brought to see her . '' 
 i felt a stir of panic . 
 though i had originally planned to attack , it seemed that it might be wiser to allow myself to be taken to the queen . 
 i would have a better idea of the layout of the castle . 
 perhaps she would have andrew with her . 
 maybe i could destroy her and get andrew back at the same time . 
 the gangleus spread out its undefined arms and brought them back together . 
 the cell door opened . 
 it seemed that it did not need a key to get in and out . 
 what magic was at work here ? 
 it made the same movement a few feet in front of me and i allowed my arms to drop as if the cuffs had been unlocked . 
 the gangleus did n't seem to take notice of anything being awry . 
 it waved its arms to motioning me forward , and suddenly my feet were no longer touching the ground . 
 i was being carried by some unseen force . 
 i suddenly became very aware that if i had attacked this creature , if that was even possible to begin with , that i would have been on the losing side of the battle . 
 the gangleus walked forward out of the cell and i floated just behind it . 
 i tried to move my legs , to see if i would be able to resist if necessary . 
 my legs remained completely still despite my greatest effort . 
 i decided to focus on my surroundings , to try to create a mental map in my mind of the places that we passed through incase i needed to find my way around the fortress if andrew and i could escape . 
 we floated down the hall past several cells . 
 there were creatures of all varieties contained within them . 
 to the left we passed what looked like a lion with a horse 's head . 
 its golden fur seemed tattered and dirty . 
 its tail was bent and broken in several places . 
 the mane of hair surrounding its head was in knots and tangles . 
 its eyes burned a fiery blue and in those eyes i saw despair . 
 at the end of its snout , a white mist came from its nostrils . 
 it whinnied and my heart jumped . 
 all i could do was look away helplessly . 
 i looked to my right and was startled to see three lackels locked up together , snarling at me and drooling as i pass by . 
 in the next cell was a creature with a womanly shape , pink skin , a pink , snout-like nose , and hooves on her hands and feet . 
 her eyes look wild and frightened as she snorted and squealed while we passed by . 
 i thought to myself that all of these creatures would soon meet some sort of ugly fate . 
 i wondered what their crimes were or if they had even committed any crimes at all . 
 after all , i had n't committed any crimes , and i was being put through unimaginable suffering . 
 upon reaching the end of the hallway we started to climb a spiral staircase . 
 it too was built with black stones and had smooth black stairs . 
 torches lit the way every few feet . 
 we climbed for what seemed to be four stories . 
 there were several hallways and stairways that branched out from the one we were on . 
 this place was obviously massive . 
 the gangleus stepped off of the stairway and through a red velvet curtain . 
 the hallway we entered was a much different scene than what i had seen coming up . 
 chapter 5 : white marbled tiles swirled with black stretched down the long hallway . 
 windows were scattered every few feet down the left wall . 
 they were adorned with heavy red velvet curtains much like the one we passed through to get into the hallway . 
 grey light spilled though the windows onto the hallway floors , giving the hallway a truly eerie feel . 
 we moved down the hallway and i could n't help but admire the magnificence of all that surrounded me . 
 there were grand chairs made of cherry wood and gold and red silk . 
 there were devastatingly beautiful statues . 
 some were of maternal figures with peaceful faces , holding children or baskets of fruit and bread , draped in flowing fabrics . 
 some were of vibrant young men , nude , in some pensive pose . 
 others were griffins , fauns , mermaids , and other creatures you would expect from a c.s. lewis novel or a fairy tale . 
 then there was the artwork . 
 paintings of fantastical landscapes colored the walls . 
 fields of fresh flowers , mountains , waterways , beaches , and cities were all framed by amazingly detailed woodwork . 
 there was so much beauty that the cold look of the black stone behind them was barely noticeable . 
 here and there would be cherry wood armoires and desks , with flowers and vines carved into them , topped with bronze candelabras holding ivory candles . 
 as they burned i could smell the scent of magnolias permeating from the burning wax . 
 the doors , oversized , most of them double with crystal doorknobs , were also fashioned out of cherry wood , amazing scenes carved into each one . 
 there were scenes of people farming , of beautiful gardens with hummingbirds and butterflies , or lovers intertwined under a grove of trees . 
 i was thoroughly impressed . 
 it was hard to believe that such a lover of art could be such a cruel and sadistic person . 
 we reached the last door on the right side of the hallway . 
 the gangleus moved its arms in the same fashion that it had in the cell . 
 the double doors parted and we entered a great room . 
 the ceiling was high . 
 it met in a point over a massive bed that was set on a pedestal at the far end of the room . 
 jade colored chiffon floated down from the ceiling parting over the bed . 
 the bed had four posts , carved out of a deep colored mahogany . 
 carved , intricate vines wrapped around the large posts . 
 jade satin covered the bed with small darker colored leaves and white flowers embroidered on the comforter . 
 against the right wall was a large mahogany armoire , with flowers and vines carved into the edges . 
 a large full length mirror framed in brass stood next to it . 
 a large painting of a morning meadow scene was centered on the wall over a mahogany table scattered with cosmetics , crystal perfume holders , a three prong brass candelabra and a small mirror . 
 on the left wall under the window was a large white claw foot tub . 
 at that moment i realized for the first time that there were three other creatures in the room . 
 they stood next to the tub , each of them identical in white flowing linen gowns . 
 their skin was sallow , their hair an unkempt mass of dull , dirty brown . 
 their eyes had dark shadows beneath them . 
 they would have looked completely human had it not been for their completely black eyes . 
 my feet touched the floor for the first time since we had left the cell . 
 i looked over to the gangleus and then to the three woman creatures , waiting for someone to move or say something . 
 `` get her cleaned up . 
 the queen will want to see her soon . 
 she needs to look presentable , '' the gangleus said with its gruff voice . 
 it turned its back to exit and laughed quietly as it exited the room . 
 no sooner than the door had shut that the three woman creatures started coming towards me . 
 it was as if they did n't walk , but floated over the tile . 
 i tried to think of something to say , but my mind was a complete blank . 
 they surrounded me on all three sides and ripped off my negligee . 
 i threw up my hands and yelled , `` hey ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 they reached down and tore off my underwear effortlessly . 
 they pushed me back onto the marble floor . 
 i let out a groan as my left shoulder protested in agony as it hit the cold tile . 
 they pulled off my flip flops , grabbed both of my arms and pulled me up off of the floor . 
 the air was cold against my naked flesh . 
 goosebumps stood out on every inch of me . 
 they pulled me over to the tub . 
 `` wait a minute , i will get in myself . 
 just do n't throw me ok ? '' 
 i looked at each one and plead with my eyes . 
 i stepped into the tub and screamed as the warm water hit my many scrapes and wounds . 
 the acid burn on my right calf caused a stabbing pain to run up my leg as i lowered myself further into the water . 
 i removed the makeshift bandage from my left shoulder . 
 pus , scabs and destroyed flesh appeared in front of my eyes . 
 my stomach turned over and i thought i might vomit . 
 one of the woman creatures dipped a sponge into the tub and squeezed water over my shoulder . 
 i screamed in agony . 
 tears of pain ran down my face . 
 all of the sudden , i felt all of their hands on my head at once shoving it down under the water . 
 i began to struggle , sloshing water over the side of the tub as my arms and my legs flailed . 
 they pulled me up by my hair and giggled in unison . 
 their voices had an ethereal bell like quality . 
 they poured a fluid that smelled like rose petals into my hair and started to work it in . 
 after a few minutes they dunked my head back under , rinsing the rose soap out of my hair . 
 they threw the sponge at me from earlier . 
 `` you may wash yourself , '' the three voices snapped . 
 i ran i moved the sponge lightly over my skin , going over all of the angry looking scrapes on my pale skin . 
 the bath water had become murky from all of the dirt that had covered me . 
 i scrubbed my face with the sponge , sighing as the warm water ran across my face . 
 i wondered why the queen was doing this . 
 why clean me up ? 
 it made no sense to put me through so much just to polish me up now . 
 the three woman creatures pulled me up out the tub , shoving plush white towels , as soft as egyptian cotton into my hands . 
 `` dry yourself off , '' they commanded . 
 i wrapped one of the towels around my hair and stepped out of the tub . 
 i began to dry myself off being careful not to rub against my large wounds . 
 as i dried off , the three of them walked over to the armoire . 
 they started filling their arms with items . 
 they started laying the items on the edge of the bed and motioned for me to come over to where they are . 
 when i got to the side of the bed where they stood i looked at the items scattered on the bedspread . 
 there was a long silver satin gown , a white corset and white lacy underpants , a silver shawl , and a pair of silver heels . 
 i stared at the garments in disbelief . 
 why in the world was i being dressed up ? 
 before i could ask , one of the woman creatures took the towel from my hair and lifted my arms , her black eyes moving in their sockets as she looked me over . 
 the other two woman creatures pulled the white corset over my head down to my middle section . 
 they began to pull violently on the laces , making it hard for me to breathe . 
 i took in a breath to begin my protest , but before i could say anything the woman creature that held my arms reached back and smacked me in my face . 
 the sting remained long after as shocked tears ran down my cheeks . 
 there was a coppery blood taste in my mouth . 
 the smack had slightly busted both of my lips . 
 the woman creature handed me the lacy underpants and i put them on , with no questions or protest . 
 she lifted my arms again as they slipped the lustrous silver gown onto me . 
 the woman creature reached over to the bed and picked up the sterling heels . 
 i slipped them onto my feet . 
 as soon as the heels were in place i was being pulled over to the dressing table . 
 one of the woman creatures picked up a large brush covered in harsh looking bristles . 
 she began to work out the tangles of my hair , causing my head to jerk back often , taking no care to be gentle . 
 one of the others began on my makeup . 
 she brushed powders and smoothed liquids over my face , accentuating my cheeks with rouge , applying a berry colored balm to my somewhat swollen lips . 
 she dusted a silvery shadow over my eyes , lined them with charcoal and darkened my lashes . 
 the third woman creature started to cover my exposed skin with a jasmine scented powder that irritated my scratched up flesh . 
 luckily , she was kind enough to avoid my destroyed left shoulder . 
 she spritzed my neck and wrists with a floral perfume . 
 the final touch to my little `` makeover '' was two silver combs decorated with realistic looking silver roses being placed into my hair to hold the top of it back . 
 the three woman creatures backed away from me and walked over to the bed . 
 one of them walked back over to me and brought me the silver shawl . 
 `` you will use this to cover your shoulder when you appear in front of the queen . '' 
 her eyes bore down into mine and i just nodded in compliance . 
 `` we will leave you now . 
 the queen will see you shortly . '' 
 the three woman creatures floated out of the room . 
 they slammed the doors behind them and i heard the turn of a lock afterwards . 
 i stood up and walked over to the full length mirror to have a look at myself . 
 my straw colored hair fell in silky strands to my shoulders . 
 my grey eyes returned the sparkle of the silver shadow that was dusted on the lids around them . 
 i would have looked like a princess if it were n't for all of the little angry red marks that covered me . 
 my left shoulder looked diseased . 
 it was truly the definition of repulsive . 
 i prayed that if i made it out of this alive that my arm would not need to be amputated . 
 i walked over to the window to see the outside for the first time . 
 mountaintops stretched out as far as the eye could see . 
 fog encircled them like halos . 
 i could see no bottom , no valley to the jagged structures . 
 i started to honestly wonder if i could have ever made it through the tunnel to get here , had i not been captured . 
 we seemed to be very high up , maybe over a day 's journey to the ground . 
 a flock of black birds with red eyes were flying by in the distance , their screeching echoing through the mountains . 
 i turned away from the gloominess of the window and walked over to the bed . 
 since i was to meet the queen , and apparently no one wanted to kill me yet , i decided a small nap could n't hurt . 
 i kicked off the silver heels at the side of the bed . 
 i laid down upon the satin comforter smoothing out my dress and placing my hair behind me as i settled in . 
 my face sunk into the softness of the pillow . 
 my muscles relaxed one by one . 
 i closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep . 
 i walked through the grand hallway , my silver gown flowing around me . 
 the hallway seemed to stretch for miles and miles . 
 my pace was brisk . 
 andrew was waiting for me . 
 joy radiated through my entire body . 
 a brilliant smile was painted across my lips . 
 as i passed each door my joy grew because i knew i was closer . 
 the end of the hallway came into view . 
 two pearly white doors were there . 
 the doors were trimmed and gold and adorned with cherubs atop clouds with golden lining . 
 tears of happiness flowed down my face as i closed the distance . 
 i reached the doors and took in a deep breath as i pulled at the golden knobs . 
 my eyes were over whelmed by the décor . 
 everything was drenched in pearl white and gold , the furniture , the draperies , the ivory four post bed tied with white chiffon drapes with gold lining . 
 my face fell as i looked on the bed . 
 all of the sudden , it was hard to find the air . 
 i was unable to breathe in , being suffocated by the weight of the image before my eyes . 
 there andrew was , sleeping peacefully under the covers with some woman by his side , a peaceful smile stretched across his beautiful face . 
 she smiled a victorious grin at me from the pillow next to him , her shiny chocolate colored hair framing her pale face , her brown eyes shining evilly with glee . 
 i tried to bring myself to move , to do something . 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs as i began to fly backwards , the woman 's laughter filling the hallway as doors , statues , curtains , and furniture turned into a blur . 
 as i screamed , i knew that i would never be able to stop screaming . 
 i would scream forever and it would be my hell to bear . 
 i woke up screaming . 
 i clutched my hair and began searching my surrounding franticly to make sure it was only a dream . 
 my eyes rested upon the figures that stood at the end of my bed and my screaming was silenced by the fear that now choked me . 
 there she stood . 
 she was a slender , graceful woman . 
 her chocolate hair curled at her shoulders and her chestnut eyes glowed beneath long lashes . 
 she wore a long black gown that fit her slim figure snugly . 
 her red lips were curled into the most curious smile . 
 her skin was pale , but darker than mine . 
 her high cheekbones were colored ever so lightly with rouge . 
 my stomach tied in knots under her gaze . 
 i took note that she had brought two guards with her . 
 there was one gangleus on each side , staring down at me as well . 
 `` you were having a nightmare , '' she giggled . 
 her voice was youthful . 
 i wondered how old she was . 
 i stared at her unsure of what to say . 
 i wanted to harm her , to do all of the terrible things that i had resolved to do earlier , but i would be unable to while her protectors stood watch . 
 `` where is andrew ? '' 
 my voice sounded groggy as if i was not fully awake yet . 
 `` oh , do n't you worry , he is close by . 
 you will get to see him soon enough . 
 you are very lucky you know . 
 he is an amazing man , '' she said , smiling down at me with her devil 's grin . 
 her words stung me like acid . 
 i could feel the fury rising in me once again . 
 `` i will leave you to freshen up a little bit . 
 we would n't want you looking anything but your best when you see andrew . 
 these two will bring you to the grand room when you are ready . '' 
 she winked at me as she walked away . 
 i wanted to smack the smirk off of her child-like face . 
 `` brush your hair ! 
 straighten yourself up ! 
 you heard her ! '' 
 the gangleus to the right shouted . 
 at first i refused to move . 
 i would be damned if i did anything the little bitch had to say . 
 then , i found myself being levitated over to the dressing table . 
 when my feet hit the floor again the gangleus spoke again , `` i suggest you do as she said to do . 
 if you refuse we will have to force you and i promise you , you wo n't like it . '' 
 i sat down at the dressing table and removed the silver combs from my hair so that i could brush it out . 
 i ran the brush through the few tangles that i had accumulated during my nap . 
 i stared into the small mirror on the table and placed the combs where they had been originally . 
 i ran my pinky finger under my eyes to straighten out my smudged eyeliner . 
 i opened the small ornate silver pot of berry colored balm that the woman creature had used earlier . 
 i applied a small amount , flinching as my finger ran over my lips where they had been busted . 
 `` ok , i am ready , '' i stated in annoyance looking back and forth at the two gangleus . 
 `` not quite , '' one of them said . 
 it walked over to the bead and picked up the silver shawl . 
 it approached me and threw it in my face . 
 `` cover up that disgusting shoulder and put on your shoes . '' 
 i shot the gangleus a look of complete and total hatred . 
 i gently wrapped the shawl around my shoulders . 
 my left shoulder stung when the fabric touched it , but the sensation passed quickly . 
 i walked over to the side of the bed where i had kicked off the heels earlier and slipped my feet into them . 
 i held my hand out to the sides and did a quick turn as if i was modeling . 
 `` there . 
 are you satisfied now ? '' 
 they just huffed at me and turned away . 
 my feet left the ground and i was floating after them as they moved to exit the room . 
 the doors opened . 
 as we made our way out into the hallway i wondered if i was really about to see andrew or if it was just some cruel trick the queen was submitting me to . 
 i prayed either way that he was unharmed and tried to remain skeptical , knowing that allowing myself such a high hope could be mentally disastrous if her words did prove to be false . 
 we moved through the double doors at the end of the hallway into a new hallway . 
 the hallway was much like the last hallway . 
 there were sculptures of children playing , of gods and goddesses from past mythologies , and of lovers dancing . 
 there were more fantastical paintings , most of them of night scenes and schooners or great ships sailing . 
 this time the curtains were a translucent royal blue . 
 the furnishings were carved out of a golden oak , accented with bold blue and white paisley fabrics . 
 the doors were all oak as well . 
 the candelabras were brass as opposed to bronze , complimenting the blues that dominated here . 
 everything was perfectly matched . 
 the scent of magnolias from the candles filled the hall like the last . 
 i thought about how much of a deception there was here . 
 any creature would enter here and find themselves overtaken by the beauty of the art , the décor , the care taken in every minute detail . 
 how could you not find yourself lucky , surrounded by such rich extravagance ? 
 however it was all a façade . 
 this place was truly death disguised by a beautiful mask to cover up the decay . 
 madness ran ramped under the beauty . 
 somewhere in this castle slaughters were taking place to fill the river that ran to the queens bathing pool . 
 i tried to keep this in mind as we traveled down this exquisite hallway as to not find myself under the spell of the place 's beauty . 
 we came to a corner and took a right . 
 the mood shifted immediately . 
 the hallway was dark and windowless . 
 burgundy chiffon came down from the ceiling , separating the hallway into small sections . 
 burgundy candles burned on black ornate candleholders attached to the walls . 
 they provided the only light here . 
 without them , the corridor would be lost to darkness . 
 there were paintings of medieval looking people on the walls . 
 all of their faces were morbid or twisted into scowls . 
 it felt as though i had entered dracula 's castle . 
 all warmth and comfort that had radiated from the art and beauty of the halls that had proceeded here quickly faded . 
 we came to the end of the hallway . 
 the dark mahogany double door that stood there sent shivers up my spine . 
 in it was a scene of destruction . 
 human skulls , warring angels , snarling demons , and death were etched into every inch of this gruesome entrance . 
 the gangleus on the right looked to the one on the right and they nodded simultaneously . 
 they moved their arms back and brought them together in one synchronized motion . 
 the doors opened and we floated into a large room that reminded me of a cathedral . 
 the black stone walls were rounded . 
 the same black candleholders from the hallway and stained glass windows stood as the only ornaments for their bleakness . 
 the windows were a horrific thing to behold . 
 scenes of sacrifices , people being thrown into hellfire , murders , and betrayals were painted across them . 
 heartbreaking , tortured , symphonic music played on my heartstrings as it flowed through my ears . 
 the violins sounded as if they were crying ; mourning the loss of someone they loved . 
 i could not find the source of the music as i scanned the room . 
 a single , wide , plush burgundy rug lay in the center of the room . 
 a burgundy couch sat at each of the four corners surrounding a wide , round , mahogany table . 
 all of the legs of the furniture had been carved into what looked like bear paws which only added to the already very morbid feel of the room . 
 i heard a door shut behind me . 
 i took notice that my wardens had left me as i looked backward . 
 i started to search the room , looking for some purpose for me to have been brought here and left alone . 
 my eyes widened as they came to rest on the far corner of the room . 
 it felt as though my heart might stop . 
 there he stood , radiant , and devastatingly beautiful . 
 it was andrew . 
 he wore his navy blue work scrubs , his rich brown hair slightly curling at his jaw . 
 he looked completely unscathed , not a scratch on his perfect olive toned skin . 
 i stood drinking the vision of him in , as though i had never seen him before . 
 i searched his face . 
 he looked tired , emotionally strung out , and melancholy . 
 dark shadows rested under his glowing hazel eyes , which were just a little greener than usual . 
 i had to remind myself to breathe , noticing that i was light headed . 
 i wanted so much to run forward , for it to be real , but at the same time i was terrified that i would be disappointed once more . 
 i gathered up my courage and went to run , but stopped just as quickly as i started . 
 there she stood , just a few feet from him . 
 he towered over her , as he did most people , but she did not look intimidated . 
 she quickly glanced over to me and a smile played at the corner of her lips . 
 she looked back over at andrew and up into his eyes . 
 `` andrew , why do n't we move over to one of the couches ? 
 we will be able to continue our conversation much more comfortably there , '' she said , a smile apparent in her voice as she held out her arm toward the couches suggestively . 
 she began to walk forward and he followed her , his head hung low , staring at the floor . 
 she lowered herself gracefully onto the couch farthest from where i stood . 
 she patted the cushion next to her , motioning for him to sit down . 
 she flipped her hair back behind her , her vibrant chocolate hair bouncing as is it were made of springs . 
 he sat , but kept his distance . 
 i smiled . 
 this charade had gone on long enough . 
 i walked forward and called out to him , `` andrew , i am here ! '' 
 however , he did not stir . 
 he did not even glance upward . 
 i quickened my pace toward them , careful to not twist my ankles in the ridiculous heels that i wore and called out again . 
 `` baby , i am here . 
 look , it 's me , torey . '' 
 he still did not move . 
 i began to run , slightly alarmed . 
 as , i made it to the edge of the burgundy rug , i fell backward . 
 i stood up , confused , and started to approach again ; this time slowly with my hands held out in front of me . 
 as i came to the edge of the rug , my hands came to rest on a barrier of sorts . 
 though i could feel it , i was unable to see it . 
 i began to bang against it with my fists in attempt to break it . 
 the queen looked over at me again and grinned `` so , andrew , where were we before i so rudely interrupted ? '' 
 she beamed over at him , consuming him with her eyes . 
 andrew sat completely still . 
 it was as though he was in a trance . 
 he stared at the floor , his expression hollow , his hands resting folded in his lap . 
 my curiosity over what he had been through since he arrived burned inside of me . 
 i longed to go over , to wipe away the despair from his face . 
 `` that 's right we were discussing torey , '' she continued , her grin widening . 
 i started to bang on the barrier harder , `` you bitch ! 
 let me talk to him ! 
 let him see me ! '' 
 angry , mascara stained tears fell down my face . 
 andrew looked up and i stopped banging . 
 for a moment i thought he had actually heard me . 
 then he looked over at her , and i realized that he was just preparing to reply to her . 
 `` torey ? 
 is she here ? 
 do i get to see her ? '' 
 his voice sounded completely flat , emotionless . 
 my god , what had they done to him . 
 `` well , that depends on you really , '' she said playfully . 
 `` i have a proposition for you . '' 
 her face was victorious . 
 it was as if she already had what she sought after . 
 `` what proposition ? ' 
 he replied , his words acidic . 
 `` well , i will let you see torey . 
 i will even allow you to spend the entire evening with her . 
 in the morning i will send her home unharmed , but you will stay here with me , '' she flashed him a smile . 
 he stared at her and shook his head in disapproval and disgust . 
 `` i will never agree to that . '' 
 `` ok , well you do have another option . 
 you can see torey . 
 you can go home . 
 as a matter of fact you can even go home together . '' 
 she stopped , leaning her head to the side , eagerly anticipating what he would say to that . 
 `` you would let us go ? '' 
 his eyes lit up . 
 his voice was full of child-like innocence . 
 `` yes , you could go . 
 you could leave together , but i do n't think you will be very happy if you do , '' she replied , purposely being vague . 
 my blood boiled . 
 i hated the way she was toying with him . 
 `` i do n't think i follow , '' he replied confused , his brow furrowing with concern . 
 `` well , you could leave together , but torey 's blood will be forfeited as the price . 
 take her home with you if you like . 
 you could arrange a nice funeral for her . 
 i think she would just look breathtaking . 
 can you imagine , her pale skin , her golden hair surrounded by white lilies , purple orchids perhaps ? 
 what do you think ? '' 
 she started to laugh . 
 i wanted nothing more than to be able to talk to andrew right then . 
 i wanted to tell him to agree to nothing . 
 i did not care how many minions she had . 
 if she wanted my blood she would have to fight me for it . 
 she could have andrew over my dead body , and only under the literal sense of that would i allow it to be possible . 
 i clenched my fists , homicidal thoughts stirring in my mind . 
 i could see the anger rising in his face . 
 `` you are insane ! 
 i will never stay here with you ! 
 i will never allow you to harm torey ! '' 
 his eyes darkened in their rage , burning at her . 
 his scowl was very menacing and intimidating . 
 i do n't think i had ever seen him look so frightening in all of my years of knowing him . 
 `` is that so , '' she replied calmly , clearly amused and completely unaffected by his angry words . 
 she snapped her fingers and instantaneously two gangleus were at his side . 
 he was held , paralyzed by whatever magic they possessed . 
 she snapped her fingers again and all of the sudden two gangleus appeared at my side as well . 
 i tried to struggle unsuccessfully . 
 `` torey , it is so nice to have you join our little chat , '' she said , her voice overbearingly sweet . 
 andrew glanced over and saw me . 
 his eyes widened and started brimming with tears as he looked me over head to toe . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 my heart skipped a beat as i realized that he could see me for the first time . 
 i started falling apart piece by piece , `` oh andrew , `` i sobbed , '' i am so sorry . 
 i tried so hard . 
 i tried to save you . 
 i have failed us both . '' 
 i unraveled into a hysterical mess , finding it hard to breathe between the cries escaping my throat . 
 he stared at me , tortured , helpless . 
 `` please do n't cry . 
 baby , it 's ok . 
 it 's going to be ok , '' he had started to cry . 
 i could hear the doubt he had behind his own words . 
 the queen stared at us both , extending her lower lip to mock us . 
 `` is n't that sweet ? 
 what a nice little reunion . 
 as touching as i find all of this , i would really like to wrap this up . 
 so , andrew , it is time for you to decide . '' 
 andrew looked over at her in disbelief . 
 `` i already told you , i am not staying here ! 
 if you harm her i will make you regret it if it is the last thing i do ! '' 
 the queen rolled her eyes and sighed . 
 she nodded at one the gangleus that stood next to me . 
 i found myself falling to the floor . 
 the other gangleus stepped out of the room . 
 for a moment there was silence . 
 no one moved or said anything . 
 i stared at the door , waiting for the gangleus to come back . 
 the door opened and the gangleus entered with a small knife in his hand and an old fashioned pitcher like they had in old time movies for a washing basin . 
 i did n't have to guess what they were for . 
 terror possessed me at hand . 
 i looked over to andrew , trying to look to conjure up my bravest face . 
 i smiled a weak smile . 
 `` andrew , i love you so much . 
 you know that right ? '' 
 my lips quivered as i tried to keep myself from crying . 
 `` i want you to know that i am sorry for everything i have ever done to hurt you . 
 i always thought it would be you and i , happy forever . 
 that is all i wanted , was to make you happy . '' 
 tears rolled down my cheeks despite my greatest attempts to hold them back . 
 andrew started shaking his head in disbelief , his eyes switching from me to the knife clad gangleus . 
 `` why are you talking like that ? 
 there is nothing to be sorry for . 
 we 're going to be fine . 
 we are going to be fine ! '' 
 he screamed as if he increased the volume of his words it would make them truer . 
 the gangleus crossed over into the line of my vision . 
 i floated up from the floor to an upright position . 
 it moved its right arm out ward to its side and my body mimicked its movement . 
 the gangleus looked over to the queen and i followed its gaze . 
 her look was ecstatic , madness dwelled behind her eyes . 
 she nodded . 
 it was all so quick that i did n't even feel it at first . 
 it was when andrew started to scream that the pain set in . 
 the gangleus had sliced my arm . 
 blood dripped steadily from my arm into the pitcher that it held . 
 the cut was not as deep as i feared it was at first , but without a bandage or medical attention , i knew that i would lose quite a bit of blood . 
 either way , my gut told me that this would not be the last injury that i would sustain . 
 she had said that she would bleed me dry if he did n't stay . 
 i looked over to andrew . 
 andrew 's face was caught in that horrified expression from my nightmare in the tunnel . 
 tears flowed down his cheeks . 
 he looked as though he might get sick . 
 i started shaking my head at him . 
 it was as if i could read his thoughts . 
 he wanted to save me . 
 what he did n't really see was that saving me would be far worse than death . 
 saving me meant an eternity at home while he was captive here , with only my nightmares for company . 
 `` so , what do you say andrew ? 
 do you want torey to go home breathing or will you be arranging that lovely funeral we were discussing ? '' 
 she laughed as she walked up to him and stroked his face with her very feminine graceful hands . 
 `` no ! 
 leave her alone ! '' 
 he roared . 
 sobs came floating out of his throat . 
 `` no ? '' 
 she said teasingly . 
 she nodded and the gangleus raised the knife again . 
 i close my eyes and braced myself for another cut . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 andrew screamed . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 the queen raised her hand and the gangleus paused . 
 `` yes , '' she said , glee filling her voice . 
 `` i will stay , '' he sobbed , `` please just do n't hurt her anymore . '' 
 `` no ! 
 andrew , you ca n't ! 
 please andrew , take it back . 
 i would rather die ! 
 do you understand ?! 
 i would rather die ! '' 
 i stared at him , waiting for his glance to meet mine , but he would n't look at me . 
 the queen snapped her fingers and a scroll appeared in her hand . 
 `` i guess we have a deal then ? 
 is that right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said in almost a whisper , staring at the floor . 
 his head hung defeated . 
 i screamed in protest over and over , but no one even looked at me . 
 i wanted to rip my hair out . 
 i could not believe what was happening . 
 how could he agree ? 
 how could he give in ? 
 my rage consumed me and i started to hyperventilate . 
 andrew finally looked over to me with the most tortured gaze . 
 he glanced back over at the queen and she smiled . 
 `` well , just a quick prick of the finger and we will be done here then . 
 after that you can spend your last evening together . '' 
 her happiness flowed out of her and filled the room . 
 it felt as if it was burning my skin . 
 all i could think was of all the different ways that i wanted to kill her , of how i wanted to smash her young beautiful face . 
 the gangleus that held the knife that had cut me walked over to where they were . 
 he pulled one of andrew 's hands forward and touched the tip of the knife to his pointer finger . 
 the queen unraveled the scroll and held the bottom of it next to andrew 's finger . 
 `` just touch right there on the line and we have a deal , '' she chimed . 
 i held my breath , hoping andrew would wisely change his mind at the last minute . 
 his finger touched the paper and i knew at that moment that all was lost . 
 the queen sat the scroll on the table as she began to walk over to me . 
 she stopped a couple feet short of me . 
 i thought it was wise of her considering i would spit in her eye if she ventured any closer . 
 `` it has truly been a pleasure torey . 
 i have to say , i admire your courage . 
 i mean you did try . 
 you made it a lot farther than i thought you would . 
 when those lackels attacked , i thought you were a goner for sure , '' she mused . 
 she stood just staring at me as it soaked in . 
 she had known i was coming the whole time . 
 she had seen my every move . 
 i just stared at her . 
 i was rendered completely speechless . 
 `` now , do n't you worry about andrew because i promise to take extra special care of him . 
 he will want for nothing while he is here . 
 in time , he wo n't even remember you . '' 
 `` fuck you bitch ! 
 he will never forget me ! 
 i hope you burn in hell ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i thought i might explode . 
 `` that is very sweet . 
 however , i think we both know , the only person who is going to be residing in hell will be you , once you get home . '' 
 she winked at me , blew me a kiss and then addressed the gangleus . 
 `` wrap up her arm . 
 take them back to her room . 
 let no one ever say that i am not merciful . '' 
 all of them laughed in unison . 
 the gangleus with the knife walked over to me and cut a strip of fabric from my shawl . 
 he tied it tightly around the wound on my right arm . 
 drops of blood started to spread across the sheer fabric . 
 the gangleus all turned in unison and proceeded by turning andrew and me with their will . 
 we all started moving towards the exit . 
 i felt completely floored as we traveled through the hallways back to the room . 
 what was there left to do ? 
 i was n't sure how that contract worked , but something told me that the fact that he signed in blood made it supernaturally binding . 
 what would happen if we tried to leave ? 
 furthermore even if we escaped , she had seen my every move before , why would n't she be able to now ? 
 i felt nothing but utter despair and desperation . 
 tomorrow i would be going home . 
 i would never see andrew again . 
 what would i tell his family ? 
 what would i tell our friends ? 
 what would i tell myself for that matter ? 
 how was i going to ever learn to live again ? 
 no one would ever believe what had happened . 
 i would never be able to tell anyone . 
 i would be left to slowly rot in my own insanity . 
 my life would be void of all meaning , of all reason . 
 i sunk lower and lower as reality set in . 
 this was the last evening , the only evening where i would feel whole for the rest of eternity . 
 we approached the door . 
 one gangleus made the arm motion i had grown accustomed to seeing and the doors opened . 
 we all floated in . 
 my feet touched the floor . 
 i looked over and andrew 's had as well . 
 the gangleus walked away and shut the door , locking it behind them . 
 andrew and i were left alone , staring gravely at each other . 
 chapter 6 : five minutes had passed and neither of us had moved . 
 we just stood there staring at each other , as still as statues . 
 i was afraid to move . 
 i felt like if i did all sanity would leave me and i would n't be able to enjoy my last moments , not that i was enjoying them now . 
 i wondered if he felt the same . 
 finally , andrew moved . 
 he started to walk toward me . 
 i shifted my gaze to the floor , the sight of him tearing me as well as my sanity into shreds . 
 somewhere inside i think i was trying to teach myself to not long for what was no longer mine . 
 he stopped right in front of me , placing my right hand in his outstretched hand . 
 he lifted his other hand and brought it to my chin , lifting my face to meet his . 
 he looked down into my eyes and i screamed inside . 
 his eyes were wet with fresh tears , making them all the more devastating and all the more beautiful . 
 i found myself drowning in flecks of golden brown and green . 
 i wanted to look away . 
 my chest had become tight . 
 i thought my heart was sure to stop . 
 as the tears fell down his cheeks he leaned down , his full warm lips brushing against mine . 
 my heart shattered and i knew that i would never again be able to piece it back together . 
 he lifted his face away and i just stared up after him . 
 the silence that had held us captive returned once more . 
 i turned away and walked toward the bed , andrew 's eyes following after me . 
 even in my misery it was still so beautiful , covered in the jade satin comforter adorned with the delicate white flowers . 
 i sat down on the edge and removed my shawl . 
 i looked up and andrew 's eyes had widened . 
 i followed his gaze to my left shoulder . 
 when i looked over at it , i found that i was no longer surprised by its grotesque appearance . 
 andrew walked briskly over to me and sat down next to me , once again placing my hand in his . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 the sound of his voice stomped all over the shards of my heart , making me wince . 
 i could n't look up . 
 he grabbed my chin once more and turned my face towards his . 
 `` torey , what happened to your shoulder , '' he paused , his eyes searching mine , `` i mean what happened to you ? 
 `` i looked at my shoulder once again apathetically and then looked back in his eyes . 
 `` baby , what happened ? 
 tell me , '' he said , his voice pleading with me . 
 my face crumbled . 
 `` andrew i tried so hard ! '' 
 i sobbed . 
 `` i just wanted to save you . 
 i just wanted for us to go home together . 
 i just wanted to have the chance to make up for every mistake i had ever made , to love you the way i had always meant to , if only i had n't been so caught up in myself . '' 
 i shook my head as i sobbed hysterically . 
 he started to rub my back . 
 i looked at him through my tears and threw his arm off of me and stood up , backing away . 
 `` no ! 
 that will never happen now ! 
 you are hers now ! 
 i will never see you again . 
 i ... will ... never ... '' i fell to my knees and grabbed them , rocking back and forth , my breathing jagged between my cries . 
 i wanted to be able to be warm towards him . 
 i wanted to so much to hold him . 
 it was n't as simple as that though . 
 i could n't get past the fact that this was it , that this was the end of us . 
 he stood up and walked over to me . 
 he scooped me up off of the floor into his arms . 
 i started to fight him and then just let go , letting the pain overtake me . 
 every breath i took in was filled with the scent of his aftershave . 
 it was dizzying . 
 i knew that i was losing it . 
 he placed me gently on the bed , allowing my head to slowly slip onto the pillow . 
 he walked to the end of the bed and crawled over next to me placing his arm around my waist . 
 `` torey please look at me , please talk to me . 
 i had to do it . 
 i could n't stand there and watch you bleed to death . 
 i just could n't . 
 do n't you understand ? '' 
 he was the one who sobbed now . 
 i stared at the ceiling , tears pouring from the sore corners of my eyes to the pillow . 
 `` i love you . 
 i had to do it because i love you . 
 i could n't ... i just ... please ? '' 
 i turned to face him , no longer being able to take it . 
 i would be brave . 
 i could fall apart tomorrow . 
 the one thing i knew i could no longer do was sit and torture him with my silence . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck as he wrapped his arms around my waist . 
 i held him as tightly as i could . 
 his body heat radiated against mine . 
 i could feel his heart beating rapidly , as was mine . 
 i tried to focus on it , to remember the sensation of it , praying that i would never forget . 
 i backed away , looking him over , rememorizing every inch of his skin . 
 i stared at his arms , his slender but well defined muscles , the veins that stood out on his forearms and hands . 
 i stared at his face , his long , slender nose , his beautifully shaped eyebrows , his long lashes , the lines that stood at the corners of his eyes , his smile lines on his face . 
 i memorized every freckle , every beauty mark . 
 i caressed his cheek with my hand . 
 `` i love you so much , '' i whispered as i tried to move past his eyes into his soul , praying that i would get trapped there , never being able to find my way out . 
 he stared at me for a moment and then pulled my forehead to his , `` i love you more than you will ever know . '' 
 once again his lips brushed against mine . 
 i pulled him to me , deepening the kiss . 
 i tried to convey my feelings in that kiss , to make it say i love you , to make it scream that he was my life , the only thing i knew . 
 tears burned hot on my face , but i did n't move away . 
 i just continued , trying to pull him closer , trying to press us together so that we might never be separated . 
 he pulled away from me , moving down to my right ankle , kissing it softly , pushing up my gown as he moved up to my shin . 
 i flinched and gasped as he brushed his hand against the acid burn on my calf . 
 he backed away and turned my leg to get a better look at the wound . 
 he lifted my dress up higher and saw my scraped up knees . 
 he looked up at me , his eyes full of pain . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his voice was uneven and overflowing with concern . 
 i looked at him and frowned . 
 i did n't want to rehash they nightmare journey to this moment . 
 i knew that it would only bring him further down . 
 `` i ca n't just lay here and ignore it . 
 i need to know . '' 
 `` all right , come up here and lay with me , i will tell you , '' i replied , dismay overshadowing my words . 
 he scooted up the bed and laid down next to me so that we were face to face . 
 i tried to think of where to start . 
 `` i woke up around 10 a.m. to find the shower running . 
 i looked through the house and you were n't there . 
 your cell phone was still at the house and so was your car , so i started calling everyone we know , but no one had heard from you . 
 later on when i went in the bathroom , a gangleus was there . 
 they said that they had you and that if i wanted you back that i would have to come and get you . 
 so , i climbed through the mirror and started walking . 
 i ran across this friendly little furry creature name meep , '' i paused , waiting for him to remark , but he just laid there , completely enthralled . 
 `` anyway , meep led me to his friend baron 's house . 
 baron was kind enough to give me a weapon and supplies for my journey . 
 then , we left to go to the red river so i could go into the tunnel there that led to this place . 
 meep told me that he would go no further once we got to the entrance and i shimmied my way into the tunnel . 
 i found a torch and started making my way towards here . 
 then the two lackels attacked me . '' 
 andrew stared at me confused . 
 `` what are lackels ? '' 
 his eyes glowed with curiosity . 
 `` they are these black scaly creatures . 
 they can climb walls and crawl on ceilings . 
 they have the most frightening silver eyes you have ever seen and razor sharp teeth . '' 
 i could see the fear in his eyes as i described them . 
 `` one of them came at me and i killed it with my machete , but it fell on top of me and i was unable to get back up before the next one was on top of me . 
 i tried to gouge out its eyes with my thumbs , but it shook me off and bit into my left shoulder . 
 i hit it over and over again and broke its nose and it fell backward . 
 at that point i grabbed my machete and hacked it to pieces . '' 
 andrew just stared at me for a few minutes , absorbing it all in . 
 his eyes would rest on my face and then my shoulder . 
 it was as if he was trying to wrap his mind around the idea that his tiny 5 ' 4 '' girlfriend had fought two monsters and had won . 
 `` so , what happened after that ? '' 
 he said , caressing my face with his left hand . 
 `` i tore a piece of my negligee off and wrapped up my shoulder and continued on . '' 
 he smirked and interrupted , `` you were in your negligee ? '' 
 i could n't help but crack a small smile , `` well , it 's not as though i thought i would be fighting monsters and traveling through tunnels to get to you . 
 in the real world , people do n't normally go through mirrors into lands straight out of a horror novel trying to save their boyfriends . '' 
 `` ok , i 'm sorry , continue . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed my forehead and then looked at me , conveying with his glare that i had his full attention . 
 `` well , i had to stop and take a nap . 
 i had the most horrible nightmare . 
 i kept running after you as they pulled you away , but i could n't catch up . 
 then you were gone and i was falling . '' 
 tears started to form at the corners of my eyes and he blotted them away . 
 he grabbed my face between his hands and met my eyes with his . 
 `` i am right here , '' he whispered softly . 
 `` now , tell me the rest . '' 
 i pulled in a deep breath and continued . 
 `` so , after i woke up from that i knew i would n't be able to fall back asleep . 
 i relit the torch and started on my way again . 
 after i got past the river , the tunnel started to incline . 
 i felt like i was finally getting somewhere . 
 then i came upon a part of the tunnel where the walls were completely made up of mirrors . '' 
 i stopped , staring at the walls , my mind playing over all the horrible memories that i had seen in the mirrors . 
 sadness filled me . 
 i would never be able to right those mistakes . 
 i would never get to see our happily ever after . 
 `` what is it baby ? 
 what did you see there ? '' 
 his words pulled me out of my thoughtful trance . 
 `` well , any and everything bad that we have ever been through was depicted in the mirrors . 
 it was like they had home movies of every argument we have ever had , of every breakup , of every negative feeling . 
 i tried to shut it out , but then it overtook me . 
 i could n't see anymore . 
 the emotions overwhelmed me , the memories filled my eyes . 
 i tried to run and fell and scraped up my knees pretty badly , as you can see , '' i stated mater-of-factly , directing my gaze to my exposed knees , andrew 's gaze following mine . 
 `` then something hit me on the head and i woke up in some sort of dungeon . 
 they had me chained to a wall . 
 i was kept there for hours . 
 i eventually passed out from exhaustion and a fire spider spit acid on my leg , which is where that large wound on my calf came from . 
 strange enough , that same spider spit on the cuffs that held my arms in chains and set me free . 
 i was going to try to attack the gangleus when it came to get me , but then it said i was being taken to the queen and i decided to just go along with it , thinking that even if it did n't lead me to you , that it would give me a chance to destroy her . '' 
 my face twisted in anger as i thought of her . 
 i wanted nothing more than to hurt her , over and over again until she begged for death . 
 `` they brought me to this room and these three woman creatures with black eyes cleaned me up , forcing me into this gown and covering me in makeup and perfume . 
 i was brought to the room where i finally got to see you . 
 i was standing there for your entire conversation with the queen . 
 there was some kind of barrier . 
 i banged and i screamed , but you could n't hear me . 
 i guess when she snapped her fingers the barrier disappeared . 
 the rest , you were there for . 
 so that 's what happened to me . '' 
 andrew just stared at me , unable to speak . 
 his face was a mix of emotions . 
 i could see fear , anger , surprise , but overall sadness . 
 `` you went through all of that ? 
 i do n't even know what to say . 
 i am blown away . 
 i am glad to know that you love me enough to come for me . 
 i stare at your wounds though and i feel so guilty . '' 
 his eyes were full of torture and guilt . 
 i could n't even begin to understand why . 
 `` why do you feel guilty ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 you did n't do this to me . 
 you did n't make this happen . '' 
 `` yes , but i am a man . 
 i am supposed to take care of you . 
 i am supposed to save you . 
 i have failed you there . 
 i promise you this though , when the morning comes , we will fight together . 
 we will go home together . 
 i will make this up to you somehow . 
 we will get past this nightmare . '' 
 his words were sincere , but in my gut i knew that tomorrow was the end . 
 there were forces at work that were stronger than the both of us . 
 they could render us paralyzed with a wave of their arms . 
 i did n't argue this point with him though . 
 for the moment i decided to pretend it was true . 
 i tried to imagine it ; us back at home , sitting in bed drinking coffee , watching cartoons on a saturday morning . 
 `` now you must tell me what happened to you while you were here . 
 i was so worried . 
 i am so happy to see that they did n't hurt you . '' 
 `` well , my story is n't near as dramatic as yours . 
 i was getting ready for work . 
 i was in the shower and was in the middle of shampooing my hair . 
 i heard the shower curtain open and i called out your name , thinking it was you . 
 when you did n't answer i opened my eyes and there was a brunette woman in front of me , wearing an evening gown . 
 i rubbed my eyes , thinking maybe i was just seeing things . 
 when i looked again she was still there . 
 i moved past her and grabbed my towel to cover myself up . 
 i asked her who the fuck she was and what she was doing in my house . 
 she just stood there , smiling and laughing . 
 i shook her , asking her again who she was , and she would n't answer . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 i was so afraid that you would wake up and walk in and think the wrong thing . 
 she picked up my work clothes off of the seat of the toilet . 
 all of the sudden , i saw the black monster in the mirror . 
 before i even had time to yell , i found myself being sucked into the mirror . 
 within seconds i was inside the fortress . 
 i stood there , in this gigantic room , all white and gold , completely naked . 
 she just stared at me as i did my best to cover myself . 
 she laughed . 
 i asked her where we were , growing angrier by the second . 
 i have to admit though , i was scared as hell . 
 she threw my clothes at me and rolled her eyes at me . 
 she told me to get dressed and that she would be back for me . '' 
 he paused , staring at me . 
 i guessed that my emotions were probably painted clearly across my face . 
 i was angry , murderously angry . 
 i noticed that my fists had clenched subconsciously . 
 `` i want to kill her . 
 i wish that there was just a way . 
 i want to kill her and i would enjoy it thoroughly as i did it if i could , '' my voice was gravely serious . 
 i did n't even sound like myself . 
 i had never truly wanted to destroy a human being before , let alone enjoyed the thought of doing so , but then again no one had attempted to kill me before . 
 no one had tried to kidnap what i loved most before . 
 `` believe me ; i want to make her pay for what she has done to you too , for what she has done to the both of us . 
 if she tries taking you from me in the morning , i will make her pay . 
 no one is taking you from me . '' 
 he circled my face with his eyes , running his large , graceful hands through my hair . 
 he leaned and kissed me even more passionately than before . 
 i returned it with equal force . 
 i placed my hands in his silky hair , running my fingers though it over and over , making my fingers memorize the sensation , wanting to know each strand . 
 i pushed him away and gently and pulled his shirt over his head . 
 i looked him up and down , his slender and muscular torso lying before me . 
 his shoulders glowed , slightly tanner than the rest of his arms from surfing . 
 freckles were scattered playfully across them . 
 i always loved that , and never knew why . 
 i leaned in and started kissing him again as he gently tugged on my satin gown . 
 we parted momentarily for him to lift the dress over my head . 
 he removed the silver combs from my hair and let them drop to the side of the bed . 
 he searched me over , taking inventory of all the small cuts that burned red across my milky white skin . 
 he started to kiss each one of them gently , as if his kisses would cure them . 
 he made it from my collar bone to my toes and then back up again to my face . 
 `` sit up , '' he whispered gently . 
 i sat up and he moved behind me . 
 he began to loosen the laces my corset . 
 i felt a great relief as i found it easy to breathe again . 
 he gently lifted the corset over my head , being careful to not run it across my shoulder . 
 he moved out from behind me and i faced him , staring at him lovingly . 
 he gazed me over , as if he was drinking me in with his eyes . 
 he grabbed my face and we began to kiss again . 
 we found ourselves lying down again both scrambling to remove each other 's lower garments . 
 within moments we were unified . 
 it was as if we were trying to consume each other , to make this one act count for the rest of eternity , so that the memory would forever remain on our skin . 
 i wanted to be trapped in this moment forever , to remain here , no one in the world but the two of us . 
 we lay together when we were finished , legs and arms intertwined , staring into each other 's eyes . 
 i tried to fight off the sadness as it worked its way through me yet again , reality my constant nagging burden . 
 i did n't want to ruin what we had just shared with thoughts of separation . 
 i knew soon enough that i would have to say the things that were in my heart . 
 if we were to never see each other again there were things that i could not live with not saying . 
 i would apologize for the things that i had been wrong for . 
 i would apologize for every moment that i had mistreated him . 
 i doubted that it would make tomorrow any less torturous , but maybe it would make it easier to sleep , assuming i ever was able to sleep again . 
 he ran his fingers through my hair , `` i love you . 
 you 're so amazing . 
 how did i ever get so lucky ? '' 
 `` it 's funny that you say that , i was wondering the same thing about you earlier . '' 
 he smiled the sweetest smile that reached his eyes ; his perfect , soul-stealing , heart-stopping eyes . 
 i would never be able to get past the memory of those eyes . 
 they would haunt me for the rest of my life . 
 i tried to smile back , but found myself unable to . 
 my heart was breaking . 
 `` andrew , there are some things i really wanted to talk to you about . 
 there are some things that have to be said , '' i said , unable to avoid a serious tone . 
 his smile faded , but he continued staring into my eyes . 
 `` what do you want to talk about ? '' 
 `` when i was in the tunnel , with all of the mirrors , i saw some things from an outside perspective that really disturbed me . 
 i know you say that we 're leaving here together . 
 god knows that i want to believe that more than anything . 
 however , if we do n't there are just certain things i must apologize for . '' 
 he reached a finger up to my lips , trying to silence me . 
 `` you have nothing to apologize for . '' 
 i gently moved his hand away , but made my face stern . 
 `` yes there are . 
 please let me get this out . 
 i wanted you to know how sorry i am for the bad things i have put you through . 
 i know i went out too much . 
 i know that i was very inconsiderate of your feelings in that arena . 
 i am sorry for the times that we broke up and how i hurt you when we did . 
 i never meant to hurt you . 
 i am sorry for not hearing you out when it came to our relationship on so many occasions . 
 i am sorry for all of the petty things that i ever argued with you about , down to the dishes . 
 all of that seems so stupid now . 
 all of it seems so trivial . 
 had i only known that my time was limited , it would have been so much different . 
 i thought you and i would stretch on forever . 
 i thought you and i would grow old together . 
 the more comfortable i got , it seems the less i cherished what we were , the real idea of us and all we stood for . 
 i took it for granted . 
 i pushed things farther than they should have ever been pushed and for that i apologize as well . 
 i always loved you though . 
 i still love you just as much as the first moment i realized i did . 
 even in the ugliest , darkest moments i have loved you . 
 if we are to never see each other again after tonight , i will go on loving you until the end of time . 
 i just needed you to know that . 
 i needed you to know that i recognize that i made mistakes and if i could go back we would have done it right . 
 i would have loved you right . '' 
 he did n't say anything at first . 
 his face was pensive and slightly melancholy as though he struggled with some sad thought in his mind . 
 though i knew that the sadness that was apparent on his face was there because of the words i had spoken , i could n't bring myself to regret it . 
 a great weight had been lifted from me . 
 i felt something that closely resembled peace . 
 `` you know that you were forgiven for anything you had done immediately . 
 i never held any grudges . 
 i know that i mistreated you a lot in the past . 
 i recognize that maybe that fact alone drove you to do some of the things that caused me pain . 
 you know i love you . 
 you know i always will . 
 regardless of what happens tomorrow , nothing changes that . 
 we love each other , which is all that matters . 
 so no more apologies ok ? '' 
 i nodded and pulled him into a hug . 
 chapter 7 : i stared out the window . 
 though i could n't see the sun , i knew it was setting . 
 the sky had taken on shades of orange and reds , the mountains shadowy beneath it . 
 it was breathtaking . 
 i curled up to andrew resting against his shoulder allowing my mind to drift . 
 i thought back to when we were younger . 
 i thought of the afternoons sitting at his dad 's house , listening to him play guitar . 
 i remembered how much admiration i had felt , how lucky i had felt to have this wonderful and creative person in my life . 
 i thought of how we would go on walks down the street to sneak cigarettes . 
 i thought of how we would write each other notes in school . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 we were so innocent then . 
 it was before living together , before the fights , before we even knew who we were growing up to be . 
 it was amazing how far we had come . 
 `` then sun is setting , '' i whispered . 
 andrew looked down at me , `` yes . 
 the sky looks beautiful . '' 
 `` we just keep getting closer to morning . 
 i know that we should n't dwell on that now , but i am scared . 
 she saw my every move andrew . 
 she knew i was coming . 
 what can we do that she wo n't anticipate ? 
 she could be watching us right now . '' 
 `` i do n't know what we 're going to do yet . 
 i 've been thinking , but have n't come up with anything . 
 i am going to keep thinking though . 
 we will find a way . 
 we will be together . '' 
 he squeezed me briefly . 
 i draped my arm across his chest a nestled my head against the curve of his shoulder . 
 i was so tired . 
 this journey had been physically and mentally the most extreme thing i could have ever imagined . 
 `` andrew , if i take a nap , will you wake me ? 
 i am just very tired . 
 i do n't want to go to sleep for long . 
 i just want to be better rested . 
 i want to be fully alert if this is going to be the last ... '' i paused , not wanting to finish the sentence . 
 `` of course i will . 
 you get some rest . 
 i am going to try to form a plan . 
 i will wake you up in a little while . '' 
 he kissed my forehead and within moments i was sleeping . 
 the sun came in cheerfully through the bedroom window . 
 i stretched and looked over to my side . 
 the bed was empty with the exception of me . 
 i was on the brink of panicking when andrew walked through the bedroom with two cups of coffee in his hand . 
 i smiled and sat up . 
 he smiled back at me and handed me the coffee mug . 
 i sipped it slowly , the bold taste playing across my tongue and the aroma filling my nostrils . 
 `` thank you baby , '' i said , staring at him adoringly . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he flashed me a grin . 
 he turned on the tv on the wall adjacent to the foot of the bed and flipped it to cartoons . 
 he came over and settled in next to me . 
 i leaned against his shoulder and sighed . 
 `` so what do you want to do today ? '' 
 i asked ; my mood exuberant . 
 `` well , there is supposed to be a nice sized swell coming in this morning . 
 i was thinking that if you wanted you could come down to the beach and you could lay out while i surf . 
 either that or you could finally grow some balls and try getting back on the board . '' 
 he laughed lightly . 
 i thought of my first attempt at surfing . 
 i had been flung off the board onto the shore , almost losing my bathing suit . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll be surfing , but the beach sounds nice . 
 i wanted to finish insomnia anyway . '' 
 `` ok , but one of these days you need to get back out there . 
 no one gets it on their first try . '' 
 he smiled at me and kissed my forehead . 
 after finishing our coffee , we got changed into our bathing suits . 
 i got my book and towels for the both of us while he went out to situate his surfboard on top of the car . 
 i smiled when i walked out the front door to see him struggling to strap the board in . 
 he looked amazing in his black and white board shorts . 
 i laughed , `` having issues are we ? '' 
 `` nope , i 've got it now , '' he replied , returning my smile . 
 we jumped in his mazda to head to the beach . 
 people dotted the streets , taking advantage of the beautiful day . 
 it was a gorgeous seventy eight outside according to the thermometer on the dash . 
 there were rollerbladers and joggers on the sidewalks . 
 people on beach cruisers biked enthusiastically in bathing suits , tank tops , and shorts . 
 the fronds of the palm trees fluttered gently in the breeze . 
 we parked in the local lot next to the pier . 
 he grabbed his surfboard off of the top of the car and i grabbed our towels and my book from the back seat . 
 we walked on the boardwalk and down into the sand , the powdery whiteness covering my feet . 
 he smiled at me and kissed me quickly . 
 `` i will see you in a little bit , '' he said as he began to run towards the water . 
 i giggled and stared after him , watching the first wave crash into him as he entered the water . 
 i laid out my towel . 
 i lowered myself down and flipped to the page i had left off on . 
 the sun beamed down on my skin . 
 it was so warm , so inviting . 
 my eyelids popped open . 
 light came in through the window , warming my skin . 
 i removed my arm from andrew 's chest and looked up at his face . 
 his eyes were shut and he was snoring lightly . 
 panic seized me . 
 i began to shake him . 
 `` andrew ! 
 wake up ! 
 it 's morning ! '' 
 i could feel the tears gathering in my eyes . 
 how could he have fallen asleep ? 
 it had been our last night together and i had slept through it . 
 he rubbed his eyes groggily and looked around him . 
 all of the sudden it hit him . 
 `` oh shit ! 
 baby i am so sorry ! 
 i did n't mean to fall asleep ! 
 i swear ! '' 
 i just looked at him in disbelief . 
 `` this is no time for apologies . 
 get dressed . 
 we need to form a plan . '' 
 he nodded and threw back on his scrubs . 
 i threw on the silver gown from the night before , not bothering with the corset . 
 my mind was spinning . 
 i was at a complete loss for words . 
 who knew when she would bust in on us , separating us for life ? 
 i put my hands against my temples . 
 i kept trying to calm myself to no avail . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i could n't think . 
 i was waiting for a complete and total collapse . 
 andrew rushed over to me and grabbed my arms . 
 `` torey , look at me . 
 you need to breathe . 
 you need to just calm down and breathe . '' 
 i looked at him , but i could n't find enough air quick enough . 
 i hyperventilated faster and faster . 
 it was over . 
 it was over . 
 dear god , this was it . 
 this was the end of my life . 
 this was the end of my happiness . 
 this was the end of everything . 
 i wanted someone to knock me out , to keep me from thinking . 
 i would n't be able to deal with what was coming . 
 my head would explode or i would have a heart attack . 
 `` torey , you need to stop . 
 we have to work together . 
 we need to think . 
 torey , can you hear me ? 
 torey ! '' 
 the panic was in his voice and written across his face . 
 all of the sudden his hand came down across my cheek . 
 my hyperventilation stopped . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i did n't want to do that , but i did n't want you to pass out . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i just ca n't deal with this . 
 i ca n't lose you . '' 
 i cried softly . 
 he put his arms around me and held me tightly . 
 footsteps echoed outside of the door and we both froze . 
 andrew grabbed both sides of my face . 
 `` when they walk in through that door , you grab onto me and hold me as tightly as you can . 
 i am going to do the same . 
 if you hear me yell ` now ' , make a run for the door . 
 i will have your hand . 
 do n't worry . 
 i am not letting go . '' 
 his face was the definition of serious , utter determination hung in his eyes . 
 all i could do was nod . 
 we wrapped our arms around each other and waited . 
 the doors swung open . 
 the queen walked in with two gangleus . 
 this time she was dressed in a knee length red dress that fluttered in ruffles at the bottom . 
 it was low cut in the front . 
 gold bangles hung on her wrist . 
 her high black heels , accentuated her leg muscles . 
 he bright red painted lips were fixed in a cheshire grin . 
 `` have you said your goodbyes ? '' 
 she taunted cheerfully . 
 neither andrew nor i spoke . 
 she stood looking us over , her grin never wavering . 
 `` oh what , no words this morning ? 
 there are no threats you want to spit at me ? 
 have you finally accepted defeat ? 
 the way you 're clinging to each other makes me not so sure . '' 
 her mocking tone infuriated me , but i stood silent , clutching to andrew for dear life . 
 `` that dress is very becoming of you torey . 
 i meant to tell you that yesterday , but it slipped my mind . 
 you can have it . 
 consider it a parting gift , '' she provoked . 
 silence filled the air . 
 andrew and i just kept on holding each other . 
 she had begun to walk circles around us , eyeing us head to toe . 
 her circle became tighter and tighter , edging nearer and nearer to us , almost daring us to do something . 
 finally she stood in front of us . 
 she was within breathing distance . 
 `` are you ready to go home torey ? '' 
 her eyes bore down into mine . 
 i saw nothing but pure evil . 
 `` what the two of you shared last night is nothing compared to what he and i will share tonight . 
 when i am through with him , he wo n't even remember your name . '' 
 in that moment anger surged through every cell of body . 
 after holding up sanity in the face of opposition for so long , i finally snapped . 
 i let go of andrew and reached out my hands to wrap them around her throat . 
 i squeezed with all of my might . 
 her face was turning scarlet as i lowered her to the floor , my grip never loosening . 
 my fists came down on her over and over again . 
 hatred pulsed through me as i started to pummel her . 
 bones smashed , blood ran over my fingers . 
 i was a woman possessed . 
 tears of absolute disgust and release ran down my face as i started to sob . 
 i was on top of her on the floor , my fists connecting to her temples and her eyes and her lips . 
 i sought to smash anything pretty about her . 
 i wanted her to be as ugly outside as she was inside . 
 the skin swelled and darkened . 
 her breathing sounded wet with blood and i did n't stop . 
 i could n't stop . 
 all control had left me . 
 all of the sudden , i found myself flying backwards . 
 i slammed into the chamber wall . 
 she stood up , her face perfect once again . 
 it was as if i had never touched her . 
 i could n't believe my eyes . 
 i rubbed them and looked again , praying that my eyes had deceived me . 
 there she stood , young , perfect in her evil . 
 she smiled at me maniacally . 
 `` temper , temper , '' she said waving her finger at me as a mother would to a small child who had just landed themselves in some form of trouble . 
 `` now it 's my turn . '' 
 i was being slammed into the wall over and over by an invisible force . 
 i felt a couple of ribs crack as i screamed in agony . 
 i heard andrew yelling in the background , begging her to stop . 
 the breath was knocked out of me . 
 pain took over me and my vision started to blur . 
 i prayed that i would pass out . 
 her bell-like giggles were the background to my torture . 
 my head smacked against the wall and there was a bright flash . 
 chapter 7 : my eyes opened to cream tile and i knew immediately i was somewhere else . 
 i pushed myself up off of the floor to a sitting position and looked around me . 
 i could hear water running to my side . 
 i looked over toward the sound of the water . 
 my familiar burgundy shower curtain was hanging on the rod above the tub . 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 i sat there in shock , refusing to believe that i was in my bathroom . 
 maybe i just had n't regained consciousness yet . 
 surely that must be the case . 
 minutes passed by and nothing changed . 
 i was still on my bathroom floor . 
 the shower still ran . 
 the reality of the situation reined in . 
 i began to cry uncontrollably . 
 i could hear the screams in my head that had not yet formed on my lips . 
 `` he is gone . 
 oh god , he 's gone . 
 it 's over . '' 
 i whispered to myself . 
 i started clutching my hair , tugging on it firmly as madness moved its way in . 
 i yanked down and several strands of hair came out in each hand . 
 i opened my palms and watched the strands fall to the floor . 
 i jumped up and looked at myself in the mirror . 
 all of my injuries had disappeared . 
 the silver dress was gone . 
 i stood completely nude . 
 i just stared at my reflection unable to understand . 
 my left shoulder was without flaw . 
 no little scratches were scattered across my skin . 
 i looked down to my knees and the scrapes had disappeared . 
 the acid burn was gone from my leg . 
 all proof that i had ever left this bathroom was gone . 
 i let out an inhuman scream , my eyes bulging as i saw the water glass that had broken before i had went through the mirror on the counter . 
 there was not even a scratch on it . 
 i started to feel dizzy , my confusion becoming unbearable . 
 i climbed up on the counter and started pressing my hands against the mirror , trying to find a way back in . 
 i could n't allow myself to believe that there would be no more chances . 
 after pressing against the entire surface i started to bang on it . 
 i leaned my head against the glass and started screaming , `` please let me in . 
 please ! 
 i ca n't ... i just ca n't . 
 please ! 
 somebody help me ! 
 i ca n't deal with this ! '' 
 tortured sobs came between my hyperventilating . 
 i slid off of the counter and placed my feet back on the floor . 
 i stared at myself in the mirror , self-hatred growing by the second . 
 i glanced down and picked up the water glass and heaved it at the mirror , shattering the image of myself . 
 i watched the pieces of glass fly to the ground . 
 i screamed again as i realized that andrew 's shirt , boxers , and towel were missing from the floor where they had been when i left . 
 `` what is happening ?! '' 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs . 
 i turned towards the door and walked out of the bathroom , not bothering to turn off the shower . 
 my feet crunched on the glass as i exited , tearing up the soles of my feet with each step . 
 i did not even pause . 
 i crossed over to the closet door and opened it . 
 i stood unable to move at first and then threw up as it became too much for me to mentally grasp . 
 his side of the closet was completely empty . 
 every shirt , every pair of pants , every box was gone . 
 my clothes hung neatly on one side of the closet . 
 the other side of the closet remained completely vacant , as if i was waiting for someone to move in and take the other half . 
 `` no , no , no ... . 
 this is n't possible . 
 this is n't possible ! '' 
 tears and snot ran down my face . 
 i slammed the closet door and made my way towards the bedroom . 
 i walked over to our dresser and opened the drawer where he kept his underwear and socks . 
 it was completely bare except for a concert ticket from a show we had gone to the previous year . 
 my panic rose in my chest growing more the longer that i stared at the blank space . 
 i slammed the drawer back into the dresser . 
 i walked over to the nightstand and andrew 's phone was gone . 
 i began to cry hysterically . 
 what was happening ? 
 where had everything gone ? 
 it was as if the queen had sent me back and sucked everything that was andrew 's in at the same time . 
 i ran to the other side of the bed and picked up my phone . 
 i feverishly dialed mike 's number . 
 maybe she had taken everything , but mike would remember my call . 
 she could n't take that from me . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 mike answered . 
 he sounded somewhat strange . 
 `` mike , thank god ! 
 it 's torey . 
 do you remember the conversation that we had earlier , the one about andrew being missing ? '' 
 i choked out . 
 there was silence . 
 i started to panic . 
 `` mike ! 
 mike , are you there ?! '' 
 `` yeah , i am here . 
 torey ... . 
 are you , um , ok ? '' 
 his voice sounded almost frightened . 
 `` no , i am not ok ! 
 andrew has been kidnapped ! 
 he is gone ! 
 i do n't really know how to explain it to you right now , but he is gone . 
 all of his stuff is gone . 
 i do n't know what to do ! '' 
 i could n't control the loud sobs as they flowed out of me . 
 `` look , torey , calm down ok . 
 i am going to come over . 
 we will work all of this out ok ? '' 
 `` oh thank you ! 
 thank you ! 
 please hurry ! '' 
 i said , feeling a small bit of relief . 
 someone else was going to see what i was talking about . 
 `` just do n't go anywhere . 
 i am leaving right now . 
 i will be there in 45 minutes , '' he said reassuringly . 
 `` ok , i wo n't . 
 see you then . '' 
 i hung up the phone and went to the closet to grab my housecoat . 
 i slid the black satin housecoat on and tied it . 
 i walked through the hallway , and across the living room , paying no attention to the trail of blood my feet were leaving . 
 i walked out the front door and down the walkway . 
 i reached the carport . 
 against every wish and hope i had , his car was gone . 
 i walked over to the shed and opened the door . 
 his surfboard was gone as well . 
 i made my way back inside . 
 i walked into the living room and sat on the couch . 
 i reached over to the side table and grabbed the photo of andrew and me from the prior christmas . 
 at least the photos remained . 
 at least i still had those . 
 i curled myself up into a ball with the picture . 
 he was gone . 
 even though mike was coming , it would not change anything . 
 even if he remembered the conversation , it would not change the fact that andrew was in an unreachable place now . 
 when i told him the story of what had happened he would think i was crazy . 
 maybe i would even be blamed for his disappearance . 
 they would lock me up forever . 
 that was just fine with me . 
 after all , what was left now ? 
 what was left to look forward to ? 
 nothing . 
 years and years of nothing was all there was now . 
 they would execute me probably . 
 they would ask over and over where the body was , never believing my story . 
 i could n't blame them though . 
 i would n't believe me either . 
 i stood up walked to front door , locking it . 
 i turned and walked toward the kitchen , picture still in hand . 
 i picked up a pen out of the cup on the counter next to where we keep our bills and turned to the fridge . 
 i pulled one of the `` to do list '' sheets off of the magnetized pad and walked over to the breakfast table . 
 i sat down and placed the photo in front of me and started to write down the gist of the events that had taken place , looking up from time to time to stare at andrew 's face . 
 i described the plains , the tunnel , the monsters , the queen , the fortress and what had taken place there , waking up in the bathroom , and everything else that had happened since as quickly as possible , so that there would be no confusion . 
 after i had written what happened i decided that i needed to write some sort of apology for what i would do next : i want everyone i love to know how sorry i am . 
 i never intended on doing this , but i have lost everything . 
 i know no one will ever believe me . 
 no one will ever be able to understand what i have been through . 
 i know that i will never be able to forgive myself for not being able to save him . 
 i know that i will never be able to live knowing that i will never be able to see him again , that he still exists , but he is where i will never be able to reach him . 
 i am sorry to anyone and everyone this hurts , but i do n't know what else to do . 
 i love all of you . 
 love always , torey i folded the letter twice neatly and sat it under the framed picture . 
 i got up and walked back to the kitchen , opening the drawer to the right of the stove . 
 i pulled out my butcher 's knife and walked back over to the table . 
 i sat back down and i stared at andrew 's face . 
 `` i know you would n't approve of what i am about to do , so i apologize for that . 
 i apologize for failing you . 
 i apologize for not being able to save you . 
 i love you so much . 
 i hope that maybe someday in the stretch of eternity , that i will see you again . '' 
 i kissed my pointer and middle fingers and placed them on the lips of the image of andrew in the picture . 
 i took the butcher 's knife and ran it across one wrist and then the other , flinching with each cut . 
 i watched as the maroon liquid seeped from my veins and down my arms , dripping onto the carpet . 
 i stared at the image of andrew 's face . 
 i allowed my arms to hang loosely at the sides of the chair . 
 the blood ran warm against my hands , the wounds throbbing . 
 every moment of my life slowly started playing itself in front of my eyes between flashes of my current setting covered in blue and purple dots . 
 i saw my mother and my father , as i remembered them from when i was young . 
 i saw my siblings and different scenes of us playing together and then the arguments that we had when we got older . 
 dizziness moved in , slightly at first and then stronger . 
 the light in the room became dimmer and dimmer . 
 my ears began to ring . 
 i closed my eyes and let my head hang back , waiting for the end . 
 all of the sudden i heard people outside of the front door . 
 there was something said about blood on the sidewalk . 
 i heard a banging upon the door . 
 `` police ! 
 open up ! '' 
 a male voice called . 
 `` police ! '' 
 there was another loud series of rapping . 
 i guessed that mike had assumed the worse and sent them over . 
 there was a loud bang and then another . 
 i could not open my eyes . 
 there was a loud crash and the sound of wood splintering . 
 i heard the footsteps of several people moving into the living room . 
 `` oh dear god ! 
 get an emt in here now ! 
 hurry , she 's slit her wrists ! '' 
 the man called out . 
 a few moments later , i felt fingers on my throat searching for a pulse . 
 there was silence , and i knew that i was dead . 
 chapter 8 : i awoke on a forest floor . 
 it was autumn by the looks of the leaves . 
 i stood up and took a moment to look myself over . 
 i was dressed in a long white cotton gown with an empire waist . 
 i looked at my wrists . 
 there were not cuts , no bleeding . 
 i ran my hands through my hair , pulling out a few leaves as i did . 
 i looked all around me and saw nothing but trees and the grey sky above . 
 a light fog floated above the ground . 
 a single path stretched out in front of me . 
 strangely it stopped right where i had been lying . 
 i was utterly confused . 
 what was this place ? 
 was i in heaven ? 
 was i in hell ? 
 was i in purgatory ? 
 i started to walk forward , following the path . 
 i had no idea where it led to , but standing still in the same spot was not getting me anywhere . 
 it was absolutely silent aside from the crunch of the autumn leaves beneath my feet . 
 no breeze blew . 
 no animals scurried . 
 this place was truly eerie . 
 i thought of my friends and family back home . 
 i wondered who had received the news of my death , if anyone had . 
 i wondered what songs they would play at my funeral , what kind of flowers they would put on the ground next to my headstone . 
 a deep sadness plagued me as i thought of everyone 's faces . 
 guilt consumed me at the thought of the suffering that i had inflicted upon the ones i loved in my attempt for an escape from the pain . 
 the worst part was that i had n't escaped anything really . 
 i was still able to feel here . 
 i was still able to think here . 
 nothing had changed except that i was now completely alone . 
 maybe that was what hell was . 
 my mind strayed to andrew . 
 i wondered how he was faring in the fortress . 
 i wondered what the queen was doing to him now . 
 i wanted to cry , but could not find the tears . 
 maybe i had grown numb or maybe in hell you were not allowed to cry . 
 maybe you were never allowed any sort of emotional release at all . 
 i could not help but laugh internally at the irony of it all . 
 people killed themselves to escape , but if everyone ended up like me , they were to only wake to that same misery with no one to share it with . 
 i looked around me for some sort of change , some sort of sign , some sort of indicator of what was to become of me , but there was nothing but the endless procession of trees and the endless stretch of grey sky . 
 it was so lonely , so subtly morbid . 
 i felt no sort of exhaustion , no hunger , no thirst . 
 the only feeling i had was sadness . 
 just when i thought that i was to walk through this forest for eternity , never experiencing any kind of change , the fog began to rise and thicken . 
 within moments , i was encased by the thick wall of swirling whiteness . 
 i could not even see two feet in front of me . 
 i walked forward carefully , looking down at the path to make sure i did not stray and get lost . 
 i had the unshakable feeling that something was going to happen soon . 
 i had no inkling of whether what was going to happen would be good or bad ; just simply that something was going to happen . 
 i thought to myself that maybe i should be afraid , but there were only the same feelings of sadness . 
 i paused as the sound of a separate set of footsteps mingled with the sound of my own . 
 i looked forward , waiting to see the owner of the foot prints appear through the fog . 
 my mind ran over a gamut of possibilities . 
 had the devil come to taunt me ? 
 was god going to have a conversation with me ? 
 was another tortured soul wandering the forest like me ? 
 i looked to my left and then to my right , but i saw nothing . 
 all of the sudden , i could see the shadow of a tall figure behind the fog . 
 whoever or whatever it was had paused as well . 
 we stood there , unmoving , silent . 
 i was unsure of what to do . 
 should i say something ? 
 should i run away ? 
 even if i ran , where would i go to ? 
 before i could make up my mind , the stranger in the fog started to run toward me . 
 i moved into a defensive stance raising my hands up to my chest . 
 my hands dropped to my sides and my heart raced as the stranger 's face became clear and their arms picked me up , swinging me around in a circle . 
 i locked my arms around andrew 's neck , my mind spinning in disbelief . 
 how was this possible ? 
 what was he doing here ? 
 he put me back on my feet and stared down into my face . 
 he grabbed my face and kissed me forcefully . 
 when the kiss was over , i looked him over again . 
 he was dressed differently than the last time i had seen him . 
 he wore a white t-shirt and white slacks . 
 i wanted to pinch myself to make sure that i was n't dreaming . 
 i must have died and went to heaven . 
 that was the only explanation i could come up with . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 i asked , exasperated . 
 he smiled at me and then replied , `` i do n't know . 
 i just woke up here . 
 i noticed a path and started walking . '' 
 he just stared at me , reflecting the disbelief that i felt inside . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 i struggled with the decision as to whether or not i should be honest . 
 i had no idea how he would react . 
 the last thing i ever wanted to do was to make him angry . 
 however , had n't i promised myself that if the impossibility ever arose that i would get another chance to make it right i would ? 
 i took a deep breath and decided that honesty was best . 
 `` well , after my head had smacked into the wall in that chamber , there was a bright flash . 
 i opened my eyes and i was back in our bathroom . 
 i thought maybe i was just dreaming , but when nothing changed , i realized it was real , that i was home . 
 all of my injuries had disappeared . 
 the dress i was wearing had disappeared . 
 what was the most disturbing was that literally every single one of your possessions was gone . '' 
 `` that 's really strange . 
 i wonder where they all went , '' he mused , `` anyway , sorry , continue on . '' 
 `` well , i kind of freaked out . 
 i never thought i would see you again . 
 i called mike to tell him that you had been kidnapped and that all of your things were gone , not knowing yet how to explain to the whole parallel dimension thing . 
 he said he would come over and try to help me sort things out and at first i was relieved . 
 then , i started thinking of how no one would believe me and that i would probably be blamed for your disappearance . 
 the guilt of being unable to save you and the pain of the thought of spending the rest of eternity with the fact that you were somewhere i would never be able to get to became unbearable . 
 so i ... um ... i '' `` you what ? '' 
 he asked , his face patient and serene `` i slit my wrists and then i woke up here , '' i replied , speeding over my words as if that would make what i had said easier to hear . 
 andrew 's brow darkened . 
 his face was caught somewhere between sadness , anger , and disgust . 
 `` you did what ?! 
 why would you do that ? 
 do you know how stupid that is ?! 
 nothing is worth ending your life over ! '' 
 he grabbed my wrists and turned my arms palm side up . 
 he glanced over them and his confusion became apparent . 
 `` i do n't see any marks . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's strange . 
 i woke up here and the cuts were gone . 
 i was n't bleeding anymore . 
 i also have no idea where this dress came from . 
 i was wearing my housecoat when i did it , '' i replied , favoring the word ` it ' over saying that i had slit my wrists again . 
 `` do you think we 're dead ? '' 
 he asked the anger relaxing from his face . 
 `` that 's the only thing i can come up with . 
 i mean , how else would you explain the cuts being gone ? 
 maybe that psycho bitch ameda killed you in your sleep because she realized that you would always love me and that she was wasting her time . 
 who knows ? 
 either way , i do n't care ! 
 we are together now . 
 that is all that matters . 
 maybe this is our heaven , '' i said with a smile . 
 i wrapped my arms around andrew , resting my head on the center of his chest . 
 i looked up to stare lovingly in his eyes and gasped . 
 i was no longer holding onto andrew . 
 my arms encompassed the bark of a maple tree . 
 confusion and panic moved in as the smile faded from my face . 
 i backed away , disorientated . 
 i was no longer on the path . 
 `` andrew ? '' 
 i called out . 
 there was nothing , just the silence of the woods and the fog . 
 `` andrew ?! '' 
 i shouted , more desperate and panicky than before . 
 `` andrew where are you ? '' 
 `` torey ? '' 
 andrew 's voice echoed from somewhere very distant . 
 i started to run in the general direction of his voice . 
 i smacked my shoulder into a tree , dislocating it . 
 my stomach twisted and i screamed . 
 `` andrew ?! 
 baby , where are you ? '' 
 tears ran down my face . 
 it became apparent that i could feel something other than sadness , for i was now scared as hell . 
 `` torey ? 
 i ca n't find you . 
 where are you ? '' 
 his voice still sounded so distant . 
 `` just keep yelling . 
 i am going to find you . '' 
 i cried . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 he called , sounding father than before . 
 i started to run again my left arm , flapping limply , pain shooting down the length of it from my shoulder to my fingertips . 
 i did not care anymore . 
 i would break every appendage i had . 
 there was no way that i was losing him again . 
 `` andrew ? '' 
 i called . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 he called , sounding closer than before . 
 `` andrew , stay where you are ! 
 i am coming to you ! 
 just stay where you are and keep calling my name ! '' 
 i started to run faster . 
 he called my name over and over . 
 i would get close and then all of the sudden he would be far again . 
 my breath came out in ragged gasps . 
 my throat burned from the coolness of the fog i was breathing in . 
 it felt as though i would never find him . 
 i felt like i was in a continually shifting labyrinth that consciously aimed at keeping me from reaching what i wanted . 
 i called out to him again , and this time when he called back it sounded like he was only a matter of a few feet away . 
 i felt a surge of hope and turned towards his voice , running full force . 
 there was a flash of pain and a bright light . 
 i was lost once again to darkness . 
 chapter 9 : my eyes opened to bright florescent light . 
 the sound of respiration machines , an ekg , and god knows what else surrounded me . 
 i felt groggy and heavy . 
 the pain had returned to both of my wrists . 
 i tried to move my arms up to examine them , but something held them down . 
 i looked around me and saw the institutional walls of a hospital . 
 ivs and machines that were monitoring my vitals were next to my bed . 
 there was a respiration machine , which i assumed was to help me breathe , though i was now breathing quite fine on my own . 
 my arms had been tied to the bed . 
 i guessed that it was done as a precaution , just in case i woke up and decided to harm myself again . 
 after a few minutes of observation the panic and grief set in . 
 i had been so close . 
 i was just a few feet from him and now i was here is this damned hospital bed . 
 andrew had been stolen from me yet again . 
 i began to cry . 
 how long would this go on ? 
 all of this reality and unreality kept interchanging . 
 i myself did not even know what was real and what was n't anymore . 
 all i knew was that i wanted nothing more than for someone to come into the room and put me back under so i could back to wherever i had been at . 
 i could find him there . 
 he existed there , even if it had only been my imagination . 
 i decided just to lie where i was and accept defeat . 
 i was such a failure . 
 i could not save him from the fortress . 
 i could not reach him in the forest . 
 i obviously was not able to effectively kill myself to escape the misery . 
 i would be forced to live in this perpetual nightmare for the rest of my life as doctors and orderlies analyzed me , poked , and prodded me . 
 a nurse walked in with a clipboard humming to herself . 
 she was very young , with pretty red hair . 
 she looked at me and her freckled face twisted , her green eyes slightly alarmed . 
 she had realized that i was awake . 
 i wondered how long i had been out . 
 `` could you remove this from my face please ? '' 
 i asked in my kindest voice through the face mask . 
 `` i do n't think it is necessary . '' 
 she stood there just staring at me for a beat and then nodded . 
 she walked over and timidly removed the mask from my face . 
 she just stared down at my shocked . 
 i looked at her nametag . 
 her name was violet . 
 what a lovely name , i thought to myself . 
 `` violet , may i talk to a doctor please ? 
 i have a lot of questions . '' 
 i said , trying to cover up the sadness in my voice from crying before she had entered . 
 i had obviously caught her off guard and did not want to stress her or frighten her any more than i had . 
 she nodded and walked out of the room in somewhat of a hurry . 
 the door shut behind her and i was left once again to my thoughts . 
 what would happen to me now ? 
 i wondered what they would have to say about andrew and his disappearance . 
 had they decided that my psychotic suicidal rampage had resulted from an elaborate murder ? 
 whatever they thought , they would not believe the truth when i told it to them . 
 that was the one thing i knew for sure . 
 while it did n't really matter what they thought , i was still anticipated their theory with much curiosity . 
 the door opened and a man in a white jacket stepped in . 
 he was short and stout . 
 he had a red face framed by dark hair and there were streaks of grey through his very full beard . 
 his white medical shoes squeaked as he walked across the sterile looking tile . 
 his tiny brown eyes looked me over like i was some sort of strange specimen . 
 `` hello torey . 
 my name is dr. taylor , '' he said in a very professional sounding voice . 
 he pulled a worn leather chair over to the bed from the side of the room over to my bedside . 
 `` i was told that you had some questions that you wanted answered . 
 so , i will let you start with those , and then i will give you any additional information that i think you will need . '' 
 where was i to begin ? 
 i had enough questions to fill an entire evening . 
 `` well , i guess a good place to start is where am i ? '' 
 he nodded and then replied , `` you are at the holy cross hospital downtown . 
 are you familiar with it ? '' 
 i nodded and moved onto my next question , `` how long was i out for ? '' 
 `` well , when they had brought you in you had lost a very large amount of blood . 
 you were in a sort of coma-like state . 
 you have been out for about a month now , '' he answered , his eyes looking cautious as though he thought that i might not take well to it . 
 little did he know after all i had been through , that very little could possibly shock me at this point . 
 `` have they conducted an investigation ? 
 do they have any theories ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he looked at me in a way which suggested that he was not sure how he wanted to answer me . 
 `` what investigation are you speaking of ? '' 
 he asked , carefully sidestepping telling me what i was sure he already knew . 
 `` i am talking about the investigation of my boyfriend andrew 's disappearance and the disappearance of all of his possessions , '' i replied . 
 i honestly wondered if the doctor thought i was too fragile to discuss such matters . 
 coma or no coma , i was not going to forget the love of my life was gone . 
 `` torey , there are some things we need to discuss . 
 some of these things might be hard to hear . 
 some of these things you are not going to want to believe . 
 however , believe me when i say that they are all true and that as a professional i would not lie to you or try to harm you ok ? '' 
 he talked to me as someone would talk to a five year old if they were going to tell them that both of their parents had died and now they were alone in the world . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i asked ; my words acerbic . 
 `` torey , andrew is n't missing . 
 as a matter of fact , andrew is perfectly fine , '' he paused gauging my reaction to see if he wanted to continue . 
 i was relieved ! 
 andrew had escaped somehow . 
 now andrew could back up my story . 
 everyone would know that i was not crazy . 
 there is no way that we could both have the same exact story and be wrong . 
 even if they did n't believe us , at least we would believe each other . 
 i was so happy that i wanted to cry . 
 thank god that i had n't died ! 
 `` that 's wonderful ! 
 does he know i am here ? 
 when do i get to see him ? '' 
 the doctor 's face sunk and i felt a small twinge of fear . 
 `` torey , andrew is married . 
 he got married the day before you were brought here . 
 i have talked to some of your friends and family members . 
 the two of you have been separated for over a year now , '' he looked at me , his eyes full of deep concern . 
 i shook my head , unable to believe it . 
 it was n't possible . 
 i had no recollection of us ever separating , of anything that he was talking about . 
 `` we believe that you were getting out of the shower and that you slipped and knocked yourself unconscious . 
 you must have been out for quite some time . 
 we think that while you were out , your brain came up with a way to cope with the news of andrew 's marriage . 
 you woke up and you were unable to understand that the things that you had dreamt of while you were unconscious were not reality . 
 the dream had become so real to you that it made you suppress what had really happened . 
 since you believed that what you had dreamt of was real , when you woke up , you understandably panicked when you found all of andrew 's possessions and your injuries gone . 
 you attempted to kill yourself . 
 you almost succeeded . 
 if the police would have arrived even a few minutes later than they did , it probably would have been too late . '' 
 i allowed it all to sink in . 
 apparently i was completely nuts . 
 i struggled to remember andrew and me separating , to remember him ever moving out . 
 i struggled to even remember what i had done the day before all of this had happened . 
 i could not even recall what had happened a month prior . 
 it was as if someone had walked in with a gigantic eraser and had taken away all of the memories of anything that had existed after the `` alleged '' separation . 
 as frustrating as it was , i pondered if maybe this was a blessing in disguise . 
 would i really want to remember what had happened , what the horrible months following the separation were like ? 
 `` you are right . 
 i do not remember any of it . 
 so , what happens to me now ? '' 
 i asked , my voice sounding flat . 
 my mind and heart were a butchered mess of emotions . 
 i was still suck in the wake of everything that i had thought that i had been through . 
 all of that was hard enough without new pain and information to process . 
 what was i going to do now ? 
 i felt drained , exhausted , and completely out of hope or desire to continue on . 
 `` well , we are going to keep you here until you recuperate and then we are going to move you to the psychiatric wing for some evaluation . 
 after the evaluation you may be released depending upon how the psychiatrist feels about your mental status . '' 
 the words `` psychiatric '' , `` evaluation '' , and `` mental status '' played over and over again in the mind . 
 i laughed internally . 
 andrew had been right that night on the porch so long ago . 
 we had broken up ten years later , and apparently i was n't able to handle it . 
 for some unknown reason i found that fact incredibly amusing . 
 `` do i get to see my family ? '' 
 i asked hopefully . 
 he smiled at me and said , `` yes , of course . 
 as a matter of fact , your mother is here . 
 the second we finish up our discussion here , i will send her in . '' 
 why was my mother at the hospital ? 
 i had been out a month . 
 it made no sense . 
 `` why is my mother here ? '' 
 `` she visits every couple of days . 
 we encourage family and friends of comatose patients to talk to them . 
 it supposedly helps some find their way out of their comas , '' he said in an upbeat tone . 
 `` do you have any other questions ? '' 
 i could n't think of anything else . 
 after all , what more was there to know ? 
 i am nuts , andrew left me and married someone else , and i was probably going to be in the hospital for a long time . 
 `` no , i do n't have any more questions at the moment . '' 
 `` ok , well , i am going to go get your mother . 
 she is excited to see you , '' he said , smiling . 
 he left and i was alone again . 
 i continued to try to remember what had happened in the months before the mirror , before the imaginary world i had traveled through , before i had slit my wrists . 
 there was nothing . 
 maybe my mother could help me to remember , or at least fill me in on the details . 
 my mother walked in with a smile on her face and a tear in her eye . 
 her curly dirty blonde hair bounced with her every step . 
 the green in her eyes was glowing today . 
 she wore a bright floral top and a dark pair of jeans . 
 she looked thinner than she had the last time i had seen her . 
 in that moment i felt guiltier than i can remember feeling in a long time . 
 i did not want to imagine what it had been like to receive the news that your daughter had gone a little cookoo and slit her wrists . 
 i shut out the thought and formed a weak smile at my lips . 
 she sat down in the chair where the doctor had sat before and grabbed my hands . 
 the familiar feeling of her warm soft hands made me want to cry . 
 `` hi mom , '' i choked out , trying to keep my composure . 
 she stared at me for a minute and then wrapped her arms around me , crying in my hair as she spoke . 
 `` oh torey , how could you do something like that ? 
 why would you do that to me ? 
 everyone loves you . 
 do you know how many people love you ? 
 do you know how many people this hurt ? '' 
 she looked at me , the pain pouring from her eyes , `` honey , one man is not worth killing yourself over . 
 no one and nothing is worth that ! '' 
 if only she could have seen what i had seen , experienced what had seemed so real to me . 
 maybe it was not a good enough excuse . 
 she was undoubtedly right about me hurting people . 
 i knew that there would people who would be very upset when they received the news of my death . 
 i felt like the world 's biggest asshole . 
 `` i am so sorry . 
 if you could have just seen it or felt what i had felt mom , it was horrifying . 
 it was so real . 
 i just did n't know what to do . 
 i 'm sorry ... . 
 i 'm just , '' my faced crumpled and the guilt overtook me . 
 i was sobbing heavily now . 
 my mother encompassed me in her arms again . 
 i felt comfort there . 
 she whispered to me , `` do n't cry torey . 
 what is important is that you are ok now and we are going to get you the help you need . '' 
 i nodded under her grasp . 
 she looked at my face and removed the tears from my eyes , and then her own . 
 she sat back in the worn leather chair . 
 `` mom , what happened with andrew and me ? 
 i ca n't remember anything at all before my , '' i paused trying to find the words , `` my little accident . 
 i mean why did we break up ? 
 when did he move out ? 
 what have i been doing since then ? '' 
 my mother just stared at me . 
 i could tell she did n't want to discuss these things . 
 i understood completely . 
 i mean , who would want to be the one to possible shove an already fragile person back over the edge . 
 these were things i had to know though . 
 `` please , '' i said in my sweetest voice . 
 she sat still for a moment and then sighed before she began to tell me the story . 
 `` well , from what you had told me , you and andrew had been fighting a lot . 
 it had been several months since the two of you had really gotten along . 
 you both toyed around with the idea of counseling , but never ended up going . 
 he had told you that he did n't feel that things were working out , and though he loved you , he was moving out . 
 you took it badly , which was completely understandable . 
 i think anyone would have . 
 he moved out in late october of last year . 
 then , a few weeks later he had started dating ameda . 
 you felt that he had left you for her . 
 there is no way to be sure if that was true or not , but you believed it to be true . 
 you started drinking a lot . 
 you stopped going out with your friends . 
 you even quit calling me after a while . 
 you completely withdrew . 
 when the news of his wedding reached you , you called me . 
 you were highly upset . 
 i had told you that i was going to come down the next day to stay with you for a few days . 
 you sounded like you did n't need to be by yourself . 
 when i got here ... well , '' she stopped and her eyes looked distant . 
 i could see the pain that i had put there . 
 i wanted to disappear . 
 i did not want to imagine it , my mother arriving at my house only to be greeted by police tape . 
 how would i have felt if i were in such a situation ? 
 i had been selfish . 
 no matter what , the people i loved had not deserved to be put through such a mess . 
 it was time to take responsibility and move forward . 
 `` well things are going to be better now , '' i said in my best attempt of an optimistic voice . 
 `` i am going to get help here and i 'll be out before you know it . '' 
 i smiled at her , wanting nothing more but to erase the pain from her face . 
 she returned my smile , but i could see the uncertainty that she had about my words . 
 chapter 10 : after about a month i had completely regained my physical strength and was moved to the psychiatric ward . 
 the psychiatric ward was everything i had imagined it to be . 
 every day i talked to the same psychiatrist . 
 she was a woman in her late forties , with curly brown hair and a very plain looking face . 
 we would talk about the nightmares that had led me to slit my wrists and the nightmares that i was still having and of course about my relationship with andrew . 
 over the months i started to remember what happened . 
 i could see the breakup now and the months that had led up to my mental collapse . 
 my mother had been polite when she had used the term `` drinking a lot '' . 
 gorging would have been more appropriate . 
 i had shut everyone out , telling them that they did n't understand that they did n't care . 
 i had become a monster . 
 i had let my pain consume me to the point of affecting all of my other relationships with people . 
 the more i figured out about what had passed , the more my psychiatrist was pleased . 
 she told me that i was `` coming along nicely and that i would be released `` soon '' . 
 i would just nod and try to look enthusiastic . 
 how would i ever piece back together this broken life ? 
 it turned out that `` soon '' finally had turned into `` today '' . 
 my family had been kind enough to keep up my household while i was being hospitalized . 
 my house , my possessions , and my life waited for me when i got home . 
 i wondered what kind of life i would really be suitable for . 
 while i had come to grips with the fact that my whole adventure had been in my head and i was diligently working towards getting over andrew and the years that we had been together , i was still shaken . 
 i had nightmares every night almost . 
 i would wake up screaming and depressed . 
 the scene was always the same . 
 i would be chasing after andrew in the darkness , his frightened face being pulled further and further away until he was gone . 
 there would always be the same maniacal feminine laugher . 
 it never ceased to terrify me , to bring forth the helpless sadness that i had felt the first time i had the dream . 
 i was under a near constant cloud of sadness , even though the doctor had placed me on zoloft . 
 i kept up appearances when the doctor was around though . 
 no amount of staying in the hospital was going to erase that my life had changed and the things that were the most important to me had been stripped from it . 
 i stared out the window of my room blankly into the sky , remembering the day that andrew had left . 
 it was so clear to me now , as if i was standing right there looking in on it . 
 i had sat on the bed helplessly as he had started to pack his things . 
 `` please do n't do this , '' i had sobbed , feeling desperate and helpless . 
 he had just sighed and continued to pack his things . 
 i tried again , `` i can change . 
 i can say whatever you want , do whatever you want . 
 i love you please do n't do this to us . 
 do n't you care about me ? '' 
 he stopped and looked at me with an expression that said he wanted to comfort me , but that it might cause him to lose his resolve . 
 `` you know i care about you . 
 i will always care about you . 
 do n't be ridiculous . 
 this is n't healthy torey . 
 normal people do n't have a relationship like we do . 
 normal people do n't fight like we do . 
 you need to stop thinking like we are all there ever was or ever will be . '' 
 i had been shattered . 
 i could see in his eyes that there would be no changing his mind . 
 he moved to his side of the closet and started grabbing down hangers . 
 i walked in after him and stood in front of him , staring up with my pleading eyes . 
 `` how long have you not been in love with me ? 
 how long have you been feeling this way ? 
 when was it that you decided you were leaving and did n't even feel the need to discuss it with me ? '' 
 his face was sympathetic and then angry and cruel . 
 `` you never discussed it with me when you decided to leave . 
 you did n't care when i was crying . '' 
 it was as if a knife had ripped through my heart . 
 `` i did so care . 
 i talked to you every time you called , even when you had threatened to kill yourself . 
 i hugged you , i was there for you , so do n't give me that shit ! 
 you never forgave me for anything did you ? 
 why ca n't you see ? 
 why ca n't you see that i am the best thing that ever happened to you ? '' 
 i sobbed as i moved myself back into the corner of the closet , twisting his clothes in my hands , falling to pieces . 
 his face had become calm and serene and tears had formed in his eyes , but they were n't falling . 
 `` i do n't have to be with you to know that you are the best thing that ever happened to me . '' 
 i remembered how those words had pounded the nail into the coffin for me . 
 how could i argue with that ? 
 what else could i say ? 
 i had turned to walk away , trying to escape down the hallway so i could go somewhere private to lose my mind . 
 `` torey wait , '' he had called . 
 i had turned around to face him as he stared at me , his face caught up in a twist of different emotions . 
 i had walked back over to him , even though i knew that i was just walking towards further destruction . 
 `` what do you want ? 
 what do you want from me , `` i whimpered pathetically . 
 `` you have to know it would have never worked , '' he replied staring down in my eyes . 
 i saw the destruction of a decade there , of all of the years we had spent . 
 the tone of his voice gave up the fact that he was still trying to convince himself as much as he was trying to convince me . 
 `` i am sorry , but i do n't agree . 
 this is my life andrew . 
 you are my life , '' i had walked away and that time he had n't tried to stop me . 
 i had walked down to the beach and cried my eyes out that day . 
 by the time i had got home he was gone and i never heard from him again . 
 my mother walked into the hospital room , her face all aglow , wrecking my reverie . 
 i turned away from the window and forced a smile . 
 it was spring now . 
 she was dressed in a girlish sundress and flip flops . 
 if there was one thing i looked forward to , it was to get to the beach and soak up the sun with sound of the waves as the background music to my relaxation . 
 she handed me some of my clothes from home . 
 i put on my favorite pair of blue jeans and a black tank top . 
 i walked into the bathroom to look myself over . 
 i looked a little tired there were small dark circles under my eyes , but other than that , i looked well . 
 i ran my hands through my hair a few times and then walked back out into the bedroom . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 my mother beamed with a brilliant smile . 
 i grinned back at her and replied with an enthusiastic `` yes ! '' 
 i found it was better to keep up a good show for her . 
 i did not want her to worry . 
 while i was not happy , i did n't feel any sudden urges to hunt down sharp objects to hurt myself with . 
 besides , i would get past all of this someday and the smiles would not be fake anymore . 
 we walked out of the small room that had held me over the past few months , which consisted only of a twin bed , a nightstand topped with flowers my father had sent , and a bathroom . 
 we walked out into the hospital hallway , sterile white surrounding us on all sides . 
 it was overwhelming to my eyes when i had first arrived , but i had grown accustomed to it . 
 when we arrived at the customer service desk , the nurse smiled at me , her chocolate skin crinkling around her ebony eyes that sparkled with best wishes and kindness . 
 `` checking out ? '' 
 she asked in her soft southern voice . 
 my mother and i looked at each other and smiled and said `` yes '' simultaneously . 
 she handed me a bag that had my black satin house coat in it . 
 that had been the only possession that i had on me when i was admitted . 
 she wished me luck and i thanked her as my mother and i began to walk away . 
 i walked out of the hospital into the urban jungle of downtown . 
 the sounds of the cars passing were a bit overwhelming at first , but i quickly became accustomed . 
 the buildings of cement and brick towered around me , looking like industrial giants , waiting to crush the people below like ants . 
 the sun was shining brightly and it was so warm . 
 the sky was a perfect robin 's egg blue . 
 the humidity was low and i thought to myself that i could n't have asked for a nicer day to be released . 
 we jumped into my mother 's black grand prix . 
 the seats were warm and i snuggled up against the seat . 
 upon starting the car , the songs from my favorite cd spilled out of the stereo speakers . 
 a huge grin came to my face and i looked over at my mother to flash her a smile of true appreciation . 
 the drive home was serene . 
 i watched all of the familiar buildings and roads pass me by . 
 people bustled in and out of grocery stores , they waited in lines in their cars in drive throughs , they commuted home from work , talking on cell phones and making plans for dinner or an evening out . 
 life had continued while i was away and i was glad to see that nothing had changed . 
 when we got down to the beach my heart sang . 
 the palm trees seemed to wave hi to me as we drove past them . 
 for the first time it really dawned on me that i was going home . 
 i rolled down my window to breathe in the salty air . 
 i sighed in relief and relaxed back against my seat . 
 we pulled up into my driveway and parked . 
 i stared at the house with its grey stucco and charcoal roof , my red honda still sat in the same place in the car port , nothing had changed . 
 there was something comforting in that . 
 i felt something cold and metallic slip into my hand . 
 i looked over to my mother and then down at my hand . 
 i smiled as i saw that my house keys and my car keys were now in my possession . 
 we got out of the car and walked up to the house . 
 i opened the door and nostalgia washed over me . 
 my furniture was in the same place that i had left it . 
 i traced the old familiar paisley designs on my couch with my eyes . 
 i looked at the side tables and notice that the pictures of andrew and i that i had previously had scattered around the house , seemed to have been moved . 
 i guessed that my family had decided to be extra cautious , not wanting me to have to come home just to have my wounds reopened . 
 i was grateful . 
 the carpet had been replaced . 
 this somewhat baffled me . 
 `` mom , why is the carpet different ? '' 
 she frowned and hesitated as i stared at her patiently awaiting her answer . 
 `` well honey , there was so much blood . 
 we did n't want you to have to come home and see that . '' 
 `` oh , '' i replied , my face darkening . 
 i did n't deserve such wonderful treatment . 
 after all , i had tried to leave all of them . 
 i had hurt them . 
 i was selfish enough to try to stop my pain at the cost of devastating them , and yet they loved me , and yet they helped me . 
 i was truly touched . 
 i walked around the house , taking inventory in my mind . 
 everything was pretty much the same with a few minor differences . 
 all of my laundry had been cleaned . 
 when i looked in the closet , my possessions now took up both sides . 
 it was much easier to look at . 
 it no longer served as a reminder that something was missing . 
 my bed had been made for me and much to my relief ; the mirror in the bathroom had been replaced . 
 after we had taken the entire tour i looked at my mother and smiled . 
 `` thank you so much for all of your help . 
 i really appreciate it . 
 look , i think i am going to grab a nice hot shower . 
 why do n't you run to the barbeque place down the street and pick us up some lunch . 
 maybe we can go walk down the boardwalk afterward . 
 i am dying to see the beach . 
 you can take the house keys with you so you can get back in if i am still in the shower when you get back . '' 
 i handed her they house keys . 
 she looked at me skeptically , uncertain whether she should leave me alone or not no doubt . 
 finally her expression lightened . 
 `` ok sweetie . 
 i will be back soon . '' 
 we hugged and then she left . 
 i grabbed a towel from the linen closet and headed to the bathroom . 
 thoughts of what had taken place the last time i had stood in the room flashed through my mind . 
 i could hear my screams and the sound of shattering glass . 
 i looked at myself in the mirror and then shook off the sensation . 
 now was not the time to start being morbid . 
 i undressed and turned on the water . 
 when it ran hot , i switched it to the shower setting and stepped into the tub . 
 the water ran over my skin and i could feel all of what i had been through being rinsed from me . 
 i thought of my future and starting over . 
 i thought of happy things like a family , a new love , getting further on in my career . 
 then i thought of the beach and the sun . 
 i could n't wait to see it . 
 i knew i would feel one hundred percent better . 
 as i started to shampoo my hair , i heard the bathroom door open . 
 `` that was quick , '' i said , giggling slightly . 
 `` i will be out in a few minutes ok ? '' 
 i listened , but there was no reply . 
 i rinsed the soap out of my hair and then peaked out of the shower curtain . 
 the bathroom was empty . 
 the door stood open . 
 a chill ran down my spine . 
 i shut off the water and grabbed my towel . 
 i dried off quickly and wrapped the towel around me as i exited the bathroom . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i called out . 
 no reply came . 
 i walked through each individual room , but the house was empty . 
 the front door was still locked . 
 i told myself to remain calm . 
 perhaps the air conditioning had caused a draft and i had n't closed the door completely , causing it to blow open . 
 i walked over to the dresser and pulled out my black and baby blue bikini . 
 i put it on and then walked to the closet to retrieve my baby blue sun dress . 
 no sooner than when i had i pulled it over my head there was a loud crash that came from the bathroom . 
 my pulse raced . 
 it became very clear that i was no longer alone in the house . 
 i ran over to my nightstand , pulled out the top drawer , and grabbed the sewing scissors that i kept in it out . 
 i gripped them in my hand , completely prepared to use them as a weapon if necessary . 
 i walked to the bathroom and lightly pushed open the door . 
 there was shattered glass and blood covering every inch of the bathroom floor . 
 i could not move . 
 what had happened ? 
 where did all the blood come from ? 
 suddenly , pain started to spread across the soles of my feet . 
 i stumbled over to the bed and sat down to look them over . 
 they were torn up , as if i had walked over a bed of broken glass . 
 a trail of blood was smeared across the new carpet from the bathroom to the bed . 
 it made no sense ! 
 i had n't stepped on any glass . 
 a stinging sensation moved across my wrists and forearms . 
 a sick ripping noise reached my ears and i began to scream as the scars from where i had slit my wrists began to peel open . 
 blood started to pour from the wounds , staining everything around me . 
 i doubled over and got sick , the sight of blood and the panic seizing my senses . 
 `` what is happening ?! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i started to sob hysterically as i ran to the living room to get my cell phone . 
 i needed to call my mother and tell her what was happening . 
 upon entering the room i shook my head in disbelief . 
 all of the photos that had been put away before i arrived at home had been put back in their original spots . 
 i ran over to the breakfast table and grabbed my phone and dialed my mother 's cell number . 
 blood poured over the entire surface of the phone and made splashy patterns on the carpet below me . 
 the call failed and when i looked at the blood-stained screen of my phone , it showed there being no service in the area . 
 i ran back to the linen closet and grabbed two towels , screaming again as i tied them tightly around my wrists . 
 i ran back to the kitchen and grabbed a pen and a piece of note paper off of the magnetized pad on the fridge and walked briskly back over to the breakfast table and wrote to the best of my ability , `` i did not do this . '' 
 the room was becoming dimmer and my head spun . 
 it felt as though the walls were caving in on me . 
 i rested my forehead on the cool surface of the breakfast table , praying that my mother would walk in soon and save me . 
 my heartbeat was slowing and my ears had begun to ring . 
 the blackness took over everything and claimed me as its own once again . 
 chapter 11 : i opened my eyes and it was still light outside . 
 i was no longer at the breakfast table , but curled up on my bed . 
 i sat up in a panic and looked at my wrists . 
 the cuts were gone and so were the scars . 
 i stared at them harder , waiting for them to suddenly reappear . 
 after my eyes started to feel dry and irritated , i finally blinked . 
 the noise of running water reached my ears . 
 the shower was running . 
 confusion swept over me as i looked myself over and i was in my black negligee . 
 i tried to make it all make sense . 
 had i fallen asleep ? 
 was my mother home and she just did n't want to disturb me ? 
 how did i get in the black negligee ? 
 i looked over at the clock on the nightstand and it stood at nine thirty a.m. . 
 it was earlier than when we had got home from the hospital . 
 how was that possible ? 
 all of the sudden , the shower cut off and there was no more sound of running water . 
 i brought my knees up to my chest . 
 this was too much . 
 what was real ? 
 was this real ? 
 tears of frustration poured down my cheeks and all i could do was stare at the bathroom door and wait for what was going to come out . 
 would it be my mom ? 
 would it be a monster ? 
 the door opened and i held my breath . 
 andrew strolled out casually , a beige towel wrapped around his waist . 
 his wet hair swayed sloppily around his face as he walked over to the closet and grabbed a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt . 
 he walked into the bedroom and stopped short at the sight of me . 
 `` torey , baby , what 's wrong ? '' 
 he said ; his face filling with concern . 
 sobs ripped from my throat as my heart shattered to pieces . 
 all healing that had taken place while i had been in the psychiatric wing disappeared . 
 i did not even contemplate answering . 
 maybe if i quit playing along with these hallucinations they would just stop . 
 it was so real though . 
 i wanted it to be real . 
 i wanted this to be the real reality . 
 andrew started walking towards me and sat next to me on the bed . 
 he took me into his arms . 
 his skin was warm from the shower . 
 i had missed the comfort of those arms for so long . 
 `` baby , what 's wrong ? 
 why are you crying ? '' 
 i was paralyzed at first ; afraid to feel what i was feeling . 
 `` i miss you , '' i whispered to the hallucination . 
 i took in the smell of his shampoo through my nostrils . 
 my insides twisted in agony in response . 
 i gave in , letting the illusion consume me . 
 i ran my hands across his slightly moist skin . 
 i leaned my head on his shoulder , littering it with tears . 
 he placed his hands on my face and looked at me with a quixotic smile , `` what 's there to miss ? 
 i am right here ? 
 you look so shaken up . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i forced myself to smile back and i nodded . 
 `` i am sorry ; i just had a really bad nightmare . 
 it just really seemed real . 
 i have n't quite recovered yet i guess . '' 
 i prayed for those words to be true . 
 how glorious it would be if it all had been a nightmare . 
 he raised one eyebrow at me skeptically and then replied , `` well , get dressed . 
 let 's go to breakfast and you can tell me all about it if you want ok ? '' 
 he stood up , walked over to the dresser to get a pair of boxers and socks , and then started to get dressed . 
 i decided that i would roll with whatever this was and do the same . 
 i walked over to the closet and stopped to look over at andrew 's outfit . 
 who knew what month it was or what the weather was like in this reality ? 
 i chose out a pair of jeans and a jewel blue short sleeved silk shirt . 
 i walked into the bathroom , leaving the door open in fear that i would open it back up and everything would be different if i closed it . 
 i brushed my teeth and quickly pulled my hair back into a ponytail . 
 i walked out of the bathroom and felt relieved to see andrew still standing there . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 he asked , smiling brightly . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 we put on our shoes and left the house . 
 his silver mazda once again sat next to my red honda . 
 i sat down in the passenger side seat and closed the door . 
 andrew shut his door and started the car . 
 i prayed that this reality would last . 
 i was n't sure how much more my already frazzled brain could take . 
 as we pulled out of the driveway , andrew looked over at me and asked where i wanted to go for breakfast . 
 i brushed a stray stand of hair off of his cheek and behind his ear and told him that he could take me anywhere and i would be happy , and it was true . 
 i just wanted to enjoy however many minutes i had been given in heaven before i slipped off into some new hell . 
 we got to esther 's café and parked . 
 we got out of the car and he took my hand as we walked up to the restaurant together . 
 a radiant smile formed at my lips . 
 it was something so normal , something couples did every day . 
 at this moment though , it meant more to me than anything . 
 we walked into the restaurant and seated ourselves at one of the cheaply made cafeteria style tables . 
 the turquoise walls and beachy decorations gave the café a tacky , but comfortable feel . 
 we had been here a million times . 
 they had the best breakfast at the beach despite the less than glamorous interior . 
 the waitress walked up , a wise looking lady in her mid-forties . 
 she wore an esther 's t-shirt and khaki shorts . 
 her bleached blonde hair was pulled back into a neat bun . 
 `` can i get y ' all something to drink ? '' 
 `` i will have coffee and water please , '' i said cheerfully . 
 `` i will have the same , '' andrew chimed in . 
 i could not help but stare at him . 
 i was n't going to waste even a second . 
 i could not escape the dreadful sensation that it would not be long before i would wake up somewhere else , somewhere depressing . 
 how long would it be before the walls of my beautiful dream would come crashing down revealing the emptiness that awaits me in the future where he no longer existed ? 
 he grinned at me as he realized i was staring at him . 
 `` do i have something on my face or something ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 i just shook my head , laughing as well . 
 `` no , nothing like that . '' 
 `` well what is it then ? 
 you 're looking at me like you have never seen my face before . '' 
 `` i know it does n't make sense to you , but it just feels like it 's been months since i have seen your face . 
 i am just enjoying the view . 
 you are so beautiful , did you know that , '' i said , looking down bashfully . 
 `` you are the queen of cheesy you know that ? 
 that must have been some nightmare you had , '' he said teasingly . 
 his eyes glowed . 
 his goofy smile was contagious and i could feel a grin spreading in response . 
 the waitress returned with our coffee . 
 `` do you know what you would like ? '' 
 she asked politely . 
 i realized that i had n't even looked at the menu . 
 andrew gave his order and i decided to just have what he was having . 
 the waitress walked away and i let myself get lost in his face once again . 
 i took his warm hand in mine and smiled at him worshipfully . 
 maybe this was real . 
 maybe it had been a nightmare . 
 i started to relax . 
 we ate our breakfast and he chatted about our plans for the day . 
 he wanted to go to blockbuster and pick up some movies . 
 he said we could spend the day curled up on the couch and just watch movies . 
 i loved the idea . 
 i did n't care about the outside world . 
 i was content to be lost in this day for eternity if i could be granted such a thing . 
 after we paid the bill we headed to blockbuster . 
 we scanned through the shelves and he walked up to me grinning , holding the new jet li flick . 
 i could n't help but laugh under my breath . 
 it amazed me how i could predict his choices . 
 i held up the newest slasher flick and he gave me a look of playful disapproval . 
 he always hated horror movies , but sometimes he would suffer through one just for me . 
 `` when are you going to stop watching all of that plotless nonsense ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` never ! 
 you should just give in and learn to like it , '' i said , grinning mockingly . 
 i wrapped my arms around his slender waist and was relieved when i pulled away that we were still in blockbuster and that he was still standing there . 
 we made our way to the register and paid for our movies . 
 we drove back to the house , hand in hand . 
 i could not recall ever being so happy . 
 how many perfect days like this had i taken for granted ? 
 how many other people out there were having these kinds of days and taking them for granted ? 
 i was wiser now though . 
 i had been strung through hell and back and i would never take not even one breath for granted . 
 i was so grateful that i seriously doubted there would be any way that he could stir me into any argument . 
 i would happily sit at the house and never go out again . 
 bars , nightlife , none of it meant anything anymore . 
 i would do it right this time . 
 we pulled up to the house and i sighed happily . 
 andrew looked over at me and raised a questioning eyebrow , but the just smiled and shook his head . 
 `` you are so weird , '' he said in an exaggerated voice . 
 `` i know , and that 's why you love me , '' i said in a cutesy tone . 
 we walked into the house and andrew walked over to the dvd player and popped in the jet li movie . 
 suddenly , i could feel the coffee weighing down on my bladder . 
 i stared down the hallway in fear . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was to walk into that bathroom . 
 a chill moved down my spine as i thought about the possibility of walking out and andrew being gone again . 
 i was sure that it would send me over the edge . 
 i would n't be able to handle it again . 
 i tried to sit through the movie , doing my best to ignore my urgency . 
 when it finally reached the point of being unbearable , i reasoned with myself . 
 i would n't be able to avoid bathrooms forever . 
 they were a part of life . 
 i looked over at andrew and shriveled a little on the inside . 
 i grabbed his face and his eyes looked surprised momentarily before i bore down on his lips feverishly . 
 when i moved my face away from his he looked breathless . 
 `` what was that all about ? 
 do kung fu flicks do something for you that you never told me about before ? '' 
 `` i just love you is all . 
 i will be right back , '' i said , faking a smile as i walked toward the bathroom . 
 he smirked and shook his head and sighed , `` weird . '' 
 i let out a little nervous laugh , `` i know , i know . '' 
 i walked down the hallway as if i was walking on eggshells . 
 i reached the door and looked back down the hall at andrew . 
 he was engrossed in the film once more . 
 i pressed the door in gently as i turned the doorknob and moved a shaky hand toward the light switch . 
 i flipped the switch and flinched , almost expecting something terrible to happen . 
 when i opened my eyes , it was just my bathroom . 
 there was no glass on the cream tile , no blood either . 
 there was no water running . 
 there was nothing abnormal about it what so ever . 
 i sighed . 
 i relieved myself , washed my hands , and the turned the light off as i went to exit the bathroom . 
 when i entered the hallway i was border lining ecstatic to see andrew was still sitting on the couch , watching jet li beat the bad guys ' faces in from the sounds of it . 
 i smiled . 
 maybe this was the real reality . 
 he did not look up as i reached the end of the hallway . 
 the movie must have reached the climax . 
 then something distracted me in my peripheral vision . 
 i looked over and there she was , her lovely young face radiated with happiness . 
 her chocolate hair bounced with every stride . 
 she did not look as fancy as she had in the fortress . 
 she wore a worn pair of light jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt . 
 her makeup was very plain . 
 none the less i was absolutely positive it was her . 
 it was ameda . 
 my jaw dropped in disbelief . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing in my house ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 she did n't even look over at me . 
 she sat next to andrew and he looked over at her and smiled as placed his arm around her . 
 my stomach turned and my heart raced . 
 i looked back and forth at the both of them in disbelief . 
 `` andrew , what the fuck !? 
 what are you doing ? 
 why is this bitch in my house ? '' 
 he still did n't look up at me and neither did she . 
 i could feel the heat of anger rising to my face . 
 i stood in front of the television as to block his view and screamed again , `` answer me ! '' 
 he did not move a muscle . 
 i walked over to slap him , but my hand just passed through him . 
 i backed away in horror . 
 i looked at my hand . 
 it seemed solid enough . 
 i reached out to touch him again , but my hand just slid through his shoulder . 
 i let my arm fall back to my side , standing helpless looking upon their happy faces . 
 i refused to try to make sense of it any longer . 
 my dream had become a nightmare once more . 
 i sunk to my knees and cried as i stared at their happy faces . 
 this was the truth . 
 this was real . 
 i was forgotten . 
 i was insignificant . 
 she was his everything now . 
 what did it matter anymore ? 
 i placed my head in my hands and just cried . 
 i did not care what i was to open my eyes to next . 
 i did n't care anymore . 
 i had set myself up anyway . 
 it is so easy to allow yourself to get carried away when you want to believe , when you want it to be real . 
 was n't that true in all realities ? 
 everyone always wants to delude themselves into believing the best and least painful option , when the truth is never that happy and never that glamorous . 
 i felt a tap on my shoulder . 
 i did n't bother looking up . 
 what was the use ? 
 if i just stayed where i was , if i just waited it out , i would n't have to bother getting my hopes anymore . 
 maybe i had successfully slit my wrists and killed myself . 
 maybe this was my eternal punishment , to be pushed from nightmare to nightmare . 
 i could n't say that i did n't deserve it . 
 chapter 12 : `` torey sweetie ? '' 
 my mother 's concerned voice called from above me . 
 i just shook my head and continued to cry . 
 `` ok , i am going to call the doctor , '' she said in a low shaken voice as she turned to leave . 
 i grabbed her wrist before she could leave the room and looked up at her . 
 i was scared . 
 i was scared to breathe . 
 i scared to move . 
 i was scared to speak . 
 i looked my mother over and she was in the same sundress as before . 
 i could smell barbeque drifting from the hallway . 
 i looked down and i was nude again . 
 my towel was crumpled up at my side . 
 it was the first time that i had returned to the same reality twice . 
 i hoped that it meant something . 
 `` wait . 
 i am sorry . 
 i did n't mean to scare you , '' i said as apologetically as possible . 
 she looked at me , her face full of worry , `` what happened ? 
 why are you sitting on the floor like this crying ? '' 
 i thought over the possibility of explaining what happened , but i would be sent right back to the psychiatric wing at holy cross and i did n't want that even if that was what was best . 
 `` the memories were just a little overwhelming is all . 
 i did n't mean to be so melodramatic . 
 i am fine , really . 
 i 'll get dressed and we 'll eat ok ? '' 
 she looked at me , unconvinced . 
 i pleaded with her with my eyes . 
 her face softened and she nodded , walking back toward the living room . 
 i wrapped the towel around me and walked into my bedroom . 
 i put on my bathing suit and sundress once more . 
 this time there was no shattering of glass , no pain , and no bleeding . 
 i walked out into the living room and the photos were still put away . 
 i sighed gratefully . 
 i walked over to the breakfast table where my mother sat , separating the food containers . 
 she looked up at me and smiled . 
 `` i got you smoked turkey . 
 i hope that is ok . '' 
 i nodded as i took a seat next to her . 
 we ate in silence for the most part . 
 i shoved the turkey , green beans , and sweet potatoes in my mouth thoughtlessly . 
 my mind wandered . 
 i wondered how long it would be now . 
 would i flip into a new channel of existence ? 
 would it ever come to a rest ? 
 how could i ever start rebuilding by life if my life was never the same for more than a few moments , with the exception of my visit to the psychiatric wing ? 
 we finished up and my mother cleaned up , whistling some happy tune . 
 she was always cheerful , always animated . 
 i imagined what she must have been like when she was my age . 
 while i resembled her and reflected her kind hearted nature , i had never been a bright eyed optimist . 
 i wondered if it were possible that maybe i could be someday . 
 `` do you still want to go to the boardwalk ? '' 
 i asked her , hope in my every word . 
 `` i 'm up for it if you are , '' she smiled . 
 `` i 'll drive , '' i said enthusiastically . 
 i could n't help but feel some sort of excitement . 
 reality or not , i loved to drive . 
 i loved to blare my music and feel the wind rush through my hair when i had the windows down . 
 we gathered our possessions and headed out to the car after i locked up the house . 
 we walked to the carport and i slipped the keys into my candy apple red honda . 
 my pulse raced . 
 i unlocked the doors and my mother and i slipped into our seats . 
 the leather seats were warm and inviting . 
 a smile played at my lips . 
 i turned the key and started the car , my cd player blaring . 
 my mother reached up and covered her ears . 
 i quickly adjusted the volume and we were on our way . 
 i felt like a teenager as the sound of distorted guitars and booming double bass surrounded me . 
 the warm breeze blew the blonde tendrils of my hair around my face . 
 we passed some twenty-something year old guys walking down the sidewalk and they smiled at me . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 it strangely felt like in that moment everything might be ok . 
 we reached the public lot for the boardwalk . 
 i found a space in the crowded lot and became truly excited . 
 i could n't wait to feel the warm sand on my feet and let the water rush over them . 
 i wanted to walk past all of the brightly painted tourist traps . 
 maybe i would even get some ice cream . 
 my mother and i crossed the busy beachfront street . 
 sporty cars passed by , their bass vibrating the ground we walked upon . 
 guys adorned in expensive sunglasses and silk button up shirts scanned the streets for girls to shout perverse things at . 
 girls in bikinis , skirts , and too-high sandals walked in groups , laughing . 
 reggae poured out of the local bars and the smell of chicken wings floated through the air . 
 spring was in full swing . 
 we reached the boardwalk and started walking down the length of it . 
 i smiled as i saw people on long boards with dogs coming down the boardwalk , and couples walked hand in hand in nothing but swim suits . 
 it was all familiar and it felt like home . 
 for some reason it also felt like hope . 
 a small ramp led down into the sand and i ran , overly excited . 
 i squealed like a child as my feet hit the sand , causing a cloud of sand to swirl about me . 
 i ran to the water and splashed my feet in the tidal waters . 
 my mother walked after me , smiling and laughing . 
 i returned her smiles and laughter . 
 when my mother caught up with me , we decided to take a walk . 
 i watched seagulls scavenge from above and sandpipers run through the sand . 
 i tried to ignore the surfers in the water , afraid of the pain that they would bring if they conjured a memory . 
 `` so what is your plan now ? '' 
 my mother asked , breaking the silence . 
 `` well , i am going to try to get a new job , for starters . 
 then , i guess the main goal is to get my life back together . 
 i ca n't hide from life . 
 it 's going on whether i want it to or not . 
 i mean , he 's not sitting waiting , why should i be ? '' 
 i said , a hint of resentment shadowing my words . 
 `` that 's a very good way of looking at it , '' she mused . 
 `` well i am going to stay a while . 
 i just want to make sure that you 're ok . 
 you 've been through a lot and i do n't like the thought of you being alone in that house . '' 
 i thought of arguing with her and then changed my mind . 
 the company would n't hurt . 
 maybe if she stayed longer , i could get past the hallucinations . 
 hopefully the one that i had earlier was the last . 
 there was a very real possibility that if i had one of the episodes while she was there that it could land me back in the hospital , but if i was that bad off , maybe that would be what i needed as much as i did n't like the idea . 
 after walking for quite some time , we made our way back to the car . 
 i was much more relaxed . 
 the beach had calmed me . 
 `` can we come back tomorrow ? '' 
 i asked my mother , smiling hopefully . 
 `` sure , '' she replied with a smile . 
 we piled back into the car and we were headed back to the house . 
 i lost myself in the streetlights and the music once again . 
 i looked forward to getting home and vegging out in some comfortable pajamas . 
 i was exhausted . 
 we got home and i walked straight back to the room and threw on my comfortable old maroon pajama pants with a tank top . 
 i did n't care if it was only midafternoon . 
 i was ready to call it a day , assuming of course that i was within the confines of reality . 
 i walked out into the living room and decided i needed something that i could stare mindlessly at . 
 i looked through the dvd cases that littered the top of my tv . 
 i picked out a will farrell movie , knowing that any time i watched one of his films , they lifted my spirits . 
 i curled myself up on the couch and my mother came to join me . 
 we watched as the story unfolded on the screen . 
 i laughed as will farrell humorously portrayed a racecar driver that had taken a long fall after being overly proud and had forsaken his best friend . 
 a small sadness crept through my chest as i thought of the parallels of the plot to my own life . 
 i shook my head and laughed at myself . 
 it was ridiculous to think in such a way . 
 i went through movie after movie . 
 they slowly lulled me into a state of complete relaxation . 
 nothing extreme had happened . 
 when i went to the bathroom , i was relieved to walk out to the same setting i had left . 
 finally it was late and i made my way to bed , kissing my mother on the cheek goodnight as i handed her a pillow and a blanket . 
 i climbed into my bed and allowed myself to sink into the mattress . 
 the pillow felt nice against my face . 
 i was in my room and it was a welcomed change from the stiffness of my bed in the psychiatric wing . 
 i allowed myself to drift off even though in the corner of my mind , i feared whatever waited me in my subconscious . 
 the waves crashed on the dark shore . 
 the moonlight reflected off the ocean surface . 
 the sand was wet and cool as i walked . 
 stars were scattered across the nighttime sky . 
 my light blue sundress flapped in the warm evening breeze . 
 i smiled . 
 i felt no fear here . 
 the wet shells glittered like jewels in the sand as the water ran over them and then back out away from the shore . 
 i liked the way the small ones crunched underneath the pressure of my feet . 
 i had been walking a long time , but i was n't tired . 
 i never wanted to leave this moment or lose this feeling . 
 it was purely serene . 
 there were no nightmares . 
 there were no people . 
 it was just me and the peace of the ocean . 
 i knew that i had thought my last thought to soon because a dark figure walked toward me in the distance . 
 i did not need to guess who it would be . 
 i had grown used to the theme of my dreams . 
 funny that i knew i was dreaming and still did not wake up . 
 andrew closed the distance between us and stood in front of me , unsurprised as if he knew i would be here . 
 he wore his black and white board shorts and a white t-shirt . 
 his brown chin length hair blew in the breeze . 
 i did n't speak . 
 i decided it would just be best to wait it out until i woke up . 
 no point in hurting myself again . 
 `` hi , '' he said , smiling at me . 
 i stood there just staring at him , not saying anything . 
 i closed my eyes tight and hoped to wake up to the sight of my bedroom . 
 i opened them to the same beach scene , the same beautiful vision of andrew . 
 the corners of his mouth turned down into a frown . 
 `` why are n't you saying anything ? '' 
 i still gave him no reply . 
 i would no longer be part of this charade . 
 i would not let the twisted distortions of my brain make me victim any longer . 
 `` torey , talk to me , please ? '' 
 he said ; his tone sad . 
 his hazel eyes glowed in the moonlight , framed by his long dark lashes and they tugged at my heartstrings . 
 he was so real in my dreams . 
 `` please ? '' 
 he said again . 
 his face crumpled and i could n't take it . 
 `` you 're not real you know . 
 this is just my imagination . 
 i will wake up and i will be sad if i allow myself to pretend that you are really here with me . 
 so , do n't take it personally . 
 i just do n't feel like waking up sad again , '' i explained flatly to my mind 's rendition of andrew . 
 he looked down and he was silent for a few minutes . 
 i allowed the silence to just pass , listening to the crashing of the waves against the shore . 
 i was just about to turn and walk away when he looked up and i found myself feeling frightened . 
 he was positively furious . 
 even for a nightmare , the expression on his face was truly horrific . 
 it was a look of pure and utter hatred . 
 his face grew red and i started to back away slowly . 
 `` why are you backing away ? '' 
 he asked , madness ringing in his voice . 
 `` do you think i would hurt you ? '' 
 i shook my head as i continued to back up . 
 i was not sure if he would hurt me or not , but i did n't want to find out . 
 this was not andrew , this was something much darker . 
 his face had twisted into an evil grin , baring his teeth . 
 his eyebrows knitted together in anger . 
 i shuddered , feeling the weight of his hateful gaze . 
 `` what reason would i have to hurt you torey ? 
 hmmm ? '' 
 he started to match my backward steps with forward steps . 
 his voice had changed . 
 there was something monstrous in the tone of it now . 
 i could not think of anything except how badly i wanted to wake up . 
 `` maybe it 's the fact that you ruined so many years for me . 
 maybe it 's the fact that you stole my youth . 
 maybe it 's the fact that i wasted so much of my precious time on someone so worthless . 
 maybe that 's why i want to hurt you . 
 maybe it 's that you never listened . 
 maybe it 's that you caused me so much pain . 
 i do n't really think it matters why i want to , do you ? 
 the fact is i do , '' he said , grinning wider . 
 i knew it was only my insecurities haunting me in the form of a monstrous andrew , but i was still more frightened than i had ever felt in my life . 
 i had begun to whimper without even realizing it . 
 the madness was growing in his eyes . 
 my only chance would be to turn and run for it . 
 he would undoubtedly catch me , but hopefully if i ran , i would wake from this nightmare . 
 i turned around and broke into a full sprint . 
 the shore and the palm trees that lined me on the side became a blur . 
 i could hear him closing in on me within moments . 
 the salty air stung my throat as i ran out of breath . 
 the sounds of his footsteps grew louder and louder until they seemed like they were right on top of me and i found myself hurdling face forward toward the ground . 
 i hit the ground with a loud thump and my breath left me . 
 he turned me over so i could see his face as he held my wrists above head , his grip much too tight . 
 he smiled down , his face twisted in insanity . 
 `` please wake up ! 
 please wake up ! 
 please wake up ! '' 
 i sobbed . 
 i tried to concentrate on the sky and my breathing . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was look into his face . 
 there was a stabbing pain and then the agony spread through my chest as i felt my ribs snap . 
 i heard a tearing and squishing sound as he i pulled my still-beating heart out of my chest and laughed . 
 `` you always had said it belonged to me , i thought i would take it . '' 
 i screamed . 
 i woke up screaming , sitting up in my bed covered with sweat . 
 i grasped my chest , half expecting to find a gaping ragged hole . 
 my mother came running in the room and my screams continued . 
 `` torey ! 
 are you ok ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 my mother asked in a panic . 
 i wrapped my arms around her and sobbed . 
 she rubbed my back and i explained the nightmare to her . 
 i was truly shaken . 
 the other nightmares had been bad because i was losing andrew , but this was different . 
 it was horrifying because andrew had become a murderous monster . 
 she offered to sleep in the room with me and i accepted . 
 i was scared to death of sleep now . 
 i was n't sure if i would even be able to sleep again . 
 i could n't face the monster andrew ; the regular memory andrew was bad enough . 
 my mother turned off the light and settled in next to me . 
 `` you should really try to get some sleep , '' she whispered . 
 `` yeah , '' i replied thoughtlessly as i forced myself back to lying position . 
 i stared at the ceiling . 
 my heart was still racing from the nightmare . 
 how long would i be unhinged ? 
 how long would these nightmares plague me ? 
 it was hours before i found sleep again . 
 luckily when i did fall asleep it was dreamless . 
 when my eyes opened to the noontime sunlight , i was grateful to have gotten some uninterrupted rest . 
 my mother was obviously already up for the day . 
 i could smell the aroma of coffee and pancakes wafting in through the bedroom door . 
 i smiled . 
 i stretched and then hopped out of bed . 
 i made my way to the kitchen . 
 when i walked into the kitchen i could n't help but laugh a little . 
 my mother was smiling and whistling , flipping pancakes between sips of coffee . 
 she looked over at me and smiled . 
 `` you 're going to spoil me you know , '' i said teasingly . 
 `` everyone needs a little spoiling every once in a while , '' she replied with a smile . 
 i went to the fridge and pulled out the butter and the syrup and sat them on the breakfast table . 
 i grabbed napkins and forks and placed them on the table as well . 
 my mother walked over with two plates of fluffy , perfectly round pancakes and sat them on the table . 
 she turned around and grabbed her mug of coffee and one for me as well . 
 we sat down and i smiled appreciatively at her as i buttered my pancakes and poured the syrup over top of them . 
 i shoveled pancakes into my mouth and sipped my bold , hot coffee . 
 `` thanks so much mom . 
 i could truly get used to this , '' i said with a giant child-like grin . 
 `` do n't mention it . 
 i really miss making breakfast for you kids . 
 i used to love to get up early and watch all of your bright faces as you came into the kitchen . 
 it made me feel happy , '' she said , lost in some distant reverie . 
 after breakfast , we both took showers and got dressed to go to the beach . 
 i looked forward to our outing with the same anticipation that i had the day before . 
 the beach was the cure for all of my worries and fears . 
 i was on day two and hoped that there would be no reality jumping today . 
 we jumped in the car and headed out for the beach . 
 it was just as lovely and warm as it had been the day before . 
 this time i drove to the parking lot next to the pier . 
 i thought a change in location might be nice . 
 we walked out to the beach and laid out our towels . 
 i pulled my sundress over my head and lowered myself down on my towel . 
 my mother did the same . 
 i stared out at the water , the sun sparkling on the ripples as far as the eyes could see . 
 the waves were higher than average . 
 it looked like they were peaking at six feet . 
 they would crash down violently and the foam would spread out onto the sand where the birds splashed and young children played . 
 there was no shortage of surfers next to the pier . 
 i thought to myself how crazy it was that they risked being thrown into the pilings just for the thrill of the bigger waves that generated next to the pier . 
 fun and happiness meant so many things to different people . 
 i smiled and shook my head at the thought . 
 the sun felt good against my skin . 
 the cool breeze came by every so often , feeling unbelievable against the sweat coated surface of my arms and legs . 
 i watched the surfers weave in and out of the waves . 
 then , one of them caught my attention . 
 there was no mistaking the black and white shorts . 
 his wet hair hung stringy around his face . 
 my stomach turned over . 
 andrew was out there and this time i was pretty sure that i was not hallucinating . 
 i looked over at my mother and thought of asking her if she saw what i saw , but then stopped when i saw the smile draped across her face . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 she looked completely at peace . 
 i decided to leave the subject unchallenged . 
 even if his was out there , it did n't mean anything . 
 we did n't have to leave . 
 it was a public beach after all . 
 if i did n't cause any attention to be drawn to us , he probably would n't even notice that we were there , especially if we had n't talked in the amount of time that my mother and the doctor had said . 
 still i was unable to keep myself from watching him turn and twist upon the waves . 
 his tan wet skin glistened in the sunlight . 
 when he would fall into the water and resurface , he would run his hands through his hair , exposing his well-defined face . 
 my heart wrenched and i knew that what i was doing was n't healthy . 
 why torture myself with longing for something that i ca n't have ? 
 i watched as he dropped into another wave . 
 this one looked about seven feet high . 
 then all of the sudden he was gone . 
 his board was being thrown into the pilings , but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 no one seemed to be panicked . 
 i frantically searched the surface and saw nothing . 
 i stood up and began to run . 
 sand flew up behind my feet and hit the back of my legs . 
 i could hear my mom calling out to me from behind , but i did n't turn around . 
 this was different . 
 this was not a nightmare . 
 andrew could really disappear and whether or not he was with me or not , i did not want anything to happen to him . 
 i jumped under the first set of waves and swam hard against the current . 
 again and again i ducked under the oncoming sets , trying to swim out to where i saw his board . 
 no one seemed to take notice of me or the fact that there was someone that had disappeared . 
 the salt water stung my eyes and caused my nose to run , but i just kept fighting and swimming . 
 i reached his board and followed the leash , only to find that there was nothing and no one attached to it . 
 i looked from side to side hoping against hope for some glimpse of him . 
 i had to save him . 
 my heart felt as though it would jump out of my chest . 
 where had he gone ? 
 a pain spread across my chest at the thought that i was already too late . 
 all of the sudden i saw his head bobbing at the surface . 
 his eyes were shut and his face looked lifeless . 
 i swam frantically over to where he was and grabbed him . 
 with one arm propping his head up , i started fighting my way back to shore . 
 as we closed the distance to shore , another set of large waves come in and stole andrew from my grip , pounding him into the shore . 
 i became horrified as i got swept up in the current and was hurdled head first into the pilings . 
 there was a smack , followed by pain , and then came the darkness . 
 i woke up to find myself in a hospital room once again . 
 my throat hurt and so did my head . 
 i imagined that i had come pretty close to drowning . 
 my mother slept in a chair in the corner of the room with her beach towel wrapped around her shoulders . 
 i decided not to wake her . 
 who knows how long i had been out ? 
 i am sure the whole day had been emotionally and physically exhausting . 
 i wondered if andrew was ok . 
 a tall , slender , blonde haired doctor walked in . 
 he could n't have been older than his late twenties or early thirties . 
 a smile stretched across his face , showing off his perfect white teeth . 
 his green eyes sparkled as he realized i was awake . 
 his sea foam green scrubs made him look unnaturally tan . 
 he looked like he belonged in a hollywood movie instead of a hospital . 
 `` hi there torey . 
 my name is dr. conner . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 he said cheerfully . 
 `` i 've felt better , '' i replied . 
 my voice was raspy from all of the salt water i had swallowed . 
 `` is andrew ok ? '' 
 `` he 's fine actually . 
 he 's waiting outside . 
 he wanted to talk to you . 
 i can send him in after we talk if you would like . '' 
 i thought it over for a minute . 
 what if this is just another illusion ? 
 what if i was just setting myself up for another disappointment ? 
 then again , i was already apparently so far gone it did not matter . 
 i nodded . 
 `` ok , well you took in a pretty serious amount of water into your lungs . 
 you are very lucky to be alive . 
 you also have a concussion where you hit your head against the pilings . 
 needless to say we will be keeping you overnight for observation . 
 we want to be sure you are fine before we release you . 
 do you have any questions ? '' 
 i simply shook my head . 
 i was anxious to see andrew . 
 i wondered what he would have to say . 
 i had saved his life . 
 i had actually saved him . 
 `` ok , well i will be back in a while to check on you . 
 i will have the nurse send andrew in . '' 
 the doctor turned around and exited the room . 
 i sat and waited in silence , watching the door . 
 the door opened and andrew walked in . 
 he was still in his black and white board shorts . 
 he now had a t-shirt on and flip flops as well . 
 his hair hung in tangled pieces next to his face . 
 he looked worn out , but then i supposed most people who had almost drowned would look the same . 
 his face was still devastatingly beautiful . 
 my heart ached as i attempted to smile and failed miserably . 
 `` hi , '' i managed to whisper . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he stood in silence for a few minutes just staring at me with his bloodshot eyes . 
 i wondered what was running through his mind , but decided it would be best just to let him speak when he was ready . 
 `` look , i really well , '' he looked down at his feet and shuffled them uncomfortably ; `` i really wanted to thank you for what you did , for saving my life . 
 i do n't know how i will ever repay you . 
 i know that we have n't spoken in a really long time . 
 i never really thought that we would ever be in the situation we are in now . '' 
 he stopped and shifted some more on his feet . 
 he looked like he was struggling to find the words to say . 
 `` well , you know , just because we are n't together anymore does n't mean i would sit back and watch you die . 
 i would like to believe you would do the same for me you know . 
 i mean i still love you . 
 i will always love you . 
 i never stopped caring , '' i said , my mind filling with memories of days and years past . 
 `` mike told me about your ... . 
 breakdown . 
 are you ok ? 
 i mean , how are you holding up these days ? '' 
 he sounded genuinely concerned . 
 his gaze fell on my wrists and my eyes followed . 
 the white scars and white dots from being stitched up still remained . 
 i wished that there was a way to make them magically disappear in that instant . 
 blood rushed to my face in embarrassment . 
 `` some days are harder than others . 
 i have a lot of nightmares . 
 it 's getting better though i guess , '' i lied through my teeth . 
 `` what about you ? 
 how are you ? 
 i heard you are married now . 
 how is that going for you ? 
 does ameda know you are here ? '' 
 `` things are pretty good , '' he replied , looking hesitant . 
 `` we did get married . 
 the ceremony was nice . 
 ameda is here . 
 she 's out in the hallway . 
 i explained that i needed to speak to you , that i owed it ... . 
 well you get the general idea . '' 
 his every word struck through my heart like a razor . 
 i knew that what happened did not change anything between us . 
 i knew we would not be friends tomorrow . 
 i knew that i would still be leaving the hospital to the same lonely life that i had been living before . 
 saving his life did not make him even the slightest bit more in love with me and though i might be crazy , i was not crazy enough to delude myself in believing anything but just that . 
 all of the sudden , i remembered all of the things i had said to him in my dream about the fortress . 
 it was all the things that i had long to say since it had all ended in the first place . 
 why not say them now . 
 if i am going to lose it all over again , i might as well just go ahead and put the icing on the cake . 
 he could walk out on me , but it was worth the chance to try . 
 `` andrew , there are some things i really have been wanting to say to you for a long time . 
 i hope that you will hear me out and then you can leave if you want , '' i said hopefully . 
 `` sure , i am all ears . 
 it is the least i can do , '' he replied with a boyish grin . 
 `` well , i just wanted to apologize for all of the bad things that happened . 
 i am sorry for all the times i went out and left you at home . 
 i am sorry for the fights and the yelling . 
 i am sorry for every moment that i ever took you for granted . 
 i am happy that you are happy now . 
 i just wish i could have been the one to make you happy . 
 there is n't a day do n't miss you . 
 i hope that you can forgive me for all of that . 
 sorry to bother you with it now , but who knows if i will ever get the opportunity again . 
 so there you have it . '' 
 blood rushed to my cheeks as i awaited his reply , unsure of what to expect . 
 he was silent for a minute and then he looked me in the face and smiled a half smile just shaking his head , `` it was n't just you . 
 it was both of us . 
 there is nothing to forgive . 
 we both made mistakes . 
 we both hurt each other . 
 i do n't hold any grudges . 
 i know that you are going to be really happy someday . 
 there were moments when we made each other happy and i think that 's more than a lot of people get . 
 so , take care of yourself . 
 know that i care . 
 we just ca n't be in each other 's lives anymore . 
 it just is n't a possibility . '' 
 he walked over to me and kissed my hand ever so swiftly . 
 his eyes were shiny and the green in them glowed as if he might cry . 
 he turned his back to walk out of the room and i did n't call after him to stop him . 
 just like that the door was closed and he was gone out of my life again . 
 the tears started to fall a few minutes after he had left . 
 the sounds of my soft cries woke up my mother . 
 she pulled the chair over to my side and grabbed my hand . 
 i was sure that this scene was uncomfortable for her . 
 how many times would she have to sit next to a hospital bed and hold my hand ? 
 `` what 's wrong sweetie ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` andrew just left , '' i said my voice uneven . 
 anger filled her face , `` what did he say to you ? 
 was it not enough that you saved his life ? 
 does he feel the need to make you feel worse than he already has ? 
 i do n't wish death upon anyone , but that boy does n't deserve anything from you after what he did . '' 
 `` no , no mom . 
 it was n't like that . 
 he did n't say anything mean to me . 
 he was really nice actually . 
 i am just sad that nothing has changed . 
 we are still not going to be friends . 
 we are still not going to be speaking . '' 
 i explained . 
 `` i know you do n't want to hear this , but it is probably for the best . 
 what good would it do if the two of you spoke ? 
 all it would do is further impede your healing process . 
 you would n't be able to get over him with him in your face and in your life all of the time . '' 
 `` plus he is happy now . 
 he found what he is looking for . 
 i would just bring him down . 
 i do n't want to get in the way . '' 
 i said , my eyes focusing on the ceiling so she could n't see the tears in my eyes . 
 `` you know he is a fool torey , '' my mother reassured me . 
 she squeezed my hand with one hand and wiped away my tears with the other . 
 her pretty face was filled with love and concern . 
 `` no , he just got tired i think mom . 
 i am not mad anymore . 
 how can i begrudge him happiness ? 
 maybe it does n't make me happy , but why would i want someone to be unhappy for me ? '' 
 we dropped the subject and i closed my eyes to sleep once more . 
 it had been much too long of a day and too much had happened . 
 i guessed in a way though , i had obtained some kind of closure and there was some peace in that . 
 i was released the next day from the hospital . 
 the hallucinations had ceased all together and though i had nightmares , they were n't as frequent . 
 there was a story in the paper about how i had saved andrew 's life , barely escaping death myself . 
 i got a lot of phone calls in reply to that . 
 media people wanted interviews . 
 some of his family had even called to thank me . 
 i made it out to be no big deal though and soon enough it all blew over . 
 after a month or so , my mother felt confident enough in me to leave me by myself again . 
 i had a new job waitressing at a local wing joint . 
 i had re-enrolled in school . 
 everything was starting to feel like it had a certain level of normalcy and all of the fear and sadness , slowly melted away to the background of my mind . 
 my mother stood at my front door with her suitcase in hand , a small amount of worry still playing across her face . 
 `` now if you need anything at all you call me ok ? 
 i will be back down here as fast as you need me . '' 
 she looked lovely . 
 her hair hung in natural curls and the green flowered dress she wore brought out her eyes . 
 i smiled . 
 `` mom , i will be fine . 
 i have to get back to being an adult sometime . 
 i will call often , i promise . 
 i am just looking forward to a new start . 
 i really appreciate everything . 
 come down and visit soon . 
 i am going to miss you and your fabulous pancakes . '' 
 i laughed and moved to embrace her . 
 she squeezed me tight and said , `` i will miss you too . 
 i love you . 
 you take care of yourself . '' 
 i pulled away and wiped the small tears that had formed at the corner of her eyes away . 
 `` you drive safe now . 
 call me when you get there . '' 
 she nodded and waved as she reached her car . 
 i watched as she drove away under a perfect sunset and i was alone once more . 
 the warm evening breeze blew across my skin and for the first time it felt like i would be able to take everything on . 
 maybe i could still have a happy ending . 
 maybe everything i wanted would still be possible . 
 i turned around to go back inside and resolved that i would move forward and be happy someday . 
 this day would mark the first day of the rest of my life . 
 chapter 13 : i walked in from work at about seven in the evening . 
 i was completely exhausted . 
 i threw my purse and my apron on the couch and flipped on the light in the living room . 
 i walked down the hallway to my bedroom and opened my closet to retrieve my pajamas . 
 there was nothing in the world i wanted more than a hot shower to unwind . 
 i walked into the bathroom and turned on the light . 
 i folded my pajamas neatly on the toilet seat and turned on the shower . 
 i peeled off my work shirt and shorts as the water heated up . 
 i jumped in the shower sighing as soon as the water hit my skin . 
 the jets of heat released the tension from my shoulders . 
 i could feel all of the day 's worries falling from me . 
 all of the rude customers and all of the stress of the friday night rush just disappeared . 
 after this i looked forward to a nice hot cup of chamomile tea and a couple hours of reading before calling it a day . 
 after i was done , i shut off the water and reached for my towel , drying myself off thoroughly before throwing on my old maroon pajama pants and tank top . 
 i was just about to leave the bathroom when i stopped short in my tracks , noticing that the mirror had gone black in my peripheral vision . 
 i closed my eyes and rubbed them , counting to ten , not wanting to believe it . 
 it had been so long since i had any hallucinations . 
 i was doing so well . 
 why would i have one now ? 
 my stomach tied in knots and all of the stress that had been released in my shower was working its way back through my muscles triple fold . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 a gangleus appeared with andrew in its arms . 
 andrew was in a blue plaid pair of boxers and an old grey t-shirt . 
 the circles beneath his eyes made me guess that he had been ripped from his sleep . 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 there was no possibility that this was real . 
 after considering my options , i turned to walk away and force myself to go bed . 
 i was doing too well now to give into some ridiculous illusion now . 
 `` where do you think you are going ? '' 
 the gangleus said in its gruff voice . 
 my feet left the floor and i was turned to face the illusion once more . 
 `` torey , what 's going on ? '' 
 andrew asked ; his voice somewhat shrill and frightened . 
 sweat was beginning to form in beads on his forehead and his silky brown hair was starting to mat against it . 
 `` i am hallucinating , that 's what going on . 
 in a few minutes , none of this will matter and i will probably be on the floor screaming somewhere , '' i replied , following with bitter laughter . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 torey , this is real . 
 trust me . 
 go get help ! '' 
 andrew retorted in a panicked voice . 
 `` well , that wo n't be possible . 
 that 's not the way things work in my nightmares . 
 that evil fellow who has you hostage there wo n't let me go do that now will he ? '' 
 i said in a mocking tone . 
 the ganglees laughed and i found myself being sucked through the mirror . 
 the only words that came to mind were , `` here we go again . '' 
 within moments we were in the dungeon cell that i had dreamt up previously . 
 the wet floor still reflected the torchlight that came from the hall . 
 i could see the cuffs and chains on the wall where i had imagined being before . 
 the gangleus laughed as it looked us over one more time . 
 he locked the cell door and floated away , no doubt to let one of the other figments of my imagination know that we had arrived . 
 andrew sat dumbfounded in the corner , looking like he was on the edge where sanity and insanity meet . 
 `` do you know where we are ? '' 
 andrew asked , his eyes wild with fear . 
 `` welcome to my worst nightmare sweetie , '' i said sarcastically , `` this is the dungeon of my subconscious i guess . 
 it has n't even come close to the worst part yet . 
 i will lose you in some fucked up twist no doubt . 
 you will disappear . 
 i will wake up screaming , or crying , or bleeding , or god knows what else . 
 i 've grown so used to it that i do n't even think i can be surprised anymore . '' 
 i said , clearly disinterested in what was happening . 
 i have been here before and i knew the real deal . 
 andrew was back at home , safe , with his perfect little young brunette . 
 i apparently was just some nut bag that was unable to accept the fact that things had changed . 
 andrew stood up and walked over to me , crouching beside me . 
 he took my face in both of his hands and stared deeply into my eyes , `` torey , listen , this is real . 
 i am telling you this is real . 
 you are not dreaming . 
 i am not sure what you know about where we are at , but it does n't look like we 're in a good situation here and something tells me that every moment counts . '' 
 he kept hold of my face and i tried to resist it . 
 he was so real . 
 it was all so real . 
 the again it always was so real . 
 that did n't change the fact that it was all in my head . 
 i rolled my eyes , `` fine . 
 we are in the black fortress in the ganglesh mountains , which is some fictional land that my brain made up to deal with your marriage and the loss of you . 
 that creature that had you is a gangleus . 
 the gangleus are queen ameda 's henchman . 
 they are magically inclined and as far as i can tell they are undefeatable . 
 she is probably going to have the gangleus bring both of us to see her , at which point she will kill or exile me , and keep you . 
 then again why should you care ? 
 this is just a dream and ameda is your girlfriend in real life anyway , so you do n't get the raw end of the deal , '' i explained bitterly . 
 `` how do you know all of this ? '' 
 andrew asked in disbelief . 
 `` i have had this dream before . 
 i thought it was real before . 
 the day i slit my wrists was the day i had this dream . 
 i will not be fooled again . '' 
 i replied , my voice full of resolve . 
 andrew looked completely lost and in shock . 
 i wanted to sympathize , to tell him that it would all be ok , that i would work to save him , but my dreams never worked out positively and the pain of giving in to the illusion just was n't worth it . 
 i tried to block his presence out , but failed miserably over and over again . 
 i sat with my chin resting on my knees as andrew paced restlessly back and forth across the cell . 
 his large bare feet now were completely covered in filth from the murky wetness of the cell 's floor . 
 i felt completely numb . 
 what was there really to fear ? 
 i had already lost in the real world . 
 there was nothing more to lose here . 
 i would wake up and be in the same situation that i had been in before this nightmare had taken place . 
 shuffling came from down the hall and i stood , awaiting what i knew came next . 
 the gangleus reappeared in front of our cell . 
 andrew froze where he stood , `` the queen would like to see the both of you , '' he said , moving his arms in the door opening motion from my previous dream . 
 both of our feet left the ground and we were floating after the gangleus once more . 
 i looked at andrew with an `` i told you so '' glare and he looked back at me in helpless terror . 
 we made our way through the dungeon . 
 the cells still held the same creatures that grunted , whinnied , and snarled as we passed . 
 andrew 's face was frozen in the same horrific expression . 
 his eyes looked as though they might jump out of his skull . 
 we floated up the same spiral staircase as before . 
 as we went through the decadent hallways , everything was exactly as i had imagined before . 
 the scent of magnolias still radiated from the candles , the art was still beautiful . 
 the statues were perfect , just like before . 
 i was no longer impressed , i actually felt bored . 
 i looked over at andrew and his expression had changed as he gazed at everything through wide , child-like eyes . 
 his mouth was hanging open in awe . 
 just like before we took a right into a dark hallway , draped in burgundy chiffon . 
 the same scowling faces peered out from the paintings . 
 the same black ornate candleholders held the same burgundy candles . 
 we approached the grotesque mahogany doors that had sent a shiver down my spine before and they opened at the wave of the gangleus ' hands . 
 the room was exactly as i had remembered . 
 the plush burgundy rug sat in the center of the room with its four couches . 
 the stained glass windows still portrayed the same horrific scenes . 
 next to the large round mahogany table is where she waited for us , this time in a navy blue satin gown with silver heels . 
 she had her hair back in a ponytail , the strands hanging in ringlets . 
 her red painted lips were twisted into the most gloriously evil smile . 
 the scroll was already in her hand . 
 i waited for what had happened before to repeat itself . 
 `` ameda ? '' 
 andrew called out from the side of me . 
 he sounded truly confused . 
 `` not quite , '' the queen said , laughing . 
 `` we can discuss that later though . 
 right now , we need to discuss more important things , '' she said giggling the same evil child-like giggle that she had in my previous dream . 
 `` can we just get a move on with it , '' i sighed impatiently . 
 the quicker that it was over with , the quicker i could wake up to my miserable life . 
 it was enough to have already been through this little charade once . 
 the queen smiled at me , looking slightly taken aback . 
 `` your wish is my command , '' she replied , giggling once more . 
 andrew looked over at me with a glance of utter disbelief and disgust . 
 `` andrew , i am going to give you a choice . 
 you can go home . 
 you will be completely unharmed , but there is a price . '' 
 she paused to add to the dramatics . 
 illusion or no illusion , it still made my blood boil to listen to her toy with him . 
 `` basically , if you leave she will kill me , but leave you unharmed . 
 if you stay , she will let me leave unharmed , '' i snarled , rolling my eyes . 
 `` yes , thank you torey . 
 i was n't going to put it so bluntly , but that is the gist of it . 
 so , what do you think andrew ? 
 which would you prefer ? '' 
 she beamed over at him . 
 andrew looked completely dumbfounded . 
 he looked from me to the queen and back again . 
 if this were reality i could see where he would have been confused . 
 after all , the queen was of course the spitting image of his girlfriend with the same name and i was just floating there calm as ever , waiting for my doom . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 andrew called to me . 
 his eyes looked tortured . 
 it was as if he wanted me to make the decision for him . 
 `` it does n't really matter you know . 
 either way , i am going to wake up screaming . 
 go ahead , let her cut me up and bleed me dry if she wants . 
 decide to stay here if you feel the need . 
 i am imagining all of this anyway . 
 nothing changes the fact that we wo n't be together when i wake up , '' i explained harshly . 
 i wondered which way the nightmare would go this time . 
 maybe if he chose for me to die , i would wake up more quickly . 
 after all , did n't everyone say that you could not die in your dreams ? 
 his face crumbled as he shook his head in disbelief and he began to cry . 
 `` this is real , torey ! 
 right now this is real ! 
 i ca n't let her cut you up . 
 i ca n't let her bleed you dry . 
 we may not be together , but i care about you ! 
 it 's the same as i tried to explain to you in the hospital . 
 i wish you would realize that this is n't a dream ! '' 
 he looked at my face searching for some sympathy or some kind of understanding . 
 i was already starting to fall apart . 
 the desperation in his voice ate at my insides . 
 the look on his face was tearing apart my heart . 
 it was if my mind would not be satisfied until the dream had completely broken me . 
 it was as if i was not allowed to wake up with any shred of dignity or sanity left in my grasp . 
 `` how sweet of you andrew . 
 you are so caring towards someone who deserves it so little . 
 i ca n't say i am displeased though . 
 i would love to have you here . 
 so , are you going to stay ? '' 
 the queen asked , tilting her head to the side , her bell-like voice conveying her impatience . 
 andrew took a deep breath and then said , `` yes . '' 
 things proceeded exactly as they had before . 
 at the snap of the queen 's fingers another gangleus appeared with a knife . 
 tears streamed down his face as they pricked his finger and he dotted the line like he had in my last dream . 
 this time there would be no intimacy to wait through . 
 i would n't be put through the torture of kisses and embraces like before . 
 this was very cut and dry . 
 before long she would snap her fingers and i would wake up feeling disturbed . 
 yet somehow i almost wished that we did have that one more imaginary evening . 
 i was a very sick girl when it came down to it , i supposed . 
 `` any last words you would like to say before i send her home , '' the queen asked in a mocking tone . 
 she folded her hands in front of her and started to pace around andrew , eying her new prize . 
 he looked into my eyes and i could see so many things there . 
 there was fear , love , sadness , remorse , anger , and helplessness fluttering in the golden brown and green . 
 his lips quivered as he began to speak , `` torey , just know i loved you ok ? 
 i did , even though it did n't work out . 
 i know it is a lot to ask , but could you tell ameda i love her too ? 
 i am sure she will be worried sick . 
 tell my family what has happened . 
 tell everyone i will miss them . 
 take care of yourself and know that if you harm yourself then you spit on what i have done today . 
 just do that for me ok ? '' 
 my heart broke for the illusion . 
 i unraveled and tore apart at every seam . 
 this dream was going to cause me suffering and i knew it . 
 i gave in as i nodded and whispered , `` i love you and i miss you . 
 i miss you every day . 
 i know this is n't real , but it does n't make it any less true . '' 
 the queen laughed her evil maniacal laugh and smiled at me . 
 `` goodbye torey , '' she giggled and then snapped her fingers . 
 my eyes opened to my cream tile floor once more . 
 i slowly stood up and looked in the bathroom mirror . 
 i was still in my pajamas . 
 i still looked the same . 
 i had returned to reality once more . 
 i decided that i would make no mention of my newest hallucination to anyone . 
 after all , i had come too far to have to start over now . 
 sadness filled me as i walked into the bedroom and crawled under the covers . 
 i let my head sink into the pillow and closed my eyes , wet with new tears . 
 the images of his distressed face danced behind my eyelids . 
 within minutes i was asleep . 
 i slept deeply and though i may have dreamed , i did not recall any of them when i woke . 
 i was sitting at my breakfast table drinking coffee , staring at the walls as my mind wandered when the first call came in . 
 i looked at the screen of my cell phone to see an unfamiliar number . 
 i flipped my phone open and put it to my ear . 
 `` hello , '' i answered in a drowsy voice . 
 `` torey ? '' 
 the bell-like voice replied , full of panic . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 my mind traced over faces , trying to match one with the voice . 
 i knew it from somewhere . 
 `` please do n't hang up , but this is ameda . 
 i really need to talk to you . '' 
 my stomach twisted and my pulse accelerated . 
 what could she possibly want from me ? 
 she had stolen my entire life and everything i worked for . 
 was that not enough ? 
 maybe she and andrew were having problems and she wanted the ex 's perspective . 
 would n't that be rich ? 
 i rolled my eyes and laughed internally . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked , making my tone as acidic as possible . 
 `` andrew is missing ! 
 i have called everyone and no one has talked to him . 
 he was in bed when we laid down last night and then i woke up and all of his things were here , his car was here , but he was n't . 
 i thought maybe he might have gone to see you or called you . 
 as angry as that might make me , i am just really worried . 
 if he 's over there , would you please just go ahead and tell me ? '' 
 my mind played over last night 's nightmare . 
 i felt as if i would be sick . 
 what if it had been real ? 
 i tried to mask the rising panic in my voice as i went to reply , `` he 's not here . 
 i have n't spoken to him since that day in the hospital . 
 if this is your number , i can call you if i hear from him . '' 
 `` yes , i would appreciate that . 
 sorry to have bothered you , '' she said and then hung up , not waiting for a reply . 
 i sat there stunned . 
 every second of what i thought had been an illusion played back through my mind . 
 his tortured gazes , my short and cruel replies , everything made me sink further into my despair . 
 we had really been there and i had scoffed at him . 
 i could feel my growing self-hatred in every fiber of my being . 
 i had not moved to comfort him . 
 i had not said a kind word to bring down the terror . 
 he was out there somewhere in a parallel dimension because he had saved my life . 
 how i wished that he would have let her cut me into pieces . 
 more panic moved in as i wondered how i would ever tell anyone . 
 no one would believe me . 
 it would be just as before . 
 everyone would assume i had lost my mind . 
 everyone would work together to have me locked up . 
 the reality of it all crashed down on me and crushed any hope of peace ever returning again . 
 i got up off of my bed and ran back to the bathroom . 
 i stared at the mirror in disbelief . 
 why ? 
 i did n't understand . 
 why could n't my nightmare end ? 
 why could n't it have just stopped with me ? 
 i crawled up onto the sink and stared at myself in the glass ; tears streaming down my face that looked like it had aged overnight . 
 i lifted my hands to the glass and started bawling . 
 `` please take me instead . 
 give him back . 
 he has a life . 
 he has someone worrying about him . 
 why ca n't you just torture me ? 
 why ca n't it just stop with me ? 
 why ? '' 
 i sobbed and i waited , but there was no reply . 
 it was just a mirror and i was alone in the bathroom , alone in the world . 
 i wanted to rip my own skin off , not being able to stand being me . 
 i had lost him again , only more than before . 
 no one would ever see him again . 
 no one would ever see the way his smile reached his eyes and made them glow . 
 no one would ever hear his laugher , or see the peaceful way he looked when he slept . 
 he would never go on to make children and be the wonderful father i always knew that he would be . 
 he was forever gone and i had n't lifted a finger to stop it from happening . 
 it was enough to make me lose my mind . 
 months passed by and nothing happened . 
 there were no more blackened mirrors , no more hallucinations , no more anything . 
 it was just me and the unbearable despair that ruled my life . 
 the local news had done a report on andrew 's disappearance . 
 there were no leads , but no signs of foul play either . 
 he had just vanished without a trace . 
 people speculated that he had maybe broken the law and was on the run or that he had met someone and was too much of a coward to face ameda and get the divorce . 
 i knew the truth though . 
 i wanted to be locked up in some stocks like in medieval times and be stoned to death . 
 ameda had decided to move out of town . 
 i guess she could not handle the memories . 
 i probably would have left too if i thought i could ever outrun the feeling . 
 she could restart a life somewhere . 
 maybe her nightmares would fade in time . 
 that would be a luxury that i would never be granted . 
 when i got the news that she was leaving i called her up and i told her the truth . 
 i had to at least try to keep my promise to andrew . 
 i told her of what had went down that night , about the world that existed through the mirror , about how he had asked me to tell her that he loved her . 
 she had called me a crazy bitch and told me i was cruel . 
 she had hung up the phone crying . 
 i never heard from her again and neither did anyone else i knew . 
 over time people forgot . 
 the phone calls stopped , the search stopped , everything just stopped and life went on . 
 that is , life went on for everyone , but me . 
 every day i wake up to the same thing . 
 i go to work , i come home , i sit in the bathroom and wait for something to happen , to have the chance to set things right . 
 my own reflection taunts me and drives me mad . 
 i know that i should give up , but i ca n't . 
 he had saved me and i would sit in front of that mirror until the day i die just to know i did n't miss the opportunity to save him . 
 i shut out everyone . 
 i quit answering my phone . 
 i quit answering the door . 
 i felt dead inside and i lived as if i was . 
 i did not want anyone to know me . 
 i did not feel that i deserved to be a part of humanity . 
 i was a monster and no matter how sorry i was , nothing was going to change what had happened . 
 i went through the motions . 
 i smiled at the customers who came into my work , i paid my bills , i ate sometimes , i slept when possible , but that was all that existed for me . 
 the nightmares had become worse than ever . 
 there was never a morning where i did n't wake up screaming or crying . 
 strangely enough it was just the same thing over and over . 
 the night replays and i never do anything different . 
 the guilt was more than unbearable . 
 i wanted nothing more than to bleed myself dry and write i am sorry over and over again on the white walls of what used to be our bedroom in the blood that had betrayed him , but as he had said i would be spitting on what he had done for me if i hurt myself and i knew he was right . 
 i could not end it . 
 there would never be any relief and time was making no difference . 
 i could not bring myself to believe that i deserved anything more . 
 years had passed by . 
 everyone was gone from my life . 
 i stopped going to see family when the holidays came and they had given up on calling or inviting me anymore . 
 my friends had given up long prior . 
 the sounds of their concerned voices no longer rang out across my voicemail . 
 there were no more urgent text messages asking me if i was ok , if i was healthy , if there was anything they could do . 
 what could i say in return ? 
 i was beyond pretending that everything was ok . 
 i was beyond pretending that anything in the world held any joy or interest for me anymore . 
 the world , my friends , my family , they were all better off without me . 
 the stress had taken its toll on my appearance . 
 when i looked in the mirror , i no longer saw myself , but just some old dried up ghost of the person i used to be . 
 stress lines mapped across my face , telling stories of the horror i had seen , of the utter loss that i felt . 
 i could not even remember how to smile , or how it had felt to laugh . 
 all of the good memories had faded away and all i could remember was the look of his tear stained face . 
 that face still gnawed at my insides every time i remembered it . 
 the wound never healed , the pain never lessened . 
 i would spend my afternoons in front of the mirror wondering often if he was still alive . 
 what had happened to him on the other side of the mirror ? 
 i wondered what kind of life he led and if he had ever found a way to be happy . 
 i hoped somewhere in his heart of hearts he was able to forgive me for what had happened , for the way i had acted . 
 then again , how could he forgive me when i was unable to forgive myself ? 
 no one would ever know . 
 this was then end to my twisted fairy tale and there was no happy ending . 
 i was living in a perpetual nightmare that cycled over and over , never to end . 
 i would live life alone , and the secret would go with me to my grave . 
 andrew was gone because of me and that was to be my own personal hell until the day that the breath left my chest and my heart ceased to beat . 
 *** about the author traci smith lives in pennsylvania with her husband richard , their dog ceasar , and their cat luna in southwestern pennsylvania . 
 look for future projects at smashwords.com contact at : codenamespivey@verizon.net 
