 it 's so dark that for a while - just how long i do n't know - i think i 'm still unconscious . 
 then , slowly , it comes to me that unconscious people do n't have a sensation of movement through the dark , accompanied by a faint , rhythmic sound that can only be a squeaky wheel . 
 and i can feel contact , from the top of my head to the balls of my heels . 
 i can smell something that might be rubber or vinyl . 
 this is not unconsciousness , and there is something too ... too what ? 
 too rational about these sensations for it to be a dream . 
 then what is it ? 
 who am i ? 
 and what 's happening to me ? 
 the squeaky wheel quits its stupid rhythm and i stop moving . 
 there is a crackle around me from the rubbersmelling stuff . 
 a voice : `` which one did they say ? '' 
 a pause . 
 second voice : `` four , i think . 
 yeah , four . '' 
 we start to move again , but more slowly . 
 i can hear the faint scuff of feet now , probably in soft-soled shoes , maybe sneakers . 
 the owners of the voices are the owners of the shoes . 
 they stop me again . 
 there 's a thump followed by a faint whoosh . 
 it is , i think , the sound of a door with a pneumatic hinge being opened . 
 what 's going on here ? 
 i yell , but the yell is only in my head . 
 my lips do n't move . 
 i can feel them-and my tongue , lying on the floor of my mouth like a stunned mole-but i ca n't move them . 
 the thing i 'm on starts rolling again . 
 a moving bed ? 
 yes . 
 a gurney , in other words . 
 i 've had some experience with them , a long time ago , in lyndon johnson 's shitty little asian adventure . 
 it comes to me that i 'm in a hospital , that something bad has happened to me , something like the explosion that almost neutered me twenty-three years ago , and that i 'm going to be operated on . 
 there are a lot of answers in that idea , sensible ones , for the most part , but i do n't hurt anywhere . 
 except for the minor matter of being scared out of my wits , i feel fine . 
 and if these are orderlies wheeling me into an operating room , why ca n't i see ? 
 why ca n't i talk ? 
 a third voice : `` over here , boys . '' 
 my rolling bed is pushed in a new direction , and the question drumming in my head is what kind of a mess have i gotten myself into ? 
 does n't that depend on who you are ? 
 i ask myself , but that 's one thing , at least , i find i do know . 
 i 'm howard cottrell . 
 i 'm a stock broker known to some of my colleagues as howard the conqueror . 
 second voice -lrb- from just above my head -rrb- : `` you 're looking very pretty today , doc . '' 
 fourth voice -lrb- female , and cool -rrb- : ` it 's always nice to be validated by you , rusty . 
 could you hurry up a little ? 
 the baby-sitter expects me back by seven . 
 she 's committed to dinner with her parents . '' 
 back by seven , back by seven . 
 it 's still the afternoon , maybe , or early evening , but black in here , black as your hat , black as a woodchucks asshole , black as midnight in persia , and what 's going on ? 
 where have i been ? 
 what have i been doing ? 
 why have n't i been manning the phones ? 
 because it 's saturday , a voice from far down murmurs . 
 you were ... were ... a sound : whock ! 
 a sound i love . 
 a sound i more or less live for . 
 the sound of ... what ? 
 the head of a golf club , of course . 
 hitting a ball off the tee . 
 i stand , watching it fly off into the blue ... i 'm grabbed , shoulders and calves , and lifted . 
 it startles me terribly , and i try to scream . 
 no sound comes out ... or perhaps one does , a tiny squeak , much tinier than the one produced by the wheel below me . 
 probably not even that . 
 probably it 's just my imagination . 
 i 'm swung through the air in an envelope of blacknesshey , do n't drop me , i 've got a bad back ! 
 i try to say , and again there 's no movement of the lips or teeth ; my tongue goes on lying on the floor of my mouth , the mole maybe not just stunned but dead , and now i have a terrible thought , one that spikes fright a degree closer to panic : what if they put me down the wrong way and my tongue slides backward and blocks my windpipe ? 
 i wo n't be able to breathe ! 
 that 's what people mean when they say someone swallowed his tongue , is n't it ? 
 second voice -lrb- rusty -rrb- : `` you 'll like this one , doc , he looks like michael bolton . '' 
 female doc : `` who 's that ? '' 
 third voice-sounds like a young man , not much more than a teenager : `` he 's this white lounge singer who wants to be black . 
 i do n't think this is him . '' 
 what if i 'm dead ? 
 what if this is what death is like ? 
 it fits . 
 it fits everything with a horrid prophylactic snugness . 
 the dark . 
 the rubbery smell . 
 nowadays i am howard the conqueror , stock broker extraordinaire , terror of derry municipal country club , frequent habitue ` of what is known at golf courses all over the world as the nineteenth hole , but in '71 i was part of a medical assistance team in the mekong delta , a scared kid who sometimes woke up wet-eyed from dreams of the family dog , and all at once i know this feel , this smell . 
 dear god , i 'm in a body bag . 
 first voice : `` want to sign this , doc ? 
 remember to bear down hard-it 's three copies . '' 
 sound of a pen , scraping away on paper . 
 i imagine the owner of the first voice holding out a clipboard to the woman doctor . 
 oh dear jesus let me not be dead ! 
 i try to scream , and nothing comes out . 
 i 'm breathing , though ... are n't i ? 
 i mean , i ca n't feel myself doing it , but my lungs seem okay , they 're not throbbing or yelling for air the way they do when you 've swum too far underwater , so i must be okay , right ? 
 except if you 're dead , the deep voice murmurs , they would n't be crying out for air , would they ? 
 no-because dead lungs do n't need to breathe . 
 dead lungs can just kind of ... take it easy . 
 rusty : `` what are you doing next saturday night , doc ? '' 
 but if i 'm dead , how can i feel ? 
 how can i smell the bag i 'm in ? 
 how can i hear these voices , the doc now saying that next saturday night she 's going to be shampooing her dog , which is named rusty , what a coincidence , and all of them laughing ? 
 if i 'm dead , why are n't i either gone or in the white light they 're always - talking about on oprah ? 
 there 's a harsh ripping sound and all at once i am in white light ; it is blinding , like the sun breaking through a scrim of clouds on a winter day . 
 i try to squint my eyes shut against it , but nothing happens . 
 my eyelids are like blinds on broken rollers . 
 a face bends over me , blocking off part of the glare , which comes not from some dazzling astral plane but from a bank of overhead fluorescents . 
 the face belongs to a young , conventionally handsome man of about twenty-five ; he looks like one of those beach beefcakes on baywatch or melrose place . 
 marginally smarter , though . 
 he 's got a lot of black hair under a carelessly worn surgical greens cap . 
 he 's wearing the tunic , too . 
 his eyes are cobalt blue , the sort of eyes girls reputedly die for . 
 there are dusty arcs of freckles high up on his cheekbones . 
 `` hey , gosh , '' he says . 
 it 's the third voice . 
 `` this guy does look like michael bolton ! 
 a little long in the old tootharoo , maybe ... '' he leans closer . 
 one of the flat tie-ribbons at the neck of his green tunic tickles against my forehead . 
 `` but yeah . 
 i see it . 
 hey , michael , sing something . '' 
 help me ! 
 is what i 'm trying to sing , but i can only look up into his dark blue eyes with my frozen dead man 's stare ; i can only wonder if i am a dead man , if this is how it happens , if this is what everyone goes through after the pump quits . 
 if i 'm still alive , how come he has n't seen my pupils contract when the light hit them ? 
 but i know the answer to that ... or i think i do . 
 they did n't contract . 
 that 's why the glare from the fluorescents is so painful . 
 the tie , tickling across my forehead like a feather . 
 help me ! 
 i scream up at the baywatch beefcake , who is probably an intern or maybe just a med school brat . 
 help me , please ! 
 my lips do n't even quiver . 
 the face moves back , the tie stops tickling , and all that white light streams through my helpless-to-look-away eyes and into my brain . 
 it 's a hellish feeling , a kind of rape . 
 i 'll go blind if i have to stare into it for long , i think , and blindness will be a relief . 
 whock ! 
 the sound of the driver hitting the ball , but a little flat this time , and the feeling in the hands is bad . 
 the ball 's up ... but veering ... veering off ... veering toward ... shit . 
 i 'm in the rough . 
 now another face bends into my field of vision . 
 a white tunic instead of a green one below it , a great untidy mop of orange hair above it . 
 distress-sale iq is my first impression . 
 it can only be rusty . 
 he 's wearing a big dumb grin that i think of as a high-school grin , the grin of a kid who should have a tattoo reading `` born to snap bra straps '' on one wasted bicep . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 rusty exclaims . 
 `` jeez , ya lookin ' gooood ! 
 this ' z an honor ! 
 sing for us , big boy ! 
 sing your deadassoff ! '' 
 from somewhere behind me comes the doc 's voice , cool , no longer even pretending to be amused by these antics . 
 `` quit it , rusty . '' 
 then , in a slightly new direction : `` what 's the story , mike ? ' 
 i hear that sound in my head again - whom-only this time it is followed by another , far less pleasant sound : the rustle of underbrush as i sweep it with the head of my driver . 
 it would have to be fourteen , where there is reputedly poison ivy . 
 poison ivy and ... rusty is still peering down at me , stupid and avid . 
 it 's not death that interests him ; it 's my resemblance to michael bolton . 
 oh yes , i know about it , have not been above using it with certain female clients . 
 otherwise , it gets old in a hurry . 
 and in these circumstances ... god . 
 `` attending physician ? ' 
 the lady doc ; asks . 
 `` was it kazalian ? '' 
 `` no , '' mike says , and for just a moment he looks down at me . 
 older than rusty by at least ten years . 
 black hair with flecks of gray in it . 
 spectacles . 
 how come none of these ~ can see that i am not dead ? 
 `` there was a doc in the foursome that found him , actually . 
 that 's his signature on page one ... see ? '' 
 riffle : of paper , then : `` christ , jennings . 
 i know him . 
 he gave noah his physical after the ark grounded on mount ararat . '' 
 rusty does n't look as if he gets the joke , but he brays laughter into my face anyway . 
 i can smell onions on his breath , a little leftover lunchstink , and if i can smell onions , i must be breathing . 
 i must be , right ? 
 if only - before i can finish this thought , rusty leans even closer and i feel a blast of hope . 
 he 's seen something ! 
 he 's seen something and means to give me mouth-to-mouth . 
 god bless you , rusty ! 
 god bless you and your onion breath ! 
 but the stupid grin does n't change , and instead of putting his mouth on mine , his hand slips around my jaw . 
 - now he 's grasping one side with his thumb and the other side with his fingers . 
 `` he 's alive ! 
 - rusty cries . 
 `` he 's alive , and he 's gon na sing for the room four michael bolton fan club ! '' 
 his fingers pinch tighter-it hurts in a distant comingout-of-the-novocaine way-and begins to move my jaw up and down , clicking my teeth together . 
 `` if she 's ba-aaad , he ca n't see it , '' rusty sings in a hideous , atonal voice that would probably make percy sledge 's head explode . 
 `` she can do no wrrr-ongggg ... my teeth open and close at the rough urging of his hand ; my tongue rises and falls like a dead dog riding the surface of an uneasy waterbed . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 the lady doc snaps at him . 
 she sounds genuinely shocked . 
 rusty , perhaps sensing this , does not stop but goes gleefully on . 
 his fingers are pinching into my cheeks now . 
 my frozen eyes stare blindly upward . 
 `` turn his back on his best friend if she put him d - '' then she 's there , a woman in a green gown with her cap tied around her throat and hanging down her back like the cisco kid 's sombrero , short brown hair swept back from her brow , good-looking but severe-more handsome than pretty . 
 she grabs rusty with one short-nailed hand and pulls him back from me . 
 `` hey '' rusty says , indignant . 
 `` get your hands off me ! '' 
 `` then you keep your hands off him , '' she says , and there is no mistaking the anger in her voice . 
 `` i 'm tired of your sophomore class wit , rusty , and the next time you start in , i 'm going to report you . '' 
 `` hey , let 's all calm down , '' says the baywatch hunk doc 's assistant . 
 he sounds alarmed , as if he expects rusty and his boss to start duking it out right here . 
 `` let 's just put a lid on it . '' 
 `` why 's she bein ' such a bitch to me ? '' 
 rusty says . 
 he 's still trying to sound indignant , but he 's actually whining now . 
 then , in a slightly different direction : `` why you being such a bitch ? 
 you on your period , is that it ? '' 
 doc , sounding disgusted : `` get him out of here . 
 sign the log . '' 
 mike : `` come on , rusty . 
 let 's go rusty : `` yeah . 
 and get some fresh air . '' 
 me , listening to all this like it was on the radio . 
 their feet , squeaking toward the door . 
 rusty now all huffy and offended , asking her why she does n't just wear a mood ring or something so people will know . 
 soft shoes squeaking on tile , and suddenly that sound is replaced by the sound of my driver , beating the bush for my goddam ball , where is it , it did n't go too far in , i 'm sure of it , so where is it , jesus , i hate fourteen , supposedly there 's poison i ivy , and with all this underbrush , there could easily be - and then something bit me , did n't it ? 
 yes , i 'm almost sure it did . 
 on the left calf , just above the top of my whit athletic sock . 
 a red-hot darning needle of pain , perfectly concentrated at first , then spreading ... ... then darkness . 
 until the gurney , zipped up snug inside a body bag and listening to mike -lrb- `` which one did they say ? ' -rrb- 
 and rusty -lrb- `` four , i think . 
 yeah , four . '' -rrb- 
 `` i hate that jerk , '' she says when the door is closed . 
 now it 's just the three of us , only of course ms. cisco kid thinks it 's just the two of them . 
 `` why do i always get the jerks , peter ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' mr. melrose place says , `` but rusty 's a special case , even in the annals of famous jerks . 
 walking brain death . 
 -- she laughs , and something clanks . 
 the clank is followed by a sound that scares me badly : steel instruments clicking together . 
 they are of to the left of me , and although i ca n't see them , i know what they 're getting ready to do : the autopsy . 
 they are getting ready to cut into me . 
 they intend to remove howard cottrell 's heart and see if it blew a piston or threw a rod . 
 my leg ! 
 i scream inside my head . 
 look at my left leg , that 's the trouble , not my heart . ! 
 perhaps my eyes have adjusted a little , after all . 
 now i can see , at the very top of my vision , a stainless steel armature . 
 it looks like a giant piece of dental equipment , except that thing at the end is n't a drill . 
 it 's a saw . 
 from someplace deep inside , where the brain stores the sort of trivia you only need if you happen to be playing jeopardy! on tv , i even come up with the name . 
 it 's a gigh saw . 
 they use it to cut of the top of your skull . 
 this is after they 've pulled your face off like a kid 's halloween mask , of course , hair and all . 
 then they take out your brain . 
 clink . 
 clink . 
 clunk . 
 a pause . 
 then a clank ! 
 so loud i 'd jump if i were capable of jumping . 
 `` do you want to do the pericardial cut ? '' 
 she asks . 
 pete , cautious : `` do you want me to ? '' 
 dr. cisco , sounding pleasant , sounding like someone who is conferring a favor and a responsibility : `` yes , i think so . '' 
 `` all right , '' he says . 
 `` you 'll assist ? '' 
 `` your trusty copilot , '' she says , and laughs . 
 she punctuates her laughter with a snick-snick sound . 
 it 's the sound of scissors cutting the air . 
 now panic beats and flutters inside my skull like a flock of starlings locked in an attic . 
 the nam was a long time ago , but i saw half a dozen field autopsies there-what the doctors used to call '' tent-show postmortems - - and i know what cisco and pancho mean to do . 
 the scissors have long sharp blades , very sharp blades , and fat finger holes . 
 still , you have to be strong to use them . 
 the lower blade slides into the gut like butter . 
 then , snip , up through the bundle of nerves at the solar plexus and into the beef-jerky weave of muscle and tendon above it . 
 then into the sternum . 
 when , the blades come together this time , they do so with a heavy crunch as the bone parts and the ribcage pops apart like a couple of barrels that have been lashed together with twine . 
 then on up with those scissors that look like nothing so much as the poultry shears supermarket butchers usesnip-crunch , snip-crunch , snip-crunch , splitting bone and shearing muscle , freeing the lungs , heading for the trachea , turning howard the conqueror into a thanksgiving dinner no one will eat . 
 a thin , nagging whine-this does sound like a dentist 's drill . 
 pete : `` can i - ? '' 
 dr. cisco , actually sounding a bit maternal : `` no . 
 these . '' 
 snick-snick . 
 demonstrating for him . 
 they ca n't do this , i think . 
 they ca n't cut me up i can feel ! 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asks . 
 because that 's the way i want it , '' she says , sounding a lot less maternal . 
 `` when you 're on your own , petie-boy , you can do what you want . 
 but in katie arlen 's autopsy room , you start off with the pericardial shears . '' 
 autopsy room . 
 there . 
 it 's out . 
 i want to be all over goosebumps , but of course , nothing happens ; my flesh remains smooth . 
 `` remernber , '' , dr. arlen . 
 says -lrb- but now she 's actually lecturing -rrb- , `` any fool can learn how to use a milking machine ... but the hands-on procedure is always best . '' 
 there is something vaguely suggestive in her tone . 
 `` okay ? ' 
 `` okay , '' he says . 
 they 're going to do it . 
 i have to make some kind of noise in or movement , or they 're really going to do it . 
 if blood flows or jets up from the first punch of the scissors they 'll know something 's wrong , but by then it will be too late , very likely ; that first snip-crunch will have happened , and my ribs will be lying against my upper arms , my heart pulsing frantically away under the fluorescents in its blood-glossy sac - i concentrate everything on my chest . 
 i push , or try to ... and something happens . 
 i make a sound ! 
 it 's mostly inside my closed mouth , but i can also hear and feel it in my nose-a low hum . 
 concentrating , summoning every bit of effort , i do it again , and this time the sound is a little stronger , leaking out of my nostrils like cigarette smoke : nnnnnnn - it makes me think of an old alfred hitchcock tv program i saw a long , long time ago , where joseph cotton was paralyzed in a car crash and was finally able to let them know he was still alive by crying a single tear . 
 and if nothing else , that minuscule mosquito-whine of a sound has proved to myself that i 'm alive , that i 'm not just a spirit lingering inside the clay effigy of my own dead body . 
 focusing all my concentration , i can feel breath slipping through my nose and down my throat , replacing the breath i have now expended , and then i send it out again , working harder than i ever worked summers for the lane construction company when i was a teenager , working harder than i have ever worked in my life , because now i 'm working for my life and they must hear me , dear jesus , they must . 
 nnnnn - `` you want some music ? '' 
 the woman doctor asks . 
 `` i 've got marty stuart , tony bennett - '' he makes a despairing sound . 
 i barely hear it , and take no immediate meaning from what she 's saying ... which is probably a mercy . 
 `` all right , '' she says , laughing . 
 `` i 've also got the rolling stones . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` me . 
 i 'm not quite as square as i look , peter . '' 
 `` i did n't mean ... - he sounds flustered . 
 listen to me ! '' 
 i scream inside my head as my frozen eyes stare up into the icy-white light . 
 stop chattering like magpies and listen to me ! 
 i can feel more air trickling down my throat and the idea occurs that whatever has happened to me may be starting to wear off ... but it 's only a faint blip on the screen of my now thoughts . 
 maybe it is wearing off , but very soon now recovery will cease to be an option for me . 
 all my energy is bent toward making them hear me , and this time they will hear me i know it . 
 `` stones , then '' , she says . 
 `` unless you want me to run out , and get a michael . 
 bolton cd in honor of your first pericardial '' please , no ! '' 
 he cries , and they both laugh . 
 the sound starts to come out , and it is louder this time . 
 not as loud as i 'd hoped , but loud enough . 
 surely loud enough . 
 they 'll hear , they must . 
 then , just as i begin to force the sound out of my nose like some rapidly solidifying liquid , the room is filled with a blare of fuzz-tone guitar and mick jagger 's voice bashing off the walls '' `` awww , no it 's only rock and roll , but i liyyyke it ... '' `` turn it down ! '' 
 dr. cisco yells , comically 0vershouting , and amid these noises my own nasal sound , a desperate little humming through my nostrils , is no more audible than a whisper in a foundry . 
 now her face bends over me again and i feel fresh horror as i see that she 's wearing a plexi eyeshield and a gauze mask over her mouth . 
 she glances back over her shoulder . 
 `` i 'll strip him for you , '' she tells pete , and bends toward me with a scalpel glittering in one gloved hand , bends toward me through the guitar thunder of the rolling stones . 
 i hum desperately , but it 's no good . 
 i ca n't even hear myself . 
 the scalpel hovers , then cuts . 
 i am lifted . 
 my head lolls back and for a moment i see pete upside down , donning his own plexi eyeshield as he stands by a steel counter , inventorying a horrifying array of tools . 
 chief among them are the oversized scissors . 
 i get just a glimpse of them , of blades glittering like merciless satin . 
 then i am laid flat again and my shirt is gone . 
 i 'm now naked to the waist . 
 it 's cold in the room . 
 look at my chest ! 
 i scream at her . 
 you must see it rise and fall , no matter how shallow my respiration is ! 
 you 're a goddam expert , for christ 's sake '' instead , she looks across the room , raising her voice to be heard above the music . 
 -lrb- `` i like it , like it , yes i do , '' the stones sing , and i think i will hear that nasal idiot chorus in the halls of hell through all eternity . -rrb- 
 `` what 's your pick ? 
 boxers or jockeys ? '' 
 with a mixture of horror and rage , i realize what they 're talking about . 
 `` boxers '' ' he calls back . 
 `` of course ! 
 just take a look at the guy ! '' 
 asshole ! 
 i want to scream . 
 you probably think everyone over forty wears boxer shorts ! 
 you probably think when you get to be forty , you 'll - she unsnaps my bermudas and pulls down the zipper . 
 under other circumstances , having a woman as pretty as this -lrb- a little severe , yes , but still pretty -rrb- do that would make me extremely happy . 
 today , however - `` you lose , petie-boy , '' she says . 
 `` jockeys . 
 dollar in the kitty . '' 
 `` on payday , '' he says , coming over . 
 his face joins hers ; they look down at me through their plexi masks like a couple of space aliens looking down at an abductee . 
 i try to make them see my eyes , to see me looking at them , but these two fools are looking at my undershorts . 
 `` ooooh , and red , '' pete says . 
 `` a sha-vinguh ! '' 
 `` i call them more of a wash pink , '' she replies . 
 hold him up for me , peter , he weighs a ton . 
 no wonder he had a heart attack . 
 let this be a lesson to you . 
 i 'm in shape ! 
 i yell at her . 
 probbably in better shape than you , bitch ! 
 my hips are suddenly jerked upward by strong hands . 
 my back cracks ; the sound makes my heart leap . 
 `` sorry , guy , '' pete says , and suddenly i 'm colder than ever as my shorts and red underpants are pulled down . 
 `` upsa-daisy once , '' she says , lifting one foot , and upsa-daisy twice , lifting the other foot off come the mocs , and off come the socks - '' she stops abruptly , and hope seizes me once more . 
 `` hey , pete . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 do guys ordinarily wear bermuda shorts and moccasins to golf in ? '' 
 behind her -lrb- except that 's only the source , actually it 's all around us -rrb- the rolling stones have moved on to `` emotional rescue . '' . 
 `` i will be your knight in shining ahh-mah , '' mick jagger sings , and i wonder how funky held dance with about three sticks of hi-core dynamite jammed up his skinny ass . 
 `` if you ask me , this guy was just asking for trouble '' she goes on . 
 `` i thought they had these special shoes , very ugly , very golf-specific , with little knobs on the soles - '' `` yeah , but wearing them 's not the law , '' pete says . 
 he holds his gloved hands out over my upturned face , slides them together , and bends the fingers back . 
 as the knuckles crack , talcum powder sprinkles down like fine snow . 
 `` at least not yet . 
 not like bowling shoes . 
 they catch you bowling without a pair of bowling shoes , they can send you to state prison . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you want to handle temp and gross examination ? '' 
 he looks at her as if this same thought had crossed his own mind . 
 `` that 's ... um ... not strictly legal , is it , katie ? 
 i mean ... '' she looks around as he speaks , giving the room a burlesque examination , and i 'm starting to get a vibe that could be very bad news for me : severe or not , i think that ciscoalias dr. katie arlen-has got the hots for petie with the dark blue eyes . 
 dear christ , they have hauled me paralyzed off the golf course and into an episode of general hospital , this week 's subplot titled `` love blooms in autopsy room four . '' 
 `` gee , '' she says in a hoarse little stage whisper . 
 `` i do n't see anyone here but you and me . '' 
 `` the tape - '' `` not rolling yet , '' she says . 
 `` and once it is , i 'm right at your elbow every step of the way ... as far as anyone will ever know , anyway . 
 and mostly i will be . 
 i just want to put away those charts and slides . 
 and if you really feel uncomfortable - '' yes ! 
 i scream up at him out of my unmoving face . 
 feel uncomfortable ! 
 very uncomfortable ! 
 too uncomfortable ! 
 but he 's twenty-four at most and what 's he going to say to this pretty , severe woman who 's standing inside his space , invading it in a way that can really only mean one thing ? 
 no , mommy , i 'm scared ? 
 besides , he wants to . 
 i can see the wanting through the plexi eyeshield , bopping around in there like a bunch of overage punk rockers pogoing to the stones . 
 `` hey , as long as you 'll cover for me if - '' `` sure , '' she says . 
 `` got to get your feet wet sometime , peter . 
 and if you really need me to , i 'll roll back the tape . '' 
 he looks startled . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` ve haff many see-grets in autopsy room four , mein herr . '' 
 `` i bet you do , '' he says , smiling back , then reaches past my frozen field of vision . 
 when his hand comes back , it 's wrapped around a microphone which hangs down from the ceiling on a black cord . 
 the mike looks like a steel teardrop . 
 seeing it there makes this horror real in a way it was n't before . 
 surely they wo n't really cut me up , will they ? 
 pete is no veteran , but he has had training ; surely he 'll see the marks of whatever bit me while i was looking for my ball in the rough , and then they 'll at least suspect . 
 they 'll have to suspect . 
 yet i keep seeing the scissors with their heartless satin shine-jumped-up poultry shears and i keep wondering if i will still be alive when he takes my heart out of my chest cavity and holds it up , dripping , in front of my locked gaze for a moment before turning it to plop it into the weighing pan . 
 i could be , it seems to me ; i really could be . 
 do n't they say the brain can remain conscious for up to three minutes after the heart stops ? 
 `` ready , doctor , '' pete says , and now he sounds almost formal . 
 somewhere , tape is rolling . 
 the autopsy procedure has begun . 
 let 's flip this pancake , '' she says cheerfully , and i am turned over just that efficiently - my right arm goes flying out to one side and then falls back against the side of the table , hanging down with the raised metal lip digging into the biceps . 
 it hurts a lot , the pain is just short of excruciating , but i do n't mind . 
 i pray for the lip to bite through my skin , pray to bleed , something bona fide corpses do n't do . 
 `` whoops-a-daisy , '' dr. arlen says . 
 she lifts my arm up and plops it back down at my side . 
 now it 's my nose i 'm most aware of . 
 it 's smashed down against the table , and my lungs for the first time send out a distress message-a cottony , deprived feeling . 
 my mouth is closed , my nose partially crushed shut -lrb- just how much i ca n't tell ; i ca n't even feel myself breathing , not really -rrb- . 
 what if i suffocate like this ? 
 then something happens that takes my mind completely off my nose . 
 a huge object - it feels like a glass baseball bat - is rammed rudely up my rectum . 
 once more i try to scream and can produce only the faint , wretched humming . 
 `` temp in , '' peter says . 
 `` i 've put on the timer . '' 
 `` good idea , '' she says , moving away . 
 giving him room . 
 letting him test-drive this baby . 
 letting him test-drive me . 
 the music is turned down slightly . 
 `` subject is a white caucasian , age forty-four , '' pete says , speaking for the mike now , speaking for posterity . 
 `` his name is howard randolph cottrell , residence is 1566 laurel crest lane , here in derry . '' 
 dr. arlen , at some distance : `` mary mead . '' 
 a pause , then pete again , sounding just a tiny bit flustered : `` dr. arlen informs me that the subject actually lives in mary mead , which split off from derry in - '' dear god , what have they stuck up my ass ? 
 some sort of cattle thermometer ? 
 if it was a little longer , i think , i could taste the bulb at the end . 
 and they did n't exactly go crazy with the lubricant ... but then , why would they ? 
 i 'm dead , after all . 
 dead . 
 `` sorry , doctor , '' pete says . 
 he fumbles mentally for his place and eventually finds it . 
 `` this information is from the ambulance form . 
 mode of transmittal was maine driver 's license . 
 pronouncing doctor was , um frank jennings . 
 subject was pronounced at the scene . '' 
 now it 's my nose that i 'm hoping will bleed . 
 please , i tell it , bleed . 
 only do n't just bleed . 
 gush . 
 it does n't . 
 `` cause of death may be a heart attack , '' peter says . 
 a light hand brushes down my naked back to the crack of my ass . 
 i pray it will remove the thermometer , but it does n't . 
 `` spine appears to be intact , no attractable phenomena . '' 
 attractable phenomena ? 
 attractable phenomena ? 
 what the fuck do they think i am , a buglight ? 
 he lifts my head , the pads of his fingers on my cheekbones , and i hum desperately-nnnnnnnnn-knowing that he ca n't possibly hear me over keith richards ' screaming guitar but hoping he may feel the sound vibrating in my nasal passages . 
 he does n't . 
 instead he turns my head from side to side . 
 `` no neck injury apparent , no rigor , '' he says , and i hope he will just let my head go , let my face smack down onto the table-that 'll make my nose bleed , unless i really am dead-but he lowers it gently , considerately , mashing the tip again and once more making suffocation seem a distinct possibility . 
 `` no wounds visible on the back or buttocks , '' he says , `` although there 's an old scar on the upper right thigh that looks like some sort of wound , shrapnel perhaps . 
 it 's an ugly one . '' 
 it was ugly , and it was shrapnel . 
 the end of my war . 
 a mortar shell lobbed into a supply area , two men killed , one man-me-lucky . 
 it 's a lot uglier around front , and in a more sensitive spot , but all the equipment works ... or did , up until today . 
 a quarter of an inch to the left and they could have fixed me up with a hand pump and a co , cartridge for those intimate moments . 
 he finally plucks the thermometer out-oh dear god , the relief-and on the wall i can see his shadow holding it up . 
 `` ninety-four point two , '' he says . 
 `` gee , that ai n't too shabby . 
 this guy could almost be alive , katie ... dr. arlen . '' 
 `` remember where they found him , '' she says from across the room . 
 the record they are listening to is between selections , and for a moment i can hear her lecturely tones clearly . 
 `` golf course ? 
 summer afternoon ? 
 if you 'd gotten a reading of ninety - . 
 eight point six , i would not be surprised . '' 
 `` right , right , '' he says , sounding chastened . 
 then : `` is all this going to sound funny on the tape ? '' 
 translation : will i sound stupid on the tape ? 
 `` it 'll sound like a teaching situation , '' she says , `` which is what it is '' . 
 `` okay , good . 
 great . '' 
 his rubber-tipped fingers spread my buttocks , then let them go and trail down the backs of my thighs . 
 i would tense now , if i were capable of tensing . 
 left leg , i send to him . 
 left leg , petie-boy , left calf see it ? 
 he must see it , he must , because i can feel it , throbbing like a bee sting or maybe a shot given by a clumsy nurse , one who infuses the injection into a muscle instead of hitting the vein . 
 `` subject is a really good example of what a really bad is idea it is to play golf in shorts , '' he says , and i find myself wishing he had been born blind . 
 hell , maybe he was born blind , he 's sure acting it . 
 `` i 'm seeing all kinds of bug bites , chigger bites , scratches ... '' `` mike said they found him in the rough , '' arlen calls over . 
 she 's making one hell of a clatter ; it sounds like she 's doing dishes in a cafeteria kitchen instead of filing stuff . 
 `` at a guess , he had a heart attack while he was looking for his ball . '' 
 `` uh-huh . . 
 `` keep going , peter , you 're doing fine . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 more pokes and proddings . 
 gentle . 
 too gentle , maybe . 
 `` there are mosquito bites on the left calf that look infected , '' he says , and although his touch remains gentle , this time the pain is an enormous throb that would make me scream if i were capable of making any sound above the low-pitched hum . 
 it occurs to me suddenly that my life may hang upon the length of the rolling stones tape they 're listening to ... always assuming it is a tape and not a cd that plays straight through . 
 if it finishes before they cut into me ... if i can hum loudly enough for them to hear before one of them turns it over to the other side ... `` i may want to look at the bug bites after the gross autopsy , '' she says , `` although if we 're right about his heart , there 'll be no need . 
 or do you want me to look now ? 
 they worrying you ? '' 
 `` nope , they 're pretty clearly mosquito bites , '' gimpel the fool says . 
 `` they grow 'em big over on the west side . 
 he 's got five ... seven ... eight ... jeez , almost a dozen on his left leg alone . '' 
 `` he forgot his deep woods off . '' 
 `` never mind the off , he forgot his digitalin , '' he says , and they have a nice little yock together , autopsy room humor . 
 this time he flips me by himself , probably happy to use those gym-grown mr. strongboy muscles of his , hiding the snakebites and the mosquito bites all around them , camouflaging them . 
 i 'm staring up into the bank of fluorescents again . 
 pete steps backward , out of my view . 
 there 's a humming noise . 
 the table begins to slant , and i know why . 
 when they cut me open , the fluids will run downhill to collection points at its base . 
 plenty of samples for the state lab in augusta , should there be any questions raised by the autopsy . 
 i focus all my will and effort on closing my eyes while he 's looking down into my face , and can not produce even a tie . 
 all i wanted was eighteen holes of golf on saturday afternoon , and instead i turned into snow white with hair on my chest . 
 and i ca n't stop wondering what it 's going to feel like when those poultry shears go sliding into my midsection . 
 pete has a clipboard in one hand . 
 he consults it , sets it aside , then speaks into the mike . 
 his voice is a lot less stilted now . 
 he has just made the most hideous misdiagnosis of his life , but he does n't know it , and so he 's starting to warm up . . 
 ii am commencing the autopsy at five forty-nine p.m. , '' he says , `` on saturday , august twenty , nineteen ninety-four . '' 
 he lifts my . 
 lips , looks at my teeth like a man thinking about buying a horse , then pulls my jaw down . 
 good color , '' he says , `` and no petechiae on the cheeks . '' 
 the current tune is fading out of the speakers and i hear a click as he steps on the foot pedal which pauses the recording tape . 
 `` man , this guy really could still be alive ! '' 
 i hum frantically , and at that same moment dr. arlen drops something that sounds like a bedpan . 
 `` does n't he wish , '' she says , laughing . 
 he joins in and this time it 's cancer i wish on them , some kind that is inoperable and lasts a long time . 
 - he goes quickly down my body , feeling up my chest -lrb- `` no bruising , swelling , or other exterior signs of cardiac arrest , '' he says , and what a big fucking surprise that is -rrb- , then palpates my belly . 
 i burp . 
 he looks at me , eyes widening , mouth dropping open a little , and again i try desperately to hum , knowing he wo n't hear it over `` start me up '' but thinking that maybe , along with the burp , he 'll finally be ready to see what 's right in front of him . 
 `` excuse yourself , howie , '' dr. arlen , that bitch , says from behind me , and chuckles , `` better watch out , pete those postmortem belches are the worst . '' 
 he theatrically fans the air in front of his face , then goes back to what he 's doing . 
 he barely touches my groin , although he remarks that the scar on the back of my right leg continues around to the front . 
 missed the big one , though , i think , maybe because it 's a little higher than you 're looking . 
 no big deal , my little baywatch buddy , but you also missed the fact that i 'm still alive , and that is a big deal ! 
 he goes on chanting into the microphone , sounding more and more at ease -lrb- sounding , in fact , a little like jack klugman on quincy , me . -rrb- 
 , and i know his partner over there behind me , the pollyanna of the medical community , is n't thinking she 'll have to roll the tape back over this part of the exam . 
 other than missing the fact that his first pericardial is still alive , the kid 's doing a great job . 
 at last he says , `` i think i 'm ready to go on , doctor . '' 
 he sounds tentative , though . 
 she comes over , looks briefly down at me , then squeezes pete 's shoulder . 
 `` okay , '' she says . 
 `` on-na wid-da show ! '' 
 now i 'm trying to stick my tongue out . 
 just that simple kid 's gesture of impudence , but it would be enough ... and it seems to me i can feel a faint prickling sensation deep within my lips , the feeling you get when you 're finally starting to come out of a heavy dose of novocaine . 
 and i can feel a twitch ? 
 no , wishful thinking , just - yes ! 
 yes ! 
 but a twitch is all , and the second time i try nothing happens . 
 hold a mirror in front of my nose ! 
 i scream at them . 
 watch it fog up ! 
 ca n't you at least do that ? 
 snick , snick , snickety-snick . 
 pete turns the scissors at an angle so the light runs down the blade , and for the first time i 'm certain , really certain , that this mad charade is going to go all the way through to the end . 
 the director is n't going to freeze the frame . 
 the ref is n't going to stop the fight in the tenth round . 
 we 're not going to pause for a word from our sponsors . 
 petie-boy 's going to slide those scissors into my gut while i lie here helpless , and then he 's going to open me up like a mailorder package from the horchow collection . 
 he looks hesitantly at dr. arlen . 
 no ! 
 i howl , my voice reverberating off the dark walls of my skull but emerging from my mouth not at all . 
 no , please no ! 
 she nods . 
 `` go ahead . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 `` uh ... you want to turn off the music ? '' 
 yes ! 
 yes , turn it off . 
 `` is it bothering you . 
 yes ! 
 it 's bothering him ! 
 it 's fucked him up so completely he thinks his patient is dead ! 
 `` well ... '' `` sure , '' she says , and disappears from my field of vision . 
 a moment later mick and keith are finally gone . 
 i try to make the humming noise and discover a horrible thing : now i ca n't even do that . 
 i 'm too scared . 
 fright has locked down my vocal cords . 
 i can only stare up as she rejoins him , the two of them gazing -rrb- , down at me like pallbearers looking into an open grave . 
 `` thanks , '' he says . 
 then he takes a deep breath and lifts the scissors . 
 `` commencing pericardial cut . '' 
 he slowly brings them down . 
 i see them ... see them ... then they 're gone from my field of vision . 
 a long moment later , i feel cold steel nestle against my naked upper belly . 
 he looks doubtfully at the doctor . 
 `` are you sure you do n't - '' `` do you want to make this your field or not , peter ? '' 
 she asks him with some asperity . 
 `` you know i do , but - '' `` then cut . '' 
 he nods , lips firming . 
 i would close my eyes if i could , but of course i can not even do that ; i can only steel myself against the pain that 's only a second or two away , now steel myself for the steel . 
 `` cutting , '' he says , bending forward . 
 `` wait a sec ! '' 
 she cries . 
 the dimple of pressure just below my solar plexus eases a little . 
 he looks around at her , surprised , upset , maybe relieved that the crucial moment has been put of - i feel her rubber-gloved hand slide around my penis as if she means to give me some bizarre handjob , safe sex with the dead , and then she says , `` you missed this one , pete . '' 
 her hand is still holding my cock , holding it out of the way , that 's all she 's doing , as far as she 's concerned she might as well be holding up a sofa cushion so someone else can see the treasure she 's found beneath it-coins , a lost wallet , maybe the catnip mouse you have n't been able to find-but something is happening . 
 dear wheelchair jesus on a chariot-driven crutch , something is happening . 
 `` and look , '' she says . 
 her finger strokes a light , tickly line down the side of my right testicle . 
 `` look at these hairline scars . 
 his testes must have swollen up to damned near the size of grapefruits . '' 
 `` lucky he did n't lose one or both . '' 
 `` you bet your ... you bet your you-knows , '' she says , and laughs that mildly suggestive laugh again . 
 her gloved hand loosens , moves , then pushes down firmly , trying to clear the viewing area . 
 she is doing by accident what you might pay twentyfive or thirty bucks to have done on purpose ... under other circumstances , of course . 
 `` this is a war wound , i think . 
 hand me that magnifier , pete . '' 
 `` but should n't i - '' `` in a few seconds , '' she says . 
 `` he 's not going anywhere . 
 she 's totally absorbed by what she 's found . 
 her hand is still on me , still pressing down , and what was happening feels like it 's still happening , but maybe i 'm wrong . 
 i must be wrong , or he would see it , she would feel it . 
 she bends down and now i can see only her green-clad back . 
 with the ties from her cap trailing down it like odd pigtails . 
 now , oh my , i can feel her breath on me down there . 
 `` notice the outward radiation , '' she says . 
 `` it was a blast wound of some sort , probably ten years ago at least , we could check his military rec - '' the door bursts open . 
 pete cries out in surprise . 
 dr. arlen does n't , but her hand tightens involuntarily , she 's gripping me again and it 's all at once like a hellish variation of the old naughty nurse fantasy . 
 `` do n't cut ` im up ! '' 
 someone screams , and his voice is so high and wavery with fright that i barely recognize rusty . 
 `` do n't cut ` im up , there was a snake in his golfbag and it bit mike ! '' 
 they turn to him , eyes wide , jaws dropped ; her hand is still gripping me , but she 's no more aware of that , at least for the time being , than petie-boy is aware that he 's got one hand clutching the left breast of his scrub gown . 
 he looks like he 's the one with the clapped-out fuel pump . 
 ` what ... what are you ... '' pete begins . 
 `` knocked him flat ! '' 
 rusty was saying-babbling . 
 `` he 's gon na be okay , i guess , but he can hardly talk ! ' 
 little brown snake , i never saw one like it in my life , it went under the loadin ' bay , it 's under there right now , but that 's not the important part ! 
 i think it already bit that guy we brought in . 
 i think ... holy shit , doc , whatja tryin ' to do ? 
 stroke ` im back to life ? '' 
 she looks around , dazed , at first not sure of what he 's talking about ... until she realizes that she 's now holding a mostly erect penis . 
 and as she screams-screams and snatches the shears out of pete 's limp gloved hand-i find myself thinking again of that old alfred hitchcock tv show . 
 poor old joseph cotton , i think . 
 he only got to cry . 
 afternote it 's been a year since my experience in autopsy room four , and i have made a complete recovery , although the paralysis was both stubborn and scary ; it was a full month before i began to recover the finer motions of my fingers and toes . 
 i still ca n't play the piano , but then , of course , i never could . 
 that is a joke , and i make no apologies for it . 
 in the first three months after my misadventure , i think that my ability to joke provided a slim but vital margin between sanity and some sort of nervous breakdown . 
 unless you 've actually felt the tip of a pair of postmortem shears poking into your stomach , you do n't know what i mean . 
 two weeks or so after my close call , a woman on dupont street called the derry police to complain of a `` foul stink '' coming from the house next door . 
 that house belonged to a bachelor bank clerk named walter kerr . 
 police found the house empty ... of human life , that is . 
 they found over sixty snakes of different varieties . 
 about half of them were dead-starvation and dehydration , but many were extremely lively ... and extremely dangerous . 
 several were very rare , and one was of a species believed to have been extinct since mid-century , according to consulting zoologists . 
 kerr failed to show up for work at derry community bank on august 22 , two days after i was bitten , one day after the story -lrb- `` paralyzed man escapes deadly autopsy , '' the headline read ; at one point i was quoted as saying i had been `` scared stiff '' -rrb- broke in the press . 
 there was a snake for every cage in kerr 's basement menagerie ... except for one . 
 the empty cage was unmarked , and the snake that popped out of my golf bag -lrb- the ambulance orderlies had packed it in with my `` corpse '' and had been practicing chip shots out in the ambulance parking area -rrb- was never found . 
 the toxin in my bloodstream-the same toxin found to a far lesser degree in orderly mike hopper 's bloodstream-was documented but never identified . 
 i have looked at a great many pictures of snakes in the last year , and have found at least one that has reportedly caused cases of full-body paralysis in humans . 
 this is the peruvian boomslang , a nasty viper that has supposedly been extinct since the i920s . 
 dupont street is less than half a mile from the derry municipal golf course . 
 most of the intervening land consists of scrub woods and vacant lots . 
 one final note . 
 katie arlen and i dated for four months , november i994 through february of i995 . 
 we broke it off by mutual consent , due to sexual incompatibility . 
