 fedship asn/29 fell out of the sky and crashed . 
 after a while two men slipped from its cloven skull like brains . 
 they walked a little way and then stood , helmets beneath their arms , and looked at where they had finished up . 
 it was a beach in no need of an ocean - it was its own ocean , a sculpted sea of sand , a black-and-white-snapshot sea frozen forever in troughs and crests and more troughs and crests . 
 dunes . 
 shallow ones , steep ones , smooth ones , corrugated ones . 
 knife-crested dunes , plane-crested dunes , irregularly crested dunes that resembled dunes piled on dunes - dune-dominoes . 
 dunes . 
 but no ocean . 
 the valleys which were the troughs between these dunes snaked in mazy black rat-runs . 
 if one looked at those twisting lines long enough , they might seem to spell words - black words hovering over the white dunes . 
 `` fuck , '' shapiro said . 
 `` bend over , '' rand said . 
 shapiro started to spit , then thought better of it . 
 looking at all that sand made him think better of it . 
 this was not the time to go wasting moisture , perhaps . 
 half-buried in the sand , asn/29 did n't look like a dying bird anymore ; it looked like a gourd that had broken open and disclosed rot inside . 
 there had been a fire . 
 the starboard fuel-pods had all exploded . 
 `` too bad about grimes , '' shapiro said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 rand 's eyes were still roaming the sand sea , out to the limiting line of the horizon and then coming back again . 
 it was too bad about grimes . 
 grimes was dead . 
 grimes was now nothing but large chunks and small chunks in the aft storage compartment . 
 shapiro had looked in and thought : it looks like god decided to eat grimes , found out he did n't taste good , and sicked him up again . 
 that had been too much for shapiro 's own stomach . 
 that , and the sight of grimes 's teeth scattered across the floor of the storage compartment . 
 shapiro now waited for rand to say something intelligent , but rand was quiet . 
 rand 's eyes tracked over the dunes , traced the clockspring windings of the deep troughs between . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shapiro said at last . 
 `` what do we do ? 
 grimes is dead ; you 're in command . 
 what do we do ? '' 
 `` do ? '' 
 rand 's eyes moved back and forth , back and forth , over the stillness of the dunes . 
 a dry , steady wind ruffled the rubberized collar of the environmental protection suit . 
 `` if you do n't have a volleyball , i do n't know . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` is n't that what you 're supposed to do on the beach ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` play volleyball ? '' 
 shapiro had been scared in space many times , and close to panic when the fire broke out ; now , looking at rand , he heard a rumor of fear too large to comprehend . 
 `` it 's big , '' rand said dreamily , and for one moment shapiro thought that rand was speaking of shapiro 's own fear . 
 `` one hell of a big beach . 
 something like this could go on forever . 
 you could walk a hundred miles with your surfboard under your arm and still be where you started , almost , with nothing behind you but six or seven footprints . 
 and if you stood in the same place for five minutes , the last six or seven would be gone , too . '' 
 `` did you get a topographical compscan before we came down ? '' 
 rand was in shock , he decided . 
 rand was in shock but rand was not crazy . 
 he could give rand a pill if he had to . 
 and if rand continued to spin his wheels , he could give him a shot . 
 `` did you get a look at - '' rand looked at him briefly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the green places . 
 that had been what he was going to say . 
 it sounded like a quote from psalms , and he could n't say it . 
 the wind made a silver chime in his mouth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rand asked again . 
 `` compscan ! 
 compscan ! '' 
 shapiro screamed . 
 `` you ever hear of a compscan , dronehead ? 
 what 's this place like ? 
 where 's the ocean at the end of the fucking beach ? 
 where 's the lakes ? 
 where 's the nearest greenbelt ? 
 which direction ? 
 where does the beach end ? '' 
 `` but what 'll we do for water ? '' 
 `` nothing we can do . '' 
 `` the ship ... it 's beyond repair ! '' 
 `` no shit , sherlock . '' 
 shapiro fell quiet . 
 it was now either be quiet or become hysterical . 
 he had a feeling - almost a certainty - that if he became hysterical , rand would just go on looking at the dunes until shapiro worked it out , or until he did n't . 
 what did you call a beach that never ended ? 
 why , you called it a desert ! 
 biggest motherfucking desert in the universe , was n't that right ? 
 in his head he heard rand respond : no shit , sherlock . 
 shapiro stood for some time beside rand , waiting for the man to wake up , to do something . 
 after a while his patience ran out . 
 he began to slide and stumble back down the flank of the dune they had climbed to look around . 
 he could feel the sand sucking against his boots . 
 want to suck you down , bill , his mind imagined the sand saying . 
 in his mind it was the dry , arid voice of a woman who was old but still terribly strong . 
 want to suck you right down here and give you a great ... big ... hug . 
 that made him think about how they used to take turns letting the others bury them up to their necks at the beach when he was a kid . 
 then it had been fun - now it scared him . 
 so he turned that voice off - this was no time for memory lane , christ , no - and walked through the sand with short , sharp kicking strides , trying unconsciously to mar the symmetrical perfection of its slope and surface . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 rand 's voice for the first time held a note of awareness and concern . 
 `` the beacon , '' shapiro said . 
 `` i 'm going to turn it on . 
 we were on a mapped lane of travel . 
 it 'll be picked up , vectored . 
 it 's a question of time . 
 i know the odds are shitty , but maybe somebody will come before - '' `` the beacon 's smashed to hell , '' rand said . 
 `` it happened when we came down . '' 
 `` maybe it can be fixed , '' shapiro called back over his shoulder . 
 as he ducked through the hatchway he felt better in spite of the smells - fried wiring and a bitter whiff of freon gas . 
 he told himself he felt better because he had thought of the beacon . 
 no matter how paltry , the beacon offered some hope . 
 but it was n't the thought of the beacon that had lifted his spirits ; if rand said it was broken , it was probably most righteously broken . 
 but he could no longer see the dunes - could no longer see that big , never-ending beach . 
 that was what made him feel better . 
 when he got to the top of the first dune again , struggling and panting , his temples pounding with the dry heat , rand was still there , still staring and staring and staring . 
 an hour had gone by . 
 the sun stood directly above them . 
 rand 's face was wet with perspiration . 
 jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows . 
 droplets ran down his cheeks like tears . 
 more droplets ran down the cords of his neck and into the neck of his ep suit like drops of colorless oil running into the guts of a pretty good android . 
 dronehead i called him , shapiro thought with a little shudder . 
 christ , that 's what he looks like - not an android but a dronehead who just took a neck-shot with a very big needle . 
 and rand had been wrong after all . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 no answer . 
 `` the beacon was n't broken . '' 
 there was a flicker in rand 's eyes . 
 then they went blank again , staring out at the mountains of sand . 
 frozen , shapiro had first thought them , but he supposed they moved . 
 the wind was constant . 
 they would move . 
 over a period of decades and centuries , they would ... well , would walk . 
 was n't that what they called dunes on a beach ? 
 walking dunes ? 
 he seemed to remember that from his childhood . 
 or school . 
 or someplace , and what in the hell did it matter ? 
 now he saw a delicate rill of sand slip down the flank of one of them . 
 as if it heard -lrb- heard what i was thinking -rrb- fresh sweat on the back of his neck . 
 all right , he was getting a touch of the whim-whams . 
 who would n't ? 
 this was a tight place they were in , very tight . 
 and rand seemed not to know it ... or not to care . 
 `` it had some sand in it , and the warbler was cracked , but there must have been sixty of those in grimes 's odds-and-ends box . '' 
 `` i do n't know how the sand got in it - it was right where it was supposed to be , in the storage compartment behind the bunk , three closed hatches between it and the outside , but - '' `` oh , sand spreads . 
 gets into everything . 
 remember going to the beach when you were a kid , bill ? 
 you 'd come home and your mother would yell at you because there was sand everywhere ? 
 sand in the couch , sand on the kitchen table , sand down the foot of your bed ? 
 beach sand is very ... '' he gestured vaguely , and then that dreamy , unsettling smile resurfaced . '' 
 ... ubiquitous . '' '' 
 - but it did n't hurt it any , '' shapiro continued . 
 `` the emergency power output system is ticking over and i plugged the beacon into it . 
 i put on the earphones for a minute and asked for an equivalency reading at fifty parsecs . 
 sounds like a power saw . 
 it 's better than we could have hoped . '' 
 `` no one 's going to come . 
 not even the beach boys . 
 the beach boys have all been dead for eight thousand years . 
 welcome to surf city , bill . 
 surf city sans surf . '' 
 shapiro stared out at the dunes . 
 he wondered how long the sand had been here . 
 a trillion years ? 
 a quintillion ? 
 had there been life here once ? 
 maybe even something with intelligence ? 
 rivers ? 
 green places ? 
 oceans to make it a real beach instead of a desert ? 
 shapiro stood next to rand and thought about it . 
 the steady wind ruffled his hair . 
 and quite suddenly he was sure all those things had been , and he could picture how they must have ended . 
 the slow retreat of the cities as their waterways and outlying areas were first speckled , then dusted , finally drifted and choked by the creeping sand . 
 he could see the shiny brown alluvial fans of mud , sleek as sealskins at first but growing duller and duller in color as they spread further and further out from the mouths of the rivers - out and out until they met each other . 
 he could see sleek sealskin mud becoming reed-infested swamp , then gray , gritty till , finally shifting white sand . 
 he could see mountains shortening like sharpened pencils , their snow melting as the rising sand brought warm thermal updrafts against them ; he could see the last few crags pointing at the sky like the fingertips of men buried alive ; he could see them covered and immediately forgotten by the profoundly idiotic dunes . 
 what had rand called them ? 
 ubiquitous . 
 if you just had a vision , billy-boy , it was a pretty goddam dreadful one . 
 oh , but no , it was n't . 
 it was n't dreadful ; it was peaceful . 
 it was as quiet as a nap on a sunday afternoon . 
 what was more peaceful than the beach ? 
 he shook these thoughts away . 
 it helped to look back toward the ship . 
 `` there is n't going to be any cavalry , '' rand said . 
 `` the sand will cover us and after a while we 'll be the sand and the sand will be us . 
 surf city with no surf - can you catch that wave , bill ? '' 
 and shapiro was scared because he could catch it . 
 you could n't see all those dunes without getting it . 
 `` fucking dronehead asshole , '' he said . 
 he went back to the ship . 
 and hid from the beach . 
 sunset finally came . 
 the time when , at the beach - any real beach - you were supposed to put away the volleyball and put on your sweats and get out the weenies and the beer . 
 not time to start necking yet , but almost . 
 time to look forward to the necking . 
 weenies and beer had not been a part of asn/29 s stores . 
 shapiro spent the afternoon carefully bottling all of the ship 's water . 
 he used a porta-vac to suck up that which had run out of the ruptured veins in the ship 's supply system and puddled on the floor . 
 he got the small bit left in the bottom of the shattered hydraulic system 's water tank . 
 he did not overlook even the small cylinder in the guts of the air-purification system which circulated air in the storage areas . 
 finally , he went into grimes 's cabin . 
 grimes had kept goldfish in a circular tank constructed especially for weightless conditions . 
 the tank was built of impact-resistant clear-polymer plastic , and had survived the crash easily . 
 the goldfish - like their owner - had not been impact-resistant . 
 they floated in a dull orange clump at the top of the ball , which had come to rest under grimes 's bunk , along with three pairs of very dirty underwear and half a dozen porno holograph-cubes . 
 he held the globe aquarium for a moment , looking fixedly into it . 
 `` alas , poor yorick , i knew him well , '' he said suddenly , and laughed a screaming , distracted laugh . 
 then he got the net grimes kept in his lockbin and dipped it into the tank . 
 he removed the fish and then wondered what to do with them . 
 after a moment he took them to grimes 's bed and raised his pillow . 
 he put the fish there regardless , then carefully poured the water into the jerrican he was using as a catcher . 
 it would all have to be purified , but even if the purifiers had n't been working , he thought that in another couple of days he would n't balk at drinking aquarium water just because it might have a few loose scales and a little goldfish shit in it . 
 he purified the water , divided it , and took rand 's share back up the side of the dune . 
 rand was right where he had been , as if he had never moved . 
 `` rand . 
 i brought you your share of the water . '' 
 he unzipped the pouch on the front of rand 's ep suit and slipped the flat plastic flask inside . 
 he was about to press the zip-strip closed with his thumbnail when rand brushed his hand away . 
 he took the flask out . 
 stenciled on the front was asn/class ship 's supplies storage flask cl . 
 * 23196755 sterile when seal is unbroken . 
 the seal was broken now , of course ; shapiro had had to fill the bottle up . 
 `` i purified - '' rand opened his fingers . 
 the flask fell into the sand with a soft plop . 
 `` do n't want it . '' 
 `` do n't ... rand , what 's wrong with you ? 
 jesus christ , will you stop it ? '' 
 rand did not reply . 
 shapiro bent over and picked up storage flask # 23196755 . 
 he brushed off the grains of sand clinging to the sides as if they were huge , swollen germs . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 shapiro repeated . 
 `` is it shock ? 
 do you think that 's what it is ? 
 because i can give you a pill ... or a shot . 
 but it 's getting to me , i do n't mind telling you . 
 you just standing out here looking at the next forty miles of nothing ! 
 it 's sand ! 
 just sand ! '' 
 `` it 's a beach , '' rand said dreamily . 
 `` want to make a sand castle ? '' 
 `` okay , good , '' shapiro said . 
 `` i 'm going to go get a needle and an amp of yellowjack . 
 if you want to act like a goddam dronehead , i 'll treat you like one . '' 
 `` if you try to inject me with something , you better be quiet when you sneak up behind me , '' rand said mildly . 
 `` otherwise , i 'll break your arm . '' 
 he could do it , too . 
 shapiro , the astrogator , weighed a hundred and forty pounds and stood five-five . 
 physical combat was not his specialty . 
 he grunted an oath and turned away , back to the ship , holding rand 's flask . 
 `` i think it 's alive , '' rand said . 
 `` i 'm actually pretty sure of it . '' 
 shapiro looked back at him and then out at the dunes . 
 the sunset had given them a gold filigree at their smooth , sweeping caps , a filigree that shaded delicately down to the blackest ebony in the troughs ; on the next dune , ebony shaded back to gold . 
 gold to black . 
 black to gold . 
 gold to black and black to gold and gold to - shapiro blinked his eyes rapidly , and rubbed a hand over them . 
 `` i have several times felt this particular dune move under my feet , '' rand told shapiro . 
 `` it moves very gracefully . 
 it is like feeling the tide . 
 i can smell its smell on the air , and the smell is like salt . '' 
 `` you 're crazy , '' shapiro said . 
 he was so terrified that he felt as if his brains had turned to glass . 
 rand did not reply . 
 rand 's eyes searched the dunes , which went from gold to black to gold to black in the sunset . 
 shapiro went back to the ship . 
 rand stayed on the dune all night , and all the next day . 
 shapiro looked out and saw him . 
 rand had taken off his ep suit , and the sand had almost covered it . 
 only one sleeve stuck out , forlorn and supplicating . 
 the sand above and below it reminded shapiro of a pair of lips sucking with a toothless greed at a tender morsel . 
 shapiro felt a crazy desire to pelt up the side of the dune and rescue rand 's ep suit . 
 he did not . 
 he sat in his cabin and waited for the rescue ship . 
 the smell of freon had dissipated . 
 it was replaced by the even less desirable smell of grimes decaying . 
 sand somehow appeared in shapiro 's cabin , although the hatchway was closed and the seal still appeared perfectly tight . 
 he sucked the little puddles of sand up with the porta-vac as he had sucked up puddles of spilled water on that first day . 
 he was very thirsty all the time . 
 his flask was nearly empty already . 
 he thought he had begun to smell salt on the air ; in his sleep he heard the sound of gulls . 
 and he could hear the sand . 
 the steady wind was moving the first dune closer to the ship . 
 his cabin was still okay - thanks to the porta-vac - but the sand was already taking over the rest . 
 mini-dunes had reached through the blown locks and laid hold of asn/29 . 
 it sifted in tendrils and membranes through the vents . 
 there was a drift in one of the blown tanks . 
 shapiro 's face grew gaunt and pebbly with beard shadow . 
 near sunset of the third day , he climbed up the dune to check on rand . 
 he thought about taking a hypodermic , then rejected it . 
 it was a lot more than shock ; he knew that now . 
 rand was insane . 
 it would be best if he died quickly . 
 and it looked as if that was exactly what was going to happen . 
 shapiro was gaunt ; rand was emaciated . 
 his body was a scrawny stick . 
 his legs , formerly rich and thick with iron-pumper 's muscle , were now slack and droopy . 
 the skin hung on them like loose socks that keep falling down . 
 he was wearing only his undershorts , and they were red nylon , and they looked absurdly like a ball-hugger bathing suit . 
 a light beard had begun to grow on his face , fuzzing his hollow cheeks and chin . 
 his beard was the color of beach sand . 
 his hair , formerly a listless brown shade , had bleached out to a near blond . 
 it hung over his forehead . 
 only his eyes , peering through the fringe of his hair with bright blue intensity , still lived fully . 
 they studied the beach -lrb- the dunes goddammit the dunes -rrb- relentlessly . 
 now shapiro saw a bad thing . 
 it was a very bad thing indeed . 
 he saw that rand 's face was turning into a sand dune . 
 his beard and his hair were choking his skin . 
 `` you , '' shapiro said , `` are going to die . 
 if you do n't come down to the ship and drink , you are going to die . '' 
 rand said nothing . 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 nothing . 
 there was the vacuous snuffle of the wind , but no more . 
 shapiro observed that the creases of rand 's neck were filling up with sand . 
 `` the only thing i want , '' rand said in a faint , faraway voice like the wind , `` is my beach boys tapes . 
 they 're in my cabin . '' 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 shapiro said furiously . 
 `` but do you know what i hope ? 
 i hope a ship comes before you die . 
 i want to see you holler and scream when they pull you away from your precious goddam beach . 
 i want to see what happens then ! '' 
 `` beach 'll get you , too , '' rand said . 
 his voice was empty and rattling , like wind inside a split gourd - a gourd which has been left in a field at the end of october 's last harvest . 
 `` take a listen , bill . 
 listen to the wave . '' 
 rand cocked his head . 
 his mouth , half-open , revealed his tongue . 
 it was as shriveled as a dry sponge . 
 shapiro heard something . 
 he heard the dunes . 
 they sang songs of sunday afternoon at the beach - naps on the beach with no dreams . 
 long naps . 
 mindless peace . 
 the sound of crying gulls . 
 shifting , thoughtless particles . 
 walking dunes . 
 he heard ... and was drawn . 
 drawn toward the dunes . 
 `` you hear it , '' rand said . 
 shapiro reached into his nose and dug with two fingers until it bled . 
 then he could close his eyes ; his thoughts came slowly and clumsily together . 
 his heart was racing . 
 i was almost like rand . 
 jesus ! 
 ... it almost had me ! 
 no more , shapiro moaned inside himself . 
 oh , but listen to this wave , the dunes whispered back . 
 against his better judgment , shapiro listened . 
 then his better judgment ceased to exist . 
 shapiro thought : i could hear better if i sat down . 
 he sat down at rand 's feet and put his heels on his thighs like a yaqui indian and listened . 
 he heard the beach boys and the beach boys were singing about fun , fun , fun . 
 he heard them singing that the girls on the beach were all within reach . 
 he heard - - a hollow sighing of the wind , not in his ear but in the canyon between right brain and left brain - he heard that sighing somewhere in the blackness which is spanned only by the suspension bridge of the corpus callosum , which connects conscious thought to the infinite . 
 he felt no hunger , no thirst , no heat , no fear . 
 he heard only the voice in the emptiness . 
 and a ship came . 
 it came swooping out of the sky , afterburners scratching a long orange track from right to left . 
 thunder belted the delta-wave topography , and several dunes collapsed like bullet-path brain damage . 
 the thunder ripped billy shapiro 's head open and for a moment he was torn both ways , ripped , torn down the middle - then he was up on his feet . 
 `` ship ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` holy fuck ! 
 ship ! 
 ship ! 
 ship ! '' 
 it was a belt trader , dirty and buggered by five hundred - or five thousand - years of clan service . 
 it surfed through the air , banged crudely upright , skidded . 
 the captain blew jets and fused sand into black glass . 
 shapiro cheered the wound . 
 rand looked around like a man awaking from a deep dream . 
 `` tell it to go away , billy . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 shapiro was shambling around , shaking his fists in the air . 
 `` you 'll be all right - '' he broke toward the dirty trader in big , leaping strides , like a kangaroo running from a ground fire . 
 the sand clutched at him . 
 shapiro kicked it away . 
 fuck you , sand . 
 i got a honey back in hansonville . 
 sand never had no honey . 
 beach never had no hard-on . 
 the trader 's hull split . 
 a gangplank popped out like a tongue . 
 a man strode down it behind three sampler androids and a guy built into treads that was surely the captain . 
 he wore a beret with a clan symbol on it , anyway . 
 one of the androids waved a sampler wand at him . 
 shapiro batted it away . 
 he fell on his knees in front of the captain and embraced the treads which had replaced the captain 's dead legs . 
 `` the dunes ... rand ... no water ... alive ... hypnotized him ... dronehead world ... i. . . 
 thank god ... '' a steel tentacle whipped around shapiro and yanked him away on his gut . 
 dry sand whispered underneath him like laughter . 
 `` it 's okay , '' the captain said . 
 `` bey-at shel ! 
 me ! 
 me ! 
 gat ! '' 
 the android dropped shapiro and backed away , clittering distractedly to itself . 
 `` all this way for a fucking fed ! '' 
 the captain exclaimed bitterly . 
 shapiro wept . 
 it hurt , not just in his head , but in his liver . 
 the man who had been in the lead tossed him a nippled low-grav bottle . 
 shapiro upended it and sucked greedily , spilling crystal-cold water into his mouth , down his chin , in dribbles that darkened his tunic , which had bleached to the color of bone . 
 he choked , vomited , then drank again . 
 dud and the captain watched him closely . 
 the androids clittered . 
 at last shapiro wiped his mouth and sat up . 
 he felt both sick and well . 
 `` you shapiro ? '' 
 the captain asked . 
 shapiro nodded . 
 `` clan affiliation ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` asn number ? '' 
 `` 29 . '' 
 `` crew ? '' 
 `` three . 
 one dead . 
 the other - rand - up there . '' 
 he pointed but did not look . 
 the captain 's face did not change . 
 dud 's face did . 
 `` the beach got him , '' shapiro said . 
 he saw their questioning , veiled looks . 
 `` shock ... maybe . 
 he seems hypnotized . 
 he keeps talking about the ... the beach boys ... never mind , you would n't know . 
 he would n't drink or eat . 
 he 's bad off . '' 
 `` dud . 
 take one of the andies and get him down from there . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` fed ship , christ . 
 no salvage . '' 
 dud nodded . 
 a few moments later he was scrambling up the side of the dune with one of the andies . 
 the andy looked like a twenty-year-old surfer who might make dope money on the side servicing bored widows , but his stride gave him away even more than the segmented tentacles which grew from his armpits . 
 the stride , common to all androids , was the slow , reflective , almost painful stride of an aging english butler with hemorrhoids . 
 there was a buzz from the captain 's dashboard . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` this is gomez , cap . 
 we got a situation here . 
 compscan and surface telemetry show us a very unstable surface . 
 there 's no bedrock that we can targ . 
 we 're resting on our own burn , and right now that may be the hardest thing on the whole planet . 
 trouble is , the burn itself is starting to settle . '' 
 `` recommendation ? '' 
 `` we ought to get out . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` five minutes ago . '' 
 `` you 're a laugh riot , gomez . '' 
 the captain punched a button and the communicator went out . 
 `` i 'm taking you both back , '' the captain said . 
 `` i got no salvage , but the federation ought to pay something for the two of you ... not that either of you are worth much , as far as i can see . 
 he 's crazy and you 're chickenshit . '' 
 `` no ... you do n't understand . 
 you - '' the captain 's cunning yellow eyes gleamed . 
 `` you got any contra ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` captain ... look ... please - '' `` because if you do , there 's no sense just leaving it here . 
 tell me what it is and where it is . 
 i 'll split seventy-thirty . 
 standard salvor 's fee . 
 could n't do any better than that , hey ? 
 you - '' the burn suddenly tilted beneath them . 
 quite noticeably tilted . 
 a horn somewhere inside the trader began to blat with muffled regularity . 
 the communicator on the captain 's dashboard went off again . 
 `` there ! '' 
 shapiro screamed . 
 `` there , do you see what you 're up against ? 
 you want to talk about contraband now ? 
 we have got to get the fuck out of here ! '' 
 `` shut up , handsome , or i 'll have one of these guys sedate you , '' the captain said . 
 his voice was serene but his eyes had changed . 
 he thumbed the communicator . 
 `` cap , i got ten degrees of tilt and we 're getting more . 
 the elevator 's going down , but it 's going on an angle . 
 we 've still got time , but not much . 
 the ship 's going to fall over . '' 
 `` the struts will hold her . '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 begging the captain 's pardon , they wo n't . '' 
 `` start firing sequences , gomez . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 the relief in gomez 's voice was unmistakable . 
 dud and the android were coming back down the flank of the dune . 
 rand was n't with them . 
 the andy fell further and further behind . 
 and now a strange thing happened . 
 the andy fell over on its face . 
 the captain frowned . 
 it did not fall as an andy is supposed to fall - which is to say , like a human being , more or less . 
 it was as if someone had pushed over a mannequin in a department store . 
 it fell over like that . 
 thump , and a little tan cloud of sand puffed up from around it . 
 dud went back and knelt by it . 
 the andy 's legs were still moving as if it dreamed , in the 1.5 million freon-cooled micro-circuits that made up its mind , that it still walked . 
 but the leg movements were slow and cracking . 
 they stopped . 
 smoke began to come out of its pores and its tentacles shivered in the sand . 
 it was gruesomely like watching a human die . 
 a deep grinding came from inside it : graaaagggg ! 
 `` full of sand , '' shapiro whispered . 
 `` it 's got beach boys religion . '' 
 the captain glanced at him impatiently . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , man . 
 that thing could walk through a sandstorm and not get a grain inside it . '' 
 `` not on this world . '' 
 the burn settled again . 
 the trader was now clearly canted . 
 there was a low groan as the struts took more weight . 
 `` leave it ! '' 
 the captain bawled at dud . 
 `` leave it , leave it ! 
 gee-yat ! 
 come-me-for-cry ! '' 
 dud came , leaving the andy to walk face-down in the sand . 
 `` what a balls-up , '' the captain muttered . 
 he and dud engaged in a conversation spoken entirely in a rapid pidgin dialect which shapiro was able to follow to some degree . 
 dud told the captain that rand had refused to come . 
 the andy had tried to grab rand , but with no force . 
 even then it was moving jerkily , and strange grating sounds were coming from inside it . 
 also , it had begun to recite a combination of galactic strip-mining coordinates and a catalogue of the captain 's folk-music tapes . 
 dud himself had then closed with rand . 
 they had struggled briefly . 
 the captain told dud that if dud had allowed a man who had been standing three days in the hot sun to get the better of him , that maybe he ought to get another first . 
 `` him-gat big indics , '' dud said . 
 `` strong-for-cry . 
 him-gat for umby . '' 
 `` umby-him for-cry ? '' 
 the captain was looking at dud sternly . 
 dud nodded . 
 `` umby . 
 beyat-shel . 
 umby-for-cry . '' 
 shapiro had been frowning , conning his tired , frightened mind for that word . 
 now it came . 
 umby . 
 it meant crazy . 
 he 's strong , for christ 's sake . 
 strong because he 's crazy . 
 he 's got big ways , big force . 
 because he 's crazy . 
 big ways ... or maybe it meant big waves . 
 he was n't sure . 
 either way it came to the same . 
 umby . 
 the ground shifted underneath them again , and sand blew across shapiro 's boots . 
 from behind them came the hollow ka-thud , ka-thud , ka-thud of the breather-tubes opening . 
 shapiro thought it one of the most lovely sounds he had ever heard in his life . 
 the captain sat deep in thought , a weird centaur whose lower half was treads and plates instead of horse . 
 then he looked up and thumbed the communicator . 
 `` gomez , send excellent montoya down here with a tranquilizer gun . '' 
 `` acknowledged . '' 
 the captain looked at shapiro . 
 `` now , on top of everything else , i 've lost an android worth your salary for the next ten years . 
 i 'm pissed off . 
 i mean to have your buddy . '' 
 `` captain . '' 
 shapiro could not help licking his lips . 
 he knew this was a very ill-chosen thing to do . 
 he did not want to appear mad , hysterical , or craven , and the captain had apparently decided he was all three . 
 licking his lips like that would only add to the impression ... but he simply could n't help himself . 
 `` captain , i can not impress on you too strongly the need to get off this world as soon as poss - '' `` can it , dronehead , '' the captain said , not unkindly . 
 a thin scream rose from the top of the nearest dune . 
 `` do n't touch me ! 
 do n't come near me ! 
 leave me alone ! 
 all of you ! '' 
 `` big indics gat umby , '' dud said gravely . 
 `` ma-him , yeah-mon , '' the captain returned , and then turned to shapiro . 
 `` he really is bad off , is n't he ? '' 
 shapiro shuddered . 
 `` you do n't know . 
 you just - '' the burn settled again . 
 the struts were groaning louder than ever . 
 the communicator crackled . 
 gomez 's voice was thin , a little unsteady . 
 `` we have to get out of here right now , cap ! '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 a brown man appeared on the gangway . 
 he held a long pistol in one gloved hand . 
 the captain pointed at rand . 
 `` ma?him , for-cry . 
 can ? '' 
 excellent montoya , unperturbed by the tilting earth that was not earth but only sand fused to glass -lrb- and there were deep cracks running through it now , shapiro saw -rrb- , unbothered by the groaning struts or the eerie sight of an android that now appeared to be digging its own grave with its feet , studied rand 's thin figure for a moment . 
 `` can , '' he said . 
 excellent montoya raised the pistol . 
 the gesture was apparently two-thirds casual and one-third careless , but shapiro , even in his state of near-panic , noted the way montoya 's head tilted to one side as he lined the barrel up . 
 like many in the clans , the gun would be nearly a part of him , like pointing his own finger . 
 there was a hollow fooh ! 
 as he squeezed the trigger and the tranquilizer dart blew out of the barrel . 
 a hand reached out of the dune and clawed it down . 
 it was a large brown hand , wavery , made of sand . 
 it simply reached up , in defiance of the wind , and smothered the momentary glitter of the dart . 
 then the sand fell back with a heavy thrrrrap . 
 no hand . 
 impossible to believe there had been . 
 but they had all seen it . 
 `` giddy-hump , '' the captain said in an almost conversational voice . 
 excellent montoya fell on his knees . 
 `` aidy-may-for-cry , bit-gat come ! 
 saw-hoh got belly-gat-for-cry ! 
 - '' numbly , shapiro realized montoya was saying a rosary in pidgin . 
 up on the dune , rand was jumping up and down , shaking his fists at the sky , screeching thinly in triumph . 
 a hand . 
 it was a hand . 
 he 's right ; it 's alive , alive , alive - `` indic ! '' 
 the captain said sharply to montoya . 
 `` cannit ! 
 gat ! '' 
 montoya shut up . 
 his eyes touched on the capering figure of rand and then he looked away . 
 his face was full of superstitious horror nearly medieval in quality . 
 `` okay , '' the captain said . 
 `` i 've had enough . 
 i quit . 
 we 're going . '' 
 he shoved two buttons on his dashboard . 
 the motor that should have swiveled him neatly around so he faced up the gangplank again did not hum ; it squealed and grated . 
 the captain cursed . 
 the burn shifted again . 
 `` captain ! '' 
 gomez . 
 in a panic . 
 the captain slammed in another button and the treads began to move backward up the gangplank . 
 `` guide me , '' the captain said to shapiro . 
 `` i got no fucking rearview mirror . 
 it was a hand , was n't it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want to get out of here , '' the captain said . 
 `` it 's been fourteen years since i had a cock , but right now i feel like i 'm pissing myself . '' 
 thrrap ! 
 a dune suddenly collapsed over the gangway . 
 only it was n't a dune ; it was an arm . 
 `` fuck , oh fuck , '' the captain said . 
 on his dune , rand capered and screeched . 
 now the threads of the captain 's lower half began to grind . 
 the mini-tank of which the captain 's head and shoulders were the turret now began to judder backward . 
 `` what - '' the treads locked . 
 sand splurted out from between them . 
 `` pick me up ! '' 
 the captain bawled to the two remaining androids . 
 `` now ! 
 right now ! '' 
 their tentacles curled around the tread sprockets as they picked him up - he looked ridiculously like a faculty member about to be tossed in a blanket by a bunch of roughhousing fraternity boys . 
 he was thumbing the communicator . 
 `` gomez ! 
 final firing sequence ! 
 now ! 
 now ! '' 
 the dune at the foot of the gangplank shifted . 
 became a hand . 
 a large brown hand that began to scrabble up the incline . 
 shrieking , shapiro bolted from that hand . 
 cursing , the captain was carried away from it . 
 the gangplank was pulled up . 
 the hand fell off and became sand again . 
 the hatchway irised closed . 
 the engines howled . 
 no time for a couch ; no time for anything like that . 
 shapiro dropped into a crash-fold position on the bulkhead and was promptly smashed flat by the acceleration . 
 before unconsciousness washed over him , it seemed he could feel sand grasping at the trader with muscular brown arms , straining to hold them down - then they were up and away . 
 rand watched them go . 
 he was sitting down . 
 when the track of the trader 's jets was at last gone from the sky , he turned his eyes out to the placid endlessness of the dunes . 
 `` we got a '34 wagon and we call it a woody , '' he croaked to the empty , moving sand . 
 `` it ai n't very cherry ; it 's an oldy but a goody . '' 
