 i am dead . 
 this is how i feel , this is what i know , but a small part of me refuses to believe it . 
 was n't i alive just yesterday ? 
 i have a doctor 's appointment to go to next week and i need to leave a reminder for my office manager . 
 he 's forgetful and even though i told him about this a month ago , he wo n't remember . 
 but , no , i do n't have a doctor 's appointment next week . 
 that 's already past . 
 it 's been four months , two weeks , and three days since the day i should 've gone to the doctor . 
 it was only a routine check up , anyways . 
 not absolutely necessary , but it would have provided peace of mind . 
 my mind is anything but peaceful now . 
 i do n't know if i still have one . 
 ... five months ago i was sitting on my couch eating take-out chinese and watching the news . 
 i never knew why i enjoyed watching the news , but it seemed like the adult thing to do , you know ? 
 granted , wearing my pajama pants with cartoon versions of cats and a grey athletic t-shirt did n't help my illusion of adulthood . 
 nor did eating directly out of the lo mein carton with a pair of wooden chopsticks , but still . 
 sometimes it 's good to feel more adult , even if the rest of your life is n't exactly there . 
 there was a breakthrough announcement on the news that night , too . 
 i remember them hyping it up at the beginning , saying it could change the face of humanity as we knew it . 
 dutifully , i watched through dull segments involving a local bake sale and a church 's outrage at a movie theatre refusing to remove a supposedly risque poster from their front lobby . 
 maybe i should 've switched the channel , though . 
 what did this breakthrough announcement have to do with me ? 
 was it another cell phone ? 
 i loved my cell phone as much as the next person , but the way they came out with new ones every year -lrb- and they always have new features that seem suspiciously like the old ones -rrb- , i would never understand why people got so excited about those things . 
 i wanted mine to work , i wanted to call people on it , and i 'd like to be able to occasionally text someone and maybe check my email . 
 the announcement was n't about a phone , though . 
 i stabbed a potsticker with my chopsticks and nibbled on the edges while some nasa scientist explained their newest discovery . 
 hibernation , hypothermia , an isolated virus that could mimic these conditions at a safe level . 
 once they finished with more rounds of experimentation , they could use this knowledge for extended space travel . 
 the goal was to induce a type of suspended animation in astronauts so they could travel to distant planets with minimal necessities . 
 it sounded like a bunch of star trek mumbo jumbo to me . 
 i 'm not stupid , i graduated college with a marketing degree , but this had nothing to do with me . 
 in a hundred years when people finally colonized mars and someone built a restaurant chain up there , they could call me in to help figure out their branding , but none of this affected me right now . 
 this was what i thought then . 
 in four days , everything changed . 
 ... i wander through the city , confused . 
 i am cold beyond belief and nothing i can do will warm me up . 
 i try holding my hands tight against my chest and huddling on the ground , but it does n't help . 
 i 've tried putting on more clothes , but this does n't work , either . 
 i 've tried taking off my clothes , too . 
 i go inside and outside , but no . 
 my skin is a pale blue like the color of pure water . 
 i feel sick and i know i should go see a doctor , but there are no doctors anymore ; not for me or anyone like me . 
 i am one of them and i am hated . 
 i understand this , but i do n't want it . 
 it 's hard to walk sometimes , but other times i manage it fine . 
 i feel clumsy , as if i 've had too much to drink at the bar , but i do n't think i 've had alcohol for months . 
 i ca n't remember . 
 and then it happens . 
 as much as i feel it , i 'm not alone . 
 a majority of the people surrounding me are like me , but different . 
 they give in to their urges or they think differently , or there 's something that separates me from them . 
 i think it 's the fact that i ca n't give in no matter what . 
 i have a doctor 's appointment to go to next week , afterall . 
 the others around me stand up and stumble forwards after the intruders . 
 men and women , regular , just like us except with peach-colored skin -lrb- or tanned , or darker , it makes no difference -rrb- rush through the city streets . 
 they bash through a storefront window with a baseball bat . 
 the crashing sound of glass makes me shudder . 
 the others chase them with a speed none of us knew we had . 
 i watch them run , legs creaking , frantic to catch the people breaking into the convenience store . 
 the people in the store yell at each other , screaming . 
 `` hurry ! 
 grab what you can and go ! 
 we do n't have much time ! '' 
 i do n't know what they 're grabbing , but i know why they do n't have much time . 
 most of them make it out fine . 
 a younger man drags behind , though . 
 when he went to jump out of the front window , he cut his leg on the broken glass and fell onto the concrete sidewalk . 
 one of his group stopped for a second and looked at him , trying to decide what to do , but when the rest of his people run off to safety , he abandons the young man . 
 the young man is stuck , limping . 
 he wo n't escape . 
 i ca n't watch and i turn away . 
 it hurts ; it 's painful . 
 i know why they do it and i 'm tempted to do it myself . 
 the feeling of warmth and closeness like a lover 's embrace . 
 heat and intimacy . 
 except nothing they do is loving . 
 they are ruthless and vicious and in their obsession for warmth they 'll destroy the man . 
 i hear him scream and i want to cry but i run away as fast as i can . 
 my feet slip on the sidewalk and i stumble , hitting against the side of a building , but i keep going . 
 why is it like this ? 
 why ? 
 ... after i ate a can of warmed beans , i felt better . 
 it was n't hard to get the can of beans , but it was difficult to heat them . 
 fortunately , i knew of a place on the outskirts of the city in a wooded area where there was a house with a gas generator and a microwave . 
 i knew it would n't last forever , but it suited me for now . 
 if i used the generator sparingly and made trips to get gas in the middle of the night , i could sustain myself for awhile . 
 that 's how i imagined it going , but it did n't always work like that . 
 the problem was that , while the warm beans slipped down my throat easily and warmed me up , filling my stomach with a soothing heat , it never lasted . 
 while eating them , i felt wonderful , though . 
 i felt human and alive , like myself once more . 
 if i flipped on the tv -- if there was anything actually on tv -- and sat on the couch , propping my feet up on the coffee table , maybe i could forget about all of this for awhile . 
 the beans kept me feeling warmer for half an hour or so , but then the chill crept in . 
 i did n't have enough energy or beans to keep eating forever , though . 
 it also did n't help that i felt like i 'd eaten a thanksgiving dinner after only half a can of the things . 
 i could only eat once a day at most without feeling wretched and sick . 
 most of the time i ended up going two days in between meals . 
 for now , for a little while , i felt nicer , though . 
 i walked through the hallway to the master bedroom and grabbed a bathrobe off the back of the door , slipping my arms into the sleeves and tying it into place . 
 finding a book by nicholas sparks on the bedside table , i snatched it up and fell into bed . 
 i slid beneath the thick blankets , hoping to keep warm for a little while longer , then opened to the dogeared page in the book and began reading . 
 i read for a few minutes before the chill started . 
 my feet grew colder and i started breathing slower , more shallowly . 
 i felt tired , so tired , but i wanted to read a little more . 
 i needed to know what happened to ally and noah . 
 did everything turn out fine ? 
 it was darker outside than i remembered , but i could still read . 
 i needed to , desperately desired it , and yet ... i folded the corner of the page i was on and carefully placed the book on the bedside table once more . 
 curling my knees up to my chest and closing my eyes , i lay in bed . 
 ... no one knew what exactly happened , and least of all evan . 
 he wished he knew , because maybe that would put some sense into all of this , but even if he did there was n't anything he could do about it . 
 news stations reported an accident and a breakout . 
 contamination or something , but no one needed to act concerned . 
 it was best if people remained in their homes and closed the doors . 
 of course , no one did that . 
 why should they ? 
 well , evan did it , because apparently he was an idiot . 
 that 's what his roommate told him at the time before he rushed out of their apartment and into the streets . 
 it did n't matter if you left or stayed , though . 
 it was something else entirely . 
 he could n't say why it did n't affect him or who it did affect , but it caused people to change . 
 the virus released from the labs made people slow and stumbling . 
 they could still talk , but in his experience they usually did n't want to . 
 sick and pale , shambling around the city , looking like ... zombies . 
 he laughed thinking about it . 
 zombies , really ? 
 that was some serious movie shit right there . 
 people rising up from their graves , eating brains , hordes upon hordes of the living dead . 
 this was n't exactly that , though . 
 these people were n't dead ; they were sick . 
 he tried to tell everyone that , but no one listened to him . 
 `` you 're not a doctor , evan , '' alex said . 
 `` just stick to hunting like you 're good at . 
 we need someone like you . 
 it 's safer if we stay away from the city unless we need supplies . '' 
 the city . 
 that 's what everyone called it now . 
 no names , no recognition . 
 they did n't want to acknowledge that the buildings in the city had names and history . 
 there was no past ; it did n't exist . 
 maybe it was easier that way . 
 maybe it helped people cope with their losses and figure out how to live in this screwed up place . 
 evan did n't like it , though . 
 he did n't want to live in a fake city in the middle of the woods made out of tents . 
 he did n't want to act like none of his past life existed , and he did n't want to treat anyone like a zombie . 
 it did n't matter what he wanted , though , it mattered what they did . 
 and they -- the zombies -- killed people . 
 there was some reason , some gut instinct told him so , but what ? 
 why would they do it ? 
 what was their purpose ? 
 he was n't anyone important . 
 he was just evan , a man who 'd grown up hunting , played football in high school and college , and worked a respectable job as an emt while trying to save up money to continue on with medical school . 
 yeah , like alex said , he was n't a doctor , but he would 've been . 
 and while higher learning had kind of gone out the window with the mass viral outbreak , if he had any say in things he 'd still be a doctor some day . 
 maybe he could n't get an official degree , but he could study . 
 he refused to let anyone stop him . 
 ... i 'm walking through the city , confused . 
 why am i here ? 
 i ca n't remember . 
 i need to go to my doctor 's appointment , i 'm sure of it , except where is my car ? 
 do i have my keys ? 
 reaching to my side for my purse , i realize i must have left it at home . 
 my hand , my skin . 
 i stare at my arm , unsure if what i 'm seeing is real or not . 
 my skin is a pale blue all the way from my fingertips and up my forearm , to my shoulder . 
 it looks like i 've painted my fingernails purple , but i never paint them that color . 
 then i remember everything . 
 i ca n't remember why i came here or what i needed to do , but i ca n't stay . 
 the others shamble around nearby or lay in a huddled mess somewhere in the shadows . 
 no one wants to do anything , but i do . 
 i must . 
 except what ? 
 sometimes i find it hard to walk , but i know that i need to . 
 if i focus on one step at a time i can act like everyone else ; like i used to . 
 strolling through the street , looking at the storefronts , i pretend it 's just any other day . 
 there 's a shop i like , a small custom-craft wardrobe boutique , and i stop in front of it and look inside . 
 someone 's broken the window and upturned the dress dummies that used to show off the owner 's most recent fashions , but it does n't matter . 
 reaching my hand out , i grab the hem of a pretty red dress and feel it between my fingers . 
 it 's soft and comforting and i want to try it on . 
 walking to the door , i try to pull it open , but it 's locked . 
 i could go through the window , but the broken glass might cut me . 
 not everyone cares . 
 looking around , i can see the shattered fragments of people 's lives on their bodies . 
 a dark-blue skinned man has cuts all along his arms , probably from grabbing things out of broken-windowed shops or digging through the trash . 
 a child nearby , motherless , stumbles through the streets with bruises all along her legs from falling too much . 
 she almost looks like any other little girl except these bruises are large and angry , a thick purplish-blue color . 
 a woman stares off into the horizon . 
 i imagine she 's the mother to the child , letting her little girl play before they go home for the day and sit down to a nice family meal in their cozy dining room . 
 i do n't actually think that 's going to happen , but it 's nice to think it . 
 i used to attend college nearby , so i decide to walk there . 
 a quick , brisk pace , no shambling or stumbling . 
 one foot in front of the other , watching myself walk , forgetting about anything else . 
 i walk with a purpose , with determined strides . 
 at the front of the college , i stop for a moment and peer into the front gates . 
 the gates are chained shut to keep the students in and unwanted intruders out . 
 that 's how it 's supposed to be , anyways . 
 maybe i was n't the best example of a student , but we used to slip out of our dorm rooms late at night and climb over the campus walls . 
 it was n't very safe , nor was it a great idea , but we did it anyways . 
 making my way alongside the walled off college campus , i head through an alleyway leading to the back of the building . 
 who knows why , but there 's a small park here with a couple of trees and a bench , hidden away in between houses and society . 
 i stand on the bench and reach for the lowest branches of the tree , pulling myself up . 
 it takes awhile , but i manage , and in a moment more i have my leg up and over the wall . 
 then the other , pulling myself up higher , sitting , and ... i jump down and land inside the college campus grounds . 
 no one else is here since the gates are locked . 
 i do n't think anyone knows how to get in here , but i wonder about that . 
 it honestly should n't be too difficult to break the chain or the lock since they are n't the best quality , but i suppose no one really cares . 
 why should anyone want to go to college now ? 
 because , i think , it 's nice . 
 quiet and alone , i walk down the pathways winding through the different enclosed buildings . 
 i used to sit outside on nice days and pretend to study while watching cute boys walk by . 
 and if i actually needed to study , the library was close to my dorm room . 
 we had an elevator , but i liked to use the stairs , so i could just skip down them , out into the open fresh air , take a short walk , and there the library was . 
 through the large glass windows of the library , i see someone sitting at one of the tables reading a book . 
 my feet stop , frozen in place . 
 is that really a person ? 
 what are they doing in there ? 
 why would someone else come here besides me ? 
 the windows are tinted and i ca n't see through them clearly , but this man does n't look like the others i 'm used to seeing . 
 ... evan knew alex would n't appreciate him leaving like this . 
 he knew he should n't do it , either , but he needed to . 
 just for a little while , and after that he 'd go hunting for deer and bring back something for the camp to eat . 
 alex was a bit difficult to deal with sometimes since he was ex-military , but he knew what he was doing . 
 if not for him , evan probably would n't have survived this long . 
 or , actually , he knew he could survive on his own , but the social interaction really saved him . 
 you never realize how much you miss talking with people until there 's no one to talk with . 
 he only had to deal with that for a few days before joining up with the survivor 's group , but those few days were some of the worst of his life . 
 confusion and chaos , hoping everything would calm down and return to normal , except it never did . 
 situations escalated , people panicked , droves upon droves of craziness . 
 in the movies you always saw zombie situations dealt with using extreme force . 
 bombs and military blockades and things like that . 
 except this was n't that . 
 would anyone expect the military to go around shooting hospitalized plague victims ? 
 he doubted it , and he sure would n't , though a lot of people he talked with now wished for that very thing . 
 anyways , better not to dwell on it , he thought . 
 he needed to study fast . 
 sticking his nose into the copy of robbins pathologic basis for disease he found in the library stacks , he continued reading as much as he could as fast as he could . 
 something caught his eye outside , though . 
 looking out the window , he saw a woman standing in the courtyard . 
 she looked back at him , blinking , eyebrows crinkled with a slight smile on her face ; the sort of look that asks something like `` what exactly are you doing here ? '' 
 the glass was tinted , so he could n't see her too well , but she looked nice . 
 a little ragged , but everyone looked like that now . 
 evan waved to her and gestured for her to join him if she wanted . 
 would she ? 
 he did n't know . 
 the offer was there , though . 
 smiling bright , wondering what kind of person besides him would come to a college campus during a zombie apocalypse , he set himself back to his studies . 
 ... the man in the building waves to me and gestures me inside . 
 i do n't know what he 's doing there , but he seems different . 
 maybe i 'm dreaming , and i do n't think it 'd be the first time . 
 if i came here for a reason , maybe he 's it , though . 
 i do need to go to the doctor 's and i forgot my keys , so i should ask him for a ride . 
 is that weird to do ? 
 no one else is here , though . 
 the worst he can say is no . 
 i stumble on a rugged piece of the sidewalk while making my way to the front door of the library . 
 it must be a nice day outside because someone 's propped the door open with a rock , letting the fresh air inside . 
 the light wind brushes against my cheeks and sends my hair aflutter . 
 sighing , wistful , i step inside . 
 i feel very cold , but i think it 's just the air conditioning they keep on in the library most of the time . 
 it 's funny because sometimes during the winter the central air system would kick on by accident and chill the place to near freezing . 
 it never happened for too long because the librarians called up the maintenance man in a huff , but whenever it happened it made me laugh . 
 is it winter now ? 
 it is very cold , but i do n't see any snow on the ground so i doubt it is . 
 autumn , probably , or a chilly summer day . 
 i believe the man i saw must be a medical student ; he was sitting in the health sciences section at any rate . 
 no one 's sitting behind the front desk which is a little odd . 
 no one is anywhere , though , i remind myself . 
 i walk through the turnstile into the library , holding onto the railing for support , and notice the pale blue color of my hands . 
 everything changes . 
 no , i ca n't . 
 the turnstile clinks behind me as i walk through and i pause at the other side , fearful and frozen in time . 
 i do n't belong here , not with him . 
 i belong outside with the others , somewhere far away . 
 if he sees me , he 'll scream and panic . 
 if he sees me , he 'll run , and if he ca n't run fast enough they 'll catch him . 
 or maybe he is n't as fearful as that . 
 maybe he 'll see me and become angry . 
 does he have a gun or a knife ? 
 i have no idea . 
 all i saw was a book , but who knows what he had under the table . 
 and , even a book hurts when someone repeatedly slams it against you . 
 it 's hard to feel pain sometimes now , but i still know it 's there . 
 i have little cuts and scrapes , scars , from when i first became like this and i do n't want to feel that way again . 
 i do n't want to look at myself and know that i 'm like this . 
 i do n't want reminders of how horrible a situation i 'm in . 
 i want to go home . 
 i want to eat something warm and steaming and lay in bed for my half hour of warmth while reading my book . 
 i want to cry and know what happens to ally and noah and i want them to be happy and live together forever . 
 is that too much to want ? 
 just as i 'm about to turn and leave , the man approaches me . 
 he left the book at the library table and it 's just him . 
 he smiles , sees me , and then stops smiling . 
 face contorted , confused , lips pursed , he stares at me . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 i try to leave , try to turn away from him , but the world is such a mess and i ca n't seem to figure out which way is which . 
 i fall . 
 my foot catches on the edge of the turnstile and i begin to topple backwards . 
 this is going to hurt . 
 i do n't know how much i 'll feel , but i know it 'll happen . 
 i look up , somber , watching the ceiling as my body seems to crash backwards in slow motion . 
 everything seems slow when you do n't want it to happen . 
 slow , but that does n't mean you can change anything . 
 you have to watch it , wait for it , feel anxiety and fear in the pit of your stomach as your heart races and you worry . 
 i fall , but he catches me . 
 ... evan did n't expect the woman to be a zombie . 
 he did n't even want to call her that , but he did n't know what other word to use . 
 it seemed like a type of racism to him , though . 
 if he said something like that would she be offended ? 
 casual , evan , he told himself . 
 act casual . 
 she was n't trying to eat him , which was good . 
 he did n't actually know how that worked , since he tried to never to put himself in that kind of situation , but the stories people told back at his camp were never good . 
 vicious , vile things , creatures of death and anger , chasing people through the streets , and if they caught you ... everyone knew what happened if they caught you . 
 it was no secret . 
 evan disliked it , did n't want to believe it , but he knew , too . 
 he 'd seen it happen once from far away . 
 but why ? 
 this woman did n't do that , though . 
 she was n't chasing him and she had no horde of followers intent on trapping him in the library . 
 she was just herself and he 'd asked her to come inside . 
 he 'd waved , friendly , gestured her in , then went back to reading . 
 he 'd invited her here , and she came . 
 there was nothing wrong with that . 
 she looked so uncomfortable , though . 
 pale , blue skin and a worried look on her face . 
 grabbing the turnstile at the entrance to the library , she tried to turn around , maybe to leave , but she slipped . 
 fuck ! 
 evan ran . 
 he had time , they were n't too far apart , and he just barely made it . 
 jumping the last few feet , he caught her in his arms and fell with her , softening her fall with his body . 
 they lay in a heap on the floor . 
 evan laughed . 
 `` sorry about that , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you . '' 
 his hand touched the side of her arm and she was soft to the touch . 
 and cold . 
 not too cold , but noticeably cool . 
 he eased her off of him slowly and stood up , reaching a hand out to help her up . 
 she stared at him from the ground , looking at him funny . 
 ... i fell but he caught me . 
 so tight and close , he must have jumped to reach me in time . 
 he looked athletic from afar , more than capable of dashing forward and catching someone , but i honestly did n't know why he did it . 
 i was so grateful , though . 
 i wanted to cry for another reason now , but it felt so silly and inconsequential . 
 he touched me , too . 
 it sounded bad in my head when i thought of it like that , but that was exactly what he did . 
 his gentle , warm hands held onto the side of my arms , rubbing up and down , relaxing me . 
 his heat was like a blazing furnace to my cool body . 
 i felt alive and warm under his touch , so wonderful and amazing . 
 i knew this was how the others felt , why they rushed towards people in a frenzy when they saw them , but i 'd never felt it before myself . 
 he helped me off of him and stood at my side , smiling at me . 
 reaching out his hand , he wanted to help me up . 
 i stared at him , still feeling his warmth , curious and contented . 
 like them , all i needed to do was grab his hand . 
 he looked strong , but if i caught him off guard while he helped me up i could squeeze his hand tight in mine and pull him back to the ground . 
 his throat seemed to shine like some bright beacon . 
 if i scratched , bit , killed ... i took his offered hand and held onto it tight and let him help me up off the ground . 
 he smiled at me more and moved in close . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i squeezed his hand and pulled him towards me . 
 he came readily , watching me with interest . 
 lifting his hand up , i placed it on the side of my cheek . 
 fire ! 
 my cheek melted under his touch , feeling so wonderful and warm . 
 i held his hand against my cheek and smiled at him . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` you 're so kind . '' 
 my eyes started to tear up and i knew i could n't help myself anymore . 
 why was i crying ? 
 so dumb and silly , but i did n't think i could stop myself if i tried . 
 he grinned and wiped the tears away from my eyes with his other hand . 
 warm , like the heat from a sauna , a few stray tears slipped down my cheeks , but he wiped those away , too . 
 `` you 're -- '' he said , pausing , brow furrowed . 
 `` different . '' 
 `` i 'm a zombie , '' i said , feeling like we should get that out of the way . 
 `` i did n't want to say that because it sounds prejudiced , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` i can call you that if you want , but maybe ... do you have a name ? '' 
 `` sadie , '' i whispered . 
 i had n't used my name in so long , had n't heard anyone call me that in months , but i liked it . 
 i loved my name and wanted him to say it all of a sudden . 
 he did . 
 my name slipped out of his lips like a liturgy during sunday mass . 
 `` sadie , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . 
 i 'm evan . '' 
 i was n't crying anymore , merely staring at him with rapt fascination . 
 the hand he 'd used to wipe away my tears reached out . 
 i accepted it , shook it , and held it tight , not wanting to let go . 
 i did , though , i let him go . 
 bright tingles of warmth tickled through my fingertips and fingers , centered in my palm , so delightful . 
 `` do you want to come sit with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , having no idea what to say to him . 
 `` would you mind , um ... ? '' 
 i still held his other hand against my face , reveling in his warmth . 
 he gently moved his fingertips , caressing my cheek . 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 reluctantly , i let him go . 
 he took my hand , though ; he did n't let me go completely . 
 i held his hand as he led me towards his spot in the library . 
 at that moment , i thought i would have followed him anywhere if only he kept holding me . 
 the glimmering afterglow of his hand against my cheek felt magnificent , and the constant , cozy warmth of his hand holding mine was pure bliss . 
 we sat . 
 he helped me into a chair and then he sat in the one next to me . 
 `` you 're cold , '' he said . 
 i frowned . 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't mean to be . 
 i hope it 's alright . '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i just ... i do n't know why i said that . 
 does it hurt ? '' 
 `` does what hurt ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i felt lightheaded and happy , despite the fact he was n't touching me anymore . 
 his lingering warmth kept me feeling nice , like i 'd just eaten half a can of molten hot soup and settled into my bed back home with my book . 
 `` well , i 'm warm and you 're cold . 
 was my hand too hot ? 
 you looked -- '' `` no ! '' 
 i said in a panic . 
 `` no , no . 
 oh god , no . 
 you ... um ... '' he smiled and scooted his chair closer to me , right next to mine . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you can say it . 
 it 's alright . '' 
 he touched me again . 
 both his hands reached for one of mine and he held my hand loosely in his own . 
 i relished it and my eyes rolled into the back of my head . 
 my body felt near orgasmic , alive , ecstatic . 
 this was so remarkable and new to me and ... he let go of my hand . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked , startled . 
 he grabbed his medical book , looked at it , shook his head , and slid it away as he stood up . 
 `` are you in shock ? 
 i can help you . 
 i used to be an emt . 
 i do n't have any medical equipment here , but hold on , sadie . 
 everything 's going to be alright . 
 just ... '' i stared at him , blinking , then i laughed . 
 he looked at me with the funniest expression of confusion i thought i 'd ever seen . 
 `` sadie ? '' 
 `` ohhh . '' 
 i grabbed his hand and pulled him back into his chair . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine . 
 you 're just so warm . '' 
 `` oh , '' he said . 
 `` it feels nice , '' i said . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 for good measure , i added , `` i 'm not trying to come on to you . 
 i 'm sorry if it sounds that way . '' 
 `` oh , '' he said . 
 `` no , that 's fine ? 
 huh . 
 so you like the warmth ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 `` why are you so cold ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is it because ... ? '' 
 because i was a zombie . 
 that 's what he wanted to ask , i could tell , but i appreciated him being nice about it . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i think so . 
 we 're all like this . 
 me and the others . '' 
 the others , i thought . 
 i was one of them and evan was n't . 
 he was someone else far apart from what i was or what they were . 
 i did n't know if i really belonged here talking with him . 
 i did n't know if it would cause issues with him , either . 
 did he have someone waiting somewhere ? 
 would they know he 'd talked with me ? 
 if i stayed near him , would he turn into a zombie too ? 
 `` i want to help , '' he said all of a sudden , snapping me away from my depressing thoughts . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there 's something wrong . 
 i do n't know what it is , and i do n't know if anyone knows , but there 's something wrong with ... '' he paused . 
 i finished his sentence for him . 
 `` with me . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 evan stared at me hard . 
 i could see the fire in his eyes like the warmth in his hands , steady and fierce . 
 he touched me , placed his hand on my cheek again . 
 `` ugh . 
 i 'm not good at this . 
 i do n't know how to say it . 
 there 's nothing wrong with you or anyone , sadie . 
 but ... what 's happened ? 
 yes . 
 what 's happened is n't your fault , or anyone 's fault , really . 
 i want to fix it . 
 i do n't know how , or if i can , but i want to try . '' 
 i stared at him , more attentive than i 'd felt in months . 
 the look in his eyes , the way he kept his hand pressed against my cheek , his steady demeanor and his refusal to back down ; it captivated me . 
 pulsing , matching the rhythm of his heartbeat , waves of incandescent heat spread from his hand to me . 
 i held my hands against the back of his , worrying he might let go of my cheek if i did n't . 
 `` i would like to think you can , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't know how you would , though . 
 i 'm not sure it 's possible . '' 
 evan nodded . 
 `` i do n't know , either . 
 i 've been studying , though . 
 see ? '' 
 he grabbed his book with his free hand and showed it to me : robbins pathologic basis for disease . 
 `` not that , um , you have a disease or anything . 
 i found the medical student curriculum in one of the offices here and this book was on the required reading list . '' 
 `` are you a doctor ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 not quite . 
 i 'm an emt . 
 or ... '' he paused and looked at me with a strained look for a moment . 
 not quite at me , though , but past me . 
 through me . 
 `` i was an emt . 
 i 'm not sure there 's really such a thing anymore , though . 
 i wanted to go to medical school and become a doctor . 
 or maybe a pa. . 
 i did n't have a chance before everything kind of went crazy . 
 that does n't mean i ca n't still do it , though . 
 it wo n't be the same , but ... '' `` you 're brave , '' i said . 
 `` it does n't matter if you ca n't technically do it . 
 i think you 're very brave for wanting to do it anyways . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i felt shy , unsure if i should do this , but i decided to go for it . 
 leaning towards him , i kissed his cheek . 
 i nearly fell out of my chair , paralyzed by the feeling of his warmth against my lips . 
 my body froze , tightened , and i could n't move away . 
 nor did i want to move away . 
 the heat , the pleasure , from something so simple as a kiss on the cheek exploded inside me like a fiery blaze . 
 `` sadie ? '' 
 evan said ; but i was somewhere far away and could n't hear him . 
 `` sadie ! 
 sadie , are you alright ? '' 
 he pulled me away and held my shoulders , looking hard at me . 
 with my lips gone from his cheek , i felt some semblance of regularity returning . 
 i 'd felt imbalanced while kissing him , knocked out of equilibrium , like gravity had ceased to exist and i was falling forever . 
 `` i do n't think i should kiss you , '' i said , laughing , giddy . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` that was very strong . 
 i felt heat -- a lot of heat -- and it felt nice but i could n't think straight for a second . 
 i 've never felt that way before . '' 
 `` that 's curious , '' he said . 
 `` i wonder ... what if i kiss you ? '' 
 i did n't know . 
 i did n't know but i wanted to know . 
 i was no stranger to kissing , but i had n't ever kissed someone like that before . 
 who knew that a casual , thankful kiss on the cheek could feel so passionate ? 
 that was the only word i could think to describe it , like the fire of pure arousal licking at my lips . 
 `` sorry , '' evan said . 
 `` i did n't mean that in a flirtatious way . 
 i was just thinking out loud . 
 hypothesizing , if you will . 
 i do that a lot now . 
 trial and error , right ? 
 it 's a good way to educate yourself as long as you 're careful . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 i wanted him to kiss me now , though . 
 was he going to ? 
 he gazed at me , into me . 
 our eyes met . 
 i hoped he saw something nice in my eyes , something he liked . 
 i definitely liked his eyes . 
 they were a sharp , piercing blue and reminded me of something i 'd seen recently , but i could n't quite remember what . 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 slam ! 
 jumping up , startled , i looked towards the front of the library where the noise came from . 
 evan stood with me , taking a place right next to me . 
 staring at us through the library 's front windows was a small group of the others . 
 they slammed on the windows , trying to crack them open and break in . 
 if they kept it up , they probably would , too . 
 `` they should n't be in here , '' i said . 
 `` how did they get in ? 
 there 's a chain on the front gates . '' 
 evan sighed . 
 `` i broke the lock to get in here . 
 i thought if i left the chain in place no one would notice . 
 i guess that did n't work out . '' 
 `` i know you want to help them , '' i said . 
 forcing myself to focus through the intense warmth , i placed my hands on evan 's face and made him look at me . 
 `` you need to run , though . 
 they want to kill you . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 dashing a few steps away , leaving me cold and alone , evan ducked under the library table and grabbed something from beneath it . 
 when he returned and stood up , he held a crossbow and an arrow quiver full of bolts in his hands . 
 my mind reeled and i stared at him , conflicted . 
 `` evan , you ca n't . 
 please , do n't kill them . 
 you need to run to safety . '' 
 he flashed me a grin while strapping the quiver and crossbow to his back . 
 `` no one 's going to get hurt , '' he said . 
 without warning , he swooped forward and took my hand in his . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` what do you mean let 's go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i asked him this , but i was already going with him . 
 evan ran through the library towards the back entrance with me in tow , squeezing my hand for good measure . 
 my legs felt slow and unsteady , but he helped me whenever i took a bad step and nearly slipped . 
 i followed him like a ship guided by a lighthouse , the ever-present heat of his fingers offering me a breadcrumb trail out of this screwed up fairytale forest . 
 peeking over my shoulder , i saw the others chasing us . 
 one of them stood at the window still , slapping on it with his bare hands , but the remaining four must have found the front entryway into the library . 
 they hobbled past the turnstile , getting stuck in its slim path , but not for long . 
 one made it through , then another , the third and fourth . 
 none of them waited for each other , though . 
 they ran towards us in a shambling , awkward gait . 
 the look of confusion on their faces contrasted with the decisive look in their eyes . 
 they did n't want me -- i was nothing but competition to them -- but evan 's blazing heat was like the promise of a goldrush in their minds . 
 i understood now ; i did . 
 i resisted the urge to partake in the barbaric , seemingly-mindless onslaught of the others , though , no matter how many times i saw it or heard it nearby . 
 confused and lost , i wanted to retain whatever part of me i could . 
 i wanted to care and have concern no matter how broken and defeated i was . 
 others wanted to feel alive . 
 the touch of warm skin igniting life inside of them , bringing them some semblance of normalness back to their cool , clumsy bodies . 
 strong thoughts and feelings , sensations and emotions , they wanted all of it . 
 i wanted it , too . 
 evan ran side by side with me , holding my hand , while the noisy clatter of his crossbow rang through the air and gave away our every move . 
 all the others needed to do was listen for a moment and they 'd know where we went , whether we lost sight of them or not . 
 we needed to go faster , but i could n't . 
 evan could , i knew . 
 if he let go of my hand he could flee to safety without worry . 
 even if he did n't know about the trees in the courtyard and how the college students here used to use them to sneak out at night , he should be fine running to the front gates and leaving the way he came in . 
 if i let him go , if he ran faster , he 'd be free . 
 he held my hand loosely , running with me , but i stopped and let his hand go . 
 that was it , i thought . 
 i expected to see him continue running towards the rear entrance and out into the open air , but he did n't . 
 he stopped and turned around , looking at me with a puzzled expression . 
 `` go , '' i said . 
 `` you can get away if you leave me here . 
 they wo n't hurt me . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you will , '' he said , smiling . 
 he took my hand in his again and squeezed it tight . 
 `` come on . 
 i have an idea . '' 
 `` did n't you hear me ? '' 
 i said . 
 looking back , i saw the others gaining on us . 
 i stood in place , thinking to force evan to leave me , fighting against his gentle tugs . 
 `` i heard you fine , sadie . 
 i just do n't like your plan . 
 why not try going along with mine ? '' 
 he looked at me , smiling , not moving now . 
 we just stood there quietly while the others threatened to catch up to us . 
 i turned and looked and saw the nearest one only a few long library table 's lengths away . 
 our chaser stumbled towards us , persevering despite the difficulty . 
 evan tugged my hand lightly once more and this time i went with him . 
 `` this is insane , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not fast enough . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be fast , '' he said . 
 `` just watch . '' 
 we reached the stairs to the second floor of the library . 
 my legs felt thick and slippery like grape jelly . 
 it was difficult to climb stairs on the best of days for me , and after climbing over the walls to get in here and running this far , now was not one of those better days . 
 `` i ca n't climb stairs well , '' i said . 
 evan grinned . 
 `` that 's the entire point . '' 
 i had no idea what he meant . 
 apparently he did n't need me to know , either . 
 kneeling fast , slipping one hand behind my knees and holding my back with the other , he lifted me up and cradled me in his arms . 
 `` evan ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` this is n't going to work ! '' 
 evan laughed , climbing the stairs one at a time , steady yet fast . 
 `` oh , it 's not ? '' 
 i looked down , staring at the others following us . 
 at the base of the stairs , barely an arm 's length away from us , they hesitated . 
 one of them leaped forwards and grabbed at evan 's foot . 
 i sucked in air and held my breath . 
 evan casually walked up the stairs , lifting his foot away from the outstretched hand right before it would have grabbed the cuff of his pants . 
 our assailant 's head smacked against the step with a thud and he slid back down the steps , befuddled . 
 i knew that would n't keep him distracted for more than a moment , but for now it worked . 
 what scars would it leave , though ? 
 evan carried me up the stairs and i looked back sadly , worrying . 
 i knew they wanted to catch him , to kill him , but it hurt to watch them . 
 we might not feel pain as fully as anyone else , but it left its mark nonetheless . 
 if the failed attacker gained a scar , some bruise , he probably would n't care , but it 'd leave a mark . 
 i thought of them as marks of inhumanity , of difference . 
 if most people cut themselves , they used bandages or ointment to help it heal , but in our confused , awkward states we really could n't . 
 besides the fact that it took a lot of effort , sometimes i never even thought about it . 
 when a regular person is injured , they can feel the pain and know to take care of it , but if that happened to me i might not realize the extent of my injury . 
 i had a few marks , myself . 
 evan carried me up the stairs as surely as he started , but i felt more awkward now . 
 shifting in his arms , hiding my legs with the skirt of my dress and my hands , i hoped he did n't realize what i was doing . 
 thankfully he did n't seem to notice with the adrenaline from our escape coursing through him . 
 he bounded up the last few steps effortlessly and then placed me back on the floor . 
 i shook , unsteady , but he kept a hand on my waist to help me . 
 `` i do n't see how this is going to help , '' i said . 
 already , climbing after us , came the others . 
 one of them held the railing , slowly plodding his way up the stairs , while another followed behind him , half crawling and half pulling himself up . 
 the remaining two stood at the bottom still , but i had no doubts they 'd begin their ascent soon . 
 `` the windows , '' evan said , as if his comment needed no explanation . 
 i stared at him , raising one brow . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` the first floor does n't actually have windows , '' he said . 
 `` they 're more like glass walls . 
 right ? 
 up here you can open the windows , though . '' 
 `` you ca n't mean ... '' he interrupted me by taking my hand in his . 
 i did n't know for sure , but i thought he did it on purpose , catching me off guard while i enjoyed the heated trill of his skin sending warm shivers through my body . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 i went , i followed , but i wanted him to know i did n't enjoy his demanding nature . 
 `` you ca n't just tell me what to do , '' i said . 
 `` and you ca n't just ... do ... you 're tricking me . '' 
 he could n't just touch me and distract me and expect me to do everything he wanted was what i meant to say , except if i said that it not only sounded wrong , but it maybe told him more about this than i wanted him to know . 
 did he know ? 
 maybe he did n't realize it yet . 
 and , honestly , was that the reason i was following him in the first place ? 
 i was n't entirely sure . 
 `` i 'm not tricking you , '' he said . 
 `` i want you to come with me . '' 
 he wanted me to go with him ? 
 i did n't understand why , though . 
 for what reason ? 
 it hurt to think it , but i assumed he wanted to study me . 
 he wanted to ask me questions and learn about what made us like this . 
 he wanted to know about the others and to understand it , so he could figure out a solution . 
 some curative desire of his , a medicative need . 
 he did n't want me to go with him for any real reason . 
 for all i knew , he did n't even really like me . 
 i doubted he hated me , but he had ulterior motives , of that i was positive . 
 still , was that alright ? 
 i liked him , his heat . 
 he seemed nice and friendly . 
 i did want to stay near him , but i did n't really know why or for what exact reason . 
 we walked to the nearest window and evan began spinning the handle to levy the window open . 
 i watched him , curious . 
 he was handsome , i decided . 
 i had n't really bothered to notice before , but i liked the way he looked . 
 somewhat rugged and rough , but not too over the top . 
 he had a bit of stubble on his cheeks , which looked nice , but i hoped he never grew a full beard . 
 his clothes were loose , so i could n't tell for sure , but he must be strong since he 'd carried me up the stairs without too much effort . 
 i loved his hair , too . 
 wavy and loose , dark black . 
 i wanted to run my fingers through it and touch it . 
 i could , i decided , be very happy doing that and then grabbing the back of his head and pulling him in for a kiss . 
 if he wanted , if we were dating , which we were n't , and i was a zombie ... he , of course , was n't , and i did n't know why i thought these things because obviously neither of us should care about them . 
 i knew evan would n't , and i should n't , but ... he opened the window as far as it would go , which was n't nearly far enough for either of us to slip out of . 
 the window opened at the top , held in place by retracting metal bars . 
 standing , surveying what he had to work with , he grunted . 
 `` i wish i had a screwdriver , '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` then i would n't have to kick out the window . '' 
 evan kicked at the sides of the window casing . 
 with a creak , the metal bars strained against his onslaught . 
 a few more kicks on one side of the window and the thin bar came loose , flapping away from the casing . 
 moments later the other side came loose . 
 the window hesitated for a second , falling outwards slowly . 
 with a loud crash , it smacked against the outside of the library , glass shattering and cascading to the ground in a million little pieces . 
 `` all set , '' he said . 
 behind us , finishing the struggle up the stairs , our first chaser appeared . 
 he must have hesitated at the top , unsure where we went , but at the obvious sound of the breaking glass , his head swiveled towards us . 
 he stared at me as i looked at him , and then he bolted towards us . 
 evan leaped out of the window to the grassy ground below . 
 springing to a stop a few feet away , he glanced up at me and smiled . 
 i could n't do it , i could n't go . 
 i wanted to , i really did , but i could n't . 
 what if i slipped and fell ? 
 if i hit my head , no matter what i was like now , i 'd definitely fall unconscious . 
 or even if i did n't hit my head , what if i did n't jump far enough and scraped my knees ? 
 if i landed in the glass and cut myself , i 'd end up with more marks ; more signs of my inhumanity . 
 evan would n't leave . 
 i briefly considered not jumping and forcing him to leave . 
 i knew it would n't work , though . 
 the leader of the pack coming after us was currently in a mad bullrush for the window and he was going to jump out of it no matter what i did . 
 i imagined evan standing there , smug , not even caring . 
 `` oh , i 'm in horrible danger ? '' 
 i pictured him thinking . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 let me just act a fool in order to get this zombie girl i just met to come with me . '' 
 except he would n't call me a zombie . 
 he had n't said it at all , not once . 
 he had n't treated me like anything but a person , and i appreciated that so much . 
 i did n't feel like a zombie , nor did i want to be a zombie . 
 i did feel odd sometimes , out of place , confused and disoriented and unsure , but that was it . 
 i jumped . 
 i fell into evan 's arms . 
 he stepped forward to catch me and we toppled to the ground , but no more . 
 i did n't hit my head , did n't scrape my knees . 
 the glass was n't anywhere near us and so i did n't need to worry about that , either . 
 we lay in the grass , huddled together , breathing quickly . 
 our first follower stumbled out of the broken window and collapsed onto the ground next to us . 
 i screamed , startled , staring at him . 
 he 'd landed on his feet , but had n't had the sense to buckle his knees to soften his fall . 
 instead , he landed hard and fell forward , face first into the ground . 
 i never knew what happened after that because evan lifted me off the ground and to my feet , turning me away from the fallen man . 
 `` this way , '' i said , pointing to the easily climbable tree and the student 's secret sneak-out route . 
 `` there 's a hidden way out . '' 
 evan nodded and we ran for it . 
 he ran slowly now , though , oddly . 
 i looked over at him and realized his crossbow must have jarred his shoulder when he caught me . 
 `` your hurt , '' i said . 
 he brushed it off . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 where is it ? '' 
 i showed him to the nearby spot with the tree . 
 there was no bench on this side to get started , but the wall was n't too high and the tree branches grew lower than the ones on the other side . 
 evan nodded once we arrived and went straight to business . 
 removing the quiver and crossbow from his back , he jumped up and slipped them onto the top of the stone wall . 
 getting to his knees next to the wall , he looped his fingers together and looked at me pointedly . 
 `` i 'll help you up . 
 it 'll be faster this way . 
 just step onto my hands and use the wall to brace yourself . 
 i 'll lift you up as high as i can . 
 can you jump to the other side fine if i get you to the top ? 
 if not , i can climb up after you and help you down . '' 
 `` i can do it , '' i said . 
 breathing in deep , i stared at him kneeling on the ground . 
 `` i do n't know if this is a good idea , though . '' 
 `` it 's not a good idea , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` it 's a great idea ! 
 i promise i wo n't drop you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at him and sighed . 
 stepping into his hand with one foot , i reached out and braced myself against the wall with my arms . 
 carefully , he lifted me up . 
 he slipped when he went to stand and cursed under his breath . 
 his shoulder . 
 i 'd completely forgotten . 
 i could climb the tree -- i 'd done it before . 
 we did n't need to do it this way and i should 've realized we should n't , too . 
 `` i can climb on my own , '' i said . 
 `` you 're hurt , evan . '' 
 he ignored me , grimacing , and then with a grunt he pushed through the pain in his arm and stood up . 
 i wobbled at first , but kept myself balanced against the wall . 
 worried , frowning , i watched him but he refused to accept my anxiety . 
 he lifted me higher . 
 i reached out and grabbed the other side of the wall , then pulled one leg over the top while holding on . 
 lifting my other leg off his hands , i spun up and onto the top of the wall . 
 but i did n't jump to the other side . 
 the last of our group of chasers , the one who had never come inside to begin with , content with slamming his open palms against the glass instead , staggered around the corner of the building . 
 the three inside approached the broken glass around that time , too . 
 all four of them surveyed the yard , spying their fallen companion . 
 slowly , seeking , they scanned for evan . 
 and then they saw him . 
 evan grabbed onto the tree and lifted himself up . 
 or , he tried to . 
 he used the wrong arm and winced in pain , then jumped back to the ground . 
 the group of others saw him and regained their desire for the chase . 
 the one already on the ground bolted forward , intent on getting to evan before the rest . 
 one of the ones on the second floor of the library furrowed his brow for a moment , but then leapt to the ground . 
 better prepared than his predecessor , he landed lightly in the grass , ready to hunt . 
 this time with his other arm , evan grabbed the lowest branch again . 
 he tried to climb one-handed , but was n't making much progress . 
 i stared at him , then glanced towards his soon-to-be attackers . 
 back and forth , my eyes darted from one to the other . 
 he could n't get up , would n't be able to make it in time . 
 laying flat against the top of the wall , i reached one arm down and stretched it out as far as i could . 
 `` evan ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 he saw me , saw my hand . 
 with one last ditch effort , he snatched a branch with his good arm and reached up for my hand with his bad one . 
 i touched him , felt the heat flare into my palm . 
 it shocked and startled me , even now , but i clenched my hand into a fist and squeezed his hand in mine . 
 clamping my eyes shut , too scared to look , i pulled . 
 hard . 
 harder than i ever thought i 'd pulled anything before . 
 evan 's shoulder popped ; i felt it . 
 my eyes opened , shocked , and i gasped aloud . 
 i 'd meant to help him but i 'd hurt him even more . 
 i could n't bear to look , did n't want to see the others descend upon him in bloodthirsty panic . 
 and yet i did n't want to never see him again , either . 
 i wanted to hold his hand and feel his warmth . 
 i wanted him to touch my cheek and smile at me and talk to me as if i was just a regular person again . 
 i wanted it so badly it hurt . 
 unlike physical pain , this pain was n't dulled . 
 dumbfounded , scared and panicked , eyes wide and fearful , i watched as evan scrambled up the tree easily and leaped onto the top of the wall . 
 he sat down next to me , legs dangling over the sides , while the others below us tried to grab his feet . 
 `` whew ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` that was close . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , staring at him . 
 i did n't understand any of this . 
 `` oh . 
 thanks for that . 
 i must have kind of popped my shoulder out of place a little when i caught you before . 
 nothing too bad , just really painful if you do n't let it fix itself . 
 i could have done it if i had some time , but , you know ? '' 
 he offered a curt nod to the ground and the others snatching for his boots . 
 `` your way was much quicker . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 evan grabbed his crossbow and quiver and strapped them to his back again , then twisted around and jumped off the wall into the alleyway below . 
 standing patiently and waiting for me , he held out his arms as if to catch me . 
 `` i 'm not letting you catch me , '' i said . 
 he laughed . 
 `` that might be for the best . '' 
 i jumped fine and landed beside him . 
 `` do you have a place to stay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i blinked at him , eyes hazy . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't actually know how that works . 
 i assume you go somewhere for the night , though ? 
 or just whenever ? 
 i 'm not sure . 
 do you have a home or , uh ... do you wander around the city ? '' 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` yes . 
 there 's a house outside the city in the forest . 
 it 's off a side road . 
 i usually go there . 
 it 's not too far away and it 's quiet and nice . 
 i. . . '' 
 i paused because i did n't want to say this to him , but i knew i had to . 
 `` i should go now , then . 
 it was nice meeting -- '' he stopped me . 
 `` i 'll walk you home . '' 
 taking my hand in his , offering me his warmth once more , he smiled . 
 `` it 's the least i can do , right ? '' 
 ... after sneaking through the city and leaving by way of one of the back roads , evan and i walked easily the rest of the way to my home . 
 my home , i thought . 
 i was going to show it to him , but i had n't expected to ever show it to anyone . 
 it was n't truly mine , either . 
 i 'd claimed it , as it was , though who knew if the previous owners cared too much . 
 i had n't seen them -- or anyone -- in the few months that i 'd stayed there . 
 the driveway was long and winding ; hardpacked dirt surrounded on either side by trees . 
 at the end , in a clearing , was the house and the yard . 
 whoever lived here before probably liked their privacy , and i liked mine , too . 
 i never really went into the yard , but it was nice , with a fenced in section in the back and a more open space in the front and sides . 
 a big place , but not in the grand scheme of things . 
 just a small cutaway section in the middle of nowhere , nothing that would ever really catch someone 's eye . 
 or so i thought . 
 `` wow , '' evan said . 
 we walked side by side , holding hands , arms swaying back and forth . 
 `` how did you find this place ? 
 was it yours before ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` they abandoned it . 
 i do n't remember how i found it . '' 
 `` you do n't remember ? '' 
 halfway down the driveway , only a little more to go . 
 i thought maybe i should 've ignored his question and changed the subject , but the words came out of my mouth , unbidden . 
 `` i think it 's this way for everyone , '' i said . 
 `` everyone like me ; the zombies . 
 we get lost . 
 i do n't know how to explain it besides that . 
 almost all the time i feel lost and alone and confused , like i should be going somewhere , but i do n't know where to go . 
 i wander a lot because of that . 
 just kind of in a daze , you know ? 
 i walked out of the city one day into the woods and then i ended up here . '' 
 we reached the end of the driveway , walking the last few steps in silence . 
 i started to head for the stairs up a tiny hill that led to the front porch and door , but evan stopped me . 
 pulling me back to him , squeezing my hand , he said . 
 `` you 're not a zombie , sadie . '' 
 `` i know you 're trying to act kind , '' i said , taking my hand away ; feeling sad when he let me go . 
 `` i am , though . 
 i do n't have a heartbeat anymore . 
 i 've tried to feel it before , but i ca n't find it . 
 i 'm dead , evan . 
 i do n't know how to tell you that and i do n't want to be that , but that 's what i am . '' 
 `` let me try , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't think you 're dead . 
 let me see if i can find your pulse . '' 
 i furrowed my brow at him , harrumphing , but decided to give in . 
 shoving my arm out towards him , palm upraised , i said , `` go ahead , but you wo n't find anything . '' 
 his blazing fingers wrapped around my wrist . 
 resting his thumb on the outer part of my upturned hand , he went about proving me right . 
 i stood there , watching him , knowing i should n't get my hopes up but wondering if maybe i was wrong . 
 i knew i was n't , though . 
 i breathed in and out , and still nothing . 
 evan waited patiently for a few seconds , shifting his thumb a little this way and that , but i recognized that look on his face . 
 he had n't found anything either and would soon need to accept what i 'd told him . 
 he frowned , looking from my wrist to my face , ready to speak , but then he hesitated . 
 his eyes lit up , a smile on his face , and he shook his head fast . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` no what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 i sounded desperate , i knew it , but i needed him to say something more than `` no . '' 
 what did he mean ? 
 why did he look excited ? 
 what was going on ? 
 `` it 's faint . 
 a little weak , but i can feel it . 
 your pulse is very low , though . 
 that 's probably why you 're body temp is lower . 
 i ca n't say with absolute certainty , but i think it 's maybe six or seven beats per minute . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' i said . 
 i wanted to believe him . 
 i wanted to cry and hug him and tell him he was the only person who 'd given me any hope in such a very long time , but i could n't . 
 if i believed him , i knew it would only hurt me more when i realized the truth later . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 `` i appreciate the nice lie , '' i said , gazing off into the trees while he took my other hand and placed my fingers on my wrist . 
 `` i think it 's nice of you to do that and i do n't hate you for it , but you can tell me the truth . 
 we 're both adults here . '' 
 my fingers lay on my wrist , motionless . 
 everything was motionless . 
 i had no pulse , no heartbeat . 
 maybe i had no heart ? 
 what if that 's what happened ? 
 four chambers in my chest , shriveling up inside me , transforming into nothing more than a hardened lump of muscle . 
 a throbbing bump . 
 my eyes widened and i stared at my wrist . 
 it had taken awhile , but i felt something . 
 evan laughed , excited . 
 `` see ? '' 
 `` it was a mistake , '' i said . 
 `` let me feel more . '' 
 he nodded and moved close to me , resting his hands on my forearms by my elbow . 
 i felt glistening , warm , and giddy . 
 maybe ten seconds or so later , i felt it again . 
 bump ! 
 i laughed . 
 i wanted to jump around and dance and scream at the sky , but instead i grabbed evan and kissed him . 
 i did n't know where that came from , except maybe i needed to because he was the only person around ? 
 was that all , though ? 
 a flood of emotion swelled through me as our lips touched . 
 i felt alive and healthy , warm and pulsating . 
 i was n't dancing , i was kissing , but my body could n't quite tell the difference at the moment . 
 some quivering cadence of molten fire surged through me . 
 i nearly passed out from the raw feeling of it . 
 overwhelmed , the warmth crashed into me and made me shaky on my feet . 
 i teetered from side to side in a strange , intoxicated state , and would have fallen if evan had n't caught me . 
 the warmth of his fingers was softer than the heat of his lips and it leveled me to a more balanced state of pleasure . 
 i stared at him . 
 he looked at me , concerned , but not too much . 
 happy , yes , and worried , and curious . 
 i liked evan . 
 he seemed like a nice person . 
 `` do you want to come in ? '' 
 i asked . 
 ... i should n't have invited anyone into my house , because i never cleaned it . 
 not to say it was horribly dirty , but it was n't in the best of shape before i arrived , and i 'd done nothing to fix it up afterwards , either . 
 i used the kitchen for the bowls , spoons , the microwave , and a can opener , then the bedroom for the bed and the bookcase , and that was about it . 
 we stumbled inside , tripping over a clutter of jackets laying on the ground near the coat closet . 
 `` it 's nothing fancy , '' i said . 
 `` i should clean more , but it 's difficult to remember to . '' 
 `` this is a really nice house , '' he said , awed . 
 `` i love it . 
 i used to live with another guy before everything happened , so i do n't mind the clutter too much . 
 it 's not even that bad to be honest . '' 
 `` i try to take out the trash at the very least , '' i said . 
 why was i telling him this ? 
 i sounded like some dirty loser . 
 `` i do n't eat much , though . 
 i get full really fast . 
 i think that 's a part of this ? 
 i 'm not sure . '' 
 evan nodded , listening , peering around my home . 
 he moved past me and walked into the dining area with the open kitchen to the right . 
 there was a living room off to the left , open as well , then a glass door in front of us leading to a porch and the backyard . 
 `` this is nice , '' he said , removing his crossbow and quiver from his back and tucking them into a corner of the living room . 
 `` too bad that huge tv does n't work . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` it does work , actually , but i do n't use it . 
 there 's nothing ever on . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` look . 
 come here . '' 
 pointing the way through the rear glass door , i showed him the generator hidden near the back side of the house . 
 `` i fill it with gas from a nearby gas station . 
 it 's been running fine since i came . 
 i try not to use it often , though , because i do n't know how long it 'll last . 
 i love it , though . 
 it 's not much , but ... '' `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 you can tell me if you want . 
 i wo n't think it 's strange . '' 
 i laughed because that was exactly what i 'd been thinking . 
 strange , sadie . 
 why are you telling this man you 've just met about all the terrible things that are wrong with you ? 
 i was kind of surprised he had n't run away screaming yet . 
 `` i turn it on for a few minutes every couple of days to use the microwave , '' i whispered . 
 `` i heat up a can of beans or soup or whatever i can find while i 'm out and about -- '' oh , yes , out and about . 
 like i was just heading to the store to do some weekly shopping . 
 `` it really helps . 
 i know it 's dumb , but when i eat hot food , i feel normal for a little while . 
 i do n't know how long , but it helps . '' 
 i felt so emotional and stunted , like i was some shriveled plant begging a gardener to water me . 
 except i was n't a nice plant like a rose bush , nor a useful plant like a tomato vine . 
 i was n't even common grass . 
 i was some hideous weed that everyone wanted to get rid of , to toss out , except if you did n't do it properly i 'd just grow back and piss you off even more . 
 i did n't want to do that , i did n't want to annoy anyone and continue growing where i did n't belong , but i did n't have any other choice , either . 
 `` it 's probably been a long day for you , huh ? '' 
 evan asked . 
 `` you 're probably tired . '' 
 this was it . 
 he was going to pluck me up and toss me out , make some excuse for me to go to bed and then leave me alone . 
 `` i 'm not too tired , '' i said , praying i did n't sound desperate . 
 i knew i did , but i did n't want to . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i wished i was . 
 `` i ate yesterday . '' 
 `` ah . 
 right . '' 
 `` my bedroom 's over here , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll probably lay down for a little while . 
 i 'm sure i 'll feel better when i get up . '' 
 a lie , of course . 
 he probably knew that , but i offered him the escape anyways . 
 there was n't anything wrong with leaving while i slept , since that 's what most people did . 
 an easy out , a way for him to go , and that was that . 
 i stumbled towards the bedroom , feeling the remnants of his touch -- his heat -- fading away from me . 
 he did n't follow me like i knew he would n't . 
 down the hallway off to the side of the living room , past the stairs to the second floor , then into the master bedroom . 
 i stepped inside and closed the door behind me . 
 shambling towards the bed , only a few feet more , i fell onto it . 
 my face hit the blanket-covered mattress and i bounced up and down once before settling into place . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 maybe i should sleep like this ? 
 why not ? 
 who cared ? 
 when i woke up , i 'd be dizzy and disoriented , unsure what was going on , so it hardly mattered . 
 sometimes it took me an hour to push away the haze and realize somewhat about where i was and what had happened , though other times it came faster . 
 the bedroom door opened , then clicked shut , and footsteps approached me while i stared at the blankets . 
 `` what , '' i said , voice muffled by fleece . 
 `` i 'm kind of tired , myself , '' evan said . 
 `` i did n't want to intrude in the rest of the house , so i thought i 'd come in here . 
 if you do n't mind lending me a pillow , maybe i could sleep on your floor ? 
 a blanket would be nice , but i do n't need one . '' 
 i spun around fast , laying on my back , and lifted my head up to look at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i can leave if -- '' `` no , it 's alright . 
 you do n't have to sleep on the floor . 
 it 's a big bed . 
 i do n't know if there 's anymore blankets , so we can share one . '' 
 my eyes darted towards the closed closet by the bedroom door where there were shelves filled with blankets . 
 evan laughed . 
 `` if that 's alright . 
 i do n't want to bother you . '' 
 `` it 's not a bother , '' i said , sitting up . 
 i felt colder now , but the prospect of his warm body beneath the blanket with me gave me hope and promise of feeling nicer soon . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i asked , shifting around the bed , fixing things , making it look nice and presentable . 
 i turned down one corner and patted that side , beckoning evan over . 
 `` i do n't want to sound perverted , '' he said . 
 `` i was thinking , though . 
 if you 're alright with it , maybe we could sleep nak * d ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` um ? '' 
 flustered , he let out a laugh and scratched his head . 
 `` yeah ... that came out wrong . 
 i meant that , well , you like the feeling of warmth , right ? 
 i 'm not trying to pressure or coerce you into this , and i swear i 'll be a gentleman , but like i mentioned , i used to be an emt , and it 's a common survival tactic for people trapped in cold weather . 
 i 'm sure you 're fine , but i thought it might help . 
 we do n't have to if you do n't want to . '' 
 `` alright , '' i said . 
 shimmying to the edge of the bed , i grabbed the skirt of my dress and started lifting it up my legs . 
 `` alright what ? '' 
 evan asked . 
 the dress slid up my body , past my stomach , and i grabbed the sides and lifted it up the rest of the way off . 
 sitting on the bed in my bra and panties , i looked at him . 
 `` we can do what you said , '' i said , pulling off my shoes and socks . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i scooted under the bed , hiding beneath the blankets , then pulled off my panties and unclasped my bra . 
 i tossed both undergarments onto the floor with my dress . 
 evan stood stockstill , staring at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed . 
 `` oh . 
 right . 
 i hope i did n't come across as odd , that 's all . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't want to say more because i did n't want to scare him off . 
 evan began undressing . 
 i watched him , savoring it . 
 he unbuttoned the front of his shirt and then slipped his arms out of the sleeves . 
 letting his shirt fall to the ground , he started unbuckling his belt . 
 unbuttoning and unzipping his pants , he let them fall to his ankles , too . 
 he kicked his shoes off and stepped out of his pants . 
 it was n't exactly the most erotic thing , but i could n't stop looking at him . 
 he stood in the middle of my bedroom near the foot of my bed wearing only his boxers . 
 slightly tented in the front , i saw a faint glimpse of his half-erect c * ck peeking through the slit in the front of his underwear . 
 ignoring me , or not noticing me ogling him , evan rushed to the other side of the bed , lifted up the blankets , and slipped under . 
 mesmerized , i watched his c * ck bounce beneath his underwear as he ran over . 
 he fidgeted under the blankets until he managed to remove his boxers , then tossed them off to the side . 
 `` how do you want to do this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i thought you were the professional . '' 
 i turned to look at him and he shrugged , relaxing . 
 `` right , '' he said . 
 `` i think the best way is to spoon . 
 so just -- '' i inched towards him beneath the covers and he came to meet me halfway . 
 huddled under the blankets in the middle of the bed , we joined together in some awkward display of fidgeting and fixing this , figuring things out , moving here and there . 
 i faced away from him and he slowly approached me . 
 his hand touched my hip . 
 i let out a gasp at the heat of it . 
 `` i 'll go slow , '' he said . 
 gently , carefully , we came together . 
 evan pressed towards me , easing me into the sensation of warmth infringing upon my previously cool exterior . 
 his hand touched my back , igniting sparks on my skin . 
 i arched towards him , biting my lower lip . 
 i doubted he had this in mind when he 'd suggested we do this , but i could n't help it . 
 evan 's chest pressed against my back . 
 slow at first , barely grazing my skin , soothing and nice , then moving more until we lay tight together . 
 his hand on my hip moved forwards , unsure , until he touched against my taut stomach . 
 i breathed in sharply , exhilarated at his warmth , but not wanting to tell him for fear he 'd run away from me . 
 what would i say , anyways ? 
 oh , yes , i really like this . 
 i mean i really like it . 
 i 'd already said enough to scared him off , but he stayed , and i refused to risk it by saying more needless things . 
 evan wrapped one leg around mine , holding me close . 
 he seemed careful and delicate , not wanting to push this over the edge towards obvious impoliteness . 
 i understood and i tried to act the same , but it was difficult . 
 it was n't difficult because of his chest pressed against my back or his hand touching my side and holding my stomach . 
 nor was it difficult because of his chin near my shoulders or his leg tangled with mine . 
 no , none of that . 
 his c * ck was still semi-hard and no matter how much he tried to inch the center of his body away from me , i could feel the heat of it touching against my butt . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , even though i knew exactly what was wrong . 
 i twisted in his arms , looking over my shoulder at him . 
 `` sorry , '' evan said , giving me a sheepish grin . 
 `` i swear i 'm not trying to come on to you here . 
 down there . 
 you know ? 
 it 'll die down . 
 just a natural reaction . 
 i 'm really sorry about that . '' 
 `` it 's alright , '' i said . 
 i pushed back against him , reveling in the fire of his body . 
 he did n't move away this time , did n't try to escape from me . 
 we 'd gotten over that , it seemed . 
 it would die down , a natural reaction . 
 i did n't want it to die down , though . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 i asked . 
 evan breathed hard against my neck , distracted . 
 `` there 's a survivor 's camp on the other side of the city . 
 i live there with some others . 
 it 's mostly a bunch of tents , but we 've got all the necessities . '' 
 `` is that your long term plan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is anyone planning something else ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i shifted beneath the blankets . 
 my h * ps wiggled back against his hardening cock , teasing against it . 
 careful , slow , i spread my legs slightly , shifting back further and further . 
 the heat from his c * ck brushed against the bottom curves of my ass and inwards towards the center of my thighs . 
 evan gulped , having said nothing more than `` well ... '' once i started moving . 
 `` we 're ... we 're settling down for the long haul , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not sure what the plans are after that . 
 i 'm studying , of course , and we 're stocking up supplies . 
 once winter comes it 'll be rough , but maybe we can find someplace to stay that 's safe . 
 we have a few more months until that , though . '' 
 `` evan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , sadie ? '' 
 `` do you like me ? '' 
 i sidled backwards , sneaking around until the head of his c * ck touched lightly against the lips of my p ** sy . 
 shifting just a tiny bit more , i angled him and i so that one slight movement would bring us together fully . 
 `` sadie ... '' he said , at a loss for words . 
 `` i know that this is wrong , '' i said . 
 `` i really do . 
 i should n't put you into this situation . 
 i 'm ... i know that you 'll deny it , but i know what i am , evan . 
 even if i have a pulse , i 'm not normal . 
 i 'm inhuman . '' 
 evan pushed forward , rolling his hips . 
 the head of his c * ck disappeared into my cool slit . 
 cool before , but not for long . 
 a raging inferno flared through my body , stimying my cold and replacing it with warm , lush arousal . 
 `` evan , '' i whispered , frantic . 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 it was silly of me . 
 we should n't do this . '' 
 he pressed his lips against the nape of my neck , lighting me ablaze with his touch . 
 i let out a cry and my body tensed tight , desperate for his heat . 
 `` i want to , '' he said . 
 `` you 're beautiful , sadie . '' 
 i nodded my head up and down , unsure why i was even nodding . 
 he 'd said something , yes , and i loved hearing it , but i became mindless once more when he pressed further inside of me . 
 his c * ck dipped between my folds , pushing into my p ** sy , further and further still until i felt the wondrous feeling of his pelvis held tight against my rear . 
 he was all the way inside of me , deep . 
 i shivered in delight and he held me close to him . 
 his lips kissed along my neck and my shoulders and his hand gently caressed my stomach . 
 his leg wrapped around mine , entwined , pulling me closer to him and he pressed inside of me more , filling me as much as he could . 
 `` i was worried , '' evan said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , gasping out the word . 
 `` i do n't usually do this , '' he said . 
 `` i like you , sadie , but i do n't have casual sex . 
 i. . . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry evan but i ca n't think right now . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` alright . '' 
 i would 've been completely content if he just stayed inside of me . 
 he did n't need to move or do anything in particular to make me happy . 
 he did , though . 
 easing himself out of me , his thick warmth heating my core , he settled the head of his c * ck at the entrance to my slit , then pushed right back in . 
 a piston of fire , melting me inside and out . 
 i tensed against him , squeezing my thighs shut , my inner walls clamping down tight on his cock . 
 evan kissed me and held me and made love to me . 
 his throbbing c * ck teased me into a heightened awareness of myself and my body . 
 everywhere he touched , inside of me or out , he left light tingles across my skin . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on our intimacy . 
 like small fireworks being set off inside me , his heat flared to the forefront of my thoughts . 
 crackling sparks shifted around me in my mind and i felt like we might ignite the bed and burst into flames if we continued . 
 the bed did n't catch fire , but right then i doubted i would have cared if it did . 
 `` sadie , '' evan said , his voice thick and heavy . 
 `` mm , '' i murred . 
 `` i 'm going to soon . 
 i. . . 
 you feel so good . '' 
 `` it 's alright , '' i said , feeling glassy and soft . 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 his very essence filled me , his soul , like a hearth , warming his body . 
 he warmed me , too , built me up , made me feel wanted . 
 and hot . 
 i clenched around his cock , shivering in delight whenever he pressed through my defenses . 
 so deep inside of me , tight and fiery , then slowly easing out . 
 i gasped through ragged breath , shuddering at the sensation of our coupling . 
 soon , he said . 
 i thought i was already there . 
 i started as kindling , but he fed me a spark . 
 i savored it , tended to it , and when he gave me more i accepted it fully . 
 now i had a full blown fire , but i wanted more . 
 i wanted a pyre , conflagration , burning combustion . 
 my body blazed and i spasmed as my orgasm overtook me . 
 quaking and clenching , clutching hard against his cock , i practically roared with each of his thrusts . 
 high up now , soaring , i felt like some elemental being made of pure flames . 
 crackling , crisp and delightful . 
 evan pushed hard into me and held himself there . 
 i squeezed against him , massaging his c * ck with my frenzied cli ** x . 
 he pulsed inside of me , once , twice , and more . 
 deep and hard and , oh , so wonderful . 
 he came . 
 his seed filled me completely , finding every possible spot that his c * ck had n't heated already and finalizing my sultry fire . 
 i shuddered and shook in his arms , blinded by the flickering firelight behind my closed eyes . 
 evan held me tight , embraced me , squeezing me against him . 
 his c * ck twitched inside of me as i coaxed forth more of his cream with my desirous cli ** x . 
 he held me and kissed my neck and my shoulders and strained to kiss my cheek . 
 i nearly died ; i felt so overloaded with pleasure . 
 this was unlike anything i 'd ever felt before . 
 i wanted more . 
 evan softened inside of me and i fluttered down from my sexual high . 
 slow , gentle , still ablaze , i could at least think better now , though . 
 i turned to him and pursed my lips and tried to kiss him and he slid forward and touched his lips to mine . 
 `` i can think again , '' i said , giddy . 
 `` i 'm sorry i interrupted you . '' 
 `` it 's alright , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't say i minded . '' 
 `` what were you saying about ... about ... '' i remembered now . 
 casual , he said . 
 casual sex . 
 this was that , was n't it ? 
 i fell , dropped , cooled down suddenly . 
 `` i do n't want this to be casual , '' he said . 
 `` sadie , i 'd like to see you again , if that 's alright ? '' 
 i spun around . 
 his c * ck slipped out of my folds , leaving a taste of warmth and coolness where it had once lay inside me , but i did n't care . 
 i hugged him and wrapped my legs and arms around him , pulling him to me . 
 i kissed him , ignoring the tingling flares sparking along my lips whenever we touched . 
 he kissed me , too , caught up in my passion . 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 he asked when i finally let him free for a second . 
 `` you 'll really come back ? '' 
 i asked , still unsure if this was all real or imaginary . 
 `` i 'd like to . 
 i. . . '' 
 he paused and frowned . 
 `` i need to leave in the morning . 
 if i do n't , they 'll send someone looking for me . 
 i was n't even supposed to be in the city today . 
 i was supposed to be hunting . 
 i 'll come back , though . 
 i promise . '' 
 i listened and nodded . 
 i touched my nose against his and laughed at the tickling feel of it . 
 he smiled and watched me with glimmering , happy eyes . 
 `` you do n't think i 'm ... strange , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i know i 'm different . 
 i 'm sorry about that , evan . 
 i do n't look nice anymore . 
 i ca n't help it but i 'll try . 
 i might be able to find some makeup to cover up my skin . 
 it 's this color all the time and i do n't know why . 
 i 'll try to look regular for you . 
 i 'll ... '' `` sadie , '' evan said , shushing me by putting his finger on my lips . 
 `` i think you 're beautiful . 
 you do n't have to do anything special for me . 
 i like you the way you are . '' 
 did he really , though ? 
 i thought about it while we huddled together , cuddling . 
 drifting to sleep , happy for the first time in months , i wondered if this could work . 
 everything seemed perfect now , but what about when he left ? 
 the haze would overtake me , spreading throughout my body . 
 coolness replacing evan 's warmth and confusion muddling my mind . 
 and then what ? 
