 richard kinnell was n't frightened when he first saw the picture at the yard sale in rosewood . 
 he was fascinated by it , and he felt he 'd had the good luck to find something which might be very special , but fright ? 
 no . 
 it did n't occur to him until later -lrb- `` not until it was too late , '' as he might have written in one of his own numbingly successful novels -rrb- that he had felt much the same way about certain illegal drugs as a young man . 
 he had gone down to boston to participate in a pen/new england conference tided `` the threat of popularity . '' 
 you could count on pen to come up with such subjects , kinnell had found ; it was actually sort of comforting . 
 he drove the two hundred and sixty miles from derry rather than flying because he 'd come to a plot impasse on his latest book and wanted some quiet time to try to work it out . 
 at the conference , he sat on a panel where people who should have known better asked him where he got his ideas and if he ever scared himself . 
 he left the city by way of the tobin bridge , then got on route 1 . 
 he never took the turnpike when he was trying to work out problems ; the turnpike lulled him into a state that was like dreamless , waking sleep . 
 it was restful , but not very creative . 
 the stop-and-go traffic on the coast road , however , acted like grit inside an oyster-it created a fair amount of mental activity ... and sometimes even a pearl . 
 not , he supposed , that his critics would use that word . 
 in an issue of esquire last year , bradley simons had begun his review of nightmare city this way : `` richard kinnell , who writes like jeffery dahmer cooks , has suffered a fresh bout of projectile vomiting . 
 he has tided this most recent mass of ejecta nightmare city . '' 
 route 1 took him through revere , malden , everett , and up the coast to newburyport . 
 beyond newburyport and just south of the massachusetts-new hampshire border was the tidy little town of rosewood . 
 a mile or so beyond the town center , he saw an array of cheap-looking goods spread out on the lawn of a two-story cape . 
 propped against an avocado-colored electric stove was a sign reading yard sale . 
 cars were parked on both sides of the road , creating one of those bottlenecks which travelers unaffected by the yard sale mystique curse their way through . 
 kinnell liked yard sales , particularly the boxes of old books you sometimes found at them . 
 he drove through the bottleneck , parked his audi at the head of the line of cars pointed toward maine and new hampshire , then walked back . 
 a dozen or so people were circulating on the littered front lawn of the blue-and-gray cape cod . 
 a large television stood to the left of the cement walk , its feet planted on four paper ashtrays that were doing absolutely nothing to protect the lawn . 
 on top was a sign reading make an offer-you might be surprised . 
 an electrical cord , augmented by an extension , mailed back from the tv and through the open front door . 
 a fat woman sat in a lawn chair before it , shaded by an umbrella with cinzano printed on the colorful scalloped flaps . 
 there was a card table beside her with a cigar box , a pad of paper , and another handlettered sign on it . 
 this sign read all sales cash , all sales final . 
 the tv was on , turned to an afternoon soap opera where two beautiful young people looked on the verge of having deeply unsafe sex . 
 the fat woman glanced at kinnell , then back at the tv . 
 she looked at it for a moment , then looked back at him again . 
 this time her mouth was slightly sprung . 
 ah , kinnell thought , looking around for the liquor box fined with paperbacks that was sure to be here someplace , a fan . 
 he did n't see any paperbacks , but he saw the picture , leaning against an ironing board and held in place by a couple of plastic laundry baskets , and his breath stopped in his throat . 
 he wanted it at once . 
 he walked over with a casualness that felt exaggerated and dropped to one knee in front of it . 
 the painting was a watercolor , and technically very good . 
 kinnell did n't care about that ; technique did n't interest him -lrb- a fact the critics of his own work had duly noted -rrb- . 
 what he liked in works of art was content , and the more unsettling the better . 
 this picture scored high in that department . 
 he knelt between the two laundry baskets , which had been filled with a jumble of small appliances , and let his fingers slip over the glass facing of the picture . 
 he glanced around briefly , looking for others like it , and saw none - only the usual yard sale art collection of little bo peeps , praying hands , and gambling dogs . 
 he looked back at the framed watercolor , and in his mind he was already moving his suitcase into the backseat of the audi so he could slip the picture comfortably into the trunk . 
 it showed a young man behind the wheel of a muscle car-maybe a grand am , maybe a gtx , something with a t-top , anyway - crossing the tobin bridge at sunset . 
 the t-top was off , turning the black car into a half-assed convertible . 
 the young man 's left arm . 
 was cocked on the door , his right wrist was draped casually over the wheel . 
 behind him , the sky was a bruise-colored mass of yellows and grays , streaked with veins of pink . 
 the young man had lank blond hair that spilled over his low forehead . 
 he was grinning , and his parted lips revealed teeth which were not teeth at all but fangs . 
 or maybe they 're filed to points , kinnell thought . 
 maybe he 's supposed to be a cannibal . 
 he liked that ; liked the idea of a cannibal crossing the tobin bridge at sunset . 
 in a grand am . 
 he knew what most of the audience at the pen panel discussion would have thought - oh , yes , great picture for rich kinnell he probably wants it for inspiration , a feather to tickle his tired old gorge into one more fit of projectile vomiting-but most of those folks were ignoramuses , at least as far as his work went , and what was more , they treasured their ignorance , cossetted it the way some people inexplicably treasured and cossetted those stupid , mean-spirited little dogs that yapped at visitors and sometimes bit the paperboy 's ankles . 
 he had n't been attracted to this painting because he wrote horror stories ; he wrote horror stories because he was attracted to things like this painting . 
 his fans sent him stuff - pictures , mostly - and he threw most of them away , not because they were bad art but because they were tiresome and predictable . 
 one fan from omaha had sent him a little ceramic sculpture of a screaming , horrified monkey 's head poking out of a refrigerator door , however , and that one he had kept . 
 it was unskillfully executed , but there was an unexpected juxtaposition there that lit up his dials . 
 this painting had some of the same quality , but it was even better . 
 much better . 
 as he was reaching for it , wanting to pick it up right now , this second , wanting to tuck it under his arm and proclaim his intentions , a voice spoke up behind him : `` are n't you richard kinnell ? '' 
 he jumped , then turned . 
 the fat woman was standing directly behind him , blotting out most of the immediate landscape . 
 she had put on fresh lipstick before approaching , and now her mouth had been transformed into a bleeding grin . 
 `` yes , i am , '' he said , smiling back . 
 her eyes dropped to the picture . 
 `` i should have known you 'd go right to that , '' she said , simpering . 
 `` it 's so you . '' 
 `` it is , is n't it ? '' 
 he said , and smiled his best celebrity smile . 
 `` how much would you need for it ? '' 
 `` forty-five dollars , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll be honest with you , i started it at seventy , but nobody likes it , so now it 's marked down . 
 if you come back tomorrow , you can probably have it for thirty . '' 
 the simper had grown to frightening proportions . 
 kinnell could see little gray spit-buds in the dimples at the comers of her stretched mouth . 
 `` i do n't think i want to take that chance , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll write you a check right now . '' 
 the simper continued to stretch ; the woman now looked like some grotesque john waters parody . 
 divine does shirley temple . 
 `` i 'm really not supposed to take checks , but all right , '' she said , her tone that of a teenage girl finally consenting to have sex with her boyfriend . 
 `` only while you have your pen out , could you write an autograph for my daughter ? 
 her name is michela ? '' 
 `` what a beautiful name , '' kinnell said automatically . 
 he took the picture and followed the fat woman back to the card table . 
 on the tv next to it , the lustful young people had been temporarily displaced by an elderly woman gobbling bran flakes . 
 `` i do n't know , '' kinnell said , smiling more widely than ever . 
 `` they just come to me . 
 is n't that amazing ? . '' 
 the yard sale minder 's name was judy diment , and she lived in the house next door . 
 when kinnell asked her if she knew who the artist happened to be , she said she certainly did ; bobby hastings had done it , and bobby hastings was the reason she was selling off the hastings ' things . 
 `` that 's the only painting he did n't bum , '' she said . 
 `` poor iris ! 
 she 's the one i really feel sorry for . 
 i do n't think george cared much , really . 
 and i know he did n't understand why she wants to sell the house . '' 
 she rolled her eyes in her large , sweaty face - the old can-you-imagine-that look . 
 she took kinnell 's check when he tore it off , then gave him the pad where she had written down all the items she 'd sold and the prices she 'd obtained for them . 
 `` just make it out to michela , '' she said . 
 `` pretty please with sugar on it ? '' 
 the simper reappeared , like an old acquaintance you 'd hoped was dead . 
 `` uh-huh , '' kinnell said , and wrote his standard thanks-for-being-a-fan message . 
 he did n't have to watch his hands or even think about it anymore , not after twenty-five years of writing autographs . 
 `` tell me about the picture , and the hastingses . '' 
 judy diment folded her pudgy hands in the manner of a woman about to recite a favorite story . 
 `` bobby was just twenty-three when he killed himself this spring . 
 can you believe that ? 
 he was the tortured genius type , you know , but still living at home . '' 
 her eyes rolled , again asking kinnell if he could imagine it . 
 `` he must have had seventy , eighty paintings , plus all his sketchbooks . 
 down in the basement , they were . '' 
 she pointed her chin at the cape cod , then looked at the picture of the fiendish young man driving across the tobin bridge at sunset . 
 `` iris-that 's bobby 's mother - said most of them were real bad , lots worse 'n this . 
 stuff that 'd curl your hair . '' 
 she lowered her voice to a whisper , glancing at a woman who was looking at the hastings ' mismatched silverware and a pretty good collection of old mcdonald 's plastic glasses in a honey , i shrunk the kids motif . 
 `` most of them had sex stuff in them . '' 
 `` oh no , '' kinnell said . 
 `` he did the worst ones after he got on drugs , '' judy diment continued . 
 `` after he was dead-he hung himself down in the basement , where he used to paint-they found over a hundred of those little bottles they sell crack cocaine in . 
 are n't drugs awful , mr. kinnell ? '' 
 `` they sure are . '' 
 `` anyway , i guess he finally just got to the end of his rope , no pun intended . 
 he took all of his sketches and paintings out into the back yard-except for that one , i guess - and burned them . 
 then he hung himself down in the basement . 
 he pinned a note to his shirt . 
 it said , ' i ca n't stand what 's happening to me . ' 
 is n't that awful , mr. kinnell ? 
 is n't that just the awfulest thing you ever heard ? '' 
 ` yes , '' kinnell said , sincerely enough . 
 `` it just about is . '' 
 ` like i say , i think george would go right on living in the house if he had his druthers , '' judy diment said . 
 she took the sheet of paper with michela 's autograph on it , held it up next to kinnell 's check , and shook her head , as if the similarity of the signatures amazed her . 
 `` but men are different . '' 
 `` are they ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , much less sensitive . 
 by the end of his life , bobby hastings was just skin and bone , dirty all the time-you could smell him - and he wore the same t-shirt , day in and day out . 
 it had a picture of the led zeppelins on it . 
 his eyes were red , he had a scraggle on his cheeks that you could n't quite call a beard , and his pimples were coming back , like he was a teenager again . 
 but she loved him , because a mother 's love sees past all those things . '' 
 the woman who had been looking at the silverware and the glasses came over with a set of star wars placemats . 
 mrs. diment took five i dollars for them , wrote the sale carefully down on her pad below `` one doz . 
 assorted potholders and hotpads , '' then turned back to kinnell . 
 they went out to arizona , '' she said , `` to stay with iris 's folks . 
 i know george is looking for work out there in flagstaff-he 's a draftsman-but i do n't know if he 's found any yet . 
 if he has , i suppose we might not ever see them again here in rosewood . 
 she marked out all the stuff she wanted me to sell-iris did - and told me i could keep twenty percent for my trouble . 
 i 'll send a check for the rest . 
 there wo n't be much . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` the picture is great , '' kinnell said . 
 `` yeah , too bad he burned the rest , because most of this other stuff is your standard yard sale crap , pardon my french . 
 what 's that ? '' 
 kinnell had turned the picture around . 
 there was a length of dymotape pasted to the back . 
 `` a tide , i think . '' 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 he grabbed the picture by the sides and held it up so she could read it for herself this put the picture at eye level to him , and he studied it eagerly , once again taken by the simpleminded weirdness of the subject . 
 , kid behind the wheel of a muscle car , a kid with a nasty , knowing grin that revealed the filed points of an even nastier set of teeth . 
 it fits , he thought . 
 if ever a title futted a painting , this one does . '' 
 the road virus heads north , '' she read . 
 `` i never noticed that when my boys were lugging stuff out . 
 is it the tide , do you think ? '' 
 `` must be . '' 
 kinnell could n't take his eyes off the blond kid 's grin . 
 i know something , the grin said . 
 i know something you never will . 
 `` i 've got to be heading north myself , '' kinnell said , tucking the picture under his arm . 
 `` thanks for - '' '' mr. kinnell ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` can i see your driver 's license ? '' 
 she apparently found nothing ironic or even amusing in this request . 
 `` i ought to write the number on the back of your check . '' 
 kinnell put the picture down so he could dig for his wallet . 
 `` sure . 
 you bet . '' 
 the woman who 'd bought the star wars placemats had paused on her way back to her car to watch some of the soap opera playing on the lawn tv . 
 now she glanced at the picture , which kinnell had propped against his shins . 
 `` ag , '' she said . 
 `` who 'd want an ugly old thing like that ? 
 i 'd think about it every time i turned the lights out . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 kinnell asked . 
 kinnell 's aunt trudy lived in wells , which is about six miles north of the maine - new hampshire border . 
 kinnell pulled off at the exit which circled the bright green wells water tower , the one with the comic sign on it -lrb- keep maine green , bring money in letters four feet high -rrb- , and five minutes later he was turning into the driveway of her neat little saltbox house . 
 no tv sinking into the lawn on paper ashtrays here , only aunt trudy 's amiable masses of flowers . 
 kinnell needed to pee and had n't wanted to take care of that in a roadside rest stop when he could come here , but he also wanted an update on all the family gossip . 
 aunt trudy retailed the best ; she was to gossip what zabar 's is to deli . 
 also , of course , he wanted to show her his new acquisition . 
 she came out to meet him , gave him a hug , and covered his face with her patented little birdy-kisses , the ones that had made him shiver all over as a kid . 
 `` want to see something ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` it 'll blow your pantyhose off . '' 
 `` what a charming thought , '' aunt trudy said , clasping her elbows in her palms and looking at him with amusement . 
 he opened the trunk and took out his new picture . 
 it affected her , all right , but not in the way he had expected . 
 the color fell out of her face in a sheet-he had never seen anything quite like it in his entire life . 
 `` it 's horrible , '' she said in a tight , controlled voice . 
 `` i hate it . 
 i suppose i can see what attracted you to it , richie , but what you play at , it does for , real . 
 put it back in your trunk , like a good boy . 
 and when you get to the saco river , why do n't you pull over into the breakdown lane and throw it in ? '' 
 he gaped at her . 
 aunt trudy 's lips were pressed tightly together to stop them trembling , and now her long , thin hands were not just clasping her elbows but clutching them , as if to keep her from flying away . 
 at that moment she looked not sixty-one but ninety-one . '' 
 auntie ? '' 
 kinnell spoke tentatively , not sure what was going on here . 
 `` auntie , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` that . '' 
 she said , unlocking her right hand and pointing at the picture . 
 `` i 'm surprised you do n't feel it more strongly yourself , an imaginative guy like you . '' 
 well , he felt something , obviously he had , or he never would have unlimbered his checkbook in the first place . 
 aunt trudy was feeling something else , though ... or something more . 
 he turned the picture around so he could see it -lrb- he had been holding it out for her , so the side with the dymotaped title faced him -rrb- , and looked at it again . 
 what he saw hit him in the chest and belly like a one-two punch . 
 the picture had changed , that was punch number one . 
 not much , but it had dearly changed . 
 the young blond man 's smile was wider , revealing more of those filed cannibal-teeth . 
 his eyes were squinted down more , too , giving his face a look which was more knowing and nastier than ever . 
 the degree of a smile ... the vista of sharpened teeth widening slightly ... the tilt and squint of the eyes ... all pretty subjective stuff . 
 a person could be mistaken about things like that , and of course he had n't really studied the painting before buying it . 
 also , there had been the distraction of mrs. diment , who could probably talk the cock off a brass monkey . 
 but there was also punch number two , and that was n't subjective . 
 in the darkness of the audi 's trunk , the blond young man had turned his left arm , the one cocked on the door , so that kinnell could now see a tattoo which had been hidden before . 
 it was a vine-wrapped dagger with a bloody tip . 
 below it were words . 
 kinnell could make out death before , and he supposed you did n't have to be a big best-selling novelist to figure out the word that was still hidden . 
 death before dishonor was , after all , just the sort of a thing a hoodoo traveling man like this was apt to have on his arm . 
 and an ace of spades or a pot plant on the other one , kinnell thought . 
 `` you hate it , do n't you , auntie ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' she said , and now he saw an even more amazing thing : she had turned away from him , pretending to look out at the street -lrb- which was dozing and deserted in the hot afternoon sunlight -rrb- , so she would n't have to look at the picture . 
 `` in fact , auntie loathes it . 
 now put it away and come on into the house . 
 i 'll bet you need to use the bathroom . '' 
 aunt trudy recovered her savoir faire almost as soon as the watercolor was back in the trunk . 
 they talked about kinnell 's mother -lrb- pasadena -rrb- , his sister -lrb- baton rouge -rrb- , and his ex-wife , sally -lrb- nashua -rrb- . 
 sally was a space-case who ran an animal shelter out of a double-wide trailer and published two newsletters each month . 
 survivors was filled with astral info and supposedly true tales of the spirit world ; visitors contained the reports of people who 'd had close encounters with space aliens . 
 kinnell no longer went to fan conventions which specialized in fantasy and horror . 
 one sally in a lifetime , he sometimes told people , was enough . 
 when aunt trudy walked him back out to the car , it was fourthirty and he 'd turned down the obligatory dinner invitation . 
 `` i can get most of the way back to derry in daylight , if i leave now . '' 
 kinnell grinned and kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` you 've got quite an imagination yourself , sweetheart . '' 
 `` of course , it runs in the family . 
 are you sure you do n't want to use the facility again before you go ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that 's not why i stop , anyway , not really . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 why do you ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` because you know who 's being naughty and who 's being nice . 
 and you 're not afraid to share what you know . '' 
 `` go on , get going , '' she said , pushing at his shoulder but clearly pleased . 
 `` if i were you , i 'd want to get home quick . 
 i would n't want that nasty guy riding along behind me in the dark , even in the trunk . 
 i mean , did you see his teeth ? 
 ag ! '' 
 he got on the turnpike , trading scenery for speed , and made it as far as the gray service area before deciding to have another look at the picture . 
 some of his aunt 's unease had transmitted itself to him like a germ , but he did n't think that was really the problem . 
 the . 
 problem was his perception that the picture had changed . 
 the service area featured the usual gourmet chow - burgers by roy rogers , cones by tcby - and had a small , littered picnic and dogwalking area at the rear . 
 kinnell parked next to a van with missouri plates , drew in a deep breath , let it out . 
 he 'd driven to boston in order to kill some plot gremlins in the new book , which was pretty ironic . 
 he 'd spent the ride down working out what he 'd say on the panel if certain tough questions were tossed at him , but none had been-once they 'd found out he did n't know where he got his ideas , and yes , he did sometimes scare himself , they 'd only wanted to know how you got an agent . 
 and now , heading back , he could n't think of anything but the damned picture . 
 had it changed ? 
 if it had , if the blond kid 's arm had moved enough so he , kinnell , could read a tattoo which had been partly hidden before , then he could write a column for one of sally 's magazines . 
 hell , a fourpart series . 
 if , on the other hand , it was n't changing , then ... what ? 
 he was suffering a hallucination ? 
 having a breakdown ? 
 that was crap . 
 his life was pretty much in order , and he felt good . 
 had , anyway , until his fascination with the picture had begun to waver into something else , something darker . 
 `` ah , fuck , you just saw it wrong the first time , '' he said out loud as he got out of the car . 
 well , maybe . 
 maybe . 
 it would n't be the first time his head had screwed with his perceptions . 
 that was also a part of what he did . 
 sometimes his imagination got a little ... well ... `` feisty , '' kinnell said , and opened the trunk . 
 he took the picture out of the trunk and looked at it , and it was during the space of the ten seconds when he looked at it without remembering to breathe that he became authentically afraid of the thing , afraid the way you were afraid of a sudden dry rattle in the bushes , afraid the way you were when you saw an insect that would probably sting if you provoked it . 
 the blond driver was grinning insanely at him now-yes , at him , kinnell was sure of it-with those filed cannibal-teeth exposed all the way to the gumlines . 
 his eyes simultaneously glared and laughed . 
 and the tobin bridge was gone . 
 so was the boston skyline . 
 so was the sunset . 
 it was almost dark in the painting now , the car and its wild rider illuminated by a single streetlamp that ran a buttery glow across the road and the car 's chrome . 
 it looked to kinnell as if the car -lrb- he was pretty sure it was a grand am -rrb- was on the edge of a small town on route 1 , and he was pretty sure he knew what town it was-he had driven through it himself only a few hours ago . 
 `` rosewood , '' he muttered . 
 `` that 's rosewood . 
 i 'm pretty sure . '' 
 the road virus was heading north , all right , coming up route 1 just as he had . 
 the blond 's left arm was still cocked out the window , but it had rotated enough back toward its original position so that kinnell could no longer see the tattoo . 
 but he knew it was there , did n't he ? 
 yes , you bet . 
 the blond kid looked like a metallica fan who had escaped from a mental asylum for the criminally insane . 
 `` jesus , '' kinnell whispered , and the word seemed to come from someplace else , not from him . 
 the strength suddenly ran out of his body , ran out like water from a bucket with a hole in the bottom , and he sat down heavily on the curb separating the parking lot from the dog-walking zone . 
 he suddenly understood that this was the truth he 'd missed in all his fiction , this was how people really reacted when they came face-to-face with something which made no rational sense . 
 you felt as if you were bleeding to death , only inside your head . 
 `` no wonder the guy who painted it killed himself , '' he croaked , still staring at the picture , at the ferocious grin , at the eyes that were both shrewd and stupid . 
 there was a note pinned to his shirt , mrs. diment had said . 
 `` i ca n't stand what 's happening to me . '' 
 is n't that awful , mr. kinnell ? 
 yes , it was awful , all right . 
 really awful . 
 he got up , gripping the picture by its top , then strode across the dog-walking area . 
 he kept his eyes trained strictly in front of him , looking for canine land mines . 
 he did not look down at the picture . 
 his legs felt trembly and untrustworthy , but they seemed to support him all right . 
 just ahead , close to the belt of trees at the rear of the service area , was a pretty young thing in white shorts and a red halter . 
 she was walking a cocker spaniel . 
 she began to smile at kinnell , then saw something in his face that straightened her lips out in a hurry . 
 she headed left , and fast . 
 the cocker did n't want to go that fast so she dragged it , coughing , in her wake . 
 the scrubby pines behind the service area sloped down to a boggy area that stank of plant and animal decomposition . 
 the carpet of pine needles was a road litter fallout zone : burger wrappers , paper soft drink cups , tcby napkins , beer cans , empty wine-cooler bottles , cigarette butts . 
 he saw a used condom lying like a dead snail next to a torn pair of panties with the word tuesday stitched on them in cursive girly-girl script . 
 now that he was here , he chanced another look down at the picture . 
 he steeled himself for further changes even for the possibility that the painting would be in motion , like a movie in a frame - but there was none . 
 there did n't have to be , kinnell realized ; the blond kid 's face was enough . 
 that stone-crazy grin . 
 those pointed teeth . 
 the face said , hey , old man , guess what ? 
 i 'm done fucking with civilization . 
 i 'm a representative of the real generation x , the next millennium is tight here behind the wheel of this fine , high-steppin ' mo-sheen . 
 `` this 'll do , '' he said . 
 `` i think this 'll do just fine . '' 
 he raised the picture over his head like a guy holding up some kind of sports trophy for the postgame photographers and then heaved it down the slope . 
 it flipped over twice , the frame caching winks of hazy late-day sun , then struck a tree . 
 the glass facing shattered . 
 the picture fell to the ground and then slid down the dry , needle-carpeted slope , as if down a chute . 
 it landed in the bog , one comer of the frame protruding from a thick stand of reeds . 
 otherwise , there was nothing visible but the strew of broken glass , and kinnell thought that went very well with the rest of the litter . 
 he turned and went back to his car , already picking up his mental trowel . 
 he would wall this incident off in its own special niche , he thought ... and it occurred to him that that was probably what most people did when they ran into stuff like this . 
 liars and wannabees -lrb- or maybe in this case they were wannasees -rrb- wrote up their fantasies for publications like survivors and called them truth ; those who blundered into authentic occult phenomena kept their mouths shut and used those trowels . 
 because when cracks like this appeared in your life , you had to do something about them ; if you did n't , they were apt to widen and sooner or later everything would fall in . 
 kinnell glanced up and saw the pretty young thing watching him apprehensively from what she probably hoped was a safe distance . 
 when she saw him looking at her , she turned around and started toward the restaurant building , once more dragging the cocker spaniel behind her and trying to keep as much sway out of her hips as possible . 
 you think i 'm crazy , do n't you pretty girl ? 
 kinnell thought . 
 he saw he had left his trunk lid up . 
 it gaped like a mouth . 
 he slammed it shut . 
 you and half the fiction-reading population of america , i guess . 
 but i 'm not crazy . 
 absolutely not . 
 i just made a little mistake , that 's all . 
 stopped at a yard sale i should have passed up . 
 anyone could have done it . 
 you could have done it . 
 and that picture '' what picture ? '' 
 rich kinnell asked the hot summer evening , and tried on a smile . 
 `` i do n't see any picture . '' 
 he slid behind the wheel of his audi and started the engine . 
 he looked at the fuel gauge and saw it had dropped under a half . 
 he was going to need gas before he got home , but he thought he 'd fill the tank a little further up the line . 
 right now all he wanted to do was to put a belt of miles - as thick a one as possible - between him and the discarded painting . 
 once outside the city limits of derry , kansas street becomes kansas road . 
 as it approaches the incorporated town limits -lrb- an area that is actually open countryside -rrb- , it becomes kansas lane . 
 not long after , , kansas lane passes between two fieldstone posts . 
 tar gives way to ' gravel . 
 what is one of derry 's busiest downtown streets eight miles east of here has become a driveway leading up a shallow hill , and on moonlit summer nights it glimmers like something out of an alfred noyes poem . 
 at the top of the hill stands an angular , handsome barn-board structure with reflectorized windows , a stable that is actually a garage , and a satellite dish tilted at the stars . 
 a waggish reporter from the derry news once called it the house that gore built ... not meaning the vice president of the united states . 
 richard kinnell simply called it home , and he parked in front of it that night with a sense of weary satisfaction . 
 he felt as if he had lived through a week 's worth of time since getting up in the boston harbor hotel that morning at nine o'clock . 
 no more yard sales , he thought , looking up at the moon . 
 no more yard sales ever . 
 i `` amen , '' he said , and started toward the house . 
 he probably should stick the car in the garage , but the hell with it . 
 what he wanted right now was a drink , a light meal - something microwaveable - and then sleep . 
 preferably the kind without dreams . 
 he could n't wait to put this day behind him . 
 he stuck his key in the lock , turned it , and punched 3817 to silence the warning bleep from the burglar alarm panel . 
 he turned on the front hall light , stepped through the door , pushed it shut behind him , began to turn , saw what was on the wall where his collection of framed book covers had been just two days ago , and screamed . 
 in his head he screamed . 
 nothing actually came out of his mouth but a harsh exhalation of air . 
 he heard a thump and a tuneless little jingle as his keys fell out of his relaxing hand and dropped to the carpet between his feet . 
 the road virus heads north was no longer in the puckerbrush behind the gray turnpike service area . 
 it was mounted on his entry wall . 
 it had changed yet again . 
 the car was now parked in the driveway of the yard sale yard . 
 the goods were still spread out everywhereglassware and furniture and ceramic knickknacks -lrb- scottie dogs smoking pipes , bare-assed toddlers , winking fish -rrb- , but now they gleamed beneath the light of the same skullface moon that rode in the sky above kinnell 's house . 
 the tv was still there , too , and it was still on , casting its own pallid radiance onto the grass , and what lay in front of it , next to an overturned lawn chair . 
 judy diment was on her back , and she was no longer all there . 
 after a moment , kinnell saw the rest . 
 it was on the ironing board , dead eyes glowing like fifty-cent pieces in the moonlight . 
 the grand am 's taillights were a blur of red-pink watercolor paint . 
 it was kinnell 's first look at the car 's back deck . 
 written across it in old english letters were three words : the road virus . 
 makes perfect sense , kinnell thought numbly . 
 not him , his car . 
 except for a guy like this , there 's probably not much difference . 
 `` this is n't happening , '' he whispered , except it was . 
 maybe it would n't have happened to someone a little less open to such things , but it was happening . 
 and as he stared at the painting he found himself remembering the little sign on judy diment 's card table . 
 all sales cash , it had said -lrb- although she had taken his check , only adding his driver 's license id number for safety 's sake -rrb- . 
 and it had said something else , too . 
 all sales final . 
 kinnell walked past the picture and into the living room . 
 he felt like a stranger inside his own body , and he sensed part of his mind groping for the trowel he had used earlier . 
 he seemed to have misplaced it . 
 he turned on the tv , then the toshiba satellite tuner which sat on top of it . 
 he turned to v-14 , and all the time he could feel the picture out there in the hall , pushing at the back of his head . 
 the picture that had somehow beaten him here . 
 `` must have known a shortcut , '' kinnell said , and laughed . 
 he had n't been able to see much of the blond in this version of the picture , but there had been a blur behind the wheel which kinnell assumed had been him . 
 the road virus had finished his business in rosewood . 
 it was time to move north . 
 next stop he brought a heavy steel door down on that thought , cutting it off before he could see all of it . 
 `` after all , i could still be imagining all this , '' he told the empty living room . 
 instead of comforting him , the hoarse , shaky quality of his voice frightened him even more . 
 `` this could be ... but he could n't finish . 
 all that came to him was an old song , belted out in the pseudo-hip style of some early '50s sinatra done : this could be the start of something big ... the tune oozing from the tv 's stereo speakers was n't sinatra but paul simon , arranged for strings . 
 the white computer type on the blue screen said welcome to new england newswire . 
 there were ordering instructions below this , but kinnell did n't have to read them ; he was a newswire junkie and knew the drill by heart . 
 he dialed , punched in his mastercard number , then 508 . 
 kinnell dropped the phone back into the cradle and stood looking at the new england newswire logo , snapping his fingers nervously . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` come on , come on . '' 
 the screen flickered then , and the blue background became green . 
 words began scrolling up , something about a house fire in taunton . 
 this was followed by the latest on a dog-racing scandal , then tonight 's weather - clear and mild . 
 kinnell was starting to relax , starting to wonder if he 'd really seen what he thought he 'd seen on the entryway wall or if it had been a bit of travel-induced fugue , when the tv beeped shrilly and the words breaking news appeared . 
 he stood watching the caps scroll up . 
 nenphaug19/8 :40 p a rosewood woman has been brutally murder-ed while doing a favor for an absent friend . 
 38-year-old judith diment was savagely hacked to death on the lawn of her neighbor 's house , where she had been conducting a yard sale . 
 no screams were heard and mrs. diment was not found until eight o'clock , when a neighbor across the street came over to complain about loud television noise . 
 the neighbor , david graves , said that mrs. diment had been decapitated . 
 `` her head was on the ironing board , '' he said . 
 `` it was the most awful thing i 've ever seen in my life . '' 
 graves said he heard no signs of a struggle , only the tv and , shortly before finding the body , a loud car , possibly equipped with a glasspack muffler , accelerating away from the vicinity along route one . 
 speculation that this vehicle may have belonged to the killer except that was n't speculation ; that was a simple fact . 
 breathing hard , not quite panting , kinnell hurried back into the entryway . 
 the picture was still there , but it had changed once more . 
 now it showed two glaring white circles - headlights - with the dark shape of the car hulking behind them . 
 he 's on the move again , kinnell thought , and aunt trudy was on top of his mind now - sweet aunt trudy , who always knew who had been naughty and who had been nice . 
 aunt trudy , who lived in wells , no more than forty miles from rosewood . '' 
 god , please god , please send him by the coast road , '' kinnell said , reaching for the picture . 
 was it his imagination or were the headlights farther apart now , as if the car were actually moving before his eyes ... but stealthily , the way the minute hand moved on a pocket watch ? 
 `` send him by the coast road , please . '' 
 he tore the picture off the wall and ran back into the living room with it . 
 the screen was in place before the fireplace , of course ; it would be at least two months before a fire was wanted in here . 
 kinnell batted it aside and threw the painting in , breaking the glass fronting-which he had already broken once , at the gray service area - against the firedogs . 
 then he pelted for the kitchen , wondering what he would do if this did n't work either . 
 it has to , he thought . 
 it will because it has to , and that 's a there is to it . 
 he opened the kitchen cabinets and pawed through them , spilling the oatmeal , spilling a canister of salt , spilling the vinegar . 
 the bottle broken open on the counter and assaulted his nose and eyes with the high stink . 
 not there . 
 what he wanted was n't there . 
 he raced into the pantry , looked behind the door - nothing but a plastic bucket and an 0 cedar - and then on the shelf by the dryer . 
 there it was , next to the briquets . 
 lighter fluid . 
 he grabbed it and ran back , glancing at the telephone on the kitchen wall as he hurried by . 
 he wanted to stop , wanted to call aunt trudy . 
 credibility was n't an issue with her ; if her favorite nephew called and told her to get out of the house , to get out light now , she would do it ... but what if the blond kid followed her ? 
 chased her ? 
 and he would . 
 kinnell knew he would . 
 he hurried across the living room and stopped in front of the fireplace . 
 `` jesus , '' he whispered . 
 `` jesus , no . '' 
 the picture beneath the splintered glass no longer showed oncoming headlights . 
 now it showed the grand am on a sharply curving piece of road that could only be an exit ramp . 
 moonlight shone like liquid satin on the car 's dark flank . 
 in the background was a water tower , and the words on it were easily readable in the moonlight . 
 keep maine green , they said . 
 bring money . 
 kinnell did n't hit the picture with the first squeeze of lighter fluid ; his hands were shaking badly and the aromatic liquid simply ran down the unbroken part of the glass , blurring the road virus 's back deck . 
 he took a deep breath , aimed , then squeezed again . 
 this time the lighter fluid squirted in through the jagged hole made by one of the firedogs and ran down the picture , cutting through the paint , making it run , turning a goodyear wide oval into a sooty teardrop . 
 kinnell took one of the ornamental matches from the jar on the mantel , struck it on the hearth , and poked it in through the hole in the glass . 
 the painting caught at once , fire billowing up and down across the grand am and the water tower . 
 the remaining glass in the frame turned black , then broke outward in a shower of flaming pieces . 
 kinnell crunched them under his sneakers , putting them out before they could set the rug on fire . 
 he went to the phone and punched in aunt trudy 's number , unaware that he was crying . 
 on the third ring , his aunt 's answering machine picked up . 
 `` hello , '' aunt trudy said , `` i know it encourages the burglars to say things like this , but i 've gone up to kennebunk to watch the new harrison ford movie . 
 if you intend to break in , please do n't take my china pigs . 
 if you want to leave a message , do so at the beep . '' 
 kinnell waited , then , keeping his voice as steady as possible , he said : `` it 's richie , aunt trudy . 
 call me when you get back , okay ? 
 no matter how late . '' 
 he hung up , looked at the tv , then dialed newswire again , this time punching in the maine area code . 
 while the computers on the other end processed his order , he went back and used a poker to jab at the blackened , twisted thing in the fireplace . 
 the stench was ghastly - it made the spilled vinegar smell like a flowerpatch in comparison-but kinnell found he did n't mind . 
 the picture was entirely gone , reduced to ash , and that made it worthwhile . 
 `` it wo n't , '' he said , putting the poker back and returning to the tv . 
 `` i 'm sure it wo n't . '' 
 but every time the news scroll started to recycle , he got up to check . 
 the picture was just ashes on the hearth ... and there was no word of elderly women being murdered in the wells-saco-kennebunk area of the state . 
 kinnell kept watching , almost expecting to see a grand am moving at high speed crashed into a kennebunk movie theater tonight , killing at least ten , but nothing of the sort showed up . 
 at a quarter of eleven the telephone rang . 
 kinnell snatched it up . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` it 's trudy , dear . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 `` yes , fine . '' 
 `` you do n't sound fine , '' she said . 
 `` your voice sounds trembly and funny . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 and then , chilling him but not really surprising him : `` it 's that picture you were so pleased with , is n't it ? 
 that goddamned picture ! '' 
 it calmed him somehow , that she should guess so much ... and , of course , there was the relief of knowing she was safe . 
 `` well , maybe , '' he said . 
 `` i had the heebie-jeebies all the way back here , so i burned it . 
 in the fireplace . '' 
 she 's going to find out about judy diment , you know , a voice inside warned . 
 she does n't have a twenty-thousand-dollar satellite hookup , but she does subscribe to the union-leader and this 'll be on the front page . 
 she 'll put two and two together . 
 she 's far from stupid . 
 yes , that was undoubtedly true , but further explanations could wait until the morning , when he might be a little less freaked ... when he might 've found a way to think about the road virus without losing his mind ... and when he 'd begun to be sure it was really over . 
 `` good ! '' 
 she said emphatically . 
 `` you ought to scatter the ashes , too ! '' 
 she paused , and when she spoke again , her voice was lower . 
 `` you were worried about me , were n't you ? 
 because you showed it to me . 
 `` a little , yes . '' 
 `` but you feel better now ? '' 
 he leaned back and closed his eyes . 
 it was true , he did . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 how was the movie ? '' 
 `` good . 
 harrison ford looks wonderful in a uniform . 
 now , if he 'd just get rid of that little bump on his chin ... '' `` good night , aunt trudy . 
 we 'll talk tomorrow . '' 
 `` will we ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 he hung up , went over to the fireplace again , and stirred the ashes with the poker . 
 he could see a scrap of fender and a ragged little flap of road , but that was it . 
 fire was what it had needed all along , apparently . 
 was n't that how you usually killed supernatural emissaries of evil ? 
 of course it was . 
 he 'd used it a few times himself , most notably in the departing , his haunted train station novel . 
 `` yes , indeed , '' he said . 
 `` bum , baby , bum . '' 
 he thought about getting the drink he 'd promised himself , then remembered the spilled bottle of vinegar -lrb- which by now would probably be soaking into the spilled oatmeal-what a thought -rrb- . 
 he decided he would simply go on upstairs instead . 
 in a book-one by richard kinnell , for instance - sleep would be out of the question after the sort of thing which had just happened to him . 
 in real life , he thought he might sleep just fine . 
 he actually dozed off in the shower , leaning against the back wall with his hair full of shampoo and the water beating on his chest . 
 he was at the yard sale again , and the tv standing on the paper ashtrays was broadcasting judy diment . 
 her head was back on , but kinnell could see the medical examiner 's primitive industrial stitchwork ; it circled her throat like a grisly necklace . 
 `` now this new england newswire update , '' she said , and kinnell , who had always been a vivid dreamer , could actually see the stitches on her neck stretch and relax as she spoke . 
 `` bobby hastings took all his paintings and burned them , including yours , mr. kinnell ... and it is yours , as i 'm sure you know . 
 all sales are final , you saw the sign . 
 why , you just ought to be glad i took your check . '' 
 burned all his paintings , yes , of course he did , kinnell thought in his watery dream . 
 he could n't stand what was happening to him , that 's what the note said , and when you get to that point in the festivities , you do n't pause to see if you want to except one special piece of work from the bonfire . 
 it 's just that you got something special into the road virus heads north , did n't you , bobby ? 
 and probably completely by accident . 
 you were talented , i could see that right away , but talent has nothing to do with what 's going on in that picture . 
 kinnell reached out and changed the channel , but apparently there was nothing on all the way around the dial except for the judy diment show . '' 
 you might say he opened a hole into the basement of the universe , '' she was saying now . 
 `` bobby hastings , i mean . 
 and this is what drove out . 
 nice , is n't it ? '' 
 kinnell 's feet slid then , not enough to go out from under him completely , but enough to snap him to . 
 he opened his eyes , winced at the immediate sting of the soap -lrb- prell had run down his face in thick white rivulets while he had been dozing -rrb- , and cupped his hands under the shower-spray to splash it away . 
 he did this once and was reaching out to do it again when he heard something . 
 a ragged rumbling sound . 
 do n't be stupid , he told himself . 
 all you hear is the shower . 
 the rest is only imagination . 
 except it was n't . 
 kinnell reached out and turned off the water . 
 the rumbling sound continued . 
 low and powerful . 
 coming from outside . 
 he got out of the shower and walked , dripping , across his bedroom on the second floor . 
 there was still enough shampoo in his hair to make him look as if it had turned white while he was dozing-as if his dream of judy diment had turned it white . 
 my did i ever stop at that yard sale ? 
 he asked himself , but for this he had no answer . 
 he supposed no one ever did . 
 the rumbling sound grew louder as he approached the window overlooking the driveway-the driveway that glimmered in the summer moonlight like something out of an alfred noyes poem . 
 as he brushed aside the curtain and looked out , he found himself thinking of his ex-wife , sally , whom he had met at the world fantasy convention in 1978 . 
 sally , who now published two magazines out of her trailer home , one called survivors , one called visitors . 
 looking down at the driveway , these two tides came together in kinnell 's mind like a double image in a stereopticon . 
 he had a visitor who was definitely a survivor . 
 the grand am idled in front of the house , the white haze from its twin chromed tailpipes rising in the still night air . 
 the old english letters on the back deck were perfectly readable . 
 the driver 's side door stood open , and that was n't all ; the light spilling down the porch steps suggested that kinnell 's front door was also open . 
 forgot to lock it , kinnell thought , wiping soap off his forehead with a hand he could no longer feel . 
 forgot to reset the burglar alarm , too . 
 not that it would have made much difference to this guy . 
 well , he might have caused it to detour around aunt trudy , and that was something , but just now the thought brought him no comfort . 
 survivors . 
 the soft rumble of the big engine , probably at least a 442 with a four-barrel carb , reground valves , fuel injection . 
 he turned slowly on legs that had lost all feeling , a naked man with a headful of soap , and saw the picture over his bed , just as he 'd known he would . 
 in it , the grand am stood in his driveway with the driver 's door open and two plumes of exhaust rising from the chromed tailpipes . 
 from this angle he could also see his own front door , standing open , and a long man-shaped shadow stretching down the hall . 
 survivors . 
 survivors and visitors . 
 now he could hear feet ascending the stairs . 
 it was a heavy tread , and he knew without having to see that the blond kid was wearing motorcycle boots . 
 people with death before dishonor tattooed on their arms always wore motorcycle boots , just as they always smoked unfiltered camels . 
 these things were like a national law . 
 and the knife . 
 he would be carrying a long , sharp knife - more of a machete , actually , the sort of knife that could strike off a person 's head in a single sweeping stroke . 
 and he would be grinning , showing those filed cannibal-teeth . 
 kinnell knew these things . 
 he was an imaginative guy , after all . 
 he did n't need anyone to draw him a picture . 
 `` no , '' he whispered , suddenly conscious of his global nakedness , suddenly freezing all the way around his skin . 
 `` no , please , go away . '' 
 but the footfalls kept coming , of course they did . 
 you could n't tell a guy like this to go away . 
 it did n't work ; it was n't the way the story was supposed to end . 
 kinnell could hear him nearing the top of the stairs . 
 outside the grand am went on rumbling in the moonlight . 
 the feet coming down the hall now , worn bootheels rapping on polished hardwood . 
 a terrible paralysis had gripped kinnell . 
 he threw it off with an effort and bolted toward the bedroom door , wanting to lock it before the thing could get in here , but he slipped in a puddle of soapy water and this time he did go down , flat on his back on the oak planks , and what he saw as the door clicked open and the motorcycle boots crossed the room toward where he lay , naked and with his hair full of prell , was the picture hanging on the wall over his bed , the picture of the road virus idling in front of his house with the driver 's side door open . 
