 i am now a very old man and this is something that happened to me when i was very young -- only nine years old . 
 it was 1914 , the summer after my brother , dan , died in the west field and not long before america got into the first world war . 
 i 've never told anyone about what happened at the fork in the stream that day , and i never will . 
 i 've decided to write it down , though , in this book , which i will leave on the table beside my bed . 
 i ca n't write long , because my hands shake so these days and i have next to no strength , but i do n't think it will take long . 
 later , someone may find what i have written . 
 that seems likely to me , as it is pretty much human nature to look in a book marked `` diary '' after its owner has passed along . 
 so , yes -- my works will probably be read . 
 a better question is whether anyone will believe them . 
 almost certainly not , but that does n't matter . 
 it 's not belief i 'm interested in but freedom . 
 writing can give that , i 've found . 
 for twenty years i wrote a column called `` long ago and far away '' for the castle rock call , and i know that sometimes it works that way -- what you write down sometimes leaves you forever , like old photographs left in the bright sun , fading to nothing but white . 
 i pray for that sort of release . 
 a man in his eighties should be well past the terrors of childhood , but as my infirmities slowly creep up on me , like waves licking closer and closer to some indifferently built castle of sand , that terrible face grows clearer and clearer in my mind 's eye . 
 it glows like a dark star in the constellations of my childhood . 
 what i might have done yesterday , who i might have seen here in my room at the nursing home , what i might have said to them or they to my-those things are gone , but the face of the man in the black suit grows ever clearer , ever closer , and i remember every word he said . 
 i do n't want to think of him but i ca n't help it , and sometimes at night my old heart beats so hard and so fast i think it will tear itself right clear of my chest . 
 so i uncap my fountain pen and force my trembling old hank to write this pointless anecdote in the diary one of my great-grandchildren -- i ca n't remember her name for sure , at least not right now , but i know it starts with an `` s '' -- gave to me last christmas , and which i have never written in until now . 
 now i will write in it . 
 i will write the story of how i met the man in the black suit on the bank of castle stream one afternoon in the summer of 1914 . 
 the town of motton was a different world in those days -- more different than i could ever tell you . 
 that was a world without airplanes droning overhead , a world almost without cars and trucks , a world where the skies were not cut into lanes and slices by overhead power lines . 
 there was not a single paved road in the whole town , and the business district consisted of nothing but corson 's general store , thut 's livery and hardware , the methodist church at christ 's corner , the school , the town hall , and half a mile down from there , harry 's restaurant , which my mother called , with unfailing disdain , `` the liquor house . '' 
 mostly , though , the difference was in how people lived -- how apart they were . 
 i 'm not sure people born after the middle of the century could quite credit that , although they might say they could , to be polite to old folks like me . 
 there were no phones in western maine back then , for one thing . 
 the first on would n't be installed for another five years , and by the time there was a phone in our house , i was nineteen and going to college at the university of maine in orono . 
 but that is only the roof of the thing . 
 there was no doctor closer than casco , and there were no more than a dozen houses in what you would call town . 
 there were no neighborhoods -lrb- i 'm not even sure we knew the work , although we had a verb -- `` neighboring '' - that described church functions and barn dances -rrb- , and open fields were the exception rather than the rule . 
 out of town the houses were farms that stood far apart from each other , and from december until the middle of march we mostly hunkered down in the little pockets of stove warmth we called families . 
 we hunkered and listened to the wind in the chimney and hoped no one would get sick or break a leg or get a headful of bad ideas , like the farmer over in castle rock who had chopped up his wife and kids three winters before and then said in court that the ghosts made him do it . 
 in those days before the great war , most of motton was woods and bog -- dark long places full of moose and mosquitoes , snakes and secrets . 
 in those days there were ghosts everywhere . 
 this thing i 'm telling about happened on a saturday . 
 my father gave me a whole list of chores to do , including some that would have been dan 's , if he 'd still been alive . 
 he was my only brother , and he 'd died of a bee sting . 
 a year had gone by , and still my mother would n't hear that . 
 she said it was something else , had to have been , that no one ever died of being stung be a bee . 
 when mama sweet , the oldest lady in the methodist ladies ' aid , tried to tell her -- at the church supper the previous winter , this was -- that the same thing had happened to her favorite uncle back in ' 73 , my mother clapped her hanks over her ears , got up , and walked out of the church basement . 
 she 'd never been back since , and nothing my father could say to her would change her mind . 
 she claimed she was done with church , and that if she ever had to see helen robichaud again -lrb- that was mama sweet 's real name -rrb- she would slap her eyes out . 
 she would n't be able to help herself , she said . 
 that day dad wanted me to lug wood for the cookstove , weed the beans and the cukes , pitch hay out of the loft , get two jugs of water to put in the cold pantry , and scrape as much old paint off the cellar bulkhead as i could . 
 then , he said , i could go fishing , if i did n't mind going by myself -- he had to go over and see bill eversham about some cows . 
 i said i sure did n't mind going by myself , and my dad smiled as if that did n't surprise him so very much . 
 he 'd given me a bamboo pole the week before -- not because it was my birthday or anything but just because he liked to give me things sometimes -- and i was wild to try it in castle stream , which was by far the troutiest brook i 'd ever fished . 
 `` but do n't you go too far in the woods , '' he told me . 
 `` not beyond were the water splits . '' 
 no , sir . '' 
 `` promise me . '' 
 `` yessir , i promise . '' 
 `` now promise your mother . '' 
 we were standing on the back stoop ; i had been bound for the springhouse with the water jugs when my dad stopped me . 
 now he turned me around to face my mother , who was standing at the marble counter in a flood of strong morning sunshine falling through the double windows over the sink . 
 there was a curl of hair lying across the side of her forehead and touching her eyebrow-you see how well i remember it all ? 
 the bright light turned that little curl to filaments of gold and that instant i saw her as a woman , saw her as my father must have seen her . 
 she was wearing a housedress with little red roses all over it , i remember , and she was kneading bread . 
 candy bill , out little black scottie dog , was standing alertly beside her feet , looking up , waiting for anything that might drop . 
 my mother was looking at me . 
 `` i promise , '' i said . 
 she smiled , but it was the worried kind of smile she always seemed to make since my father brought dan back from the west field in his arms . 
 my father had come sobbing and barechested . 
 he had taken off his shirt and draped it over dan 's face , which had swelled and turned color . 
 my boy ! 
 he had been crying . 
 oh , look at my boy ! 
 jesus , look at my boy ! 
 i remember that as if it were yesterday . 
 it was the only time i ever heard my dad take the saviour 's name in vain . 
 `` what do you promise , gary ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` promise not to go no further than where the stream forks , ma'am . '' 
 `` any further . '' 
 `` any . '' 
 she gave me a patient look , saying nothing as her hands went on working in the dough , which now had a smooth , silky look . 
 `` thank you , gary , '' she said . 
 `` and try to remember that grammar is for the world as well as for school . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 candy bill followed me as i did my chores , and sat between my feet as i bolted my lunch , looking up at me with the same attentiveness he had shown my mother while she was kneading her bread , but when i got my new bamboo pole and my old , splintery creel and started out of the dooryard , he stopped and only stood in the dust by an old roll of snow fence , watching . 
 i called him but he would n't come . 
 he yapped a time or two , as if telling me to come back , but that was all . 
 `` stay , then , '' i said , trying to sound as if i did n't care . 
 i did , though , at least a little . 
 candy bill always went fishing with me . 
 my mother came to the door and looked out at me with her left hand held up to shade her eyes . 
 i can see her that way still , and it 's like looking at a photograph of someone who later became unhappy , or died suddenly . 
 `` you mind your dad now , gary ! '' 
 `` yes ma'am , i will . '' 
 she waved . 
 i waved too . 
 then i turned my back on her and walked away . 
 the sun beat down on my neck , hard and hot , for the first quartermile or so , but then i entered the woods , where double shadow fell over the road and it was cool and fir-smelling and you could hear the wind hissing through the deep , needled groves . 
 i walked with my pole on my shoulder the way boys did back then , holding my creel in my other hand like a valise along a road that was really nothing but a double rut with a grassy strip growing up the center hump , i began to hear the hurried , eager gossip of castle stream . 
 i thought of trout with bright speckled backs and pure-white bellies , and my heart went up in my chest . 
 the stream flowed under a little wooden bridge , and the banks leading down to the water were steep and brushy . 
 i worked my way down carefully , holding on where i could and digging my heels in . 
 i went down out of summer and back into mid-spring , or so it felt . 
 the cool rose gently off the water , and there was a green smell like moss . 
 when i got to the edge of the water i only stood there for a little while , breathing deep of that mossy smell and watching the dragonflies circle and the skitterbugs skate . 
 then , further down , i saw a trout leap at a butterfly -- a good big brookie , maybe fourteen inches long -- and remembered i had n't come here just to sightsee . 
 i walked along the bank , following the current , and wet my line for the first time , with the bridge still in sight upstream . 
 something jerked the tip of my pole down once or twice and ate half my worm , but whatever it was was too sly for my nine-year old hands-or maybe just not hungry enough to be careless -- so i quit that place . 
 i stopped at two or three other places before i got to the place where castle stream forks , going southwest into castle rock and southeast into kashwakamak township , and at one of them i caught the biggest trout i have ever caught in my life , a beauty that measured nineteen inches from tip to tail on the little ruler i kept in my creel . 
 that was a monster of a brook , even for those days . 
 if i had accepted this as gift enough for one day and gone back , i would not be writing now -lrb- and this is going to turn out longer that i thought it would , i see that already -rrb- , but i did n't . 
 instead i saw to my catch right then and there as my father had shown me -- cleaning it , placing it on dry grass at the bottom of the creel , then laying damp grass on top of it -- and went on . 
 i did not , at age nine , think that catching a nineteen-inch brook trout was particularly remarkable , although i do remember being amazed that my line had not broken when i , netless as well as artless , had hauled it out and swung it toward me in a clumsy tail-flapping arc . 
 ten minutes late , i came to the place where the stream split in those days -lrb- it is long gone now ; there is a settlement of duplex homes where castle stream once went its course , and a district grammar school as well , and if there is a stream it goes in darkness -rrb- , dividing around a huge gray rock nearly the size of our outhouse . 
 there was a pleasant flat space here , grassy and soft , overlooking what my dad and i called south branch . 
 i squatted on my heels , dropped my line into the water , and almost immediately snagged a fine rainbow trout . 
 he was n't the size of my brookie-only a foot or so -- but a good fish , just the same . 
 i had it cleaned out before the gills had stopped flexing , stored it in my creel , and dropped my line back into the water . 
 this time there was no immediate bite , so i leaned back , looking up at the blue stripe of sky i could see along the stream 's course . 
 clouds floated by , west to east , and i tried to think what they looked like . 
 i saw a unicorn , then a rooster , then a dog that looked like candy bill . 
 i was looking for the next one when i drowsed off . 
 or maybe slept . 
 i do n't know for sure . 
 all i know is that a tug on my line so strong it almost pulled the bamboo pole out of my hand was what brought my back into the afternoon . 
 i sat up , clutched the pole , and suddenly became aware that something was sitting on the tip of my nose . 
 i crossed my eyes and saw a bee . 
 my heart seemed to fall dead in my chest , and for a sure horrible second i was sure i was going to wet my pants . 
 the tug on my line came again , stronger this time , but although i maintained my grip on the end of the pole so it would n't be pulled into the stream and perhaps carried away -lrb- i think i even had the presence of mind to snub the line with my forefinger -rrb- , i made no effort to pull in my catch . 
 all my horrified attention was fixed on the fat black-and-yellow thing that was using my nose as a rest stop . 
 i slowly poked out my lower lip and blew upward . 
 the bee ruffled a little but kept its place . 
 i blew again and it ruffled again -- but this time it also seemed to shift impatiently , and i did n't dare blow anymore , for fear it would lose its temper completely and give me a shot . 
 it was too close for me to focus on what it was doing , but it was easy to imagine it ramming its stinger into one of my nostrils and shooting its poison up toward my eyes . 
 and my brain . 
 a terrible idea came to me : that this was the very bee that had killed my brother . 
 i knew it was n't true , and not only because honeybees probably did n't live longer than a single year -lrb- except maybe for the queens ; about them i was not so sure -rrb- . 
 it could n't be true , because honeybees died when they stung , and even at nine i knew it . 
 their stingers were barbed , and when they tried to fly away after doing the deed , they tore themselves apart . 
 still , the idea stayed . 
 this was a special bee , a devil-bee , and it had come back to finish the other of albion and loretta 's two boys . 
 and here is something else : i had been stung my bees before , and although the stings had swelled more than is perhaps usual -lrb- i ca n't really say for sure -rrb- , i had never died of them . 
 that was only for my brother , a terrible trap that had been laid for him in his very making -- a trap that i had somehow escaped . 
 but as i crossed my eyes until it hurt , in an effort to focus on the bee , logic did not exist . 
 it was the bee that existed , only that -- the bee that had killed my brother , killed him so cruelly that my father had slipped down the straps of his over-engorged face . 
 even in the depths of his grief he had done that , because he did n't want his wife to see what had become of her firstborn . 
 now the bee had returned , and now it would kill me . 
 i would die in convulsion on the bank , flopping just as a brookie flops after you take the hook out of its mouth . 
 as i sat there trembling on the edge of panic -- ready to bolt to my feet and then bolt anywhere -- there came a report from behind me . 
 it was as sharp and peremptory as a pistol shot , but i knew it was n't a pistol shot ; it was someone clapping his hands . 
 one single clap . 
 at that moment , the bee tumbled off my nose and fell into my lap . 
 it lay there on my pants with its legs sticking up and its stinger a threatless black thread against the old scuffed brown of the corduroy . 
 it was dead as a doornail , i saw that at once . 
 at the same moment , the pole gave another tug -- the hardest yet -- and i almost lost it again . 
 i grabbed it with both hands and gave it a big stupid yank that would have made my father clutch his head with both hands , if he had been there to see . 
 a rainbow trout , a good bit larger than either of the ones i had already caught , rose out of the water in a wet flash , spraying fine drops of water from its tail -- it looked like one of those fishing pictures they used to put on the covers of men 's magazines like true and man 's adventure back in the forties and fifties . 
 at that moment hauling in a big one was about the last thing on my mind , however , and when the line snapped and the fish fell back into the stream , i barely noticed . 
 i looked over my shoulder to see who had clapped . 
 a man was standing above me , at the edge of the trees . 
 his face was very long and pale . 
 his black hair was combed tight against his skull and parted with rigorous care on the left side of his narrow head . 
 he was very tall . 
 he was wearing a black three-piece suit , and i knew right away that he was not a human being , because his eyes were the orangey red of flames in a woodstove . 
 i do n't mean just the irises , because he had no irises , and no pupils , and certainly no whites . 
 his eyes were completely orange -- an orange that shifted and flickered . 
 and it 's really too late not to say exactly what i mean , is n't it ? 
 he was on fire inside , and his eyes were like the little isinglass portholes you sometimes see in stove doors . 
 my bladder let go , and the scuffed brown the dead bee was lying on went a darker brown . 
 i was hardly aware of what had happened , and i could n't take my eyes off the man standing on top of the bank and looking down at me -- the man who had apparently walked out of thirty miles of trackless western maine woods in fine black suit and narrow shoes of gleaming leather . 
 i could see the watch chain looped across his vest glittering in the summer sunshine . 
 `` why , it 's a fisherboy ! '' 
 he cried in a mellow , pleasing voice . 
 `` imagine that ! 
 are we well met , fisherboy ? '' 
 `` hello , sir , '' i said . 
 the voice that came out of me did not tremble , but it did n't sound like my voice , either . 
 it sounded older . 
 like dan 's voice , maybe . 
 or my father 's , even . 
 and all i could think was that maybe he would let me go if i pretended not to see what he was . 
 if i pretended i did n't see there were flames glowing and dancing where his eyes should have been . 
 `` i 've saved you a nasty sting , perhaps , '' he said , and then to my horror , he came down to the bank to where i sat with a dead bee in my wet lap and a bamboo fishing pole in my nerveless hands . 
 his slick-soled city shoes should have slipped on the low , grassy weeds dressing the steep bank , but they did n't nor did they leave tracks , i saw . 
 where his feet had touched -- or seemed to touch-there was not a single broken twig , crushed leaf , or trampled shoeshape . 
 even before he reached me , i recognized the aroma baking up from the skin under the suit -- the smell of burned matches . 
 the smell of sulfur . 
 the man in the black suit was the devil . 
 he had walked out of the deep woods between motton and kashwakamak , and now he was standing here beside me . 
 from the corner of one eye i could see a hand as pale as the hand of a store-window dummy . 
 the fingers were hideously long . 
 he hunkered beside me on his hams , his knees popping just as the knees of any normal man might , but when he moved his hands so they dangled between his knees , i saw that each of those long fingers ended in not a fingernail but a long yellow claw . 
 `` you did n't answer my question , fisherboy , '' he said in his mellow voice . 
 it was , now that i think of it , like the voice of those radio announcers on the big-band shows years later , the ones that would sell geritol and serutan and ovaltine and dr. granbow pipes . 
 `` are we well met ? '' 
 `` please do n't hurt me , '' i whispered , in a voice so low i could barely hear it . 
 i was more afraid than i could ever write down , more afraid than i want to remember . 
 but i do . 
 i do . 
 it never crossed my mind to hope i was having a dream , although it might have , i suppose , if i had been older . 
 but i was nine , and i knew the truth when it squatted down beside me . 
 i knew a hawk from a handsaw , as my father would have said . 
 the man who had come out of the woods on that saturday afternoon in midsummer was the devil , and inside the empty holes of his eyes his brains were burning . 
 `` oh , do i smell something ? '' 
 he asked , as if he had n't heard me , although i knew he had . 
 `` do i smell something ... wet ? '' 
 he leaned toward me with his nose stuck out , like someone who means to smell a flower . 
 and i noticed an awful thing ; as the shadow of his head travelled over the bank , the grass beneath it turned yellow and died . 
 he lowered his head toward my pants and sniffed . 
 his glaring eyes half closed , as if he had inhaled some sublime aroma and wanted to concentrate on nothing but that . 
 `` oh , bad ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` lovely-bad ! '' 
 and then he chanted : `` opal ! 
 diamond ! 
 sapphire ! 
 jade ! 
 i smell gary 's lemonade ! '' 
 he threw himself on his back in the little flat place and laughed . 
 i thought about running , but my legs seemed two counties away from my brain . 
 i was n't crying . 
 i was too scared to cry . 
 i suddenly knew that i was going to die , and probably painfully , but the worst of it was that that might not be the worst of it . 
 the worst might come later . 
 after i was dead . 
 he sat up suddenly , the smell of burnt matches fluffing out from his suit and making me feel gaggy in my throat . 
 he looked at me solemnly from his narrow white face and burning eyes , but there was a sense of laughter about him . 
 `` sad news , fisherboy , '' he said . 
 `` i 've come with sad news . '' 
 i could only look at him -- the black suit , the fine black shoes , the long white fingers that ended not in nails but in talons . 
 `` your mother is dead . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried . 
 i thought of her making bread , of the curl lying across her forehead and just touching her eyebrow , of her standing there in the strong morning sunlight , and the terror swept over me again , but not for myself this time . 
 then i thought of how she 'd looked when i set off with my fishing pole , standing in the kitchen doorway with her hand shading her eyes , and how she had looked to me in that moment like a photograph of someone you expected to see again but never did . 
 `` no , you lie ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 he smiled -- the sadly patient smile of a man who has often been accused falsely . 
 `` i 'm afraid not , '' he said . 
 `` it was the same thing that happened to your brother , gary . 
 it was a bee . '' 
 `` no , that 's not true , '' i said , and now i did begin to cry . 
 `` she 's old , she 's thirty-five -- if a bee sting could kill her the way it did danny she would have died a long time ago , and you 're a lying bastard ! '' 
 i had called the devil a lying bastard . 
 i was aware of this , but the entire front of my mind was taken up by the enormity of what he 'd said . 
 my mother dead ? 
 he might as well have told me that the moon had fallen on vermont . 
 but i believed him . 
 on some level i believed him completely , as we always believe , on some level , the worst thing our hearts can imagine . 
 `` i understand your grief , little fisherboy , but that particular argument just does n't hold water , i 'm afraid . '' 
 he spoke in a tone of bogus comfort that was horrible , maddening , without remorse or pity . 
 `` a man can go his whole life without seeing a mockingbird , you know , but does that mean mockingbirds do n't exist ? 
 your mother -- '' a fish jumped below at us . 
 the man in the black suit frowned , then pointed a finger at it . 
 the trout convulsed in the air , its body bending so strenuously that for a split second it appeared to be snapping at its own tail , and when it fell back into castle stream it was floating lifelessly . 
 it struck the big gray rock where the waters divided , spun around twice in the whirlpool eddy that formed there , and then floated away in the direction of castle rock . 
 meanwhile , the terrible stranger turned his burning eyes on my again , his thin lips pulled back from tiny rows of sharp teeth in a cannibal smile . 
 `` your mother simply went through her entire life without being stung by a bee , '' he said . 
 `` but then -- less than an hour ago , actually-one flew in through the kitchen window while she was taking the bread out of the oven and putting it on the counter to cool . '' 
 my hands fell away from the sides of my face . 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 `` you need to hear this , gary ; you need to hear this , my little fisherboy . 
 it was your mother who passed that fatal weakness to your brother . 
 you got some of it , but you also got a protection from your father that poor dan somehow missed . '' 
 he pursed his lips again , only this time he made a cruelly comic little tsk-tsk sound instead of blowing his nasty breath at me . 
 `` so although i do n't like to speak ill of the dead , it 's almost a case of poetic justice , is n't it ? '' 
 after all , she killed your brother dan as surely as if she had put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger . '' 
 `` no , '' i whispered . 
 `` no , it is n't true . '' 
 `` i assure you it is , '' he said . 
 `` the bee flew in the window and lit on her neck . 
 she slapped at it before she even knew what she was doing -- you were wiser than that , were n't you , gary ? 
 -- and the bee stung her . 
 she felt her throat start to close up at once . 
 that 's what happens , you know , to people who ca n't tolerate bee venom . 
 their throats close and they drown in the open air . 
 that 's why dan 's face was so swollen and purple . 
 that 's why your father covered it with his shirt . '' 
 i stared at him , now incapable of speech . 
 tears streamed down my cheeks . 
 i did n't want to believe him , and knew from my church schooling that the devil is the father of lies , but i did believe him just the same . 
 `` she made the most wonderfully awful noises , '' the man in the black suit said reflectively , `` and she scratched her face quite badly , i 'm afraid . 
 her eyes bulged out like a frog 's eyes . 
 she wept . '' 
 he paused , then added : `` she wept as she died , is n't that sweet ? 
 and here 's the most beautiful thing of all . 
 after she was dead , after she 's been lying on the floor for fifteen minutes or so with no sound but the stove ticking with that little thread of a bee stinger still poking out of the side of her neck -- so small , so small -- do you know what candy bill did ? 
 that little rascal licked away her tears . 
 first on one side , and then on the other . '' 
 he looked out at the stream for a moment , his face sad and thoughtful . 
 then he turned back to me and his expression of bereavement disappeared like a dream . 
 his face was as slack and as avid as the face of a corpse that has died hungry . 
 his eyes blazed . 
 i could see his sharp little teeth between his pale lips . 
 `` i 'm starving , '' he said abruptly . 
 `` i 'm going to kill you and eat your guys , little fisherboy . 
 what do you think about that ? '' 
 no , i tried to say , please no , but no sound came out . 
 he meant to do it , i saw . 
 he really meant to do it . 
 `` i 'm just so hungry , '' he said , both petulant and teasing . 
 `` and you wo n't want to live without your precious mommy , anyhow , take my word for it . 
 because your father 's the sort of man who 'll have to have some warm hole to stick it in , believe me , and if you 're the only one available , you 're the one who 'll have to serve . 
 i 'll save you all that discomfort and unpleasantness . 
 also , you 'll go to heaven , think of that . 
 murdered souls always go to heaven . 
 so we 'll both be serving god this afternoon , gary . 
 is n't that nice ? '' 
 he reached for me again with his long , pale hands , and without thinking what i was doing , i flipped open the top of my creel , pawed all the way down to the bottom , and brought out the monster brookie i 'd caught earlier -- the one i should have been satisfied with . 
 i held it out to him blindly , my fingers in the red slit of its belly , from which i had removed its insides as the man in the black suit had threatened to remove mine . 
 the fish 's glazed eye stared dreamily at me , the gold ring around the black center reminding me of my mother 's wedding ring . 
 and in that moment i saw her lying in her coffin with the sun shining off the wedding band and knew it was true -- she had been stung by a bee , she had drowned in the warm , bread-smelling air , and candy bill had licked her dying tears from her swollen cheeks . 
 `` big fish ! '' 
 the man in the black suit cried in a guttural , greedy voice . 
 `` oh , biiig fiiish ! '' 
 he snatched it away from me and crammed it into a mouth that opened wider than any human mouth ever could . 
 many years later , when i was sixty-five -lrb- i know it was sixty-five , because that was the summer i retired from teaching -rrb- , i went to the aquarium in boston and finally saw a shark . 
 the mouth of the man in the black suit was like that shark 's mouth when it opened , only his gullet was blazing orange , the same color as his eyes , and i felt heat bake out of it and into my face , the way you feel a sudden wave of heat come pushing out of a fireplace when a dry piece of wood catches alight . 
 and i did n't imagine that heat , either -- i know i did n't - because just before he slid the head of my nineteen-inch brook trout between his gaping jaws , i saw the scales along the sides of the fish rise up and begin to curl like bits of paper floating over an open incinerator . 
 he slid the fish in like a man in a travelling show swallowing a sword . 
 he did n't chew , and his blazing eyes bulged out , as if in effort . 
 the fish went in and went in , his throat bulged as it slid down his gullet , and now he began to cry tears of his own -- except his tears were blood , scarlet and thick . 
 i think it was the sight of those bloody tears that gave me my body back . 
 i do n't know why that should have been , but i think it was . 
 i bolted to my feet like a jack released from its box , turned with my bamboo pole still in one hand , and fled up the bank , bending over and tearing tough bunches of weeds out with my free hank in an effort to get up the slope more quickly . 
 he made a strangled , furious noise -- the sound of any man with his mouth too full -- and i looked back just as i got to the top . 
 he was coming after me , the back of his suit coat flapping and his thin gold watch chain flashing and winking in the sun . 
 the tail of the fish was still protruding from his mouth and i could smell the rest of it , roasting in the oven of his throat . 
 he reached for me , groping with his talons , and i fled along the top of the bank . 
 after a hundred yards or so , i found my voice and went to screaming -- screaming in fear , of course , but also screaming in grief for my beautiful dead mother . 
 he was coming after me . 
 i could hear snapping branches and whipping bushes , but i did n't look back again . 
 i lowered my head , slitted my eyes against the bushes and low-hanging branches along the stream 's bank , and ran as fast as i could . 
 and at every step i expected to feel his hands descending on my shoulders , pulling me back into a final burning hug . 
 that did n't happen . 
 some unknown length of time later -- it could n't have been longer than five or ten minutes , i suppose , but it seemed like forever -- i saw the bridge through layerings of leaves and firs . 
 still screaming , but breathlessly now , sounding like a teakettle that has almost boiled dry , i reached this second , steeper bank and charged up . 
 halfway to the top , i slipped to my knees , looked over my shoulder , and saw the man in the black suit almost at my heels , his white face pulled into a convulsion of fury and greed . 
 his cheeks were splattered with his bloody tears and his shark 's mouth hung open like a hinge . 
 `` fisherboy ! '' 
 he snarled , and started up the bank after me , grasping at my foot with one long hand . 
 i tore free , turned , and threw my fishing pole at him . 
 he batted it down easily , but it tangled his feet up somehow and he went to his knees . 
 i did n't wait to see any more ; i turned and bolted to the top of the slope . 
 i almost slipped at the very top , but managed to grab one of the support struts running beneath the bridge and save myself . 
 `` you ca n't get away , fisherboy ! '' 
 he cried from behind me . 
 he sounded furious , but he also sounded as if he were laughing . 
 `` it takes more than a mouthful of trout to fill me up ! '' 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 i screamed back at him . 
 i grabbed the bridge 's railing and threw myself over it in a clumsy somersault , filling my hanks with splinters and bumping my head so hard on the boards when i came down that i saw stars . 
 i rolled over on my belly and began crawling . 
 i lurched to my feet just before i got to the end of the bridge , stumbled once , found my rhythm , and then began to run . 
 i ran as only nine-year-old boys can run , which is like the wind . 
 it felt as if my feet only touched the ground with every third or fourth stride , and , for all i know , that may be true . 
 i ran straight up the right-hank wheel rut in the road , ran until my temples pounded and my eyes pulsed in their sockets , ran until i had a hot stitch in my left side from the bottom of my ribs to my armpit , ran until i could taste blood and something like metal shavings in the back of my throat , when i could n't run anymore i stumbled to a stop and looked back over my shoulder , puffing and blowing like a wind-broken horse . 
 i was convinced i would see him standing right there behind me in his natty black suit , the watch chain a glittering loop across his vest and not a hair out of place . 
 but he was gone . 
 the road stretching back toward castle stream between the darkly massed pines and spruces was empty . 
 an yet i sensed him somewhere near in those woods , watching me with his grassfire eyes , smelling of burned matches and roasted fish . 
 until that saturday in 1914 , i had thought that bears were the worst thing the forest could hold . 
 a mile or so farther up the road , just beyond the place where it came out of the woods and joined the geegan flat road , i saw my father walking toward me and whistling `` the old oaken bucket . '' 
 he was carrying his own rod , the one with the fancy spinning reel from monkey ward . 
 in his other hand he had his creel , the one with the ribbon my mother had woven through the handle back when dan was still alive . 
 `` dedicated to jesus '' that ribbon said . 
 i had been walking , but when i saw him i started to run again , screaming dad ! 
 dad ! 
 dad ! 
 at the top of my lungs and staggering from side to side on my tired , sprung legs like a drunken sailor . 
 the expression of surprise on his face when he recognized me might have been comical under other circumstances . 
 he dropped his rod and creel into the road without so much as a downward glance at them and ran to me . 
 it was the fastest i ever saw my dad run in his life ; when we came together it was a wonder the impact did n't knock us both senseless , and i struck my face on his belt buckle hard enough to start a little nosebleed . 
 i did n't notice that until later , though . 
 right then i only reached out my arms and clutched him as hard as i could . 
 i held on and rubbed my hot face back and forth against his belly , covering his old blue workshirt with blood and tears and snot . 
 `` gary , what is it ? 
 what happened ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 `` ma 's dead ! '' 
 i sobbed . 
 `` i met a man in the woods and he told me ! 
 ma 's dead ! 
 she got stung by a bee and it swelled her all up just like what happened to dan , and she 's dead ! 
 she 's on the kitchen floor and candy bill ... licked the t-t-tears ... off her ... '' face was the last word i had to say , but by then my chest was hitching so bad i could n't get it out . 
 my own tears were flowing again , and my dad 's startled , frightened face had blurred into three overlapping images . 
 i began to howl -- not like a little kid who 's skinned his knee but like a dog that 's seen something bad by moonlight -- and my father pressed my head against his hard flat stomach again . 
 i slipped out from under his hand , though , and looked back over my shoulder . 
 i wanted to make sure the man in the black suit was n't coming . 
 there was no sign of him ; the road winding back into the woods was completely empty . 
 i promised myself i would never go back down that road again , not ever , no matter what , and i suppose now that god 's greatest blessing to his creatures below is that they ca n't see the future . 
 it might have broken my mind if i had known i would be going back down that road , and not two hours later . 
 for that moment , though , i was only relieved to see we were still alone . 
 then i thought of my mother -- my beautiful dead mother -- and laid my face back against my father 's stomach and bawled some more . 
 `` gary , listen to me , '' he said a moment or two later . 
 i went on bawling . 
 he gave me a little longer to do that , then reached down and lifted my chin so he could look down into my face and i could look up into his . 
 `` your mom 's fine , '' he said . 
 i could only look at him with tears streaming down my cheeks . 
 i did n't believe him . 
 `` i do n't know who told you different , or what kind of dirty dog would want to put a scare like that into a little boy , but i swear to god your mother 's fine . '' 
 `` but ... but he said ... '' `` i do n't care what he said . 
 i got back from eversham 's earlier than i expected -- he does n't want to see any cows , it 's all just talk -- and decided i had time to catch up with you . 
 i got my pole and my creel and your mother made us a couple of jelly fold-overs . 
 her new bread . 
 still warm . 
 so she was fine half an hour ago , gary , and there 's nobody knows and different that 's come from this direction , i guarantee you . 
 not in just half an hour 's time . '' 
 he looked over my shoulder . 
 `` who was this man ? 
 and where was he ? 
 i 'm going to find him and thrash him within an inch of his life . '' 
 i thought a thousand things in just two seconds -- that 's what it seemed like , anyway -- but the last thing i thought was the most powerful : if my dad met up with the man in the black suit , i did n't think my dad would be the one to do the thrashing . 
 or the walking away . 
 i kept remembering those long white fingers , and the talons at the ends of them . 
 `` gary ? '' 
 `` i do n't know that i remember , '' i said . 
 `` were you where the stream splits ? 
 the big rock ? '' 
 i could never lie to my father when he asked a direct question -- not to save his life or mine . 
 `` yes , but do n't go down there . '' 
 i seized his arm with both hands and tugged it hard . 
 `` please do n't . 
 he was a scary man . '' 
 inspiration struck like an illuminating lightning bolt . 
 `` i think he had a gun . '' 
 he looked at me thoughtfully . 
 `` maybe there was n't a man , '' he said , lifting his voice a little on the last word and turning it into something that was almost but not quite a question . 
 `` maybe you fell asleep while you were fishing , son , and had a bad dream . 
 like the ones you had about danny last winter . '' 
 i had had a lot of bad dreams about dan last winter , dreams where i would open the door to our closet or to the dark , fruity interior of the cider shed and see him standing there and looking at me out of his purple strangulated face ; from many of these dreams i had awakened screaming , and awakened my parents as well . 
 i had fallen asleep on the bank of the stream for a little while , too -- dozed off , anyway -- but i had n't dreamed , and i was sure i had awakened just before the man in the black suit clapped the bee dead , sending it tumbling off my nose and into my lap . 
 i had n't dreamed him the way i had dreamed dan , i was quite sure of that , although my meeting with him had already attained a dreamlike quality in my mind , as i suppose supernatural occurrences always must . 
 but if my dad thought that the man had only existed in my own head , that might be better . 
 better for him . 
 `` it might have been , i guess , '' i said . 
 `` well , we ought to go back and find your rod and your creel . '' 
 he actually started in that direction , and i had to tug frantically at his arm to stop him again and turn him back toward me . 
 he thought that over , then nodded . 
 `` yes , i suppose you do . 
 we 'll go home first , and get your rod and creel later . '' 
 so we walked back to the farm together , my father with his fish pole propped on his shoulder just like one of my friends , me carrying his creel , both of us eating folded-over slices of my mother 's bread smeared with black-currant jam . 
 `` did you catch anything ? '' 
 he asked as we came in sight of the barn . 
 `` yes , sir , '' i said . 
 `` a rainbow . 
 pretty good-sized . '' 
 and a brookie that was a lot bigger , i thought but did n't say . 
 `` that 's all ? 
 nothing else ? '' 
 `` after i caught it i fell asleep . '' 
 this was not really an answer but not really a lie , either . 
 `` lucky you did n't lose your pole . 
 you did n't , did you , gary ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' i said , very reluctantly . 
 lying about that would do no good even if i 'd been able to think up a whopper -- not if he was set on going back to get my creel anyway , and i could see by his face that he was . 
 up ahead , candy bill came racing out of the back door , barking his shrill bark and wagging his whole rear end back and forth the way scotties do when they 're excited . 
 i could n't wait any longer . 
 i broke away from my father and ran to the house , still lugging his creel and still convinced , in my heart of hearts , that i was going to find my mother dead on the kitchen floor with her face swollen and purple , as dan 's had been when my father carried him in from the west filed , crying and calling the name of jesus . 
 but she was standing at the counter , just as well and fine as when i had left her , humming a song as she shelled peas into a bowl . 
 she looked around at me , first in surprise and then in fright as she took in my wide eyes and pale cheeks . 
 `` gary , what is it ? 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 i did n't answer , only ran to her and covered her with kisses . 
 at some point my father came in and said , `` do n't worry , lo -- he 's all right . 
 he just had one of his bad dreams , down there by the brook . '' 
 `` pray god it 's the last of them , '' she said , and hugged me tighter while candy bill danced around our feet , barking his shrill bark . 
 `` you do n't have to come with me if you do n't want to , gary , '' my father said , although he had already made it clear that he thought i should -- that i should go back , that i should face my fear , as i suppose folks would say nowadays . 
 that 's very well for fearful things that are make-believe , but two hours had n't done much to change my conviction that the man in the black suit had been real . 
 i would n't be able to convince my father of that , though . 
 i do n't think there was a nine-year old who ever lived would have been able to convince his father he 'd seen the devil walking out of the woods in a black suit . 
 `` i 'll come , '' i said . 
 i had come out of the house to join him before he left , mustering all my courage to get my feet moving , and now we were standing by the chopping block in the side yard , not far from the woodpile . 
 `` what you got behind your back ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i brought it out slowly . 
 i would go with him , and i would hope the man in the black suit with the arrow-straight part down the left side of his head was gone . 
 but if he was n't , i wanted to be prepared . 
 as prepared as i could be , anyway . 
 i had the family bible in the hand i had brought out from behind my back . 
 i 'd set out just to bring the new testament , which i had won for memorizing the most psalms in the thursday-night youth fellowship competition -lrb- i managed eight , although most of them except the twenty-third had floated out of my mind in a week 's time -rrb- , but the little red testament did n't seem like enough when you were maybe going to face the devil himself , not even when the words of jesus were marked out in red ink . 
 my father looked at the old bible , swollen with family documents and pictures , and i thought he 'd tell me to put it back but he did n't . 
 a look of mixed grief and sympathy crossed his face , and he nodded . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` does your mother know you took that ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` then we 'll hope she does n't spot it gone before we get back . 
 come on . 
 and do n't drop it . '' 
 half an hour or so later , the two of us stood on the bank at the place where castle stream forked , and at the flat place where i 'd had my encounter with the man with the red-orange eyes . 
 i had my bamboo rod in my hand -- i 'd picked it up below the bridge -- and my creel lay down below , on the flat place . 
 its wicker top was flipped back . 
 we stood looking down , my father and i , for a long time , and neither of us said anything . 
 opal ! 
 diamond ! 
 sapphire ! 
 jade ! 
 i smell gary 's lemonade ! 
 that had been his unpleasant little poem , and once he had recited it , he had thrown himself on his back , laughing like a child who has just discovered he has enough courage to say bathroom words like shit or piss . 
 the flat place down there was as green and lush as any place in maine that the sun can get to in early july . 
 except where the stranger had lain . 
 there the grass was dead and yellow in the shape of a man . 
 `` stay here , '' my father said at last , and skidded sideways down the bank , digging his shoes into the rich soft soil and holding his arms out for balance . 
 i stood where i was , holding the bible stiffly out at the ends of my arms , my heart thumping . 
 i do n't know if i had a sense of being watched that time or not ; i was too scared to have a sense of anything , except for a sense of wanting to be far away from that place and those woods . 
 my dad bent down , sniffed at where the grass was dead , and grimaced . 
 i knew what he was smelling : something like burnt matches . 
 then he grabbed my creel and came on back up the bank , hurrying . 
 he snagged one fast look over his shoulder to make sure nothing was coming along behind . 
 nothing was . 
 when he handed me the creel , the lid was still hanging back on its cunning little leather hinges . 
 i looked inside and saw nothing but two handfuls of grass . 
 `` thought you said you caught a rainbow , '' my father said , `` but maybe you dreamed that , too . '' 
 something in his voice stung me . 
 `` no , sir , '' i said . 
 `` i caught one . '' 
 `` well , it sure as hell did n't flop out , not if it was gutted and cleaned . 
 and you would n't put a catch into your fisherbox without doing that , would you , gary ? 
 i taught you better than that . '' 
 `` yes , sir , you did , but -- '' `` so if you did n't dream catching it and if it was dead in the box , something must have come along and eaten it , '' my father said , and then he grabbed another quick glance over his shoulder , eyes wide , as if he had heard something move in the woods . 
 i was n't exactly surprised to see drops of sweat standing out on his forehead like big clear jewels . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` let 's get the hell out of here . '' 
 i was for that , and we went back along the bank to the bridge , walking quick without speaking . 
 when we got there , my dad dropped to one knee and examined the place where we 'd found my rod . 
 there was another patch of dead grass there , and the lady 's slipper was all brown and curled in on itself , as if a blast of heat had charred it . 
 i looked in my empty creel again . 
 `` he must have gone back and eaten my other fish , too , '' i said . 
 my father looked up at me . 
 `` other fish ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i did n't tell you , but i caught a brookie , too . 
 a big one . 
 he was awful hungry , that fella . '' 
 i wanted to say more and the words trembled just behind my lips , but in the end i did n't . 
 we climbed up to the bridge and helped each other over the railing . 
 my father took my creel , looked into it , then went to the railing and threw it over . 
 i came up beside him in time to see it splash down and float away like a boat , riding lower and lower in the stream as the water poured in between the wicker weavings . 
 `` it smelled bad , '' my father said , but he did n't look at me when he said it , and his voice sounded oddly defensive . 
 it was the only time i ever heard him speak just that way . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` we 'll tell your mother we could n't find it . 
 if she asks . 
 if she does n't ask , we wo n't tell her anything . '' 
 `` no , sir , we wo n't . '' 
 and she did n't and we did n't , and that 's the way it was . 
 that day in the woods is eighty years gone , and for many of the years in between i have never even thought of it -- not awake , at least . 
 like any other man or woman who ever live , i ca n't say about my dreams , not for sure . 
 but now i 'm old , and i dream awake , it seems . 
 my infirmities have crept up like waves that will soon take a child 's abandoned sand castle , and my memories have also crept up , making me think of some old rhyme that went , in part , `` just leave them alone / and they 'll come home / wagging their tails behind them . '' 
 i remember meals i ate , games i played , girls i kissed in the school cloakroom when we played post office , boys i chummed with , the first drink i ever took , the firs cigarette i ever smoked -lrb- cornshuck behind dicky hamner 's pig shed , and i threw up -rrb- . 
 yet of all the memories the one of the man in the black suit is the strongest , and glows with its own spectral , haunted light . 
 he was real , he was the devil , and that day i was either his errand or his luck . 
 i feel more and more strongly that escaping him was my luck -- just luck , and not the intercession of the god i have worshipped and sung hymns to all my life . 
 as i lie here in my nursing-home room , and in the ruined sand castle that is my body , i tell myself that i need not fear the devil-that i have lived a good , kindly life , and i need not fear the devil . 
