 1 on a lovely may evening , i sat on my deck , watching the sun descend upon lake norman . 
 so far , it had been a perfect day . 
 i 'd risen at 5:00 a.m. as i always do , put on a pot of french roast , and prepared my usual breakfast of scrambled eggs and a bowl of fresh pineapple . 
 by six o'clock , i was writing , and i did n't stop until noon . 
 i fried two white crappies i 'd caught the night before , and the moment i sat down for lunch , my agent called . 
 cynthia fields my messages when i 'm close to finishing a book , and she had several for me , the only one of real importance being that the movie deal for my latest novel , blue murder , had closed . 
 it was good news of course , but two other movies had been made from my books , so i was used to it by now . 
 i worked in my study for the remainder of the afternoon and quit at 6:30 . 
 my final edits of the new as yet untitled manuscript would be finished tomorrow . 
 i was tired , but my new thriller , the scorcher , would be on bookshelves within the week . 
 i savored the exhaustion that followed a full day of work . 
 my hands sore from typing , eyes dry and strained , i shut down the computer and rolled back from the desk in my swivel chair . 
 i went outside and walked up the long gravel drive toward the mailbox . 
 it was the first time i 'd been out all day , and the sharp sunlight burned my eyes as it squeezed through the tall rows of loblollies that bordered both sides of the drive . 
 it was so quiet here . 
 fifteen miles south , charlotte was still gridlocked in rush-hour traffic , and i was grateful not to be a part of that madness . 
 as the tiny rocks crunched beneath my feet , i pictured my best friend , walter lancing , fuming in his cadillac . 
 he 'd be cursing the drone of horns and the profusion of taillights as he inched away from his suite in uptown charlotte , leaving the quarterly nature magazine hiker to return home to his wife and children . 
 not me , i thought , the solitary one . 
 for once , my mailbox was n't overflowing . 
 two envelopes lay inside , one a bill , the other blank except for my address typed on the outside . 
 fan mail . 
 back inside , i mixed myself a jack daniel 's and sun-drop and took my mail and a book on criminal pathology out onto the deck . 
 settling into a rocking chair , i set everything but my drink on a small glass table and gazed down to the water . 
 my backyard is narrow , and the woods flourish a quarter mile on either side , keeping my home of ten years in isolation from my closest neighbors . 
 spring had not come this year until mid-april , so the last of the pink and white dogwood blossoms still specked the variably green interior of the surrounding forest . 
 bright grass ran down to a weathered gray pier at the water 's edge , where an ancient weeping willow sagged over the bank , the tips of its branches dabbling in the surface of the water . 
 the lake is more than a mile wide where it touches my property , making houses on the opposite shore visible only in winter , when the blanket of leaves has been stripped from the trees . 
 so now , in the thick of spring , branches thriving with baby greens and yellows , the lake was mine alone , and i felt like the only living soul for miles around . 
 i put my glass down half-empty and opened the first envelope . 
 as expected , i found a bill from the phone company , and i scrutinized the lengthy list of calls . 
 when i 'd finished , i set it down and lifted the lighter envelope . 
 there was no stamp , which i thought strange , and upon slicing it open , i extracted a single piece of white paper and unfolded it . 
 in the center of the page , one paragraph had been typed in black ink : greetings . 
 there is a body buried on your property , covered in your blood . 
 the unfortunate young lady 's name is rita jones . 
 you 've seen this missing schoolteacher 's face on the news , i 'm sure . 
 in her jeans pocket you 'll find a slip of paper with a phone number on it . 
 you have one day to call that number . 
 if i have not heard from you by 8:00 p.m. tomorrow -lrb- 5/17 -rrb- , the charlotte police department will receive an anonymous phone call . 
 i 'll tell them where rita jones is buried on andrew thomas 's lakefront property , how he killed her , and where the murder weapon can be found in his house . 
 -lrb- i do believe a paring knife is missing from your kitchen . -rrb- 
 i hope for your sake i do n't have to make that call . 
 i 've placed a property marker on the grave site . 
 just walk along the shoreline toward the southern boundary of your property and you 'll find it . 
 i strongly advise against going to the police , as i am always watching you . 
 a smile edged across my lips . 
 i even chuckled to myself . 
 because my novels treat crime and violence , my fans often have a demented sense of humor . 
 i 've received death threats , graphic artwork , even notes from people claiming to have murdered in the same fashion as the serial killers in my books . 
 but i 'll save this , i thought . 
 i could n't remember one so original . 
 i read it again , but a premonitory twinge struck me the second time , particularly because the author had some knowledge regarding the layout of my property . 
 and a paring knife was , in fact , missing from my cutlery block . 
 carefully refolding the letter , i slipped it into the pocket of my khakis and walked down the steps toward the lake . 
 as the sun cascaded through the hazy sky , beams of light drained like spilled paint across the western horizon . 
 looking at the lacquered lake suffused with deep orange , garnet , and magenta , i stood by the shore for several moments , watching two sunsets collide . 
 against my better judgment , i followed the shoreline south and was soon tramping through a noisy bed of leaves . 
 i 'd gone an eighth of a mile when i stopped . 
 at my feet , amid a coppice of pink flowering mountain laurel , i saw a miniature red flag attached to a strip of rusted metal thrust into the ground . 
 the flag fluttered in a breeze that curled off the water . 
 this has to be a joke , i thought , and if so , it 's a damn good one . 
 as i brushed away the dead leaves that surrounded the marker , my heart began to pound . 
 the dirt beneath the flag was packed , not crumbly like undisturbed soil . 
 i even saw half a footprint when i 'd swept all the leaves away . 
 i ran back to the house and returned with a shovel . 
 because the soil had previously been unearthed , i dug easily through the first foot and a half , directly below where the marker had been placed . 
 at two feet , the head of the shovel stabbed into something soft . 
 my heart stopped . 
 throwing the shovel aside , i dropped to my hands and knees and clawed through the dirt . 
 a rotten stench enveloped me , and as the hole deepened , the smell grew more pungent . 
 my fingers touched flesh . 
 i drew my hand back in horror and scrambled away from the hole . 
 rising to my feet , i stared down at a coffee brown ankle , barely showing through the dirt . 
 the odor of rot overwhelmed me , so i breathed only through my mouth as i took up the shovel again . 
 when the corpse was completely exposed , and i saw what a month of putrefaction could do to a human face , i vomited into the leaves . 
 i kept thinking that i should have the stomach for this because i write about it . 
 researching the grisly handiwork of serial killers , i 'd studied countless mutilated cadavers . 
 but i had never smelled a human being decomposing in the ground , or seen how insects teem in the moist cavities . 
 i composed myself , held my hand over my mouth and nose , and peered again into the hole . 
 the face was unrecognizable , but the body was undoubtedly that of a short black female , thick in the legs , plump through the torso . 
 she wore a formerly white shirt , now marred with blood and dirt , the fabric rent over much of the chest , primarily in the vicinity of her heart . 
 jean shorts covered her legs down to the knees . 
 i got back down on all fours , held my breath , and reached for one of her pockets . 
 her legs were mushy and turgid , and i had great difficulty forcing my hand into the tight jeans . 
 finding nothing in the first pocket , i stepped across the hole and tried the other . 
 sticking my hand inside it , i withdrew a slip of paper from a fortune cookie and fell back into the leaves , gasping for clean lungfuls of air . 
 on one side , i saw the phone number ; on the other : `` you are the only flower of meditation in the wilderness . '' 
 in five minutes , i 'd reburied the body and the marker . 
 i took a small chunk of granite from the shore and placed it on the thicketed grave site . 
 then i returned to the house . 
 it was quarter to eight , and there was hardly any light left in the sky . 
 two hours later , sitting on the sofa in my living room , i dialed the number on the slip of paper . 
 every door to the house was locked , most of the lights turned on , and in my lap , a cold satin stainless .357 revolver . 
 i had not called the police for a very good reason . 
 the claim that it was my blood on the woman was probably a lie , but the paring knife had been missing from my kitchen for weeks . 
 also , with the charlotte police department 's search for rita jones dominating local news headlines , her body on my property , murdered with my knife , possibly with my fingerprints on it , would be more than sufficient evidence to indict me . 
 i 'd researched enough murder trials to know that . 
 as the phone rang , i stared up at the vaulted ceiling of my living room , glanced at the black baby grand piano i 'd never learned to play , the marble fireplace , the odd artwork that adorned the walls . 
 a woman named karen , whom i 'd dated for nearly two years , had convinced me to buy half a dozen pieces of art from a recently deceased minimalist from new york , a man who signed his work `` loman . '' 
 i had n't initially taken to loman , but karen had promised me i 'd eventually `` get '' him . 
 now , $ 27,000 and one fiancee lighter , i stared at the ten-by-twelve-foot abomination that hung above the mantel : shit brown on canvas , with a basketball-size yellow sphere in the upper right-hand corner . 
 aside from brown no. 2 , four similar marvels of artistic genius pockmarked other walls of my home , but these i could suffer . 
 mounted on the wall at the foot of the staircase , it was playtime , the twelve-thousand-dollar glass-encased heap of stuffed animals , sewn together in an orgiastic conglomeration , which reddened my face even now . 
 but i smiled , and the knot that had been absent since late winter shot a needle of pain through my gut . 
 my karen ulcer . 
 you 're still there . 
 still hurting me . 
 at least it 's you . 
 the second ring . 
 i peered up the staircase that ascended to the exposed second-floor hallway , and closing my eyes , i recalled the party i 'd thrown just a week ago-guests laughing , talking politics and books , filling up my silence . 
 i saw a man and a woman upstairs , elbows resting against the oak banister , overlooking the living room , the wet bar , and the kitchen . 
 holding their wineglasses , they waved down to me , smiling at their host . 
 the third ring . 
 my eyes fell on a photograph of my mother-a five-by-seven in a stained-glass frame , sitting atop the obsidian piano . 
 she was the only family member with whom i maintained regular contact . 
 though i had relatives in the pacific northwest , florida , and a handful in the carolinas , i saw them rarely-at reunions , weddings , or funerals that my mother shamed me into attending with her . 
 but with my father having passed away and a brother i had n't seen in thirteen years , family meant little to me . 
 my friends sustained me , and contrary to popular belief , i did n't have the true reclusive spirit imputed to me . 
 i did need them . 
 in the photograph , my mother is squatting down at my father 's grave , pruning a tuft of carmine canna lilies in the shadow of the headstone . 
 but you can only see her strong , kind face among the blossoms , intent on tidying up her husband 's plot of earth under that magnolia he 'd taught me to climb , the blur of its waxy green leaves behind her . 
 the fourth ring . 
 `` did you see the body ? '' 
 it sounded as if the man were speaking through a towel . 
 there was no emotion or hesitation in his staccato voice . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i gutted her with your paring knife and hid the knife in your house . 
 it has your fingerprints all over it . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` four months ago , you had blood work done by dr. xu . 
 they misplaced a vial . 
 you remember having to go back and give more ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i stole that vial . 
 some is on rita jones 's white t-shirt . 
 the rest is on the others . '' 
 `` what others ? '' 
 `` i make a phone call , and you spend the rest of your life in prison , possibly death row ... '' `` i just want you - '' `` shut your mouth . 
 you 'll receive a plane ticket in the mail . 
 take the flight . 
 pack clothes , toiletries , nothing else . 
 you spent last summer in aruba . 
 tell your friends you 're going again . '' 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 `` i know many things , andrew . '' 
 `` i have a book coming out , '' i pleaded . 
 `` i 've got readings scheduled . 
 my agent - '' `` lie to her . '' 
 `` she wo n't understand me just leaving like this . '' 
 `` fuck cynthia mathis . 
 you lie to her for your safety , because if i even suspect you 've brought someone along or that someone knows , you 'll go to jail or you 'll die . 
 one or the other , guaranteed . 
 and i hope you are n't stupid enough to trace this number . 
 i promise you it 's stolen . '' 
 `` how do i know i wo n't be hurt ? '' 
 `` you do n't . 
 but if i get off the phone with you and i 'm not convinced you 'll be on that flight , i 'll call the police tonight . 
 or i may visit you while you 're sleeping . 
 you 've got to put that smith and wesson away sometime . '' 
 i stood up and spun around , the gun clenched in my sweaty hands . 
 the house was silent , though chimes on the deck were clanging in a zephyr . 
 i looked through the large living room windows at the black lake , its wind-rippled surface reflecting the pier lights . 
 the blue light at the end of walter 's pier shone out across the water from a distant inlet . 
 his `` gatsby light , '' we called it . 
 my eyes scanned the grass and the edge of the trees , but it was far too dark to see anything in the woods . 
 `` i 'm not in the house , '' he said . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 i felt something well up inside of me-anger at the fear , rage at this injustice . 
 `` change of plan , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going to hang up , dial nine one one , and take my chances . 
 you can go - '' `` if you are n't motivated by self-preservation , there 's an old woman named jeanette i could - '' `` i 'll kill you . '' 
 `` sixty-five , lives alone , i think she 'd love the company . 
 what do you think ? 
 do i have to visit your mother to show you i 'm serious ? 
 what is there to consider ? 
 tell me you 'll be on that plane , andrew . 
 tell me so i do n't have to visit your mother tonight . '' 
 `` i 'll be on that plane . '' 
 the phone clicked , and he was gone . 
 2 on the muggy morning of may 21 , as raindrops splattered onto the sidewalk , i locked the door to my lake house and carried an enormous black duffel bag toward a white cadillac deville . 
 walter lancing opened the trunk from the driver 's seat , and i tossed the bag inside . 
 `` where the hell are you going ? '' 
 he asked cheerfully as we rolled slowly down my drive . 
 i 'd called him three hours ago , told him i needed a ride to the airport , and to pick me up by 10:30 , hanging up before he could question me . 
 `` going away for a while , '' i said . 
 `` where ? 
 that 's a big piece of luggage you got back there . '' 
 he was smiling . 
 i could hear it in his voice as i watched my house dwindle away in the side mirror . 
 `` just away , '' i said . 
 `` are you being intentionally vague ? '' 
 beads of sweat had formed on his unshaven face , and he ran his fingers through his short gray hair . 
 he glanced at me , awaiting my reply as rain fell in sheets from the charcoal sky , followed by a growl of thunder . 
 `` andy , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i finished my book . 
 i 'm tired . 
 i need a break-you know how it goes . '' 
 walter sighed , and i stared out the window as trees rushed by , listening to rain patter on the windshield . 
 walter 's wife , beth , had ridden in this car recently . 
 i could smell her body wash-sweet , icy juniper . 
 her pink emery board lay on the floor mat at my feet . 
 `` you going back to aruba ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 i was n't going to lie outright to him . 
 `` so i guess you are n't telling cynthia , either . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` with the scorcher coming out , she 's gon na go apeshit . '' 
 `` that 's why i did n't tell her . 
 she 's a drill sergeant . 
 call her tonight at home for me , would you ? 
 tell her i said i 'm tired of writing , i need a vacation , and not to worry . '' 
 `` and when she asks me where you went ? '' 
 `` tell her all you know is it 's some tiny island in the south pacific . '' 
 `` she 'll think i 'm lying . '' 
 `` that 's her problem . 
 she 's not your agent . '' 
 `` please tell me what 's going - '' `` do n't ask , walter . '' 
 the rain was still pouring when we turned southbound onto i-77 . 
 i closed my eyes and took a careful breath , my heart dancing like i 'd thrown down two shots of espresso . 
 i wanted to turn back . 
 the book tour , and relaxing in the comfort of my home while summer burgeoned around the lake , was how i 'd envisioned spending the coming months . 
 `` call me , '' walter said . 
 `` or write . 
 just let me know you 're okay . '' 
 `` if it 's possible , i will . '' 
 `` need me to get your mail and take care of your bills ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i meant to ask you before . '' 
 `` you 're scaring me , andy , '' he said . 
 the scurry of windshield wipers swinging back and forth and the groan of the engine became deafening . 
 i fiddled with the automatic window , flicking the tiny button with my middle finger , though nothing happened . 
 the child-safety lock was on . 
 the minuscule skyline of charlotte rose out of the green piedmont distance , the buildings decapitated , their pinnacles cloaked in the low ceiling of storm clouds . 
 walter looked over at me , attempting a smile . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i really do n't know . 
 that 's the thing . '' 
 at eleven o'clock , we arrived at the main entrance of douglas international airport . 
 we got out of the car , and i lifted my bag from the trunk and hoisted it up onto my shoulder . 
 `` i 'll come in with you if you want , '' walter said . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 i glanced around at the crowd of travelers moving through the automatic doors . 
 no one seemed to be paying us any attention , so i pulled out a manila envelope from a pocket on my bag and discreetly tossed it into the trunk . 
 `` if i 'm not back by the first of september , you can open it . '' 
 `` september ? '' 
 `` walter . 
 listen to me . 
 do n't show it to anyone . 
 if the time comes and i 'm not back , you 'll know what to do with what 's inside . 
 i wrote instructions . '' 
 he slammed the trunk shut . 
 our eyes locked . 
 his searched mine , confused , apprehensive . 
 i took him in whole so i could carry his image with me-him standing there in that granite gray suit , no tie , a white oxford shirt with the top two buttons undone . 
 my best friend . 
 walter . 
 will i look back on this moment and regret not letting you help me ? 
 my god . 
 `` see you around , '' i said . 
 then i slapped him on the shoulder and walked into the airport . 
 i peered out the circular window and guessed that the jet was cruising somewhere over the plains . 
 even at six miles above the earth , i could only see a tawny ocean extending from horizon to horizon . 
 in first class , i reclined , unbuckled , in a plush seat . 
 through the curtain that separated me from coach , i registered the discontented murmur of a hundred miserable passengers . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd flown coach , and amid the fear that accompanied me to denver , i found this smallest degree of luxury a comfort . 
 i stepped into the terminal . 
 as i stared down the long corridor bustling with impatient travelers , i saw an old white man in a black chauffeur 's suit staring at me . 
 he held a piece of cardboard displaying my last name printed in tall , thin letters . 
 i approached him . 
 `` i 'm andrew thomas , '' i said . 
 the brim of the man 's hat came only to my shoulders . 
 he looked me up and down with wide , uneven eyes . 
 `` welcome to denver . 
 name 's hiram , '' he rasped , and a smile spread suddenly across his gaunt , sinking face . 
 `` i have a limousine waiting for you outside . 
 shall we get your luggage ? '' 
 i followed him through the concourse , and for an old man , his stride was fast and steady . 
 in no time , we reached the baggage claim . 
 as we waited for my duffel bag , i asked him , `` so you know where to take me ? '' 
 `` yes sir , '' he said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he frowned reproachfully . 
 `` now , i was told to keep that a surprise , mr. thomas . 
 i got a pretty penny for keeping this a secret , so i ca n't go spoiling it for you . '' 
 `` you wo n't spoil it for me , '' i said , forcing myself to laugh good-naturedly , attempting to put him at ease . 
 `` really . 
 i 'll double what he 's paying you . '' 
 hiram laughed and shook his head . 
 `` he said you 'd probably try something like this . 
 told me to tell him if you did and he 'd pay me twice what you offered . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said . 
 `` forget it . 
 let it be a secret , then . 
 do n't tell him i asked . '' 
 i saw my bag gliding toward us , but when i reached for it , hiram grabbed my arm . 
 `` now , that 's my job , mr. thomas . '' 
 `` no , really , it 's okay . 
 that 's a heavy bag . '' 
 `` i get paid well for what i do , mr. thomas . 
 let me do my job . '' 
 he stepped in front of me and heaved my bag awkwardly off the conveyor belt . 
 `` i have breakable items in there , '' i said . 
 `` i 'd prefer to carry it . '' 
 `` no , '' he said flatly , and began walking away . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i yelled , drawing glances from the other passengers waiting for their luggage . 
 he stopped , and i ran up to him and jerked the bag off his shoulder . 
 `` i 'd prefer to carry it , '' i said . 
 hiram 's sagging eyes narrowed . 
 `` i have to use the bathroom , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be back . '' 
 i found a rest room and squeezed into the last stall . 
 sitting down on the toilet , i opened the bag and could immediately tell it had been sifted , for my clothes were in shambles . 
 reaching down , i retrieved the black gun case i 'd declared at the ticket counter . 
 i unlocked and opened the case , took out the .357 , and set it on top of the clothes . 
 i found the box of rounds buried under my socks , and i tore it open and loaded five semijacketed hollow-points into the cylinder . 
 then , with the .357 stuffed into the waistband of my khakis , and my oversized green polo shirt pulled down over my waist , i put the empty gun case and the box of rounds back into the duffel bag , zipped it up , and exited the stall . 
 three men stood at the urinals , and i strode nervously past them . 
 if you get caught , this is prison , i thought , moving through the swarm of people back toward hiram . 
 the gun felt so heavy , like it might fall out of my pants onto the floor . 
 we reached the entrance of the airport , and hiram led me outside to a black limousine . 
 i let him load my bag into the trunk , and then he opened the door for me and i climbed inside , half-expecting to find someone waiting for me . 
 but there was no one-just the immaculate gray interior of the limousine . 
 when hiram had settled into the driver 's seat and started the car , he looked back and said , `` there 's a minibar and a tv if you 're interested . 
 just let me know if you need anything else , mr. thomas . '' 
 hiram pulled out of the parking space and drove away from the airport . 
 staring out the deeply tinted windows , beyond the glare of the tarmac , i saw a brown throng of mountains in the western distance . 
 i wanted to lose myself in them and escape whatever hell awaited me . 
 3 an hour later , i stood watching hiram 's black limousine roll down the exit ramp and speed away on the interstate , heading back toward denver . 
 lifting my bag , i carried it into the shade of an aspen near the motel 6 office . 
 in the heat of the sun , it seemed impossible that snow glistened on the mountaintops . 
 across the interstate , thirty miles west , the front range of the rocky mountains swept up out of the plain without the warning of foothills , and though the sky shone blue directly above , thunderclouds clustered around the highest peaks . 
 lightning flickered farther back in the mountains , but i never heard the thunder that followed . 
 sitting in the cool grass , i opened the envelope hiram had left with me . 
 the note inside , identical in form to its predecessor , put knots in my craw as i read the black type : you should be reading this around two in the afternoon at the motel 6 on 1-25 north of denver . 
 get a room and pay cash for it so you can check in under the name randy snider . 
 be packed and ready to go at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow . 
 room 112 was on the ground level . 
 my nerves were frayed , so i checked the closet , the shower , even under the bed-anyplace large enough for a man to hide . 
 when i felt confident i was alone , i closed the blinds and locked the door . 
 then i lay down on the bed with the gun and a book and read all afternoon . 
 sometime after nine o'clock , the sky slipped from navy into black . 
 unable to keep my eyes open , i noticed the words on the page beginning to blur . 
 fatigue wore me down , though i fought to stay awake . 
 a line of storms was rolling in from rocky mountain national park , and every few seconds , thunder cracked and lightning flashed through the blinds . 
 starving , i ran outside to the vending machines and bought a pack of crackers and two cans of soda . 
 by the time i returned to my door , a drenching rain was falling from the sky , and the wind gusted , flinging dust in my eyes . 
 as i opened the door and stepped across the threshold , i glanced back at the parking lot . 
 there were only three cars , briefly visible when lightning stoked the sky with a yellowish blue explosion of electricity . 
 i shut the door and locked it . 
 storm warnings scrolled across the bottom of the television screen in alarming red . 
 within minutes , i finished the sodas and devoured the crackers , and , having satisfied my appetite , my exhaustion became complete . 
 i cut out the lights , slipped out of my tennis shoes , and climbed into bed . 
 nothing could stop my eyes from closing , not even the knowledge that he was coming . 
 i felt constrained beneath the covers , so i lay on top of them and placed the .357 on the bedside table . 
 i 'll only sleep for an hour , i promised myself . 
 one hour , no longer . 
 a deafening blast of thunder shattered the sky-so loud , it seemed the storm was in the room . 
 my eyes opened , and i saw the door swinging back and forth and lightning striking a mountain peak . 
 i glanced at the alarm clock : 3:15 . 
 the door is open , i thought , and i reached for the gun on the bedside table but only palmed the smooth surface of the wood . 
 a stabbing pain shot through my left arm , and i jerked up in bed . 
 when i looked down at the floor , i shrieked . 
 a dark figure crouched on all fours . 
 my mouth turned cottony , and i could think of nothing but running before it stabbed me again . 
 i tried to lunge off the other side of the bed and move toward the door , but nothing happened . 
 it felt as if boulders had been strapped to my arms and legs . 
 even my fingers were incapacitated , and i fell back , my head sinking into the soft pillow . 
 my eyes began to close as the dark figure stood and moved to the foot of the bed . 
 it spoke to me , but the words melted . 
 lightning , black ... pain and darkness . 
 the throbbing of an interstate beneath me . 
 muffled jazz music ... i opened my eyes to pure darkness . 
 my hands were cuffed behind my back , feet bound with thick rope , and an aching thirst wrenched my gut . 
 through chapped , splitting lips , i gave voice to a broken scream . 
 an antique moon appeared , huge and yellow . 
 the shadowy figure of a man reached toward me , and i felt the prick of a needle . 
 when i groaned , he said , `` this will all be over soon . '' 
 darkness again ... sunlight flooded across my eyelids . 
 on my back , sweating , i perceived the softness of a mattress beneath me and a pillow supporting my head . 
 my hands and feet were no longer tied , so i pulled a blanket over my eyes to block the sun . 
 be packed and ready to go at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow . 
 sitting up , i looked for the alarm clock . 
 i was n't in the motel 6 . 
 in the small square room , my bed rested flush against the back wall , one window at the level of the bed showering brilliant sunlight into the room . 
 black iron bars stretched across the window , and i knew they were for me . 
 the rough , unembellished walls were built of mud red logs , each a foot in diameter , and the floor was stone . 
 the only other furniture consisted of a bedside table , a chair , and a tottering desk pushed against the opposite wall , beside a closed door . 
 i moved to the window and gazed through the bars . 
 a vast expanse of semiarid desert stretched out before me , the land flat and ridden with low homogenous vegetation . 
 no power lines , no pavement , no signs of civilization outside this tiny room . 
 i felt utterly alone . 
 the sky was turquoise , and though warm in my room , i judged from the intensity of the sun that it was torrid outside . 
 turning from the window , i noticed a piece of paper on the desk across the room . 
 i stepped onto the stone floor , cold as steel despite the intolerable heat , then crossed the room and lifted the sheet of paper off the desk . 
 before we meet , let me emphasize the futility of escape , deception , or destroying me . 
 if you 'll open the middle drawer of the desk , you 'll find an envelope . 
 take a moment to look inside . 
 when i opened the envelope , i gasped : photos of me reaching down into rita jones 's grave , a crudely sketched map of my lake property , disclosing the location of four bodies , and three typed pages giving details of the killings and revealing in which closet of my house the paring knife could be found . 
 there was also a newspaper clipping regarding the sentencing of a man whose name -lrb- along with all other pertinent information -rrb- had been blacked out . 
 across the headline , he 'd scribbled `` innocence takes the punishment for my crime . '' 
 i returned to the letter . 
 prayers for my health and safety are in order , because there is another envelope with a map , showing where the bodies really are and telling where the knife really is . 
 in two months , someone will deliver that envelope to the charlotte police department . 
 if i 'm not there to stop them in person , you , andrew thomas , will go to prison . 
 people have been convicted with less evidence than i have against you , and i 've already put two individuals on death row for my crimes . 
 -lrb- like the newspaper clipping ? -rrb- 
 last thing . 
 know that your mother 's safety hinges on your conduct here . 
 now , you 've had quite a journey . 
 rest as much as you like , and when you 're ready to learn why i 've brought you here , knock on the door . 
 i returned to the bed and , leaning against the barred window , looked out again upon the desert . 
 my eyes filled with tears as i beheld the wilderness . 
 aside from the windblown motion of the tumbleweeds dispersing their seed , there was no movement . 
 it was a wasteland , a deadened landscape , which at another time might have been serene . 
 but in my present condition , it only enhanced the foreboding . 
 wiping my eyes , i rose from the bed , and my heart galloped as i approached the door . 
 4 a slot six inches high and a foot wide had been cut into the center of the sturdy wooden door . 
 i knelt down and pushed on the metal sheet , but it would n't budge . 
 standing again , i drew a deep breath . 
 weak and hungry , it was impossible to know how long i 'd lain unconscious in this room . 
 my arms were sore and speckled with needle pricks . 
 timidly , i knocked on the door and then retreated to the bed . 
 footsteps soon approached , clicking softly against the stone outside . 
 the metal panel slid up , and i glimpsed another room : bookshelves , a stack of records , a white kerosene heater , a breakfast table ... in place of the panel , a flap of bubble wrap descended . 
 someone stood before the opening , though only a form without detail , blurred behind the sheet of quarter-size plastic bubbles . 
 `` come here , '' he said . 
 i inched toward the door . 
 when i was a few feet away , he said , `` stop . 
 turn around . '' 
 i turned and waited . 
 the bubble wrap crinkled , and i assumed he 'd lifted the plastic and was now appraising my condition . 
 after a moment , he said , `` come to the door . '' 
 the slot had been cut at waist level , and when i reached the door and knelt down to peer out , he said , `` no , no , do n't look at me . 
 sit with your back to the door . '' 
 i obeyed . 
 though it terrified me to be in proximity to him , i emphatically reassured myself that he had n't brought me into a desert just to kill me in my first moments of consciousness . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 he asked , and in his voice i sensed true concern . 
 he sounded nothing like the man on the phone . 
 his voice had a slight buzzing quality , as if he spoke with the aid of a speech enhancement device . 
 though his voice was familiar , i could n't place him , and i distrusted my perception after spending an indeterminate number of hours unconscious under a slew of narcotics . 
 `` i feel groggy , '' i said , my tone as demure as possible . 
 i did n't want to excite him . 
 `` that 'll wear off . '' 
 `` you wrote those letters ? 
 killed that teacher ? '' 
 `` yes and yes . '' 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` suffice it to say that you 're in the middle of a desert , and were you to escape , you 'd die of thirst and heat exhaustion before you reached the outskirts of civilization . '' 
 `` how long will i - '' `` no more questions regarding your quasi-captivity . 
 i wo n't tell you when or where you are . '' 
 `` what will you tell me ? '' 
 `` you 're here to get an education . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` if you only knew . 
 the substance of your learning will become manifest , so be patient . '' 
 `` can i please have my things ? '' 
 he sighed , the first sign of frustration boiling under his breath . 
 `` we 'll talk about that later . '' 
 then his voice softened , shedding its edge . 
 `` pretend you 're an infant , andrew . 
 a tiny , helpless infant . 
 right now , in your room , you 're in the womb . 
 you do n't understand how to use your senses , how to think , how to reason . 
 rely on me for everything . 
 i 'm going to teach you how to see the world again . 
 i 'll feed your mind first . 
 fatten it up on the most brilliant thinkers in human history . '' 
 a white hand pushed through the bubble wrap and dropped a book onto the floor . 
 `` your first meal , '' he said as i lifted a hardback of the prince . 
 `` machiavelli . 
 the man 's a genius . 
 undisputedly . 
 are you familiar with hannibal , the general from carthage who ransacked rome ? 
 marched his men across the alps with an army of war elephants . '' 
 `` i know who he was . '' 
 `` well , he marched his army all over the mediterranean coast and eastern europe , but what made hannibal 's army singular was that there was no dissension among his soldiers . 
 different nationalities , beliefs , languages , and no dissension in the ranks . 
 you know what made that peace possible ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` in the words of machiavelli , hannibal 's ` inhuman cruelty , which , with his boundless valor , made him revered and terrible in the sight of his soldiers , but without that cruelty , his other virtues were not sufficient to produce this effect . ' '' 
 he was silent for a moment , and i could hear only the dry , scorching wind pushing against the glass panes and my captor 's escalated breathing . '' 
 ` inhuman cruelty , ' '' he repeated . 
 `` that gives me chills . '' 
 his voice had turned passionate , as though he were speaking to his lover . 
 `` so , '' he said , `` start reading that tonight , and we 'll talk about it tomorrow . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm starving . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm gon na make dinner now , so why do n't you start on that book . 
 i hope broiled shrimp on angel-hair pasta sounds good to you . '' 
 he ripped the bubble wrap away and shoved the metal panel back over the opening . 
 my head dropped in relief that he was gone , and i sat motionless in my white bathrobe , staring vacantly into the floor . 
 a small lamp , screwed into the wall , exuded dim , barely sufficient light onto the pages . 
 because he 'd yet to give me the duffel bag , i did n't have the aid of my glasses , so my eyes were failing me . 
 i dropped the prince onto the floor , having finished half of it . 
 i hoped that would be enough for him . 
 when i reached up and turned off the lamp , the placid light of a full moon flooded in between the bars , soft and soothing . 
 i would 've dreaded to spend my first conscious night in the perfect darkness of a new moon . 
 the room had grown unbearable from a day 's accumulation of sunlight , and though the heat had dissipated from the desert with the onslaught of night , it had lingered in my room . 
 so i 'd opened the window when the sun set , and now the dry chill of the desert night infiltrated the room , forcing me to burrow under the fleece blankets . 
 closing my eyes , i listened . 
 through the open window , owls screeched and coyotes or wild dogs yapped at the moon , though they seemed a great distance away . 
 since dinner , i had n't heard a peep from him . 
 no footsteps , no breathing , nothing . 
 for the last hour , jazz music had filled the cabin . 
 it came quietly at first , stealing in like a whisper , so that i heard only the guttural rumblings of a bass . 
 the volume rose , and the ride cymbal pattern and the offbeat swish of a closing hi-hat pulsed into the room . 
 when the piano and trumpet and saxes climaxed through the wall , i suddenly recognized the song , and it took me back twenty years , to a different time , a different life . 
 it was miles davis , john coltrane , julian `` cannonball '' adderley , paul chambers , bill evans , and jimmy cobb playing `` all blues , '' a moody , blues form piece in 68 , off the 1959 album kind of blue . 
 an acute scream soared above the music . 
 i sat up and listened . 
 another scream ruptured the night . 
 clutching the iron bars , i turned my eyes on the desert , but saw nothing save miles of moonlit sagebrush . 
 again , a scream-a woman 's , closer than before . 
 fifty feet away , a figure stumbled through the desert , choking for breath . 
 when it was halfway past the window frame , a second , larger figure entered on the left side . 
 it lunged upon the smaller figure and drove it into the ground at the foot of a greasewood shrub . 
 i heard a female voice , crying , shriller screams , pleadings , but the words were indecipherable when they reached my ears . 
 the larger figure kicked at the ground . 
 then it knelt down , thrusting . 
 more screams , the loudest , most piercing yet . 
 silence . 
 now only the large figure stood , staring at the ground . 
 in a measured pace , it walked back in the direction from which it had come , pulling by long black hair what it had chased through the desert . 
 i heard the footsteps and what it dragged sliding through the dirt , the woman 's legs still twitching . 
 suddenly , it turned and looked in my direction . 
 moonlight , bluish and surreal , streamed across the stranger 's face . 
 i froze . 
 my brother , orson , stood smiling on the desert . 
 5 a stiff purple dawn unfolded on the desert , ending a terrible , sleepless night . 
 i realized from here on out , whenever i closed my eyes , i would always see a man on a moonlit desert , dragging a woman through the dirt by her hair . 
 at the approach of footsteps , i sat up in bed . 
 a dead bolt turned and the door swung open , revealing a man of my proportions : same thin , muscular build , same stark blue eyes . 
 similar but not identical , his face looked like the ideal of mine , more handsome in its superior proportionality . 
 he stood grinning in the doorway , and in contrast to my unkempt graying hair , his crew cut shone a perfect brown . 
 in addition to black snakeskin boots and faded blue jeans , he wore a bloody white t-shirt with sweat marks extending down from the armpits . 
 i wondered fleetingly why he perspired so profusely before the sun had even risen . 
 his arms were stronger than mine , and as he leaned against the door frame , he took an aggressive bite out of a large burgundy apple . 
 i could n't speak . 
 it was like seeing not the ghost of a loved one , but the demon . 
 tears burned in my eyes . 
 this is not real . 
 this can not be my brother , this terrible man . 
 `` i have missed you so much , '' orson said , still hovering in the doorway . 
 i could only stare back into his blue eyes . 
 orson had disappeared from appalachian state university our junior year , my last image that of him standing in the doorway of our dorm room . 
 `` you wo n't see me for a while , '' he had said . 
 and i had n't , from that day to this . 
 the police had given up . 
 he 'd just vanished . 
 my mother and i had hired detectives : nothing . 
 we feared he was dead . 
 now he apologized . 
 `` i would n't have had you see that last night . 
 the consequence of using old rope , i guess . '' 
 i noticed fresh scratch marks on his neck and face . 
 specks of glitter glinted on his cheeks , and i wondered if they 'd come off the woman 's fingernails when she struggled . 
 `` you want breakfast ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` coffee 's brewing . '' 
 i shuddered , repulsed . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` i wanted to keep you in here for several days before bringing you out and revealing myself , but after last night ... well , there 's really no use is there ? '' 
 sweat slid down my sides . 
 as he bit again into the apple , orson began to walk up a short hallway . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 i climbed down off the bed and followed him out of my room , heading toward the front of the cabin . 
 my legs felt unstable , like they might sink right down into a puddle on the floor . 
 `` have a seat , '' he said , pointing to a black leather sofa pushed against the left-hand wall . 
 as i walked into the living room , i glanced behind me . 
 at the terminus of a narrow hallway , two rooms , side by side , constructed the backbone of the cabin , mine on the left , a door without a dead bolt or a centered metal panel on the right . 
 a small monet of a skiff gliding under a stone bridge hung from a log between the two doors . 
 the walls of the living room were covered , floor to ceiling , with books . 
 they stood on rustic shelves that protruded from the logs , and i was amazed at the diversity of the titles . 
 i recognized , on the end of one shelf , the colorful jackets of the five books i 'd written . 
 my brother walked to the other side of the room , which became a tiny kitchen . 
 a record player sat on a stool by the front door , a three-foot stack of records beside it . 
 orson looked at me and , smiling , set the needle on a record . 
 `` freddie freeloader '' sprang out from two large speakers , and i eased down on the sofa . 
 as the song progressed , orson took a seat on the other end of the couch . 
 the way he stared unnerved me . 
 i wanted my glasses . 
 `` do you think i could have my things now ? '' 
 `` oh , you mean this ? '' 
 nonchalantly , he pulled my .357 out of his jeans pocket . 
 `` i did tell you to bring the smith and wesson , did n't i ? '' 
 his voice filled with angry sarcasm as his cold eyes dilated and burned through me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , shifting uncomfortably on the couch , mouth running dry . 
 `` would n't you have done the same ? 
 i mean , i did n't know - '' `` trying to put me in your shoes wo n't work . '' 
 he walked to the record player and lifted the needle . 
 the cabin now in absolute silence , he moved to the center of the living room . 
 `` you f ** ked up , andy . 
 i told you just bring clothes and toiletries , and you brought a gun and a box of bullets . '' 
 he spoke casually , as though we lounged on a back porch , smoking cigars . 
 `` when you do n't follow my instructions , that hurts both of us , and the only thing i can think of to do is show you that not following them is n't in your best interest . '' 
 he opened the cylinder of the .357 and showed me five empty chambers . 
 `` you f ** ked up once , so we 'll load one bullet . '' 
 he took a round from his pocket and slipped it into a chamber . 
 i grew sick with fear . 
 `` orson , you ca n't . '' 
 `` andy-andy-andy . 
 you never tell a man with a loaded weapon what to do . '' 
 he spun the cylinder , flipped it back into the gun , and cocked the hammer . 
 `` let me explain how this punishes me also , because i do n't want you to think i 'm doing this just for kicks . 
 `` i 've gone to a great deal of trouble to bring you out here , and if your luck suddenly runs out and the twenty percent chance of this bullet being in the hot chamber bites your ass , i 've done a lot of work for nothing . 
 but i 'm willing to take that chance to teach you a lesson about following my instructions . '' 
 when he pointed the gun at my chest , i uselessly held out my hands . 
 he squeezed the trigger-click-and took a bite of his apple . 
 i could hardly breathe , and as i buried my face in my hands , orson put the record back on . 
 the music started again , and he snapped his fingers to the offbeat , smiling warmly at me as he returned to the couch . 
 when he 'd removed the round from the chamber , he set the gun on the floor and plopped back down beside me . 
 a wave of nausea watered my mouth , and i thought i might be sick . 
 holy f ** king shit , he 's out of his goddamned mind . 
 i 'm going to die . 
 i 'm alone in a desert with a psychopath who is my brother . 
 my f ** king brother . 
 `` andy , you 're free to roam the house now , and the desert . 
 the shed outside is off-limits , and i 'm gon na lock your door every night when you go to bed . 
 you can quit pissing in the bowl . 
 shower at the well by the outhouse . 
 it 's cold , but you 'll get used to it . 
 the electricity comes from a new generator out back , but i 've been too busy to put in plumbing . '' 
 `` may i use the outhouse now ? '' 
 i asked , scarcely able to muster my voice . 
 `` sure . 
 always let me know when you leave . 
 i do n't ever want to have to come find you . '' 
 still shaking , i crossed the room and opened the door to sunlight ripening upon the russet wilderness . 
 i shivered , girding the white bathrobe i 'd worn for the last two days more snugly around my waist . 
 when i reached back to shut the door , orson stood in the threshold . 
 `` i have missed you , '' he said . 
 i looked at him , and for a second he was vulnerable , like the brother i 'd loved when we were young . 
 his eyes pleaded for something , but i was in no condition to consider what they wanted . 
 `` who was she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he knew damn well who i meant , but he said nothing . 
 we just stared at each other , a connection kindling that had lain dormant almost to its death . 
 there remained combustible matter between us . 
 i was n't going to wait for him to close the door , so i turned away to walk down into the chilled dirt . 
 `` andy , '' he said , and i stopped on the steps , but i did n't look back . 
 `` just a waitress . '' 
 6 i stood on the rickety front porch , in the shadow of a tin roof supported by rotten four-by-fours . 
 a strong , steady breeze blew in from the desert , carrying the sweet , piquant smell of sagebrush , scorched earth , and flowers unknown to me . 
 four wobbly rocking chairs , two on either side of the door , swayed imperceptibly , but i sat down on the steps and shoved my bare feet into shaded dirt , still cool where it escaped the sun . 
 my eyes wandered along the northern horizon , a mass of foothills and mountains . 
 at least thirty miles away , there was no texture to their slopes . 
 only hunter green at the lower elevations , denoting evergreen forests , then shattered gray rock , then cloudlike glacier fields that would never melt . 
 sixty yards off the left side of the porch stood a large shed . 
 it looked hastily built and new , its tin roof and smooth boards of yellow pine glowing in the sinking sun . 
 a chain was wrapped snakelike around the latch that connected the double doors . 
 tire tracks led straight to the shed . 
 a mile or so beyond , the desert rose several hundred feet to a ridge of rusty bluffs that extended south , sloping gently back to the desert floor . 
 scraggy junipers lined the top , their jagged silhouettes blackening against the sky . 
 since dawn , i 'd been trying to read machiavelli in my room . 
 hot and unable to concentrate on anything except how i might escape , i 'd come outside looking for relief in a breeze . 
 but even in the wind , sweat stung my eyes , moistening my skin and hair . 
 inside , i heard another jazz record-such an eerie sound track to this empty desert , the music so full , effecting thoughts of crowded new york city clubs and people crammed into compact spaces . 
 normally , i despise crowds and proximity , but now the claustrophobic confines of a raucous nightclub seemed comforting . 
 i sat on the steps for the better part of an hour , watching the desert turn scarlet beneath the sun . 
 my mind blanked , and i became so engrossed in the perpetuation of mindlessness that i started when the front door squeaked open behind me . 
 orson 's boots clunked hollowly against the wood . 
 `` will you be hungry soon ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the rumble of his scratchy voice caused my stomach to flutter . 
 i could n't accept that we were together again . 
 his presence still horrified me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i thought i 'd grill a couple of steaks , '' he said , and i could tell he was smiling , hoping i 'd be impressed . 
 i wondered if he were trying to make up for nearly killing me . 
 as children , whenever we fought , he 'd always try to win me back with gifts , flattery , or , as in this case , food . 
 `` you want a drink ? '' 
 god yes . 
 i turned around and looked up at him . 
 `` if you 've got it , jack daniel 's would be nice . '' 
 he walked back inside and returned with an unopened fifth of that blessed tennessee whiskey . 
 it was the best moment of my day , like a small piece of home , and my heart leapt . 
 cracking the black seal , i took a long swill , closing my eyes as the oaken fire burned down my throat . 
 in that second , as the whiskey singed my empty stomach , i could 've been on my deck , alone , getting shit-faced in the glory of a carolina evening . 
 i offered the bottle to orson , but he declined . 
 he walked around the corner of the cabin and dragged a grill back with him . 
 after lighting the charcoal , he walked inside and returned carrying a plate with two ridiculously thick red filets mignons , salted and peppered . 
 as he stepped past me , he held the plate down and said , `` pour a little of that whiskey on the meat . '' 
 i drenched them in sour mash , and orson tossed the tenderloin rounds on the grill , where they flamed for a couple of seconds . 
 he came and sat beside me , and as the fuzziness of the whiskey set in , we listened to the steaks sizzle and watched the sunset redden , like old friends . 
 when the steaks were cooked , we took our plates onto the front porch , where a flimsy table stood on one side . 
 orson lit two candles with a silver zippo , and we consumed our dinner in silence . 
 i could n't help thinking as i sat across from him , you are n't that monster i saw on the desert last night . 
 that is how i sit here without trembling or weeping , because somehow i know that can not be you . 
 you are just orson . 
 my brother . 
 my blue-eyed twin . 
 i see you as a boy , a sweet , innocuous boy . 
 not that thing on the desert . 
 not that demon . 
 as the last shallow sunbeams retreated below the purple horizon , an ominous feeling took hold of me . 
 the presence of light had afforded me a sense of control , but now , in darkness , i felt defenseless again . 
 for this reason , i had n't touched the whiskey after my initial buzz , fearing inebriation could be dangerous here . 
 the silence at the table unnerved me , too . 
 we 'd been sitting for twenty minutes without a word , but i was n't going to speak . 
 what would i say to him ? 
 orson had been staring into his plate , but now his eyes fixed on me . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` andy , '' he said . 
 `` you remember mr. hamby ? '' 
 i could n't suppress it . 
 a smile found my lips for the first time in days . 
 `` want me to tell it like you never heard it before ? '' 
 orson asked . 
 when i nodded , he leaned forward in his chair , blithe , wide-eyed , a born storyteller . 
 `` when we were kids , we 'd go several times a year up into the countryside north of winston-salem to stay with grandmom . 
 granddad was dead , and she liked the company . 
 so how old were we when this happened ? 
 nine maybe ? 
 we 'll say nine so ... '' you feel like orson , and i know , i hope it wo n't last , but christ , you feel like my brother in this moment . 
 `` and grandmom 's house was next to this apple orchard . 
 joe hamby 's orchard . 
 he was a widower , so he lived by himself . 
 it was early autumn , and schools and church groups would come for the day to hamby 's orchard to pick apples and pumpkins , and buy cider and take hayrides . 
 `` well , since this orchard backed right up against grandmom 's property , we could n't resist sneaking over there . 
 we 'd steal apples , climb on his tractors , play in the mountains of hay he stored in his barns . 
 but hamby was a real bastard about trespassers , so we 'd have to go at night . 
 we 'd wait till grandmom went to sleep , and we 'd sneak out of that creaky farmhouse . 
 `` all right , so this one particular october night , we slip outside about nine o'clock and hop the fence into the orchard . 
 i remember the moon 's very full , and it 's not cold yet , but the crickets and tree frogs are gone , so the night is very still and very quiet . 
 it 's near the peak of harvest . 
 some of the apples have soured , but most are perfect , and we stroll through the orchard , eating these ripened sun-warmed beauties , just having a helluva time . 
 `` now hamby owned a couple hundred acres , and on the farthest corner of his land , there was this pumpkin patch we 'd heard about but never had the balls to go there . 
 well , this night was one of those nights when we felt invincible . 
 so we reach the end of the orchard and see these big orange pumpkins in the moonlight . 
 remember , hamby had won some blue ribbons for his pumpkins at the state fair . 
 he grew these monstrous hundred-pound freaks of nature . 
 `` we can see his house a ways up the tractor path , and all the lights are off , so we race each other into the pumpkin patch , our eyes peeled for one of those hundred-pounders . 
 finally , we collapse in the middle of the patch , laughing , out of breath . '' 
 orson smiled . 
 i did , too . 
 we knew what was coming . 
 `` suddenly , just a few yards away , we hear this loud groan : ' i love my orange pu ** y ! ' '' 
 i guffawed , felt the whiskey burn my sinuses . 
 `` scared us shitless , '' he said . 
 `` we turn and see mr. hamby draped over this huge pumpkin the size of one of those galapagos island sea turtles . 
 he 's got his overalls down around his ankles , and boy he 's humping this thing in the moonlight . 
 just talking up a storm , smacking it like he 's smacking a bare ass , and stopping every now and then to take a swig from his jar of peach brandy . 
 `` of course we 're mortified , and do n't realize he 's obliviously drunk . 
 we think he 'll see us and chase us if we try to run home , so we lay down in the dirt and wait for him to finish up and go home . 
 well , eventually he finishes ... with that pumpkin , pulls up his overalls , and goes looking for another . 
 the next one 's smaller , and after he 's bored a hole in it with his auger , he drops to his knees and starts riding this one . 
 we watch him f ** k five pumpkins before he passes out dead drunk . 
 then we run back through the orchard toward grandmom 's , sick on apples and ... '' i see us on that brisk autumn night , as vividly as i see us sitting here now , climbing back over that wooden fence , both wearing overalls and matching long-sleeved turtlenecks . 
 we wanted to be identical then . 
 told everyone we were , and we looked it , too . 
 does that bond still have a pulse ? 
 i had tears in my eyes when he finished . 
 the sound of our laughter moved me , and i allowed myself to look freely into his face , surveying the space behind his eyes . 
 but the fingernail marks across his cheek started that woman 's god-awful screaming inside my head again , and i lost the comfort of the moment , and the ease with which i 'd remained in his presence for the last half hour . 
 orson discerned the change , and his gaze left me for the black empty desert all around us . 
 a gust extinguished the candles , leaving us in darkness . 
 now the last intimation of purple was exposed against the western horizon , but it blackened the moment i saw it . 
 the sky filled with stars-millions more than in the polluted eastern skies . 
 even on the clearest nights above lake norman , the stars appear fuzzy , as if dimmed behind diaphanous chiffon . 
 here they shone upon the desert like tiny moons , and many streaked across the sky . 
 `` i 'm cold , '' i said , rubbing my arms , now textured with gooseflesh . 
 i could barely see orson , only his shape visible across the table . 
 he stood . 
 `` if you have to use the outhouse , do it now . 
 in fifteen minutes , i 'm locking you in your room . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 orson made no reply . 
 he took the plates and glasses inside , and i sat for a moment after he was gone , searching the sky for meteors . 
 rubbing my eyes , i came to my feet . 
 i would be relieved to be alone in my room , with nothing to do but read and sleep . 
 the sound of dishes in the sink made me start , and i ran across the warm dirt in bare feet to the outhouse . 
 7 days passed languidly on the desert . 
 the sun wasted no time setting the land on fire , so after ten o'clock each morning , it became dangerous to venture outside . 
 the heat was dry and stifling , so i remained in the shaded , cooler confines of my room or the rest of the cabin when i was n't locked away . 
 there was no paucity of food . 
 in fact , i 'd never eaten better . 
 orson kept his freezer filled with prime cuts of meat , and he prepared three exquisite meals each day . 
 we ate steak , salmon , veal , even lobster on one occasion , and drank bottles of wine with every supper . 
 i asked him once why he dined like royalty , and he told me , `` because i 'm entitled to it , andy . 
 we both are . '' 
 as i finished one book , orson would have another for me . 
 after machiavelli , it was seneca , and then democratis on the expunction of melancholy . 
 though i read a book each day , orson kept constant pressure on me to read faster . 
 what he wanted me to glean from these classic texts , i could not imagine , and he had yet to reveal . 
 i obsessed about potential modes of escape . 
 though i had the opportunity , simply walking away was out . 
 i had neither the strength nor the resources to hike out of this desert , without even knowing a direction in which to head . 
 but i surmised orson 's means of transportation was locked in the shed . 
 so i 'd bide my time , construct a plan , and amass the nerve and will to overcome my brother . 
 i would not be impetuous . 
 only smart decisions and flawless execution would preserve my life . 
 keeping a journal calmed me . 
 several hours after dusk , when i 'd finished reading and orson had locked me in for the night , i would sit in bed and jot down the day 's events . 
 i 'd write for an hour , often longer , sometimes disgressing into thoughts of home and the lake . 
 i 'd compose elaborate descriptions of my property , summoning the smells and sounds of the lake in summer to this lonely desert . 
 without question , it became my favorite time of day , and i considered it a temporary oasis . 
 it was all i could think about during the day-what i lived for . 
 and often , by the time i 'd put my pen and paper in the drawer and cut out the light , i could hear the lake lapping at the shore , its breeze stirring the trees . 
 with respect to time , i knew only that it was late may . 
 since i 'd been drugged during my abduction , i could n't be sure which day i 'd come to consciousness in the desert . 
 several days might have passed between that stormy night at the motel and my waking in the cabin . 
 so i labeled my journal entries `` day 1 , '' `` day 2 , '' `` day 3 , '' et cetera , beginning with my first day of consciousness . 
 i could n't understand what drove orson to keep the date hidden from me . 
 it seemed like an irrelevant , useless fact in my present situation , yet it bothered me not to know . 
 as for the location of the cabin , i did n't have the first clue . 
 it could 've been anywhere west of the plains . 
 i pencil-sketched views from the front porch and my barred bedroom window , including the mountain range to the north and east and the ridge of red bluffs in the west . 
 i also sketched the local plant life : sagebrush , tumbleweed , greasewood , lupine , and several other desert flowers that i happened upon during early-evening walks . 
 some nights after sunset , when just a blush of red lingered in the sky , i 'd see herds of antelope and mule deer moving through the desert . 
 their silhouettes against the horizon pained me , for as they trudged slowly out of sight , i envied their freedom . 
 i recorded these observations in the journal , too , along with sightings of jackrabbits and long-tailed kangaroo mice . 
 though i never saw one , barn owls screeched constantly through the night and turkey vultures frequented the sky in the heat of day . 
 i hoped that through the observations i recorded , i could one day locate this desert again . 
 but in truth , i had no way of knowing if i would ever be allowed to leave . 
 i lay awake in bed . 
 having finished my journal , it was late , and orson had disabled the generator for the night , so the cabin was silent . 
 outside in the dark , only the wind disrupted the oblique stillness . 
 i could feel it pushing through cracks between the logs . 
 always blowing . 
 a memory had been haunting me for the last hour . 
 orson and i are eight years old , playing in the woods near our neighborhood in winston-salem , north carolina , under a bleached august sky . 
 like many young boys , we 're fascinated with wildlife , and orson catches a gray lizard scampering across a rotten log . 
 thrilled with the find , i tell him to hold the lizard down , and with a devious smile , he does . 
 i extract a magnifying glass from my pocket . 
 the sun is bright , and in no time a blinding dot appears on the lizard 's scaly skin . 
 the sunlight burns through , and orson and i look at each other and laugh with delight , enthralled as the smoking lizard squirms to escape . 
 `` it 's my turn ! '' 
 he says finally . 
 `` you hold him . '' 
 we spend the entire afternoon torturing the creature . 
 when we 're finished , i throw it into the grass , but orson insists on taking it with him . 
 `` i own it now , '' he says . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 8 day 6 -lrb- after midnight ? -rrb- 
 took another shower today . 
 the thermometer read 95of when i scrambled naked across the blistering ground to the well . 
 i loathe that icy water . 
 feels just a few degrees above freezing , and it takes my breath as it spills over me . 
 i washed as fast as i could , but by the time i 'd rinsed all the soap from my body , i was shivering . 
 at sunset , i wanted to go for a walk on the desert , but orson locked me in my room . 
 from my bedroom window , i saw a brown buick heading east on a slim dirt road that runs perfectly straight into the horizon . 
 he 's been gone several hours now . 
 it feels safer here without him . 
 the scorcher is probably hitting the bookstores now , and i 'm sure cynthia has about nine ulcers . 
 i do n't blame her . 
 i 'm supposed to start a twelve-city book tour any day now . 
 signings , radio programs , and television appearances will be canceled . 
 this is going to dampen sales ; this is breaking contract with my publisher ... but i ca n't dwell on these things now . 
 it 's out of my control and only makes me crazy . 
 i 'm still reading like a madman . 
 poe , plato , and mccarthy in the last two days . 
 i still do n't understand what orson wants so desperately for me to see . 
 hell , i 'm not sure he even knows . 
 he spends his days reading , too , and i wonder what he 's searching for in the thousands of pages , if he thinks there 's some character , some story or philosophy he 's yet to uncover that might explain or justify what he sees in the mirror . 
 but i imagine he only finds morsels of comfort , like that cruelty bit from the prince or the psychopathic judge holden in blood meridian . 
 i hear a car approaching in the distance . 
 this is the first time he 's left me alone , and that worries me . 
 perhaps he just went for groceries . 
 good night . 
 i walked from the bed to the dresser and placed the pen and paper inside the middle drawer . 
 it would be useless to try to hide my journal from orson . 
 besides , he did display a sense of decorum when it came to my writing . 
 at least i did n't think he 'd read my journal yet . 
 he respected what he called intrinsic urges , which was writing in my case . 
 i crawled back into bed , reached over to the beside table , and smothered the kerosene lantern , which i 'd been using the last few nights instead of the lamp . 
 the slam of a car door echoed through the open window . 
 i did n't want to be awake when he came inside . 
 his voice whispered my name : `` andy . 
 andy . 
 andrew thomas . '' 
 my eyes opened , but i saw nothing . 
 the sotto voce whisper continued . 
 `` hey there , buddy . 
 got a surprise for you . 
 well , for us actually . '' 
 the blinding beam of a flashlight illuminated orson 's face-a smile between blood-besmirched cheeks . 
 he turned on the lamp above the bed . 
 my eyes ached . 
 `` let 's go . 
 you 're burning moonlight . '' 
 he set the flashlight on the dresser and yanked the covers off me . 
 glancing out the window , i saw the moon high in the sky . 
 still exhausted , i did n't feel like i 'd been asleep long . 
 orson tossed me a pair of jeans and a blue t-shirt from my duffel bag , which lay open in a corner . 
 impatient , almost manic , he resembled a child in an amusement park as he paced around the room in his navy one-piece mechanic 's suit and steel-tipped boots . 
 the waning moon spread a blue glow , bright as day , upon everything-the sagebrush , the bluffs , even orson . 
 my breath steamed in the cold night air . 
 we walked toward the shed , and as we approached , i noticed the buick parked outside , its back end facing us , the front pointed into the double doors . 
 the license plate had been removed . 
 something banged into those doors inside the shed , followed by a brief lamentation : `` help me ! '' 
 when i stopped walking , orson spun around . 
 `` tell me what we 're doing , '' i said . 
 `` you 're coming with me into that shed . '' 
 `` who 's in there ? '' 
 `` andy ... '' `` no . 
 who 's in - '' i stared down the two-and-one-eighth-inch stainless steel barrel of my .357 revolver . 
 `` lead the way , '' he said . 
 at gunpoint , i walked along the side of the building . 
 the shed was bigger than i 'd originally thought , the sides forty feet long , the tin roof steeply slanted , presumably to protect it from caving under the crippling winter snows , if we were , in fact , that far north . 
 we reached the back side of the shed , and orson stopped me at the door . 
 he withdrew a key from his pocket , and as he inserted it into the lock , glanced back at me and grinned . 
 `` you like buttermilk , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' i said , though i could n't fathom the possible relevance . 
 `` did you always like it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 you drank it 'cause dad did , but you came to love it . 
 well , i think it tastes like shit , but you have an acquired taste for buttermilk . 
 that 's sort of what 's gon na happen here . 
 you 're gon na hate it at first . 
 you 're gon na hate me more than you do now . 
 but it 'll grow on you . 
 you 'll acquire a taste for this , too , i promise . '' 
 he unlocked the door and put the key back into his pocket . 
 `` not one word unless i tell you . '' 
 smiling , he motioned for me to enter first . '' 
 ` inhuman cruelty , ' '' he whispered as i opened the door and he followed me into the shed . 
 a woman lay blindfolded and handcuffed in the middle of the floor , a brown leather collar around her neck , a five-foot chain running from the collar to a metal pole . 
 the pole rose from the concrete floor to the ceiling , where it was welded to a rafter . 
 when orson slammed the door , the woman clambered to her feet , wobbling awkwardly around the pole , attempting to gauge our location . 
 she must 've been about forty-five , her blond hair losing a perm . 
 slightly overweight , she wore a red-and-gray bowling shirt , navy pants , and one white shoe . 
 her perfume filled the room , and blood ran down the side of her nose from a cut beneath the blindfold . 
 `` where are you ? 
 why are you doing this ? '' 
 this is n't happening . 
 this is pretend . 
 we 're playing a game . 
 that is not a human being . 
 `` go sit , andy , '' orson said , pointing to the front of the shed . 
 i walked past tool-laden metal shelves and took a seat in a green lawn chair near the double doors . 
 a white shoe rested against the doors , and i wondered why the woman had kicked it off . 
 she looked in my direction , tears rambling down her cheeks . 
 orson came and stood beside me . 
 he knelt down , inspecting the shiny tips of his boots . 
 suddenly , something clenched around my ankle . 
 `` sorry , '' he said , `` but i just do n't trust you yet . '' 
 he 'd cuffed my ankle with a leg iron , bolted to the floor beneath the lawn chair . 
 as orson walked toward the woman , he shoved my gun into a deep pocket in his mechanic 's suit . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 orson reached out and wiped the tears from her face , moving with her as she backed away , winding the chain slowly around the pole . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked gently . 
 `` sh-shirley , '' she said . 
 `` shirley what ? '' 
 `` tanner . '' 
 orson crossed the room and picked up two stools that had been set upside down on the floor . 
 he arranged them beside each other , within range of the woman 's chain . 
 `` please , '' he said , taking hold of her arm above the elbow , `` have a seat . '' 
 when they were seated , facing each other , orson stroked her face . 
 her entire body quaked , as though suffering from hypothermia . 
 `` shirley , please calm down . 
 i know you 're scared , but you have to stop crying . '' 
 `` i wan na go home , '' she said , her voice shaky and childlike . 
 `` i want - '' `` you can go home , shirley , '' orson said . 
 `` i just want to talk to you . 
 that 's all . 
 let me preface what we 're going to do by asking you a few questions . 
 do you know what preface means , shirley ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` this is just a hunch , but when i look at you , i do n't see someone who spends much time in the books . 
 am i right ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` what 's the last thing you read ? '' 
 `` um ... heaven 's kiss . '' 
 `` is that a romance ? '' 
 he asked , and she nodded . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , that does n't count . 
 you see , romance novels are shit . 
 you could probably write one . 
 go to college by chance ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` finish high school ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` whew . 
 scared me there for a minute , shirley . '' 
 `` take me back , '' she begged . 
 `` i want my husband . '' 
 `` stop whining , '' he said , and tears trickled down her face again , but orson let them go . 
 `` my brother 's here tonight , '' he said , `` and that 's a lucky coincidence for you . 
 he 's gon na ask you five questions on anything-philosophy , history , literature , geography , whatever . 
 you have to answer at least three correctly . 
 do that and i 'll take you back to the bowling alley . 
 that 's why you 're blindfolded . 
 ca n't see my face if i 'm gon na let you go , now can you ? '' 
 timidly , she shook her head . 
 orson 's voice dropped to a whisper , and leaning in , he spoke into her ear just loudly enough for me to hear also : `` but if you answer less than three questions correctly , i 'm gon na cut your heart out . '' 
 shirley moaned . 
 clumsily dismounting the stool , she tried to run , but the chain jerked her to the floor . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 orson screamed , stepping down from his stool . 
 `` if you are n't sitting on that stool in five seconds , i 'll consider it a forfeiture of the test . '' 
 shirley stood up immediately , and orson helped her back onto the stool . 
 `` calm down , sweetheart , '' he said , his voice recovering its sweetness . 
 `` take a breath , answer the questions , and you 'll be back with your husband and-do you have kids ? '' 
 `` three , '' she said , weeping . 
 `` with your husband and your three beautiful children before morning . '' 
 `` i ca n't do it , '' she whined . 
 `` then you 'll experience an agonizing death . 
 it 's all up to you , shirley . '' 
 the single bare lightbulb that illuminated the room flickered , throwing the shed into bursts of darkness . 
 orson sighed and stood up on his stool . 
 he tightened the bulb , climbed down , and walked to my chair . 
 putting his hand on my shoulder , he said , `` fire away , andy . '' 
 `` but ... '' i swallowed . 
 `` please , orson . 
 do n't do - '' leaning down , he whispered into my ear so the woman could n't hear : `` ask the questions or i 'll do her in front of you . 
 it wo n't be pleasant . 
 you might close your eyes , but you 'll hear her . 
 the whole desert 'll hear her . 
 but if she gets them right , i will let her go . 
 i wo n't rescind that promise . 
 it 's all in her hands . 
 that 's what makes this so much fun . '' 
 i looked at the woman , still quivering on the stool , felt my brother 's hand gripping my shoulder . 
 orson was in control , so i asked the first question . 
 `` name three plays by william shakespeare , '' i said woodenly . 
 `` that 's good , '' orson said . 
 `` that 's a fair question . 
 shirley ? '' 
 `` romeo and juliet , '' she blurted . 
 `` um ... hamlet . '' 
 `` excellent , '' orson mocked . 
 `` one more , please . '' 
 she was silent for a moment and then exclaimed , `` othello ! 
 othello ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 orson clapped his hands . 
 `` one for one . 
 next question . '' 
 `` who 's the president of the united states ? '' 
 orson slapped the back of my head . 
 `` too easy , so now i 'm gon na ask one . 
 shirley , which philosopher 's theory is encapsulated in this quote : ` act only on that maxim through which you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law ' ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 how the hell should i know that ? '' 
 `` if you knew anything about philosophy , you 'd know it was kant . 
 one for two . 
 andy ? '' 
 hesitating , i glanced up at orson . 
 `` ask the question , andy ! '' 
 i deliberated . 
 `` on what hill was jesus christ crucified ? '' 
 i looked up at orson , and he nodded approvingly . 
 `` golgotha , '' she said weakly . 
 `` two for three , '' orson said , but he did n't sound as happy this time . 
 `` fourth question . 
 when - '' `` i 've got one , '' said orson , interrupting . 
 `` you can ask the last one , andy . 
 shirley , on what continent is the country of gabon ? '' 
 she answered quickly , as if she knew . 
 `` europe . '' 
 `` oh , no , i 'm sorry . 
 africa . 
 western coast . '' 
 `` do n't do this anymore , '' she begged . 
 `` i 'll give you money . 
 i have credit cards . 
 i have - '' `` shut up , '' orson said . 
 `` play fair . 
 i am . '' 
 his face reddening , he gritted his teeth . 
 when it passed , he said , `` it all comes down to this . 
 andy , hope you 've got a good one , 'cause if it is n't , i have a perfect question in mind . '' 
 `` the subject is history , '' i said . 
 `` in what year did we sign the declaration of independence ? '' 
 closing my eyes , i prayed orson would let the question fly . 
 `` shirley ? '' 
 he said after ten seconds . 
 `` i 'm gon na have to ask for your answer . '' 
 when i opened my eyes , my stomach turned . 
 tears had begun to glide down her cheeks . 
 `` 1896 ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` oh god , 1896 ? '' 
 `` eeeeehhhhh ! 
 i 'm sorry , that is incorrect . 
 the year was 1776 . '' 
 she collapsed onto the concrete . 
 `` two for five does n't cut it , '' he said , walking across the floor to shirley . 
 he bent down and untied the blindfold . 
 wadding it up , he threw it at me . 
 shirley refused to look up . 
 `` that 's a shame , shirley , '' he said , circling her as she remained balled up on the floor . 
 `` that last one was a gim me . 
 i did n't want my brother to have to see what i 'm gon na do to you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she cried , trying to catch her breath as she lifted her bruised face from the floor . 
 her eyes met orson 's for the first time , and it struck me that they were exceptionally kind . 
 `` do n't hurt me , sir . '' 
 `` you are sorry , '' he said . 
 he walked to a row of three long metal shelves stacked piggyback against the wall beside the back door . 
 from the middle shelf he took a leather sheath and a gray sharpening stone . 
 then he strolled back across the room and pulled his stool against the wall , out of my reach and shirley 's . 
 sitting down , he unsheathed the knife and winked at me . 
 `` shirley , '' he coaxed . 
 `` look here , honey . 
 i want to ask you something . '' 
 again , she lifted her head to orson , taking long , asthmatic breaths . 
 `` do you appreciate fine craftsmanship ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` let me tell you about this knife . '' 
 she disintegrated into hysteria , but orson paid her sobs and pleadings no attention . 
 for the moment , he 'd forgotten me , alone with his victim . 
 `` i acquired this tool from a custom knife maker in montana . 
 his work is incredible . '' 
 orson slid the blade methodically up and down the sharpening stone . 
 `` it 's a five-and-a-half-inch blade , carbon steel , three millimeters thick . 
 had a helluva time trying to explain to this knife maker the uses to which i 'd be putting this thing . 
 'cause , you know , you 've got to tell them exactly what you need it for , so they 'll fashion the appropriate blade . 
 finally , i ended up saying to the guy , ` look , i 'll be cleaning a lot of big game . ' 
 and i think that 's accurate . 
 i mean , i 'm gon na clean you , shirley . 
 would n't you consider yourself big game ? '' 
 shirley hunched over on her knees , her face pressed into the floor , praying to god . 
 i prayed with her , and i do n't even believe . 
 orson went on , `` well , i 've got to say , i 've been thrilled with its performance . 
 as you can see , the blade is slightly serrated , so it can slice through that tough pectoral muscle , but it 's thick enough to hack through the rib cage , too . 
 now that 's a rare combination in a blade . 
 it 's why i paid three hundred and seventy-five dollars for it . 
 see the hilt ? 
 black-market ivory . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` an utterly exquisite tool . 
 `` hey , i want your opinion on something , shirley . 
 look up here . '' 
 she obeyed him . 
 `` see the discoloration on the blade ? 
 that comes from the acids in the meat when i 'm carving , and i was wondering if it 's scarier for you , knowing i 'm getting ready to butcher you , to see those stains on the blade and realize that your meat will soon be staining this blade , too ? 
 or , would it be more frightening if this blade was as bright and shiny as the day i first got it ? 
 'cause if that 's the case , i 'll get a crocus cloth and polish it up right now for you . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do this , '' shirley said , sitting up suddenly . 
 she gazed into orson 's eyes , trying to be brave . 
 `` i 'll give you whatever you want . 
 anything . 
 name it . '' 
 orson chuckled . 
 `` shirley , '' he said , perfectly serious , `` i 'll say it like this . 
 i want your heart . 
 now if you get up and walk out that door after i 've cut it out , i wo n't stop you . '' 
 he stood up . 
 `` i 've got ta piss , andy . 
 keep her company . '' 
 orson walked to the door , unlocked it , and stepped outside . 
 i could hear him spraying the side of the shed . 
 `` ma'am , '' i whispered , breathless . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . 
 i am so sorry . 
 i want - '' `` i do n't want to die , '' she said , begging me with her stormy eyes . 
 `` do n't let him hurt me . '' 
 `` i 'm chained to the floor . 
 i want to help you . 
 just tell me - '' `` please do n't kill me ! '' 
 she screamed , oblivious now to my voice . 
 she rocked back and forth on her knees like an autistic child . 
 `` i do n't want to die ! '' 
 the door opened , and orson cruised back in . 
 `` well , you 're in the wrong place , '' he said , '' 'cause it 's that time . '' 
 he held the knife by his side and moved deliberately toward her . 
 she crawled away from him , using only her knees because her hands were still cuffed behind her back . 
 the chain always stopped her . 
 orson giggled . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 `` watch me , '' he said , bending down toward her , the knife cocked back . 
 `` stop it , orson ! '' 
 i yelled , my heart beating in my throat . 
 with the woman cowering at his feet , a puddle spreading beneath her , orson looked back at me . 
 think , think , think , think . 
 `` you just ... you ca n't kill her . '' 
 `` would you rather do it ? 
 we ca n't let her go . 
 she knows our names . 
 seen our faces . '' 
 `` do n't cut her , '' i said . 
 the lumpiness of tears ached in my throat . 
 `` i do it to all of them , and i do n't make exceptions . '' 
 `` while they 're alive ? '' 
 `` that 's the fun of it . '' 
 `` you 're out of your mind ! '' 
 shirley screamed at orson , but he ignored her . 
 `` not this time , orson , '' i implored , rising to my feet . 
 `` please . '' 
 shirley screamed , `` let me go ! '' 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 orson screamed back , and he kicked her in the side of the head with the steel tip of his boot . 
 she slumped down on the floor . 
 `` open your mouth again , good-bye tongue . '' 
 he looked back at me , eyes blazing . 
 `` it 's perfect with you here , '' he said . 
 `` i want to share this with you . '' 
 `` no , '' i begged . 
 `` do n't touch her . '' 
 orson glanced down at his victim and then back at me . 
 `` i 'll give you a choice , '' he said . 
 walking to the stool , he set down the knife and pulled out my .357 . 
 `` you can shoot her right now . 
 save her the pain . '' 
 he approached and handed me the gun . 
 `` here . 
 seeing you kill her painlessly would be as good to me as killing her the way i like to . '' 
 when he looked at shirley , i glanced at the back of the cylinder . 
 the gun was loaded . 
 `` shirley , get up . 
 i told you it was a lucky coincidence for you that my brother was here . '' 
 she did n't move . 
 `` shirley , '' he said again , walking toward her , `` get up . '' 
 he nudged her with his boot , and when she did n't move , orson rolled her onto her back . 
 her temple smashed in , blood drained out of one ear . 
 orson dug two fingers into the side of her neck and waited . 
 `` she 's dead , '' he said , looking incredulously at me . 
 `` no , wait , it 's there . 
 it 's weak , but it 's there . 
 i just knocked her out . 
 andy , now 's your chance , '' he urged , taking several steps back from the woman . 
 `` squeeze off a few rounds before she comes to . 
 aim at the head . '' 
 i pointed the gun at orson . 
 `` slide me the keys , '' i said , but he did n't move . 
 he just stared at me , sadly shaking his head . 
 `` this is gon na set us way back in the trust department . '' 
 i pulled the trigger , and the gun fired . 
 i squeezed it again and again , the plangent crack of gunshots filling up the shed , the gray smoke of gunpowder ascending into the rafters , until only the clicking of the hammer remained , thumping the empty shells . 
 orson had n't flinched . 
 i looked down at the gun , eyes bulging . 
 `` blanks , andy , '' he said . 
 `` i thought you might just threaten me , but you pulled that trigger without hesitation . 
 wow . '' 
 he took the knife from the stool and walked toward me . 
 i threw the gun at him , but it missed his head and struck the back door . 
 `` she 's dead , andy , '' he said . 
 `` i was n't going to make you watch her suffer . 
 not the first time . 
 and this is how you repay me ? 
 he was close now , gripping the knife . 
 `` part of me wants to shove this into your stomach , '' orson said . 
 `` it 's almost irresistible . '' 
 he pushed me back down into the lawn chair . 
 `` but i 'm not gon na do that , '' he said . 
 `` i wo n't do that . '' 
 he went to the stool , set down the knife , and walked to the .357 , which was lying against the back door . 
 picking it up , he took two bullets from his pocket . 
 `` i 'd say your little stunt constitutes f ** kup number two . '' 
 he loaded the bullets and spun the cylinder . 
 when it stopped , he aimed the gun at my chest . 
 `` these are n't blanks , '' he said . 
 click . 
 i saw the relief on orson 's face . 
 `` do n't make me do this again , '' he said . 
 `` it 'd be a real shame if i had to kill you . '' 
 he returned the gun to his pocket , pulled out the key for the leg iron , and slid it across the floor to me . 
 `` you can use my knife , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll be back for the heart . 
 do n't botch it up . 
 put her on one of those plastic sheets in the corner over there . 
 otherwise , you 'll be scrubbing this floor till christmas . '' 
 i 'd regained my voice , and i said , `` orson , i ca n't - '' `` you have four hours . 
 if the job is n't done when i return , we 'll play our little game again with three bullets . '' 
 he opened the back door , and i saw the sky coming into purple . 
 it did n't seem like dawn should be here yet . 
 it did n't seem like it should ever come . 
 orson closed the door and locked it . 
 i felt the key in my hand , but i wanted to remain in chains . 
 how could i touch shirley ? 
 she stared at me , those kind eyes open but empty as she lay on the cold , hard floor . 
 i was glad she was gone . 
 glad for her . 
 9 that is a human being . 
 she was bowling with her family a few hours ago . 
 i leaned down and kissed her forehead . 
 `` i am so sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` you did not ... '' do n't lose it . 
 this wo n't help you now . 
 there 's nothing you could 've done to save her ; there 's nothing you can do to bring her back . 
 i 'd witnessed unadulterated evil-the mental torture of a woman , and i wept savagely . 
 when my tear ducts were dry , i steeled myself , wiped my eyes , and got to the task at hand . 
 years ago , when i had time to hunt in the north carolina mountains , i 'd gut the deer i shot in the woods near my hillside cabin . 
 this is no different . 
 no different from an animal now . 
 she feels nothing . 
 dead is dead , regardless of where it resides . 
 the work was difficult . 
 but if you 've taken an organ from one large animal , you can take one from another . 
 what made this so difficult was her face . 
 i could n't look at it , so i pulled her bowling shirt over her head . 
 the ascension of the sun quickly warmed the shed , and soon it became so unbearably hot that i could think of nothing but a cold drink from the well . 
 my thirst hastened my work , and when i heard the door unlocking , long before the four hours had expired , i 'd nearly finished my chore . 
 orson walked in , still sporting the mechanic 's suit . 
 through the open door , i saw the morning sun , already blinding . 
 it would be another glorious blue day . 
 a breeze slipped in before orson shut the door , and it felt spectacular . 
 `` smile , andy . '' 
 he snapped a polaroid . 
 it was strange to think that the worst moment of my life had just been captured in a photograph . 
 my brother looked tired-a melancholic darkness in his eyes . 
 i stopped working and put the knife down . 
 because i 'd done most of the work on my knees , they were terribly sore , so i sat on the red plastic . 
 orson circled the body , inspecting my work . 
 `` i thought you might be getting thirsty , '' he said , his voice now frail , depleted . 
 `` i 'll finish this up , unless you want to . '' 
 i shook my head as he peered down into the evisceration . 
 `` that 's not a bad job , '' he said . 
 he picked the knife up and wiped it off on his pants . 
 `` go get cleaned up . '' 
 i stood , but he stopped me from walking off the plastic . 
 `` take your shoes off , '' he said . 
 i was standing in a pool of blood . 
 `` we 're gon na burn these clothes anyway , so just strip here . 
 i 'll take care of it . '' 
 i removed my clothes and left them in a pile on the plastic . 
 even my boxers and socks were stained . 
 when i was naked , my arms were red up to my elbows and a smattering of blood dotted my face , though it was nothing a cold shower would n't rinse away . 
 i walked to the door and opened it . 
 the sunlight caused me to squint while i gazed across the desert . 
 as i stepped onto the baking dirt , orson called my name , and i looked back . 
 `` i do n't want you to hate me , '' he said . 
 `` what do you expect ? 
 after forcing me to watch this and making me ... cut her . '' 
 `` i need you to understand what i do , '' he said . 
 `` can you try ? '' 
 i looked at shirley , motionless on the plastic , the bowling shirt still hiding her face . 
 what utter degradation . 
 i felt tears coming to shatter the numbness that had sustained me these last few hours . 
 without reply , i closed the door , and after several steps , the soles of my feet burned , so i hustled to the well . 
 a showerhead was mounted to the side of the outhouse . 
 i filled the bucket overhead and opened the spigot . 
 when the ice water hit the ground , i dug my feet into the mud . 
 the hair on my arms was matted with dried blood . 
 for ten minutes , i scrubbed my skin raw as the silver showerhead , an oddity in this vast desert , sluiced freezing water upon my head . 
 i cut the water off and walked to the cabin , standing for some time on the front porch , naked , letting the parched wind evaporate the water from my skin . 
 guilt , massive and lethal , loitered on the outskirts of my conscience . 
 still so dirty . 
 i saw a jet cutting a white contrail miles above the desert . 
 do you see me ? 
 i thought , squinting to see the glint of the sun on the distant metallic tube . 
 is someone looking down at me from their tiny window as i look up at them ? 
 can you see me and what i 've done ? 
 as the jet cruised out of sight , i felt like a child-already in bed at 8:30 on a summer evening , not yet dark , other children playing freeze tag in the street , their laughter reaching me while i cry myself to sleep . 
 orson emerged from the shed , bearing the woman wrapped in plastic . 
 he walked fifty yards into the desert and threw her into a hole . 
 it took him several minutes to bury her . 
 then he came toward the cabin , and as he approached , i noticed he carried a small styrofoam cooler . 
 `` is it in there ? '' 
 i asked when he stepped onto the porch . 
 he nodded and walked inside . 
 i followed him in , and he stopped at the door to his room and unlocked it . 
 `` you ca n't come in here , '' he said . 
 he would n't open the door . 
 `` i wan na see what you do with it . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na put it in a freezer . '' 
 `` let me see your room , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm curious . 
 you want me to understand ? '' 
 `` get some clothes on first . '' 
 i ran to my room and put on a clean pair of jeans and a black tank top . 
 when i returned , orson 's door was open , and he stood inside before his freezer chest . 
 `` may i come in now ? '' 
 i asked from the doorway . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 orson 's bedroom was larger than mine . 
 to my immediate right , a single bed sat low to the floor , neatly made with a red fleece blanket pulled taut from end to end . 
 next to the bed , against the wall , orson had constructed another bookshelf , much smaller , but crammed with books nonetheless . 
 against the far wall , beneath an unbarred window , stood the freezer chest . 
 orson was reaching down into it as i walked up behind him . 
 `` what 's in there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hearts , '' he said , closing the freezer . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` not nearly enough . '' 
 `` that a trophy ? '' 
 i pointed to a newspaper clipping tacked to the wall near the freezer . 
 skimming the article , i found that the names , dates , and locations had been blacked out with magic marker . '' 
 ` mutilated body found at construction site , ' '' i read aloud . 
 `` mom would be proud . '' 
 `` when you do a good job , do you like to be acknowledged ? '' 
 orson locked the freezer and walked across the room . 
 prostrating himself on the bed , he stretched his arms into the air and yawned . 
 then he lay back on top of the red fleece blanket and stared into the wall . 
 `` i get like this after they 're gone , '' he said . 
 `` an empty place inside of me . 
 right here . '' 
 he pointed at his heart . 
 `` you could n't imagine it . 
 famous writer . 
 i mean absolutely nothing . 
 i 'm a man in a cabin in the middle of a desert , and that 's it . 
 the extent of my existence . '' 
 he kicked off his boots , and grains of sand spilled onto the stone . 
 `` but i 'm more than what 's in that freezer , '' he said . 
 `` i own what 's in that freezer . 
 they 're my children now . 
 i remember every birth . '' 
 i sat down and leaned back against the splintery logs . 
 `` after a couple days , this depression will subside , and i 'll feel normal again , like anyone else . 
 but that 'll pass , and i 'll get a burning where the void is now . 
 a burning to do it again . 
 and i do . 
 and the cycle repeats . '' 
 he looked at me with dying eyes , and i tried not to pity him , but he was my brother . 
 `` do you hear yourself ? 
 you 're sick . '' 
 `` i used to think so too . 
 a tenet of stoicism advises to live according to your nature . 
 if you try to be something you are n't , you 'll self-destruct . 
 when i accepted my nature , violent as it is , i made peace with myself . 
 stopped hating myself and what i do . 
 after a kill , i used to get much worse than this . 
 i 'd contemplate suicide . 
 but now i anticipate the depression , and that allows me to take the despair and sense of loss in stride . '' 
 his spirits improved as he analyzed himself . 
 `` i actually feel better having you here , andy . 
 it 's quite surprising . '' 
 `` maybe your depression stems from guilt , which should be expected after murdering an innocent woman . '' 
 `` andy , '' he said , his voice brightening , a sign that he 'd changed the subject . 
 `` i wan na tell you something that struck me when i read your first novel , which was good , by the way . 
 they do n't deserve the criticism they get . 
 they 're much deeper than slasher stories . 
 anyway , when i finished the killer and his weapon , i realized that we do the same thing . '' 
 `` no . 
 i write ; you kill . '' 
 `` we both murder people , andy . 
 because you do it with words on a page , that does n't exonerate what 's in your heart . '' 
 `` people happen to like the way i tell crime stories , '' i said . 
 `` if i had the chops to write literary fiction , i 'd do that . '' 
 `` no , there 's something about murder , about rage , that intrigues you . 
 you embrace that obsession through writing . 
 i embrace it through the act itself . 
 which of us is living according to his true nature ? '' 
 `` there 's a world of difference between how our obsessions manifest themselves , '' i said . 
 `` so you admit you 're obsessed with murder ? '' 
 `` for the sake of argument . 
 but my books do n't hurt anyone . '' 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 `` how do my books kill ? '' 
 `` when i read the killer and his weapon , i did n't feel alone anymore . 
 andy , you know how killers think . 
 why they kill . 
 when it came out ten years ago , i was confused and terrified of what was happening in my mind . 
 i was homeless then , spending my days at a library . 
 i had n't acted on anything , but the burning had begun . '' 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` city x. i 'll tell you nothing about my past . 
 but every word in that book validated the urges i was having . 
 especially my anger . 
 i mean , to write that protagonist , you had to have an intimate knowledge of the rage i lived with . 
 and of course you did - '' he smiled - `` my twin . 
 unfortunately , i did n't have the tool of writing to channel that rage , so people had to die . 
 but your book ... it was inspiring . 
 it 's kind of funny when you think about it . 
 we both have the same disease , only yours makes you rich and famous , and mine makes me a serial murderer . '' 
 `` tell me something , '' i said , and he sat up on one arm . 
 `` when did this start ? '' 
 he hesitated , rolling the idea around in his head . 
 `` eight years ago . 
 winter of nineteen-eighty-eight . 
 we were twenty-six , and it was the last year i was homeless . 
 i usually slept outside , because i did n't leave the library until nine , when it closed , and by then the shelters were full . 
 `` if you wanted to survive a cold night on the street , you had to go where the fires were-the industrial district , near these railroad tracks . 
 it was an unloading zone , so there was plenty of scrap wood lying around . 
 the homeless would pile the wood in oil drums and feed the fires until morning , when libraries and doughnut shops reopened . 
 `` on this particular night , the shelters were full , so when the library closed , i headed for the tracks . 
 it was a long walk , two miles , maybe more . 
 whole way there , i just degenerated . 
 became furious . 
 i 'd been getting this way a lot lately . 
 especially at night . 
 i 'd wake myself cursing and screaming . 
 i was preoccupied with pain and torture . 
 i 'd run these little scenarios over and over in my mind . 
 it was impossible to concentrate . 
 did n't know what was happening to me . 
 `` well , i got down to the tracks , and there were fires everywhere , people huddled in tight circles around them . 
 i could n't find a place near a fire , so i sat down on the outskirts of one , people sleeping all around me , under cardboard boxes , filthy blankets . 
 `` i was getting worse inside . 
 got so angry , i could n't sit still , so i got up and walked away from the fire . 
 came to the edge of the crowd , where the people were more spread out . 
 it was late , near midnight . 
 most everyone was sleeping . 
 the only conscious ones were by the fires , and they were too drunk and tired to care about anything . 
 they just wanted to keep warm . 
 `` there were these train cars close by that had n't been used in years . 
 i was standing near one when i saw a man passed out in the gravel . 
 did n't have anything to keep warm . 
 i stared at him . 
 he was a black man . 
 squalid , old , and small . 
 it 's funny . 
 i remember exactly what he looked like , right down to his red toboggan hat and ripped leather jacket . 
 just like you vividly remember the first girl you 're with . 
 he smelled like a bottle of night train . 
 it 's how they made it through the night . 
 `` nobody was paying attention to anything but the fire , and since he was drunk , i grabbed his feet and dragged him behind the train car . 
 he did n't even wake up . 
 just kept snoring . 
 adrenaline filled me . 
 i 'd never felt anything like it . 
 i searched for a sharp piece of scrap wood , but i thought if i stabbed him , he 'd have a noisy death . 
 `` when i saw the rock , i smiled . 
 so fitting . 
 it was about the size of two fists . 
 i turned the man gently over onto his stomach . 
 then i pulled off his hat and dashed the back of his head out . 
 he never made a sound . 
 i had an orgasm . 
 was born again . 
 i left the body under the train car and tossed the rock into a river . 
 who 'd give a shit about a dead homeless man ? 
 i walked the streets all night , bursting with limitless energy . 
 never slept a wink , and that was the beginning . 
 `` the one thing i did n't expect was for the burning to return so soon . 
 two days later , it was back , stronger than it had ever been , demanding another fix . '' 
 orson rolled onto his back and stared up at the ceiling . 
 i felt nauseated . 
 `` i 'm gon na lock you in your room now , andy , so i can get some sleep . '' 
 `` my god . 
 do n't you have any remorse ? '' 
 i asked . 
 orson turned over and looked at me . 
 `` i refuse to apologize for what i am . 
 i learned a long time ago that guilt will never stop me . 
 not that i was n't plagued by it . 
 i mean , i had ... i still do have a conscience . 
 i just realize it 's futile to let it torment me . 
 the essential thing you have to understand about a true killer is that killing is their nature , and you ca n't change something 's nature . 
 it 's what they are . 
 their function . 
 i did n't ask to be me . 
 certain chemicals , certain events compose me . 
 it 's out of my control , andy , so i choose not to fight it . '' 
 `` no . 
 something is screaming inside you that this is wrong . '' 
 he shook his head sadly and muttered shakespeare : '' ' i am in blood/stepped in so far , that should i wade no more , / returning were as tedious as go o'er . ' '' 
 then he looked at me strangely , as if something had just occurred to him . 
 there was honesty in his voice , which unnerved me more than anything he 'd said all morning : `` i know that you 've forgotten . 
 but one day , i 'll tell you something , and this will all make perfect sense . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` today is not that day . 
 you are n't ready for it . 
 not ready to use what i tell you . '' 
 `` orson ... '' he climbed off the bed and motioned for me to rise . 
 `` let 's get some sleep , brother . '' 
 10 day 10 i feel free again . 
 orson gave me the afternoon , so i 'm sitting on top of that bluff i always write about , looking out over a thirsty wasteland . 
 i 'm a good four hundred feet above the desert floor , sitting on a flat rock , and i can see panoramically for seventy miles . 
 a golden eagle has been circling high above . 
 i wonder if it nests in one of the scrawny ridgeline junipers . 
 if i look behind me , five miles east beyond the cabin , i see what appears to be a road . 
 i 've seen three silver specks speeding across the thin gray strip , and i assume they 're cars . 
 but that does me no good . 
 it would n't matter if a highway patrol station were situated beside the cabin . 
 orson owns me . 
 he took pictures of me cutting that woman . 
 left them on my desk this morning . 
 dreamed about shirley again last night . 
 carried her through the desert , through the night , and delivered her into the arms of her family . 
 left her smiling with her husband and three children , in her red-and-gray bowling shirt . 
 i 've seen a significant change in orson 's mood over the last day . 
 he 's no longer morose . 
 like he said , this is his normal time . 
 but the burning will return , and that 's what i fear more than anything . 
 i 'm considering just killing him . 
 he 's beginning to trust me now . 
 what i 'd do is take one of those heavy bookends and brain him like he did that poor homeless man . 
 but where would that leave me ? 
 i have complete faith that orson has enough incriminating evidence to send me straight to death row , even if i killed him . 
 besides , something occurred to me last night that horrifies me : in one of his letters , orson threatened that someone would deliver a package of evidence to the charlotte police department , unless he stopped them in person-who 's helping orson ? 
 i tossed the clipboard onto the ground , hopped off the rock , and looked intently down the slope . 
 at the foot of the bluff , on the hillside hidden from the cabin , a man on horseback stared up at me . 
 though nothing more than a brown speck on the desert floor , i could see him waving to me . 
 afraid he would shout , i waved back , put the clipboard into a small backpack , and scrambled down the bluff as quickly as i could . 
 it took me several minutes to negotiate the declivitous hillside , avoiding places where the slope descended too steeply . 
 my ears popped on the way down , and i arrived spent at the foot of the bluff , out of breath , my legs burning . 
 i leaned against a dusty boulder , panting heavily . 
 the horse stood ten feet away . 
 it looked at me , whinnied , then dropped an enormous pile of shit . 
 dust stung my eyes , and i rubbed them until tears rinsed away the particles of windblown dirt . 
 i looked up at the man on the horse . 
 he wore a cowboy hat the color of dark chocolate , an earth-tone plaid button-up jacket , and tan riding pants . 
 his face , worn and wrinkled , held a vital quality , which suggested he was n't as old as he seemed , that years of hard labor and riding in the wind and sun had aged him prematurely . 
 i thought he was going to speak , but instead , he took a long drag from a joint . 
 holding the smoke in his lungs , he offered the marijuana cigarette to me , but i shook my head . 
 a moment passed , and he expelled a cloud of sweet-smelling smoke , which the wind ripped away and diffused into the sweltering air . 
 his brown eyes disappeared when he squinted at me . 
 `` i thought you was dave parker , '' he said , his accent thick and remote . 
 `` i 'll be damned if you do n't look kinda like him . '' 
 `` you mean the man who owns the cabin on the other side of that hill ? '' 
 `` that 's him . '' 
 he took another draw . 
 `` i 'm his brother , '' i said . 
 `` how do you know him ? '' 
 `` how do i know him ? '' 
 he asked in disbelief , still holding the smoke in his lungs and speaking directly from his raspy throat . 
 `` that used to be my cabin . '' 
 he let the smoke out with his words . 
 `` you did n't know that ? '' 
 `` dave did n't tell me who he bought it from , and i 've only been out here a few days . 
 we have n't seen each other in awhile . '' 
 `` well hell , all this , far as you can see , is mine . 
 i own a ranch ten miles that a way . '' 
 he pointed north toward the mountains . 
 `` got four hundred head of cattle that graze this land . '' 
 `` this desert ? '' 
 `` it 's been dry lately , but it greens up with indian rice grass after a good rain . 
 besides , we run 'em up into the winds , too . 
 yeah , i 'd never have sold that cabin , except your brother offered me a small fortune for it . 
 sits dead in the middle of my land . 
 so i sold him the cabin and ten acres . 
 hell , i do n't know why anybody 'd wan na own a cabin out here . 
 ai n't much to look at , and there 's no use coming here in the winter . 
 but hell , his money . '' 
 `` when did he buy it from you ? '' 
 `` oh shit . 
 the years all run together now . 
 i guess dr. parker bought it back in ' 91 . '' 
 `` dr. parker ? '' 
 `` he is a doctor of something , ai n't he ? 
 oh hell , history maybe ? 
 ai n't he a doctor of history ? 
 i have n't spoken to the man in two years , so i may be wrong about - '' `` he made you call him dr. ? '' 
 i interrupted , forcing myself to laugh and diverting the man 's attention from my barrage of questions . 
 `` that bastard thinks he 's something else . '' 
 `` do n't he though , '' the cowboy said , laughing , too . 
 i smiled , relieved i 'd put him at ease , though i 'm sure it was n't all my doing . 
 `` he still teaching at that college up north ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` my memory ai n't worth two shits anymore . 
 vermont maybe . 
 said he taught fall and spring and liked to spend summers out here . 
 least he did two years ago . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , he is . 
 sure is . '' 
 i tried to temper the shock in my voice . 
 not in a thousand years had i expected to come into contact with another person in this desert . 
 it was exhilarating , and i prayed orson would n't see this cowboy riding so close to his cabin . 
 `` well , i best be heading on , '' he said . 
 `` got a lot more ground to cover before this day 's through . 
 you tell dr. parker i said hello . 
 and what was your name ? '' 
 `` mike . 
 mike parker . '' 
 `` percy madding . '' 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , percy , '' i said , stepping forward and shaking his gloved hand . 
 `` good to know you , mike . 
 and maybe i 'll drop in on you boys sometime with a bottle of tequila and a few of these . '' 
 he wiggled the joint in his hand ; it had burned out for the moment . 
 `` actually , we 're leaving in several days . 
 heading back east . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that 's a shame . 
 well , you boys have a safe trip . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , `` and oh , one more thing . 
 what 's that mountain range in the north and east ? '' 
 `` the wind rivers , '' he said . 
 `` loveliest mountains in the state . 
 they do n't get all the goddamned tourists like the tetons and yellowstone . '' 
 percy pulled a silver lighter from his pocket , relit the joint , and spurred his horse softly in the side . 
 `` hit the road , zachary , '' he said , then clicked his tongue , and trotted away . 
 11 mid-afternoon , i walked in the front door of the cabin , dripping with sweat . 
 orson lay on the living room floor , his bare back against the cold stone , a book in his hands . 
 i stepped carefully over him and collapsed onto the sofa . 
 `` what are you reading ? '' 
 i asked , staring at the perfect definition of his abdominal and pectoral muscles . 
 they shuddered when he breathed . 
 `` a poem , which you just ruined . '' 
 he threw the book across the floor , and his eyes met mine . 
 `` i have to read a poem from beginning to end , without interruption . 
 that 's how poetry blossoms . 
 you consume it as a whole , not in fractured pieces . '' 
 `` which poem ? '' '' 
 ` the hollow men , ' '' he said impatiently , gazing up into the open ceiling , where supportive beams upheld the roof . 
 he sprang up suddenly from the floor , using the sheer power of his legs . 
 sitting down beside me on the sofa , he tapped his fingers on his knees , watching me with skittish eyes . 
 i wondered if he 'd seen the cowboy . 
 `` go get cleaned up , '' he said abruptly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 he did n't have to ask me a second time . 
 looking in the side mirror , i watched the shrinking cabin . 
 the sun , just moments below the horizon , still bled mauve light upon the western edge of sky . 
 the desert floor held a martian red hue in the wake of the passing sun , and i watched the land turn black and lifeless again . 
 heading east , i looked straight ahead . 
 night engulfed the wind river range . 
 we sped along a primitive dirt road , a ribbon of dust trailing behind us like the contrail of a jet . 
 orson had n't spoken since we 'd left the cabin . 
 i rolled my window down , and the evening air cooled my sun-scorched face . 
 orson jammed his foot into the brake pedal , and the car slid to a stop . 
 there was an empty highway several hundred feet ahead , the same i 'd seen from the bluffs . 
 he reached down to the floorboard at his feet , grabbed a pair of handcuffs , and dropped them in my lap . 
 `` put one cuff on your right wrist and attach the other cuff to the door . '' 
 i put the handcuffs on as instructed . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he leaned over and tested the security of the handcuffs , and turned off the engine . 
 it became instantly silent , for the wind had died at dusk . 
 i watched orson as he stared ahead . 
 he wore another blue mechanic 's suit and those snakeskin boots . 
 i wore a brown one , identical to his . 
 one of the four closets in the hallway that connected the bedrooms and the living room was filled with them . 
 orson 's beard had begun to fill in , painting a shadow across his face in the same pattern it spread across mine . 
 such subtleties create the strongest bond between twins , and as i watched orson , i felt a glimmer of intimacy in a vessel that had long since died to that sort of love . 
 but this was not the man i had known . 
 you are a monster . 
 losing my brother had been like losing an appendage , but as i looked at him now , i felt like an amputee having a nightmare that the limb had grown back-demonic , independent of my will . 
 `` you see mom much ? '' 
 orson asked , his eyes fixed on the highway . 
 `` i drive up to winston twice a month . 
 we go to lunch and visit dad 's grave . '' 
 `` what does she wear ? '' 
 he asked , still watching the road , his eyes never diverting to mine . 
 `` i do n't under - '' `` her clothes . 
 what clothes does she wear ? '' 
 `` dresses , mostly . 
 like she used to . '' 
 `` she ever wear that blue one with the sunflowers on it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` when i dream about her , that 's what she wears . 
 i went to see her once , '' he said . 
 `` drove up and down race street , watching the house , seeing if i could catch a glimpse of her in the front yard or through the windows . 
 never saw her , though . '' 
 `` why did n't you go through with it ? '' 
 `` what would i say to her ? '' 
 he paused , swallowing . 
 `` she ever ask about me ? '' 
 i considered lying but could find no reason to spare his feelings . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you ever talk to her about me ? '' 
 `` if i do , it 's just about when we were kids . 
 but i do n't think she even likes those stories anymore . '' 
 down the highway , northbound headlights appeared , so far off , i could n't distinguish the separate bulbs . 
 `` that car wo n't pass this spot for ten minutes , '' he said . 
 `` it 's still miles away . 
 these roads are so long and straight , the distance is deceiving . '' 
 my right hand throbbed in the grip of the metal cuff . 
 blood was n't reaching my fingers , but i did n't complain . 
 i massaged them until the tingling went away . 
 `` what do you really want with me ? '' 
 i asked , but orson just eyed those approaching headlights like i had n't said a word . 
 `` orson , '' i said . 
 `` what do you - '' `` i told you the first day . 
 i 'm giving you an education . '' 
 `` you think reading boring f ** king books all day constitutes an education ? '' 
 he looked me dead in the eyes . 
 `` the books have nothing to do with it . 
 surely you realized that by now . '' 
 he cranked the engine and we rolled toward the highway . 
 dark now , the sky completely drained of light , we crossed the pavement and pulled onto the shoulder . 
 i watched the headlights through the windshield , and for the first time , they seemed closer . 
 confused , i looked at orson . 
 `` sit tight , '' he said . 
 turning off the car , he opened his door and stepped out . 
 he withdrew a white handkerchief from his pocket and tied it to the antenna . 
 then he shut the door and stuck his head through the open window . 
 `` andy , '' he warned , `` not a word . '' 
 he sat with his arms crossed on the edge of the hood . 
 rolling my window up , i tried to assuage my apprehension , but i just stared ahead , praying the car would pass . 
 after awhile , i heard its engine . 
 then the headlights closed in , seconds away . 
 a minivan rushed by . 
 i watched its brake lights flush in the rearview mirror . 
 the van turned around , glided slowly back toward us , and stopped on the opposite shoulder . 
 the driver 's door opened and the interior lights came on . 
 children in the backseat . 
 a man our age climbed out , said something to his wife , and walked confidently toward orson . 
 his kids watched through the tinted glass . 
 the man wore khaki shorts , loafers , and a red short-sleeved polo shirt . 
 he looked like a lawyer taking his family on a cross-country vacation . 
 `` car trouble ? '' 
 he asked , crossing the dotted yellow line and stopping at the shoulder 's edge . 
 my brother smiled . 
 `` yeah , she 's thirsty for oil . '' 
 through the windshield , i noticed another set of northbound headlights . 
 `` can i give you a lift or let you use my cell phone ? '' 
 the man offered . 
 `` actually , we 've got someone on the way , '' orson said . 
 `` would n't want to trouble you . '' 
 thank you , god . 
 `` well , just wanted to make the offer . 
 bad spot to break down . '' 
 `` sure is . '' 
 orson extended his hand . 
 `` but thank you anyway . '' 
 the man smiled and took my brother 's hand . 
 `` i guess we 'll be heading on , then . 
 hoping to make yellowstone before midnight . 
 the kids are just wild about that damn geyser . '' 
 `` have a safe trip , '' orson said . 
 the man crossed the road and climbed back into his van . 
 my brother waved to the kids in the backseat , and they giggled and waved back , delighted . 
 as the van drove away , i watched its taillights begin to fade in the rearview mirror . 
 the next car was close now . 
 it slowed down before it passed us , then pulled over onto the shoulder on our side of the road , stopping just ten feet from the front bumper of orson 's buick . 
 from a black ford pickup truck , one of the enormous new models with a rack of blinding kc lights mounted above the cab , a large man with a substantial beer gut hopped down from behind the wheel . 
 he left the truck running , and the headlights fried my eyes . 
 a country ballad blared from the speakers , and as the driver walked unsteadily toward orson , i could tell he was drunk . 
 two other men climbed down out of the passenger side and approached my brother , too . 
 `` hello , gentlemen , '' orson said as they surrounded him . 
 each man nursed a pinch of dip crammed between his teeth and bottom lip . 
 the two passengers wore cowboy hats , and the driver held a ragged redskins cap , his long hair , tangled and greasy , hanging in his face . 
 `` something wrong with your car ? '' 
 the driver asked . 
 he spat into the road , wiped his mouth with the back of his hand , and wiped his hand across his black tank top , which had a blue-and-silver ford emblem across the front . 
 he had n't shaved recently . 
 `` do n't know , '' orson said . 
 `` i was hoping someone would stop who had a little mechanical expertise . '' 
 the two passengers dissolved into a drunken giggle , and the driver glanced over at them and smiled . 
 their teeth were gray and orange from excessive dipping , but regardless of the men 's deficient hygiene , not a one looked older than thirty . 
 `` where you from , boy ? '' 
 one of the passengers asked . 
 orson assessed the tall , skinny man on the far left and smiled . 
 `` missouri . '' 
 `` you a long way from home , ai n't ye ? '' 
 he said , then took a sip from his beer can . 
 `` yes , i am , '' orson said , `` and i 'd appreciate your help . '' 
 `` it might cost you something , '' the driver said . 
 `` it might cost you a whole lot . '' 
 he looked at his buddies again , and they all laughed . 
 `` i do n't want any trouble , now . '' 
 `` how much money you got ? '' 
 asked the heavyset man standing in the middle . 
 with dark , bushy sideburns and a hairy belly poking out between his black jeans and white grease-stained t-shirt , he looked so hideously disheveled , i imagined i could smell him through the windshield . 
 `` i do n't know , '' orson said . 
 `` i 'll have to go get my wallet and see . '' 
 orson stepped cautiously by the driver and headed for the trunk , smiling and winking at me as he passed my window . 
 i heard the trunk open , followed by the sound of rustling plastic . 
 the driver caught me looking at him through the windshield . 
 `` what in the goddamn hell you looking at , boy ? '' 
 he said . 
 orson walked by my door again and stopped on the right side of the hood . 
 the three men stared at him suspiciously , though too drunk to notice that he now wore black gloves . 
 `` your friend 's gon na get his ass whupped if he keeps staring at me . '' 
 `` he 's harmless , '' orson said . 
 `` look , i could give you twenty dollars . 
 would that be sufficient ? '' 
 the driver glared at him , dumbfounded . 
 `` let me see your wallet , '' he said finally . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` motherfucker , i said give me your wallet . '' 
 orson hesitated . 
 `` you stupid , boy ? 
 wan na get your ass kicked ? '' 
 `` look , guys , i said i do n't want any trouble . '' 
 orson let the fear ooze from his voice . 
 `` then cough up your wallet , you dumb shit , '' said the obese middle passenger . 
 `` we need more beer . '' 
 `` will you fix my car ? '' 
 the men broke into laughter . 
 `` i have more than twenty dollars , '' orson pleaded . 
 `` at least look under the hood and see if you can tell what 's wrong . '' 
 orson moved to the front of the buick . 
 reaching through the grille , he pulled a lever and lifted the massive hood . 
 then he returned to where he 'd been standing , on the right side of the car , near me . 
 i could see nothing now but my brother , still talking to the men . 
 `` just take a look , '' orson prodded . 
 `` now if you guys do n't know anything about cars ... '' `` i know cars , '' a voice said . 
 `` stupid city f ** k. do n't know shit about shit , do you ? '' 
 the buick squeaked and sank as if someone had knelt against the bumper . 
 `` check the radiator , '' orson said . 
 `` something 's causing the engine to overheat . '' 
 the car shifted again . 
 `` no , on the inside , '' orson said . 
 `` i think something melted . 
 you have to get closer to see . 
 move , guys . 
 you 're in his light . '' 
 a muffled voice said , `` i do n't know what in the f ** k - '' orson slammed the hood . 
 the two passengers shrieked and jumped back in horror . 
 blood speckled the windshield . 
 orson lifted the hood once more and slammed it home . 
 the driver sprawled momentarily against the hood , squirting the windshield as he sank down into the dirt . 
 `` get the shotgun ! '' 
 the fat one yelled , but no one moved . 
 `` do n't worry about it , boys , '' orson said in that same timorous voice . 
 `` i have a gun . '' 
 he pointed my .357 at the two men . 
 `` i hope you are n't too f ** ked up to know what this is . 
 you , '' he told the slender man , `` pick up your buddy 's head . '' 
 the man dropped his beer can . 
 `` go on , he wo n't bite you . '' 
 the man lifted it off the ground by its long , grimy hair . 
 `` right this way , boys , '' orson said . 
 `` walk around the side of the car . 
 that 's it . '' 
 the men walked by the driver 's door , and orson walked by mine . 
 i turned to look through the back window , but the trunk was open . 
 he 'd never shut it . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the wallet ... '' `` in you go , '' orson said . 
 the car did n't move . 
 `` do i have to shoot you both in the kneecaps and drag you in there myself ? 
 i 'd rather you not bleed all over my car if it can be helped . '' 
 when the hammer cocked , the car suddenly shook as the men climbed clumsily into the trunk . 
 `` stupid , stupid boys , '' orson said . 
 `` it 'd have been better for you if you 'd all three looked under that hood . '' 
 he closed the trunk . 
 as orson walked back toward the truck , i heard the boys begin to sob . 
 then they screamed , pounding and kicking the inside of the trunk . 
 as orson climbed into the truck and turned off the headlights and kc lights , i noticed the laboriously slow ballad still pouring from the black ford , the steel guitar solo twanging into the desert . 
 as my eyes readjusted to the darkness , the music stopped . 
 the driver 's door of the buick opened , and orson reached into the backseat and picked up a two-by-four and a length of rope . 
 he shut the door and said , `` if they keep carrying on , tell them you 're gon na kill them . '' 
 `` look . '' 
 i pointed down the road at a pair of headlights just coming into view . 
 orson untied the handkerchief from the antenna and ran back to the truck . 
 he climbed into the cab again , put the truck in gear , and let it roll forward several feet until it pointed east into the desert . 
 for several minutes , orson worked on something inside the cab . 
 the men continued to moan , their intoxication intensifying their fear , making their pleadings more desperate . 
 i did n't say a word to them , and still the headlights approached . 
 the ford sped off into the desert . 
 i watched it through the windshield and then through the windows on the driver 's side . 
 in ten seconds , it had disappeared into the night . 
 orson came running up to the car , breathless . 
 he gave me a thumbs-up and dragged the driver to the back of the car . 
 then he was at my window . 
 `` i need your help , '' he said , opening the door . 
 he unlocked the handcuffs and handed me the car keys . 
 as we walked to the back of the buick , i could hear the approaching car in the distance and see the taillights of the minivan , which had yet to fully disappear-a glowing red eye dwindling into darkness . 
 i clung to that happy family . 
 we let them go . 
 we let them go . 
 i looked down , but there was still no license plate on the buick . 
 orson pointed at the driver on the ground and said , `` when i tell you , unlock the trunk and throw him in there . 
 can you do it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` gentlemen ! '' 
 orson yelled : `` the trunk is being opened , and i 'll be pointing a three-fifty-seven at you . 
 breathe and i start squeezing . '' 
 orson looked at me and nodded . 
 i opened the trunk without looking inside at the men or the body i had to lift . 
 heaving the driver from the ground , i shoved his limp , heavy frame on top of the two men . 
 then i slammed the trunk , and we got back into the car . 
 orson started the buick after the oncoming car passed us . 
 the interior lights came on , and i gasped when i looked down at my brown suit , doused in blood , which had pooled and run down the coarse cloth into my boots . 
 i screamed at orson to stop the car . 
 stumbling outside , i fell to my knees and rolled around , scrubbing my hands with dirt until the blood turned granular . 
 from inside the car , orson 's voice reached me . 
 he was slapping the steering wheel , his great bellows of laughter erupting into the night air . 
 12 heading back to the cabin , the men continued to pound against the inside of the trunk . 
 orson relished their noisy fear . 
 whenever they screamed , he mocked and mimicked their voices , often surpassing their pleas . 
 watching the dirt road illuminated by the headlights , i asked orson what he 'd done to the truck . 
 he grinned . 
 `` i secured the steering wheel with that rope so the truck would stay straight , and i shoved that two-by-four between the front seat and the gas pedal . '' 
 orson glanced at his luminescent watch . 
 `` for the next half hour , it 'll roll through twenty-five miles of empty desert . 
 then it 'll run into the mountains , and that 's where it 'll stop , unless it hits a mule deer along the way . 
 but it 'd have to be a big buck to stop that monster truck . 
 `` eventually , someone will find it . 
 maybe in a few days , maybe in several weeks . 
 but by then it wo n't matter , 'cause these boys 'll be pushing up sagebrush . 
 local law enforcement will probably find out where they were coming from and where they were headed . 
 they 'll realize something happened on that road back there , but so what ? 
 it 's gon na rain tomorrow for the first time in weeks and rinse all the blood from the ground . 
 only two cars saw us , and they both had out-of-state tags , so they were just passing through . 
 this 'll be an unsolved disappearance , and judging from the rude dispositions of these young men , i have a hard time believing anyone will give much of a shit . '' 
 upon reaching the cabin , orson pulled up to the shed . 
 when we got out , he called to me from the front of the buick , popped the hood , and motioned for me to look inside . 
 floodlights mounted to the shed illuminated the metallic cavity as i peered in . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , staring at the corroded engine . 
 `` you 'd have fallen for it , too . 
 look . '' 
 a few inches in , a piece of metal three feet long had been welded to the underside of the hood . 
 `` it 's an old lawn mower blade , '' orson said . 
 `` razor-sharp . 
 especially in the middle . 
 if his head had been a little farther to the right , it would 've come clean off the first slam . '' 
 gingerly , i touched the blade with my index finger . 
 it was scratchy sharp , and there was blood on it , sprayed all over the engine , too . 
 `` have you done this hood trick before ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` on occasion . '' 
 one of the men yelled from inside the trunk , `` let me out , motherfucker ! '' 
 orson laughed . 
 `` since he asked politely . 
 come open it up . '' 
 he tossed me the keys . 
 `` you hear that , boys ? '' 
 he yelled , moving toward the trunk . 
 `` i 'm opening it up . 
 no movement . '' 
 i raised the trunk while orson stood with the gun pointed at the men . 
 as i backed away , he whispered , `` go get the handcuffs . '' 
 i glanced into the plastic-lined trunk , a gruesome spectacle . 
 the driver had been shoved to the back of the roomy compartment , but not before his blood had soaked his friends . 
 they looked at me as i walked by , their eyes pleading for mercy that was n't mine to give . 
 i grabbed the handcuffs from the floorboard on the passenger 's side and returned to orson . 
 `` throw them the handcuffs , '' he said . 
 `` boys , lock yourselves together . '' 
 `` go f ** k yourself , '' said the heavy man . 
 orson cocked the hammer and shot a hole in his leg . 
 as the man howled and screamed obscenities , orson turned the gun on the other man . 
 `` your name , please , '' he said . 
 `` jeff . '' 
 the man trembled , his hands in front of his face , as if they could stop bullets . 
 his friend grunted and squealed through his teeth as he grasped his thigh . 
 `` jeff , '' orson said . 
 `` i suggest you take the initiative and handcuff yourself to your pal . '' 
 `` yes sir , '' jeff said , and as he cuffed his own hand , orson spoke to the wounded man , who was now grinding his teeth together , trying not to scream . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 orson said . 
 through clenched teeth , the man responded , `` wilbur . '' 
 `` wilbur , i know you 're in agonizing pain , and i wish i could tell you it 's all gon na be over soon . 
 but it 's not . '' 
 orson patted him tenderly on the shoulder . 
 `` i just wanted to assure you that this night has only begun , and the more you buck me , the worse it 's gon na be for you . '' 
 when jeff and wilbur were cuffed together , orson ordered them to get out . 
 wilbur had difficulty moving his leg , so orson directed me to drag him out of the trunk . 
 as he screamed , i pulled him onto the ground , and jeff fell on him , crushing the injured thigh . 
 leaving their cowboy hats in the trunk , the two men came slowly to their feet , and orson led them toward the back of the shed . 
 as he unlocked the door , he told me to go wrap the driver up in the plastic lining and remove him from the trunk . 
 `` i ca n't lift him by myself , '' i said . 
 `` the blood 'll spill everywhere . '' 
 `` just go shut it , then . 
 but we got ta get him out before he starts stinking . '' 
 i returned to the car and closed the trunk . 
 walking back toward the shed , i felt the keys jingle in my pocket . 
 staring at the brown car , dull beneath the floodlights , i thought , i could go . 
 right now . 
 get in the car , turn the ignition , and drive back to the highway . 
 there 's probably a town , maybe thirty or forty miles away . 
 you find a police station , you bring someone here . 
 maybe you save them . 
 sliding my hand into my pocket , i poked a finger through the key ring . 
 orson 's voice passed through the pine structure , taunting the groaning man inside . 
 go . 
 i started for the driver 's seat . 
 shit . 
 the hood was still raised , and i quietly lowered it so that it closed with a soft metallic click , which orson could not have heard from inside the shed . 
 with the key held firmly between my thumb and forefinger , i opened the car door , my hands shaking now , and sat down in the driver 's seat . 
 key into the ignition . 
 check the parking brake . 
 do n't shut the door until you 're moving . 
 turn the key . 
 turn the key . 
 something tapped on the window , and , flinching , i looked over at orson , who was standing by the passenger door , pointing the revolver at my head through the glass . 
 `` what in the world are you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' i said . 
 `` i was coming . '' 
 i pulled the keys from the ignition and stepped out of the car . 
 `` here . '' 
 i tossed him the keys and walked toward the shed . 
 do n't shoot me . 
 please . 
 pretend this did n't happen . 
 at the back door he stopped me . 
 `` i 'm considering killing you , '' he said . 
 `` but you 've got an opportunity in here to dissuade me . 
 after you . '' 
 he followed me into the shed and locked the door behind us , having already collared the men individually and chained them to the pole . 
 you 've seen this before . 
 it wo n't be as bad as shirley . 
 ca n't be . 
 we let the family go . 
 we let the family go . 
 those kids will see old faithful tomorrow . 
 hold on to that . 
 orson retrieved his handcrafted knife and inserted a tape into a video camera that sat on a black tripod in the corner . 
 i did n't recall seeing a video camera on shirley 's night . 
 when he noticed me looking at the camera , he said , `` hey , i got ta have something to tide me over . '' 
 orson walked to the center of the room with his knife as wilbur moaned on the floor . 
 `` jeff , '' orson said , `` you 're smarter than your recalcitrant friend here . 
 i 've known you only forty minutes , and it 's an obvious fact . '' 
 orson looked at me and said , `` drag the plastic over here , andy . '' 
 i walked to the corner , where at least two dozen neatly folded sheets were stacked . 
 on a nearby shelf , i noticed a cardboard box filled with votive candles , and i wondered to what use orson put them . 
 `` look , '' jeff said , `` please just listen - '' `` zip it , jeff . 
 it 's futile . 
 normally , i 'd have given you two a test , but your roadside manner automatically flunks you both . 
 so with that matter settled , get up , gentlemen . '' 
 jeff stood , but wilbur struggled . 
 he 'd already bled a little pool onto the floor . 
 i spread the sheet near the pole , and the men sat back down , jeff looking with confusion at the plastic beneath him . 
 `` jeff , '' orson continued , `` how long you known wilbur ? '' 
 `` all my life . '' 
 `` then this might be a difficult decision for you . '' 
 i was leaning against the double doors , and orson looked back at me . 
 `` have a seat , andy . 
 you 're making me nervous . '' 
 as i sat down in the lawn chair , orson turned back to jeff and held up the knife and the revolver . 
 `` jeff , the bad news is you 're both going to die tonight . 
 the slightly better news is that you get to decide who gets the easy way and who gets the fun way . 
 option a. my brother executes you with this three fifty-seven . 
 if you choose the gun , you have to go first . 
 option b. i take this gorgeous knife and cut your heart out while you watch . '' 
 orson smiled . 
 `` take a moment to think it over . '' 
 my brother walked to me as the men stared at each other on the plastic-jeff crying , wilbur on the verge of losing consciousness . 
 orson leaned down and whispered into my ear : `` whoever you shoot , you 're doing them an act of kindness . 
 they 'll feel nothing . 
 i 'm not even gon na make you watch what i do with this knife tonight . 
 you can go back to the house and go to bed . '' 
 orson returned to the center of the room and looked down at the men . 
 `` jeff , i 'm gon na have to ask - '' jeff sobbed . 
 `` why are you - '' `` if the next words from your mouth are n't ` shoot me ' or ` shoot him , ' i 'll take both your hearts out . 
 decide . '' 
 `` shoot me , '' jeff cried , his lips pulling back , exposing rotten teeth . 
 wilbur , still holding his leg , glared at orson . 
 my brother walked to the back door and said , `` andy , i thought about it , and i 'm only leaving you one bullet in the gun . 
 would n't want you to do them both a favor . '' 
 orson emptied the cylinder and reloaded one round . 
 `` behind the ear , andy . 
 anywhere else and you might not kill him . 
 he 'd just lay around suffering . '' 
 orson set the gun on the floor . 
 `` i 'd love to stay and watch , but after that incident with miss tanner , well ... i 'll come back when i hear the gunshot . 
 do n't do anything heroic like not shoot him or destroy the gun . 
 i have others , and we 'd have to play our little game again . 
 i think the stakes are up to sixty percent now against you , and i 'm sure you do n't want those odds . 
 and if that does n't encourage you , let me say this . 
 anything goes wrong , i 'll punish our mother . 
 so ... i 'll leave you to your work . 
 jeff '' - orson flippantly saluted him - `` it 's my brother 's first time , so take it like a man . 
 do n't beg and plead with him not to shoot you , because you might convince him , and then you 'd have to die my way . 
 and i promise you , '' he said , smiling at wilbur , `` my way 's a shitty way to die . '' 
 orson stepped out , shut the door , and turned the dead bolt . 
 i was alone with my victim . 
 rising , i crossed the floor to the gun , picked it up , and carried it back to the chair . 
 the way jeff watched me felt unnatural . 
 no one had ever feared me like this . 
 i sat down to think , my hands sweating onto the metal . 
 jeff stared at me , and i stared back . 
 our eyes met , eyes that in another time or place might have been cordial or apathetic , now gravely opposed . 
 this is preventing his torture . 
 when i stood , my legs jellied , like those nightmares when you have to run , but your legs refuse to work . 
 i walked toward jeff . 
 it 's for his own good . 
 be professional , calm , and swift . 
 even through his pain , wilbur cursed me under his malodorous breath . 
 are you actually going to do this ? 
 `` a joke ? '' 
 jeff laughed strangely . 
 `` this is a funny joke . 
 is n't this a funny joke , wilbur ? 
 let 's go now . 
 we have to be at charlie 's before twelve . '' 
 lifting the gun in my right hand , i pointed it at jeff and tried to aim , but my hands shook . 
 i stepped forward so that , despite my trembling , jeff 's head remained in the sight . 
 `` do n't shoot my face , '' he begged as tears welled up again in his eyes . 
 jeff knelt down and leaned forward like a muslim facing mecca , his dirty blond hair in his eyes , his right arm stretched out , still connected to wilbur . 
 he touched the skin behind his ear . 
 `` right here , '' he said , his voice quaking . 
 `` get close if you have to . '' 
 you are n't going to do this . 
 i took a step closer . 
 his face now inches from my boots , he made fists and grunted , preparing to die . 
 with both hands , i steadied the gun , and my finger found the trigger . 
 i squeezed , but the hammer only clicked . 
 jeff gasped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , and as his back heaved up and down from hyperventilation , i stepped back . 
 the cylinder of a smith and wesson rotates counterclockwise . 
 orson had loaded the eleven o'clock chamber instead of the two . 
 you did that on purpose , you bastard . 
 i dropped the round into the hot chamber , put the barrel behind jeff 's ear , and thumbed back the hammer . 
 he went limp and rolled onto his left side . 
 i had n't heard the gunshot or felt my finger move , but a stream of dark blood flowed fast onto the plastic . 
 in five seconds , it had surrounded jeff above the shoulders , a crimson halo that reflected the lightbulb redly . 
 i could see into his right eye , open but blank , without soul or will . 
 as the pool expanded across the plastic , wilbur jerked back , dragging jeff 's body with him , and shrieking his name . 
 do not analyze this moment . 
 you could n't bear it . 
 the back door opened , and orson entered , an expression of awe upon his face as he stared at the plastic . 
 he pulled the polaroid camera from his pocket , and captured me looking down at jeff . 
 `` this moment ... '' he began , but did not finish the thought . 
 his eyes glistened , joyful . 
 `` my god , andy . '' 
 he came and took the gun from my hands . 
 embracing me with tears in his eyes , he rubbed my back . 
 `` this is love , wilbur , '' he said . 
 `` real as it gets . '' 
 orson let go and wiped his eyes . 
 `` you can go now if you want , andy , '' he said . 
 `` you 're welcome to stay , but i know you probably do n't wan na see this . 
 i wo n't force you . '' 
 as orson looked at wilbur , i could see his mind drift from what i 'd done . 
 his preoccupation with his next victim took precedence , and his eyes glazed over with predatory concentration . 
 he walked across the room and returned with the sharpening stone . 
 then he sat down on the concrete and began sliding the knife blade against the stone , returning it to the razor edge it had held before shirley tanner . 
 you killed a human being . 
 no , stop that . 
 stop thinking . 
 `` staying or going ? '' 
 he asked , looking up at me . 
 `` i 'm going , '' i said , watching wilbur watch the knife as it scraped across the stone for him . 
 i wondered if orson would make the knife speech after i left . 
 orson set the knife on the floor and walked me to the door . 
 when he opened it , i gladly stepped outside . 
 wilbur strained his neck to see the desert , and orson noticed . 
 `` you interested in something out here , wilbur ? '' 
 he asked , turning around as i stood in the threshold . 
 `` well , take a look , '' he said . 
 `` take a long , long look at that night sky , and the stars , and the moon , 'cause you 'll never see them again . 
 not ever . '' 
 orson 's icy stare returned to me . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning , brother . '' 
 he slammed the door in my face and locked it . 
 i trudged toward the cabin , the sound of the knife blade on the sharpening stone reaching faintly through the walls . 
 ahead the black mass of the cabin pressed against the navy sky . 
 the desert had turned blue again in the moonlight . 
 i thought of my quiet room inside . 
 i would sleep tonight . 
 this staggering numbness was my lifeboat . 
 as i stepped onto the front porch and reached for the door , the first scream rushed out of the shed and splintered the gentle night . 
 i could not fathom the pain that had inspired it , and as i walked inside and closed the door behind me , i prayed the cabin walls would impede the sound of orson 's handiwork from reaching my ears . 
 13 on the eleventh day , i did n't leave my room . 
 orson slipped in during the afternoon . 
 i was n't sleeping , though . 
 since first light , i 'd been awake . 
 he brought me a ham sandwich and a glass of port and set them on the bedside table . 
 i lay on my side , facing him , staring into nothing . 
 the despondence that always struck him afterward was evident in his cumbrous eyes and hushed voice . 
 `` andy , '' he said , but i did n't acknowledge him . 
 `` this is part of it . 
 the depression . 
 but you 're prepared for it . '' 
 he squatted down and looked into my eyes . 
 `` i can help you through it . '' 
 raindrops ticked on the tin roof . 
 i had yet to get out of bed to look outside , but the light that struggled shyly between the window bars was far from the brilliance of a desert afternoon . 
 soft and gray , it sulked in the corners . 
 the turpentine fragrance of wet sagebrush perfumed the desert and my room . 
 `` i 'm through with you now , '' he said . 
 `` you can go home . '' 
 a current of hope flowed through me , and i found his eyes . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` pack today , leave tomorrow . '' 
 i sat up in bed and set the plate on my lap . 
 `` feel better ? '' 
 i took a bite of the cold smoked-ham sandwich and nodded . 
 `` i thought you would , '' he said , moving to the door . 
 as he opened it , a cool draft swirled into my room . 
 `` i 'm locking the door . 
 i 'll bring you dinner later this evening . 
 the only thing i ask is that you 're packed before you fall asleep tonight . '' 
 when he was gone , i closed my eyes and saw lake norman-mosquitoes humming on the surface , a baby blue sky reflected in the mild water . 
 i could smell the pines again , the rich , living soil . 
 the plagiary of mockingbirds and children 's laughter echoing across the lake filled the dead air of the cabin . 
 i could turn this all into a dream . 
 i 'm not home yet . 
 my eyes opened again to somber reality-the sound of orson moving about the cabin , and rain flooding a desert . 
 day 11 i 'd estimate the hour to be approaching midnight . 
 it 's raining , as it has been all day , and storm clouds have shrouded the moon , so the desert is invisible except when lightning jolts the sky . 
 but it comes without thunder . 
 the heart of the storm is miles away . 
 my duffel bag is packed . 
 i think orson 's waiting for me to fall asleep . 
 i 've heard his footsteps approach my door and stop several times in the last hour , as if he 's listening for the sound of my movement . 
 this makes me a tad nervous , particularly since he 's been so kind today . 
 but strangely enough , i trust him . 
 i ca n't explain it , but i do n't think he 'll hurt me , especially after last night . 
 that really touched him . 
 hopefully , this is the last entry i 'll ever make in this cabin . 
 through writing these pages , i saved some degree of sanity and autonomy , but i have n't written down everything that occurred here . 
 the reason for this is that i intend to forget . 
 some people find the cravenness to lose entire years of their childhood . 
 they tuck things into their subconscious so that it only eats them away a little at a time , in small , painless bites . 
 this idea of repression is my model . 
 my goal is to forget the unspeakable events of these past eleven days . 
 i 'll gladly pay the price in episodes of depression , rage , and denial that are destined to plague my coming years . 
 nothing can be as devastating as the actual memories of what i 've seen and done . 
 i signed my name at the bottom of the entry and folded the sheet of notebook paper into thirds . 
 then i walked to the duffel bag and stuffed it down between the dirty clothes with the other entries i 'd saved . 
 turning out the lantern on the bedside table , i slid under the blanket . 
 rain on the tin roof was more effective than a bottle of sleeping pills at lulling me to sleep . 
 lightning broke the darkness , and i saw the whites of orson 's eyes . 
 he stood in my room , dripping onto the floor . 
 when the sky went black again , my pulse raced , and i sat up in bed . 
 `` orson , you 're scaring me . '' 
 my voice rose above the tinkling roof . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' he said . 
 `` i came to give you an injection . '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 `` something to help you sleep . 
 like what you had at the motel . '' 
 `` how long have you been standing there ? '' 
 `` awhile . 
 i 've been watching you sleep , andy . '' 
 `` will you turn the light on , please ? '' 
 `` i shut the generator off . '' 
 my heart would n't decelerate , so i grabbed a book of matches from the bedside table and lighted the kerosene lantern . 
 as i turned up the flame , the walls warmed , and the terror faded from my heart . 
 he wore jeans and a green poncho , soaking wet . 
 `` i need to give this to you , '' he said , showing me the syringe . 
 `` it 's time to leave . '' 
 `` is it really necessary ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` extremely . '' 
 he took a step closer . 
 `` lift your sleeve . '' 
 pushing the t-shirt sleeve above my shoulder , i turned my head away as orson jabbed the needle into my arm . 
 the pain was sharp but brief , and i did n't feel the needle pull out . 
 when i looked back at orson , the room had already grown fuzzy , and my head fell involuntarily back onto the pillow . 
 `` you do n't have much time now , '' orson said as my eyelids lowered , his voice as distant as the storm 's thunder . 
 `` when you wake , you 'll be in a motel room in denver , a plane ticket on the dresser , the three-fifty-seven locked up in your duffel bag . 
 at that point , you can know that mom is safe , and the evidence i have against you is in a secure place , in my possession . 
 you 've upheld your end of the agreement . 
 i 'll uphold mine . 
 `` i think we 've passed this stage in our relationship , but i 'll say it once more . 
 tell no one what you 've done , where you think you 've been . 
 say nothing about me , or shirley tanner , or wilbur and the boys . 
 you were in aruba the whole time , relaxing . 
 and do n't waste your energy coming back out here to look for me . 
 you may have deduced the location of this cabin , but i assure you i 'll be leaving this desert with you . 
 `` in the coming months , things may happen that you wo n't understand , that you may never have dreamed of . 
 but andy , never forget this : everything that happens , happens for a reason , and i 'll be in control of that reason . 
 never doubt that . 
 `` you 'll see me again , though it wo n't be for some time . 
 carry on with your life as before . 
 guilt will come for you , but you have to beat it back . 
 write your books , embrace your success , just keep me in the back of your mind . '' 
 his face was blurry , but i thought i saw him smile . 
 the sound of the rain had hushed , and even orson 's voice , an eloquent , soft-spoken whisper , i could scarcely understand . 
 `` you 're almost gone , '' he said . 
 `` i see it in your slit eyes . 
 i wan na leave you with something as we say good-bye and you fall into that blissful unconsciousness . 
 `` i know you like poetry . 
 you studied frost our freshman year of college . 
 i hated him then ; i love him now . 
 especially one poem in particular . 
 the thing about this poem is , everyone thinks it applies to them . 
 it 's recited at graduations and printed in annuals , so as everyone takes the same path , they can claim uniqueness because they love this poem . 
 i 'll shut up now and let bob put you to sleep . '' 
 my eyes closed , and i could n't have opened them had i wanted to . 
 orson 's voice found my ears , and though i never heard the last line , i could n't help thinking as i surrendered to the power of the drug that `` the road not taken '' was undisputedly his . '' 
 ` two roads diverged in a yellow wood , and sorry i could not travel both and be one traveler , long i stood and looked down one as far as i could to where it bent in the undergrowth ; ` then took ... as just as fair and having perhaps the better claim because it was grassy and wanted ... the passing there had worn them really about the same , ` and both ... in leaves no step had trodden black ... ' '' 14 with the floor space of a coffeehouse , it surprised me that such a crowd had squeezed into 9th street books . 
 one of a dying breed of individually owned bookstores , it felt like the library of a mansion . 
 though two stories high , the second floor existed only as shelf space , and a walkway , ten feet above the floor , circumnavigated the store , lending access to shelf after shelf of elevated books . 
 removing my gold-rimmed glasses , i chewed on the rubbery end of an earpiece , leaned forward with my elbows against the wooden lectern , and read the closing sentence from the scorcher : '' ` sizzle died and went happily to hell . ' 
 thank you . '' 
 when i closed the book , the crowd applauded . 
 adrienne phelps , the proprietor of 9th street books , rose from her seat in the front row . 
 `` it 's nine o'clock , '' she mouthed , tapping her watch . 
 i stepped back from the lectern as the small , thin-lipped woman with short jet black hair and a sweetly menacing face pulled the microphone down to her mouth . 
 `` unfortunately , we 're out of time , '' she told the crowd . 
 `` there 's a display up front with mr. thomas 's books , and he 's been kind enough to autograph fifty copies of the scorcher , so those are on sale , too . 
 let 's give him a big hand . '' 
 turning to me and smiling , she began to clap . 
 the crowd joined in , and for ten seconds the staccato applause filled the old store , the last stop on my twelve-city book tour of the states . 
 as the crowd dispersed from the store and out onto the street , my literary agent , cynthia mathis , left her chair and came across the worn hardwood floor toward me . 
 i dodged an autograph-hungry fan and reached her . 
 `` you outdid yourself tonight , andy , '' she said as we embraced . 
 wearing a perfume that suggested lilac , cynthia embodied every quality an elegant , successful new york woman might be thought to possess . 
 at fifty , she hardly looked forty . 
 her hair , frosting into a misty gray , was long , but she wore it wrapped tightly against the nape of her neck in a chignon . 
 a hint of blush glowed beneath her smooth cheeks , in striking contrast to her black suit . 
 `` it 's so good to see you , '' i said as we pulled away . 
 i had n't seen cynthia since before i 'd started the scorcher , and it felt strange to speak to her in person again . 
 `` i got us reservations at il piazza , '' she said . 
 `` thank god , i 'm starving . '' 
 but at least fifty people surrounded us , waiting for a personalized autograph and a few seconds of chitchat . 
 the doors of the bookstore , which led to my supper , seemed miles away , but i reminded myself that this was what i loved , what i 'd worked so hard for . 
 so i taped a courteous smile to my face , took a breath , and walked into the waiting crowd , hoping their interest would be short-lived . 
 the tall italian sommelier handed me a ruby-stained cork , and i felt for dampness on the end as he poured a little wine into my glass . 
 i swirled it around , took a sip , and when i nodded again , he filled both glasses with a dark amber latour that had waited fourteen years for this moment . 
 when the wine steward left , our waiter came and described several dishes in intricate detail . 
 then he left us with two burgundy menus . 
 stumbling through the italian , i sipped the velvety wine and thought of purple grapes ripening in the french countryside , and then subterranean cellars . 
 lights from downtown created the calm , glittering ambience of il piazza . 
 on the thirty-fifth floor of the parker-lewis building , the restaurant occupied a corner of the skyscraper , so the best tables were positioned along the two walls of windows that peered out upon the city . 
 we sat at one of these candlelit tables , and i stared down at the waters of the east river far below , gliding beneath the brooklyn bridge . 
 my eyes followed the lights of a barge drifting upriver against the black current . 
 `` you look tired , '' cynthia said . 
 i looked up . 
 `` i used to love the readings , but they wear on me now . 
 i wan na be home . '' 
 `` andy , '' she said , and i could predict by the gravity in her voice what was coming . 
 i knew cynthia well , and my disappearance in may had shaken her faith in me . 
 `` look , i 've tried to talk with you about what happened , but you always blow it off as - '' `` cynthia - '' `` andy , if you 'll let me get this off my chest , we can put it aside . '' 
 when i did n't speak , she continued . 
 `` you understand what bothered me about you just taking off for the south pacific ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , stroking the glass stem with my thumb and forefinger . 
 `` if you just up and leave without telling me in the midst of writing a book , i do n't care . 
 i 'm not your mother . 
 but you were gone when your book came out . 
 i do n't have to tell you how important it is for you to be around that first week . 
 you 're a visible writer , andy . 
 it 's the interviews and readings you do then that help create buzz . 
 initial sales were down from what blue murder sold . 
 for a while , it looked like it might flop . '' 
 `` cynthia , i - '' `` all i 'm saying is , do n't pull that shit again . 
 aside from the bookstore appearances your publisher canceled , i had to call a lot of media people and tell them why you were n't coming . 
 i did n't have a clue . 
 do n't put me in that position again . '' 
 the waiter was walking toward us , but cynthia waved him off . 
 `` god , andy , you did n't even call to tell me you were leaving , '' she whispered fiercely , her brow furrowed , arms thrown forward in agitation . 
 `` how hard is it to pick up a goddamn phone ? '' 
 i leaned forward and said calmly , `` i was burned-out . 
 i needed a break , and i did n't feel like calling to ask permission . 
 now , that was my reasoning then , it was wrong , and i 'm sorry . 
 it wo n't ever happen again . '' 
 she took a long sip of wine . 
 i finished my glass and felt the glow of warmth in my cheeks . 
 reaching out , i touched her hand . 
 her eyes gasped . 
 `` cynthia . 
 i 'm sorry , okay ? 
 will you forgive me ? '' 
 `` you better smooth things with your editor , too . '' 
 `` will you forgive me ? '' 
 a faint smile overspread her lips . 
 `` yes , andy . '' 
 `` good . 
 let 's order . '' 
 cynthia had ordered the braised lamb shank with red-pepper sauce , and as the waiter set her plate down , her glassy eyes lit up . 
 then i watched with pleasure as my main course-mostaccioli , sun-dried tomatoes , capers , and seared bay scallops-was placed before me . 
 beneath the bed of pasta shimmered a vodka pink sauce . 
 before leaving , our waiter uncorked a second bottle of bordeaux and refilled our wineglasses . 
 the scallops had taken on the flavor of the sweet tomatoes , and as one melted across my tongue , a grain of sand crunched between my molars . 
 i sipped the wine-glimmers of plum , meat , and tobacco . 
 it went down like silk . 
 experiencing the perfect balance of hunger and its satisfaction , i wanted to linger there as long as possible . 
 as the night wore on , i became preoccupied with the city . 
 drinking exceptional wine in one of new york 's finer restaurants , and watching a multitude of lights shining from the skyscrapers and boroughs , is one hell of a way to spend an evening . 
 in the center of the constant twinkling , i knew that millions of people surrounded me , and in this way , the city became inhospitable to the lonely fear that threatened me . 
 `` andrew ? '' 
 cynthia giggled with a feigned english accent . 
 `` too much wine for you . '' 
 turning slowly from the window to cynthia , the restaurant swayed with my eyes . 
 i was getting drunk . 
 `` that 's a beautiful city , '' i said warmly . 
 `` you ought to get a place here . '' 
 `` hell no . '' 
 `` are you implying there 's a problem with my city ? '' 
 `` i do n't have to imply . 
 i 'll just tell you . 
 you yankees are in too much of a damn hurry . '' 
 `` and that 's an inferior state of existence in comparison to the comatose south ? '' 
 `` we southerners know the value of an easy day 's work . 
 do n't fault us for that . 
 i think it 's just a little yankee jealousy - '' `` i find the word yankee to be an offensive term . '' 
 `` that 's 'cause you 've got a muddled definition in your head . '' 
 `` clarify , please . '' 
 `` all right . 
 yankee : a noun defining anyone who lives north of virginia , especially rude , anal northerners who talk too damn fast , do n't understand the concept of sweet tea and barbecue , and move to florida in their golden years . '' 
 cynthia laughed , her brown eyes glistening . 
 i looked into them . 
 they hemorrhaged , and i turned toward the window , my heart throbbing beneath my oxford shirt and saffron tie . 
 `` andy ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , trying to catch my breath . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 staring out the window into queens , i grasped for composure , telling myself the lie again . 
 `` you seem so different lately , '' she said , bringing the wineglass to her lips . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 since this is the first time we 've been together in almost a year , it may be an unfair assessment on my part . '' 
 `` please , '' i said , stabbing a scallop with my fork , `` assess away . '' 
 `` since your vacation , i 've noticed a change in you . 
 nothing drastic . 
 but i think i 've known you long enough to tell when something 's wrong . '' 
 `` what do you think is wrong , cynthia ? '' 
 `` difficult to put into words , '' she said . 
 `` just a gut feeling . 
 when you called me after you returned this summer , something was different . 
 i assumed you were just dreading the book tour . 
 but i feel the same detached vibe coming from you even now . '' 
 i finished another glass of wine . 
 `` talk to me , andy , '' she said . 
 `` you still burned-out ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i know that really worries you . '' 
 `` if it 's a woman , tell me and i 'll drop it . 
 i do n't want to pry into your personal - '' `` it 's not a woman , '' i said . 
 `` look , i 'm fine . 
 there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 she lifted her wineglass and looked out the window . 
 our waiter came for our plates . 
 he described a diabolical raspberry-chocolate souffle , but it was late , and i had an 8:30 flight out of la guardia in the morning . 
 so cynthia paid the bill , and we rode the elevator down to the street . 
 nearly midnight . 
 i could n't imagine waking in the morning . 
 i 'd drunk far too much . 
 i hailed a cab for cynthia and kissed her on the cheek before she climbed in . 
 she told me to call her the following week , and i promised i would . 
 as her cab drove away , she stared through the back window , her earnest eyes penetrating me , gnawing at the root of my restlessness . 
 you have no idea . 
 when her cab was gone , i started down the sidewalk , and for several blocks , i did n't pass a soul . 
 though hidden now from view , the filthy east river flowed into the atlantic . 
 i could smell the stale , polluted water . 
 four ambulances rushed by , their sirens shrieking between the buildings . 
 with my hotel only ten blocks north , i hoped a stroll in the cool september night would sober me up . 
 i dreaded going home . 
 since mid-june , i 'd traveled the country , filling my days with appearances and readings that kept me grounded in the present . 
 i never wanted a moment alone . 
 my thoughts horrified me . 
 now , as i returned to north carolina , to a slower way of life , i knew the torture would begin . 
 i had no book to write . 
 there was nothing for me to do but inhabit my lake house . 
 to exist . 
 and it was there , i feared , that the two weeks whose existence i 'd denied all summer would come for me . 
 when my mind drifted back to the desert , i 'd force-feed myself the jade green sea , ivory sand , sweaty sunlight . 
 distinctly , i could picture the stuccoed beach house and veranda where i 'd watch bloody sunsets fall into the sea . 
 i was aware of the self-deception , but man will do anything to live with himself . 
 15 i filled the beginning of october with crisp , clear days on lake norman and unbearable nights in my bed . 
 i fished off my pier for an hour each morning and evening . 
 and in the early afternoons , i 'd swim , diving beneath the murky blue water , now holding a cool bite with the approach of winter . 
 sometimes , i 'd swim naked just for the freedom of it , like a child in a cold womb , unborn , unknowing . 
 nearing the surface after a deep dive , i 'd pretend that hideous knowledge buried in the recesses of my mind would vanish when i broke into the golden air . 
 it 's only real underwater , i 'd think , rising from the lake bottom . 
 the air will cleanse me . 
 dawdling on the end of my pier late one afternoon , nursing a jack and sun-drop , i watched a bobber swaying on the surface of the lake . 
 early octobers in north carolina are perfection , and the sky turned azure as the sun edged toward the horizon . 
 i 'd been holding a fishing rod , waiting for the red-and-white bobber to duck beneath the water , when i heard footsteps swishing through the grass . 
 setting the rod down , i looked back toward the shore and saw walter step onto the pier . 
 he wore sunglasses and a wheat-colored suit , his jacket thrown over his left shoulder , tie loosened . 
 for two weeks , i 'd been home . 
 though he called often , i 'd spoken to walter only twice , and the conversations had been vapid on my part . 
 each time i 'd hung up as soon as possible , revealing nothing of my may disappearance and shying away from his questions . 
 solitude and self-oblivion had been my sole desire , and as i watched my best friend stroll down the pier , his face sullen , i knew i 'd hurt him . 
 several feet away , he stopped and tossed a manila envelope onto the sun-bleached wood . 
 walter looked down at me , and i could see myself in his sunglasses . 
 he sat down beside me on the edge of the pier , and our legs dangled out over the water . 
 `` your novel 's selling well , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm happy for you . '' 
 `` it 's a relief . '' 
 as i fumbled with the envelope , walter said , `` i never opened it . '' 
 `` you do n't have to tell me that . '' 
 `` something 's on your line . '' 
 i grabbed my rod and yanked it back , but the bobber resurfaced without tension in the line . 
 when i reeled it back in , the bobber did n't move . 
 `` shit , he was big . 
 that was a large-mouth . '' 
 i tossed the rod onto the pier and picked up my drink . 
 `` come on , '' i said , standing up . 
 though the air was mild , the long day of direct sunlight had turned the surface of the pier as hot as summer concrete . 
 it toasted the soles of my feet . 
 `` let 's go inside . 
 i 'll get you a beer . '' 
 in swimming trunks , i ran up the pier toward the shore , leapt into the grass , and waited . 
 walter came along sluggishly , his usual pace . 
 we walked together up through the yard , a narrow green slope rising from the shore to the house . 
 i had n't mown the grass in two weeks , so it rose several inches above my ankles , a soft , dense carpet . 
 as we climbed the steps to the deck , i glanced into the woods on my right . 
 i thought of the corpse buried out there , the one that had flung my life into this disarray . 
 for a moment , i relived finding her-the smell , the fear , the rush of discovery . 
 inside , i got walter a bottle of beer out of the fridge and led him into the living room . 
 not quite as soused as i wanted to be , i mixed another jack and sun-drop as he lay down on the sofa . 
 `` i 'm sorry i have n't been over , '' i said from the wet bar . 
 `` book tour wore you out , huh ? '' 
 `` just was n't in the mood to be in front of people constantly . 
 to be on all the time . '' 
 after dropping several shards of ice into the glass and filling it half with citrus soda , half with bourbon , i stirred my drink , walked into the living room , and sat down in the tan leather chair across from walter . 
 his eyes caught on brown no. 2 , looking down on us from above the fireplace in all its pretentious glory . 
 he smirked , but the tension between us made him withhold comment . 
 `` i know , '' i said , `` a real piece of shit . 
 loman . 
 i 'd like to kick that f ** ker 's ass . 
 do n't know why i leave it up there . 
 it 's not like it 's growing on me . 
 fact , i hate it more every day . '' 
 `` deep down , he must 've known he was a hack . 
 had to . 
 should 've listened to me , man . '' 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 i yawned . 
 i 'd be passing out when walter left . 
 `` how 's the fam ? '' 
 `` ah . 
 the obligatory inquiry . 
 they 're fine . 
 i 've been trying to spend more time with them lately . 
 less at the magazine . 
 i 've actually got ta be at a school play in two hours . 
 thirty six-year-olds on a stage . 
 can you imagine ? '' 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 `` mamet . '' 
 we laughed . 
 we always laughed when we were together . 
 `` poor thing-jenna 's so nervous about it . 
 she got into bed with beth and me last night , crying . 
 we fell asleep comforting her . 
 woke up in a puddle . '' 
 `` ooh , '' i shuddered . 
 `` the thrill of parenthood . 
 i 'd miss it for the world . '' 
 `` you serious ? '' 
 walter asked , kicking off his wing tips and balancing the bottle on his chest . 
 `` hell yeah . 
 everybody feels sorry for me when i tell them i do n't wan na get married or have kids . 
 but it 's not like pathetic resignation . 
 i just happen to know for a fact that there is n't a single person out there i 'd wan na wake up beside day in and day out . 
 except you , of course . 
 i 'd marry you , walter . 
 seriously . '' 
 he laughed kindly . 
 `` karen did a number on you , but you wo n't always feel bitter . '' 
 `` how the hell do you know how i 'm always gon na feel ? '' '' 
 'cause it 's impossible for someone to go through life without repeatedly falling in love . '' 
 how sad . 
 he really thinks i want his life . 
 he thinks i 'm gatsby to his daisy . 
 maybe i am . 
 `` i was in love with karen , '' i said , and a lump swelled in my throat , but i stifled it . 
 `` where did that get me ? 
 so i loved her and thought i wanted to spend my life with her . 
 for two years , i felt this way , and suddenly , she did n't , and wanted nothing to do with me . 
 not even friendship . 
 said i was a phase . 
 a f ** king phase . 
 that 's two years of my life wasted . 
 i think about what i could 've written during that time-fucking irks me . '' 
 i shook my head and sipped the soured citrus soda . 
 `` i 'll tell you-it 'll be a genuine miracle if i ever do get married , 'cause i 'm not looking for it . 
 i just do n't think it 'll happen , and after two years of karen-hell , i 'm fine with that . 
 i make a great mate . '' 
 `` you bit into a bad apple , and now you think all apples taste that way , but they do n't , '' he said with the swagger of someone who knows they 're right . 
 `` maybe some people just like the taste of rotten apples . '' 
 his face dropped . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know why i 'm being an ass ** le . 
 i 'm just a little shit-faced right now . '' 
 `` hey , people go through phases . 
 be glad you are n't a full-time ass ** le like bill york . '' 
 `` that prick 's still your copyeditor ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 he 's such a dick . 
 he was giving me shit today for leaving early . '' 
 `` you run the magazine . 
 fire him . '' 
 `` if he was n't such a good editor , i 'd have canned his ass a long time ago . 
 but i do n't pay him to be a decent human being . 
 long as he keeps the text grammatically perfect , he can be the prince of darkness . '' 
 `` god , i admire your principle . '' 
 we laughed again . 
 there was a brief period of silence , but because it followed laughter , it elapsed unstrained . 
 walter looked up at me from his beer . 
 `` andy , '' he said , `` wan na tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 i looked into walter 's eyes , and i wanted to spill everything . 
 the urge to tell another human being where i 'd been and what i 'd done was overwhelming . 
 `` i just do n't know . '' 
 `` it has to do with that trip you took last may ? '' 
 i held my breath , thinking . 
 `` i guess you could say that . '' 
 `` is it taxes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you in trouble with the irs ? 
 that 's no shit . '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` what ca n't you trust me with ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed , and i shrugged . 
 `` so talk to me . '' 
 `` you willing to chance prison , or your personal safety , to know what happened to me ? '' 
 he sat up and set his half-empty bottle on the floor . 
 `` i know you 'd do it for me . '' 
 my stomach contracted at the thought of the desert . 
 i finished my drink and looked into his hazel eyes . 
 his gray hair had grown out considerably since may . 
 `` you know i have a twin ? '' 
 `` you 've mentioned it . 
 he disappeared , right ? '' 
 `` we were twenty . 
 just walked out of our dorm room one night . 
 said , ` you wo n't see me for a while . ' '' 
 `` bet that was hard . '' 
 `` yeah , it was hard . 
 he contacted me last may . 
 walter , you ca n't tell anyone . 
 not beth , not - '' `` who am i going to tell ? '' 
 `` you remember that black teacher who went missing last spring ? '' 
 `` rita jones ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 you say it now , he 's involved . 
 think about it . 
 you 're too hammered to make this decision . 
 `` she 's buried in my woods . '' 
 walter 's face blanched . 
 `` my brother , orson , put her there . 
 he blackmailed me . 
 told me my blood was all over her and that the knife he killed her with was hidden in my house . 
 swore he 'd call the police if i did n't come see him . 
 threatened my mother . '' 
 `` you 're drunk . '' 
 `` wan na see the body ? '' 
 walter stared at me , eyes laced with doubt . 
 `` he killed her ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he 's a psychopath , '' i said , steadying my hands . 
 `` what 'd he want with you ? '' 
 tears welled up in my eyes , and i could n't stop them . 
 they spilled down my cheeks , and as i wiped them away and looked up at walter , my eyes filled again . 
 `` horrible , '' i said , my lips quivering as tears ran over them and down my chin . 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 `` the wyoming desert . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i did n't answer him , and walter allowed me a moment to regain my composure . 
 he did n't ask why again . 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 could be anywhere in the country . '' 
 `` you never went to the police ? '' 
 `` he threatened my mother ! '' 
 my voice rose into the second floor . 
 `` besides , what would i say ? 
 ` my twin brother killed rita jones and buried her in my backyard . 
 oh , by the way , my blood 's all over her , she was murdered with my paring knife , and my brother 's disappeared , but i swear i did n't do it ! ' '' 
 `` what other choice do you have ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` well , if what you 're saying is true , people will continue to die until he 's caught . 
 it could be beth or john david next . 
 that does n't concern you ? '' 
 `` what concerns me , '' i said , `` is that even if i could find orson , haul him into a precinct , and tell the detectives what he 'd done , orson would walk out the free man . 
 i have no proof , walter . 
 it means shit in a court of law that i know orson is a psychopath , that i 've seen him torture and murder . 
 what matters is that rita jones is covered in my blood . '' 
 `` you 've seen him murder ? '' 
 walter asked . 
 `` actually watched him kill ? '' 
 tears came to my eyes again . 
 `` who did he - '' `` i do n't wan na talk about it anymore . '' 
 `` but you 're telling me you - '' `` i wo n't talk about it ! '' 
 leaving the chair , i walked to the window , which looked across the lawn and , farther down , the lake . 
 on the forest 's edge , yellow poplars had begun to turn gold , and scarlet oaks and red maples would soon set the woods ablaze with their dying leaves . 
 my forehead against the window , my tears streaked down the glass , leaving blurry trails in their wake . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 walter asked , his voice gentle again . 
 i shook my head . 
 i murdered , too . 
 cut out a woman 's heart and shot a man in the head , because orson told me to . 
 the words ricocheted inside my head , but i could n't tell walter what i 'd done . 
 somehow , i thought it 'd be enough that he knew about orson and where i 'd been . 
 `` i have nightmares every night . 
 i ca n't write . 
 the things i saw ... '' `` you have to talk to someone . 
 something like this could f ** k you over for - '' `` i 'm talking to you , '' i said , watching a boat drag an inner tube across the lake and wondering what really was coursing through walter 's mind . 
 he came to the window , and we both leaned against the glass . 
 `` she 's right out there , '' i said , pointing toward the woods . 
 `` in a shallow grave . '' 
 we stood for ages by the window . 
 i thought he might push for more details , but he kept the silence , and i was grateful . 
 it was soon time for him to leave . 
 he had his daughter 's play to attend . 
 i pictured jenna onstage , walter and beth in the audience , beaming . 
 i swear it only lasted a second , but i was gorged with envy . 
 16 jeanette thomas lived alone in a dying neighborhood in winston-salem , north carolina , in the same ranch-style house where her sons had grown up and her husband had died . 
 it had been a thriving middle-class neighborhood when i was a child , but now as i drove my red cj-7 slowly along race street , i marveled at how the area had changed . 
 rusted chain-link fences enclosed the yards , and some of the homes were derelict . 
 it seemed as if an elderly person sat in a rocking chair on every front porch , waving at the infrequent cars that passed through . 
 this neighborhood served as the final zone of independence for many of its residents , most only several years from a nursing home existence . 
 approaching my mother 's house , i could n't help but ruminate on what this place had once been . 
 in my childhood , kids had filled the streets , and i saw them now , riding bicycles and scrap-wood contraptions , laughing , fighting , chasing the ice-cream truck as it made the rounds on a sweltering summer afternoon . 
 a wonderland , shrouded in shady green trees and electric with youthful energy , it had been mine and orson 's world . 
 we 'd climbed its trees , navigated the cool darkness of the drainage ditches , and explored the forbidden woods that bordered the north side of the neighborhood . 
 we 'd formed secret clubs , constructed rickety tree houses , and smoked our first cigarette here on a deserted baseball diamond one winter night . 
 because it was the only home of my childhood , the memories were thick and staggering . 
 they overcame me every time i returned , and now that this neighborhood had become a ghost town , my childhood felt far more spectacular . 
 the present listless decay made my memories rich and resplendent . 
 my mother always parked her car at the bottom of the driveway so she would n't back over the mailbox . 
 when i saw her car edged slightly into the street , i smiled and parked near the curb in front of her house . 
 i cut off the jeep and opened the door to the grating whine of a leaf blower . 
 stepping outside , i slammed the door . 
 across the street , an old man sat in a chair on his front porch , smoking a pipe and watching a crew of teenagers blow the leaves on his lawn into a brown pile . 
 he waved to me , and i waved back . 
 mr. harrison . 
 we were twelve when we learned about your subscription to playboy . 
 stole the magazine for three consecutive months . 
 checked your mailbox every day for its delivery when we got home from school . 
 you caught us the fourth month . 
 peeped from behind your curtain for a whole week , waiting to identify the thieves . 
 came tearing out of the house , fully intent on dragging us to our mother , until you realized she 'd know you were a dirty old man . 
 `` well , you got three of 'em already ! '' 
 you shouted , then whispered , `` i 'll leave 'em on my back porch when i 'm through . 
 how about that ? 
 at least let me get my money 's worth . '' 
 that was fine by us . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a man shouted from a gray honda that had stopped in the middle of the street . 
 i stepped back down off the curb and walked toward the car . 
 `` can i help you with something ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i placed him at twenty-six or twenty-seven . 
 his hair was very black , and his razor-thin face was baby ass-smooth and white . 
 the interior of his car reeked of windex . 
 i did n't like his eyes . 
 `` are you andrew thomas ? '' 
 he asked . 
 here we go . 
 since the publication of my first novel , i 'd kept a running count-excluding conferences , literary festivals , and other publicized appearances , this was the thirty-third time i 'd been recognized . 
 i nodded . 
 `` no way ! 
 i 'm reading your book right now . 
 um , the incinerator-no , ah , i know what it 's called ... '' `` the scorcher . '' 
 `` that 's it . 
 i love it . 
 in fact , i 've got it with me . 
 do you think that , um , that ... '' `` would you like for me to sign it ? '' 
 `` would you ? '' 
 `` be happy to . '' 
 he reached onto the floorboard in the back , grabbed my newest hardcover , and handed it to me . 
 i guess i just look like i have a pen on me . 
 sometimes it was disappointing meeting the fans . 
 `` you got a pen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` shit , i do n't - oh , wait . '' 
 he opened the glove compartment and retrieved a short , dull pencil . 
 he 'd played miniature golf recently . 
 as i took the pencil , i glanced at the jacket of the scorcher-an evil smiling face , consumed in flames . 
 i had n't been particularly pleased with this jacket design , but no one cares what the author thinks . 
 `` you want me just to sign it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` could you do it to ... sign it to my girlfriend ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 are you gon na tell me her name , or do i have to ask ? 
 ... i have to ask . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 `` jenna . '' 
 `` j-e-n-n-a ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 i set my book on the roof of his car and scribbled her name and one of the three dedications i always use : `` to jenna-may your hands tremble and your heart pound . 
 andrew z. thomas . '' 
 i closed the book and returned it . 
 `` she 's gon na love this , '' he said , shifting the car back into drive . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 i shook his cold , thin hand and stepped back over the curb . 
 as he drove away , i walked through my mother 's uncut grass toward the front door . 
 a gusty wind passed through the trees and tickled my spine . 
 the morning sky was overcast , filled with bumpy mattresslike clouds , which in the coming months might be filled with snow . 
 in the center of her lawn , against the ashen late-october sky , a silver maple exploded in burnt orange . 
 as i continued through the grass , the appearance of her house grew dismal . 
 beginning to pull away from the roof , the gutters overflowed with leaves , and the siding had peeled and buckled . 
 even the yard had turned into a jungle , and i did n't doubt mom had fired the lawn service i 'd hired for her . 
 she 'd been infuriatingly stubborn in her refusal to accept any degree of financial assistance . 
 i 'd tried to buy her a new house after the killer and his weapon was sold to hollywood , but she refused . 
 she would n't let me pay her bills , buy her a car , or even send her on a cruise . 
 whether it was her pride or just ignorance concerning how much money i made , i was n't sure , but it irritated me to no end . 
 she insisted on scraping by with social security , her teacher 's pension , and the tiny chunk of dad 's life insurance , now almost gone . 
 i stepped up onto the front porch and rang the doorbell . 
 bob barker 's voice from the price is right escaped through a cracked window . 
 i heard my mother dragging a stool across the floor so she could reach the peephole . 
 `` it 's me , mom , '' i said through the door . 
 `` andrew , is that you ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 three dead bolts turned , and it opened . 
 `` darling ! '' 
 her face brightened-a cloud unveiling the sun . 
 `` come in , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` give your mom a hug . '' 
 i stepped inside and we embraced . 
 at sixty-five , she seemed to grow smaller every time i visited . 
 her hair was turning white , but she wore it long , as she always had , pulled back in a ponytail . 
 though too big for her now , a green dress dotted with white flowers hung upon her feeble frame like outdated wallpaper . 
 `` you look good , '' she said , inspecting my waist . 
 `` i see you lost that spare tire . '' 
 smiling , she pinched my stomach . 
 she had a paralyzing fear i 'd suddenly gain six hundred pounds and become trapped in my house . 
 it was hell being around her if i was the slightest bit overweight . 
 `` i told you it would n't take much to lose those love handles . 
 they 're really not attractive , you know . 
 that 's what happens when you spend all your time inside , writing . '' 
 `` the yard does n't look good , mom , '' i said , walking into the living room and sitting down on the sofa . 
 she walked to the television and turned the volume all the way down . 
 `` is that lawn service not coming anymore ? '' 
 `` i fired them , '' she said , blocking the screen , hands on her hips . 
 `` they charged too much . '' 
 `` you were n't paying for it . '' 
 `` i do n't need your help , '' she said . 
 `` and i 'm not gon na argue with you about it . 
 i wrote a check to you for the money you gave me . 
 remind me to give it to you before you leave . '' 
 `` i wo n't take it . '' 
 `` then the money will go to waste . '' 
 `` but the yard looks terrible . 
 it needs to be - '' `` that grass is gon na turn brown and die anyway . 
 no need to make a fuss about it now . '' 
 i sighed and leaned back against the dusty , sunken sofa as my mother disappeared into the kitchen . 
 the house smelled of must , aged wood , and tarnished silverware . 
 above the brick fireplace hung a family portrait that had been taken the summer after orson and i graduated from high school . 
 the picture was sixteen years old , and it showed . 
 the background had reddened , and our faces looked more pink than flesh-colored . 
 i remembered the day distinctly . 
 orson and i had fought about who would wear dad 's brown suit . 
 we 'd both become fixated on it , so mom had flipped a dime , and i won . 
 furious , orson had refused to have his picture taken , so mom and i went alone to the photographer 's studio . 
 i wore my father 's brown suit , and she wore a purple dress , black now in the discolored photograph . 
 it was eerie to look at my mother and myself standing there alone , with the plain red background behind us , half a family . 
 sixteen years later , nothing has changed . 
 she came back into the living room from the kitchen , carrying a glass of sweet tea . 
 `` here you are , darling , '' she said , handing me the cold , sweaty glass . 
 i took a sip , savoring her ability to brew the best tea i 'd ever tasted . 
 it held the perfect sweetness-not bitter , not weak , and the color was transparent mahogany . 
 she sat down in her rocking chair and pulled a quilt over her skinny legs , the wormy veins hidden by fleshy panty hose . 
 `` why have n't you come in four months ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've been busy , mom , '' i said , setting the tea down on a glass coffee table in front of the couch . 
 `` i had the book tour and other stuff , so i have n't been back in north carolina that long . '' 
 `` well , it hurts my feelings that my son wo n't take time out of his high-and-mighty schedule to come visit his mother . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` i really feel bad . '' 
 `` you should be more considerate . '' 
 `` i will . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` stop saying that , '' she snapped . 
 `` i forgive you . '' 
 then turning back to the television , she said , `` i bought your book . '' 
 `` you did n't have to buy it , mom . 
 i have thirty copies at home . 
 i could 've brought one . '' 
 `` i did n't know that . '' 
 `` you read it ? '' 
 she frowned , and i knew the answer . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt your feelings , '' she said , `` but it 's just like your other ones . 
 i did n't even reach the end of the first chapter before i put it down . 
 you know i ca n't stand profanity . 
 and that sizzle was just horrible . 
 i 'm not gon na read about a man going around setting people on fire . 
 i do n't know how you write it . 
 people probably think i abused you . '' 
 `` mom , i - '' `` i know you write what sells , but that does n't necessarily mean i 'm gon na like it . 
 i just wish you 'd write something nice for a change . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 what would you like for me to write ? '' 
 `` a love story , andrew . 
 something with a happy ending . 
 people read love stories , too , you know . '' 
 i laughed out loud and lifted up the glass . 
 `` so you think i should switch to romance ? 
 my fans would love that , let me tell you . '' 
 `` now you 're just being ugly , '' she said as i sipped the tea . 
 `` you ought to be ashamed of yourself . 
 mocking your own mother . '' 
 `` i 'm not mocking you , mom . 
 i think you 're hilarious . '' 
 she frowned again and looked back at the television . 
 though strong-willed and feisty , my mother was excruciatingly sensitive beneath her fussy exterior . 
 `` have you been to dad 's grave yet ? '' 
 she asked after a moment . 
 `` no . 
 i wanted to go with you . '' 
 `` there were flowers by the headstone this morning . 
 a beautiful arrangement . 
 it looked fresh . 
 you sure you did n't - '' `` mom , i think i 'd know if i laid flowers on dad 's grave this morning . '' 
 her short-term memory was wilting . 
 she 'd probably taken the flowers there yesterday . 
 `` well , i was there this morning , '' she said . 
 `` before it clouded up . 
 sat there for about an hour , talking to him . 
 he 's got a nice spot under that magnolia . '' 
 `` yes , he does . '' 
 staring into the olive shag carpet beneath my feet , at the sloped dining room table next to the kitchen , and that first door in the hallway leading down into the basement , i sensed the four of us moving through this dead space , this antiquated haunt-felt my father and orson as strongly as i did my mother , sitting in the flesh before me . 
 strangely enough , it was the smell of burned toast that moved me . 
 my mother loved scorched bread , and though the scent of her singed breakfast was now a few hours old , it made this deteriorating house my home , and me her little boy again , for three inexorable seconds . 
 `` mom , '' i began , and i almost said his name . 
 orson was on the tip of my tongue . 
 i wanted her to remind me that we 'd been carefree children once , kids who 'd played . 
 she looked up from the muted television . 
 but i did n't ask . 
 she 'd driven him from her mind . 
 when i 'd made the mistake of talking about him before , she had instantly shut down . 
 it crushed her that he 'd left , that thirteen years ago orson had severed all ties from our family . 
 initially , she dealt with that pain by denying he 'd ever been her son . 
 now , years later , that he 'd ever been born . 
 `` never mind , '' i said , and she turned back to the game show . 
 so i found a memory for myself . 
 orson and i are eleven , alone in the woods . 
 it 's summertime , the trees laden with leaves . 
 we find a tattered canvas tent , damp and mildewed , but we love it . 
 brushing out the leaves from inside , we transform it into our secret fort , playing there every day , even in the rain . 
 since we never tell any of the neighborhood kids , it 's ours alone , and we sneak out of the house at night on several occasions and camp there with our flashlights and sleeping bags , hunting fireflies until dawn . 
 then , running home , we climb into bed before mom or dad wakes up . 
 they never catch us , and by summer 's end , we have a jelly jar full of prisoners-a luciferin night-light on the toy chest between our beds . 
 mom and i sat watching the greedy contestants until noon . 
 i kept the memory to myself . 
 `` andrew , '' she said when the show had ended , `` is it still cold outside ? '' 
 `` it 's cool , '' i said , `` and a little breezy . '' 
 `` would you take a walk with me ? 
 the leaves are just beautiful . '' 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 while she went to her bedroom for an overcoat , i stood and walked through the dining room to the back door . 
 i opened it and stepped onto the back porch , its green paint flaking off everywhere , the boards slick with paint chips . 
 my eyes wandered through the overgrown yard , alighting on the fallen swing we 'd helped my father build . 
 he would not be proud of how i 'd cared for his wife . 
 but she 's stubborn as hell , and you knew it . 
 you knew it better than anyone . 
 leaning against the railing , i looked thirty yards beyond , staring into the woods , which started abruptly where the grass ended . 
 something inside of me twitched . 
 it was as though i were seeing the world as a negative of a photograph-in black and gray , two boys rambling through the trees toward something i could not see . 
 a fleeting image struck me-a cigarette ember glowing in a tunnel . 
 there was a presence in the forest , in my head , and it bowled me over . 
 i could not escape the idea that i 'd forgotten something . 
 17 i left my mother 's house before dusk , and for the forty miles of back roads between winston-salem and my lake house near davidson , i thought of karen . 
 normally , i 'd banish her from my thoughts at the first flicker of a memory , but tonight i allowed her to remain , and watching the familiar roads wind between stands of forest and breaks of pasture , i imagined she sat beside me in the jeep . 
 we ride home in one of those comfortable stretches of silence , and within an hour , we 're walking together through the front door of my house . 
 you throw your coat on the piano bench , and as i head for the kitchen for a bottle of wine , i catch your eyes , and see that you could care less about wine tonight . 
 so without music , or candles , or freshening up , we walk upstairs to my bedroom and make love and fall asleep and wake up and go again and fall back asleep . 
 i wake up once more in the night , feel you breathing beside me , and smile at the thought of making us breakfast . 
 you 're excellent company in the morning , over coffee , in our robes , the lake shimmering in early sun ... i was speaking aloud to an empty seat , with davidson still fifteen miles away . 
 last i heard , karen was reading manuscripts for a small house in boston and living with a patent attorney . 
 they were going to be married in bermuda over christmas . 
 try this , andy : around 8:30 , you 'll unlock the front door , walk into your house , and go straight upstairs to bed . 
 alone . 
 you wo n't even feel like a drink . 
 i awoke to the earsplitting scream of the stereo system in my living room downstairs , the speakers pumping miles davis through the house at full volume . 
 it was two o'clock in the morning . 
 i remained motionless under the covers , in utter darkness , thinking , someone is in the house . 
 if you turn on the light , you 'll see him standing at the end of your bed , and if you move , he 'll know you 're awake and kill you . 
 please god , let this be a power surge , or something f ** ked up in the circuitry . 
 but i do n't own a miles davis record . 
 as the music rattled the windows , i reached my left hand to the bedside table and opened the drawer , expecting at any moment for lights to blind me , followed by the immediate onset of unthinkable pain . 
 my hand touched my new pistol , a subcompact .40 - caliber glock . 
 i could n't remember if i 'd chambered the first round , so i brought the handgun under the sheet and , pulling back on the slide , felt the semijacketed hollow-point poke out of the ejection port , ready to fire . 
 for two minutes , i lay in bed , letting my eyes adjust to the darkness . 
 then , squinting so he would n't see the whites of my eyes , i scoped out my room : at a glance , i seemed to be the only occupant . 
 unless he 's in the closet . 
 rolling to the other side of the bed , i lifted the phone to dial 911 . 
 miles blared through the receiver . 
 oh jesus . 
 i planted my feet on the carpet and crept toward the door , thinking , do n't go down there . 
 orson could be anywhere in this house . 
 i know it 's him . 
 please be dreaming . 
 the exposed second-floor hallway ran the length of the living room , with my bedroom at the end . 
 at my door , i stopped and peered down the empty hallway . 
 too dark to see anything in the living room below . 
 i did , however , notice the red and green stereo lights glowing by the staircase . 
 through the tall living room windows , i could see the woods , the lake , and that remote blue light at the end of walter 's pier . 
 i might die tonight . 
 finger on the light switch , i could n't decide whether or not to turn on the track lighting in the hallway . 
 maybe he does n't know i 'm up yet . 
 i wo n't alert him to the fact . 
 there were three open doors leading into black rooms along the right side of the hall , the oak banister on the left . 
 my heart clanged like a blacksmith 's hammer . 
 get to the staircase . 
 i sprinted down the hall as `` so what '' masked my footsteps . 
 crouching at the top of the staircase , freezing sweat burning in my eyes , i stared through the banister at the expansive living room-the couch , the baby grand , the wet bar , the hearth-ambiguous oblique forms in the shadows below . 
 then there were the places i could not see-the kitchen , the foyer , my study . 
 he could be anywhere . 
 resisting waves of hysterical trembling , so intense that i kept my finger off the trigger , i thought , he 's doing this for the fear . 
 that 's what gets him off . 
 anger displaced my terror . 
 i stood up , charged down the staircase , and ran into the living room . 
 `` orson ! '' 
 i screamed above the music . 
 `` do i look scared ? 
 come on ! '' 
 i moved to the stereo and cut it off . 
 the gaping silence engulfed me , so i turned on a lamp beside the stereo , and the soft , warm light it produced eased my heart . 
 i listened , looked , heard and saw nothing , took five deep breaths , and leaned against the wall to tame my renascent fear . 
 go out through the kitchen and onto the deck . 
 get away from here . 
 maybe he 's just f ** king with you . 
 maybe he 's already gone . 
 as i started for the back door , something in the bay-windowed alcove between the kitchen and the living room arrested my exit . 
 an unmarked videotape stood atop the glass breakfast table . 
 picking it up , i again glanced over my shoulder at the hallway above and then into the foyer . 
 still nothing moved . 
 i wanted to search my study and the three guest rooms on the second floor , but i did n't have the equanimity to roam my house , knowing he skulked in some corner or nook , waiting for me to stumble blindly past . 
 returning to the stereo and the entertainment center , i inserted the videotape into my vcr , turned on the television , and sat down on the sofa so i could watch the screen and still see most of the living room . 
 the screen is blue , then black . 
 the date and time emerge in the bottom right-hand corner : 10/30/96 , 11:08 a.m. . 
 that 's today . 
 no , yesterday now . 
 i hear a voice , then two voices , so low and muffled that i turn up the volume . 
 `` would you like for me to sign it ? '' 
 ... `` would you ? '' 
 ... `` be happy to . '' 
 ... `` you got a pen ? '' 
 ... `` shit , i do n't - oh , wait '' ... `` you want me just to sign it ? '' 
 ... `` could you do it to ... sign it to my girlfriend ? '' 
 ... `` sure . '' 
 ... `` what 's her name ? '' 
 ... `` jenna . '' 
 ... `` j-e-n-n-a ? '' 
 ... `` yep . '' 
 ... `` she 's gon na love this . 
 thank you so much . '' 
 the screen still dark , the sound of a car engine vibrates the television set , and then the first shot appears-through the back window of a moving car and from a few hundred feet away-me walking up the steps to my mother 's house . 
 the screen goes black and silent . 
 still 10/30/96 , now 11:55 a.m. . 
 the picture fades in , and the camera slowly pans a dark room . 
 oh god . 
 concrete walls and floor . 
 the objects in the room are the giveaway : two red bicycles , a dilapidated exercise trampoline , a fake white christmas tree , mountains of cardboard boxes , and several stacks of records-the small windowless basement of my mother 's house . 
 the cameraman holds on a shot of the fourteen steps that lead upstairs , and then the picture jerks nauseatingly as he ascends . 
 the first hallway door creaks open , and the camera zooms in on my face as i sit quietly on my mother 's couch , watching the muted television . 
 `` such a good son to visit her , '' he whispers . 
 then the cameraman closes the door and tiptoes back down the steps . 
 after placing the camera atop a stack of our father 's records , orson squats down in front of it , the staircase behind him now , and the screen blackens . 
 the picture returns from the same position in the basement-10 / 30/96 , 7:25 p.m. orson leans into the lens and whispers , `` you just left , andy . '' 
 he smiles . 
 he wears a mechanic 's suit , though i ca n't tell its color in the poor basement light . 
 `` i do n't want you to worry , andy , '' he whispers . 
 `` this following you around thing is quite temporary . 
 in fact , as you watch this now in your living room around two in the morning , i 'll be hundreds of miles away , driving into the capital of this great nation . 
 and when i finish there , i 'll be blending back into the faceless masses for a good long while . '' 
 orson sneezes twice . 
 `` because you ca n't keep your mouth shut , i 'm considering having a friend of mine visit walter and his beautiful family . 
 would that upset you ? 
 i think you 've met luther . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` he 's a fan . '' 
 orson pulls a length of wire from his pocket . 
 `` in one minute , it 'll occur to you that you have this all on tape . 
 well , you had it all on tape . 
 remember that . 
 shall we ? '' 
 orson lifts the camera and continues to whisper as he climbs the staircase . 
 `` the rage you 're about to feel will liberate you , andy . 
 think of it that way . 
 oh , one last thing-watch the news tomorrow morning . '' 
 he opens the door to the hallway . 
 somewhere in the house , my mother is singing . 
 orson slams the door , opens it , and slams it again before rushing back down the steps . 
 setting the camera back on the stack of records , he moves offscreen , somewhere in the semidarkness , amid the innumerable boxes . 
 i have only a view of the staircase now and a section of the bare concrete wall . 
 silence . 
 at the top of the steps , the door opens . 
 `` andrew , did you come back in ? '' 
 my mother 's voice fills the basement , and i begin to tremble , my head shaking involuntarily back and forth . 
 descending five steps , she stops , and i can see her legs now . 
 i 'm muttering , `` no '' continuously , as if it will drive her back up those steps . 
 `` andrew ? '' 
 she calls out . 
 no answer . 
 after three more steps , she leans down so that she can see into the basement . 
 she inspects the rows of clutter for several seconds , then straightens up and clumps back up the staircase . 
 but her footsteps stop before she reaches the door , and she goes back down again to where she was and looks directly into the camera . 
 i see the confusion on her face , but it 's not yet accompanied by fear . 
 my mother walks carefully to the bottom of the staircase and stops before the camera . 
 she 's still wearing that green dress , but her white hair is down now . 
 she stares curiously into the lens , that sharp crease wrinkling up between her eyebrows . 
 `` hi , mom ! '' 
 orson screams . 
 she looks behind the camera . 
 the fear in her face destroys me , and as she shrieks and runs for the staircase , the camera crashes to the concrete floor . 
 after the screen turned blue again , i sat for five seconds in unholy shock . 
 he did not kill our mother . 
 he did ... i smelled windex . 
 a hard metallic object thumped the back of my skull . 
 lying on my back beside the couch and staring up through the windows , i saw that morning was now just a few hours away-that purple-navy tinge of dawn leeching the darkness from the sky . 
 as i struggled to my feet , the tender knot on the back of my head throbbed on mercilessly . 
 the television was still on . 
 kneeling down , i pressed the eject button on the vcr , but the tape had already been removed . 
 after hanging up the phone in the kitchen , i trudged up the steps to my bedroom . 
 i returned the glock to the drawer and lay down on top of the covers , bracing myself for the tsunami of despair to consume me . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to cry , but the pain was too intense , too surreal . 
 could this have been a new nightmare ? 
 maybe i walked down there in my sleep and banged my head . 
 dreamed a f ** ked-up dream . 
 that is a possibility . 
 hold on to that . 
 she 's sleeping . 
 i could call her now and wake her up . 
 she 'll answer the phone , peeved at my rudeness . 
 but she 'll answer the phone , and that 's all that matters . 
 in darkness , i reached for the phone and dialed my mother 's number . 
 it rang and rang . 
 18 on a cold , clear halloween morning , the world watched washington , d.c. , as city police , fbi , secret service , and a myriad of media swarmed the white house . 
 it had begun before dawn . 
 at 4:30 a.m. , a jogger running down east street noticed a pile of cardboard boxes stacked in the frosty grass of the ellipse , close to the site of the national christmas tree . 
 upon returning home , she called 911 . 
 by the time the police arrived , the secret service was already on the scene , and suspicion immediately arose that the boxes might contain explosives . 
 so the president was flown to a safe location , the white house staff evacuated , and the quarter-mile stretch of east street behind the white house occluded . 
 in washington , bad news travels fast . 
 by eight o'clock , local and network news crews were camped along the perimeter that the police had established two hundred yards from the boxes . 
 the story broke on every news channel in the country , so by nine o'clock , as a bomb-squad robot rolled toward the portentous heap of cardboard boxes , the world was watching . 
 for two hours , cameras zoomed in on technicians in bomb-resistant suits as they utilized the robot and x-ray unit to investigate each cardboard box . 
 when a box had been cleared , it was set inside an armored truck . 
 each was opened , but the cameras were too far away to determine what , if anything , was inside . 
 there were at least a dozen boxes , and the bomb squad treated each one as if it contained a nuclear bomb . 
 their precision made the task tedious , and eleven o'clock had passed before the last box was cleared and the armored truck drove away . 
 speculation began . 
 what was inside the boxes if not a bomb ? 
 a hoax ? 
 an assassination attempt on the president ? 
 rumors and unconfirmed reports swirled through the coverage until a statement was issued by the fbi at 1:30 as east street reopened . 
 special agent harold trent addressed the nation of reporters , speaking into a cluster of microphones , the back side of the white house visible behind him beneath the late october sky . 
 twelve boxes , most between one and three cubic feet in volume , had been taken into possession by the fbi . 
 no explosive devices had been found . 
 inside each box was what appeared to be a human heart and a corresponding name . 
 the reporters fired questions : were the names those of real people ? 
 would the names be released ? 
 were there any suspects ? 
 why were the boxes left near the white house ? 
 agent trent refused to theorize . 
 the investigation had only begun , and a special fbi task force would be assembled to work with state and local police until the person or persons responsible had been taken into custody . 
 agent trent took a deep breath , his exhaustion already evident on the screen that transported his image into my living room . 
 he looked into the cameras and spoke words that would be repeatedly broadcast as sound bites in the coming days . 
 `` there 's a long road ahead of us , '' he said . 
 `` it 'll take some time to verify if these are actually the hearts of missing persons or known murder victims . 
 i pray it 's not the case , but this appears to be the work of a serial murderer . 
 and if it is , he 'll continue to kill until he 's caught . '' 
 the sturdy black agent walked away from the microphones as reporters shouted questions that he ignored . 
 the nation was captivated , and the media fueled its obsession . 
 rampant speculation ignited as the country fell in love with its own fear . 
 even before the fbi confirmed that the hearts represented actual murders , the media had conceived and birthed a monster . 
 to the dismay of doctors , they would call him `` the heart surgeon , '' the professional title marred from that day forward . 
 no one could say the words without provoking images of fbi agents and the washington , d.c. , bomb squad loading cardboard boxes , the work of a madman , into an armored truck . 
 how strange it felt to be the only one who knew . 
 19 mist whipped my face as my boat crawled toward the middle of the lake . 
 i could hear nothing over the gurgling clatter of the outboard motor mounted to the stern of my leaky rowboat . 
 the evening sky threatened rain as i glided across the leaden chop , scanning the empty lake for walter 's boat . 
 a half mile out from my pier , i cut the motor . 
 the cold , darkening silence closed in on me , and i wondered if i 'd make it home before the rain set in . 
 though i despised coming out on the lake , i could n't speak to walter in my house anymore without fear that orson was eavesdropping . 
 i heard the groan of walter 's boat before i saw it . 
 my nerves took over , and i regretted not having knocked back several stiff drinks to facilitate what i had to tell him . 
 walter pulled his equally powerless rowboat beside mine , tossed over a rope , and i tied us together . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 he asked when he 'd killed the motor . 
 `` you see the news ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he pulled a pack of marlboro lights from his brown raincoat and slid a cigarette into his mouth . 
 from a pocket on my blue raincoat , i tossed him a butane cigar lighter . 
 `` thanks , '' he said , blowing a puff of smoke out of the corner of his mouth and throwing the lighter back to me . 
 `` the media 's tickled pink , '' he said . 
 `` you can see it in their ambitious little faces . 
 i 'll bet they blew their load when they got the tip . '' 
 `` think they were tipped , huh ? '' 
 `` oh , whoever planted those boxes knew exactly what they were doing . 
 probably called a dozen newspapers and tv stations after the drop . 
 i 'll bet he told them there was a bomb behind the white house . 
 then that jogger called nine-one-one , confirming the story , and boom ... media frenzy . '' 
 walter took a long drag from his cigarette and spoke as the smoke curled from his mouth . 
 `` yeah , the only person happier about those hearts than the press is the sick f ** k who left them there . 
 he 's probably sitting in front of a tv right now , jacking off , watching the nation drool over his - '' `` it 's orson , '' i said . 
 walter took in a mouthful of smoke , attempting to look unfazed . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 he asked , coughing a little as he exhaled . 
 `` he keeps the hearts . 
 in his cabin in wyoming , there was a freezer full of them . 
 they 're his trophies , his little keepsakes . '' 
 `` andy ... '' `` just listen for a minute , walter . '' 
 a gust banged our boats together , and a raindrop hit my face . 
 how do you tell a man you 've endangered his wife and children ? 
 `` the thing in washington , '' i said , `` is small potatoes . 
 my mother 's dead . 
 orson strangled her last night . 
 he videotaped it ... it 's ... '' i stopped to steady myself . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 but i think i 've put you in danger . '' 
 his head tilted questioningly . 
 `` i do n't know how , but orson knows or suspects that i told you about the desert . '' 
 `` oh christ . '' 
 walter flicked his cigarette into the water , and it hissed as he put his face into his hands . 
 `` i should never have told you anything about - '' `` you 're goddamn right you should n't have . '' 
 `` look - '' `` what did he say ? '' 
 `` walter - '' `` what the f ** k did he say ? '' 
 his voice rang out across the lake . 
 a fish splashed in the water nearby . 
 `` the exact words are n't - '' `` fuck you . '' 
 he wiped the tears from his face . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` did he mention my family ? '' 
 tears , the first of the day , streamed from my eyes as i nodded . 
 `` he mentioned my family ? '' 
 walter hyperventilated . 
 `` i am so - '' `` how could you let this happen , andy ? '' 
 `` i did n't mean - '' `` what did your brother say ? 
 i want to know each word , each syllable , verbatim , and i dare you to say exact words are n't important . 
 tell me ! '' 
 `` he said because i ca n't keep my mouth shut ... '' i closed my eyes . 
 i want to die . 
 `` finish it ! '' 
 `` he was considering having a friend of his come visit you . 
 and your ` beautiful family . ' '' 
 walter looked back toward his pier and his house , concealed behind the orange leaves . 
 it was drizzling now , so i pulled up the hood of my rain jacket . 
 an inch of water had collected in my boat . 
 `` who 's his friend ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` is this - '' he started to hyperventilate again . 
 `` walter , i 'm gon na take care of this . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na kill orson . '' 
 `` so you do know where he is ? '' 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 `` tip the fbi . '' 
 `` no . 
 orson can still send me to prison . 
 i 'm not going to prison . '' 
 our boats rocked on the rough water . 
 i felt queasy . 
 `` if i find orson , '' i said , `` will you come with me ? '' 
 `` to help you kill him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he guffawed sardonically . 
 `` is this real ? 
 i mean , are you off your rocker ? '' 
 `` feels that way . '' 
 the drizzle had become rain . 
 i shivered . 
 `` i have to get home , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got ta take john david and jenna trick-or-treating . '' 
 `` will you come with me ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` take a wild guess . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` no . 
 no , you do n't . 
 you do n't understand anything . '' 
 he started to cry again , but he managed to hold himself together for another moment . 
 `` let 's get something straight , all right ? 
 do n't call me . 
 do n't come to my house . 
 do n't e-mail me . 
 do n't think about me . 
 do n't do one goddamn thing that would make this monster think we 're friends . 
 we clear ? '' 
 `` yes , walter . 
 i want you to - '' `` do n't you say another word to me . 
 give me the rope . '' 
 i untied our rowboats and cast the end of the rope to him . 
 he cranked the outboard motor and chugged away , making a wide circle back toward his pier . 
 it was nearly dark , and the rain fell steadily and hard into the lake . 
 i started the motor and pressed on toward my pier . 
 were the safety of walter and his family not in question , i would have been heading home to kill myself . 
 20 the walls of my office consist almost entirely of windows , and because the room juts out from the rest of my house into the trees , i feel as though i spend my hours writing in a piedmont forest . 
 my desk is pushed against the largest wall of glass , facing the forest , so that nothing but an occasional doe or gray fox distracts me from my work . 
 i ca n't even see the lake from my desk , and this is by design , because the water mesmerizes me and would only steal my time . 
 books abound , stacked on disorganized shelves and lying in piles on the floor . 
 in one corner , there 's an intimidating stack of manuscripts from fans and blurb-seekers . 
 a mammoth dictionary lounges across a lectern , perennially open . 
 there 's even a display case , which holds first editions and translations of my novels , standing on one side of the door ; a small gold frame enclosing a mounted photocopy of my first , meager royalty check hangs on the other . 
 staring into the black forest as streams of rain meandered down the glass , i sat at my desk , waiting for the web page to load . 
 this would be the fifth college web site i 'd checked . 
 i was focusing my search on the history departments of schools in new hampshire and vermont , but as the doors closed one after another , i 'd begun to wonder if that cowboy 's memory was n't askew . 
 franklin pierce , keene state , the university of new hampshire , and plymouth had given me nothing . 
 maybe dave parker was orson bullshit . 
 when the home page for woodside college had loaded , i clicked on `` departments , '' then `` history , '' and finally `` faculty of the history department -lrb- alphabetical listing -rrb- . '' 
 waiting on the server , i glanced at the clock on my desk : 7:55 p.m. . 
 she 's been dead twenty-four hours . 
 did you just leave her in that filthy basement ? 
 with his gig in washington , i could n't imagine that orson had gone to the trouble to take our mother with him . 
 depositing her body outside of the house would have been time-consuming and risky . 
 besides , my mother was a loner , and she 'd sometimes go days without contacting a soul . 
 my god , she could lie in that basement a week before someone finds her . 
 the police would have to notify me . 
 i had n't even given consideration to reporting her murder , because for all i knew , orson had framed me again . 
 matricide . 
 it seems unnatural even among the animals . 
 i could n't begin to wonder why . 
 i was operating on numbness again . 
 at the top of the web page listing faculty was a short paragraph that bragged about the sheer brilliance and abundant qualifications of the fourteen professors who constituted the history department . 
 i scanned that , then scrolled down the list . 
 son of a bitch . 
 `` dr. david l. parker , '' the entry read . 
 though his name was hyperlinked , his page would n't load when i clicked on it . 
 is that you ? 
 did i just find you because of one short exchange with a stoned wyoming cowboy ? 
 the doorbell startled me . 
 i was not expecting company . 
 picking up my pistol from the desk -lrb- i carried it with me everywhere now -rrb- , i walked through the long hallway that separated my office from the kitchen and the rest of the house . 
 passing through the living room , i turned right into the foyer , chambered the first round , and stopped at an opaque oval window beside the door . 
 the doorbell rang again . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` trick-or-treat ! '' 
 children 's voices . 
 lowering the gun , i shoved it into the waistband at the back of my damp jeans . 
 because my house stood alone on ten acres of forest , at the end of a long driveway , trick-or-treaters rarely ventured to my door . 
 i had n't even bought candy for them this year . 
 i opened the door . 
 a little masked boy dressed up as zorro pointed a gun at me . 
 his sister was an angel-a small white bathrobe , cardboard wings , and a halo of silver tinsel . 
 a calamitous-faced man in a brown raincoat stood behind them , holding an umbrella-walter . 
 why are you - `` give me candy or i 'll shootcha , '' john david said . 
 the four-year-old 's blond hair poked out from under the black bandanna . 
 his mask was crooked , so that he could see through only one of the eyeholes , but he maintained the disguise . 
 `` i 'll shootcha , '' he warned again , and before i could speak , he pulled the trigger . 
 as the plastic hammer clicked again and again , i cringed with the impact of each bullet . 
 stumbling back into the foyer , i dropped to my knees . 
 `` why , john david , why ? '' 
 i gasped , holding my belly as i crumpled down onto the floor , careful that my glock did n't fall out . 
 john david giggled . 
 `` look , dad , i got him . 
 i 'm a go see if he 's dead . '' 
 `` no , j.d. , '' walter said as i resurrected . 
 `` do n't go in the house . '' 
 i walked back to the door , caught walter 's eyes , and looked down at the seven-year-old angel . 
 `` you look beautiful , jenna , '' i said . 
 `` did you make your costume ? '' 
 `` at school today i did , '' she said . 
 `` you like my wand ? '' 
 she held up a long pixie stick with a glittery cardboard star glued to the end . 
 `` take a walk with us , '' walter said . 
 `` i left the car by the mailbox . '' 
 `` let me see if i can find some candy for - '' he rustled the trash bag in his right hand . 
 `` they 've got plenty of candy . 
 come on . '' 
 i put on a pair of boots , grabbed a jacket and an umbrella from the coat closet , and locked the door behind me as i stepped outside . 
 the four of us walked down the sidewalk , and when we reached the driveway , walter handed his umbrella to jenna . 
 `` sweetie , i want you and j.d. to walk a little ahead of us , okay ? '' 
 `` why , daddy ? '' 
 `` i have to talk to uncle andy . '' 
 she took the umbrella . 
 `` you have to come with me , j.d. , '' she said , bossing her brother . 
 `` nooooo ! '' 
 `` go with her , son . 
 we 'll be right behind you . '' 
 jenna rushed on ahead , and john david ran after her and ducked under the umbrella . 
 they laughed , their small buoyant voices filling the woods . 
 his toy gun fired three times . 
 walter stepped under my umbrella , and we started up the drive , the tall loblollies on either side of us . 
 i waited for him to speak as the rain drummed on the canopy . 
 the night smelled of wet pine . 
 `` beth 's packing , '' he whispered . 
 `` she 's taking the kids away . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` i told her not to tell me . '' 
 `` she knows about - '' `` no . 
 she knows the children are in danger . 
 that 's all she needs to know . '' 
 `` stoppit ! '' 
 john david yelled at his sister . 
 `` kids ! '' 
 walter shouted gruffly . 
 `` behave . '' 
 `` dad , jenna - '' `` i do n't wan na hear it , son . '' 
 i wondered where walter 's anger toward me had gone . 
 `` do you really know where he is , andy ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` i 've got a possible alias in new england . 
 now , i ca n't be sure until i get there , but i think it 's him . '' 
 `` so you 're definitely going ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he stopped and faced me . 
 `` you 're going there to kill him ? 
 to put him in a hole somewhere , where no one 's ever gon na find him ? '' 
 `` that 's the plan . '' 
 `` and you have no compunctions about killing your own brother ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 we started walking again . 
 i had an awful premonition . 
 `` you 've called the police , have n't you ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you told them about orson . '' 
 `` no , andy . '' 
 `` but you 're going to . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` come here , jenna ! '' 
 walter hollered . 
 his children turned around and ran back to us , their umbrella so low , i could n't see them . 
 walter took his umbrella from jenna and lifted it up . 
 `` jenna , show uncle andy the tattoo you got at school . '' 
 `` oh yeah ! '' 
 she said , remembering . 
 `` look , andy , is n't it cool ? '' 
 jenna raised the sleeve of her robe and held up the delicate underside of her right forearm . 
 my knees weakened . 
 in pink magic marker , scribbled from her elbow to her tiny wrist : w-shhhh . 
 o i looked up at walter . 
 his eyes flooded . 
 `` all right , kids . '' 
 he smiled through it . 
 `` here . 
 go on ahead now . 
 let us talk . '' 
 jenna took the umbrella and she and john david ran ahead as we continued on , the mailbox not far ahead . 
 `` she had it when she came home from school , '' walter said . 
 `` beth noticed it when they were putting on her costume . 
 fuckin ' teacher did n't know anything about it . 
 jenna said a nice man was drawing tattoos on all the kids at their halloween carnival . 
 she had n't seen him before . '' 
 `` jesus , walter . 
 i am - '' `` i do n't want your apologies or your pity , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm going with you . 
 that 's what i came to tell you . 
 we 're gon na bury orson together . '' 
 the kids had reached the white cadillac . 
 we stopped ten feet from the end of the driveway and walter turned to me . 
 `` so when are you leaving ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a day or two . 
 i 've got ta go before my mother 's discovered . '' 
 his eyes softened . 
 `` andy , i want you to know that i am s - '' `` and i do n't need your pity , '' i said . 
 `` it wo n't help either of us do what we have to do . '' 
 he nodded and looked over his shoulder at jenna and john david . 
 the umbrella cast aside , they were throwing gravel from the driveway at my mailbox , and coming nowhere close to hitting it . 
 21 the eve of my departure for vermont was our thirty-fifth birthday , and orson mailed me a handmade card . 
 on the front , he 'd designed a collage out of photographs , all taken in the sickly orange light of his shed . 
 there was a head shot of shirley tanner 's boot-bruised face ; a full body shot of jeff in a hole in the desert ; wilbur on red plastic from the waist up-inside out . 
 below the colorful collage , scrawled in orson 's unmistakable hand : what do you get for the guy who has it all ? 
 on the inside he 'd written , not a goddamn thing . 
 a big happy birthday from shirley and the gang . 
 woodside is a foothill community in midwestern vermont , isolated from the major cities of the north by the green mountains in the east and new york 's adirondacks in the west . 
 on an autumn day , it 's quintessential american countryside , breathtaking in its open vistas of rolling hills , endless mountain chains , and a quaint college town tucked into a vale . 
 according to the gas station attendant , we were three weeks late . 
 then the forests had been burning with the brightest color in thirty years . 
 now , the leaves brown and dead , few remained on the trees , and the blue sky gleamed awkwardly against the winter bleakness of the countryside . 
 vermont in november smacked of the same stiff beauty as dolling up a corpse for its wake . 
 beyond the outskirts of woodside , on the fringe of the green mountains , walter and i approached the inn . 
 heading up a long , curving driveway , i saw a large white house perched halfway up the mountain . 
 there was movement on its wraparound porch-empty rocking chairs swaying in a raw breeze . 
 walter pulled his cadillac into the gravel parking lot adjacent to the sallow lawn behind the house . 
 there were only seven other cars , and i felt relieved to be outside of orson 's town . 
 we 'd almost stayed at a motel in downtown woodside because of its proximity to the college campus , but the risk of running into orson was too great . 
 hauling our suitcases up the front porch steps , we collapsed into a pair of rockers . 
 the mountainside fell away from where we sat for a thousand feet , and the late-afternoon sun shone on the forest of bare trees in the valley below . 
 naked branches moved with the breeze , and i imagined that three weeks ago the sound of chattering leaves had filled the air . 
 across the valley , which extended twenty miles west , i could see into new york state , and the grander mountains of the adirondacks that stood there . 
 wood smoke scented the forest , and sitting in the cold , listening and watching , i sensed walter 's restiveness . 
 after a moment , he said , `` it 's too cold to sit out here . 
 i 'll check us in . '' 
 he stood up and lifted his suitcase off the porch . 
 `` you just gon na sit there ? '' 
 he asked , walking toward the door . 
 `` yep . '' 
 our room was at the end of a creaky hallway on the second floor . 
 there were two double beds , placed on opposite sides of the room , a dormer window between them , from which you could view the mountains . 
 the ceiling slanted up on both sides and met in a straight line , which bisected the room . 
 two paisley love seats faced each other in the center of the hardwood floor , a squat square coffee table between them . 
 for seventy-five dollars a night , it was a lovely room . 
 there were even fresh irises in glass vases on each bedside table . 
 they made the room smell like an arbor . 
 walter sat on his bed , unpacking his clothes , and i lay on mine , my suitcase still unopened on the floor . 
 voices moved through the walls , and i heard the hollow clack of footsteps ascending the staircase . 
 someone knocked . 
 crossing the room , i stopped at the door . 
 there was no peephole , so i asked , `` who is it ? '' 
 `` melody terrence . '' 
 i opened the door to a striking longhaired brunette , far too young and pretty to be an innkeeper . 
 `` hi there , '' i said . 
 `` you guys settling in all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we sure are . '' 
 `` well , i just came to let you know that we 're serving dinner in thirty minutes , if you 're interested . 
 danny forgot to put the sign up again . '' 
 `` thanks for the invitation . '' 
 `` will you be joining us ? 
 there 's a cozy dining room downstairs , and danny 's been smoking a bird all day . 
 we 'll have fresh vegetables , homemade biscuits - '' `` it sounds wonderful , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll see you there . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 she smiled and walked down the hall to the next room . 
 i closed the door . 
 walter had placed a stack of shirts into a drawer , and , slamming it , he looked up at me , smoldering . 
 `` you call yourself a crime writer ? 
 think we should go down and meet all the guests ? 
 what if someone recognizes you , andy ? 
 if it ever got out that orson , the heart surgeon '' - he whispered the infamous title - `` was your brother , and lived in woodside , someone could put two and two together . 
 they might remember that you were here in vermont around the same time david parker disappeared . 
 and , you know , that 's all it 'd take to put the fbi on our ass . '' 
 walter moved into the dormer . 
 his back turned , he looked into the woods , dark now that the sun had set . 
 if the moon was up , it had yet to rise above the mountains and spread its meek light . 
 i moved across the room to my friend . 
 `` walter , '' i said , but he did n't turn around . 
 `` what ? 
 you scared ? '' 
 `` we ca n't f ** k anything up , '' he said . 
 `` not one thing . '' 
 staring out into the vermont night , the foreign darkness lodged a splinter of homesickness in my heart . 
 a child again , i acknowledged the nostalgic pain , and then it passed . 
 `` thank you for coming , '' i said , my hand on his shoulder . 
 `` you did n't have to do this , walter . 
 i 'm never gon na forget it . '' 
 he turned back and faced me . 
 `` it has nothing to do with you , '' he said . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 on a cold , cloudy thursday , at eleven o'clock in the morning , i parked walter 's cadillac in downtown woodside and set out at a keen pace for the campus . 
 two - and three-story buildings lined both sides of the street , which was quite busy for a small town . 
 people filled the sidewalks , sitting on benches , gliding along on rollerblades , on gazing into storefront windows . 
 most were students , and they vivified the town , easily identifiable by their backpacks and the unbridled , merry apathy in their faces . 
 i passed a drugstore , the woodside general store , the valley cafe , several apparel stores , and a coffee shop called beans n ' bagels , in front of which , canopied tables cluttered the sidewalk . 
 it was the liveliest store by far , brimming with caffeine junkies and quirky music . 
 the rich smell of roasted coffee beans mingled with the air outside the open vestibule . 
 i would 've bought myself a cup had i not downed two at the woodside inn , where walter still slept in our room , drained from the previous day of driving . 
 the buildings ended , but the sidewalk continued from the downtown toward the wooded campus . 
 i could now see the mountains that surrounded the town , the highest slopes already white with early snow . 
 i wondered how many students had skipped classes for a day of skiing . 
 a steely wind made my eyes water and i zipped my leather jacket all the way up to my chin and dug my hands into the warm pockets . 
 a brick walkway veered off from the main sidewalk toward a group of brick buildings . 
 heading up the walkway , i reached a hexagonal white gazebo within several minutes . 
 it appeared to stand in the exact center of campus , as most of the buildings , each not more than forty yards away , surrounded it . 
 plaques had been nailed to each side of the gazebo , engraved with woodside college , est. 1800 . '' 
 i passed beneath the portico of a stone-columned building , the largest of the ten or so in the vicinity , and walked up the steps . 
 a great clock surmounted the roof , surrounded by scaffolding , its black hands stuck suspiciously on 4:20 . 
 inside , the building was dim and stale . 
 the floor was constructed of burnished marble , and the walls of the foyer , wooden and intricately carved , were adorned with large portraits of former deans , founders , and dead professors . 
 a life-size statue stood in the center of the circular room , staring vacuously at me . 
 i did n't stop to see who he was . 
 glass double doors led into the office of the university registrar . 
 i caught my reflection as i pushed them open-my hair and recent beard now brown , a pair of wire-framed spectacles on the bridge of my nose . 
 in jeans and wearing a faded denim shirt under my jacket , i looked nothing like myself . 
 in the bright windowless room , there were several open cubicles , each holding a desk and portioned off from the cubicle next to it . 
 i walked to the closest one , where a woman typed fervidly on a computer . 
 she looked up from the screen and smiled as i approached . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i sat down in the chair before her desk . 
 the constant pecking of fingers on keyboards would 've driven me insane . 
 `` i need a campus map , a class directory for this semester , and a campus phone book . '' 
 she opened a filing cabinet and withdrew a booklet and a blue pamphlet . 
 `` here 's a map and here 's the phone book , '' she said , setting the items on her tidy desk . 
 `` i 'll have to get a class directory from the closet . '' 
 she walked across the room , mumbling something to another secretary as she passed . 
 i opened the phone book . 
 it was only fifty pages thick , with the faculty listings in the first ten pages and those of the two thousand students in the remaining forty . 
 i thumbed through it to the p 's . 
 i skipped over the entries for page and paine , then spotted `` parker , david l. '' the information given beneath the name was sparse-only an office number-gerard 209-and a corresponding phone number . 
 the woman returned and handed me a directory of classes . 
 `` here you are , sir . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 are the students in class today ? '' 
 i asked , rising . 
 she shook her head doubtfully . 
 `` they 're supposed to be , '' she said , `` but this is the first cold snap of the season , so a fair number probably played hooky to go skiing . '' 
 i thanked her again , then walked out of the office and into the foyer , where i passed three college girls standing in a circle beside the statue , whispering to each other . 
 exiting the building , i walked through snow flurries to the gazebo and sat down on the bench that circumnavigated the interior of the structure . 
 first , i unfolded the map and located gerard hall . 
 i could see it from where i sat , a two-story building that displayed the same charmingly decrepit brick as the others . 
 with hot breath , i warmed my hands , then opened the directory of classes , a thick booklet , its first ten pages crammed with mountains of information regarding registering for classes and buying books . 
 i found an alphabetical listing of the classes and their schedules , and flipping through anthropology , biology , communications , english , and french , stopped finally at the roster of history classes for fall ' 96 . 
 there was a full page of history courses , and i skimmed down the list until i saw his name : it appeared to be the only course he taught , and , glancing at my watch , i realized that it was currently in session . 
 according to the building abbreviation key , hd stood for howard hall . 
 i found it on the blue map . 
 just twenty yards away , it was one of the closest buildings to the gazebo . 
 an apprehensive knocking started in my chest as i looked down the walkway leading to its entrance . 
 before i could dissuade myself , i was walking down the steps , away from the gazebo , heading toward howard hall . 
 to the left of the registrar 's building , it made up the eastern wall of the quasi courtyard surrounding the gazebo . 
 two students smoked on the steps , and i passed them and touched the door , thinking , what if this is n't him ? 
 then i 'll go to prison , and walter and his family will die . 
 as the door closed behind me , i heard his voice . 
 it haunted the first floor of howard hall , its soft-spoken intensity reeling me back to the wyoming desert . 
 i walked slowly on , leaving the foyer , where political notices , ads for roommates , and a host of other flyers papered the walls . 
 in the darker hall , light spilled from one door . 
 i heard a collection of voices , then an outburst of laughter . 
 orson 's voice rose above the rumblings of his students , and i turned right and walked down the hallway , taking care my steps did n't echo off the floor . 
 his voice grew louder , and i could soon understand every word . 
 stopping several feet from the doorway , i leaned against the wall . 
 from the volume of laughter , i approximated the class size at thirty or forty students . 
 orson spoke again , his voice directly across from me on the other side of the wall . 
 though i wanted to run , to hide in a closet or a bathroom stall far from that voice , i remained to listen , trusting he 'd have no reason to step into the hall . 
 `` i want you to put your pens and pencils down , '' he said , and the sound of writing implements falling onto wood engulfed the room . 
 `` to understand history , you have to see it . 
 it 's more than words on a page . 
 it happened . 
 you ca n't ever forget that . 
 put your head on your desk , '' he said . 
 `` everybody . 
 go on . 
 now close your eyes . '' 
 his footsteps approached the door . 
 he flipped a switch , the room went black , and the footsteps trailed away . 
 `` megalomania , '' he said . 
 `` somebody tell me what it means . '' 
 a male voice sounded in the dark . 
 `` delusions of omnipotence . '' 
 `` good , '' orson said . 
 `` it 's a mental disorder , so keep that in mind , too . '' 
 the professor kept silent for half a minute , and the room was still . 
 when he spoke again , his voice had a controlled , musical resonance . 
 `` the year is a.d. thirty-nine , '' he began . 
 `` you 're a roman senator , and you and your wife have been invited to watch the gladiatorial games with the young emperor , gaius caligula . 
 `` during the lunch interlude , as humiliores are executed ad bestias before a rejoicing crowd , caligula stands up , takes your wife by the hand , and leaves with her , escorted by his guards . 
 `` you know exactly what 's happening , and it 's apparent to the other senators , because the same thing has happened to their wives . 
 but you do nothing . 
 you just sit on the stone steps , under the blue , spring sky , watching the lions chase their prey . 
 `` an hour later , gaius returns with your wife . 
 when she sits down beside you , you notice a purple bruise on her face . 
 she 's rattled , her clothes are torn , and she refuses to look at you . 
 there are six other senators who 've been invited along with you , and suddenly you hear caligula speak to them . '' 
 ` her br ** sts are quite small , ' he says , loudly enough for everyone around to hear . 
 ` she 's a sexual bore . 
 i 'd rather watch the lions feed than f ** k her ... again . ' 
 `` he laughs and pats you on the back , and everyone laughs with him . 
 no one contradicts gaius . 
 no one challenges the emperor . 
 it 's pure sycophancy , and you sit there , boiling , wishing you 'd never come . 
 but to speak one word against caligula would be your family 's certain death . 
 it 's best just to keep silent and pray you never receive another invitation . '' 
 orson 's footsteps approached the doorway . 
 i stepped back , but he 'd only come for the lights . 
 the room filled with the sound of students shifting in their seats and reopening notebooks . 
 `` next tuesday , '' he said , `` we 'll talk about caligula . 
 i notice some of your classmates are n't with us today , and that may or may not have something to do with the snowstorm in the mountains last night . '' 
 the class laughed . 
 it was obvious by now that his students adored him . 
 `` there will be a quiz on caligula next tuesday . 
 know the basics . 
 when was he born ? 
 when did he become emperor ? 
 when and how did he die ? 
 read chapter twenty-one in your text , and you should n't have a problem . 
 i think you 'll find him to be one of the most complex , intriguing , yet misunderstood rulers in roman history . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` have a nice weekend . '' 
 i heard notebooks closing and backpacks zipping . 
 then the class seemed to rise all at once and dash for the door . 
 orson would be coming , too . 
 across the hall , a door was ajar . 
 i pushed my way through the students and slipped unseen into a dark , empty classroom . 
 then , peering through the cracked door , i waited for him to emerge . 
 22 orson descended the steps and started down the walkway . 
 i waited inside the foyer of howard hall , watching him through the window beside the door . 
 dressed in a beige wool suit , a red bow tie , and green suspenders , he carried a tan briefcase and wore gold wire-framed glasses . 
 when he was beyond the gazebo , i opened the door and followed him as he strode quickly across campus and disappeared into gerard hall . 
 as i approached his building , the light snow continued . 
 the temperature had dropped as the day progressed , and the sky , only partly overcast this morning , was now completely masked by low gray clouds , which grazed the mountain peaks . 
 gerard hall was one of the smaller buildings on campus-two stories and narrow . 
 its name was incised into the stone pediment above the door . 
 i felt exposed standing out in front of orson 's building in the cold . 
 his office was on the second floor , but he could be anywhere inside , and while from a distance i felt safe , i knew that in proximity , my brother would instantly know my eyes . 
 i sat on the steps for five minutes , until i 'd worked up the nerve to go inside . 
 but as i stood to reach for the door handle footsteps pounded on a hardwood floor , and looking through the window , i saw a figure appear from the hallway . 
 i turned away and leaned against the black railing just as the door opened . 
 i smelled her perfume before i saw her . 
 an older woman , still beautiful , cascaded down the steps in high heels and a black overcoat . 
 her blond hair , streaked with silver , jounced as she walked away on a path leading to the town . 
 i peeked again through the tall , slim window by the door , then , seeing only the empty foyer , pulled the handle and stepped inside . 
 without voices , or fingers on keyboards , the fluorescent lights hummed deafeningly overhead as they shone hard light upon the dusty floor . 
 according to a glass-encased magnetic message board , this was the office building of the history department , and the last names of professors and their respective office numbers were displayed in white lettering behind the glass . 
 looking down the hallway , i saw there were stairwells at both ends . 
 arbitrarily , i turned left and started walking to the stairs , passing four unmarked doors and a janitor 's closet . 
 jazz music poured softly from the second floor . 
 i stopped at the top of the stairwell and looked into the hallway . 
 all the flourescent lights were out save one , which flickered sporadically at the other end . 
 the only constant light emanated from two open and opposing doorways , where voices rose in conversation above a moaning trumpet . 
 in the shadows , i walked toward the first office along the corridor . 
 it was closed , and a brass nameplate affixed to the door read stchykenski 206 . 
 across the hall , someone typed inside of 207 , where light and classical music escaped in slivers beneath the door . 
 on the right side , fifteen feet down the hall , orson 's door stood wide open , the wonder of miles davis 's `` blue in green '' lingering in the doorway . 
 i inched forward until i could see into orson 's empty office , and hear the conversation in the room across from his . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet , '' orson was saying . 
 `` david , there 's no rush . 
 we just need to make the decision before christmas . 
 i think the deadline 's the twenty-first of december . '' 
 `` that 's plenty of time , '' orson said . 
 `` i just want to finish a thorough reading of his publications . 
 i like what i 've seen so far , but i want to be sure , jack . '' 
 `` we all do , '' jack said , `` and right now what i 'm hearing from the others is that dr. harris would fit in nicely . 
 those of us who 've read his work think he 's more than qualified . '' 
 footsteps reverberated in the opposite stairwell , and i backed away . 
 `` damn , '' orson said . 
 `` i 've got to meet with a student . 
 how about lunch tomorrow ? '' 
 `` splendid . '' 
 a chair squeaked , and i ran down the hall . 
 there was a men 's bathroom on my right that i 'd unwittingly passed before , and i slipped inside as orson stepped from jack 's office into the hall . 
 in the dark bathroom , a faucet dripped into the sink . 
 cracking the door , i glanced back into the hallway . 
 orson now stood in the threshold of his office , leaning against the door frame and speaking to a pudgy girl with walnut hair and a pale white face . 
 she wore a backpack on the outside of her yellow rain jacket , and she smiled as orson invited her into his office and shut the door . 
 i let the bathroom door close , immersing myself in darkness . 
 closing my eyes , i took steady breaths until the banging in my chest subsided . 
 suddenly , i remembered-walking up the steps , i 'd seen a red box with the word fire on it . 
 i opened the door . 
 orson 's was still closed , so i ran from the hallway into the stairwell . 
 the fire alarm was mounted on the wall , and i stopped and looked back down the hallway . 
 now the only light came from jack 's office . 
 i pulled the white handle and the alarm screamed . 
 back inside the bathroom , the darkness now riddled with blinking lights , i found my way into a stall and sat down on the toilet . 
 the door opened , someone shouted , and then it closed again , the darkness assuring whoever had entered that the men 's room was vacant . 
 after thirty seconds , i walked to the door . 
 the floor vacated , most of the doors were open now , brightening the hallway considerably . 
 i ran toward 209 as the alarm rang . 
 empty . 
 rushing inside , i shut the door behind me and moved to the window . 
 outside , a crowd was gathering at the building 's entrance , people staring up in wonder , looking for the smoke . 
 it was snowing hard now , sticking to the grass , melting on the brick . 
 i wondered how long it 'd take the fire department to arrive . 
 there were no filing cabinets . 
 i opened the bottom right-hand drawer of the desk and found it stuffed with graded papers and tests . 
 the drawer above it overflowed with supplies-pens , pencils , several legal pads . 
 two roll books and two packs of note cards filled the drawer in the center , and the left-hand drawers were both empty . 
 no trophies . 
 no photographs . 
 but this did not surprise me . 
 he was too careful to keep them here . 
 i 'd known it , but i had to check . 
 a monitor , processor , and keyboard stood separately on the floor-an old tandy 1000 with the letters and numbers worn completely off the keys . 
 there was a bookshelf on either side of the window . 
 i glanced at the titles but found nothing peculiar . 
 they were history texts , most on ancient rome and greece . 
 a poster of athens and a framed photograph of orson standing in the coliseum hung on the wall in front of his desk . 
 a stack of unopened envelopes lay on top of his desk , and i picked them up . 
 of the four , three had been addressed to his school office , the other to 617 jennings road , woodside , vermont . 
 yes . 
 grabbing a pen and a sheet of paper from the supply drawer , i copied down the address . 
 then i looked through the drawers once more to make sure i had n't disturbed anything . 
 orson would know . 
 the fire alarm stopped ringing . 
 stuffing his address in my pocket , i opened the door . 
 though still quiet in this hall , there were firemen on the floor below-i could hear their shouting and heavy footsteps . 
 rushing to the stairwell on the right , i looked down , then , seeing nothing , descended the steps . 
 at the bottom , i saw two firemen in the first-floor hallway disappear into different rooms . 
 there was an exit at the side of the building , and i bolted for the door and sprinted down stone steps into snowy grass . 
 after fifty yards , i slowed to a walk , and glancing over my shoulder , saw the people still waiting in front of the building , orson among them . 
 the snow had let up and was now falling in big downy flakes . 
 exhilarated , i walked through frosted grass back toward the town . 
 walter and i still had to dig orson 's hole before dark . 
 23 we waited until 6:30 , when the cloudy sky darkened into slate . 
 i drove the cadillac onto 116 , a lonely stretch of highway that shot through the wilderness between woodside and bristol . 
 little snow remained in the valley now . 
 the temperature had hovered in the upper thirties throughout the evening , melting the half inch of wet snow that had fallen in the early afternoon . 
 pines blitzed by on both sides of the road . 
 i could smell them even from inside the car-a clean , bitter scent . 
 we passed several picnic areas and a campground , all part of the green mountain national forest . 
 but i wanted land where people never walked . 
 the campgrounds were empty now , and their trails offered easy access to the woods . 
 but if the weather turned warm again , which undoubtedly it would do before the ground froze for the winter , people would flock to these trails , some with dogs . 
 i did n't have the time or energy to dig that deep a hole . 
 i 'd been driving for ten minutes when the shoulder widened to two car lengths . 
 slowing down , i swerved off the road , and the tires slid to a stop in the muddy grass . 
 i turned off the engine and the headlights and looked through the windshield and the rearview mirror . 
 the highway stretched on , dark and empty . 
 `` you think this spot is safe ? '' 
 walter asked . 
 `` safe as any , '' i said , pulling the keys from the ignition . 
 i opened the door and stepped down into the cold , wet grass . 
 the sound of our doors slamming resounded through the woods . 
 opening the trunk , we each took a shovel and a pair of leather gloves to keep our hands from going numb . 
 i led us back into the trees . 
 we did n't go far , because it 'd be difficult to find this place on a moonless night . 
 we 'd be carrying orson , and stumbling through the woods with him would be hard enough . 
 the white pines dripped snowmelt , and within moments , i was shivering and miserable , thinking of the fireplace at the woodside inn . 
 forty yards in , i stopped . 
 the trees grew so close to one another that the highway was now invisible . 
 i drew an arrow in the pine needles , pointing toward the road . 
 if we somehow became disoriented in the forest , we could wander out here all night looking for the highway . 
 `` let 's dig , '' i said , motioning to a level space between the trees . 
 i stabbed my shovel through the pine needles , and it cut into the moist earth below . 
 the work was initially difficult because we were cold , but the exertion soon drew sweat . 
 in no time , i could feel only the biting chill in my ruddy cheeks . 
 we traced the outline first . 
 then we began to dig , and with the two of us working , we 'd soon gone two feet down . 
 when i thought it was sufficiently deep , i lay in the hole and walter measured how far an animal would have to dig to reach me : there 'd be a foot of earth between orson and the forest floor . 
 i climbed out and brushed the dirt from my jeans , now damp and mud-streaked . 
 walter leaned against the trunk of a red spruce and lit a cigarette . 
 in the blue dusk , there was no detail in his face , but i could tell that he stared at me strangely , the tobacco cinder glowing and fading . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , but he shook his head . 
 `` no , what is it ? '' 
 i 'd begun to shiver again . 
 `` we 're actually going to kill a man . '' 
 `` not a man , walter . 
 the man who 's threatened to sic a psychopath on your family . '' 
 `` you might not be scared , andy , but i 'm shitting my pants . 
 i hardly slept last night . 
 i ca n't stop thinking that a million things could go wrong tomorrow . 
 he could escape . 
 kill us . 
 he might even know we 're here . 
 you considered that ? 
 he 's a psychopath , and we 're f ** king with him . '' 
 a twig snapped in the distance . 
 `` are n't you doing this for your family ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` think about them when you 're scared . 
 what it 'll feel like to see the animal who threatened jenna bleeding in that hole . '' 
 the woods had become unnervingly dark . 
 `` it may get rough tomorrow , '' i said . 
 `` we may have to ... do things to him if he wo n't tell us what we need to know . 
 you up for that ? '' 
 `` i will be . '' 
 walter started in the direction of the highway . 
 i picked up my shovel and followed him , counting the steps from orson 's grave to the edge of the forest . 
 when we emerged from the trees , the highway was silent , and a cold fog was descended from the high country . 
 i could only see a hundred yards down the road now-beyond , an impenetrable black mist . 
 i left my shovel leaning against the largest pine tree i could find . 
 we would need some marker to find this place at night . 
 as we climbed back into the car and the interior lights came on and the seat belt warning beeped , something sank inside of me . 
 walter was wrong . 
 perhaps the foggy dusk intensified it , but i was afraid . 
 driving back toward the inn , my hands trembled as they gripped the steering wheel . 
 i wondered in the back of my mind if i could do it . 
 in spite of everything he 'd done , orson was my brother . 
 my twin . 
 there was a bond . 
 walter and i did n't speak . 
 i imagined our silence might be analogous to that which develops between soldiers who have a bloody task ahead of them . 
 no place for superficial chatter . 
 only an intense focus on the coming hours , and mental preparation to do a horrible thing . 
 24 friday , early afternoon , as the sun reached its apogee and crossed into the western sky , my bed resembled a small arsenal : my subcompact .40 glock ; walter 's full-size .45 ; two boxes of remington .40 - caliber 180-grain semijacketed hollow-points ; two boxes of remington .45 - caliber 185-grain semijacketed hollow-points ; two extra magazines for each handgun ; a pair of amherst rs446 walkie-talkies ; eighteen vials of benzodiazepines ; one vial of antidote ; three hypodermic needles ; latex gloves ; leather gloves ; a penlight ; handcuffs ; and two mechanic 's suits i 'd purchased from an army-navy surplus store in davidson . 
 the benzodiazepines had been tricky to come by . 
 walter 's mother-in-law suffered from a panic disorder , and among the sundry medications she stockpiled was a medium-acting sedative called ativan . 
 he 'd helped himself to thirteen 1-ml vials . 
 according to our on-line research , this would be sufficient to keep orson sedated for a couple of days if need be . 
 the downside , however , was that the onset of ativan took upward of twenty minutes , and i needed something that could knock orson down in less than two . 
 so i 'd done a very bad thing . 
 horror writers get away with murder in the pursuit of realism , and over the years , i 'd befriended attorneys , detectives , and professionals in various fields , all of whom had graciously consulted with me on the accuracy of my novels . 
 the investigative and courtroom procedures in my stories are religiously unerring . 
 i always get the gun right . 
 a coroner friend of mine even let me sit in on an autopsy , just so i could nail the olfactory experience in the opening chapter of my latest book . 
 there 's a vignette in blue murder where the protagonist steals drugs from a hospital . 
 so in the course of my research for the book , i 'd asked my doctor , `` if you wanted to steal narcotics from a hospital , how would you do it ? '' 
 writers can ask these questions , and no one suspects their motives because `` it 's for the book , '' and they show up in the acknowledgments . 
 he told me exactly what to do , and goddamn if he was n't right . 
 his advice : `` raid the recovery room . 
 it does n't matter if the narcotics are locked up , as long as the keys are left in drawers that are n't . 
 pray for incompetent nurses . 
 know where the cameras are . 
 acquire a janitor 's uniform , and stay busy long enough to see where the keys to the narcotics cabinet are kept . '' 
 thanks to careless , unobservant nurses in the recovery room , two days before we left for woodside , i walked out of mercy hospital in charlotte , north carolina , with five 1-ml vials of the short-acting benzodiazepine , versed . 
 used for sedation in surgical procedures , when administered intravenously , it can render someone unconscious inside of ninety seconds . 
 unfortunately , it also has the potential to induce respiratory depression , so i 'd stolen a vial of its antidote , flumazenil , as well . 
 in addition to my larceny , i 'd extensively researched intravenous and intramuscular injection . 
 i knew the dosages and monographs for ativan and versed . 
 i 'd done my homework , had reliable firearms , and a well-devised plan . 
 as walter and i sat on opposite love seats , pushing the brass-shelled hollow-points into the magazines , a calmness settled upon me . 
 we 're actually doing it , i thought . 
 who does this kind of thing ? 
 pretty f ** king gutsy . 
 it 'd make one hell of a book . 
 while walter took a catnap , i went downstairs . 
 dirty dishes and empty wine bottles cluttered the dining room table-casualties of lunch . 
 i walked back into the kitchen and asked the chef if he would make me a turkey sandwich . 
 he did n't want to . 
 lunch had already been served . 
 but reluctantly , he agreed and said i could wait by the fire . 
 i sat down in a rocking chair . 
 in the brick hearth , a fire was in the process of burning out . 
 i imagined it had been blazing in the early-morning hours , before the dusting of snow had melted , as other guests planned their day . 
 it still warmed the snug sitting area , though now halfheartedly . 
 as i waited , i stared at the only remaining log . 
 it glowed underneath , the embers slowly eating it away , turning the wood to ash and smoke . 
 in the nearby lounge , a tv blared . 
 i heard the voice of agent trent , discussing recent developments in the search for the heart surgeon . 
 a couple walking by on their way to the front door glanced curiously at my outfit . 
 a gray one-piece mechanic 's suit was anomalous attire for this upscale inn . 
 jennings road branched left off of main street , a mile beyond the college . 
 leafless sugar maples and birches shielded the road from the sky as it climbed a hillside . 
 there were mounds of leaves along the sides of the road . 
 i pictured them in full , fiery color , littered across the street and through the lawns , turning this small new england neighborhood into a mystical universe all its own . 
 near the top of the hill , on a black mailbox in slanted white numbers , i saw 617 . 
 walter slowed the car , but i told him to drive casually by and park a ways up the street . 
 as we continued on , i gazed at orson 's home , disbelieving i 'd actually found it . 
 from the outside , it was modestly elegant . 
 a white two-story house , with dormer windows protruding from the second floor , larger bay windows from the first . 
 a split-rail fence enclosed the front lawn , and flowers grew along a brick walkway that curved from the driveway to the front porch . 
 there was no garage , and there were presently no cars in the driveway . 
 we crested the hill and walter parked near the curb , scattering a pile of leaves . 
 he turned off the engine and looked warily at me as i reached under my seat and grabbed the walkie-talkies . 
 `` channel eight , subchannel seventeen , '' i said , handing one to walter . 
 we adjusted our frequencies accordingly . 
 `` we passed a diner before we turned onto jennings . 
 wait there . 
 this car looks conspicuous sitting up here , especially with an out-of-state tag . 
 you 'll get the first communication at the diner . 
 i 'll say , ` go , papa . ' 
 that 'll mean he 's home , so get your ass up here and start circling the neighborhood . 
 the second communication will be ` bring it home , ' and that means come to six seventeen and back into the driveway . 
 i 'll want you to open the trunk for me and get back in the car . 
 when you 're inside and the trunk 's open , i 'll bring him out . 
 he 'll be unconscious . 
 i 'll put him in the trunk , and you 'll drive us to his hole on one sixteen . 
 any questions ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do n't break radio silence unless it 's an emergency . 
 if you have to , call me wilma . 
 i 'll call you fred . 
 you never know who might be listening . 
 also , do n't forget the channels . 
 eight and seventeen . 
 write it on your hand . '' 
 i clipped on my walkie-talkie and lifted the cumbersome fanny pack from the floorboard . 
 then i strapped it around my waist , opened the door , and stepped out into the cool afternoon . 
 `` it 's only four-thirty , '' i said , `` so it may be several hours before you hear from me . '' 
 i shut the door , and he drove on down the mountain , disappearing around a bend in the road . 
 i walked back up the hill , and as i passed over the crest , the town of woodside appeared before me . 
 i wondered if in spring or summer , when leaves fattened the trees , it would be difficult to see the town , hundreds of feet below . 
 but the naked trees revealed the foothill community-main street , the college , even glimpses of the downtown a mile and a half north . 
 a lovely neighborhood . 
 there might be hundreds like it in the new england countryside , thousands across the country itself . 
 who 'd ever suspect the heart surgeon lived here , among these pastoral dwellings in woodside suburbia ? 
 i walked up orson 's driveway to a chest-high white fence that picketed the backyard . 
 as i scaled and then straddled it , i wondered if he owned a dog . 
 when my feet hit the grass on the other side , i stayed on all fours , scanning the lawn for a doghouse , listening for the jingle of a chain . 
 nothing moved in the beautiful grass . 
 a northern white cedar overshadowed the backyard , but there was no dog . 
 i walked around the corner . 
 a stone patio with white plastic lawn chairs extended from the back of the house . 
 i moved across the grass onto the patio , where french doors led into a solarium . 
 creeping up to the doors , i peeked through the glass . 
 no lights were on , but peering through the shadows , i could see beyond the sunroom into the kitchen . 
 the house seemed empty . 
 i tried the door , but it was locked . 
 there was no dead bolt , though , and i was relieved i would have to break only a single pane of glass . 
 i withdrew a pair of leather gloves from the fanny pack and grabbed a baseball-size rock lying in a flaccid garden adjacent to the patio . 
 when the gloves were on , i shoved the rock through the pane nearest the doorknob . 
 there was a concussive crack , and splinters of glass spilled across the floor inside . 
 still holding the rock , i listened for the sound of an alarm , but the house remained silent . 
 i dropped the rock and turned the lock . 
 the warm breath of central heating caressed my face as the doors swung open . 
 i stepped inside , removed the leather gloves , and put them back in the fanny pack . 
 after wiping my fingerprints off the outside doorknob , i squeezed my hands into a pair of latex gloves and pulled the doors closed behind me . 
 i distrusted the silence . 
 standing in a sunroom , i noticed the fading light filtering in through long , curved panels of glass . 
 wicker chairs had been placed somewhat erratically across the brick-patterned linoleum floor , and potted plants lent the room the earthy bouquet of a greenhouse . 
 i moved cautiously across the floor , my footfalls crunching bits of glass . 
 taking my glock from the fanny pack , i chambered the first bullet , praying i would n't have to fire the unsilenced weapon in this tranquil neighborhood . 
 walter and i had been unable to locate black-market silencers . 
 from the solarium , i proceeded into the kitchen , which was decked out with white appliances on miles of counter space . 
 i examined pictures on the refrigerator of a white-water rafting trip , and of orson and a woman i 'd never seen before , standing arm in arm on the barren summit of a mountain . 
 to the right , a doorway led into a dining room , complete with china hutch , chandelier , and a mahogany table set with crystal , silver , and china on a white tablecloth . 
 but i went through the doorway to the left , leaving the kitchen and entering the living room . 
 orson had impeccable taste . 
 over the mantel there hung a print of odilon redon 's monochromatic anthony : what is the object of all this ? 
 the devil : there is no object . 
 incidentally , the subject of the black lithograph looked jarringly similar to the man who 'd stopped me for an autograph on my mother 's street . 
 luther . 
 in the far left corner stood an old steinway upright piano , and before the gas-log fireplace , a persian rug spread across the floor , framed by a futon and two burgundy leather chairs . 
 a staircase ascended to my immediate right , and just ahead , at the foot of its steps , loomed the front door . 
 i walked through the living room , my steps resonating on the hardwood floor . 
 a doorway on the left wall , near the steinway , opened into a library , and i crossed the threshold into the room of books . 
 it smelled good in his study , like aged paper and cigars . 
 a lavish desk dominated the center of the room , identical to the one in my office . 
 even his swivel chair was the same . 
 sifting through the drawers , i found nothing . 
 every letter was addressed to dr. david parker , and most of the files consisted of research materials on ancient rome . 
 there were n't even pictures on the desk-just a computer , a cedar humidor filled with macanudo robusto cigars , and a decanter of cognac . 
 the walls were covered by bookcases . 
 the titles indicated the same specific , academic sort of subject matter as the books i 'd seen in his office : agrarian society in rome in the third century b.c. tribunal policy and imperial power before caesar . 
 foreign relations : rome , carthage , and the punic wars . 
 the low shudder of a car engine pulled me to the window . 
 i split the blinds with two fingers and watched a white lexus sedan turn into orson 's driveway . 
 i waited , my stomach twisting into knots . 
 if orson came in through the back door , he 'd see the broken glass . 
 he appeared suddenly , walking swiftly up the sidewalk in an olive suit , briefcase in hand . 
 i stepped back from the blinds , dropped to my knees , and crawled under his desk . 
 a key slid into the dead bolt , and the front door opened . 
 orson whistled as he strode inside , and i drew back as far as i could into the darkness under the desk . 
 his footsteps moved through the living room , then into the study . 
 a deafening clump shook the desk and set my heart palpitating . 
 he 'd dropped his briefcase on the desktop . 
 as he came around the desk toward the chair , i readied the gun . 
 a phone rang somewhere in the house . 
 he stopped . 
 i could see his legs now , his pointed black wing tips . 
 i smelled him-clean , cologne-sweet , familiar . 
 the scent of our sweat after a long day was identical . 
 the phone rang again , and he rushed out of the study , mumbling something indecipherable under his breath . 
 he answered from the kitchen after the third ring . 
 `` hello ? 
 ... hi , arlene ... yes , of course ... well , why do n't you , then ? 
 we 'll put something on ... no , do n't do that . 
 and just come on in ... all right . 
 sounds good . 
 see you then . '' 
 he hung up the phone and went back into the living room . 
 for a moment , i thought he was returning to the study , and i raised the gun . 
 but his footsteps died away as he ran up the staircase . 
 shaking , i climbed out from under the desk . 
 as the shower cut on upstairs , i squatted down , took the walkie-talkie from the fanny pack , and pressed the talk button . 
 `` wilma , '' i whispered . 
 `` wilma ? 
 over ? '' 
 `` over . '' 
 walter 's voice crackled back through the speaker . 
 i lowered the volume . 
 `` you 're wilma . 
 i 'm fred , '' he said . 
 `` he 's here , '' i whispered . 
 `` upstairs , taking a shower . '' 
 `` did you find - '' `` ca n't talk now . 
 go , papa . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` get up here and wait for the next signal . '' 
 i turned off the walkie-talkie and walked into the living room . 
 the staircase was carpeted , so my footsteps fell silently as i ascended to the second floor . 
 emerging in the center of a dim hallway , i saw there was a bedroom at each end , and a closed door directly ahead , which , because it glowed underneath , i presumed to be the bathroom . 
 orson 's shoes , his navy-speckled brown socks , black belt , and olive suit trailed right up to the door . 
 he sang the beatles ' `` all you need is love '' in the shower . 
 i stepped toward the bathroom . 
 open the door , slip inside , and then stick him with the needle through the shower curtain ... the doorbell rang , and i froze in the hallway , wondering if he 'd heard it , too . 
 after five seconds , the shower cut off , and i heard the plop of wet feet on tile and cloth rubbing frantically over skin . 
 i ran down the hallway , then into the bedroom on the right . 
 because there were clothes strewn all over the floor , i assumed this was his room . 
 to my right , a dormer window overlooked jennings road and , beyond it , the snowy adirondacks . 
 pillows filled the alcove , and i could n't help thinking that orson must spend a great deal of time reading in that dormer nook . 
 a roomy walk-in closet opened to my left , and i darted inside as the bathroom door opened . 
 the doorbell rang again , and orson shouted , `` i told you to just come in ! '' 
 as he rushed down the staircase . 
 i did not hear him answer the door . 
 jostling my way between hangers of mothball-stinking suits and stiff sweaters , i finally ducked down in the farthest corner of the dark closet . 
 after a moment , orson came back up the stairs and entered his room . 
 i saw him briefly through the hangers-naked , stepping into a pair of boxer shorts and blue jeans , still conjoined on the floor , just as he 'd left them . 
 he stood shirtless in front of a full-length mirror , combing his wet hair , grown out now from the crew cut he 'd sported in the desert . 
 grinning at himself , he bared his teeth , mouthing words into the mirror , none of which i could understand . 
 it was the first good look i 'd had of my brother , and i drank it in . 
 still in marvelous physical condition , his appearance was more civilized and handsome than in the desert . 
 he radiated charisma , and his eyes sparkled . 
 `` pour yourself a glass of wine ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` there 's a pinot noir in the wine rack ! '' 
 orson opened a dresser drawer and perused it for a moment , finally lifting out a gray box cutter . 
 he exposed the razor , a small blade that obtruded no more than an inch from its metal sheath . 
 fingering the edge with his thumb , he smiled at himself again in the mirror . 
 `` you behave . '' 
 he giggled . 
 `` you behave tonight . '' 
 `` dave ? '' 
 orson spun around . 
 `` arlene . 
 you scared me . '' 
 her voice came from the top of the stairs . 
 `` where 's the wine rack ? '' 
 `` kitchen counter . '' 
 he held the box cutter behind his back . 
 from my angle , i could see it in the mirror as he fidgeted with it , pushing the blade in and out . 
 `` oh , arlene . 
 put on some music , will you ? 
 miles davis , if you do n't mind . '' 
 retracting the blade , he slipped the box cutter into his back pocket , and continued to primp . 
 through the dormer window , the last strands of sunlight receded behind the adirondacks . 
 it was tempting to hide in that closet for the entire night , cloistered safely behind hangers , between smelly old garments . 
 but i steeled myself , pushed my way through the clothes , and stumbled at last out of his closet . 
 their voices rose to the second floor . 
 i heard my brother laugh , and the tinkle of silverware on china . 
 it 'd taken me an hour to summon the nerve to walk out of the closet . 
 thank god they 're still eating . 
 it suddenly occurred to me : the broken glass . 
 please do n't go into the sunroom . 
 since i had his room temporarily to myself , i took the opportunity to check the dresser , the bookshelves , and the closet for the pictures and videos of the desert . 
 i found nothing , however , to substantiate his hobby , not even a journal . 
 in fact , the only item in his bedroom that reflected in a small way orson 's taste for violence was an enormous william blake print hanging on the wall across from his bed-the simoniac pope , a pen and watercolor hellscape of pope nicholas iii in a vat of flames , the soles of his feet on fire . 
 i knew this work . 
 it was an illustration of hell , canto 19 from dante 's divine comedy . 
 those who did n't know him might be perplexed at orson 's morbid choice of wall decor . 
 i walked down the hallway and entered the guest room . 
 it was impersonal , filled with ill-matched , eclectic furniture . 
 the closet was empty , as were the two drawers of the bedside table . 
 i doubted if anyone had ever slept in the single bed . 
 slinking back into the hallway , i turned and went down several steps . 
 orson spoke softly in the dining room . 
 chairs moved , and i heard footsteps heading toward the foyer . 
 i retraced my steps , and when their footsteps continued in my direction , i clawed my way up the staircase , raced back down the hallway , and hid again in his closet . 
 they entered the room and fell together onto his bed . 
 i heard orson say , `` i like you a lot . '' 
 `` i like you , too . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i would n't be here if i did n't . '' 
 arlene sounded as if she was about thirty , and though her voice was throaty , it retained a sliver of girlish innocence . 
 i knew why orson liked her . 
 the lamp on his bedside table cut off . 
 they kissed for a while in the darkness , and the intimate slurping reminded me of friday nights , in high school . 
 `` what would you think about me doing this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` ooooh . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 the room fell silent for a moment , excepting the moist sucking murmurs . 
 `` can you guess what i have in my back pocket ? '' 
 orson said finally . 
 `` mmm . 
 what ? '' 
 `` you have to guess , silly . '' 
 `` is it round and crinkly ? '' 
 `` actually , it 's hard . '' 
 `` mmm . '' 
 she shuddered in a good way . 
 i could hear the alcohol thickening up her voice . 
 `` and very sharp . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you told any of your friends about me ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` does anyone know we 've been seeing each other ? '' 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 i caught a grain of anger in his voice , which i 'm sure she did n't register . 
 `` only the girls at work . '' 
 orson sighed . 
 `` i asked you not to tell anyone . 
 you tell them my name ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` arlene , did you tell them my name ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 her voice mellowed . 
 `` what do you think about this , sweetie ? '' 
 a zipper started to descend . 
 there was sudden movement in the dark . 
 `` do n't you touch me , '' he hissed . 
 the bed squeaked , and i wondered if she 'd sat up . 
 `` turn on the light , '' she said . 
 `` turn it on ! '' 
 the light did not come on . 
 `` did you tell your girlfriends my name ? '' 
 `` why are you acting so weird ? '' 
 `` tell me , so i can show you what 's in my pocket . '' 
 `` yes , i told them your - '' `` goddamnit . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you can go now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` leave . '' 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 i thought-i mean ... i like you , and i thought - '' `` i had something extraordinarily special planned for us tonight . 
 and you just ruined it . 
 i was going to open you up , arlene . '' 
 `` to what ? '' 
 `` get out of my house . '' 
 the bed moved again , the floor creaked , and it sounded as though clothes were being smoothed . 
 `` i ca n't believe i-you need help , david . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` you can go to - '' `` i 'd advise you to leave while you 're still able . '' 
 she stormed from his bedroom into the hallway , screamed `` fucking freak ! '' 
 and was sobbing by the time she reached the front door . 
 25 orson sat for a while in the dark after arlene left . 
 for some reason , i expected him to cry , to come apart in pathetic flinders when no one was around . 
 but this did n't happen . 
 as my eyes grew accustomed to the dark , i began to make out the shapes in his room - the painting on the wall , the bookshelves , his legs stretched out on the bed . 
 i could see barbs of light through the dormer window , on the black slopes across the valley . 
 after thirty minutes , i thought he 'd fallen asleep , and i began to psych myself up to crawl out of the closet and do what i 'd come here to do . 
 but when i started to move , he sat up abruptly . 
 stiffening , i watched his arms reach down under the bed and lift what appeared to be a shoe box up onto the mattress . 
 orson slipped out of his loafers and kicked them in opposite directions across the room . 
 one hurtled into the closet and nearly struck me in the head . 
 i heard a mechanical clicking . 
 he settled back onto the mattress and began speaking in a low , monotonous voice : `` it is ... seven forty-three p.m. on friday , november eighth . 
 arlene came over this evening . 
 i told you about her . 
 that legal assistant from bristol . 
 it was going to happen tonight . 
 i thought about it all day . 
 all week . 
 but she 'd mentioned me-my name , i mean-to some of her coworkers , so that 's the end of that . 
 it was an exercise in self-control . 
 i 'd never used a box cutter before , so i 'm more than a little disappointed that tonight did n't work out . 
 if i go much longer without any play , i may resort to doing something careless , like that time in burlington . 
 but you made the rule never to do that in this town , and it 's an intelligent rule , so do n't f ** k things up . '' 
 he stopped the dictaphone , but then pushed the record button again . 
 `` last thing . 
 i was on-line today , and i saw that james keiller 's second appeal was denied . 
 guess that means they 'll be setting an execution date in the near term . 
 that 's a beautiful thing , what i did there . 
 it really is . 
 i may have to make the trip out to nebraska when they juice him . 
 and i do believe they juice 'em in the cornhusker state . '' 
 he returned the dictaphone to the shoe box and took out something else . 
 climbing out of bed , he walked toward his dresser , upon which sat a tv/vcr combo . 
 he inserted a videotape and turned on the tv . 
 as it started to play , he lay down on his stomach , his head at the edge of the mattress , propped up on his elbows , chin cupped in his hands . 
 it was in color . 
 oh god . 
 the shed . 
 i resisted a surge of nausea . 
 `` this is cindy , and she just failed the test . 
 say hi , cindy . '' 
 the woman was tied to the pole , with that leather collar around her neck . 
 orson turned the camera on himself , sweaty-faced , eyes twinkling , beaming , bridelike . 
 `` cindy has chosen the six-inch boning knife . '' 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 i plugged my ears and shut my eyes . 
 the fear in her voice sickened me . 
 even with the volume muffled , i could still hear the most piercing of screams . 
 on the bed , orson was making noise , too . 
 i squinted and saw that he 'd turned over on his back and was watching the screen upside down , jerking off . 
 the footage of orson killing her was n't terribly long , so he watched it over and over . 
 if i hyperfocused on my heartbeat , i found that i could block out the television and orson 's groans almost completely . 
 counting the beats , i worked my way up to 704 . 
 when my eyes opened , the room was silent . 
 i 'd nodded off , and it horrified me to think i might 've been snoring or lost precious hours asleep in his closet . 
 checking my watch , i saw that 9:30 had just passed , and i felt relief knowing that walter and i still had the majority of the night to kill my brother . 
 from the bed-deep breathing . 
 i recognized the pattern of orson 's long exhalations . 
 almost certain he was asleep , i withdrew a syringe and a vial of versed . 
 flicking off the plastic cap , i stuck the hollow needle through the rubber seal and pulled the plunger back until the bottle was empty . 
 i then aspirated the contents of two more vials . 
 with fifteen milligrams of versed in the syringe , i secured the caps and placed the three empty vials back into my fanny pack , closing the zipper so slowly , i could n't even hear the minute teeth biting back together . 
 the needle in my left hand , the glock in my right , i poked my head through the hangers and proceeded to inch my way out . 
 as i came to my feet on the hardwood floor of the walk-in closet , it occurred to me that he might not be asleep . 
 perhaps he was merely resting , breathing patiently in a yogic trance . 
 after three steps , i stood at the threshold of the closet , staring down at orson on the bed . 
 his chest rose and fell in an unhurried rhythm indicative of sleep . 
 i went down on my knees , held the plastic syringe with my teeth , and crawled across the dusty floor . 
 at the edge of his bed , i stopped and spurned another wave of nausea and hyperventilation . 
 sweat trickled down my forehead and smarted in my eyes . 
 under the latex skin , my hands were wet . 
 squatting down on the floor , i took the syringe from my mouth , then , holding it up before my face , squirted a brief stream through the shaft of the needle to remove air bubbles . 
 orson shifted on the bed . 
 his back had been to me , but he turned over , so that we faced each other . 
 all he has to do is open his eyes . 
 his left arm was beautifully exposed . 
 withdrawing a penlight and holding it between my teeth , i spotlighted his forearm and could see numerous periwinkle veins under the surface of his skin . 
 with great patience and concentration , i lowered the eye of the needle until it hovered just an inch above his skin . 
 there was a chance this would kill him . 
 because i was attempting to inject intravenously , the substantial dose of versed would be tearing through his bloodstream , and when it slammed into his central nervous system , he might stop breathing . 
 steady hands . 
 as i slipped the needle into the antecubital vein opposite the elbow , his eyes opened . 
 i injected the drug . 
 please have hit the vein . 
 orson shot up and gasped . 
 i let go of the syringe and jumped back , the needle still dangling in his arm . 
 he pulled it out and held it up before his face , flabbergasted . 
 `` andy ? '' 
 he whispered , cotton-mouthed . 
 `` andy ? 
 how did you ... '' he swallowed several times , as though something was blocking his windpipe . 
 standing , i pointed the gun at him . 
 `` lie back , orson . '' 
 `` what did you give me ? '' 
 `` lie back ! '' 
 he leaned back into the pillows . 
 `` god , '' he said . 
 `` that 's strong . '' 
 he sounded medicated already , and i thought his eyes had closed . 
 i turned on the bedside lamp so i could be sure . 
 they were slits . 
 `` what are you doing , andy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how did you ... '' his words trailed off . 
 `` you killed my mother , '' i said to him . 
 `` i do n't think you ... '' his eyes closed . 
 `` orson ? '' 
 i could see the red dot on his arm where the needle had penetrated the skin . 
 `` orson ! '' 
 he still did n't move , so i reached forward and slapped his face . 
 he groaned , but it was an incoherent response , which only assured me that the drug had taken control of him . 
 backpedaling toward the closet , i took the walkie-talkie from my fanny pack . 
 `` walter ? '' 
 i said , breathless . 
 `` walt ... fred ? '' 
 `` over . '' 
 `` you close ? '' 
 `` a hundred yards . '' 
 `` get up here and come inside . '' 
 i leaned against the wall and wiped the sweat from my eyelids . 
 orson lunged from the bed and drilled his head into my stomach before i could even think about my gun . 
 as i lost my breath , he drove his knee between my legs and grabbed the back of my neck with both hands . 
 he butted his forehead into my nose , and i felt the cartilage crunch and then the subsequent burn . 
 cool blood flowed over my lips . 
 `` what are you thinking , andy ? 
 you can just do this to me ? '' 
 i 'd just managed to fill my lungs with air , when he shovel-punched me in the gut , right below my navel . 
 as i hunched over , he kneed my face , and i dropped to the floor . 
 instantly , he was on me , his fingers digging under my stomach , where my hands retained an iron grip on the glock . 
 a sharp , brutal pinch speared through my shirt into my back , and i moaned . 
 `` yeah , you like that , do n't you ? 
 i 'm gon na do it again and again . '' 
 he 'd stuck me with the needle . 
 i felt it wiggling in me . 
 `` you 're gon na give it up , '' he said , `` and i 'm gon na spend the weekend killing you . 
 what were you thinking , andy ? 
 what ? '' 
 i kept thinking that i should at least try to fight him , but if i moved , he might wrangle the gun from my hands . 
 a hard bone pummeled the back of my head , and it hurt like hell . 
 i felt the needle pull out and enter again . 
 `` ah shit , '' he muttered . 
 he struck the back of my head again , but it was n't nearly as powerful a blow . 
 `` ah , f ** k you , andy . '' 
 he slumped onto the floor , crouching on his hands and knees , trying to preserve his consciousness . 
 `` stay with it , '' he mumbled . 
 `` no . 
 no . '' 
 yanking the needle out of my back , i stood up and moved to the open doorway of his bedroom . 
 my face felt swollen , and i could not see as clearly through my left eye . 
 but the adrenaline masked the pain , even the deep microscopic holes in my back . 
 beneath the mechanic 's suit , lines of blood streamed down my legs . 
 orson fell over onto his side on the floor . 
 `` no . '' 
 he sighed sleepily , his speech beginning to slur . 
 `` andy . 
 do n't do things ... '' he shut his eyes and was still . 
 there was a knock on the front door . 
 i held the gun by the muzzle and hammered orson across the forehead until i saw blood . 
 then i ran into the hallway and rushed down the staircase . 
 `` walter ? '' 
 i yelled through the door . 
 `` it 's me , '' he said , and i let him inside . 
 the coldness of the night radiated off his clothes . 
 `` where 's your broth - oh god , your face ... '' `` i 'm fine . 
 come on , '' i said , starting back up the steps . 
 `` put on your latex gloves . 
 he 's upstairs . '' 
 26 while walter dragged orson down the steps in his boxer shorts and rolled him up in the florid persian rug , i again searched every crevice of my brother 's bedroom . 
 searching under the bed , i located the shoe box of microcassettes and two more videotapes , but this was the extent of my discovery . 
 another thorough inspection of the closet produced nothing out of the ordinary . 
 in the guest room , i found nothing , and by the time i 'd begun a second perusal of the study , i waxed furious . 
 `` you see this ? '' 
 i said , exiting the hallway on the first floor and lifting the shoe box above my head . 
 `` it 's all he keeps in his entire house that would clue anyone in to what he is . '' 
 in a mechanic 's suit like mine , walter sat on top of orson , who was now cocooned inside the rug . 
 `` there are more pictures than this , '' i said . 
 `` pictures of me doing horrible things to people . 
 in a self-storage unit or a safety-deposit box . 
 you know what happens when this son of a bitch ca n't pay the bill 'cause he 's dead ? 
 they clear out his space and find pictures of me digging a heart out of a woman 's chest . '' 
 now you know . 
 walter looked at me , but he did n't ask for elaboration . 
 standing up , he walked across the hardwood floor into orson 's study . 
 he lifted the decanter of cognac and poured himself an immoderately full snifter . 
 `` you want one ? '' 
 he asked , warming the brandy with a delicate swirling motion of the glass . 
 `` please . '' 
 he poured me one , too , and brought it into the living room . 
 we sat down on orson 's futon before the hearth , swirling and sipping our brandies in silence , each waiting for that euphoric calm , though it never fully came . 
 `` will he tell us ? '' 
 walter asked finally . 
 `` tell us what ? '' 
 `` about the pictures of you , and the man who wrote on jenna 's arm . '' 
 i turned my head and found walter 's eyes , my cheeks candescent with the liquor . 
 `` absofuckinlutely . '' 
 we carried him out the front door and down the steps . 
 the moon shone bone white through the leafless , calligraphic trees . 
 the alcohol numbed my face , diminishing the sting of the cold . 
 the rug would n't fit into the trunk , so we unrolled it and let orson slide into the dark , empty cavity . 
 i checked his breathing , and though it was steady , they were damn shallow breaths . 
 a light cut on in the house across the street . 
 the figure of a man came to a bay window . 
 `` come on , walter , '' i said . 
 `` this is just about the worst place we could be right now . '' 
 we headed back down the mountain the way we 'd come and turned right onto main street . 
 i stared out my window as we passed the campus , its brick walkways lighted but empty . 
 farther on , i caught a glimpse of the white gazebo , where i 'd stood in the snow just yesterday , in search of the man who now lay unconscious in the trunk . 
 `` we got him , did n't we ? '' 
 i said , and the brandy drew a smirk across my face . 
 `` i 'll celebrate when he 's got a hundred pounds of cold dirt on top of his face , and we know where the man is who threatened my daughter . '' 
 downtown woodside was hopping for 10:30 at night . 
 in spite of the cold , students filled the sidewalks . 
 i could see a hundred miniature clouds of breath vapor , and hear their hollering through the glass . 
 dueling bars on opposite sides of the street had students milling outside the doors in long , anxious lines , waiting to reach the mirthful warmth inside . 
 it made perfect sense to me . 
 it was too cold in this town to do anything but drink . 
 seven point eight miles from beans n ' bagels , walter eased off the pavement , pulling onto the soft , wide shoulder of 116 . 
 he drove through the grass for a hundred yards and stopped in the shadow of two oaks . 
 `` your shovel 's back there , '' he said . 
 `` i saw it against that tree . '' 
 he leaned back in his seat and killed the engine . 
 i turned around and looked through the back windshield . 
 up and down the highway , bathed now in blue frozen moonlight , nothing moved . 
 `` how 's your face ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my nose feels broken , but it 's not . '' 
 it was hot to the touch , the skin across the bridge having tightened from swelling . 
 my left eye had nearly closed , but , surprisingly , it did n't hurt . 
 `` you wan na help me get him out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 two door slams echoed through the pine forest and up the slopes . 
 an owl hooted somewhere above us , and i pictured it sitting on the flaking branch of a gnarled pine , wide-eyed , listening . 
 i was tipsy from the brandy , and i staggered a little en route to the rear of the cadillac . 
 walter inserted a key and popped open the trunk . 
 orson lay on his stomach , his arms splayed out above his head . 
 i reached in without hesitation and , grabbing his arms just above the elbows , dragged him out of the trunk and let him fall into the grass . 
 though he was shirtless , the cold did n't rouse him . 
 walter opened the back door and then lifted my brother 's feet . 
 we crammed him into the backseat , and walter climbed on top of him and handcuffed his wrists behind his back . 
 turning orson over , he slapped him hard across the face five times . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 hurrying back to the door , i hopped inside . 
 `` turn the heat on , '' i said . 
 `` it 's cold as shit . '' 
 walter cranked the engine , and it idled noiselessly . 
 i bent down and held my face before the vents , letting the engine-heated air thaw my cheeks . 
 `` orson , '' i said , getting up on my knees in the seat and facing the back . 
 he lay unmoving on his stomach , stretched out from door to door . 
 i could see his face-his eyes were closed . 
 reaching into the backseat , i grabbed his arms and shook him violently , but he made no sound . 
 i climbed into the backseat and knelt down on the floorboard so we were face-to-face . 
 `` orson , '' i said , so near to his lips , i could 've kissed him . 
 `` wake . 
 up . '' 
 i slapped him . 
 it felt good . 
 `` wake . 
 up ! '' 
 i shouted , but he did n't flinch . 
 `` fuck it . '' 
 i crawled back into the front seat . 
 `` guess we 'll just wait . '' 
 `` how much did you give him ? '' 
 walter asked . 
 `` fifteen milligrams . '' 
 `` look , i do n't want to sit out here all night . 
 just give him the antidote . '' 
 `` it might kill him . 
 it 's a hell of a shock . 
 we should let him come to on his own if he can . '' 
 i stared down the highway and watched a set of headlights suddenly appear and vanish . 
 `` out in wyoming , '' i said , `` you can see headlights when they 're still twenty or thirty miles away . '' 
 i angled the seat back and turned onto my right side , facing the door . 
 `` walter ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i killed a man in wyoming . '' 
 he did n't say anything , and we were quiet for some time . 
 `` you remember that party i threw last may ? '' 
 i asked finally . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i keep thinking about that night . 
 we were sitting out on my pier - '' `` pretty drunk , if i recall . '' 
 `` yep . 
 i distinctly remember thinking : you lucky , lucky man . 
 thirty-four , successful , respected . 
 you have a quality of life most people ca n't even fathom ... one week later , to the day , i received that envelope from orson ... how do we go home after this ? 
 i ca n't imagine ever wanting to write again . 
 or feeling normal . 
 like anything 's good . 
 like people are capable of goodness . '' 
 i motioned to orson . 
 `` when we were in the desert , he told me i had murder in my heart . '' 
 `` i think it 's safe to say he was projecting . '' 
 i glanced down at the gun in my lap . 
 `` i think he was right , walter . '' 
 `` you are not an evil person . '' 
 `` no , but i could be . 
 i see that now . 
 we 're a lot closer to it than you think . '' 
 i dropped my glock into the fanny pack . 
 `` will you stay awake and watch orson ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` wake me up in an hour , and i 'll let you sleep . '' 
 `` there 's no way i 'm going to sleep . '' 
 `` then wake me when he wakes . '' 
 i curled up in the seat . 
 to fall asleep , i imagined i was lounging in a beach chair in aruba . 
 the vents were my tropical breeze , and i could even hear the ocean in the vibration of the idling engine . 
 hands shook me , and i sat up . 
 my head ached as if a fault had rifted around the perimeter of my skull . 
 walter stared at me , the .45 in his lap . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` one . 
 he 's stirred , but i do n't think he 's waking up anytime soon . 
 not coherently at least . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll give him the antidote . '' 
 i searched through the fanny pack until i found the 10-ml vial of the benzodiazepine antidote , flumazenil . 
 aspirating the entire vial , i climbed into the backseat and took hold of orson 's left arm . 
 locating the same vein i 'd hit before , i penetrated the skin , depressed the plunger with my thumb , and injected one milligram of flumazenil . 
 when the syringe was empty , i slid it out and climbed back into the front seat . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he 's gon na come out of this fast . 
 bright-eyed and bushy-tailed . '' 
 a minute elapsed . 
 then orson moved , rubbing his face into the seat and trying to sit up . 
 there was a nasty gash on his forehead where i 'd coldcocked him with the butt of the glock . 
 a trail of dried blood traversed a path from his left eye to the corner of his mouth , like runaway mascara . 
 he mumbled . 
 `` sit him up , '' i said , coming to my knees again and facing the backseat . 
 walter grabbed him by his hair and jerked him ruthlessly up into the center seat . 
 orson steadied himself and opened his eyes . 
 when he saw me , he produced an enervate smile . 
 `` andy , '' he said clearly , `` what in the world - '' `` where are those videotapes you made of the killings ? 
 and the pictures you took , like that card you sent me ? '' 
 `` i had a dream we fought , '' he said . 
 `` i kicked the shit out of you , as i recall . '' 
 the reversal of the sedation was miraculous . 
 orson was lucid , pupils dilated , heart racing . 
 `` hit the cigarette lighter , walter , '' i said , and he punched it in . 
 `` walt ? '' 
 orson said . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` do n't talk to him , '' i said to walter . 
 `` he can talk to me if he wants to . 
 how 's the fam , walt ? '' 
 `` orson , '' walter growled . 
 `` i 'm gon na - '' i grabbed walter 's arm and , catching his eyes , shook my head . 
 flushed , he nodded . 
 `` no , let him talk , '' orson said . 
 `` he 's probably a little pissed at me and wants to get it off his chest . '' 
 `` no , orson . 
 tonight 's about you . '' 
 orson smiled , finding walter 's eyes in the rearview mirror . 
 `` how 's little jenna ? '' 
 hands on the steering wheel , walter looked down into his lap at the .45 . 
 `` i hear she 's precious . 
 i 'll bet you 're proud as - '' `` walter is n't moved by your taunts , '' i said . 
 `` you are n't in any position to - '' `` if he is n't moved , why 'd he just look down at his gun ? '' 
 orson smiled at walter . 
 `` thinking of doing something rash ? '' 
 `` orson , '' i said , `` this is between - '' `` i think he 's upset because one of my other proteges has his eye on the lancing clan . '' 
 walter 's fingers constricted around the glock . 
 coming to his knees , he faced my brother . 
 `` his name 's luther , '' orson continued . 
 `` would you like to know more about him , walter ? 
 he may become a big part of your life . 
 in fact , he may already be a big part of your life . 
 you see , when i took him out to the desert three years ago , he took an avid interest in - '' `` walter , just ignore - '' `` let him finish . '' 
 `` not that it 's my inclination , '' orson said , `` but among his many interests , luther likes little things . 
 well , more specifically , he likes to hurt little things , and me not being one to pass judgment , i told him , ' i know two little things named jenna and john david lancing who could use a little hurting . ' '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` you do n't have to believe me , walter . 
 luther believes me , and that 's all that matters . 
 his visit to jenna 's school was just an introduction . 
 he 's met beth , too , though she did n't realize it . 
 at my urging , he 's added your address to his rolodex , and if he has n't already , i 'm sure he 'll come calling at fifteen eighteen shortleaf drive any day now . 
 oh , that 's right , beth took the kids away . 
 well , luther will find them , if he has n't already . 
 he 's very motivated-what the fbi profilers would call a ` hedonic thrill killer , ' which means he receives sexual gratification from the agony of others . 
 believe me when i tell you , he 's one macabre motherfucker . 
 he even scares me . '' 
 walter pressed his gun against orson 's chest . 
 `` no , '' i said calmly . 
 `` just sit back . '' 
 `` when i pull this trigger , '' walter said to orson , `` the force of the bullet impacting your chest will be so intense , your heart might stop . 
 how does it feel , orson ? '' 
 `` i imagine i feel like your wife and children are going to feel . 
 and trust me on this , walter . 
 you could flay me , and i would n't call off luther . '' 
 `` put that f ** king gun down , '' i said . 
 `` this is not the way to do this . '' 
 `` he 's talking about my family . '' 
 `` he 's lying . 
 he will tell us . '' 
 `` i 'm not lying , walter . 
 shall i tell you how luther 's planning to do your family , or do you want it to be a surprise ? '' 
 walter ground his teeth together , trembling with explosive rage . 
 `` i 'm not telling you again , '' i said . 
 `` put it down . '' 
 `` fuck off , andy . '' 
 i took my glock from the fanny pack and pointed it at my best friend . 
 `` i wo n't let you shoot him . 
 not yet . 
 think about it . 
 if you kill him , we are n't gon na find out where luther is . 
 you 're risking your family now . '' 
 `` if he 's dead , maybe luther will leave us alone . 
 orson 's just doing this because i know about him . '' 
 he chambered the first round . 
 `` walter , you 're a little crazy now , so just - '' i leaned forward to take the gun from him , but he jerked back and turned his .45 on me . 
 `` you put the gun down . '' 
 my finger moved onto the trigger . 
 `` you gon na shoot me ? '' 
 `` you are n't a parent , '' he said , incensed . 
 `` you do n't know . '' 
 he trained the gun back on my brother . 
 `` count to three , you piece of shit . '' 
 `` okay . 
 one . '' 
 `` walter ! '' 
 `` two . '' 
 `` you kill him , you kill your family ! '' 
 before walter reached three , orson drew his knees into his chest and kicked the back of my seat . 
 jerking forward into the dashboard , i felt my finger slip , and though i did n't hear the gunshot , my glock recoiled . 
 walter fell back onto the steering wheel , and it bleated through the countryside . 
 i lifted him off the horn and he sagged into my lap , spilling all over me . 
 i wept ; orson laughed . 
 27 i finished burying walter a few minutes before five o'clock . 
 through the ceiling of pines , light was coming , and the white cadillac would be plainly visible from the highway , if it was not already . 
 the sky kindled with each passing second , and i felt the self-possession i 'd known just hours ago disintegrating . 
 walking back through the trees , the mechanic 's suit rigid now with walter 's frozen blood , i thought , i could crumble so easily . 
 when i broke out of the trees , i saw three cars speed by , heading into bristol . 
 it was light enough that i could see the textureless black mountains clearly against the sky , and anyone passing , if they happened to look , would see me stumbling along the shoulder toward the car . 
 on the eastern horizon a trace of day warmed above the atlantic . 
 the sun was coming . 
 the moon had disappeared hours ago . 
 i reached the cadillac . 
 orson was unconscious in the trunk , an entire 4-mg vial of ativan coursing through his bloodstream . 
 the front seat was a mess-pools of blood on both floorboards , the driver 's side window smeared red . 
 i managed to scrape enough blood and brain matter off the glass to drive . 
 exhausted , i started the car and pulled onto the highway , heading south , back into woodside . 
 i kept wondering what i 'd do if a cop pulled me over . 
 he 'd see the bloodstained interior and the purple mass that was my left eye . 
 i 'd have to run . 
 there 'd be no other choice besides killing him . 
 returning to orson 's house , i backed the cadillac into his driveway and parked beside the white lexus . 
 i agonized over leaving the car out here when the town would be waking within the hour . 
 but there was no alternative . 
 i needed to get orson inside , clean myself up , and figure out what the hell i was going to do . 
 reclining on a floral-print couch in orson 's den , i dialed cynthia 's home number . 
 it was a sunny saturday morning , eleven o'clock , and the sunbeams angled brilliantly through the blinds into the den , a scantly furnished room with a large television in a pine cabinet and a tower of cds standing in the corner . 
 orson lay across from me on a matching couch , his hands still cuffed behind his back , feet bound with a bicycle lock i 'd found in his study . 
 she answered on the third ring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , cynthia . '' 
 `` andy . '' 
 i detected undeniable shock in her voice , and it concerned me . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` everyone 's looking for you . '' 
 `` who 's everyone ? '' 
 `` the winston-salem police department called my office twice yesterday . '' 
 `` why are they looking for me ? '' 
 `` you know about your mother ? '' 
 she was going to regret asking that . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` oh , andy . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a neighbor found her dead in her house three days ago . 
 on wednesday , i think . 
 andy ... '' `` what happened ? '' 
 i let my voice quake . 
 how could an innocent man explain not crying when he learns his mother has been murdered ? 
 even the guilty manage tears . 
 `` they think she was murdered . '' 
 i dropped the phone and produced a few sobs . 
 after a moment , i brought the receiver to my ear again . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i said , sniffling . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` andy , the police want to speak with you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i um ... i think ... '' she sighed . 
 `` this is tough , andy . 
 there 's a warrant for your arrest . '' 
 `` what in the world for ? '' 
 `` your mother 's murder . '' 
 `` oh no , no , no , no - '' `` and i know you did n't do it . 
 i believe you . 
 but the best thing to do is just talk to the police and clear this mess up . 
 where are you ? 
 let me have someone come get you . '' 
 `` thank you for everything , cynthia . '' 
 i hung up the phone , thinking , they had to find her eventually . 
 orson , you f ** ked me again . 
 i stared at my brother on the sofa . 
 he 'd be waking soon . 
 until you fix this , you do n't have a home . 
 in fact , you might never go home again . 
 orson awoke in the early afternoon , strapped naked to a wooden chair in his den , handcuffs securing his arms behind the chair back , and a length of rope binding his legs to the chair legs . 
 i 'd shut the door , closed the blinds , and turned the television up so loud , the set buzzed . 
 sitting on the couch , i waited until he 'd regained sufficient clarity of mind . 
 `` you with me ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 he said something , but i could n't hear over the television . 
 `` speak up ! '' 
 i could tell he was still disoriented . 
 `` yes . 
 what 's ... '' i saw it all come back to him-the fight , the trunk , walter . 
 he smiled , and i knew he was with me . 
 taking the remote control from the couch , i muted the television . 
 `` orson , '' i said . 
 `` this is how this works . 
 i ask the questions . 
 you answer them . 
 quickly , concisely - '' `` where 's walt ? 
 no . 
 let me guess . 
 is he in my hole ? '' 
 i cloaked my fury-i had a hunch the torture would be more effective if i remained placid . 
 composing myself , i asked him , `` do you still have the videotapes and pictures of you and me in the desert ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 he smiled and shook his head . 
 i pressed the mute button and the television roared . 
 it was the episode of the andy griffith show that chronicles barney fife 's attempt to join a church choir , despite his glaring inability to sing . 
 we watched this with our father . 
 coming to my feet , i walked around to the back of the chair . 
 from my pocket , i took a silver zippo i 'd found in orson 's dresser and struck a flame . 
 regardless of the hell he 'd put me through , i found it exceedingly difficult to burn him . 
 but i did . 
 orson grunted wrenchingly , and after six seconds , i withdrew the flame and returned to the couch . 
 sweat had broken out across his forehead , and his face had crimsoned . 
 i silenced the television . 
 `` whew ! '' 
 he smiled through the pain . 
 `` man , that 's unpleasant ! 
 but you know , the back is n't the most sensitive part of the body . 
 you should burn my face . 
 the lips , the eyes . 
 make 'em boil . '' 
 `` orson , are the videotapes and pictures in this house ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` are they in woodside ? '' 
 `` flame on ! '' 
 the cacophony of the television again filled the room . 
 leaning forward , i positioned the lighter against orson 's inner thigh as he watched with rabid interest . 
 this time , i felt less squeamish about applying the pain . 
 he hollered over the dissonant voice of barney fife as the tonguelike flame licked his skin . 
 when the patch of hairy white flesh began to bubble , i extinguished the flame and hit the mute button . 
 he was still yelping , eyes closed , teeth clicking , breathless . 
 `` i think you missed your calling , '' he said , wincing and sucking through his teeth , stifling the squeals . 
 glancing down at his thigh , i noticed the afflicted skin had blossomed into a bright blister . 
 i could smell the sweet charred flesh , a pleasantly devious odor , like gasoline . 
 `` all right , orson , '' i said . 
 `` take three . '' 
 `` maybe it 's in a storage unit in some town you 'll never find . 
 maybe - '' the television blared , and standing up , i held the lighter beneath orson 's right eye . 
 when the flame leapt out , he shrieked , `` in the desert ! 
 in the desert ! '' 
 stepping back , i cut the volume . 
 `` i think you 're lying . '' 
 `` andy , '' he gasped , `` my videos , my photographs , everything i used to blackmail you-it 's all out there . '' 
 `` where out there ? 
 in the cabin ? '' 
 `` take me to wyoming , and i 'll show you . '' 
 `` i guess you like being burned . '' 
 `` no . 
 do n't . 
 just listen . 
 if i told you , andy , even after you 'd tortured me , you 'd have no way of knowing if it was the truth till you got out there . 
 and trust me , it would n't be . 
 now think about that . '' 
 `` you think i 'm gon na haul you to wyoming ? '' 
 `` how are you gon na find the cabin ? 
 my dirt road 's in the middle of nowhere . 
 you have to watch the mileage from a certain point even to have a chance at finding it , and i 'm not telling you where that is . 
 not here . 
 no f ** king way . 
 you need me ; i need you . 
 let 's take a trip . '' 
 `` i can find it on my own . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i found you . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` that f ** king cowboy . '' 
 i considered holding the flame to orson 's eye until he screamed exactly where in the cabin or shed i could find the paraphernalia of his obsession . 
 but he was right : i would n't know if he 'd told the truth until i got out there . 
 i wanted to ask him about my mother and how he 'd framed me , but i was afraid the rage would undermine me like it had walter , and there were things i still had to know . 
 `` where 's luther ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 luther drifts . '' 
 discomfort strained his voice . 
 `` how do you communicate ? '' 
 `` e-mail . '' 
 `` what 's your password ? '' 
 part of me wanted him to resist . 
 i flipped open the zippo . 
 `` w-b-a-s-s . '' 
 `` pray he has n't touched them . '' 
 i got up and opened the door . 
 `` andy , '' he said . 
 `` can i please have whatever you 've been giving me ? 
 this hurts like hell . '' 
 `` it 's supposed to hurt . '' 
 i walked through the living room into orson 's study and booted up the computer . 
 his password gave me access to his e-mail account . 
 six new messages : five spam , one from lk72 : > from : it took a while for the steam to settle in the bathroom , and i sat on the toilet while it did , thumbing through orson 's wallet , yet another possession of his , identical to mine . 
 removing his driver 's license , i set it on the sink . 
 i looked nothing like the picture . 
 his hair was short and brown , his face clean-shaven . 
 rising , i wiped the condensation off the mirror . 
 my beard had grown out considerably , gray and bristly . 
 my hair was in shambles , the dye stripped from this last marathon shower . 
 i shaved first , even my sideburns , and it was an improvement . 
 there was an attachment on the electric razor for tonsure , so i climbed back into the shower and sheared my head . 
 when i finished , i glanced again into the mirror-much , much better . 
 `` hi , orson , '' i said , smiling . 
 29 sunday , before dawn , i loaded orson into the trunk of his lexus and pulled out of the driveway of his house in woodside . 
 i carried his wallet , filled with his cash and credit cards , and i felt reasonably sure that , should the necessity arise , i could pass for my brother . 
 it was comforting to know that because orson existed , andrew thomas could disappear . 
 i drove to the woodside inn and slipped furtively up the noisy staircase into what had been walter 's and my room . 
 our clothes were still scattered across the beds , and i stuffed everything from the drawers and the floor into our suitcases and lugged them down to the car . 
 heading out on highway 116 , i prided myself on my thoroughness . 
 i 'd remembered to check out of the inn . 
 i 'd removed all traces of my presence in orson 's home -lrb- my blood in his room , my hair in his sink and bathtub -rrb- , along with all signs of his abduction . 
 i 'd even taken care of walter 's cadillac , driving it down the hill to the champlain diner at 3:15 in the morning and leaving it parked beside an overflowing dumpster . 
 the jog back up into orson 's neighborhood had been a bitch , but it was worth it . 
 nothing could link me to this town now , and though walter 's gory car would more than likely be discovered within the week , i 'd be long , long gone by then . 
 prior to leaving orson 's house , i 'd downed an entire pot of coffee and swallowed a double dose of a sinus medication that always keyed me up . 
 caffeine raged through me , and with unfettered energy , i drove southwest out of woodside into new york state . 
 if nothing went awry , luther would be dead , and i 'd be in wyoming in less than forty-eight hours . 
 i sped westbound on i-80 through eastern nebraska . 
 it was 11:45 p.m. , and the luster of driving without sleep from vermont to wyoming had waned . 
 orson was awake . 
 he 'd been kicking the inside of the trunk for the last fifty miles and cursing at me to pull over . 
 traffic was light , and because there was nothing but hewn cornfields and distant farmhouse lights as far as i could see , i obliged him . 
 pulling into the emergency lane somewhere between lincoln and york , i hopped out into the chilly nebraska night and popped the trunk . 
 lying on his back , in his bathrobe , handcuffed , he lifted his head . 
 `` i 'm thirsty , you bastard , '' he croaked . 
 `` i 've been dying back here . '' 
 `` well , there 's some ice-cold water up front with your name on it . 
 but you got ta earn it . '' 
 taking luther 's e-mail from my pocket and unfolding it , i asked him , `` is sb scottsbluff , nebraska ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i went back to the front seat and grabbed the full squeeze bottle from the passenger side . 
 returning to orson , i stood in front of him and squirted a stream into my mouth . 
 `` wow , that 's refreshing ! '' 
 i could see the pining thirst in his eyes . 
 `` this is all the water that 's left , '' i said , `` and when it 's gone , it may be hundreds and hundreds of miles before i stop again . 
 now , i 'm not very thirsty , but i 'll stand here and guzzle it just the same if you are n't a model of cooperation . 
 is sb scottsbluff ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what 's the significance ? '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 i squirted another long stream into my mouth . 
 `` there 's this girl there who luther stays with sometimes . 
 he 's always on the road . '' 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 `` mandy something . '' 
 `` you do n't know her last name ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what 's luther 's last name ? '' 
 `` kite . '' 
 `` like fly a kite ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` open up . '' 
 i shot him a mouthful of water . 
 `` i saw luther on the phone list in your wallet . 
 is that number the best way to reach him ? '' 
 `` it 's his cell . 
 what are you trying to do , andy ? '' 
 `` you ever met luther in scottsbluff ? '' 
 `` once . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` ricki 's . 
 can i - '' `` who 's ricki ? '' 
 `` it 's a bar on highway ninety-two . 
 please , andy ... '' i touched the open nozzle to his lips and squeezed cold water down his throat . 
 he sucked frantically , and i pulled it back after three seconds as a transfer truck roared by . 
 i took orson 's cell phone from my pocket . 
 dialing luther 's number , i held up the half-empty squeeze bottle . 
 `` the rest of it 's yours , '' i said . 
 `` find out if luther can meet at ricki 's tomorrow night . 
 and be peppy . 
 do n't sound like you 've been drugged up in a trunk for twenty hours . 
 fuck anything up and you 'll die slowly of thirst . 
 i mean it . 
 i 'll keep you on the brink of madness for days . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` brevity , '' i said . 
 then i pushed the talk button and held the phone to his ear . 
 on the first ring , a man answered . 
 i could clearly hear his voice . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` luth ? '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 i dribbled water onto orson 's face . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 orson asked . 
 `` gateway to the west . 
 just crossing the mississippi . 
 i can see the arch right now . 
 where are you ? '' 
 i mouthed , `` eastern nebraska . '' 
 `` eastern nebraska , '' orson said . 
 `` you staying with mandy tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` yeah , you wan na hook up at ricki 's ? '' 
 `` what time ? '' 
 `` how 's nine ? 
 i 'm staying tonight in st. louis , so i wo n't be in scottsbluff till late tomorrow . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i moved my finger across my throat . 
 `` hey , luth , you 're breaking up . '' 
 i pressed the button to end the call and returned the phone to my pocket . 
 then i gave orson the rest of the bottle and watched the desperation finally retreat from his eyes . 
 `` you need something to eat ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 've got ta piss , andy . '' 
 `` ca n't help you there . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do , piss in the trunk ? '' 
 `` it 's your car . '' 
 i opened the back door and fished out a syringe and a vial of ativan from the fanny pack . 
 another car passed us , heading toward lincoln , and i suddenly felt anxious to get on the road again . 
 `` turn over , orson . '' 
 i stuck him with the needle . 
 `` andy , '' he said as i put my hands on the trunk to close it , `` you 're very good at this . '' 
 the coffee and sinus medication had worn off hours ago , and on the tediously straight roads of western nebraska , i now operated solely on the determination not to fall asleep . 
 i 'd been driving for twenty-three hours and thirty-five minutes , and i existed in a limbo between sleep and consciousness . 
 occasionally , my forehead would touch the steering wheel , and i 'd jerk back up and cherish a five-minute oasis of petrified alertness . 
 then my mind would drift back , and i 'd lose consciousness for that split second and scare myself to death all over again . 
 heading up highway 26 , fifty miles northwest of ogallala , the prairie awoke . 
 a peach sunrise was lifting out of the eastern horizon , and as the light strengthened , the land spread and spread and spread , farther than it seemed possible . 
 it had changed overnight , and because i had not witnessed the gradual topographic expansion , this sudden revelation was staggering . 
 for an easterner driving west , the stark vastness of the land and sky is always inconceivable , and i imagined a symphonic aubade to accompany the majesty of the morning . 
 at 6:30 a.m. , i crossed the tree-lined north platte river into the town of bridgeport . 
 in the southern distance , the tips of numerous sandstone buttes were catching coral sunbeams . 
 though several miles away , it looked like i could reach out and touch them . 
 highway 26 cut through the sleeping town . 
 on the western fringe , there was a motel called courthouse view -lrb- named after a prominent butte five miles south -rrb- , and i got a room there . 
 since i 'd given orson enough ativan to maintain sedation for the better part of the day , i left him in the trunk , walked inside , and crashed . 
 i 'd be meeting luther in fourteen hours . 
 i checked out of courthouse view in the late afternoon , and heading northwest toward scottsbluff on highway 92 , i started mulling over what i 'd gotten myself into with luther . 
 in all honesty , i 'd done a stupid thing . 
 it was already 5:07 , and that left me a little under four hours to determine how i would kill him , dispose of him , and leave town unnoticed . 
 finally , i concluded that i was being hasty and reckless . 
 besides , i could n't get past the idea that i was going to get myself killed f ** king with this guy . 
 so fifteen miles outside of scottsbluff , i decided not to go through with it . 
 i 'd been methodical up to this point , and while it was tempting to orchestrate a quick , clever way to do in luther kite , four hours was n't an adequate length of time in which to do it . 
 ricki 's was a true shithole . 
 on the southern outskirts of scottsbluff , in the shadow of the eight-hundred-foot bluff from which the town assumed its name , i pulled into its dirt parking lot and turned off the car . 
 stepping outside into the dry , tingling cold , night was imminent , though the sun still illumined the prairie and the spire of chimney rock , tiny but distinct in the distance . 
 the tourist brochure in the motel claimed that the five-hundred-foot inselberg had been a landmark for pioneers on the oregon trail-the first indication of the rocky mountains , which lay ahead . 
 walking toward the trunk with two squeeze bottles of water and three bags of potato chips , i stared at the golden sandstone buttes of the wildcat hills , thinking , i 'd like to pick one of those hills and lie down on top and never leave . 
 i 'd just sit out there and erode , alone . 
 i 'd bought the food at courthouse view , but the motel parking lot had been too crowded to risk opening the trunk . 
 ricki 's parking lot was empty except for orson 's lexus and a pickup truck . 
 orson was awake . 
 even the sallow evening light burned his eyes , so he closed them . 
 he 'd pulled his cuffed hands under his feet , so they were now in front of him . 
 `` here , '' i said , placing a squeeze bottle in his hands . 
 as he drank it like a baby , i dropped the bags of chips and the other bottle inside . 
 `` it wo n't be much longer , '' i said . 
 `` we 're just thirty-five miles from the wyoming border . '' 
 i had a syringe prepared and i shot another 4-mg vial of ativan into his ass . 
 i located a pen in the glove compartment and tore off a piece of the vermont state map . 
 i 'd considered just calling luther and having orson cancel our meeting , but i had misgivings about my brother 's current ability to mask the atrophy in his voice . 
 so stuffing the pen , paper , and glock into my jeans pocket and pulling on a gray wool sweater , i locked the car and walked across the dirt parking lot toward the bar . 
 above the door , a neon sign displayed ricki 's in blue cursive . 
 i walked under the humming sign and entered the deserted bar , which was smaller than my living room . 
 its ceiling was obtrusively low , booths lined the walls , and with only two windows , one on either side of the door , i felt as though i were stepping into a smoky closet . 
 the sole patron , i sat down at a bar stool on the corner . 
 the bar was constructed of unsanded railroad ties that still smelled of tar . 
 names , oaths , and declarations of love and enmity had been carved into the black wood . 
 as i pulled out the pen and scrap of paper , a woman emerged from the kitchen . 
 `` we ai n't serving yet , '' she said . 
 she wore tight jeans shorts and a black turtleneck with bearcats : '94 state champs across the chest . 
 her black hair was wiry and stiff , and she 'd have benefited from orthodontic care . 
 `` your door was open , '' i said . 
 `` well shit . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` whatever you have on tap is fine . '' 
 while she grabbed a glass out of the freezer and commenced filling it with bronze ale , i started what would be orson 's note to luther . 
 l-i made a she set the glass down on the railroad tie . 
 `` dollar fifty . '' 
 i handed her two of orson 's dollar bills and told her to keep the change . 
 foam spilled down the sides of the glass . 
 i took a sip , tasted flecks of ice in the draft , and continued scrawling on the scrap : friend this morning-you know how that goes . 
 in fact , she composed this letter before i ... anyhow , i though it prudent to leave town asap . 
 sorry we could n't meet tonight . 
 have fun in sas . 
 o. i folded the torn map into a neat little square , wrote `` luther '' across the town of burlington , and set it on the bar . 
 then i sat there , drinking my beer , thinking , so people actually leave notes with bartenders . 
 how many times have i written this scene ? 
 it does n't feel real . 
 sipping the beer , i surveyed the empty bar-unadorned concrete walls , no jukebox or neon beer signs . 
 there were n't even cute cowboy slogans to fake the prairie culture for transient easterners like me . 
 just a drab , hopeless place for hopeless westerners to get drunk . 
 i finished the beer , and as though her ears were attuned to the sound of empty glasses clinking the wood , she came back through the door from the kitchen and stood in front of me . 
 `` you want another one ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no thanks . 
 where is everyone ? '' 
 she looked at her watch . 
 `` it 's only six , '' she said . 
 `` they do n't start getting here till seven . '' 
 a car pulled up outside . 
 i heard its tires lock up in the dirt . 
 `` where 's ricki ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that son of a bitch is dead . '' 
 she took my empty glass and set it in a brown plastic container . 
 `` would you do something for me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said joylessly . 
 she was possibly the most indifferent person i 'd ever met . 
 i wondered why she did n't just go slice her wrists . 
 i pushed the square of paper across the ties . 
 `` i 'm supposed to meet a friend here at nine , but i ca n't . 
 will you give this to him ? '' 
 she looked suspiciously at the square of paper , then picked it up and jammed it in her back pocket . 
 a car door slammed outside . 
 `` what 's he look like ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` shoulder-length black , black hair . 
 even darker than yours . 
 very white . 
 late twenties . 
 fairly tall . 
 dark eyes . '' 
 at the same instant i heard footsteps approaching the door , she said , `` well hell , ai n't that him ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder and watched luther kite walk through the door . 
 sliding off the stool , i slipped my hand into my pocket and withdrew the glock . 
 by the time i 'd chambered a bullet , he was standing in my face , looking down on me . 
 i took it in piecemeal . 
 the reek of windex . 
 his blue windbreaker . 
 ebony hair against a smooth cheek . 
 my finger moving once . 
 luther falling into me , clutching . 
 screaming behind the railroad ties . 
 gasping . 
 blood on nylon . 
 my right hand warm and wet . 
 running through the dirt to the car . 
 cold . 
 the spire of chimney rock now dark . 
 the rushing prairie and the maroon hills as i sped toward wyoming . 
 30 i pulled over after midnight onto the shoulder of i-80 , halfway through wyoming , outside the town of wamsutter . 
 there was no moon , so i had no sense of the land , except that it was even more expansive and forsaken than nebraska . 
 pushing the suitcases onto the floor and curling up in the backseat , i closed my eyes . 
 when cars passed on the interstate , the lexus shuddered . 
 i fell asleep wondering if ricki 's had really happened . 
 i awoke at 3:30 a.m. to the sound of orson moaning . 
 when i climbed out and opened the trunk , he was flailing around inside , though his eyes were closed . 
 i stirred him from the nightmare , and as he opened his eyes and regained cognizance of his surroundings , he sat up . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` middle of wyoming . '' 
 `` i 'm so thirsty . '' 
 `` you 'll have to wait till tomorrow . '' 
 he stretched out his arms and yawned . 
 `` i heard a gunshot , '' he said . 
 `` orson , how do i find the cabin ? '' 
 he lay back down . 
 `` will you give me another shot ? '' 
 i sat on the bumper . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` this is i-eighty , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` stay on eighty till you hit rock springs . 
 it 's in the southwest corner of the state . 
 from rock springs , take one ninety-one north and start watching the odometer . 
 when you 've gone seventy miles , you 're gon na have to pull over and bring me up . 
 i 'll take you the rest of the way . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` are we heading for it tonight ? '' 
 `` nah , i 'm wiped . 
 i 'm gon na sleep till morning . '' 
 `` andy , did you kill luther ? '' 
 `` i chickened out , '' i said , standing up . 
 `` so you left him a note . '' 
 `` i know i - '' `` you 're f ** ked up . 
 i 'll go get your shot . '' 
 over the course of two thousand miles , it was bound to happen . 
 tuesday morning , i 'd passed the exits for red desert , table rock , bitter creek , and point of rocks , when thirty miles east of rock springs , i heard the whine of a siren-a highway patrol suv crowded my bumper . 
 with my glock wedged into the pouch behind the passenger seat , i pulled over into the emergency lane , reassuring myself , why would he want to search the car ? 
 orson 's unconscious . 
 i 've got the proper license and registration . 
 ricki 's may not have even happened . 
 i 'm golden . 
 the officer tapped on my window . 
 i lowered it . 
 `` license and registration , '' he said in that austere , authoritative tone , and removing the papers from the glove compartment , i smiled and handed them through the window . 
 he walked bowlegged back to his hunter green bronco and climbed inside . 
 the clock in the dashboard read 10:15 , but it felt later . 
 the prairie had turned arid . 
 across the northwestern horizon , a chain of tan hills rose out of the flatland . 
 gray clouds massed beyond . 
 i noticed the sweater and jeans i 'd worn into ricki 's lying on the floorboard on the passenger side . 
 it happened . 
 they were stained with luther 's blood , and i regretted not having thrown them out last night at the gas station in cheyenne . 
 i started to scoop them up , but the gravelly crunch of the officer 's footsteps stopped me . 
 i righted myself and looked back through the open window into his face . 
 the officer was my age . 
 he reminded me of a lawman in a movie , though i could n't recall which one . 
 `` know why i stopped you , mr. parker ? '' 
 he asked , handing back orson 's license and registration . 
 i placed them on the passenger seat . 
 `` no sir , officer . '' 
 he removed his reflective sunglasses and stared down at me through hard , pale eyes . 
 `` you were swerving all over the goddamn road . '' 
 `` i was ? '' 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 a gust of wind lifted his hat , which he caught and shelved under his arm . 
 he had unruly blond hair , the variety that , if allowed to grow out , might bush into an afro . 
 the image of the officer with a blond afro lightened my heart , and i chortled . 
 `` what 's funny ? '' 
 `` nothing , sir . 
 i 'm not drunk . 
 i 'm tired . 
 i 've been driving for the past two days . '' 
 `` from vermont ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 he glanced at the suitcases in the backseat . 
 `` traveling alone ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` which one of them suitcases is yours ? '' 
 how sly . 
 `` both of them . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` and you only been on the road since sunday ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` must be in some kind of hurry . '' 
 `` no , not really . 
 i just wanted to see how fast i could cross the country . '' 
 i thought he might grin at my ambition , but he remained as stolid as ever . 
 `` where you headed ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` california . '' 
 `` whereabouts in california ? '' 
 `` l.a. '' `` eighty do n't go to l.a. eighty goes to san francisco . '' 
 `` i know , but i wanted to drive through wyoming , seeing as how i 've never seen this part of the country . 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` it 's f ** kin ' shitland . '' 
 i gazed into the gold badge above his green breast pocket , filled with the presentiment that he was on the verge of ordering me out of the vehicle . 
 `` well , you ought to know that you 're heading into one hell of a storm , '' he said . 
 `` snowstorm ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 forecast says it 's supposed to get real bad . '' 
 `` thanks for the warning . 
 i had n't heard . '' 
 `` might want to find a motel to hole up in . 
 maybe in rock springs , or salt lake , if you make it that far . '' 
 `` i 'll consider that . '' 
 he looked askance at my face ; he 'd noticed my fading bruises . 
 `` someone hit you ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` when did that happen ? '' 
 `` at a bar this past weekend . '' 
 `` must 've been one hell of a fight . '' 
 everything was one hell of a something with this guy . 
 i was definitely putting him in a book . 
 `` looks like you took a few knocks there , '' he said . 
 `` yeah , but you should see the other guy . '' 
 that threadbare cliche got him . 
 he cracked a smile and , looking off across the wasteland , reckoned that he 'd better get going . 
 peering into the rearview mirror , i watched him saunter back to the bronco . 
 cool f ** king cucumber . 
 and i meant me . 
 rock springs was an ugly brown town , dedicated to the extraction of coal , oil , and a mineral called trona from deep beneath the surrounding hills . 
 it was larger and more industrial than i 'd anticipated , and i wondered what twenty thousand people did for fun in this northeast boundary of the great basin desert . 
 i pulled into the congested parking lot of a supermarket . 
 it had been raining and snowing for the last half hour , the flakes sticking to the desert but melting on the sun-warmed pavement . 
 jogging through the windblown snow toward the entrance , i feared that at any moment the roads would accept the ice , and then we 'd never reach the cabin . 
 the supermarket was an entropic battlefield-frenzied shoppers compulsively stripping the shelves of bread , milk , and eggs . 
 because i did n't know what orson had stocked at the cabin , i grabbed a bit of everything-canned food , fruit , cereal , loaves of white bread , even several bottles of the best wines they had -lrb- though they were quite unexceptional -rrb- . 
 the checkout lines stretched halfway down the aisles , and i 'd started to roll my shopping cart to the back of one , when i realized i 'd have to wait for an hour just to pay . 
 fuck this . 
 you 've done a hell of a lot worse than steal . 
 so i pushed the cart right on through the automatic doors , back out into the storm . 
 the parking lot was frosted now , blanching as the snow swept down in torrents . 
 behind the strip mall , red cliffs stood out sharply against the white , and it occurred to me that i 'd never seen a desert snowfall . 
 upon reaching the lexus , i opened the back door and began shoveling groceries on top of my suitcase and walter 's . 
 orson was making a racket . 
 i told him to shut up , said we were almost home . 
 the parking space beside mine was empty , so i left the cart there and opened the driver 's door . 
 `` excuse me , sir ? '' 
 an obese woman bundled up in a puffy pink parka , which did not flatter her proportions , stared at me quizzically from the trunk of the lexus . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what 's that sound ? '' 
 she tapped on the trunk . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` i think there 's someone in your trunk . '' 
 i heard it , too , orson shouting again , his voice muffled but audible . 
 he was saying something about killing me if i did n't give him a drink of water . 
 `` there 's nothing in there , '' i said . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 `` is it a dog ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` no . 
 actually , i 'm a hit man . 
 there 's someone in my trunk , and i 'm taking them out into the desert to shoot them in the head and bury them . 
 wan na come along ? '' 
 she laughed , her face rumpling . 
 `` oh my , that 's rich ! 
 very rich ! '' 
 she said , chuckling maniacally . 
 she walked away , and i climbed into the lexus and backed out of the parking space . 
 the pavement was becoming icy , so i drove tentatively out of the parking lot and back onto highway 191 , as nervous as a southerner on wheels in a snowstorm . 
 31 wind blasted the car . 
 the road had disappeared . 
 i 'd been following a single set of tire tracks for the last forty miles . 
 leaving rock springs , almost four hours ago , they 'd cut down to the pavement . 
 but as i plowed north up the mind-numbingly straight trajectory of highway 191 , the contrast between the blacktop and the snow had dissipated . 
 now , looking through the furious windshield wipers , i strained to see the faintest indentation in the snow . 
 it would soon be too deep to negotiate . 
 even now , i felt the tires slide at the slightest pressure on the accelerator or the brake . 
 aside from a hurricane that came inland into the piedmont of north carolina seven years ago , this was the worst weather i 'd ever seen . 
 precisely seventy miles north of rock springs , i stopped the car in the middle of the abandoned highway . 
 sitting for a moment in the warm leather seat , i stared through the glass at snow that fell as hard and fast as rain . 
 beyond one hundred feet , the white was inscrutable , and still the visibility continued to diminish . 
 a violent downdraft joggled the car and whisked the fallen snow off the road . 
 with the pavement revealed , i saw that the tires straddled the dotted line . 
 i turned off the engine and , grasping the keys , opened the door and stepped into the storm . 
 driving snow filled my eyes , and , shielding my face against the side of my arm , i struggled toward the trunk . 
 three inches had already accumulated on the road , more upon the desert . 
 once the snow depth exceeded all shrubbery except the tallest sagebrush and greasewood , we would have no point of reference by which to follow the road . 
 but we have time , i thought , unlocking the trunk and bracing against another icy gust . 
 this storm is just beginning . 
 orson was conscious , and his dark , swollen eyes widened when he saw the snow . 
 it collected in his hair . 
 there were red lines across his face from hours of sleeping on the carpet , and his lips were parched and split . 
 `` we might be in trouble , '' i said . 
 `` i want you to put your hands behind your back , 'cause i 'm gon na undo your feet . 
 put 'em up here . '' 
 he hung his legs out of the trunk , and i removed the bicycle lock from his ankles . 
 tossing it back into a corner of the trunk , i helped my brother climb out and told him to go around to the passenger door . 
 by the time i 'd returned to my seat and adjusted the vents to their maximum output , my clothes were soaked from the snow . 
 i opened the passenger door and orson got in . 
 leaving his hands cuffed behind his back , i reached across his lap and shut the door . 
 we sat there for a moment without speaking . 
 i turned off the windshield wipers . 
 the snow fell and melted on the heated glass . 
 the grayness darkened . 
 `` we 're exactly seventy miles north of rock springs , '' i said . 
 orson stared out the windshield . 
 `` we near the dirt road ? '' 
 `` probably within a half mile . 
 but when it 's like this , it might as well be a hundred . '' 
 `` the cabin 's on that side , right ? '' 
 i pointed out my window . 
 `` yeah . 
 somewhere out there . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you ca n't find it ? '' 
 `` not in this . '' 
 concern had tensed his jaw and reduced the gleam in his blue eyes . 
 `` let 's try , '' i said . 
 `` it 's better than - '' `` look . 
 about five miles that way into the desert '' - he nodded at the swirling grayness out my window - `` there 's a ridge . 
 you probably remember it . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 so ? '' 
 `` if i ca n't see that ridge , i have no way of knowing where we are in relation to the cabin . 
 hell , we could drive that way , but it 'd be a shot in the dark , and we 'd probably get stuck . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 i turned off the engine . 
 `` i should 've stopped in rock springs for the night . '' 
 `` probably so . 
 but you did n't know it 'd be like this . '' 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 i wiped the snowmelt from my sleek bald head . 
 `` you look like me , '' orson said . 
 `` what 's that about ? '' 
 `` you thirsty ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i fed him a full bottle of tepid water . 
 `` orson , '' i said . 
 `` you try anything . 
 one thing . 
 i 'll kill you . '' 
 `` i believe it . '' 
 the dashboard clock read 4:07 . 
 i watched it turn to 4:08 , then 4:09 . 
 `` it 'll be dark out there soon , '' i said . 
 sweat trilled down my chest and my legs . 
 orson leaned back in the seat and closed his eyes . 
 he smelled of urine . 
 his robe was soiled , and i felt ashamed i had n't let him use the bathroom properly since vermont . 
 the seconds ticked on : 4:10 . 
 4:11 . 
 4:12 . 
 `` i ca n't stand this , '' i said , and i started the car . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na find that dirt road . '' 
 `` andy . 
 andy ! '' 
 i 'd shifted the car into drive , and with my foot on the accelerator , i looked over at orson . 
 `` quit being stupid , '' he said calmly . 
 `` you are n't gon na find the road . 
 you are n't gon na find the cabin . 
 this is a full-fledged blizzard , and if you get us stuck off this highway , we are f ** ked . 
 now , we are n't leaving this car anytime soon . 
 that 's a given . 
 so let 's wait it out here , in the middle of a highway , where we at least know where we are . 
 if you try to find that dirt road , you 're gon na put us in the middle of a desert in a whiteout . '' 
 `` all we have to do is go straight . 
 the cabin 's that way . 
 we 'll go straight for - '' `` which way 's straight ? 
 that way ? 
 that way ? 
 that way ? 
 it all looks straight to me ! '' 
 i punched the gas , and the tail end of the lexus fishtailed . 
 letting off , i pressed more gently , and the tires found the pavement and gave us solid forward momentum . 
 at forty miles an hour , i turned into the desert . 
 the tires sank into the powder , and our speed slowed to thirty . 
 the snow was twice as deep as on the road , and though i felt we might lose traction at any second , i maintained control . 
 steering between sagebrush , i squinted through the windshield , looking for that long , straight swath of white that would be unmarred by vegetation . 
 it would extend westward , a thin white ribbon in the snow , and we 'd follow it and find the cabin . 
 orson gaped at me . 
 `` you see anything ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you looking ? '' 
 the engine labored to keep the wheels turning , and the speedometer needle jigged between twenty and twenty-five . 
 i watched it uneasily . 
 `` circle back , '' he said . 
 `` do it now and we might reach the highway . 
 but if you let this car stop out here , we do n't have a prayer . '' 
 `` look for the dirt road , '' i said . 
 `` andy - '' `` look for the f ** king road ! '' 
 four minutes passed before i realized he was right . 
 i could n't see farther than fifty feet beyond the hood of the car , and with the needle hovering at ten , i doubted if we had had the velocity to return to the highway . 
 `` we 'll go back , '' i said , easing the steering wheel to the right . 
 the back end jinked left and the tires instantly lost traction . 
 panicking , i stomped the gas , and the car spun 360 degrees . 
 by the time i 'd backed off the accelerator , our speed had dropped under five miles an hour , and there was nothing i could do to regain it . 
 the lexus came to rest against a shrub of sagebrush . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said . 
 `` do n't say anything . '' 
 touching the gas gingerly , the tires spun , but they did n't achieve traction . 
 i clenched the steering wheel and pushed the pedal into the floor . 
 the engine roared and the tires spewed up a load of snow , and , for a second , dirt . 
 the lexus surged forward into fresh snow , and i shoved my foot harder into the pedal until the rpm indicator redlined , and i could smell the engine cooking . 
 but the tires never met the ground again , and after i 'd overheated the engine , i turned off the car and jerked the keys from the ignition . 
 i opened my door and ran out into the storm . 
 at fifty miles an hour , snowflakes become cold needles , and they relentlessly pricked my face . 
 i bent down and scraped through six inches of powder , thinking , maybe i 'm standing on the dirt road . 
 my hands ached as i clawed through the snow , and i reached the dirt finally , but it was too loose to be a road . 
 staring up into the raging white fog , i screamed until my throat burned . 
 my face stung from the cold , and the snow seeped through my sneakers . 
 this is n't happening , i thought , the dread of being stranded out here with him beginning to suffocate me . 
 this can not be real . 
 32 i climbed back into the lexus and shed my wet clothes . 
 throwing them onto the floorboard of the backseat , i opened my suitcase and put on a clean pair of underwear , a sweatsuit i 'd packed to sleep in , and two pairs of socks . 
 `` should i turn the car on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` will that run down the battery ? '' 
 `` it should n't . 
 but leave it off for now , at least till it 's pitch-black out there . 
 we 'll need it to run all night for the heat . '' 
 he leaned against the window , still haggard and sluggish from the drug . 
 `` how are we on gas ? '' 
 `` half a tank . '' 
 orson brought his legs up into the seat and turned over on his side , his back to me . 
 `` you cold ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a little . '' 
 from walter 's suitcase , i grabbed a pair of sweatpants , wool socks , and a gray sweatshirt featuring the unc insignia in carolina blue . 
 placing them across orson 's lap , i picked up the glock , which had been at my feet , and took the handcuff key from my pocket . 
 `` i 'm gon na uncuff you so you can get out of that nasty robe , '' i said . 
 `` then they 're going right back on . '' 
 i unlocked the handcuffs and removed them from his wrists . 
 disrobing , he dropped the bathrobe at his feet and bundled up in walter 's clothes . 
 i moved to put the cuffs back on him , but he said , `` hold on a second , '' and lowered his sweatpants so he could inspect the burn on his inner thigh . 
 `` it itches , '' he said , and after he 'd scratched around the perimeter of the peppermint patty-size blister , he pulled his sweatpants back up , placed his hands behind his back , and allowed me to cuff him . 
 i tilted my seat back and listened to the wind ravish the car . 
 lightning blinked against the snowy dusk ; thunder promptly followed . 
 `` orson , '' i said , `` i want you to tell me why you killed our mother . '' 
 `` you know . '' 
 he was right . 
 `` i want you to say it . 
 i 'd have come after you for walter 's family . 
 maybe just for me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you would have . '' 
 `` you 're an abomination . 
 i 've got another theory . 
 want to hear it ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said , staring into the storm . 
 `` because she brought you into this world . '' 
 he looked at me like i 'd caught him sniffing panties . 
 the temperature inside the car had already begun to plummet when i selected a box of ritz crackers , a cylinder of provolone cheese , and a bottle of cabernet sauvignon from the stash of groceries . 
 `` we are n't gon na be able to drink this , '' i said . 
 `` no corkscrew . '' 
 `` there 's a pocketknife with one on it in the glove compartment , '' orson said . 
 finding the swiss army knife under a stack of road maps , i uncorked the bottle and swilled the spicy wine . 
 then i tore open the box of crackers and lined them up on my legs . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 i asked , slicing into the smoked cheese with the dull blade . 
 `` here . '' 
 sandwiching a disk of provolone between two crackers , i placed it in his mouth . 
 then i lay back in my seat and watched the night come . 
 once the windshield froze , the snow stuck to the glass . 
 the wind blew so savagely that the flakes clung to every window , and within fifteen minutes , we could see nothing of the blizzard all around us . 
 only the constant shrieking and the cold , voracious energy confirmed its presence . 
 orson noticed the bloody clothes beneath his feet . 
 `` andy , '' he said , `` is that luther 's blood ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` wow . 
 where 'd you do it ? 
 ricki 's ? '' 
 `` we were supposed to meet at nine . 
 i went at six to leave a note with the barkeep that you could n't make it . 
 luther walked in as i was getting ready to leave . 
 if he had n't come early - '' `` he came early because he knew something was n't right . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` he 's smart . 
 but you were , too . 
 you had your gun . 
 otherwise , you 'd be dying right now . '' 
 `` are you sad he 's gone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and that 's nothing against him . 
 we did a lot together . '' 
 `` well , i 'm delighted he 's dead . '' 
 orson smiled . 
 `` he 's was n't all that different from you , andy . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` i happened to him like i happened to you . 
 he just took to it a little faster . '' 
 i stared at orson , astounded . 
 `` you know , you 've done worse than kill me , '' i said . 
 `` you 've wrecked me . 
 you 've taken my mother , my best friend . 
 i ca n't go home . 
 i ca n't return from this . '' 
 `` no , i saved you , andy . 
 your home was a sham . 
 you no longer flit around like everyone else , blind to that black hole you call a heart . 
 be grateful . 
 you now know what you 're capable of . 
 most people never do . 
 but we live honestly , you and i. truth , andy . 
 what did keats say ? 
 it 's beauty . 
 not just pretty truth . 
 we have black hearts , but they 're beautiful . '' 
 we devoured the entire box of crackers and most of the cheese . 
 the wine was diluting my chary vigilance , so i slowed my consumption . 
 when we 'd finished eating , i unzipped my fanny pack . 
 there were two vials of ativan remaining and two vials of versed , but because it was the safer drug , i took the last of the ativan . 
 `` andy , '' he said as i poked the needle into the first vial and began drawing the solution up through its hollow shaft . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you remember the summer they found that man under the interstate behind our house ? '' 
 `` yeah , i remember that . '' 
 orson sat up straight and stared at me , his head cocked to one side , as though he were buried in thought . 
 i drained the second vial and thumped the syringe . 
 it was steadily darkening in the car-beyond twilight now . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` come on , man , i 'm tired . '' 
 `` just tell me what you remember . '' 
 `` we were twelve . 
 it was june . '' 
 `` july . '' 
 `` okay . 
 july . 
 oh , yeah . 
 around the fourth . 
 in fact , it was on the fourth when they found him . 
 i remember that night , sitting in the backyard , holding a sparkler and seeing three police cars pull up on the curb . 
 the officers came running through our backyard with two german shepherds . 
 dad was grilling hamburgers , and we watched the men disappear into the woods . 
 a few minutes later , the dogs started going crazy and dad said , ` sounds like they found whatever it is they 're looking for . ' '' 
 orson smiled . 
 `` willard bass . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` that 's who they found in the tunnel . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you remember his name . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you do n't . '' 
 `` why would i ? '' 
 orson swallowed , eyes asquint . 
 `` he raped me , andy . '' 
 thunder vibrated the glass . 
 i stared into the half-empty bottle of wine between my legs . 
 my fingers wrapped around the cool neck . 
 i lifted the cabernet to my lips and let it run down my throat . 
 `` that did n't happen , '' i said . 
 `` i can look at you and - '' `` and i can look at your face right now and see that you know it did . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` then why do you have a funny feeling in your guts ? 
 like something you have n't touched in years is waking up in the lining of your stomach . '' 
 i took another jammy sip and set the bottle between my feet . 
 `` let me tell you a story , '' he said . 
 `` see if - '' `` no . 
 i 'm giving you this so i can sleep . 
 i 'm not gon na sit here and listen to - '' `` do you have a cigarette burn on the end of your dick ? '' 
 it felt as though ants were traversing the back of my neck . 
 `` me , too , '' he said . 
 `` that did n't happen . 
 i remember now . 
 it was a story you made up after those kids found him . '' 
 `` andy . '' 
 i did n't want to know , but i did . 
 i sensed it had always been there , tucked away in an alley of my memory , where i could walk by and know that something awful lurked there , without ever wandering down the corridor to behold it with clarity . 
 `` it happened late one afternoon during a thunderstorm , '' he said . 
 `` in a drainage tunnel that ran beneath the interstate . 
 the water was only a couple inches deep and the tunnel was high enough for a man to walk upright in . 
 we played there all the time . 
 `` we 'd been exploring the woods since lunch , when a line of storms blew in . 
 to escape the squall , we ran down to the creek and followed it up to the tunnel . 
 thought we 'd be safe from lightning under the concrete , but we were standing in running water . '' 
 i see you in the dank tunnel darkness . 
 `` i was telling you , '' he continued , `` that mom was gon na whip our asses for staying out in the storm . '' 
 i turned away from orson and set the syringe on the floorboard . 
 night was full-blown , and darkness pervaded the car , so orson was imperceptible beside me . 
 i only saw his words , scarcely audible over the moan of the storm , as they dragged me into that alley . 
 our laughter reverberates through the tunnel . 
 orson splashes me with water , and i splash it back onto his skinny prepubescent legs . 
 we stand at the mouth of the tunnel , where the runoff drops two feet into a waist-deep muddy pool that we think is filled with snakes . 
 two hundred feet away , at the opposite end of the tunnel , we hear the noise of careless footsteps in shallow water . 
 orson and i turn and see that the dot of light at the other end is blocked now by a moving figure . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 orson whispers . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 through the darkness , i detect the microscopic glow of a cigarette . 
 `` come on , '' he whines . 
 `` let 's go . 
 we 're gon na get in trouble . '' 
 thunder shakes the concrete , and i step across the dirty current and stand by my brother . 
 he tells me he 's afraid . 
 i am , too . 
 it begins to hail , chunks of ice the size of ping-pong balls pelting the forest floor and flopping fatly into the orange pool . 
 more scared of the storm than the approaching footsteps , we wait , apprehensive . 
 the tobacco cherry waxes , and we soon catch the first waft of smoke . 
 the man who emerges from the shadow is stocky and bald , older than our father , with an undomesticated gray beard and forearms thick as four-by-fours . 
 he wears filthy army fatigues , and though hardly taller , he outweighs us by a hundred pounds . 
 staggering right up between us , he looks us up and down in a utilitarian fashion , which does not unnerve me like it should . 
 i still do n't know about some things . 
 `` i been watching you all afternoon , '' he says . 
 `` never had twins . '' 
 i 'm not sure what he means . 
 he has a northern accent , and a deep voice that rumbles when he speaks , like a growling animal . 
 his breath is rancid , smoky , and sated with alcohol . 
 `` eenie , meanie , minie , moe . 
 catch a tiger by her toe . 
 if she hollers , let her go . 
 eenie , meanie , minie , moe . '' 
 he points a thick grease-stained index finger into orson 's chest . 
 i 'm getting ready to ask what he 's doing , when a fist i never see coming catches me clean across the jaw . 
 i come to consciousness with the side of my face in the water , my vision blurred , and orson moaning . 
 `` keep crying like that , boy , '' the man says , winded . 
 `` that 's nice . 
 real nice . '' 
 my sight clears , but i do n't understand why orson is on his knees in the water , with the man draped over him , his enormous villous legs pressed up against the back of orson 's hairless thighs . 
 his olive pants and underwear pulled down around his black boots , the man hugs him tightly as they rock back and forth . 
 `` hot damn , '' the man whispers . 
 `` oh , good god . '' 
 orson screeches . 
 he sounds like our cocker spaniel puppy , and still i do n't understand . 
 the man and orson look at me at the same instant and see that i 'm conscious and curious . 
 orson shakes his head and sobs harder . 
 i cry , too . 
 `` boy , '' the man says to me , his face slick with sweat . 
 `` do n't you move . 
 i 'll twist your brother 's little neck off and roll it like a bowling ball . '' 
 so i lie there with my face in the water , watching the man moan . 
 he closes his eyes and starts hugging orson faster and faster . 
 as he comes , he bites orson 's shoulder through a blue t-shirt , and my brother howls . 
 the man looks so happy . 
 `` ah ! 
 ahh ! 
 ahhh ! 
 ahhh ! 
 ahhhhhh ! '' 
 willard pulls out and orson collapses into the water . 
 there 's blood all over my brother 's ass . 
 it runs down the backs of his legs . 
 he lies in the water , half-naked , too stunned to cry or even pull up his pants . 
 willard takes a cigarette from his breast pocket and lights it . 
 `` you 're a sweet piece , '' he says , reaching down toward my brother , who 's still curled up in the water . 
 orson screams . 
 i sit up against the concrete wall . 
 it 's no longer hailing , and willard stumbles through the water toward me , his pants still down around his ankles . 
 i 've never seen a man 's erection before , and though beginning to fade , it 's ungodly huge . 
 he stops in front of me . 
 `` i ca n't love you like i did him , '' he says , dragging on the cigarette . 
 `` ever sucked on a dick ? '' 
 i shake my head , and he steps into me . 
 my jaw is swollen , but i forget the pain when i smell him . 
 he holds himself in his hand and brushes it against my cheek . 
 `` you put that in your mouth , boy , or i 'll twist your head off . '' 
 tears slide down my cheeks . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't do it . '' 
 `` boy , you take that now . 
 and you do me good . 
 like you mean it . 
 and mind those braces . '' 
 the moist bulbous head of his c ** k touches my lips , and i take it for a full minute . 
 a grapefruit-size rock drops beside me into the water , and willard staggers back into the opposite wall and sinks down into a sitting position in the water . 
 he 's dazed , and i do n't understand what 's happened until i see orson 's hand lift the rock back out of the water . 
 because willard is holding his left temple , he never sees orson wind up again . 
 the rock strikes him dead in the face this time , and i hear the fracture of bone . 
 the man 's face is purple now , rearranged . 
 on his hands and knees , he struggles toward the mouth of the tunnel . 
 taking the rock again , orson mounts him , like we used to ride on our father 's back , and brings the granite down into the man 's skull . 
 willard sustains four blows before his arms give out . 
 with both hands , orson lifts the rock up high and dashes the man 's head out like a piece of soft fruit . 
 when he 's finished , he turns to me , still astride willard , his face speckled with blood and pulp . 
 `` wan na hit him some ? '' 
 he asks , though there is n't much left to hit . 
 `` no . '' 
 he lobs the rock into the pool and comes over and sits down beside me . 
 i lean over and vomit . 
 when i sit back up , i ask him , `` what 'd he do to you ? '' 
 `` put his thing in my butt . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 look at what else . '' 
 orson shows me his tiny penis . 
 there 's a blister on the end , and it makes me cry to see it . 
 i walk over to willard and roll him over . 
 he does n't have a face . 
 his skull reminds me of a cracked watermelon shell . 
 i find the soggy pack of cigarettes in his breast pocket . 
 the lighter 's inside the pack , so i take it , along with one cigarette , and sit back down beside my brother . 
 lighting the cigarette , i pull down my pants and brand myself . 
 `` we 're still the same , '' i say , whimpering as the pain comes on . 
 willard bass was a fly buffet when the dogs found him . 
 though our parents forbade us from playing in the woods for the remainder of the summer , they never seemed to notice that their sons had been hollowed . 
 it 's funny . 
 i do n't remember forgetting . 
 silence reigned for a long time after orson finished . 
 the darkness inside the car became complete , and the storm raged on . 
 `` guess you think that explains a lot , '' i said . 
 `` no . 
 you want to know what i think ? 
 i think if you and i had never gone into that tunnel , we 'd still be in this desert . 
 i am not who i am because i was raped when i was twelve . 
 willard bass was just gas on my fire . 
 when will you see it ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what 's really in you . '' 
 `` i do see it , orson . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and i hate it . 
 i fear it . 
 i respect it . 
 and if i thought for a moment it could ever control me , i 'd put a gun in my mouth . 
 time for your injection . '' 
 33 when i woke up , i did n't hear the wind . 
 the clock read 10:00 a.m. orson was breathing heavily , and though i shook him , he would n't stir . 
 it had grown uncomfortably hot inside the car , so i shut the vents . 
 i turned the windshield wipers on , and they knocked off a wedge of snow . 
 the sun shone into the front seat with eye-splitting brilliance . 
 the snow depth had risen above the hood , and as i stared out across the white desert , i saw only an occasional tangle of mature sagebrush poking up through the snow . 
 the sky was orchid blue . 
 i saw a white ridge several miles ahead , and i wondered if it was the same one that rose behind the cabin and the shed . 
 watching my brother sleep in the passenger seat , i felt a knot swell in my stomach . 
 bastard . 
 i 'd dreamed about willard bass making me take it . 
 the rage lingered , festering in my gut , and the more i shunned it , the more it swelled . 
 he should not have done that to me . 
 `` orson , wake up ! '' 
 i slapped his face , and his eyes opened . 
 `` oh my , '' he mumbled , sitting up . 
 `` there 's three feet on the ground . '' 
 orson cracked his neck . 
 `` roll down my window . '' 
 a clump of snow fell onto orson 's lap as the glass lowered into the door . 
 `` i see the cabin , '' he said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` two black specks on the horizon . '' 
 i squinted through the passenger window . 
 `` are you sure that 's it ? '' 
 `` there is n't another structure within fifteen miles . '' 
 `` how far is it ? '' 
 `` a mile or two . '' 
 i reached into the backseat , grabbed an armful of clothes from the suitcases , and dropped them on the console between orson and me . 
 `` i 'm gon na let you out of the cuffs till we reach the cabin . '' 
 `` we 're going now ? '' 
 he asked , incredulous . 
 `` there 's no way we 'll make it . '' 
 `` orson , we can see it . 
 we got less than a quarter of a tank of gas left . 
 that 's not enough for another night of heat , and what if there 's another storm coming ? 
 we 're going . '' 
 `` any of these clothes waterproof ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then forget it . 
 that ice will saturate cotton , and it 'll take us several hours at least to reach the cabin in snow this deep . 
 ever heard of frostbite ? '' 
 `` i 'll risk it . 
 i 'm not staying in this car another night with you . '' 
 i dug the handcuff key out of my pocket . 
 `` i 'm sorry i told you about willard , '' he said . 
 `` andy ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you gon na forget again ? '' 
 `` do n't say another f ** king word to me . '' 
 the snow came up just shy of my waist . 
 i 'd never walked in snow so deep that each step required you to expend the energy of a toddler climbing a staircase . 
 i made orson walk several yards ahead of me , and , just as he 'd predicted , we had n't taken fifty awkward steps before the ice began to soak through the layers of my khakis and sweatpants . 
 we 'd gone a quarter of a mile when the initial icy burn set in above my knees , like a swarm of needles poking in and out of my raw red skin . 
 it hurt to walk . 
 it hurt to stand still , and by the time we 'd hiked a mile through the snow , even my eyes burned from the sunny crystal glare . 
 i wondered how i could possibly reach that minuscule black dot , which still seemed a fixture on the horizon . 
 orson trudged on at his tireless gait , showing no sign of pain or fatigue . 
 the burning in my legs had grown so unendurable that my forehead broke out into a cold sweat . 
 `` hold up ! '' 
 i shouted , and orson stopped . 
 he was twenty feet ahead , bundled up in two t-shirts , a sweater , a sweatshirt , and a black leather jacket . 
 his legs appeared bulky beneath the long johns , sweatpants , and jeans i 'd given him from walter 's suitcase . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i just need a breather . '' 
 after a moment , i lifted my grocery-filled suitcase up over my head , and we continued on . 
 my legs and feet turned numb shortly thereafter , so i battled only the stinging in my eyes . 
 the sole relief came from closing my eyes , but i could n't shut them long enough to quell the pain while orson walked uncuffed ahead of me . 
 with the cabin three football fields away , my legs were spectacularly numb . 
 i kept thinking of that medical definition i 'd found for snow blindness while doing research for blue murder-a sunburn directly on the cornea . 
 it watered my eyes just to think of it , and i fixated on locking orson into that spare bedroom and falling asleep under his fleece blanket in the soothing darkness of the cabin . 
 orson glanced back at me , and i could n't believe i had n't noticed it before . 
 he wore my sunglasses . 
 did you swipe them from the top of the dashboard while we dressed for this snow trek ? 
 i was going to scream at him to stop , but i thought , fuck it , we 're almost there . 
 even when squinting , i could n't adequately shield my eyes from the glare , so i let them close entirely , and it felt wonderful . 
 i 'm just going to shut them for a moment , i thought , moving clumsily and blindly now through the snow . 
 after six gargantuan steps , i opened my eyes to check on orson . 
 he was gone . 
 dropping the suitcase , i took the glock out of my waistband and looked in every direction-nothing but smooth unending snow , which drifted randomly in gentle mounds . 
 `` orson ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 my voice cracked and echoed across the blinding white expanse . 
 `` orson ! '' 
 no sound , not even wind . 
 trying to follow his tracks through the snow , my eyes watered , and the salt in the tears exacerbated the sting . 
 i sensed suddenly that someone was running up behind me , and i spun around and pointed the gun back in the direction of the car . 
 the snow sparkled , pristine and empty . 
 fear tickled my loins . 
 the white lexus , half-buried and camouflaged in snow , existed now only as a silver glimmer in the distance . 
 sunlight struck the speck of its windshield like a flake of mica . 
 he 's out there , i thought , turning back toward the cabin . 
 he 's lying in the snow , and all i have to do is follow his footprints . 
 i saw where they ended less than fifty feet ahead . 
 `` stand up ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` i wo n't shoot you , orson ! 
 come on ! 
 do n't do this ! '' 
 nothing moved . 
 i grabbed up the suitcase , and i had taken three steps , when something occurred to me . 
 kneeling down in the snow , i hollowed out a sufficient space to sit . 
 with my leather-gloved hands , i attempted to tunnel into the thirty-six-inch wall of snow , and , to my horror , succeeded . 
 during the storm , the wind had compressed the snowpack , so now i could shovel out a passageway , which barely exceeded one foot in height and two feet in width , while keeping the surface above intact . 
 in essence , a man could tunnel unseen under the snow . 
 i stood up , becoming colder now through my torso . 
 the footprints ahead of me meant nothing . 
 even as i reached the end of orson 's tracks and saw the suitcase he 'd left behind , i knew that he could be anywhere in the immediate vicinity , hiding , waiting just two feet below the surface . 
 dropping the suitcase again , i sprinted off into the snow , running in slowly expanding circles and screaming at my brother to show himself . 
 i ran myself dizzy and finally collapsed on top of our suitcases , back again where orson 's tracks had terminated . 
 on the cusp of blindness , i feared that the numbness in my legs masked tremendous pain , which warmth would soon unthaw . 
 the glock in my hands was useless , and conceding that for the moment he held the advantage , i came to my feet and bounded on through virgin powder toward the cabin . 
 34 reaching into the side pocket of my frozen khakis , i took the key that orson had promised me would unlock the front door . 
 punching it through the icebound keyhole , i turned the key . 
 the door opened ; hauling the suitcases behind me , i entered the cabin . 
 i wagered that no one had been here in months . 
 there was an unpalatable scent in the air , as if i 'd climbed into an attic or a crawl space . 
 my effete vision made the interior of the cabin dusky . 
 i staggered across the stone floor so i could look out the window that faced south , the direction from which we 'd come . 
 though late in the afternoon , the sun blazed as it descended over the bluff . 
 nothing moved in the sprawl of dazzling white , and i took comfort in knowing that were he to approach the cabin now , i would undoubtedly see him . 
 my attention turned from my brother to the morbid condition of my legs . 
 i could feel nothing below the knees , and i imagined this was the sensation an amputee might endure when first walking on a prosthetic appendage . 
 i need heat , i thought , limping toward the kitchen . 
 my snow blindness caused me to see everything in crimson . 
 nothing had changed . 
 orson 's cornucopia of books still lined the walls , and on the northern edge of the living room , the perfectly organized kitchen stood against the wall , minus a functional sink . 
 the doors to the back bedrooms were closed , and when i saw them , and that small monet between the doors , my stomach dropped . 
 i noticed orson 's record player on the stool by the front door , along with the stack of jazz records he 'd left behind . 
 i would 've put on a record , but there was no power , and it dawned on me that i should find the fuel supply and crank the generator before nightfall . 
 beside the stove , i found what i was looking for-the white kerosene heater . 
 i could n't find a corresponding can of kerosene , but when i lifted the heater , i heard a plentiful sloshing of fuel inside its tank . 
 after dragging it into the living room and setting it before the black leather couch , i pressed the electric starter , and , to my surprise , the heater ignited on the first attempt . 
 warmth flooded the subfreezing cabin , and as the drafts of heat splashed at my face , i began removing the sweaters and sweatshirts that had kept me alive on that hike from the car to this cabin . 
 leaving the pile of clothes on the floor , i sank down into the couch , unlaced my boots , and pulled the ice-encrusted shoes off my feet . 
 i stripped the stiff socks , the khakis , sweats , and finally the wet long underwear that stuck to my legs . 
 below my knees , my skin had turned waxy white . 
 i touched my pallid calves , and though they felt cold and hard like a corpse 's , the tissue underneath was still malleable . 
 my feet looked much worse . 
 the ends of my toes were tinged with blue , and when i pinched the soles of my feet , there was no sensation of pain or pressure . 
 i glanced out the window and then , still seeing nothing on the desert , walked into the kitchen . 
 there was a large silver basin on the counter , its interior frosted with the remnants of unbleached flour . 
 i took it out onto the front porch and filled it with snow . 
 the top of the kerosene heater was a level metal plate , exposed directly to the glowing orange coils underneath . 
 i set the bowl of snow on the plate and lay back on the couch to watch it melt . 
 as the pile of snow disappeared into the basin , i could n't shake the pavid feeling that being in this cabin fomented inside of me . 
 i felt as if i 'd come to my own wake and was standing before the casket , looking down into my lifeless face , unnatural beneath the false warm color of my skin . 
 no sound , no wind , no movement in the back bedrooms-my hands trembled . 
 i should not be here . 
 this is very wrong . 
 the snow had been melted for some time when steam began to roll off the surface of the water . 
 reaching forward , i dipped my finger into the bowl . 
 the water was warm , so i used my socks to lift the hot bowl and set it on the floor . 
 then i slid my blue feet into the basin , unable to feel the temperature or even the wetness of the water . 
 lying back on the couch , i closed my eyes as my legs came back to life , their resurrection announced by the tingling between my ankles and knees . 
 after five minutes , i still could n't feel my toes . 
 reaching down , i plunged my hand into the water and found that my feet had cooled it more effectively than two blocks of ice . 
 i set the bowl back on top of the kerosene heater , let the water reheat , and once again submersed my feet . 
 it took two more rounds of cooling and reheating the snowmelt before i felt something awaken in the bones of my toes-the beginning of a deep , freezing burn . 
 i tried to relax , visualizing my lake house in spring and imagining myself sitting out on my back porch beneath the pines , in the presence of the virid forest and the lake-chilled wind . 
 the lukewarm water bit like acid , and i grunted , sweat running into my tender eyes , my feet burning , as though i held them over an open flame . 
 the pain reduced me to whimpering , and though the impulse to withdraw them from the water was enticing , i knew it would n't obviate the burn . 
 i was paying for the cold now , for walking four hours through the snow in leaky boots . 
 i could do nothing but sit on the couch and endure what was perhaps the most virulent pain i 'd ever known . 
 by 6:00 p.m. the pain was sufferable , though i still saw the world in red . 
 it was futile staring out the window for orson . 
 the sun had set , and the desert was blacker than the space between stars . 
 retracting my feet from the cold water , i stood up , wobbly , but relieved to have the feeling returned to my ankles . 
 the ends of my toes were blackening , but there was nothing more i could do . 
 at the very least , i might have saved my feet . 
 who the hell needs pinkie toes ? 
 rummaging through the kitchen drawers , i located a candle and a book of matches . 
 with the flame throwing soft yellow light against the log walls , i checked the dead bolt for the third time and secured the four living room windows . 
 then , clutching the tarnished brass candlestick , i walked through the narrow hallway into the back of the cabin . 
 the key to the dead bolt also unlocked the room that had been my prison . 
 it appeared just as i had left it , meager and confining . 
 though the window in the back wall was still barred , i reached through and tested the latch . 
 then i opened the dresser drawers , which were empty , and peeked under the bed . 
 there was nothing significant in this room , a holding cell , nothing more . 
 i walked back into the hallway and stopped at orson 's door . 
 touching the doorknob , i hesitated . 
 you 're alone . 
 fuck the fear . 
 i stepped inside . 
 the freezer chest stood unlocked beneath the window . 
 i opened it . 
 empty . 
 i locked the window . 
 now he 'd have to break glass to get inside . 
 setting the candle atop orson 's pine dresser , i started opening drawers . 
 the top three were empty , but when i tried the last , it was stuck . 
 yanking on it again , it still would n't open , so i kicked it . 
 the wood squeaked , and jerking back once more on the handles , i pulled the drawer entirely out of the dresser and onto the floor . 
 thank you , god . 
 i inventoried five videotapes , a stack of manila folders , a box of microcassettes , and three mead notebooks . 
 bringing the candle down onto the floor , i held it over the drawer and removed a videotape . 
 i read the label on the tape , written in his straight , microscopic penmanship : `` jessica horowitz : 5-29-92 ; jim yountz : 6-20-92 ; trevor kistling : 6-25-92 ; mandy sommers : 7-06-92 '' - all on one label , and there were five tapes here , not counting the three i 'd destroyed in woodside . 
 i noticed that each tape , without exception , had been recorded during the months of may , june , july , and august : his hunting season . 
 the microcassettes were labeled only by date , and i assumed they contained the same self-absorbed drivel i 'd heard orson dictating in his bed in vermont . 
 lifting a green wire-bound notebook from the drawer , i lay on my stomach and thumbed through the pages by candlelight . 
 this one was full of poetry , every page , front and back . 
 i read a short untitled poem aloud to explore the rhythm of his verse , his direct , protean voice flowing through mine : you are always with me when i lie in bed in the dark when i walk a crowded street when i watch the night sky when i shit when i laugh when i possess them , as you possess me you are omnipotent , but you are n't my god you raised me but did not make me you are gas but not the fire i am deeper i am incalculable i am the two other notebooks contained short stories , brainstorms , and the fragmented thoughts of someone aspiring to write . 
 orson would n't make it as a writer . 
 he could turn a nifty phrase , but there was a general ungainliness and ambiguity in his verse and prose , which would 've doomed him to fail had he ever tried to publish . 
 i wanted to tell him this , and that his poetry was prosaic . 
 i wanted him to watch me burn the notebooks and the tapes . 
 there were three manila folders . 
 the first , titled `` in the news , '' was filled with newspaper clippings regarding the discovery or lack thereof of orson 's victims . 
 the second folder , `` memory lane , '' bulged with photographs , and i studied all of them . 
 i saw myself in half a dozen pictures , but they did n't unglue me like i 'd feared , even the one of me staring down at jeff seconds after his execution . 
 a handful of photographs featured luther doing grisly things to people . 
 in one photo , he stared truculently into the camera with dead , soulless eyes , fingernail marks running down each cheek . 
 in the third folder , `` the minutes , '' orson had chronicled six summers of killing on unlined loose-leaf paper . 
 flipping to the end , i skimmed the synopsis of our time together , until i reached the final paragraph : wyoming : june 2 , 1996 he has n't been as easy or productive as luther , but i see in him potential that transcends my other pupil . 
 so i 'm letting him go . 
 another week here and he 'd lose his mind , when what i want is for his rage to ferment so he becomes drunk on the hate . 
 he is my brother . 
 he is me in so many ways . 
 i love him , and the least i can do is introduce him to himself . 
 though i anticipate bringing him out here again , let me make a prediction : i wo n't have to . 
 he 'll come for me , and there wo n't be anything i can do to prevent it . 
 andy 's smart and remarkably cruel when he needs to be . 
 if he does come for me , i 'll give him the gift , because he 'll be ready . 
 it 's funny-the selflessness he inspires in me . 
 35 the moon came up over the winds , lighting the snowpack like a field of blue diamonds . 
 i simmered a can of pork and beans on top of the kerosene heater , and as they filled the cabin with their sweet , smoky aroma , i surveyed the desert for orson . 
 we 'd left the car at noon , and it was nearly 8:30 . 
 he could n't have stayed alive on the desert this long . 
 the temperature had n't surpassed ten degrees all day , and tramping through the snow in deficient clothing would 've resulted in his freezing to death by now . 
 so he was either dead out there or he 'd found refuge , the only viable shelters being the lexus , the shed , or this cabin . 
 i knew he was n't in the cabin . 
 i 'd checked the four closets , under the two beds , and i knew with certainty that i was the sole occupant . 
 the shed glowed in the moonlight . 
 i could see it through the window beside the front door . 
 if i 'd mustered the nerve , i might 've walked outside and searched for tracks leading to the shed . 
 but i did n't have the temerity to go back out into the cold to look for him , especially since my legs were beginning to blister . 
 where are you ? 
 i thought . 
 and what are you going to do ? 
 when i finished my supper , i sat on the floor beside the heater and pulled a shoe box down from the couch . 
 i 'd found it under the defunct kitchen sink , and it contained all sorts of goodies , including indiana , oregon , california , and louisiana state driver 's licenses . 
 in addition to orson thomas and david parker , he was also roger garrison , brad harping , patrick mulligan , and vincent carmichael . 
 he had passports for every name except roger garrison , and flipping through them , i saw that he 'd traveled extensively in europe and south america . 
 the find that pleased me most , however , was the rubber-banded stack of hundred-dollar bills . 
 i counted $ 52,800-plenty to disappear . 
 closing the shoe box , i tossed it into the drawer of videotapes and folders that i 'd carried into the living room . 
 having scoured the cabin , every incriminating piece of evidence was contained in that single drawer , and it gave me great comfort to have it in my possession now . 
 i stood up and walked to the window beside the door . 
 the bluffs soared above the desert a mile behind the shed , like colossal dunes of white sand . 
 orson , i thought . 
 just you now . 
 the only thing left to destroy . 
 if he came for me , it would be at night , but exhaustion wasted my mind and body . 
 i 'll sleep until midnight , i thought . 
 i 'm worthless now anyway . 
 for all i knew , he might never come . 
 he could be lying out there right now , statuesque under the snow . 
 i extinguished the heater and went into his bedroom . 
 wrapped in the fleece blanket , i curled up with the gun beside my pillow , and the handcuffs in my pocket . 
 in the absence of wind and the humming generator , my breathing and my heartbeat produced the only perceptible sound . 
 i dreamed a memory : orson and i are ten years old . 
 the church service has just concluded at third creek baptist church , a chapel in the countryside north of winston-salem where grandmom attends . 
 because it 's the last sunday of the month , the congregation surges through the front doors outside for a covered-dish picnic . 
 beside the small brick building , the epitome of homely baptist churches , a half a dozen picnic tables exhibit a smorgasbord of country cooking . 
 three grills have been going since midmorning , and the smell of hot dogs and hamburgers and a whole smoked pig floods the august afternoon . 
 when we finish eating , orson and i sit under a walnut tree and watch a regiment of ants feast on a discarded watermelon rind . 
 it 's clear and hot , and we sweat copiously under our matching baby blue suits with yellow bow ties . 
 i see her walking toward us , stepping daintily between families , who are gorged and lounging on blankets in the grass . 
 new to the congregation , her knee-length sleeveless dress is the same premature yellow as the sun-scorched poplar leaves . 
 she stops and stands by the watermelon rind . 
 i watch an ant crawl across her unpainted big toe . 
 when she speaks , she makes the most peculiar sound , something akin to a knife blade sliding across a sharpening stone : `` schick . 
 are n't you two just the most precious little things i ever saw ! '' 
 orson and i look up from the ground into her heavily powdered face . 
 her curly platinum hair is rigid , and she smells like a concoction of cheap perfumes . 
 `` darlings ! '' 
 she exclaims , grinning , and we see her false teeth , where broccoli florets still cling . 
 here it comes-that question everyone feels compelled to ask , though orson and i are mirror images of each other . 
 `` are y ' all twins ? '' 
 god , we hate that . 
 i open my mouth to explain how we 're just fraternal twins , but orson stops me with a look . 
 he peers up into her eyes and makes his bottom lip quiver . 
 `` we are now , '' he says . 
 `` what do you mean , young man ? '' 
 `` our triplet brother timmy-he got burned up in the fire three days ago . '' 
 through the powder , her face colors , and she covers her mouth with her hand . 
 `` schick . 
 oh , i am so sorry . 
 i did n't mean to ... '' she squats down , and i 'm pinching the back sides of my calves , trying not to laugh . 
 `` well , he 's with jesus now , '' she says softly , `` so - '' `` no , he was n't saved , '' orson says . 
 `` he was gon na do it this sunday . 
 you think he 's in hell with satan ? 
 i mean , if you are n't saved , that 's where you go , right ? 
 that 's what preacher rob said . '' 
 she stands back up . 
 `` you 'd better talk with your parents about that . 
 schick . '' 
 her feigned giddiness vaporized , she looks off into the bordering wood . 
 with all her makeup , she reminds me of a sad clown . 
 `` schick . 
 well , i 'm terribly sorry , '' she says , and we watch her walk back into the crowd . 
 then we run behind the walnut tree and laugh until tears glisten on our cheeks . 
 i woke and found myself sitting up in orson 's bed , pressing the glock against my temple . 
 nothing surprised me anymore . 
 sliding out from under the fleece blanket , i walked into the living room , the gun at my side . 
 without the warmth of the kerosene heater , the cabin had cooled again , and i bent down to punch the electric starter , when something curdled my blood : i recalled the dream and the woman 's queer nervous tic : schick , schick , schick . 
 instead of lighting the heater as i 'd intended , i unlocked the dead bolt and cracked the front door . 
 subzero night air deluged the cabin . 
 i had n't ventured outside again since arriving at the cabin in the late afternoon , and my tracks ran south toward the car . 
 a surge of adrenaline straightened each hair on my neck-another set of tracks , which i had not made , came directly from the shed , up the steps , to the front door , where i now stood . 
 he 's in the cabin . 
 closing the door , i turned around and chambered a bullet , regretting i 'd not left the votive candles burning in every room . 
 i stepped forward into the red darkness , squinting at the corners in the kitchen and the living room , straining to detect the slightest pin drop of sound-a noisy breath or a clamorous heart that pounded like mine . 
 are you watching me now ? 
 i thought , creeping from the living room back through the hallway . 
 the door to the spare bedroom was cracked , and i could n't remember leaving it that way . 
 approaching the door , i kicked it open and rushed inside , spinning around in the darkness , my finger on the trigger , waiting for him to spring at me . 
 but the room was empty , just as i 'd left it . 
 i returned to the hallway . 
 your room . 
 you were watching me sleep . 
 disregarding my fear , i stepped over the threshold . 
 the only place in the room obstructed from view was the other side of his dresser . 
 the glock raised , ready to fire , i lunged across the room , beginning to squeeze the trigger as the blind spot between the dresser and the freezer came into view . 
 he was n't there . 
 the four closets were the only places i 'd yet to comb , but i could n't imagine he 'd squeezed himself into one . 
 they were filled with supplies-one a pantry , another a storage space for gas , bottled water , and a substantial coil of rope . 
 besides , i 'd have heard him banging around in the dark . 
 i walked out of his bedroom . 
 there were two closets on each side of the twelve-foot hallway connecting the bedrooms to the living room . 
 you 're waiting for me to walk by again , so you can swing a door into my face . 
 i bolted through the hall back into the living room . 
 standing by the cold heater , i 'd begun to devise a plan to flush him out , when a bead of water slapped the crown of my bald head . 
 snowmelt . 
 wood creaked above me , and i looked up into the rafters . 
 a shadow swung down from a beam , and something blunt and hard smote the back of my head . 
 i came to on the floor , and the glock was gone . 
 i struggled to my feet . 
 the red darkness twirled , pierced by bursts of light . 
 am i dreaming ? 
 the point of a knife slipped between my right arm and my torso and touched my solar plexus . 
 i saw the ivory handle , and when i felt his breath against the back of my ear , piss flowed down the side of my leg and pooled under my bare feet . 
 when i tried to pull away , the blade pressed against my throat . 
 `` this knife 'll cut through your windpipe like it was jell-o . '' 
 `` do n't kill me . '' 
 `` what 's that jangle ? '' 
 reaching down , he felt the pockets of my sweatpants . 
 `` oh goodie . '' 
 he removed the handcuffs , with the key still in the lock , and cuffed my left hand . 
 `` give me the other one . '' 
 i put my right hand behind my back , and he cuffed that one , too . 
 `` now lead the way , '' he whispered , the blade still at my throat . 
 `` there 's a surprise for you in the shed . '' 
 36 though barefoot , i could n't feel the ice between my toes . 
 i imagined that the sliver of moon lit our faces blue and baleful . 
 the night was surreal , and i thought , i am not here . 
 i am not walking with him to that shed . 
 orson kept close , grunting with each breath , as though it were a struggle for him to stay with me . 
 withdrawal or frostbite , or both . 
 i reached the back door of the shed , stopped , and turned . 
 he shuffled toward me , pointing the glock waveringly at my head . 
 in the moonlight , i saw his face-the tips of his ears blackened , his cheeks , lips , and forehead corpse-white from the cold . 
 `` you 've been guzzling your buttermilk , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` go on in . 
 it 's unlocked . '' 
 i pushed my shoulder into the door and it opened . 
 terror weakened me when i saw what he 'd done . 
 the interior of the shed was filled with candles-dozens of them placed on the floor and the shelves . 
 innumerable shadows jitterbugged along the concrete , up the walls , into the rafters . 
 i saw the pole , the leather collar , the sheet of plastic spread out on the floor to catch my blood . 
 `` all for you , '' he whispered . 
 `` a candlelight death . '' 
 `` orson , please ... '' the tip of the knife pricked my back , urging me through the doorway . 
 as i walked across the concrete , i stared at the hole in the far corner of the wall , presuming he 'd crawled in out of the snow sometime after dark . 
 the missing panel of pine lay on the floor . 
 `` on the plastic , '' he said . 
 when i hesitated , he took three steps in my direction and pointed the glock at my left knee . 
 immediately , i moved to the plastic and knelt down . 
 `` on your stomach , '' he said , and i prostrated myself as instructed . 
 i smelled the leather collar as he slipped it over my head and cinched it around my neck-the scent of misfortunate strangers ' sweat and blood and tears and spit . 
 i felt a terrible , intimate kinship with those doomed souls who 'd worn this putrid collar before me . 
 we were blood now-orson 's hideous children . 
 papa dragged the stool out from the corner and perched on it , just out of reach . 
 shoving the glock into the waistband of walter 's jeans , he took the sharpening stone from his pocket and began drawing the blade across it : schick , schick , schick . 
 watching him work in the dim , jaundiced light , candles surrounding the plastic , i grew sensitive to the cuffs that dug into my wrists . 
 they were mine . 
 i 'd owned them since a halloween party in 1987 , when a friend presented them as a gag gift to me and this woman i was seeing , sophie . 
 it embarrassed us at first , but i cuffed her to my bedpost that night . 
 i 'd tied up other women with these cuffs and allowed them to shackle me . 
 i 'd bound orson . 
 now he bound me . 
 fucking durable metal . 
 i sat up , facing him . 
 desperately and discreetly , i tried to pull the cuffs apart , and when my hands turned numb , i strained even harder . 
 a man-burner named sizzle in the scorcher breaks the chain between a pair of cuffs while sitting in the back of a police car , and goes on to slay the arresting officer . 
 still pulling my hands apart , i recalled that deft little sentence : `` the chain popped , o'malley 's neck popped , and sizzle climbed behind the wheel and shoved the officer into the wet street . '' 
 it 's that easy . 
 so break . 
 `` you 're wasting precious energy , '' orson said offhandedly as he studied a ding in the blade . 
 `` i could n't break them when you held the flame under my eyeball . '' 
 he resumed stroking the blade , and his eyes fixed now on me . 
 `` a guy does favor after favor for you , and this is how you repay him . 
 this betrayal . '' 
 my mouth ran dry ; i had no spit . 
 `` i do n't know what your definition of favor en - '' `` it was all for you , '' he said . 
 `` washington . 
 mom . 
 we could 've been amazing , brother . 
 i could 've freed you . 
 like luther . 
 i held the mirror up for him , too , you see . 
 showed him the demon . 
 he did n't spit in my face . '' 
 orson began pinching his cheeks and scraping the skin off his face with the knife , as if amused with the lack of feeling in his brittle epidermis . 
 he bled in several places . 
 `` you came in my house , '' he continued . 
 `` while i slept in my bed . 
 tortured me . '' 
 he stared into my eyes . 
 `` you scare me , andy . 
 and that should not happen . '' 
 `` i swear - '' `` i know-you 'll never come after me again . 
 andy , when a person knows their death is imminent , they 'll say anything . 
 i was carving this guy up once , and he told me his grandfather had molested him . 
 just blurted it out between screams , like it might change something . '' 
 he laughed sadly . 
 `` you gon na talk to me while i open you ? 
 nah , i 'll bet you 're just a screamer . '' 
 orson stepped down off the stool . 
 the largest candle in the shed was a red cinnamon-scented cylinder of wax with the girth of a soup can . 
 it sat on the shelf beside the back door , and he laid the knife blade over its flame and pulled the glock from his waistband . 
 `` pick a knee , '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` disablement . 
 torture . 
 death . 
 in that order . 
 it begins now . 
 pick a knee . '' 
 an extraordinary calm enveloped me . 
 you will not hurt me . 
 i came to my feet and found his eyes , invoking that irrevocable love that was our entitlement . 
 `` orson . 
 let 's talk - '' the hollow-point bored into the meat of my left shoulder . 
 on my knees , i watched blood drizzle across the plastic . 
 i smelled gunpowder . 
 i smelled blood . 
 i blacked out . 
 i stared up into the rafters , flat on my back on the plastic , hands still cuffed behind my back . 
 i attempted to move my feet , but they were tied crudely with thick , coarse rope . 
 one hundred and eighty-five pounds crushed into my ribs , and i moaned . 
 straddling me , orson took the knife off the red candle , which now oozed wax onto the plastic . 
 the carbon blade glowed lava orange , and the metal secreted smoke . 
 i wore a t-shirt , a sweatshirt , and a shabby burgundy sweater . 
 starting at my waist , the blade cleaved easily through the layers of scorching fabric , all the way up to the collars at my throat . 
 then splitting the garments , he exposed my bare torso , the chest hair swaying in the tiny drafts effected by candles in this icy shed . 
 above the thudding of my heart , i thought i heard something on the desert , a distant whine , like mosquitoes behind my ear . 
 `` wow . 
 look how fast your heart 's palpitating , '' he said , placing his hand on my shuddering chest . 
 he tapped my breastbone . 
 `` i 'm gon na saw through that now . 
 anxious ? '' 
 when the knife point met my left nipple , i chomped my teeth and flexed every muscle , as though the tension might thwart the penetration of the fiery blade . 
 `` easy , '' he said . 
 `` i want you to relax . 
 it 'll hurt more . '' 
 orson moved the knife two inches to the left of my nipple and inserted the blade an eighth of an inch . 
 the metal was brutally cold , and i shivered as i watched him slit a sloppy circle , four inches in diameter . 
 blood pooled in my navel , and orson spoke to me while he carved , his voice flowing psychotic peace . 
 `` two-thirds of your heart lies to the left of your sternum . 
 so i 'm giving myself an outline to work with . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 'd have taught you this , you know . 
 on someone else . 
 look at that . '' 
 he held the tip of the knife under my eye so i could see my blood sizzling on the amber blade . 
 `` i know you do n't feel anything yet , '' he said . 
 `` that 's the power of adrenaline . 
 your pain receptors are blocked . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` but that wo n't last much longer . 
 they can only mask so much pain . '' 
 `` orson , '' i pleaded , on the brink of tears now . 
 `` what about the gift ? '' 
 he looked down at me , puzzled ; then , remembering , he said , `` ah , the gift . 
 you nosy bastard . '' 
 he put his lips to my ear . 
 `` willard was the gift . '' 
 he braced his left hand against my forehead and gripped the knife in his other . 
 `` sometimes i wonder , andy , what if he 'd picked you ? '' 
 someone knocked on the back door . 
 orson stiffened . 
 `` i want you to say something , '' he whispered as he stood up . 
 `` swear to god , i 'll keep you alive for days . '' 
 setting the knife on the stool , he walked to the door and drew the glock . 
 percy madding 's voice came through the door : `` dave , you in there ? 
 you all right ? '' 
 i strained to sit up on the plastic . 
 orson fired eight shots through the wood at waist level . 
 looking back at me , he smiled . 
 `` that , andy , is what you call - '' a shotgun report blasted through the door , and orson 's chest caught the full load of double-aught buckshot . 
 it knocked him off his feet and slammed him on his back as if a man had thrown him . 
 orson struggled to his hands and knees , stunned , staring at me as sanguine globs dropped out of his chest onto the concrete . 
 percy burst through the door and kicked the gun out of his hands . 
 my brother crawled toward me , then eased back down onto the concrete , hissing shoal , sputtering breaths . 
 leaning his double-barreled shotgun beside the door , percy approached the plastic and squatted beside me . 
 from the shallowness of his breathing , i could tell he 'd been hit . 
 he looked strangely at the pole , the leash , the sheet of plastic , the ragged bloody circle in my chest . 
 `` he got the key to these cuffs on him ? '' 
 he asked gruffly , twisting his snowy mustache . 
 his voice was strong , but his hands shook . 
 when i nodded , he walked over to orson and dug through his pockets until he found the key . 
 he told me to roll over , and then , after unlocking the handcuffs , he unsheathed a bowie knife from his belt and cut the rope that bound my feet . 
 `` you hit ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he touched his side . 
 down mushroomed out of a hole in his camouflage vest . 
 `` just a graze , though , '' he said as i unbuckled the collar . 
 `` i see you took one in the shoulder . 
 them hollow-points , ai n't they ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` then it 's still in there . '' 
 percy walked over to orson and pressed two fingers into the side of his neck . 
 `` this your brother ? '' 
 he asked , waiting on a pulse . 
 i nodded . 
 `` what in holy hell was he doing to you ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 `` reckon we better get us to a doctor . '' 
 i came to my feet and , starting for the back door , said , `` i have to get some things from the cabin first . 
 would you mind helping me ? '' 
 `` you bet . '' 
 leaving orson 's vacant eyes open , percy took his shotgun as he followed me through the obliterated door , back out into the snow . 
 he yelled something about my friend , but my panting drowned his voice , and i did n't stop to ask what he 'd said . 
 my shoulder burned now . 
 a snowmobile idled in front of the cabin . 
 when i reached the front porch , i glanced back and saw that percy lagged fifteen feet behind , holding his side with his left hand , the shotgun in his right . 
 upon entering the cabin , i closed the door behind me . 
 in the perfect gloom , i could see nothing . 
 neither will percy . 
 i peered out the window , watched percy wading through the snow , his body illuminated by the snowmobile 's single headlight . 
 receding into the shadows so he would n't see me , i thought , i 'll just knock him unconscious . 
 there 's food here , and he is n't badly injured . 
 someone will come for him . 
 there 's no other way . 
 his boots thumped up the steps . 
 i inched back toward the hinges of the door so i 'd be behind him when he entered . 
 `` dave ! '' 
 he yelled as the front door swung open . 
 `` what was you saying about - '' ammonia . 
 warm breath misted the nape of my neck . 
 i turned and faced luther , smiling in the darkness . 
 luther greets the morning with a smile . 
 climbing out of bed , he dons jeans and two sweaters and walks into the living room , smiling at percy 's frozen burgundy puddle on the stone . 
 while the coffee brews , he steps out onto the front porch . 
 large snowflakes drift lackadaisically down from the overcast sky . 
 `` howdy , boys . '' 
 orson and percy do n't answer . 
 they sit in their rocking chairs on opposite sides of the door , still as sculptures , their open , unblinking eyes staring into the desert , into nothing . 
 they 're upset with him because he made them stay out all night in the cold . 
 sitting down on the steps , he listens but does n't hear it yet . 
 that 's all right , though . 
 it 's only 10:45 . 
 he is not anxious . 
 beyond the shed , a brown speck darts through the snow-a coyote , foraging . 
 it woke him last night , crooning to the moon . 
 he hears an infinitesimal drone . 
 standing up leisurely , he stretches his arms above his head and fetches percy 's twelve-gauge from the breakfast table . 
 setting it beside him on the front porch , he sits back down on the steps to wait . 
 the snowmobile streaks across the desert , a black dot skimming the snow . 
 percy 's wife pulls up on her snowkat and parks beside her late husband 's snowmobile . 
 in her umber bib and black parka , she removes her helmet and dismounts , the snow rising above her waist . 
 her face is robust and wizened like percy 's , and her hair sweeps long and gray behind her shoulders . 
 she smiles at luther and leans against the snowkat to catch her breath . 
 he can see two cabins in her sunglasses . 
 `` hi , there , '' he says , chipper . 
 `` pam , is it ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` it was kind of percy to bring me over here last night . 
 i was very worried about my friends getting stranded in the storm . '' 
 `` well , i appreciate you boys keeping him company last night . 
 i brought your toolbox , percy , so maybe we can fix your kat good enough to get home . 
 i always told him i 'd kick the shit out of him if he left without a cell . 
 what do you say there , perce ? '' 
 she glances at her husband , on luther 's left . 
 `` you report him missing to anyone ? '' 
 luther asks , staving off another wave of light-headedness . 
 pam steps forward , her head curiously tilted at her husband . 
 luther takes two shells of double-aught buckshot from his pocket . 
 `` not since i got you on the horn , '' she says , but she 's not looking at him . 
 `` hey , percy ! '' 
 she removes her sunglasses , squints at her husband , then at luther , befuddled . 
 blood runs over the tip of luther 's left boot into the snow . 
 `` the hell 's wrong with him ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's dead . '' 
 she smiles , as though luther 'd made a joke , and comes a step closer . 
 when she sees percy 's throat , she looks at luther , then at orson , and screams . 
 a raven launches out of the snow beside the shed , croaking bitterly . 
 pam turns and bounds back toward the snowkat . 
 luther breaks the breech of the shotgun and slides the shells home . 
 three hours later , he unwinds on the front porch , sipping from a mug of black coffee . 
 he is not void of kindness . 
 he has allowed pam and percy to sit side by side , and even arranged pam 's hand to rest in her husband 's lap . 
 they will freeze together . 
 that is not altogether unromantic . 
 `` i 'm going to bring you guys a new friend , '' he says . 
 `` how would you like that ? '' 
 he looks over at orson and slaps him on the back , an arctic slab of stone . 
 `` do n't talk much , do you ? '' 
 luther guffaws . 
 he believes now that he is the perfection of orson , and he burns with ecstasy . 
 a new thread of warm blood runs down his inner thigh ... luther revives on his back , staring up into the ceiling of the covered porch , the spilt coffee already iced into the wool of his sweater . 
 he sits up . 
 the clouds are gone , the sun low in the sky , half-obscured behind that distant white bluff . 
 tingling specks of black have infiltrated his vision-particles of dying that will soon overtake him . 
 a small blood puddle has frozen on the wood beneath his feet , rosy in the petering sun . 
 he is blisteringly cold . 
 the pain is back , but he does not respond to discomfort in the whimpering , human fashion . 
 he is indomitable , though he should depart soon if he intends to survive the bullet andrew thomas put inside him . 
 he stands , takes up the shotgun , and staggers back into the cabin . 
 at the end of the hallway , he unlocks the door of the guest room and kicks it open . 
 andrew thomas lies motionless on the bed . 
 `` get up , '' luther says . 
 he has n't entered the room since the previous night , when he dragged andrew inside . 
 with a pained exhalation , andrew struggles to sit up against the logs . 
 the quilt still wrapped around his shoulders , he shivers , his breath steaming . 
 `` come with me , '' luther says . 
 andrew looks up at him , vanquished . 
 `` i heard the shotgun . 
 are they all dead ? '' 
 `` come with me . '' 
 orson 's brother looks down at the floor , tears filling his eyes . 
 `` just kill me . '' 
 luther falters . 
 lurching into the wall , blood dripping from the hem of his blue jeans , he tries to take aim . 
 but the shotgun slips from his hands and he slumps down upon the stone . 
 i lift the shotgun from the floor and touch my finger to one of the triggers . 
 when i place the barrel against luther 's chest , i can taste the madness , and my god it 's sweet . 
 i want to squeeze the trigger , feel the shotgun buck against my shoulder , and watch him bleed out on the stone . 
 in short , i ache to kill him , which is precisely why i do n't . 
 i drag luther , alive but fading , onto the porch and bind him with seventy feet of rope to the last available rocking chair . 
 then i lift the red fleece blanket i took from orson 's bed and wrap it around percy madding and the woman beside him , who i assume was his wife . 
 i want to bury them , but the ground is frozen beneath the snowpack . 
 this is all i can do for the man who saved my life . 
 when i 've managed to close percy 's frosted eyelids , i wade out into the snow and turn and behold the dying and the dead . 
 the parting rays of a cold sun gild the spectacle of the front porch , a sight i will never be rid of : percy madding , his wife , orson , and luther kite , each in a rocking chair , three dead , one not far behind . 
 it startles me when luther speaks . 
 he shivers now , his teeth clicking uncontrollably . 
 i can not imagine him surviving the night . 
 i wonder whether he 'll bleed to death , or if the cold will claim him first . 
 `` you stand there appalled , '' he says . 
 `` at what , andrew ? '' 
 `` at all this blood , luther . '' 
 `` we all want blood . 
 we are war . 
 that 's the code . 
 war and regression and more and more blood . 
 tell me it does n't speak to you . '' 
 luther 's black hair whips across a pale , bloodless face . 
 he awaits my reply , but i have none . 
 at last , i approach my brother . 
 our faces are inches apart . 
 orson 's eyes remain open , his mouth frozen into the slightest grin . 
 the abject violation of the maddings and every other human being he butchered consumes me , and i scream at him , raging , my voice filling the desert : `` is this beauty , orson ? 
 is this truth ? '' 
 then , like a fever breaking , finally i start to cry . 
 eastward , i glide across the snow toward 191 under the purple immensity of the wyoming sky , and the madness diminishes as the cabin falls farther behind . 
 i wonder if luther is dead yet . 
 i wonder many things . 
 the skis scrape across the pavement , and i bring the snowmobile to a halt on the other side of the road . 
 alighting , i unfasten the two suitcases filled with clothes and the contents of orson 's drawer . 
 i sit down on the shoulder . 
 the highway has been plowed-the only snow on the road is windblown powder . 
 all is still . 
 my left arm throbs , but luckily , percy was wrong . 
 the bullet tore through-i extracted the mushroom of lead from the back of my shoulder this morning . 
 the sun is gone . 
 ancient images of stars and planets commence filling the night sky . 
 the moon crawls above the winds at my back , and i cast a lunar shadow across the road . 
 the empty , pruinose highway stretches on , north and south , as far as i can see . 
 i 'm so cold . 
 i stand and stamp my feet on the road . 
 instead of sitting back down on the shoulder , i walk out into a thigh-deep drift and make a snow angel . 
 lying flat on my back , a wall of white enclosing me , all i can see now is the cosmos , and all i can feel is the steady infusion of cold . 
 my thoughts become electric . 
 i think of orson 's poem . 
 defiant . 
 courageous perhaps . 
 if we 'd never stepped into your tunnel , we 'd still be in this desert . 
 mom ... walter ... i will not be returning to north carolina . 
 as the cold strengthens , the madness seems to ebb , and my mind clears . 
 peace overruns me . 
 i 'm nearly asleep when the distant mumble of a car engine reaches me . 
 for a moment , i consider whether i should lie here and die . 
 i 've stopped shivering , and false warmth flows through me . 
 i struggle to sit up . 
 headlights appear , heading northbound out of rock springs . 
 i rise , brush the snow from my clothes , and trudge stiffly into the road . 
 a transfer truck , i predict , and standing on the dotted line , i wave my arms when the beam strikes me . 
 much to my surprise , the bumper of a long white suburban stops ten feet from my waist . 
 the driver 's window lowers at my approach , and a man several years my junior smiles until he sees the bruises that blacken my face . 
 elbows on the console , his pretty wife looks warily at me , the side of her face lit blue by the lucent dashboard clock . 
 three children sleep in the backseat , spread across one another in a tangle of small sibling appendages . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 the husband asks . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just ... i need a ride to the next town . 
 wherever you 're going . 
 please . '' 
 the man glances at his wife . 
 her lips purse . 
 `` where 's your car ? '' 
 `` i do n't have one . '' 
 `` well , how 'd you get here ? '' 
 `` will you please take me to the next town ? 
 you 're the only car that 's passed all night . '' 
 the man turns once more to his wife , their eyes consulting . 
 `` look , we 're going to visit family in montana , '' he says . 
 `` but pinedale is about fifty miles up the road . 
 we 'll take you that far . 
 you can hop in through the back . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'll grab my things . '' 
 `` richard , '' his wife mutters . 
 i lift my suitcases from the snow and walk to the back of the suburban . 
 opening the cargo doors , i stow my luggage on the floor and climb inside . 
 `` please keep it down back there , '' the wife whispers . 
 `` we want them to sleep through the night . '' 
 she motions to her children as though she were displaying jewels . 
 the rear bench seat has been removed , so i find a place on the floor amid the family 's luggage : a red cooler , canvas bags , suitcases , a laundry basket filled with toys . 
 with my suitcases at my feet , i curl up against the cooler and draw my knees into my chest . 
 we begin to move , and i stare out the back window , watching the linear moonlit strip of highway spooling out beneath the tires with increasing speed . 
 we climb subtly for a half hour . 
 then we 're cruising along a plateau , and i 'm looking back across the desolate flatland , scanning for two black specks in the sea of snow . 
 in the front seat , the woman whispers to her husband , `` you 're a sweet man , rich . '' 
 she strokes the back of his neck . 
 the vents channel warmth into my face , and the speakers emit a solacing oceanic ambience : sparse piano , waves and seagulls , the calming voice of a man reading scripture . 
 and as orson , luther , and the maddings harden on the cabin porch , in the massive desertic silence , i bask in the breathing of the children . 
